Chapter XII. ACHATTKIS THAT MAY RE CALLED J NTEUK^T ISC,. I We often hear it somewhat nee<Uessly j asserted that seemingly impassive persons ; are capable of feeling, and do feel, the touch [ of sorrow as much and as deeply (even more j deeply, it is unjustly added) as the impulsive ] and demonstrative. Without doubt they j do, and the foolish pride that causes them to J hid their grief, not seldom drives it to seek i an outlet by unusual and even hurtful ; channels. Nature compels from us obedience ] to laws, aud exacts her dues to the utter- ! most in whatever kind we pay them. The j Spartan boy was bitten by the fox, notwith standing that he managed to wear a stoical : countenance, and he would probably not I have suffered nearly so much if he had J iuduged in a good cry. Ernest Woodford ; and his wife were both of that reserved aud j secretive class who seem to have been bom , I to live in a world of their own without j ! sympathy with their fellow- creatures ; but ] ! they were not insensible, as we have seen, to 1 ■ insult. When such persons consent to live I together they generally fall out as these did ; 1 but when they agree, or have become re- J I couciled, they form a very dangerous pair, j Their mutual society blunts still more their dull susceptibilities ; they remove one another further and further from their fellow-creatures day by day, so that at last all that coueerus their relatives (for friends they have none) with respect to them is the question of, " Who shall be heir ?" The unhappy couple, conscious that this is the case, become sometimes haters of their kin and kintL Again, one of the necessary consequences of deep-rooted selfishness and egotism is our ignorance of the world ; those who never consult the feelings of others, at length are unable even to imagine them ; and so Mr. Woodford, who rather prided liimself on detecting the baser motives that actuated his fellows, was in reality less capable of judging human nature aright than the im pressionable little Evy, his niece of ten years old. His notion, for example, that the fact of his previous marriage was not known in iSandalthwaite was a most ridiculous one ; not a grown-up person in the parish was ignorant tliat the Black Squire had once had a wife, who had fled his roof ; some said by reason of liis own brutality, and others on account of the persecutions of Miss Selina. The injured lady had never publicly sued for a divorce ; but the details of the separa tion had been canvassed at the Wrestlers' Anns, and talked over in every statesman's kitchen within ten miles of Dewbank Hall again ami again. Though Mr. Woodford had put almost the whole length of England between liis first ami second home, and had left all bis servants m the south, and had enjoined, not without success, the strictest silence on the subject upon tlic members of his family, all bis neighbours knew bis story ; for if a bird of the air will carry the matter to a rich man's ear that we sjteak against liim in our private chamber, there are on the other hand whole flocks of carrrier-pigeons to tell the world what the rich man does ; and they often start with the intelligence even before he has done it. The mirth, therefore, was general, although concealed, throughout Samlalthwaite, when Mr. Woodford, after due delay, brought home his wife to Dewbank Hall as liis newly selected bride. Even if other things had been favourable, lie was himself incapable of carrying out suoli an imposture. It is em barrassing enough to be taking one's legiti mate honeymoon ; but to pretend to take it with a lady to whom one has been in the habit of expressing one's opinion without reserve for a couple of years, is an impersona tion demanding great resources, and especially the most jierfeet command of temper. Although, however, Mr. Ernest Woodford broke down most coiiipletly in this diflioult part, the select audience invited to witness the i>crfnrmance expressed no adverse criticism. It consisted, indeed, mainly and almost Solely of Dr. Herbert Wavtoii, who was now a more frequent guest at the Hall than ever. The boml that bad reunited his host and hostess in some incisure connected him with themselves. The fact was this poor gentleman lmd hail it in his mind at one time to marry Selina Woodford ; ami although liis love for her liad not turned to hate, simply because it had never had any existence, he did hate her, inasmuch as she had bestowed the four thousand pounds, of which lie stood so much in need, upon somebody else. That some body, too. w as a man who had called himself his friend, ami had often expressed in his presence contempt and even disgust towards the lady in question. True, Dr. Warton had not discouraged his deprecatory remarks, and had even contributed to them some severities of his own. but only with the modest purpose of appropriating to himself the more fasci nating painter's leavings. He deemed it j liase in Claude Murphy that he should have ; allied himself with a woman about whom he had spoken so scornfully, notwithstanding that he himself had had the intention of doing the very same thing ; for there was not, he argued, the excuse for the other that there was for him. True, Claude Murphy had an income which he found very in adequate to his expenses; but Herbert Wart,m's means were even more limited, and besides, he was deeply i:i debt. The painter ' loved pleasure : but with the doctor, pleasure, or rather such freedom from pain ful reflection as liquor could insure, had become absolutely necessary. The mere J gnoil-for-iiaught takes his ruin pretty kindly; a fool from the first, he gets to he something 1 of a philosopher at. the last, and dies in his ditch, if not decently, at least without malignity ; but the man of parts, who has ] neglected his opportunities and knows it— j who is constantly comparing the thing he i3 with what lie might have been but for his own j fully—gnashes his teeth in the unmoved i face of Kate, and takes his punishment with rage at heart, a mutineer ready to set light to the magazine, an L blow the whole ship's company out of the water, notwithstanding that he himself makes one of the crew. i)r. Wartou's malice was, a3 has been said, at present ilirected against the Murphies. If " friendships made in wine" are easily dis solved, so are those cemented over gin an l water, and (notwit-hstamling that the painter had generally paid for the liquor) Dr. Warton hated Claude far more than his wife. At the Woodfor<ls' table, however, he gave the lady the preference in the matter of vitupera tion. Little Evy, although she had no cause t<» love her aunt Selina, sat aghast as she listened to the things that were sard by her three companions against the absent Selina. She served for a topic of abuse for almost a twelvemonth, and then disappeared from the conversation with what, to Evy, seemed an extraordinary suddenness—although Uncle Ernest still indulged in vituperative soliloquy. The chilil could not account for this, but it excited her wonder. Crown-up f-.lks little know what questions they give rise to i:i the heart of a child companion. It 13 often ob served—as though there were something curious in it—that children are great ob servers. and it is only natural that such should be the case. Shut cut, for the most part, from interchange of ideas with their ehlers. their sharp little wits are not iiwetive; there is 110 other employment save that of observation for them. We are apt to imagine that, after having said more than we intended in the presence of a child, xve can reverse the undesirable impression by a pretence of pleasantry, or. at all events, by an explanation suitable to their capacity ; but we might just as well hope to erase a sentence in black ink by writing another beneath it in red. The difference between our earnest and our jest, our mistake and it3 apology, is quite as marked. Evy's great eyes rolled as womleriiigly at not hearing Aunt Selina abused, as they had at first when listening to the recital of her misdeeds. Perhaps some reconciliation had iieen effected. Perhaps Aunt (.lementina (whose arrival had been the signal for these protracted invec tives) had forgiven her sister-in-law at last. When people were rather unwell, as when Uncle Ernest had the gout, for instance, they were cross and extra-malicious; but when they were very ill and perhaps a little afraid of dying, they grew more charitable. And certainly Aunt Clementina was aeriously imlisposed. Key would have been sorry for that, in any case, for the sweetness of her nature was such, that she used to be sorry eveu when Miss Selina's biliousness assumed such abnormal proportions that it prevented her from persecuting the household by con fining her to her bad ; but Mrs. Woodford, in her uninterested lethargic way, was really kiml to Evy. Moreover, the child remembered that she had been" good to Charlie in the old times—the days that had been placed so far asunder from the present by the great divider, Death. She recollected how Mrs. Woodford had once secretly given him his dinner, when her husband and Aunt Selina would, upon very insufficient grounds, have deprived him of that meal. She re membered her patting his brown curls approvingly, on more than one occasion, and telling him to be a gentleman and a soldier like his father before him—advice which had pleased the poor boy hugely. She called to mind with what tenderness Mrs. Woodford had spoken to them both—they little knew it was her farewell—on the eve of the day she left Uncle Ernest's toof, as was then thought, for ever. " Vou have always lieen my little friends," she said, "the only friends I have had in this house. Wh n you grow up, Charlie, and marry your ' little wife' here lie sure you treat her kindly ; a man that is cruel to his wife is a fool as well as a scoundrel. Ami you, Evy, thank your stars that your husband has no sister ; you two have a chance of being all in all to one another. May you grow up gentleman and gentlewoman, as you bid fair to do. God bless you, my dears. Good-night." There was no pathos of this sort about Mrs. Woodford now, nor indeed was there much cause for it. Uncle Ernest and she had no such quarrels as used to take place, nor, on the other hand, was there much show of affectiou between them. Now, how ever, when, as lias been said, Mrs. Wood ford became unwell, it seemed to Evy that her uncle was very solicitous about liis wife. ' .She rarely, if ever, came down to breakfast, and her faee was pale and anxious. Dr. AVarton came every day and prescribed for her, or gave directions about her diet, or ordered or forbade lier taking exercise - walking he pronounced to be bad for her ; and Uncle Ernest, so far from making ally objection to such a piece of extravagance (as "might have lieen expected), himself ■volunteered to procure her a pony-carriage, in which Evy often accompanied her alone in drives about the parislr, although never beyond it. On these occasions the child noticed he aunt to have grown of late quite popular (which licr coldness of maimer had hitherto precluded'!, since every woman she stopped to speak with had a smile for her, and a glance, which, though her little c nu psnion could not comprehend, certainly ex pressed kindness and congratulation. Mrs. Woodford spoke scarcely anything in reply, ami even her answering smiles were forced, ami wore replaced the instant that the necessity for their exhibition ceased by a look of pain uud care. She was more silent even than usual after any of these well meant but certainly unwelcome salutations, and the frequency of their recurrence quite embarrassed her sensitive little companion. But what was a more serious source of annoyaucc to Evy in these drives was the predilection of licr aunt for the long winding cart-track—really quite unfit for her dapper little vehicle to traverse- that led up to Amler Nook. It was painful for her to watch tlie pony tolling up tile ascent with his heavy load, for Mrs. Woodford never left her scat, and the absence of the child's slight figure was but small relief to the poor beast; and it was extremely distasteful to her to have to be civil to "Mary Harrison that was" at tile end of the journey. Mary Harrison, in spite of the promise xve heard her give at the AVisliing- gate, had become Mis. llipson very shortly after her uncle's death had made licr mistress of the farm; and Evy, young as she xvas, felt all a woman's contempt for sm-h heartless conduct. George Adams, lier lost I'harlie's friend ami liers, had it was xrell known, been verv cruelly treated by this romantic but disloyal young pel-soil. He bad left his profession, and returned to ISandaltliwaitc upon her sole account, only to find her the bride of bis rixad. He had taken the lihov x-ery quietly, but those xvho knew him best xvere of opinion that lie did not feel it the less. His native cheerfulness ami elasticity had quite dissappeared ; the wrest ling-green knew him no more, nor did the little inn echo to his jovial song; but be worked early ami late at the xvad-nviue, wherein he gave every satis faction as deputy-overlooker. His previous calling and habits of discipline well qualified him for such a post, and he xvas bv nature accurate ami diligent ; but the desire of forgetting the past, was tin- true spur that goaded him to exertion. His eagerness for xvork was quite painful to xvitness to every body but his employer. Mr. Ernest Wood ford, who devoutly wished that all his miners—a somewhat turbulent am.l uncertain set—might be crossed in love xvitli the same satisfactory results. AVliat Aunt Clementina could have to say to the woman xvho had made George so miserable, Ex'y could not imagine ; but that it xvas something of a private and im portant nature xvas certain. They made 110 scruple about leaving licr alone i:i the great kitchen until cveiy leaf and flower ot" the old oak-chest grexv familiar to her gam, xx hilc they held together their hushed talk ill the I little room in which old Harrison no heiger murmured at Ilia bedridden late. slic knew | nothing of the subject of their conversation, but from the disconnect.?-:! -words which were borne now and again to lier ear, she gathered that her aunt anil Mary llipson were of one mind concerning the matter in debate, but were thwarted by sonic third person whose opposition they were scheming to overcome. Had not George A.lams been such a favourite with Evelyn Sefton her tender ! heart would have been touched to sec the change that had taken place in the woman that had deceived liim since her marriage with his rival. Jlcr russet- red. but comely face was grown unite pale and pinched, her coral lips bad lost their brilliancy, her hazel eyes, though looking even larger than before, were 110 longer bright, and were set in sunken hollows. Her voice, in particular, had ex changed its rich full nni-sic for low and hesitat ing tones. That " will of her own." of which her poor old uncle used to complain, not altogether without cause, 110 more existed ; it was swallowed up. like one of Pharaoh's serpents, by Miles Ripson" s will, which was far stronger. The high-spirited village cjueeu had become a bondswoman. Just at Present, however, there was a physical cause for her ill looks, also was seriously ailing, and it was to convey comforts to her -wine, and I ! jellies, and soup—that the head of Mrs. 1 Woodford's pony was so often turned in the direction of Ander Nook. Such luxuries had not been known at the liill-farin at any time, and were still less likely to be found there now. when every shilling that its present tenant could lay his lingers on was spent in selfish dissipation. Always an idle dog, Miles no sooner found himself in possession of his wife's little pro perty-. the "tying up" of which, her uncle had procrastinated, after the maimer of his class, until it was too late, than he had begun to spend it with both bands. It was enough to make the old uiau turn iu his grave, said the neighbours, to sec bow his hard-earned hoard was kicked down by this young profligate during the first twelvemonth of his married Jife. His humble employment as a wad-miner was, of course, discarded at once; but without that of a fanner being exchanged for it. Miles had played the gentleman at large, or at least the role which seemed to him to approximate to that sublime calling. Not content with lording it at the village inn, ami standing treat to all comers, he had extended his hospitalities to his own house, w here his friends of tile wrestling-ring had " rallied round him," night after night, with the ready affability of their class. J'or the first time, ±bc ancient home of the thrifty Harrisons was made the scene of drunken wassail; its rafters, laden no longer with winter store, shook with drunken revelry; and its mistress found herself degraded to the position of a serving- wench at a beer house. This state of things indeed existed no longer, since all the ready money at her husband's disposal bad disappeared; but though contenting himself for the 2>resent with running up a score at the Wrestler's Arms, he was said to he making arrangements for the sale of the Nook itself. No wonder, then, that Mary Ripson slum Id look pale anil haggard, and that When physical ;li[inejit;S were added to her other troubles she should have become but the ghost of her former self, l>he accepted with tlianks the good things Mrs. Woodford brought her; hut either her appetite was not equal to them, or when she took them they did her little good. On the last occasion, bided, of a visit to Ander, Evelyn thought she had never seen her look so ill. The interview between Mrs. Ripson and her aunt had lasted longer than customary, and yet when they joined her in the kitchen they each seemed to have some thing more to say. Mrs. Woodford, as usual on these occasions, looked dissatislicd and severe, ami Mary deprecating and obse quious. "I have gone as far as I can possibly go, mind," said the former, moving towards tile door. " If the matter was in my own hamls I might perhaps accede even to this extor tion ■ but we wives arc not our own masters." "That is true indeed, ma'am," answered Mary, with a treuior in her voice, " nobody should know that better than I." So moved was Evy with the wretchedness of her tone, and with the piteous wreck of her beauty that for the first time she held out Iter hand as she was about to follow her aunt. "O Miss, God bless you for that," whis pered Mary, hoarsely. " I know you despise me, but it is something to feel you do not hate me. Miss Evelyn, dear" here she hesitated, and for once to her wasted cheek returned the colour that had lied it so long. " I never hear about him; I am not worthy to hear—-hut how is he looking"; Is he happy? Is he well?" No name was mentioned, hut the child felt instantly to whom the question referred. " He is well, Mary," returned she, gravely; " hut I do not think he is happy." " Alas, alas ! it is hard that God should punish us both for the fault of one. He has laid liis hand heavily upjn me, hut I would willingly hear more to know that George's burden had been taken off. Would you tell him that, Miss Evy, please?"' "Yes, Mary, 1 will." Mrs. Woodford was already seated in the pouy-earriago when her niece reached the door; hut she exhibited no signs of impa tience, on the contrary, she was staring before her as though engaged in the fashion able occupation of uuravelliug a double acrostic. " You will see I)r. Warton to-night, Mrs. Ripson ?" inquired she, after a long pause. " I can't say, ma'am, I'm sure. I think it's very likely." " 1 will take care he come, for there is not iu my opinion any time to lose, not a day, not an hour." " To say the truth, I don't think there is, ma'am," " You have everything you want. I believecontinued Mrs. Woodlord, reflec tively. "Yes, ma'am, thank /««, everything," returned Mrs. llipson, with a sigh—"every thing except what money can't buy." "Ah, that we can't help, Sirs. Ripson," answered the other, cuvtly. " Your hus band is sure to he at home to-night, I suppose "At some time or another, yes, ma'am." "The later the worse, eh, Mrs. llipson?" replied the lady, fixing her cold blue eyes upon the speaker. " But don't you fret yourself more than you can help. All men are brutes, you may take my word for it; although I own there are women worse than any men. However, upon relleetion, L think you need say nothing more to your husband about what we have been talking of to-day." " Oh, ma'am, do you really think that ?" answered Mary, her own face fit up as when the veil of mist lifts for a moment and the whole mountain-side brightens without a sun-ray. ••Yes."answered Mrs. Woodford, thought fully. " At all events, if you rind him obstinate, do not press him, so as to run any risk from his brutality. Good by." As the wheels relied slowly round, she turned and added. " 1 hope 1 shall not see you to-morrow, Mary." " What a strange thing to say !" thought Evelyn, though she made no remark. .She was not at all afraid of her aunt, hut tliat lady's manner did not invite enquiry. Nor, as they wound down through the yellowing copse, nor by the forget-me-not bordered lake, nor through the foxglove dell which formed the unfrequented carriage-drive from the main road to Dcwbank Hall, did either break the autumn silence. At the front door stood the doctor's gig, and in the hall the doctor chatting with his host. He had almost gone away, he said, without waiting for his patient, but since she had arrived lie would ask her a few ques tions. "My wife looks very pale this afternoon," observed Mr. Woodford, in a low and anxious tone, when the consultation was over : "is there anything to he apprehended shortly " Nothing, or. at least, certainly not at present." returned the doctor, confidently ; *■ lint 1 don't thiol; she must take any more drives." " 1 wish that woman from Keswick had conic," continued Mr. Woodford, nervously. "J bml much rather l.ave employed old Widow Ripson, and been sure of her. ' " There is no cause for anxiety about the matter, my dear sir," observed the doctor. "There is plenty of time; auil if it-was not so, you might still set your mind at ease. You will think nothing of this sort of tiling when it has happened half-a-dozen times." " Good heavens, how you talk!" urged Mr. Woodfovd, with irritation. "Why this is the only time that 1 shall oaro. twojienee about it, li es. 1 shall certainly send to Widow Ripson." "Thai is quite out of the question, my dear sir. The widow is safe to be in atten dance upon her dauglitcr-in-law at the Nook, who, I think 1 told you. was threatened with an ptbu-k of the same nature. It is not un usual with yonng matrons, I assure you." An«l tbe huge doctor lauglied, and swelled, and purpled, as it was his wont to do when facetious. "Well, at all events you won't he nut of tbe way yourself, Warton. Now stay and dine here to-night, like a good fellow." "J. ca 1't indeed, Mr. Woodford, ltccause I've promised to see old Martin Welsh at Milntbwaite before dusk. A verj" bad ease that indeed, and not a very good one for me. If it was not absolutely necessary you may dcjieml upnu it I should prefer your society over a bottle of claret, to a live miles' journey i upon a cart-track, -with w half-sovereign fee at the end of it. But I'll drop in, in the evening, if 1 possibly can." *•]>(», doctor, do. And loc k you," whis pered the Black Squire, "if all goes well— that is w-'th the child—and it's a boy, mind, if it's a h..y, I say, I'll give you a hundred guineas. "Well, hut if it's a girl ?" returned the doctor, laughing, hut looking down on his companion's face with serious eagerness too. "1 can't help the sex, you know. What if it's a girl?" " Well you'll get live guineas instead of a hundred, and a devilish dear bargain too,"' answered Mr. Woodford, doggedly. " Very good," returned thedoctor, quietly, a* he climbed up into his creaking gig. " at it wSl Let us hope for both our sakes tin I be a buy." 