M. THIERS ON FRENCH POLICY. "Mi Thiers has attacked the foreign policy of the Empire in a speech which Avili be read with breathless interest by most Frenchmen* Seldom has thero been a . moro vigorous or ski ful invectivo delivered against the conduct of the French 'Foreign ' Office.' ' The moment was not inopportune. Half Franco has been Wondering whether! it is possible that the new- fangled policy bf Im po nallam is, after all, a . series of suicidal blunders, and that Napoleon III. is au overrated mari. M. Thiers has seized thc crit'cal occasion' to pronounce. with all ihe authority of a conribis'eur that, considered as a diplomatist, tho. Emperor is a failure. Tbo old tribune which this year, has reappeared by Imperial permission ia the Chamber, seems to bave'been restored just in timer' Tho veteran debater and ex-Minister spoke of tho familiar rostrum as of an old and valued friend, and, standing where ho had not Btobd for twenty years, seemed bko ihe ghost of old French Governments inveighing against tho spirit of tho new. M. Routier, himself no mean orator, was scarcely equal to tho task of coping with tho coruplo'o and polished essay of his anima'ed antagonist. Tho admiration of the Chamber was equitably divided botweon tho two oppo- site harangues, but the vehement address of the Opposition leader has produced out of doors a deep impression which the assurances and pro- testations of thc Minister have not yet re- moved. The chargo brought by M. Thiers against tho polioy of tho Empire is that it is not the policy of common sense. It has only succee- ded, he thinks, in leaving France st.anded and ¡so ated in the middle of the Continent. Her true interest, ho conceives, is riot to presido over tho rise of nationalities or tho agglomer- ation of nations, but to stand by. tho balance of European power. Reduced to plain term's, this means nothing more than that, when Europe is weak, the Frencli Empire will bb strong. Tho " balance of power " is only a courteous way of expressing tho hopeless division of the Conti- nent; und M. Thier's'principia amounts toa return to tho old principles and ideas of former regimes. Frenchmen are sorely tempted at pr. sent to adopt this line of thought. Ic bas long been obvious to spectators that the military terrorism exercised by Franco must, wane as her success in revolutionizing tho Continent succeeded. .When Italy accomplished her unity . she founded her political independence ; and as tho Austrian frontier bas receded in tho Italian' peninsula; French influ- ence has receded in proportion. The samo process has since taken place in Germany, as M. Thiers predicted., three years ago would be tho case. It is in vain for M. Rouher, in despair, to urgo that' tho German Confedera- tion in past years was as menacing a danger upon tho Frencli frontier as, tho new military league which is stirling into cxiatenco under the auspices of Prussia. For purposes of self defence the old Bund may, havo been equal to its now substi'U'o. For offence, however, it . was useless ; and so long as Gormariy was tri- partite; she resembled a house divided against itself. M. Theirs is thero'oro right in main- taining that the hattie of .-adowa has appreci- ably altered the situation of affairs ; and even M. Rouher, in a moment of candour, confessed during the debate that, for ono moment after the defeat of Benodek, tho Imperial Government itself experienced " a patriotio qualm." Ifthi** bo so, it is natural that France should bo dis- posed to sympathise with M. Thiers when ho asserts that Franco bas blundered. Ten yeats ago,, after the Crimean wnr-^a war bf which, with all tho instinct of an Old World politician,. .(., M. Thiers heortily approves-Europe, side by aide with the French nation^ seemed as weak ns water. Napoleon III. held the. dostinlos of the world within the hollow of his hands,. Russia wns paralysed, Austria was torrilied. Prussia foeblo and Inaotivo, nud 'ho ' French Emperor sat in tho midst like iEolus in tho , contro of his windy cave. Now everything has altered, and, if Mr. Thiers is corronchas altered for tho worse. Italy, thanks to French lutorveniion, hos grown to- mnturity, and iliroiitctis' to illustrate in her polioy tho old nuixlun of tho ingra* itudo pf naiions. Tho pooco of Vil'afrancs, for which Napoleon III. is reponslble, lod indlreotly io the recent P/usso-Itallau ulllunco, nud tho oonsoquotit I ' ' hum'ífátíW I Pru****, '.yietoríous and iWbllen with' 'territorial j /,nnnexntions,îs'ttt the'bead of thirty millions of j ':GeTioani.'. Jjastly', roused íntó activity nt'the i -sight, .and, spirited tb action, hy the changed ; conditions of Prussia anil Austria,' Russia is once inore rnahouvring',abóng the Christian i . subjects of the. Porté, and s'retching her arm towards,' Constantinople. IVÍcánwhi'o France 'has exhausted her pur'e anrl fatigued herjarmy in distant apd fruitless,military expeditions to ! Mexico abd Rome.' Hor rulers have botjbad ?the nerve ip arreit botimos tho ' unwelcome progress' bf ,'events. ", The friendship bf Eussia they forfeited ' by a' chimoricdl agitation iii favourof Polish revblu'ion. . Tboy might,jit is added, had tliey not thought theinselvos pledged tb the doctribe of nationalities, have stayed' tho ' ambitioúi course pf Prussia by an interference, in concert with the .English people, onbehalf of the pucliies.of the Flbe. They did not oven cast'ho sword pf Franco into, the., scale when tho fate of Austria was, weighed last summer in the. balance Tho result is that Franco is I nowhere. In tho words of M.: Thiers, "il n'y a plus uno seu'e faàto. a Commettre.'" Tlie French Government is in this curious dilemm»,, that lt cannot answer thia cogent I «rgume.pt without appearing to confess that tho vast's'chemó" introduced by the French Emperor r for turning ibo whb'o' able- bodied population I into; aii\ armed' militia is uncalled for. ¡M. . Jules Favre, withitlie, ojb of a' lawyer; saw this i wcak'ness in tho" M ¡material, pösi'ion! and drove his spear into 'tho opening of tho joint. De deux choses l'une. Either France is not in' imminent peril pr she is. If she is,' who brou^hr tho calamity upon ber? If she ia not; why all .these armaments,, and thesis evident preparations for a çpniirig contest? To . tliis M.' Rouher had really no answer ready. Nor waB his language, by any mcand ns reassuring, or ¿j pacific na was necessary for the maintenance of his theory that 'Franco had remained unshaken by tho ?altered equilibrium of Germany^ "He asserted indeed iii at the relations between 'France and the Cabinet of St. Petersburg never had been more friend'y. But.ho. \vent' on. in a tone of veiled monaco to add that Russia must abstain, from those very idoas of ambition tho mere rumour of which ha's'.been agitating political .circles, bo'h in London . and in, Parish for tho last few months. In like matinor he professed'.ho most utopian wishes for'tho welfare and happiness of Prussia.' But he iAâei', with an, air bf mystery! thdV Count Bismark moat not turn bb thoughts towards the Zuyder Zee.", It is aifDcult to decido whether this sort of tone is more 'sod'Hing or' alarming. . It certainly1 is not an driswor to M. Thiers. 'Tho Minister's reply to tho averment ;,tha,t matten knight' Ii a vp happened differently had tho' Imperial Government acted , with greater: fprco and promptitude, when stripped of its' .orator! .cal ornaments, is very simple.. ' ..As fur as M. Thiers is concerned, who on n famous'occasion adopted tho some reaabning whon ho was Minister himself, it is a'fair. specimen of tho argumentum ad hominem. God ie great says M. Rbúher, ^n'nd tho current of events , has been irresistible., The French Foreign Office could not fight against i». The s nam carried Franco «long with it, and it is not a crime to have boen washed away. ¡ So. far from evory single fault having beon commited which ingenuity . could commit, lhere has been no fault at ,all. . Tho increase of Germany has been the will of Allah. This is a remarkable defence in tho month of a prudent French Minis er. Ono may be allowed to wonder what Germany will think of it. Count Bismark will scarcely deserve the character hb has acquired for shrewdness' if he is not as much forewarned ds, flattered, by the free and homely bluntness of tito spokesman of the Cabinet of tho Tuileries. If the statement of M. Rouher doos notprovo that the Empire bas been wiso in its diplomacy, it suggests to tho . plainest, understanding (he reason why the Empire is about to i arm. . ' ? Naturi 1 aa ¿3 tho feeling of dissatisfaction at the.rise of . Prussia which France exhibits no lossi than MJ Thiers, it cannot bo viewed with Other than very, melancholy misgivings by all , lovers of European peace. . It has often been said, and with considerable 'truth, that the tranquillity, of the Continent cannot bc secure if tho French nation is ill content. That discon- tent prevai's among ordinary French politicians ia obvious", from the temper with whicli the -diatribe of M. Thiers was received. It is no use pausing to argue that tho principles put forward by him are selfish and interested. Of course Choy are, and M. Thiors docs not hesitate to acknowledge it. We sometimes hear English statesmen taking a feeble credit to themselves -for refusing to look at foreign politics from any except a pure'y British standpoint. Aa exact parallel may now be serin, OB the opposite sido of tho Channel, in M. Thiers. To all thoorios .about,the interest .of peoples and the rights-of nationalities ho has ono convincing answer .J'aime mons pays. ? The patriotic point of view is the only one that be oonsonts to recognise. To iell him.that he oui{lit to bo a cosmopolito, and not merely a Frenohman, is to talk to him in a language which be does not caro to speak. He looks on all ambitious schemes of foreign policy with the sceptical eye that Mr. Lowe directs in England towards the doctrines of flosh and-blood Reform. Tho. cheors ho elicits and tho sensation be creates aro signi- ficant and full of warning. They show that the French Ohamrer nntl tho French nation aro deeply affected by what ho says. . So much might have been expooted ; but it is indeed a subject of anxiety when we find Imperial Ministers themselves a prey to tho .agitation which they pretend in publio to ro , pudiate! ' And the attitude of M. Rouhor, ro . assuring though it is dosigned to be, is above all things an admirable specimen of tho real folly of which tho French Government during 'the last twolvo months has been gui'ty. It baa vacilla' od between ao'ion and inaction. , If H had boldly intervened to prevent the march of -Prussia and tho " agglomeration" of Germany, it might havo marred or adjourned a groat ?reform, but it would at all ovonts '...'"''.have, acted upon a consistent ond. in télllgiblo plan. From so treijohant and, let us add, so unprincipled a move, the Emperor ' was preserved by his caution, his reason, and /perhaps, bis conscience. But if hp did not do -this, the only statcmanliko course left:. was to ?accept hoartily and freely tho evonts which he had not tho powor or tho will to avert. We fear that this has not boen done. Franco ro xuat'aod In tho condition which always makes Franco dangerous - silont, hut agitated ¡ and uneasy. She would not forbid Prussia's success 1 but she would not sympathise with it. M. Rouher could not bring himself last week to sympathise with it, even for the sake of winning a debater's viotory over M. Thiers. Tho prof 1 for of un EngJish Frencha'Hnnco sbllcindlf hold butto* us by M, Thiersand M. llouherwith both,bcinils must, accordingly, be' estimated at its true worth.'' Before emeriau on enterprises, of .croat pith and moment, England will prb-' ' babiy insist upon ttriders'anding 'for whom, she is expected to pull the chesnu's out of the fire, arid whether the balance of power in Germany and the restoration of a French hegemony on 'the'Continent is a' máttor in 'which abe has aa keen an interest as others that mi*ht be named. In, many ways the French are a' noblo people. They cannot Í at present ' show their nobility better than by ceasing to repine at tho; altered fortunes of their neighbours; and by 'consigning the theories of M. Thiers to 'the library shelves appropriated to select morsels of perilous and seductivo eloquence.-Saturday Review. , ' 