CHTJBCH COKFEREHCES. To the Editor of the Inquirer and Commercial 2/ews. Sib, — In the Inquirer of last week you find fault with the Lord Bishop's movement in the Church Question. An attempt to extinguish anything like agitation or controversy oaecclesias ticalmattereb.ere,bowevtrunBuited for the columns oi a newspaper, may be a very popular task, chiefly because deputations, as those which have asaitaed such dimensions in the mother country, could be productive of no good in a community like ours —could but sow the seeds of dissension, absolutely dangerous to our well-being. But is it to be wondered that the minds of our clergy sbonld be occupied with a question which has become in so prominent a manner the chief topic of the day with ecclesiastics at homeP There, earnest minded men are up and doing with great reason for fearing that the Church of England is drifting on the rocks of a great conflict — perhaps a great schism — a great rupture. Bomanism on the one hand and Dissent on the other are pulling it to pieces; and more, from the diverse opinions which are expressed, the only conclusion to be drawn by moderate men is, that, in reality, the Church ot England now fulfils no essential conditions of a popular Church, and really satisfies but a small portion of the people of England. In tbe Times of 26th .November last appears the following significant advertisement :— ' Romanism in the 'Church of England. — A strong feeling of indig ' nation prevails among the lay members of the *' Church of England at the bold attempts now ' made to introduce Romish doctrine under cover ' of an elaborate ritual, and more particularly the 'sacrifice of the mass. The committee of tbe ' Church Association are determined to bring to ' an issue in oar courts oi law whether Romish ' doctrine and practice can legally be canied out 'in our Protestant and reformed Church. They ' have already voted a considerable sum to the 'case now before the courts, and are prepared to 'persevere as far as their funds will allow. They ' invite further contributions and communications 'from those who sympathize in their object.' ' Ritualism in the Church of England. — ' Whose ' sins thon dost forgive, they are forgiven ; and ' whose sins thou dost retain, tney are recaineu. .— '(Ordination Service). * And by His (Christ's) 'authority committed to mo, I absolve thee from ' all thy sins, in the Name of the Father, and ot 'the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost.' — ( Visitation 'of the Sick). The above passages, which were ' unhappily retained in the Prayer Book at the' ' Reformation, lie at the root of Kitoalism.— ' The ' association for promoting a revision of the *' Prayer Book' and for securing purity and ' simplicity in the public worship of the Church 'of England aims expressly at tbe removal of ' these passages, and to counteract the efforts of ' the Romanizing party. Subscriptions are ear* 'nestly requested.' It is very certain indeed, that if the Church of England is not to fall back into the arms of Borne it must study seriously to reform itself. The movement from within is not likely to be much longer retarded ; and if something be not done shortly, there will, beyond doubt, be great accessions to the present strength of Dissent in England. Look at it from what point of view you may it seems to be pretty certain tbat something of a crisis is approaching in the history of the English Church. The November mail brought as tidings of falling stars, but ' falling stars,' of quite another sort, much more interesting and more important, may be looked for by the most sober among us. BRAZEN-NOSE. 