Turf Reform, Etc. Sir,— Writing is a bore, especially writing for print, aa you know better than I dc, ' perhaps. Tho world and the (lesh aro hard ' c to please, and the devil (of course I mean the ? printer's dovil) is apt to mako our confusion ; worso confounded. Bear with me, never theless, if I boro you. Bears and boars aro companions occasionally when thoy don't . '-' disagree ??-,', Which, I ask, is tho most open to blame,' if blame thero be, the man who unadvisedly enters a friend's horso fora race, hoping to see him at tho post, neither backing him nor aying against him, or the man who enters a horso of his own, without the leaBt intention of ever bringing him near the post 1 Yet I maintain, at tho risk of being accused o£ talking treason, that a gentleman who runs his horses for pastime purely, and not for betting purposes, has a right, to a great extent, to do as ho pleases, without consult- ? ing tho belling public, most falsely and foolishly confounded with the general public, by some people who ought to know better. The public, forsooth, what do they care for ' the ins and out3 of the betting market, as long as nothing radically wrong is brought to light ? I mean thoso who go to the race course to see tho sport and to enjoy their holi day, and aro seen on the following day at their work, or possibly at church, i£ it bo Sunday, undisturbed by regrets for tho good '? thing that didn't come off, or by abstrnse. calculations which ought toreduoo tho neat good thing to a certainty, or thereabouts. But tho betting public— why should a snorts man, racing for sport alone, consider them? Will they consider him ? ' ' Not a purpuss,' as A. Ward says, unless it should suit theu: - purposes and their books .to put him.on a^. triflo to nothing, ono way. or- the other; an i offer which will probably bo ' declined with thanks.' ? ' ?' . ','. . ??-,'. I don't pretend to bo a whit moro fastidious than tho generality of my neighbours, and I' don't say that hotting in ltsolfls .yory wrong any moro than other speculations ; but wo -.? can't shut our eyes to tho fact that a great '.: many; Crying evils do arise Qiit of. syBtomatio betting; and, moreover, betting , is not.a le qitimdte part and pared of the national sport, oj horse- racing, but 'simply anqffslioot and a parasite, inseparable, perliaps, but none Hie lest a spurious growth, and a. morbid] excrescences ? Why.ithen, should wo do all in bur power toi make iorao-racing subservient to ^ho betting . ring. ' As.fortlib morals which aro 'of thp turf, turfy,;1 T don't intend to moddlo with. . them more than I can help— the Ies3 they aro disturbed tho better. .They aro not quite so clean as they might,be,' perhaps, but cleaner than many things which stand now-a-days— '? a yolumo of poems ;by , a fashionable author, for instance, or a sensation novel from the pen of a lady. , And you, friend Bell, is there no beam in that big ono eye of yours which prevoiits»you. ' from discerning clearly tho moto in your' brother's oyo, or makes you soo tho moto doublo as may bo. You never sleep, you' say. What a had conscience you must have. Aro you- going' to striko at tho root of the oviU ' (Mpmo — First find your root, and then Btrike it.) Tho root of tho evil is too deop-soated to begot at so easily. You may run a muck, Malay fashion, hitting right and loft, in the hopes of occasionally hittuig tho, ngus iiou on tuo neaa, Due u i was disposed ,t to tender a thing I soldom take myself, called advice, I should simplv say— Don't! ' Tho Aitalralasian is trying hard to re- .,.. organise tho turf, and I wish them success, ?'' J though I don't feelvery sanguino. Artemus . ',,'., once tried toreorganisoBotsyJanOjbuthonever repeated tho oxperiinorit. Turf reform is a '' , ?' great undortakmn. ' ' Tho idea is excellent, : .'!). only it requires carrying out I confess I ?- would;rather bo a spectator than. a leader iu '' ' l a ornsado against suoh odds. I havo a lively - faith in reform as well aa yourself, but re form, liko charity, ought to begin at homo ; ? ' and besides, if tho world was reformed too suddenly you and I might find ourselves' ; sadly behind tho times. ' As it is, thero ia at ' loast_ some consolation to us (as to tho Pharisees of old) in seeing so many people a littlo worso thau ourselves. How shocking - r bad they must bo. Speaking seriously, I ' c doubt wnothor tho Australasian, great paper ' as it is, is at all equal to' tho task o£ turf re- ' form. I am Bure that it must altor its tactics '? if it would really do ? good, for thoro is neither ' roason!nor justice in the virtue that strains ? * at a gnat and swallows a catnol. : ? -l And these^ crying, evils, how aro they to ho ' mot! ' We know that through them many a ' ' good man has passed a sweeping anathema on. L tho turf with all . its belongings.' Tho best aro not always tho wisest, and yot'tho author ' ,; of 'Tom Brown' is an opponent few of ua would earo to tooklo. t I think, myaolf, ho is mistakon, but I should bo sorry to enter tho ' lists with him, nevertheless. . Man is so con] ' stituted that ho must havo sport iu . soma shape or othor;: therefore, sport is not a ! c luxury, but a necessity. I am not writing a - defence of horse-racing, and if I were I l shouldn't try to provo what I don't think, ' r i.e., that horse-racing is superior to every other snort Still, if it wero worth my whilol ? ' ' think I could show that thoro is muoh good '* '? in it, although it involves ? many evils, and still these evils aro really distinct from horso raoing, and could moBt' certainly exist with out it- Tho gambler will, gamble, and tho ' drunkard will drink oa the courso. What thon ? If you debar theso men from tho course thoy will ganiblo and drink doublo ' olsowhoro to mako up for it, and their ? examples in nublio aro not so alluring after ' all. In judging tho turf wo must set tho J good against tho evil, good and ovil boing in- r separable. '?? Tho English Jockoy Olub havo no vor been, . . ' ablo to do muoh in tho way of turf reform. ' Their plan seems to bo to iguoro tho hotting '-'' riug as muoh as possible, and to make no . ;i concessions to it ; thoy keon tho turf' as dia tmct from it as, they can; 1 A gentleman may r*?(frs. ,orso to 8atiafy some of his friends,, tout the idea of running to please the public or tho ring is obsolete. . , , -, , . . . ; . AV for the real .offenders.canght red-handed and found nuUty of dishonest practices, deal :» suinmanly nsyon liko with these, and you canudt deal too severely ; ; men will break the eighth commandment as well as tho others, mill you can't stop them from breaking it, but you can. stop;them from beimjjoumlout and repeating the trick. The old law of tho Marches and tho Dobateablo land was the sunniest and tho best. ' A stout rope and a short slmft,'nnd many a cattle-lifting reiver whohas sung ' ' His neck- verse at Hairibaree ' was a more respectable member of- socioty than tho Welshor who fattens on a doad-'un. I-eupposo thero always will be' dead 'uns ' etc.,; while racing exists and steeplechasiug . fares no bettor. The ghouls and vampirei of the turf must xrarsue their unhallowed avocationiwithheartsunsoftenedandappotites unap.poased by tho corpses literal which some times accompany, tho latter sport to leud a sad feahty to the corpiei metaphorical, which swell their motallic cemeteries. I may bo excused for digressing for a mo ment to express my rogrot for tho accident jvhich happened to Kangaroo, though I don't know his owner's name even. A cood iud'o mtormocl mo thnt he had seen the horse often an his work, that he fuUy belioved him to bo good enough on the flat to run, for a Cham pion .Race, and that a child might steer him over any country, tho bigger; the bettor for him. Taking it for granted that his friends may have overrated him just a trifle, ho was certainly tho grandest cross-country horso I over set eyes on (in my opinion). I saw him for a, fow seconds just beforo the start for his tost and last race in public, and I thought it ?was all over. A rather spirited song appeared ?»; noon aftor the ' Kettledrum ' Derby in ono of tho English magazines. Strangely enough, the lines in which tho fate of Merry's 'Dun- dee ]are compared to that, of his jiamesako, Graham, of Ciaverhouse,, were ringing in my hoad as I watched Kangaroo stridinc by tho stand. ' ? ? \ ; ' 9}}L tIicn' ns ho waved his bonnet, anQ took Jtidlnsr away, a farewell look At tho castle that orowris Diine'dih ' ? ^?;ol-'/smcn of ' C'nvers ? had little reck ? ?,... O/.the sloaan, ending incarnnachl On thebays that his blood mutt redden I' I consider the death of Kangaroo a real loss to the public. Wo can spares bad man much better than a good,. horse— Xequiescatl ? The uplands of Dowling'Forest are pleasant, and the shadows of tho gum-trees are cool aud shelterhiL'. I hive heard steenlechasintr called cruel. I fancy almost every Bport is a little mt cruel, but I have seen more cruelty in a day's angling than ever I did in a year's ateepleehasine,' and ten times moro in an hour s bullock-driving. Horses probably en joy Ufa as much as their masters. Why not ? They havebetterdigestions as a rule, as well as better consciences, but then horseflesh is heir to many ills, and death from old ago is scarcely a pleasant prospect for , a domestic animal; - I might write you an epitaph on tho subject to which I allude, but, you know, Kangaroo is not a pretty name, though ono easy to find a rhymo for. ' The ' wild kan garoo '—playful, but scarcely poetical— it still has one great advantage, oven Artemus Ward' can spell it. As a specimen of tho way in which an uncommon name is mutilated and mangled by colonial scribes, I may men tion Conopus,1 an Adelaide horso originally, 4hat afterwards ran in Victoria. Fvo seen the name spelt Cornopus, Cornopius, Cornu bius, Cornucopius, Cornbin, and Cornpins, But I never saw it spelt correctly. I won't jnvo you the Greek spelling of tho word— Canoptis was tho pilot of the Bhip iu whioh 'Ulysses sailed. Not very interesting, all this; but true, oh Bell! If thero bo any truth in the doctrine of the transmigration of souls, I fancy 'the odds are very long against tho ghost of Kangaroo ever re-animating tho corpse of a Welsher or a calumniator. But ? let us return to our sheep, though somo of them aro very black- ones, and from the residue thero is moro cry than wool. Why (you ask) havo I inflicted upon you this tirade of bad grammar and worso logic ? .Because I want an answer to a plain question — here it is. Did the person or persons who entered Mr. Faris's horso Blueskin for tho jjauaarac urana .National lay or causo to bo laid any money directly or indirectly against the aforesaid Blueskin for the aforesaid race? 3 say No to this as emphatically as I can, and if you or any other man can convince me that I am wrong I will sign any apology you may dictate; or failing to do this, will do some thing equally desperate ; but I tell you be forehand that I go upon . a certainty, as I do lappen to know the particulars of Blueskiu's ?ntry. ' A false and Bcnrrilous libel like the ono that appeared in your Sydney namesake, in re The Dane versus Exile, is beneath tho notice ol any rational man; but when articles bearing respectable signatures im pute ?ross dishonesty to gentlemen of un blemished integrity in the pages of a first class paper, then tho evil becomes too serious to be passed over. How can tho '4urf thrive if men of honour and reputa tion cannot meddle with it without incur ring the stigma not of incapacity,' nor even of partiality alone, but of deliberate fraud ? I say. deliberato fraud, because I hold that the man who enters a horso which he Joiows will -not run, and then lays against liim, is guilty of a theft as ' systematic, though1 moro pusillanimous, as that of the highwayman, who cries — 'Stand and de liver!' In a enso of this sort the accuser may be lieve that the charge which he prefers is not -without foundation,' but this is not enough ; he should take tho trouble to make himself sure of his facts before he blackens his neighbour's character bya random statement. He may do more harm than ho can possibly repair, besides setting a bad example to any libellous buffoon who is only too leady to follow such a lend. Charges un supported by one iota of evidence, and totally void of foundation, are suro to fall through. They may die a natural death, but the ovil which they do lives after them. Tho wooden part of tho shaft is withdrawn. '.»»»'« ? ? Ossasod Inter Fcrrens ad costas alto stat vulncro uiucro.' When, after performing a circuitous route, and subsequent to tho many delays attendant upon branch mails and potty post-offices, ?which don't dovetail, this letter finally Teaches its destination ; the topics to which I liavo alluded will perhaps bo things of tho past. This I can't help. My copy of 2?eM lias not yet come to hand. I may inform you that though tho Great Western was run on the 24th, and this is tho 29th, I fanby BtiU I have not the remotest idea of tho result. I did hope to have been at Coleraine (on busi ness, of course), but it didn't dovetail. I make a point of always reading Belts Life, and also tho AuslraUisian, my friends' copies ?which I borrow -with religious exactness. I regret to state that my friends in this part of the world are so. backward in civilisation that Bell to them is a sealed book as yet. Thero is a copy of the Australasian in tho township, and, the day before . yesterday I took a cruise in search of it. I got on the scent near-, the chapel, and finally ran' my quarry to earth in a dwell Lng- houso, whore a most respectable elderly lady — (I; beg her pardon, a most respeotablo lady of a cortairi jure)— was perusing it' (tho Australasian) through her spoctaolea. ' ' . In the course, of converaation. I managed to conceal tho specs, about my person, and subsequently volunteered to road aloud to her ; being unable to find - tho ' miss ing barnacles, sho complied, and I. beam at 'The Turf'; instead of at 'The Ladies' Column,', and having got the lead, jumped off at scoro and;, mado. strong, riuining through the best i part .of a page T-ef ore 'she was well;upon her legs ;tho sequel is soon? told, I was' ;collaredr and brought to grief, the specs fell ..from my pocket and'wbro smashed,, upon ;which I took to my. hoels, ?without. the,,^ papor,, hotly pursued- by a small but vicious poodle, providentially ho {the poodle)', was a confirmed roarer, bo sides ' being . .'manifestly . short of work, otherwise it .jpigbt have fared ? worso with jmo; asitwoB/Laidn'tget off quite scatheless, ., . ,-.; i-i. i y.. i'-'d '. |l! ; ?'? ?' ? , i for the brute had a decided turn of speed,, though I doubt his staying qualities oven if ho could bo sjot to stand, a preparation., I havo since thought seriously about an action assault in a dwelling-house, etc , damages— but I have not yet talceu legal advico. ? / . Alas! for tho frailty of tho fleah; if I had only bided my timo -sho might havo asked, mo to tea, and ' my patiouco might havo been rewarded. Who knows ! But let any sportiug man considor my case. . Total. ab- stiuenco from all turf intelligence for nearly ten days ; and then tho sequel, to havo the eup so rudely dashed from my lips. The feast of reason and tho flow of —what d'ye call it ?— ' Playboy,' to wit, and 'The General.' . Oh, scissors j;- Talk about tho pursuit of knowledgo under dif ficulties. Should auy gentleman whom I havo over libelled read this, I'm ; suro ho will sympathise with mo and pull me for a libel, making the summons fall duo for tbo noxt Cup Meeting,' or the Hunt Races (if he can't wait so long), and pay my ox penses, in whioh coso I shall transport myself, packed with . caro— this sido up wards, and give him overy , redress into the bargai-i , short of an apology dictated by himself.— Yours, MOSS TROOPER. [At tho time the abovo letter was for ' warded, the writer living many miles away from Melbourne, did not know that tho Blueskin matter had been settled, but although his remarks on that subject may bo somewhat superfluous, the general cha racter of tho articlo is. suoh that wo think our readers will derive'. pleasuro from.perus ingit.— Ed.] .... i, ..,,..., .;.. . 