SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. HOPSOVS BAY. SAILED.—ARGPIT -.8. Bombay, B.AL&S.;, for Go'le. rnojE<~rnn r>EPAimniEs. FOB LOSDOJ:.—E.«sex. C9ih Ang-ust; Anglesey 12th September • Lincolnshire, 3l-th September, Kosciusko, early. Fv.B r.TVEnpooL.—La£y Darling, e., early. FOB Hntmn—Tararau, 27th August; Cnion earlr - - Foa ADELAIDE.—Coorong. 24th August; Alexandra, U4th August. F..B \VIHCTJ?RRAS.—(From Ecltnca), Cnmberoona e irlv. " FOB Sis Fsascisco.—(Via Newcastle) Surprise, earlv. THE BIEEDCATCHEBS OF BENGAL—These bird etchers are probably llie most skilful ill their particular vocation of any i p'e ia the wi-rld. They ase no other implements than birdlimed rrdsfor cpturing their game. It matters little how wild tlnir destined victim is, or how high seated ; wiJ. nothing bnt a bundle of hollowreetls or bumboos, a miserable rag round his loins, and a little pot of bird lime, the boolboolia steals after his prey so silently and cunningly and ns to loll the suspicions of the most wary bird. His naked duaby body is scarcely perceptible in. the jangle, and soon succeeds in reaching the foot of the tree on which his quarry*is perched. When thi-re, he slowly, notBelessIftjJuid deftly Ores together j"int after joint of bis^inSirig rod, which thus increases in.length, and gradually approaches the bird. The latter takes litile'need of the thin snpple twig worming its way upward throngb the leaves, rill the tenacious lime has readied and fixed him to "the rod. Wueu thus entrapped, the bird is eitfcer brought cautiously down by the reserved process of unfixing each j •)int, or the boolboolia climbs the tree and seizes the fiuttercr with his hands or a small light noose.—The Field. FLEET WEDDINGS.—Having chosen the tavern or m image bouse at which-they would be united —n^t an e;'sy choicc to make, we imagine, taking into consideration the counter representations of rival tooters—the couple would be shewn, with their friends, into that chamber of tiie estabiisiiuimt allotted to matrimony—a roiirn doubtless redolent with the perfumes of spirits and tobacco. Any misgivings which might aiise in the minds of the candidates for marriage as to the validity of the solemnities about to take place, were dispelled by the appeararce of the parson, whose manner was important and dignified, and who had attired himself in thoroughly orthodox (although somewhat dirty) canonicals. What did it matter that r'le reverend pries .'s nose was somewhat red, en-i that the hand in which he held the book •was suggestively tremulous ? He was in orders; be had Dcen at Oxford; and—he read, at least, as t-ne hiving authority. Meanwhile the spirits i f all concerned had been duly supported with liquor, which it was of course the landlord's interest to circulate as freely as possible. Sup j"t> n » the picuuiosity <>f the uf the Lridegro'-m to i'e sufficientls obvious, the service proceeded without any allusion on thep-irt <-f the reverend t-riesi to the q-ifStion of fees. If, however, the s.>1 v*>iicy of the husband elect naa open to doubt we 1.13V fic sure that the jersu:i, Iiefore comjilcu.it the ceremony, came to a definite under- E t i» , i!i:i({ with bim as to the trrms. As we thai! Iieret.fttr see, the service was • fteti l»ft unfinished becinse an amount of money sufficient to m«et ti e cstric-d ideas was not forthcoming. The B-iivice read was of course that of the Church of E'lglind—although probably a modified aud abbreviated version of it. At the cnuraience- —so rendered as to lend to the conclusion that references to the Deity were, when practicable, omitted,. For instance, in the passage which bcci m.'ianies the giving of (he ring, the inv^cttinn worded in tiie Prayer- book thus,—''In the Jiauie of.the Father aud of the S.in, and <.f thi Il^Iy Ghost"—is filtered into the | lirase, ' From this time forth for ever more. Amen aud the promiKe given by man and wotu.n to hold "ncnrdiug to God's holy ordinance" is rendered siini'lv, "according to law." It was only to be expected that the parsons would reduce the directly religious portions of the service to the smallest possible limits. A clerk was generally present at tile ceremony to say the Amens. He w»s either a person regularly employed for the purpose by the clergyman, or a pot-boy or some «KUer utvern fuuetiouary fetched in for the occasion. Sometimes the proprietor of the liKir.i ige-house himself acted in this capacity, •ami k;ptthe register also. Occasionally a woman w.is suddenly called upon to officiate as clerk. _ The ceremony over, the parson made a note in his pocket-book; this entty heing subsequently transcribed into a larger and more ri-yul-r register, which might belong either to the p-irson or the marriage-honse keeper. In some-cases the insertion was made in the pages of the more bulky volume direct But this inserti -n, it would seem, never took place at all unless it was specially paid for; it was omitt-id, ton,' on those occasions when it was desired i hat the marriage should be kept entirely secret It possible, the parson now sold a certificate of the event which h»d just taken place, to the parties married ; and tliey were, generally shaking, desirous of obtainingsach a document. Considerable efforts were made to render the uenificdies legal aud impressive in appearance. In many cases forms were printed npon sheets of vel.urn, which sheets were each beaded with ai impnsiii|r .engraving of the Eoyal Arms. A form such ns these were now produced and filled in. The fee demanded for the certificate varied. iik* die marriage-tees themselves, according to circumstances. In pursuance of that simple ra e which guided the entire conduct of the Fleet parsons in ail pecuniary affairs, the pritdt Ijok as milch for it as .he could get And now. if he were in a position to afford it, and assuming the marriage to have occurred at a tavern, the biidejirooni treated the wedding- I mri y to a rej «ust. The feast was not of a refined •de6<.:i(itiuu. On account, however, of the large q"a*:tity of punch and other drinks consumed at the entertainment,' it was a portion of the proceedings in which the landlord took a vivid interest,- «nd .we may imagine: him always endeavoring to' promote the festivities. The parson, too, who was generally , present at these feasts, doubtless regarded such conviviality as an important item-in a wedding, programme. -And here we mast close our description; for the • -r^ies thatoften followed were ofacli&racter; such BP cannot be described in these pages.—Cam/itW ! Magazine. ? THE ALPHABET OR REQUISITES FOB A WIFE.— (By an elderly Bachelor).—A wife should be unliable, affectionate, artlessj' afiablfs, ;accomplished, beautiful, benign, benevolent, chaste, charming, candid,"cheerful, complaisant, chari- ' ta' ile,' civil, co -starit, dutifnl, dignified, elegant, eH8y,engttging,entertJiiuingfond,good,gracefu', generous, g<,veruabic; 7 good-humoured, haild- B.'ni", harmless, healthy, Heavenly- minded, bitel igei:t, interesting,.'industrious, qustyldnd, liv^v, li'iejal, lovely,. modest, merciful, xnan- : JieVly. n»at, notable, obedientj obliging, pretty, • cuuioit^ive, «e!i8ible,,temperate, tme, virtuous, welllormed. ; and -jrountj: When 1 mret with a woman jiossessed of ill ahtse requisites I will mnfty. ••• -i'L'.'..' :.:.:...•• i.:; r.: .>• •; ••'.• •••••<• : • -AS INVENTION, 'designed esA^proteclionto a fireman*;on Ins entrance intoalnlhiing room, recenti^-been tested in Quebec.- It-consists lot a finbly ^e^orated brass bill 1,' afctaclied lo the Snnerfixtremttyof thebrassnoziie otthelose, ^hichjict8.«s Kfl^poweiIul rosette, .throwing' a heavy ray lrom lis person, while lieIs directing >the main stream upon the fire before bun, thus rtnothenng the fi-jnes all aroand the liolder'B body- ' ? ? 