THE MERCURY. THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 18, 1867 A. MR. J. H. STELLA has lately published a book under the title of " London Pauperism among Jews and Christians, of which it would be well for the government of Tasmania and the managers of our different benevolent societies and other charitable institutions to possess themselves as early as they can. It is a reprint of certain letters which have appeared from time to time in one of the London reviews, and from what we saw of those letters at the time of their first publication, and from what we see of the notices of them in their present form, we should say that they contain a number of very useful practical hints on the best methods of dealing with the poor of which all should be glad to avail themselves. " The idea of the book seems to be to force upon our notice the contrast between Jews and Christians in their mode of dealing with the poor,-" very much to the disadvantage of the latter." That is the account we get of the book, and to this, it is added :-" Whatever may be the difficulty of applying on a large scale some of the methods by which the Jews assist the poorer members of their body, there can be no doubt that we may learn many useful principles from their example. For considerable results have been actually obtained, in the face of some serious difficulties, by a private organisation, whilst, our own official machinery for grappling with pauperism has on the whole been a failure." It is to the English poor-law system that reference is chiefly made in the last sentence of the foregoing. But the same charge of failure may be attributed to other descriptions of" official machinery for grappling with pauperism" besides the English poor law system. We might attribute it, for instance, to much of what is being done here with regard to the relief of the poor, both by the government and others, without being suspected, we hope, of a desire to impute blame where no blame really exists, or where people, at any rate, do their best according to their present lights. But this we shall best bring out, perhaps, by reference to the " official machinery " employed by the Jews in London for the relief of their poor. Up to 1859, the Jewish charities in London were as badly organised as any other charities, and the consequence was that much of the relief extended to the poor was as good as thrown away. It neither lessened the amount of pauperism, nor bridged over the ever widening gulf between the rich and the poor. But they have since then had a Central Board of Guardians, to whom the entire charge of the poor among thorn is remitted. And Mr. STKLL.VHD gives us a most interesting account of the principle by which this board is mainly guided in distributing relief, as also of the way in which it carries on its operations. These we are obliged to take second-hand, but they are not on that account any the less valuable, inasmuch as we get them from a reliable source. "The main purpose of all intelligent relief," says the reviewer of Mr. STELDAKD'S book, " is to put the person relieved in the way of becoming independent of relief for the future. In order to do this effectually the Jewish guardians have a visiting committee of gentlemen, each of whom takes care of a certain number of pauper families, and whose advice as to their treatment is received by the central board. In cases of necessity, where the persons relieved are presumed to be really anxious for work, they are helped with great liberality until they become self supporting and in all cases, they are presumed to be honest, until they are proved to be impostors the contrary being the rule of the English poor-law guardians. There are a number of subsidiary institutions, which come to the aid of the paupers under the direction of the central body. Thus, for example, many of the Jews were employed in trades which suffered from the introduc- tion of sewing-machines. The only chance of relieving them permanently was either I to remove them to other occupations, or to teach them to use the machines themselves. A number of machines were accordingly issued under certain stringent rules. The borrower had to repay the cost of the machine by small weekly instalments; he had to find sureties for fulfilling his engagements, and for proper treatment of the machine and he had to obtain a certificate of competency, with a view to which some member of the family was generally educated at the depot of the manufacturer. The borrower is regularly visited during the time of repayment, and is encouraged to perform his contract punctually by a small remission in the price. The result of this system is stated to be that the committee have now £1,500 worth of sewing-machines lent out to the poor, and that only one machine has been unfairly dealt with, and that hundreds of families have been rescued from pauperism." Here we have the main principle then by which we should be guided in all our attempts at charitable relief, with one form of the modus operandi set out at length. To all rules, there are, of course, exceptions, and to this no less than to others. For in stance, there are the feeble and infirm to whom this would not apply. They must be relieved at all risks, and without regard to the time at which they may cease to be burdensome. All our better instincts point to that. But there is no reason why any other class of persons, whether males or females, applying for assistance, should not be required in some way to help themselves, or why they should not be taught to do so. We should be far from recommending the adoption of the English poor-law principle, which insists on no one not willing to come into the workhouse having any claim to relief We would, in fact, have no tests, beyond the bare fact of the applicants for relief being in really destitute circumstances, and of such applicants being well recommended. But when so applied to for relief, those in charge of. any funds voted by parliament, or raised in any other way for that purpose, should make it their business to inquire how in administering them they can make those who apply for them independent of relief for the future. We are not at all concerned to say in what way this should be done, whether by hiring out sewing-machines, or by setting the applicants to work at something the. But that it should be done in some way or other appears to us in the highest degree desirable. Anything would be better than our present mode of administering relief. The sum voted for this purpose last session will, we understand, be altogether insufficient. In- stead of the expenditure being covered by £1,700, it will amount to nearly £3,000. And although we have no reason for supposing that every inquiry has not been made into the character of the applicants, we may, we think, go so far as to say, that few, if any of them, are in any better circumstances now, than when they were first relieved. The money has, in fact, been as good as thrown away, and in some cases, no doubt, on very worthless objects. Nor do we wish to limit our remarks to the disbursements of the money placed at the disposal of the government for this purpose They are just as applicable to the disbursements of some of our charitable institutions, although not perhaps to the same extent. In this, amendment is doubtless required, and let us hope that it will shortly be made. We want something better than mere spasmodic efforts at relief, and the government should be the first to set the example. A well-organized system, placed under the control of a board of gentlemen full of love for their work, would be infinitely better than that now adopted, and far cheaper in the end. WE alluded not many days back to the way in which the business in the legislative assembly in New South Wales had been opened this session. In the debate on the appointment of a chairman of committees for the session, honorable members, on both sides of the house, gave themselves latitude enough. Even then, their remarks were in the highest degree personal and offensive. But when they came to the debate on the Governor's salary reduction bill, they outstepped the bounds of all decency. Mr. MARTIN opposed the motion for the second reading of this bill and, after much discussion on the subject, Mr. DIGNAM sought to cut the matter short by calling attention to the state of the house. For this, he was remonstrated with by Mr. MACPHERSON, who was speaking at the time, when up started Mr. DIGNAM again, and delivered himself in some such strain as this What ! Well, now, if that ain't cool. Why, Mr. Speaker, the honorable gentleman's so infatuated yes, infatuated ; that's the word-(Laughter)-that he shows his tooth and barks-aye, but he don't bite; you can't got him to do anything. I am a Government supporter me I that's rich. (Renewed laughter.) Because, Air. Speaker, knowing your uneasy State ; knowing how you've been sweating in that ere big chair of yours ; knowing this, I'm to the bed as a Government supporter because I stop him. (Suppressed laughter.) I respect you, Mr. Speaker, and I won't see you murdered by these long-winded speeches. (Laughter.) I care not for him. I've too much respect for myself to care for any man, I have and when I sees a man like this that wants to have his eye teeth drawn out of his mouth-(kughtor)-when I sees a man blustering away for nothing when one's feelings are hurt it does good to see him pulled up and I think I'm quite right in stopping his gas. The Guv'nor, of What does he want with the Guv'ner P Leave Sir John alone. He's got his card that more does he want P I say anybody as'll give a feed-let em alone. It's none of your bullock's liver and lights this time, eh P The former Government never gave a feed you know that, Mr. Speaker, eh P That forms part of the Empire's parliamentary report on the subject on the following day. But the Herald appears to have thought it of sufficient importance to lift Mr. DIQNAM'S deliverance on this occasion out of their parliamentary report, and to dignify it with a place among the news of the day. The Herald's report is rather more extended than the one given above, but it is substantially the same. We give it from that journal of the 6th inst., with what precedes and follows: The following is the exordium of the speech in the course of of delivery, yesterday, in the Legislative Assembly, when Mr. Windeyer directed the attention of Mr. Speaker to " Strangers in the House." " Mr. Speaker, the hon. member for Central Cumberland has got so infatuated that he barks at any bite, and shows his nose at anything like a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr. Speaker, that the hon. member is not to he held. You can't get him at anything. What am I to do if I am a government supporter, because, forsooth, I ask you, knowing the state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair, and seeing the way they are going on with him P I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here he is because forsooth, I ask a question he turns round and say, I'm one of the government rags ; one of the government tripe coves-bullock and lights, or anything else. He wants to make a mass of much of my name. I do not care for the government or him. I am such a sort of infatuated feel that I don't care for myself or anybody else. In this question I was not advised nor was I requested by the government to take the question of the vacant house or the want of members, but when I see a man like that is, that wants to have his eye teeth drawn out, or cut out, or something else, and put into a state of being civilised, or something of this kind, why, any hon. member as feels his dignity hurt by the way in which this man is running down goring and running inland thoroughbred follows we are obliged to put him out obliged to do it, and I think I am doing my duty in just stopping his gas. The hon. member who moved the motion : there is no member in this House, Mr. Speaker, so fond, I believe, of himself, as he is. He knows it and I accuse him although he is the Government outside man. But still what does he want to do with the Governor t Leave him alone. Leave Sir John alone. Why, bless my soul ! He's got a card or somebody else has to a food. Anybody that'll give a food, leave him alone that's what I say. But those people who used to be John knows where (it's very well for him to gammon to be asleep) they never used to give a feed. You know that, Mr. Speaker, as well as I do." The reporters and other " strangers" were here ordered to withdraw, and the Noachian operation having been performed, in regard to the ' hon. member's oratory, his style of speaking was called in question, whereupon it is said that the remonstrance was threatened with the vigorous application of a big stick. After this, we must we fear, yield the palm to New South Wales, instead of re- serving it for America. Such flights of oratory were, at all events, seldom, if ever, ! exceeded in the latter place. We may occasionally have met with something more sanguinary and bloodthirsty in its tone, but never with anything more essentially vulgar. Of what took place when the " Noachian operation," as the reporter calls it, of shutting up the ark, had been performed, we know no more than that Mr. DIGNAM " was threatened with the vigorous application of a big stick." But where was the SPEAKER all the time ? What sort of persons must those have been by whom Mr. DIGNAM was surrounded not to have called the SPEAKER'S attention to what was going on And how was it that the SPEAKER did not of his own motion stop Mr.' DIGNAM before he had proceeded so far ? It seems to us to have been a case that required much more prompt treatment than that of its being allowed to go on until the SPEAKER'S attention was called to the presence of a stranger in the house. But they have their own ways of conducting business there, and must not be found fault with. Occasionally, they have a fling at Tasmania, but we must not think of returning the compliment. It is, however, a source of gratifica- tion to us to think that they would not, if they even laid themselves out for find anything so positively disgraceful as as this to fling back upon us. We may have an ill-advised expression or two, which gives rise to a scene in the house occasionally. But we have no recollection of any man having ever been allowed to proceed in such a strain of contemptible vulgarity as that given above. It is perfectly shocking to think that any man in the position of a legislator should so demean himself, or that those around should allow him to do so. By acting thus, Mr. DIGNAM has not only disgraced himself, but also the legislature of which he is a member. This will not only be remembered against him, but also against those with whom he is associated. It will, moreover, be carried home, and be quoted against the whole of these colonies as a proof of their unfitness for responsible government. If our colonial legislators had no other motive for putting a bridle on their tongues than the avoidance of this, that of itself should be sufficient. Town HALL OUOAS.-A meeting of the Town Hall Organ Committee was held yesterday afternoon in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, when there were present Messrs. E. C. Newell, in the chair, S. Sheehy, J. Walch, H. Witherington, H. Hunter, F. A. Packer, H. L Roberts, H. D. Church, and J. Fockor. The minutes of the former meeting were duly confirmed. Mr. F. A. Packer, who acted as secretary in the absence of Mr. Wilkinson, read a letter which had been written by Mr. Hunter, in pursuance of a resolution passed at a former meeting, to Mr. J. W. Walker, organ manufacturer of No. 27 Francis- street, London, in which Mr. Hunter on behalf of the committee gave Mr. Walker an order to proceed with the construction of an organ at a cost of £700 as per specification formerly sent by him, provided he would be willing to accept an immediate draft for £400, a further draft of £200 on the delivery of the organ, and the balance of the total cost within a period of twelve months. Mr. Walker's reply received by the last mail was also read to the effect that he would be happy to construct the organ, but, that owing to the increase in the wages paid to the trade and for other reasons, he could not complete such an instrument as he had originally specified for at the present time under an advance price of £105, which would make the total cost £805. He said he should proceed with portions of the work, subject to the answer of the committee by return of mail, and also expressed a hope that the committee would endeavour to pay up the purchase money by the time the organ is completed in the factory. In a former letter Mr. Walker had referred to the fact that he had been honored with many foreign orders, and among others had completed a very fine organ, about the size required by the committee, for Mr. Philpott's music hall, Melbourne Mr. Packer now read a letter from Mr. Pringle, organist, of Melbourne, in which he stated that Mr. Philpott's organ was a glorious instrument, by Walker of London, and was now in his hands for sale the prices being £850, half of which would be received by approved bills. Mr. Packer said he had compared the specification of Mr. Philpott's organ with that of the proposed new one and they were almost identical. After discussion the committee were of opinion that Mr. Philpott's organ might be the most suitable, and the least expensive, as the cost of freight from England would be saved. Mr. Packer said he had written for full particulars, and hoped to receive them in the course of the week. The meeting was then adjourned until Wednesday next at half-past four o'clock, for the purpose of further consider- ing the matter. MEDICAL NEWS We are pleased to learn that Mr. George Stokell, a native of the colony, and son of Dr. Stokell, of Hobart Town, who proceeded to England some time since, for the completion of the studies necessary to qualify him for the profession of which his father is a member, has succeeded in passing some very creditable examination, and obtaining the following qualifications, viz Licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians, London, Doctor of Medicine, Edinburgh university, member of the Royal College of Surgeons, England, and Licentiate of the Apothecaries' Company, London. THE LOST DEER. We learn that the book which was at large in the Queen's Domain, and the search for which gave the hunters so much trouble a week or two since, has found its way to its mate at Sandy Bay, and was seen near the watch-house enclosure, where she was kept last evening. This is a singular instance of animal instinct, as the back must have followed many a cross trail in finding its way such a distance. We believe the garrison harriers are to seek a day's sport with him to-day, meanwhile we hope that persons living in the locality will not molest the animal. SYDNEY FLOODS DISTRESS RELIEF FUND. A consort in aid of the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the late severe floods in Sydney is to be given in the Town Hall on Monday, the 22nd instant, under the joint conductorship of Messrs. Tapfield and Packer. Single tickets are to be charged 3s. and family cards to admit four 10s. each. The object of this concert is, we feel sure, one which must commend itself to every generous heart in the community, and we expect to see such an overflowing audience on the occasion as will ensure a handsome sum to be forwarded to the relief committee CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY-At entertainment was given by members of this Society Passover ing at St. Peter's Temperance Hall. There was a reading of Oxonford's comedy of " The Family Failing," followed by selections from different authors. Among the audience were several of the clergy, and number of ladies, but the hall was not above a third filled. The loadings appeared to afford satisfaction, and were much applauded. MECHANICS' INSTITUTES vocal and instrumental concert is to be given at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, in aid of the funds. Mr. Packer will conduct, and a varied and interesting programme will be submitted. BELLERIVE SOCIAL INSTITUTe -A dramatic reading is to be given at the Bellerive Social Institute this evening. by Mr. J. Mcintyre and ladies and gentlemen from Hobart Town. The pieces selected are " Poor Cousin Walter," and " Nine Points of the Law." Several songs will be sung during the evening. BETHESDA WORKING MEN'S CLUB Mr. T. Borlase will give some humorous readings at the Bethesda this evening, commencing at half-past 7 o'clock. ECCE ROMOLA very beautiful old oil painting of the " Ecce Homo" has been on view for some days in Mr. Doyle's shop, Murray-street. It is a fine copy after Carlo Dolce, and is worthy the attention of connoisseurs . DIPHTHBIUA.-We regret to hear that a very serious case of diphtheria in its worst form is now in the general hospital, the patient being a girl about fourteen years of age. LETTERS posted yesterday insufficiently stamped Mr. Meadows, Post Office, Glenorchy ; Sirs. Fulny Basket Maker, Brown's River; Mrs. Margaret Smith, Lovely Banks. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE. John Nicholson, Esq., of Camelford, inflicted a serious wound on himself with a penknife, whilst '" a state of delirium during Sunday night. It was not discovered until about a seven or eight o'clock on Monday morning. He is alive, but not out of danger.-Litwictito» Times. 