I To the Editor of tht Sudnev Mail. Sn.1 — Will yon have the kindness to allow me spies in your valuable journal for the following. Baving bad occsEion to attend a pound sale on the 18th ins test, and having bid for a horse tnat was put up far sals under the Impounding Act, you will greatly oblige ms, as well ss tbe neighbourhood at large in this district, by answeriEg the undermentioned questions. 1\. Whether a poundkeeper, or his sureties, or ia fact any person interested in obtaining him the situation, has any light to bid, purchase, or canse to be purchase!, for the eaid poundkeeper ? 2\. Whether or not a police magistrate is empowered to issue a summons in the above case, where it can be proved, beyond doubt, tbat tbe Donndkeeper himself was the actuil purchaser of the horse ? Your attention to this, will oblige, WILLIAM BA.E, Narrabri, 1 9ih July. [By the Impounding Act, of 18C5, section 29, it is cnai-iea that ' the poundkeeper or bis surety or any Justice ordering the sale shall if he purchase any animal sold bs liable to a penalty net exceeding twenty pounds.'] Memof.ial to the Late De. Bichabd G seek of, Castle Bill — The foundation stone of the chancel to b* erccted to the memory of the late Dr. Greenup was laid on 'Wednesday last by bis daughter, Miss Jane Maiy Greenup. The service commenced in the church, al 11 o'clock. The prajers lo Ihe end of the Litany were read by the incum bent, tbe Bev. Henry H. Britten ; and the lessons for the day by the Rev. W, WooSd and the Hev. W. Lumsdrans. An appropriate, sermon wss preached by Ihe Rev. E. L. King from Rev. vii., 14-15. A collection wss mads after th9 sermon, end tbe sentences and nrayer far the Church Militant were read by the Bev. George Barlow. At ths close of this service ihe ceremony of laying the foundation stcne commenced. The stone was laid with this declaration ' Forasmuch as the addition now to be made to tfiis church is to the glory of God and for tbe benefit of Hia people, aui doubling not that fie accepteth our purpose, I lay this stcne in the name of the ever blessed and holy Trinity, the Father, the Sen, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The people responded, and' said ' And may tbe glorious majesty of the Lord our God be ! upon us. Prosper thou tbe work of our hands upon us; Gn ! prosper Ihon our bandy work.'— Pa. xc. 17. Mr. A. L. M'Dougall then read a copy of the scroll, whioh was : placed in tbe cavity of the stone, with a copy of tbe Sydney Mmnir.g Herald, the Church of England Chronicle, and tbe Parriifnatla Mercury, as follows ' On this day, tbe 24th of Jnly, ad., 1867, the foundation stone ot this chancel now to be erected, to tbe memory of the late Richard Greenup, Esq , M.D., was laid by his daughter | Jane Mary Greenup. Several of the friends of ths iate Dr. Gresr up, beipg desirous of erecting something to his memory which would be conformably to his . testes and Actions, decided to add this Chancel, to this his parish church, to the building of which he bad largely contributed, and in which he constant!; took a lively inter eat.' The incumbent of I tbe parish and the trustee of the church, the builder, and committee were named on the scroll. Mr. M'Dougall then | stated tbat £240 was the airount of the builder's contract; end that something more than one third of that sum would be expended on [ the chancel. The whole had already been subscribsd ia the colony and in England ; but more would be needed for in ternal furniture and deooratien. An address was delivered by the Rev. W. Lumsdame, who speke in an interesting and striking manner, from his knowledge of the late Dootor, ef the suitability of tbe memorial. A hymn sung to the air I of the Kalionol Anthem, by the audience, end a selection of collccts from tbe Litnrey, read bv the Rev. George Barlow, 1 terminated tbe proceedings. The size of the church at present is about 32 feet by 18. The new transept will be 40 fcy 18, and the memorial chancel) 18 by 12, Additional accommodation will thus be given for nearly 200 persons. . Ko. 5 ConrAKY, S, B. V.ft.— The ? annual meeting of .this company was held last Monday night, at the brigade Office. Prom tbe report of the committee for the past year, it sppesied Ibat the average attendancs at parades and company drills was fifteen per man. Seventeen recruits have joined, and have been dismissed drill. Prizes, to tbe value of £6 4s. 6d , have been shAt for at the quarterly meetings of the Rifle Club in connection with the -company. Tie silver oup was competed for at eight matches, sna was finally won by corporal Brewster. The annual courss off musketry instruction was attended by thirty members, nine of whom passed as marksmen, and twenty became first-class -shots. - They have1 also fired ia thirteen matches with other companies, of which nine were of ten men aside, .and four were. of twenty men aside. ' Of tbe fotuier, the company were the victors iu eight ; of the latter, one. .Two matches have been shot by recruits, in both of irtilch No. 5 were the victors. . The treasurer's accounts shewed that the company's fund was in debt £1 2s. 9d, ; end tbe Rifle Club, in hand, £8 0s. Sd. Private Daniel Gee was elected corporal. The committee for tbe next year was elected, consisting of the officers, non- commissioned officers, and Messrs. Brewster, J. BusbeUe, D' Arietta, Foskett, For ber, Cain, Gee; secretary, sod treasurer, A. Johnston. What Ss the differed ce betwecd ad orgadistad tho influcdr.at Wad dose the stops, the other stops the dose. 