LAW NOTICES-This Day.) in SUPREME COURT. EQUITY COURT. (Before Mr. Justice Molesworth.) Usual Thursday's business. COUNTY COURT. ADJOURNED CASES. Stevenson v. Grimwood, Bowman v. Martin, same v. Harwood, Raine v. King, Roulston v. Bills, Miller v. Mills, Dobson v. Powell, Brooks v, Nash, Ashton v. Turner, Knipe v. Probable. Box v. Wilson, O'Donovan v. Finlay, Grundy v. Wldgory, Robinson v. Glazor, Ninnis v. Williams, same v. Lovett, Cameron v. Lang, lands, Searle v. Patterson, Nowcoinor v. Poole, Hen- derson v. Wallach and another, Fulton v. Launt, Scott v. Williams, Francis v. Marks, Naylor v. Sweeny. TO-DAY'S PROPER LIST. Ashley v. Allen, Collin v. Smith, Erskine v. Stone ford, M'Leod v. James, Watson v. Palmer, Clarke v. Everard, Gordon v. Howard, M'Kenna v. Connor, Nathan v. Fowler, Fox v. Emm, Savill and another v. Grave, Nelson v. Gondlo, M'lvor Sluicing and Gold mining Company v. Hughes. At the Maryborough Circuit Court, the saddler, John Hunter, who stabbed Constable Conn with an and on the constable's taking him into custody for drunkenness, was found "Not Guilty" by the jury, who appeared to think that the wound was accidentally inflicted while the man was drunk. The following wild story is from a Lance- field paper : " In the neighbourhood of Rochford during the last week the inhabitants have been considerably frightened by what some superstitiously inclined call a ghost, and others a baboon. However, the animal, or whatever it is, seems to be invulnerable so far as lead is concerned, as seven or eight shots have been fired at him by marksmen who consider themselves very good ones within easy shooting distance. He as been several times seen in Mr. Massy's paddock, laying violent hands upon the sheep, several of which he has killed, but has always managed to make his escape unhurt. His last exploit was on Tuesday night, when he entered a hut, the door being open, advanced to the fire and warmed his hands, to the infinite terror of the wonder-stricken inmates. He then decamped," says our informant, ' without even saying a won].' No wonder that he did not speak, for, from the description given, it appears that the animal is a baboon," 