SOCIAL' AFFAIRS IN ENGLAND. ; (Written txprttily for this Jo rnal) . LONDON. OCTOBER 26. FiKiAmsM is no*, a '-very inviting topic. -Certainly it is nbt^, suhj.ctwith -which one Would| prefer com- ; mencing a letter intended to be read, ai a time when colonial folk's até'inéÜYlptepvmg for their 'Christinas festivities. " Sydney'.people^plhave small regard, for tidings breathing of revolvers and doggere at ¡a time when their ' thoughts are running more upon' festive parties, bolls, i and pleasure excursions. T/o ; talk of Fenian outrages at BUCH' a time very rnuoh -resembles playing, the parti of a grinning, ghastly1 skeleton at an Egyptian'; feast. But it cannot be 'helped. Men are not ¡allowed to oe J the choosers^ of events. They must take ; them, as they come. ;No doubt by the time thia letter reaches Sydney, all kinds of moBt alarming te1 egra m's wjil have been received and published >in the :calonial papers.'1 We flhaHhave d ilorusts'picturing the streets of London as bristling with bayonets, its public build- ings guarded with cannon, its policemen armed to the teeth with cutlasses and revolvers, and-we poor, Lon- doners, shivering in pale-faced terror at each fresh1'1 report of threatened Fenian atrociiieo. It is. really too bad. The extent to which this Fenian alarm is at present spreading in this country is perfectly ridiculous.'. More, it is dis- | graceful. It savours very much of the wild kind' | of panic which prevailed here when the infamous' Titus Oates, threw the kingdom into paroxysms pf alarm by his pretended revelations of the treasonable' designs of. misguided Roman Catholics. We are be-., coming as completely frightened ns ever were little children threatened by a miechievous nursemaid with a visit by "a black man our, of the coal-hole," and ; with evidently quite as little reason. This state bf afiuirs i'asproved quite a god-send to the legions pf . editors, whoBC dull season resources, in the shape pf gigantic specimens of the vegetable world, haye been ' used over and over again till the good, patient public . can stand it no longer. Very many of the'prevailing . alarms are distinctly traceable to the mischievous pro-, penslty ' poBbebsed by many persons for hoaxing others. Yet there is no doubt'of the fact that in this countrywe have n large number of rumanly-dös peradoes, and a still larger number of their pot-house . sympathisers, fully capable of perpetrating any atrocity, hewever 'senseless or audacious, as in the' case of the attack on the Manchester police van ; but anything like a successful outbreak' on their part is wholly out of the question. ' " Not only would thepe' fellows have to encounter the combined military and. civil forces of the' kingdom, but they would find themselves face to face with an infuriated population,' toe eager, we fear, to wreak their vengeance on the reckless disturbers bf their peace. History shows that it ia not by public-house conspiracies, cowardly assassinations, wanton outrages, on the persons and propnty of innocent individuals, fox-like skulking in ' dark holes and comers, or reckless disregard of the rights of property, that the social and political pro- gress of nations has been secured. Never had Irish questions such a fair chance of being fairly discussed as at present ; never was the Irish Church difficulty -Ireland's great trouble-nearer its solution. The more intelligent class of Irishmen, no matter what may be their social position, are shrewd enough to perceive this. Nay more, they are are 'cute enough" also to perceive that their unfortunate country for poor Erin has been unfortunate in her experiences -is far less likely to become great, prosperous, and glorious, under the rule of transatlantic rowdyism, men of- whom all good Americans are utterly ashamed, than under the sway of a Power which is daily growing more kind, enlightened, and liberal in ali its actions. Ireland's worst enemy could not have devised a plan more fatal to the brightening prospects of that country than this mad curse of Fenianism. English capital was beginning to flow into Ireland, native industries were beginning to employ large numbers of Erin's sons and daughters, and British tourists were beginning to find "that the Lake3 of Killarney were at leas' os attractive as the waters of Lucerne or Zurich-that the hills of Connemara were not less picturesque than those of Switzerland, when, lo! thete came a stern whisper-'* the Fenians ". and instantaneously the brightness of the picture hàd vanished. Every phase of the Fenian movement, especially in England, bears traces of its "rowdy" origin. It is not the kind of agitation that poor Emmett or the light-hearted O'Connell would haie cared to become identified with. With all their failings-and these were not a few-they, like the majority of their fellow countrymen, were too honourable-minded, too sincerely patriotic, ¡to hhve favoured a movement fermented by men whose principal haunts are low, reeking houses fre- quented by courtezans and people of infamous charac- ter. The green banner of Erin" was never intended to be draggled in the filth of vile Tom and Jerry shops, or to cover the nefarious designs of-men who use the " name of patriotism as an excuse for their insatiable ambition and greedy lust of gain. Unfortunately, the fruits of Fenianism are becoming apparent in the daily increasing antagonism between! the lower classes bf English and Irish here, despite the Fenian procli ? vitus of Mr. Odgers and other equally renowned ad- herents of the Reform League. This is our real danger. Fenianism, of itself, docs riot constitute more than a passing menace. The. authorities may be unprepared to cope with isolated and unexpected outrages such as that at Manchester ; or to ferret out Bloomsbury murderers, but there ie every reason for believing that the (government are in possession of ample information respecting the designs of the Fenian leaders, and have taken their precautions accordingly, so as to be prepared for the least con- certed outbreak. Nay, it is more than probable that but for the difficulty of procuring the requisite amount of legal evidence, the leaders would have been in custody long before this. Of course, we except Kelly and D easy, who are undoubtedly leading a most miserable life,' every outlet of the warren in which they lie concealed being most carefully watched by the police. They can trust no one. The man who shelters them to- day, to-morrow may be denouncing them to their ' pursuers. Fenianism is to Ireland what physical force Chartism was to England-a movement led by rogues, and supported by those too blind, too foolish, , to perceive the absurdity, the inutility, of their attempt. But enough of Fenianism. The papers will .furnish you with enough matter on that topic; therefore, let us tum to other and, if possible, more inviting topics.. Ever since the railings of Hyde Park suc- cumbed to the pressure of the crowd, the power of mob law has become mote and more felt. Like the -'lion which, having once tasted blood, longs for more, BO the mob-we do not mean the people or the work- ing olaeses-but the mob, having tasted a lit'le of its , real power, has imbibed a craving for a larger share, whether it be in the shape of an English Irish riot, a raid upon the police, or something equally exciting and mischievous ; anything, in fact, so long as law and order can for a time be success- fully set at defiance. What are we to do ? Suspend the Habeas Corpus Act ? Bead, ?' Riot Acts " every day? Fill our prisons with suspected rioters? Nothing of'the kind. Popular instinct haä hit on the true and ? infallible remedy. These lovers of disorder, the , ,breakers of park railings, the smashers of club win- dows, the men who wantonly trample on the rights of labour, aie precisely: those who, as' a class, never ac- quired even the rudiments of education.' 'Hence, the ? .vast importance which, the education; question has now assumed in this country. The. working-man perceives iii its extension the only possible safe-guard for his freedom of ' labour. . The capitalist finds) it necessary to press on the practical consideration ef the question before visionary theorists urge the mob into a war of cloeses. Everywhere, the question is being earnestly taken up by the real workers-not the talkers-of the social world. No indication more striking of the progress made by the Edu- cation movement can .be mentioned,. fthan¡ , that afforded.by the recent debate of the.Congregatiorial Union at Manchester. Mr. Baines, Dr. Vaughan, : Mr. Mosley, and other eminent members bf that body have at last modified, their views with-respect to a national system ' of ? education-; even Mr.; Edward Miall haß followed suit, and expressed his renuncia- tion of the opinions so long entertained by him., Itjis only fair to add that the energetic manner iii which/ the Australian coloniea'have taken up the matter 'of urisectarian education; has largely influenced public :ópinion ; here, i Mr.; Baines,' in his ; speech, said the following seemed to him " to be the principles which i .should guide legislation, expressed .both 'positivity and negatively.--1.' To! encourage and. stimulate education by all means consistent with freedom, but not to force it by penalties and police-the agencies of despotism. 2, To utilise the vast educational machinery now existing, and riot wantonly to sweep it away : to co-operate with': the tried friends of education, and riot to provoke their opposition. 3. To aid impartially- nil good schools, and neither to compel nor to prohibit religious in- struction. -1. To maintain an efficient inspection of aided tchools, and to pay only for the ascertained results of their work. 5. To allow free scope for the action of individuals and communities, in regard to schools, and not to establish a rigid system, either . governmental or .municipal.. .6., To stimulate the per lormance bf parental duty and the voluntary zeal pf the benevolent, and not, to establish' schools wholly ; supported by rates or taxes. 7. Tb adopt'rules with' reg ard to juvenile labour, both in trade and agricul- : ture, which will at once protect the physical health |of the . children, and prolong their period of educàtionl" While the Nonconformists are thus .speaking out Churchmen are by no means idle. Mr. Ackland, MiP., ÏKe otherrday, ñddrtÍBjnig,hÍB constituents', said "'. he, d'd'noVthink^heie,'^ time .'^ithiri'.His memory when there was more need .for every effort . that could' be made to promote the ,co-dperation_of all .classés,' from the, highes^ dbto dissémination of-' education "in ,;Eng]ana.,1,r Education was the one thing'they must have if they meant to keip . .theirjplace, and work together, and live as', a unitid : peppïç." He'!höped ' that 'all! causes".'of .'Ke'artburainks would be laid aBide, and that they would try áérióusjy and earnestly to do what, the country . wanted; hut whether, they were 'willing ..'.Mt ''it1 should cdme in | a ' compulsory form, orbe left itó.vpÍunVaxjrífoundatioiis and'institutions,-in this one thing they ¡would dil agree--that no efforts on behalf of the 8tate, arid that no efforty pn behalf of the Chuích^ó mination, could oe successful in doing justice td their childrtn, boys and girls,- unless they all took a wain and déêp personal interest inj the question, and put their shoulders, to the wheel in co.operation with those far-seeing mien who would look to them, if not.now, jut two or'threeyears'.'':,This ia áivéry fairsp'ecim'éínof the manner in wiich'the education question'is now!being taken up by all classes here, irrespective of politics b_r;.. creed,-unless we indeed except the Roman Catholic budy, who.jSeem disposed to repeat in the inathjer country the role performed by them at the'Antipodes; Holding their congress at Wolverhampton was! a masterly stroke oh the part of the Church party. By. going to that grimy district of coal-pits, forges.'manu factories, workshops, foundries, rand all: the sooty, ; noisy paraphernalia', of labour, , the' promoters of the congress1 showed that, however, strong their ritualistic ten di rici es might be, they felt theirs true, policy to be a closer idem iii cation of their work and labours with I the cause bf the working' classés. If Wolverhampton j , w>ll not; gd, to Oxford, why Oxford must gp to | Wolverhampton. Instead of sneering, as hitherto, at , the popularity of a Newman Hall or a Spurgeon, our , Churchmen are busy investigating the causes of that popularity, with the view bf turning the knowledge ! so acquired to practical account. How far they have succeeded may be inferred from the remarkable speech bf the Bishop of Oxford at the . Wolverhampton working men's meeting, in .which that prelate touchingly described how1'"the tendency of the presetit day, in all ita Btrong competition for the wages of the earth, was to set class secretly against class/'-: Still more earnest were the ? prelate's tones, as he said io his numerous hearers, men with swarth . features ' and stalwart limbs, how he felt that " nothing could be more dwarfing and narrowing than to indulge in feelings of asperity and hostility to those who -Were separated from each other by artificial and narrow bonds. He thought the Church could break through those difficulties, and that it could , keep'alive in this country a true estimate of the dignity of labour.: With regard to the sympathies that have hitherto existed between the olergy and:the working man he thought there had been great faults on both sides. The clergy had been stiff and unsympathising ; very often in time past they had rather fled from the face of the multitude into coteries, an-1 into the genial society of those who would echo back in sighs the utterances which they themselves made ; and they had fl» d to a certain degree from the conflict which Christ had ordained for them. But a different spirit now prevailed. They did not want fine chapels tilled with persons who used perfumed handkerchiefs, but they wanted great churches filled with thinking men. Let the time that had passed* suffice for the wretched jealousies of conflicting BcctB. If any man thought that by adding over , and above that which the Church had instituted, councils of pérfection, such as that which he firmly' believed John Wesley intended to institute, people should not lind fault ; they should rather adopt them into the common bosom of loving Christianity,' and bid them God speed. He believed the great religious difficulties that now weakened Christian sects arose more out of the memory of past evils than from the existence of a present necessity, and if Churchmen and Dissenters would unite to exalt the one name of Christ, and for their love of that name seek heartily for brotherly' communion in one common Church, England might have it, and, having it, she might be the erst in things spiritual, and then in t'^ngs material, and, as a whole, more than a match for a' divided world'around her." -, Are not times changing with a vengeance ? Everybody, Whigs, Tories,: Churchmen,'and all,' seem to nave started on the race in Liberalism with.a firm, determination not tobe among the hindmost. Where will it all end? la- the golden time, of which , our poets have so often sung, really at last looming in the distance ? It was not so very manyyears since, but that bishops figured rather conspicuously in. Cleave's caricatures, and. were popularly, identified -with church rateB, tithe pigs, gluttony, bigotry, and we know not what besides., Who could have.anticipated this change ? It is mar- . vellous. It is like a dream. But hearken again. This time it is not a prelate of the Established Church who is speaking.' It Í9 the voice of our Tory, Premier at Manchester., - After manfully pointing out' the evils of trades unionism; thus spoke Earl Derby, / -" I believe the working; classes are awaiting to a fuller sense than they have yet had of the claims of capital. And that nothing has contributed to that' result more than the establishment ot co-operative societies. I believe .that they have done very great good, not only in establishing habits of frugality and " order, but in teaching their members to estimate the. claims of capital and labour." Again-" With regard, to the Reform Bill, although some hazard might be supposed to attend the passing of so large ,a measure, I look forward with great confidence to the' result. ' I have great reliance on the good sense of my countrymen, and I am not at all alarmed at the prospect." It is: enough to awaken the ghost of Cobbett from its repose when we find '. pareoDs " and Tory Premiers talking in this strain. Certainly, it is better than slitting the ears of re- fractory Nonconformists lor refusing to go to church, or punishing with fine and imprisonment tho3e who venture to express an opinion that men who pay taxes ought also to have the franchise. _ The labour question, however, obstinately con- tinues to block the way. Not only are we threatened with that most terrible of all bores-the so-called woiking-class member of Parliament, but the germs of a new nine-hours movement in the building trades are being rapidly developed, as if we had not already enough of these miserable contests between labour and capital. It is sickening to hear the mischievous nonsense spouted by our trades' unionist leaders. For instance, the other day, at London, Mr. Druitt, of the London Tailors' Union, " trusted they would yet see the day when skilled artisans would no longer be the down-trodden and neglected men they were, and when they would assert in one great Parliament of labour that they were brothers." This is all very fine, but the workman's loaf will not be a bit the bigger for it. Neither will lectures: on " the hard earned victories of the locked-out tailors, and the advantages (?) of the strike," or on "The horrible cruelties and shocking immoralities of non-unionism,'' tend to improve the position of the workmen. True, the tailors'strike is-over, but the men have givenlin only at the end ol the season, and will now have ¡to wait until next spring .before, the trade resumes jta periodical briskness^ «.. I l The Trades Conference at .Preston have passed a series of resolutions, one of which is to the effect that, although they, in common with the rest of the commu- nity, deeply deplore and condemn the outrages which have been committed, they find that the employikg classes are endeavouring ' te prejudice the public mind in order to 'obtain repressive; legislation for class .purposes. This, it need not be addend, is the very reverse of the truth. Public opinion'hère is unanimous against any class legislation:on the sub- ject At Sheffield, the notoriouBBroadhead, deprived ol'his license as a publican,'has', resumed work'ai a sa-wprinder. Meanwhile the more.respectable bf ¿he She ffield unions appear 'desirous' of' "removing them- selves from the taint which the recent revelations have inflicted upon them. . . -.- , Departed are the glories of the prize ring. Never was the reputation of the "manly art''at a lower ebb than at the present time. For a long period it has been languishing, and now it has received its final blow. lt has fallen into the hands of swindlers, of ruffianly bullies, of close-cropped vagabonds, and light-fingered gentlemen, who have speedily deprived it of what little prestige plucky little Tom Sayers was enabled to confer upon it. Boat racing, cricketing, similar, pastimes, are more to the taste of our modern athletics, than is the spectacle of a couple of prize- fighters belabouring, each other amid the approving yells of a mob of drunken roughs, thieves, and idle scamps. There aré 'sonie, however, but surely these . must belong to the class of .ancient fogies, . who se-, ripuBly maintain'that the decline of the prize ring is à , sign of nátionaL effeminacy.// This is- sheer nonsense. How much "more hobie, rnore elevating,' and' en- couraging is the example of Prince Alfred engaged in an advinturous and'instructive voyage round the world, visiting the distant parts of that mighty empire which rejiicts in the rule of his queenly parent. ' 