THEATRE ROYAL. 1 Mr Anderson appeared as Hamlet last night. The house was nearly full in every part but the dres3 circle; that was nearly empty for some time, but gradually became partially occupied. The weather, it is true, was exceedingly unpropitious, and Shaks peare has;never been as popular iu Bsllarat with the dress circle as opera is, and we nny possibly take the weather and Shakspearo both to task for not giving Mr Anderson a good dress circle. That is, if it were not to be as mad as Hamlet to say so, or even much more mad than that extremely methodical person is in all his madness. Those who do not believe in Mr Anderson may say he iB to blame, but that were a mad thing to say too, as be never played Hamlet before here, and we may not insult the intellects that are wont to assemble on the hiyher priced benches by presuming that they would condemn an actor unheard. However, all these things apart, there were still the other parts of the house well filled to perform the laborious task of a good four hours' sitting or more in discussion of the moat cricicisod drama, and one of the best abused actors that Shakespeare has given to us. We cannot but think that Mr Anderson will be gratefully remembered by the critics in Victoria, for he has given them a rare opportunity of airiog their erudition, albeit in this popularity he must share with his in Borne oort professional antithesis, Mr Montgomery. Some people will possibly be dis posed to answer the question, " Was Hamlet mad?" by saying, " We don't know and don't much care, but the critics have made him to be more o sphinx than ever." Wo should like to see a committee of doctors try the question, for who but such very wise " experts" can tell what madness is? The lines or line that divides mere eccentricity from madness who can trace? Who will traverse with accurate tread the boundary between mere passion and lunacy? Wa3 Mr Hi^inboiham mad or only in r. blundering passion, for instance, wben he caused the present crisis by a speech that most rational men regard as politically irrational? Is a habitual drunkard a sane man, or is a man mad only wben a majority of dootors pronounce him to be so? A thousand questions might bo asked, and casuists might argue interminably for or .against; any given scries of facts constituting madners. After all, wo can only get at decisions upon mental conditions by a sort of rough and tumble process. The dictionaries tell us that a mad man is one void of reason. Yet Hamlet is no; void of reason, but discourses the most exquisite thoughts as well as discovers a halting irreEoluteness that, like Macbeth, lets " I dare not wait upon I would," If the dictionaries were authoritative, we should pronounce with them that fury is madness, or, as the grammars teach us, ira furor brevit est. We should havo to hold that we are all mad occasionally, and that Mr Anderson's Othello under ttie tortute of Iago is an absolutely dangerous lunatic, some times, raving to the terror of people with weak nerves and to the ecstatic delight of admiring "goda." Yet we know that Othello ia not mad, in the tech nical 6ehse, in Mr Anderson's bands, but is only in a whirlwind and tempest of passion; with his mind, to quote the words of Caleridae upon Hamlet, " un seated from its healthy relation.'' But we may say of Hamlet and Othello, as to their mental constitu tions, that they were as unlike as Hamlet tolls ue ho and Hercules were. Yet both had great provocation to say, " the time is out of joint," and one spends himself in fierce physical action upon suspicion of a wrong, while the other with proof of wrong is lost in speculations And enterprises o£ great pith and moment With tliis regard tlioir currents turn awry, And loso the name of action. Of this sort ol Hitnleta the world lies plenty whom no constable brings up "charged with lunacy," as our polico reports phrase it. "It » we," aaya Haz litt, " who are Hamlet"— we who "feel the evila of life, whoever, in fact, cm seo an inch before hi3 nose and doss moro thinking than actbg. But Hamlet is made, by a sort of exiggeratioa of that disposition, to give it a tragic vividness. We are told the dramatist meant to teach the necessity of preserving "a due balance between our attention to the objects of our senses, and our meditation on the workings of our minds;" that, in plain terms, we are not, in looking beyond our noses, to be for ever peering into infinity and puzzling ourselves about the mystery of life while we forget the immediate and tho prosi-nt, lying right under our noses. Cole ridge says this equilibrium, the neceauty of which the drama is to teach uo, Hamlet lost, or at least that it was disturbed, and thus he "delays action till action is of no use, and dies the victim of more cir cuinstancec ind accideote." SchU-gel pronounces a similar judgment, only beholds that Hauiletdid but simulate madness, these old world doctorain criticism differing like their mighty successors in Melbourne of the Smith, Brown, Jones, aud Kobinson brother hood. "He acis," says Schlegel, "the part of madman with unriralled power * * but in tho resolutions which he so often embraces, and always leaves unexecuted, his weakness is too ap parent." Qjethe, to our minti, gives as credible an interpretation as any of the critics of this dramstic sphins. Looking at Hamlet as disappointed by the less of the throne, and then by the loss of his mother, of whom be was " robbed by something worse than death," the critic regards his conduct as obviously explicable. Hamlet has lost faith at onco in man and woman, and "grows bitter against smiling villains, swears that be will not forget the ghost, and concludes with the significant ejaculation— Tho time is out of joint: 0, cursed spito, That over I was horn to sot it right! There is, it seems to us, little difficulty in going thus far in the same path with the German Shakspearp, and in concurring with him further, that "in these words will be found tho key to Hamlet's whole pro cedure," a procedure which proved that there had been "a great action laid upon a soul unfit for the performance of it." But was that unfitness mad ness, or was rnadne£3—say intermittent madness only—only an incident of the incapacity ? Mr Home tells us Hamlet remains, after all criti cisms, the great psychological puzzle," and Mr James Smith traces his madness to his name, which, says he, signifiss animi perlurbatio, upon which theory her Mrjssty's lieutenant and most of our leading politicians in Victoria may poB sibly all be voted to be decidedly mad juat now. But Mr Anderson's Hamlet does not seem to us to be a very mad one. He raves robuatiously eoms times when, in our pocr judgment, ho might bo as impressive with less noise. But it is a fije piece of acting nevertheless, yet singularly uneven in some of its passages in an elocutionary sense. We do not think himsatisfactory in the openiogghostscene. The declamation is too declamatory stiff and alow to suit our notions of probability in such an encounter. All through it is what we have seen over and over again, but the averting of the head and covering of the eyes when the ghost is about to vanish, struck us as being an excellent touch of nature. Ti.e succeeding scones wer3 full of good acting and well delivered readings of the text. Tho fine voice of tho Rctor had ample play in the rapidly changing positions he assumes, and, with some tame and some slightly overwrought speeches, there were many exquisitely spoken pas sages, lit up, too, with byplay and action so natural and seemingly spontaneous, that for the time we lost sight of the fact that everything was made to fit into a well • studied and often repeated task. The scene with the players was well managed, and the interview between Hamlet and hia mother was also admirably played nil through, a remark that will apply with, hardly any reservation to all the subsequent scenes. The por tion of the house that is generally most given to demonstrations cheered lustily, and Mr Anderson was called before the curtain at the closo of nearly every act. Mr Iieir, as the Ghost, looked as ghost like as stage-spirits usually do, and spoke the text of course accurately, and as fluently, too, as we supposed becomes a "perturbed spirit"—that upon the animi ptrlurbatio theory, must be held to be Tery responsible for Hamlet's madness. The speech was not the soDorous sermon ising of Mr Hoskins, and it lacked something that should have made it more imaginably a ghost's de liverance. But then who ever heard a ghost, and what can be more absurd than to criticise a [.host very closely? Mrs Heir, bs the Queen, was queenly in her costume and bearing, and in her several scenes with Hamlet acted with great skill. Her elocution was clear, finely emphasised, and if now and then a little more robust than that "excellent thing in woman," was so melodious and so entirely audible as to be always pleasant to the ear. This lady was honored with one or two calls. Miss Wise man, as Ophelia, played best in the mad scenes, and in them she was very effective, and was deservedly and heartily applauded. Mr W. M. Brown played the King very well. Be was well made up, and bare himself with a good deal of royal dignity sometimes, the soliloquy in the fourth act being spoken with no little skill. There is not much to be said about the other parts, which were played rather loosely many of them, but we should except from tliis stricture the parts taken by Messrs Searle and Appleton, who, for the most part, filled their places satisfactorily. The play will be repeated this evening. 