PADDY TO LORD DUFFÊRIN. I,.. (From thoDilly, Nair«, ¿T*oo»rj lit.) ! Ab 1 my lord, your seoond lettsr li «ONS thia the flrat ; it provea that you ar«'an Irish landlord, and nothing moro. Di J you i write th* P.S. yourself my lord! 1 you did,Ton ara fit to bo editor oí tho Time«. It it tike a ladt's'-P.S,, intended to /ion rey the enbitan-' tiat park omitted »bite. You sty " the rani fret being that there' were 433,032' mire aetei under o«r*al and Breon crepe in 1863 than, there were in 1847," '' And do yon with the people of England to regard that fast a» Brídanos of Irish proiperlij r In'1848 tb» potata crop wai totally raine I j In 1847. half the land wai waite.for want of seed.- Ah I my lord,'that' wai a bitlercomparison. It wai ashame for your lordship to,. Dak* edah, à statement, in mob a ' manner, and' to tell the world that Ireland I« proaprrlng' because she prolooeii more''turnips In IB63 than'aha p odu'oed In 1847, when her'p-oiilo were dying by the' dilchee. Refer to the returns of Mr. Donhelly, the, reulstrar-Keneral, arni yon will peroelr* that tho watte li»Hd as well aa the turnip or op ia steadily increasing in' Ireland. ? Does not this faot show dearly the] äü vant.gesof Irish emigration t ls it not a'snre alamo! national ' prosperity f l in M irishman body ¡and toni i 1 know every corner io Paddy's génoron» heart.' I know, how diffloult it ie to got at the truth In Ireland., I know'lt amuse« bim to pusste a »tränier, .. .You «an eeo he is full of intelllgenoo, but he feel« he ls oom« i pletety'ln the landlord's power, and therefore yon hean, very'little troth'from him om the relations that et ist between minter and slave. Landlord and tenant tra, terme hot fU for u o tn Ireland. ? 11 1 hiv« had oonnderablo experienoe ai a Iud agent 'weat of the Shannon, and Ut me tell your lordship the oondltlonof tho provino» of Connaught ii a'dlegrae* to. À ivilliation. ' There ' it 1«, a wilderness of mignifieeat "inamiis unraolaimed. ' " What a oomeJjr it la to soe the great abientee pro*' priatorat home surrounded by-hi* ilavoi t they din* together-th» parson la there, the' parish prisât, and th* agent, of oourse. The uinel' loyal <to»ata; are dle poeed of, tb* health of " Tbs ion of the old maather," and "Co»J mille « failthe," ls drunk wita all tba honours, he feels ho is »Bloomed Ilk* a king, and he ii 'delighted. Up g»t« tho parish priest or som* skoneen oittbollo »quire, and '1 describe* ' In: glowing :tef ma, bow tho »itale bu been managed by th* Irish attorney. Th* great ahteuUe bellaree all thia li rail ; he apeak*' .f nie «xoetldut friend the attorney | h* drink* all their1 healths, and aiuoorely «nd trom th» wry centro of hi* unanapMtlig aeaci na wiahe* them all proa;grit/ ¡ ht i go i to.>od.(tarakiog Hewn that gare bim inoh a aso ; he dreams.of h »ppr tenants, and. secure rentals. The tooan ti KO bom» í liston to them as they maroh »long: " An-ah, do yon think did his lordship bellera ^ Bather William?" - "Is lt.to doubt Wi reterenoe t" " Wasn't it a great spieob ?" , " It wai, and a goïd; priposil to get a firm for bli brother Thady j bVllget^ tba farm lore enough, tba bog rosd trill niter ba maus,, and the wait«* will come ap to the doon to ourssltos." -The report of . that welcome home dinner appear* "ia all tho papen, and what is'tha consequenoo T Other Irish absentees are dring' to seoare the aerrloes -of-inoh a man. The Irish a tornoy rants tn bns'ness ; ander hil eupfrlr.tandenae omlgratlon and waite innreaw rapidly. . And t^o<e aro the-sign I ot national prosperity that seem to'plean an' Irish, paer-»our own irentte Dulferia. Ab. rn/ lard,' you know nuning of tbo trioles and ohioanery prac- tised ia tbe regions below your notion. Permit Pi i J/ \- himself, to-present - you with 'a f*ot, ' In " 1817' tha; agent ¿f a great Irish absentee oouH got no rent, in' Oonn'tugh t ibo Undi were let al a fair prtoe, and .th's tenants' perfectly willing to1 pay it they could! they, had ' BO money;' cattle could not- be . io)J. . The bailiff proposed . that ' the agent should take .the eatt|e at, a valuation, ,and send then to the absentee's demeans, 1 bo anent agreed ii tb.li, 'sad in presence of tho tenants din-ote J the bailiff ti .vain», the stoolt; No ' your, honour,'.' said tba man, tue people might, snipsotl me to faroar, you ; there I* Lake, a honest fellow, take. tho otttle at .hi» 'valuation ;'and, all parties will be, satiate I." The a<ent ' was dellgh ed, he was:' really a go id man. ..' Well,!' hi mi I,' " I knew* my batlliF was a hotest fellow. Luke, yon sh al I ; value the stook." ' rle'went .away, L iku happcaet, to'be the biiliHV brother-in-law |. be vilued heifers.worth XtO'at £3, add other stoat ia the samé way; Th« bailiff'kept the st jak at Luke's raina lion i tho ptuilerad1' tenants ' dare not badge; the agent -, would / not ..biliare' .st.. .wordi ot tho honett man that .refused, ? to .. value,, the stook, Thu »ort ,of legalised'robbery ls '.not going on so ettensirely at preset) t¡ .bit a grett de tl of sale bu «neis is done in the' fairs even no* by' the'under agents and bailiff*, -8ho» rae ths^tenaotait-will that dares to.refuse the, prion offered .for. bis. atojk by ;tha agent, tba ander agent, or billia*.'. The f*ot is, my I lord, the' present eystim li a' disgraos to olrillsatidn. To got rid of lt would he na'' adrant«,,e to yaur orior and to the nation. - Would i it not > ba a ooralort to haye loyal frUnds and friemen, instead of orono aing foes and Orin¿ing.»laTe», who aro compel tad to h»Uv you Î. "' ! j 'Irish emigration' cannot ba . oonsidered ' as | a national advantage wbilo we hate ' millions of anres' waste and reolaimtble,' '.millionsI, of i-nores fat .require , to , bi ? 'd-alaed- and -, ;eubioil»d »nd millions , of people, balf idle» ' becausethe law refuses to protest their InJmtrr.and the landlord billares it is benetth his dignity to know anything of business or benora* the dirootor bf national taooar and national wealth. , '?,, ; i , Tae ghost of a rebellion in Ireland ls gone.- It . was only a ihidow, orsated by' landlordism I 'f John Ball has any oommin sense, ha will get ''rid-' of that thing th it made the shadow. The sooner the (batter.'.'. The' next rebellion; in Ireland wilt' bi the-last,; -Piddy, WAI ned-by. the past, will not «trike until ho saes dearly that he aaa send landlordism- to sea In' a bottomUm boat The Irishman ef the' presentd ij hts ko hostile feeling' towards < England; he see* ' dearly ¡it la tba .interest of the two oouotria) to be oniiei. HI» loyalty and lore may be aeonred by " jastioe,.' 1 should tremble to see my country engaged In war'an) the Irish land question unsettled. '' This Is 'the age,of iron! " Djlays ara dangerous. 'Viotoi'y follows rapidity. Def ¿at and shim« bolong'to alow'deliberation and in. Jastioe.- Sadowa ia a dirk word. ' i ?.,I An 1 ray lord,- the. natioa,is .growing old.. We want, new iden. G x>k at Amarla» an I Fran o J. ' If there ,1s a spark of the patriotic spirit of .your fathors Io yon,, yon ; will nie your .'influence i to : dnoresse / (he'' strength^ and piwer of. the i TJ.ittod King- dom, . in .th» hour of , trial, , tba . slare, is . a cringing coward;' the freeman a tnatoh for ten. ! In a population eo amtll a's 'oars sire óanUót'afford ti maka traiwrs'by Act of ?»rlU nent,i or permit landlords lo go on.[depopulating -.th*.-conntry,,while thewastes; exist and; oonllarke to grow. Tba safety of the nation raqairei,the immediate settlement of tba land qu-tition.,' -1 hare'the honour to be,'my lord, a loyal Paddy,' and your lordship's rory obedient terrant,',' 