A CHRISTIAN YOUNG MAST. The case of ' Marchaat v. Marchant' has been befora the Divorce Court this week. This was rather a singular case. The petitioner, who was the wife of a die-sinker, prayed for a judicial separation on the ground cf cruelty. According to her evidence and tihat of her mother, the respondent had introduced himself to them as 4-a Christian young man,' and a preacher. After a courtship of four years, the wedding took place in May, 1865 ; but on the eleventh ujight there was a violent quarrel, and in seven weeks there was a separation. The petitioner alleged that her husband had a habit of mingling his caresses -and his curses in a most perplexing manner, and that though he had never struck her, his threats were so frequent and so violent that her health was greatly affected, and she was obliged to leave. On one occasion he told fher to read &. chapter of Isaiah to him. She did so, but he :«aid she omitted .a verse. She read it a second time, and then he got up, ewore at her fearfully, kissed his mother, and ieft the house declaring that he would drown himself. After the separation a considerable correspondence took place, in the course of wJbich the petitioner expressed a doubt whether she would live, and a hepe that if she did not her spirit might be permitted to haunt him that he also would have someday to bo on his death bed, and reminded him -of the heavenly country, Whose holy gates for ever bar Pollution, sin, and shame. She also said, ' Your mother has parted as in this world, and 1 fear in the next.' Ok. the other hand, the respondent stated that he had never used a harsh or unkind expression to his wife, and that he was wholly unaddicted to the use of bad language. In fact, he said that he had lived on the most affectionate terms with her ; and that the whole mischief had been caused by hia remonstrating with her mother on her habit ef sponging upon him, he being a young man with an income of 24s. a week. He added, that he had once found his wife in faint ing fite, and that the explanation she had given him was that his father's ghost had appeared to her. The respondent intimated that her account of the quarrels which were supposed to have taken place was equally imaginary, for in fact they had never quarrelled at all. When excited she would use bad language, and she would sometimes recite obscene riddles. The two mother-in- lawa were both called and they stoutly maintained the cases of the respective' parties. Mrs. Marchant, sen., a decrepit old woman, declared that her daughter in law Beemed so happy .that ohe was almost inclined to get married again herself. (Laughter). The court reserved its decision until Friday, when the court ordered a decree as prayed for. 