Wanted, the following articles for the use of the Bail way Department:— Coats of paint for bodies of carriages. Trousers for the legs of shears. Sleeves for the arms of semaphores. Bedclothes for the use of sleepers. Table- turners for turntables. FAMILY BBCELPT8. To Make Panch.—Prepare a dish of the best jokes; staleenes will not do. Garnish with quaint illustrations full of point. Infuse a little piquant satire, and serve up for sixpence. Leather-work.—send an idle dunce to school, and provide the master with a good cane. To Keinove Warts.—Engage one of the furniture vans from opposite the Argus office, and the owners will engage to remove everything with care. Collared Beef. — rt;al a fat bullock, kill it, and the result will be e .Hired beef. To Cteau White Kids.—Wash their faces and hands, and put on them clean pinafores. WANTED. Slitting; by the tongue of rumour. Cutting, by some objectionable acq-aintances. Chopp ng. by the wind when in a bad quarter. Axing, by several disengaged young lauies. Splicing, by some loving young couples. Bailing, by a nest of Melbourne thieves. Sacking, by seveial Cabinet Minister!. MELBOURNE REFLECTIONS. In summerevery bedroom hasagnatty appearance. At all limes of the year you are able to throw dirty water on the Corporation by resorting to the gutter opposite the Town HalL Society is g __ getting .ex elusive—even the cabs have their own rank. In consequence of the general honesty people never look after their property except when a member of Parliament approaches. The laws are lenient; people are rarely hanged, and clerks are only sus pended when detected in robbing their employers. Visiting is not much in fashion, but mining calls are frequent. _ The railways afford means of charge, hut toe railway clerks rarely have any. There are no crossing-sweepers at present, but ladies do the duty with their dresses, consequently the want is not much felt. The volunteer move ment is 60 general that even children in arms may he seen in the streets. A CONVENIENT FELLOW. The barber; he suits you to a shaving. NEW HEADINGS. The early hawk "picks up"' the pigeon. Live en sixpence a day aud get lots of tick. Nobody kuows where the shoe pinches, and nobody wants to know. You cannot make a whistle of a pig's tail, and it's a cord thing that you cannot. No news is good news when yon are expecting a miniug calL The sly sow gets the most wash, and yet she is aiwavs di'ry. Rise with the lark, hut larks are best let alone. Never lose a "friend," so when you are out with a Quaker keep your eye on him. hlany a true word is spoken in jest, therefore rely np an all that Panch nays. Look before you leap, and you will always keep your boots clean. Think before you speak—to an objectionable acquaintance. DIFFERENCES. What is the difference between the age of a cab, and a cal>(e)age? What is the difference between the 8ot>3 of a woman and the tiers of a theatre? What is the difference between orange peel and a peal of thunder? What is the difference between a box at the Polytechnic and a box of pills? What is the difference between ghosts and spirits of night(a)? punch's prize conundrum. Why. does the caudal sppendage of. a* playful " Dixon's mongrel dog resemble William Hepworth _ new work?—Because it's a "tail of a merry cur" (tale of America). fllth!Qnftd i KBi Is a 6S pounder a regular stunner? Is a burning mountain hill-lustrous at night? Should not a man of metal be iron-clad? Is it dishonest for a man to. take a house that is not his own? Is a musical critic always a man of "sound" judgment? if an actor appears in three pieces, is it possible for him to go home "altogether?" Are Eeaman's clothes made of the "surge" of the ocean? Has a policeman, like a provisional committee, power to add to his number? Can dissension be sown with a needle and thread?. What is the length of the hind leg of a toad stool? Has a fam ily failing anything to do with domestic bankruptcy ? What is the pace of a flower that runs to seed? THE EABTH OP A BATTLE-FIELD— The bullet-mould. TEAB TOU ABE. What sort of hat is worn in leap-year?—The bissex-tile, of course. AN AWFUL STRETCH. Why is the cane yon purchased to-day like india rubber?—Because it's "a last stick." D'ye take it —the joke, of course, not the stick?' THE HA1UTINAL BATH. (Punch Boliloquiseth in extremely irregular rhymes ere taking the fatal plunge.) I place one foot in—o-o-ol how co-o-old! To plunge in there one need be bold. Bold—gad, heroic. I can ne'er Summon the resolution rare. Well! standing here won't do much good— Pshaw! what before I've shivering stood I can again—that stands to reason So in 1 go. Whoo! dripping, wheezing, I rise like—no, not much like Venus— There's difference I must say between us; But like—a water god—perhaps that's better: The wateriest god at least could not be wetter. Down, down again, in full three feet of water! Well! if I'm not refreshed now, why I "oughter." I rise another man in lusty vigour. And pitch into my breakfast like a digger, AFTER-DINNER THOUGHTS Wonld it be of any use for a lady to look daggers at a blind man? Would it be pleasant to a hoy to be Kanfnn with n sit crap Done I anil nrAillHn'f ha a ansa beaten with a sugar cane land wouldn'titbe a case of sugar beat t Can you spin the top of the morning; or fly Ambrose Kyte? Who goes into mourning for dead letters, and which is the way into it? is a man that cannot pay his " rent" " sewn" up? Do blue stockings ever get the order of the garter, and are black-legs ever whitewashed! Of what kin to you is a table nap-kin? When a man's eye is glazed, what kind of putty is used; or is it putty clear that he needs none? If a racing man goes in for the Oaks, how many does be come out with? When you make a short cut, do you use knife or scissors? Is it decorous to expose undressed calico? What sort of handle is it to the staff of a newspaper? If you want to clip your horse, should you not go to Hobson's Bay for a clipper? If a Melbourne actor commenced legal proceedings, would he not be Heir-at-law? THE VOLUNTEERS. In anticipation of war breaking ont at any time in Europe, and the mother- country becoming involved in it, our volunteer military authorities have issued a general order to the force under their command, and Mr. Punch hastens to give such an important document due prominence in his columns. On an enemy being signalled, the Naval Brigade will at once proceed to Queenscliffe and "take a sight at him." after which they will liquor-up at their commanding officer's expense. Ou the arrival of the enemy at the Heads the Commander-in-Chief, mounted an his sword and cocked hat, and wearing his horse, will give the order to take the " muzzles" off the guns. The enemy will then (in colonial parlance) be requested to "stand and deliver," or submit to the disagreeable alternative of having his brains blown out (if he has any). Should he disregard this injunction, and succeed in passing the Heads safely, the following posi tions will be taken up by the force:—Major Yerdon with a picked detatchment will proceed to sea on the "raft," and engage the enemy at once in con versation. The St. Hilda battery of artillery will lie in ambush in the St. Hilda drain, and wait there until the danger is over. The rest of the Metropolitan corps will proceed per rail to Sunbury, and take the field immediately. Mr. Brown, with bis double-barrelled chain-shot gun; Mr. Severn, with his patent-shot-beaded fioating-rocket ram; and Mr. Lavater, with his breech- loading-self-rotating demolishes will pro nn Knar! thn ann.n-'r, '■vaaanl" nrUt, cesd on board the enemy's " vessel" with models of their inventions. If he is wise he will have nothing to do with untried weapons. But all men are not wise. Should his temerity be great enouih to cause him to disregard these solemn warnings, and the threat of having the Yan Yean turned on him. the Managers of the Banks will have an interview with him. The "sinews of war" possessed by these great men will, the Commandant is assured, have the effect, though everything else fail, of bringing him to terms. Any "breaches"' made by the enemy in our works to be appropriated to the use of the volun teers, who will wear them afterwards in com memoration of the event. Immediately upon his leaving the Bay, one of the new eiRhty-pounders will be taken out of store, cleaned, mounted, and fired carefully three times, upon which the St. Kilda Artillery will come out of the drain, the Naval Brigade will retire upon Geelong. and the Metropolitan corps will return to town. Major Vernon will change his wet clothes, and evervbodv will be invited to " liauor un " VT. A. DaNSTBON, Colonel--ommandant. 