The Land Act of 18G2 — that most con- tcmptiblo and disastrous break-down in legislation — appears to haunt Mr. Duffy liko a ghost. After ho had secured his pension, and just prior to his leaving tho colony on his recent visit to Europe, he Toluntcered at "Warrnambool an explana tion to his lato constituents on the sub ject, in which ho charged his Ministerial colleagues, Messrs. Ireland and Wood, with having wilfully, and with malice aforethought, so shaped certain provisions of tho luckless Act of Parliament that is associated with his name, that it could not but fail to cfTcct tho purpose of tho Legis lature — namely, tho settlement of tho people on tho public lands. It seems novcr to have occurred to Mr. Duffy that in making this charge against his colleagues, ho was giving utterance to the strongost condemnation of himself, cither on the one hand as a man of capacity, or on the other as a man of sterling honesty of purpose. If tho law officers of the Ministry to which ho belonged did, as be then asserted, mislead him and make him their dupe as to the future operatisn of his Land Act, where was that "boasted capacity of his, which his own restless vanity was for ever proclaiming to tho world ? It surely ought to have enabled him to detect in time, and before it was too late, the poison which, ho said, Messrs. InELAND and Wood had infused into tho measure. If, on the other hand, he had brains enough to detect the evil at the outsot, how came it that he refrained from denouncing it until the mischief was accomplished Tho public nt tho time generally felt it was a very sorry exhibi tion on tbo part of Mr. Duffy to come forward, after bis Land Act bad been withdrawn from operation by reason of its sheer unfitness for anything but mis chief, and attempt to screen himself from the contempt and reprobation it excited in the publio mind, by trying to shift the blamo and responsibility upon the shoulders of his late colleagues, the law officers of the Crown. But though public opinion was clear upon the matter that ho had thus proclaimed himself either a very false or a very foolish man, ho was let offi without any marked censure by tho Press, because the impression was general that the country had dono with him, and his wooden statesmanship. Now, however, haying returned to Victsria, that evil spirit of morbid vanity which is such an unfortunato and prominent feature of his character, tempts him once more to rush into print with " further" explanations, which make one feel how true it is that ho who is good at excuses is usually good for nothing else. He must, forsooth, have his say upon the now agitated claims of the cer tificate- holders ; and in a letter which ho has addressed to a contemporary, and which is marked by bad taste and worse judgment, he endeavours once more to make it appear that ho was ignorant of tho effect that the omission of tho word " assigns" would produce in exempting from the conditions of selection those Eorsona who, by purchase or otherwise, ecamo tho legal representatives of tho original certificate-holders. And he in sinuates rather than boldly avers that it was Mr. Ireland who did all the mischief, by purposely omitting this word " assigns" from the text of tho act. This is very pitiful and very shabby. "Wo have already in dealing with the "quieting bill" of Mr. Tucker, shown that we have no sym pathy with tho objects of that bill, and that we do not concur in the views pro pounded by Mr. Ireland in the discus sion on that measure. But because wo differ with that gentleman, we do not therefore feel it would be right, or decent, or just, to impute base, fraudulent, or corrupt motives to him as the chief law officer of tho Ministry that passed the Act of 18G2, because he boldly repeats now what he openly stated, even according to Mr. Duffy's showing, so long back as November, 18G2 — namely, that the word " assigns " was purposely admitted on ac count of its being said to havo proved useless and mischievous in tho Nicholson Land Act. We accept that as the bona fide account of the matter. Mr. Duffy, however, finding that in this as in all other respects his abortive handiwork of a land act failed to do anything but mischief, seekB to throw the blamo of tbe failure on Sir. Ireland, and, in addition, to in sinuate improper motives to that gentle man. This is very paltry ; and it will not serve to whitewash Mr. Duffy. We regret, fur his own sake, that ho should have been so ill-advised as to rush- forward in this rash and hasty fashion, to befoul with printer's ink hiB lato colloaguo in office. Mr. Dufft, in this same pitiable epistle of his, appeals to' .what wo suppose he would hare us' believe to bo'-his own chivalrous sense of honour and Tectitude, in order to prove how thoroughly ho can, in Pontius Pilate fashion, wash his hands, of the guilt incurred in omitting the word " assigns." " Look ye," he says, I am guiltless of this enormity, for"— and here we must give his exact words — " if he (Mr. Ireland) had proposed to omit the word ' assigns,' and described the effect of that omission as ho does now, I would not have remained a moment responsible for the measure after his views had been adopted.' Does Mr. Duffy really believe that people who are conversant with Vic torian politics for the last four or five years, will gulp down that assertion ? Let us test it by facts. Mr. Duffy, who professed such frantic anxiety to make Jlis Land Act work solely for the settlement of tho po pular masses upon tho soil of Victoria, whilst ho was still- in office, issued a de partmental order, as President of the Board of Land and "Works; to tho effect that those who selected land under his act should make personal application, and not through an agent or any secondary medium, to the land officer, for tho allot ments they wished to take up. The object he professed to have in view in issuing this order, was to prevent " dummy" se lections by Bquatters and others. His Ministerial colleagues immediately hold a Cabinet Council, and compelled him to telegraph all over the country, to the various land officers, directions counter manding that order, which he.had stated was necessary to defeat the monopolist machinations of the squatters. Did he then refuse — to use his own words, in his precious epistle—" to remain a moment longer responsible for tho measure ?" or did he give effect, iutho only way possible to such a refusal, by at onee indignantly and honestly throwing up office in a Mi nistry, which thus not only deliberately undid what ho declared lie had dono for the commonweal, but which also hold him up to public contempt, by making bim perform tho feat of " turning his back upon himself?" Mr. Duffy did nothing of tho kind. Spartan virtue was not his cue just then. In fact, it would not pay ; for there were only wanting a few weeks to complete the two years' tenure of office upon which he intended to base, and did ultimatply base successfully, his claim for a pension. At the bidding of his colleagues, Mr. Duffy quietly shelved all about " personal appli cation" by tho selectors— utterly ignored all chivalrous promptings of honest ambi tion to try and make bis Land Act, if possible, a practically liberal measure— and turning his face to the wall in silent dismay, there brooded over the alterna tive, which cruel destiny chalked before his eyes — viz., " sing dumb, or else no pension." With this episode, and many another similar which wo do not care to rako up, photographed on his and our and others' memory, wo must say it is a piece of hardihood on bis part to appeal to what noble self- sacrifices be would have made, sooner than acquiesce in Mr. Ireland's alleged machinations against true lnnd reform, if ho had understood them. Mr. Duffy, like many other weak-minded persons, meant well until tbe honr of temptation arrived ; and then, like all who trust in their own self-conceit, ho fell. Bern, quocumque modo rem. He had no objection to secure a good land bill for tbe people, or en deavour to patch up his own abortion of a measure in tbo best way that occurred to him. But then ho could _ not go and quarrel with his Ministerial colleagues over tho matter at that moment, when to do so would necessitate bis resignation of office, and his forfeiture of all chanco of his pension. Oh! no. Being a martyr was all very well in theory ; hut in prac tice it was quito the other way. To revert to the Land Act of 18G2, Mr. Duffy's wisest course is, if possible, to hold his tongue. Ho is located in a com munity now that cannot be easily bam boozled by cheap asseverations of pure patriotism. Tho people of Victoria un derstand the worth of such bubbles, and have also a keen appreciation of the class of persons who' are in tho habit of blowing tbeso same bubbles. And Mr. Duffy may be assured that bis full share in tbe enacted failure of 1862 on tho land ques tion will ever -bo strictly apportioned to him by public opinion. Tbe Legislative Council yesterday postponed tbe second reading of tbe Custom) Duties Bill, on tbe motion of Air. Alurpby, the object of hon. members as slated being to giro tbe President lime to consider a motion of Mr. Sladen's, as follows : — " That should the Council assent to the eecoad reading of tha Customs Duties Bill, such assent should not be considered to be a waiver of tbo objections hitherto urged by tbe Council to tbe inclusion of matters appertaining to tbe territorial revenue lu a bill dealing with supply." Hon. members also drew tbe Presi dent's attention to one or two other feels, which they considered gave them full power to alter tbe bill. The eecond reading of the Amending Lunacy Bill was also postponed until to-day, on the motion of Air. A' Beckett, who has taken chargo of the hill, in order to allow bim time thoroughly to master its principles and details. Some portion of time was occupied in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, by a question submitted by Air. Longmore, with reference to -the selection of tbe area of Corangamite being removed from Camperdown to Colac. Tbe Commissioner of Lends was absent from bis piece, hut Mr, Longmore declined to postpone bis question, as the selection would take place on the following day,ond any action after that time would be useless. The adjournment of the House was moved, and that gave rise to points of order. Ultimately the hon. member for Ripon was allowed to proceed, and after a very lame statement and some charges against tbe district surveyor, Mr. Vale, on behalf of his colleague, declined to make any alteration in tbo depart mental arrangements. Mr. Jenner yesterday gave notice, in the Le gislative Council, of his intention to move to-day that the agreement entered into by tbe delegates of the Postal Conference was not satisfactory, or calculated to advance the interests of tbe colony. Another newspaper publisher is to bo brought to the bar of the Legislative Assembly, a victim to' parliamentary privileges. Air. Jl'Cann yesterday brought under the notice of the House an article In the Leader of Saturday last, re flecting upon himself, and accusing him of attempting to perpetrate a fraud on the country, and filling his pockets from the public purse. He moved that the article wag a scandalous libel and a breach of the privileges of the House. The Government supported this motion, which was agreed to without a division, Mr. G. P. Smith took upon himself ail the responsibility, although be refrained from announcing himself as the writer of the ohnoxiouB article. Upon a subsequent motion, that Mr. Syme, tho publisher of the paper, be brought to the bar, another debate occurred, which at one time became of a somewhat personal nature; but the little breeze which sprung up soon lulled, and then died out upon an apology being offered by the offending member. It was sought to adjourn tbe debate, but this wos negatived, and tbe motion to bring the publisher to tbe bar was carried on a division by a small majority. The discussion extended over several hours. Mr. David Syme, the pro prietor of tbe paper, whose name appears on the Imprint, will be summoned to appear at the bar to-morrow afternoon. A writ has been issued by the Governor for the election of a member to fill the vacancy in the representation of the South-western Pro vince. It is dated the 30th March ; the nomina tion is to take place on Saturday, 13 th April ; the polling on Tuesday, 23rd April ; and the writ is returnable on Tuesday, 30th April. The twelfth series of agricultural areas will he open for selection to-day. At the Alt-Ibourne office the only land open is the area of Nar-nar- goon, 3-20 acres in extent, Bituated north-easterly from the township of Berwick. We understand thot tho removal of cargo from (he wreck of the Netherb.v, at King's Island, is still going on, tbe sebooner Result being engaged in the work. Alsssrs. Boyd and Carrie, the purchasers of the wreck, havo already, it is said, realised a good profit upon their venture. We understand that the Ballaarat Alining Reserve Commission will hold their first meeting to-day. An inquest was commenced at Castlemaine on Alonday touching the death of Ab Woon, whom report stated bad been killed by his mate, Ah Che. .The principal evidence taken was that of Samuel and James Manley, who deposed that on Friday evening they saw tho two men fighting, but aid not think sufficient violence bad been used to cause death. The next evldenco was that of the son of one of the preceding witnesses, who said that at Ibe request of Ah Woon he accompanied him from Wattle Gully to Chewton. On the road tbe Chinaman entered an opium shop, charging tbo boy not to come in. Tbe Chinaman came out, end was seen to have on opium box with him ; but not only wae the pur chase of opium denied by the storekeeper, but even Ah Woon'a visit. It wss shown the de ceased went (o two or three other places, pur chased grapes end vinegar, end et last returned with the boy, leaving within a few hundred yards of his lent, and saying, " Good night, to-raer- row me die." To another Chinaman upon whom he called, he admitted having bought medicine as his body ached after tho quarrel with bis mate. On tbe following day (Saturday) the Cbinaman was very ill, and died during tbe day. Dr. Hardy was called to see birn, but the man was then in a dying stato. It was deemed advisable, after ascertaining these facts, to adjourn the In quest until next Alonday, when a report of the analysis of tbe stomach will be forthcoming. Of course, in tbe absence of tbo medical testimony, srya the Mail, tbe cause of death cannot bo strictly assigned, beyond that it arose from com pression of the brain. The medical testimony will show whether the compression arose from external violence or internal poison. The only item passed in committee of supply last night was that of L50,000 for works outside road districts nnd shires. A long discussion lock place, owing to the inability ef the Government to give any information respecting tbe distribu tion of tbe money. The questions reserved in tiro Bullarcok murder case were argued in tbo Supreme Court yesterday. It was contended for tbo prisoner that tbe remains of the supposed dtceaied must bo identified, and it must be shown that he cntno to his death by violence before the criminal agency In bis death could bo traced to tho pri soner. The Court reserved its decl ioa. Fifty pounds reword is ofiered by the Govern ment for information leading to the conviction of the person who, on tbe 29th September last, set fire to tbe dwelling of David Uemley, at Al'Cal- lum's Creek, Afsjorca. There is every prospect of the regatta, to be held on the Lower Yarra on the Saturday pre ceding Easter, being n very successful nfl'jir. Several crews arc In active training, and the representatives of Ballaarat nnd Geolong are ex pected to arrive shortly for the purpose of prac tising. A course of a mile and a half lias been derided, and very complete arrangements arc being mado by the committee. Subscription lists have been issued. Air. Hughes, who Is well known In tbe musical profession in Alelbourne, summoned Air. Alumford, at the District Court, yesterday, for L10 10s. It was stated that this sum of money was owing for preparing music for Airs. Mumford (Miss Julia Mathews) in tbe " Rustic Prima Donna," "Tbo nose of Castile," and other pieces. Several witnesses were examined to show that the charges were not exorbitant," and it was also submitted that a portion of the money was due for teaching AIIss Mathews her part and superintending n rchenrsal at ibe Hay- market Thea're. A verdict was given for the amount, with 23s. Gt. costs. A deputation of delegates, from the city and suburban councils, waited yesterday upnn tho hon. Mr. Vaio on the question of tho preven tion of the Yarra floods. The report of tho pro ceedings appears in another column. A notice has been issued through the Govern ment Gazette to all lessees, mining manegers, and other persons Interested in CrowH lands held under lease for mining purposes, directing their attention to the covenants relating to the pay ment of rents. The Board of Lend and Works, yesterday, in formed those contractors who furnished tenders last week for constructing aqueducts, etc., iu connection with the Coliban scheme, from a point eighteen miles from Alaimsbury, according to schedule prices, (bat it bad been found necessary, in consequence of tho number of cal culations and details involved, to further post pone the consideration of the tenders until the next meeting of tbe board, to be held on the 9th inBt. Tenders were opened yesterday, by tbe Board of Land and Works, for tbe construction of a corrugated iron store, and laying sidings, points, and crossings, snd providing ballast, etc., for workshops nt Wiiliamslown. The tender of Messrs. Turnbull and Co., for L2022 14s. lid., being the lowest, was Bccoptod, subject to the approval of the Englneer-In- Cldef. An enlargement of the boundaries of the town of Alansfield is notified in yesterday's Gazette. A sad accident, arising from an explosion of firedamp, took place, says tbe Ba'laarat Star, at the Edinburgh Company's mine on Alonday aftornoon, at about 4 o'clock. The persons in the part of the mine where the explosion took place were Air. William Sleeman, the newly- appointed mine-manager, who was being shown over the workings by tbe sluleemsn, Air. Jnmes Hancock, assisted by two minere named Richard AHtchell and Edward James. The first named of the four was most seriously hurt, being burned to the woist. He wos immediately attended by Dr. Wallace on being bronght to the surface, and precautions were taken to exclude the air from the injured parts, thereby offering a chance of recovery whieh would otherwise have been very slight. It is considered to ben good sign that he feels his paiu a good deal. Ho was being treated lute at night with stimulants. Hancock, the sluiceman, was not much hurt, and Mitchell nnd James were well enough to walk home. The explosion did not occur, as. soma suppose, in old workings, for these latter have long since collapsed; but In a drive put la by the present company, and whieh bad been left idle only a week. The gas seems to have an affinity for the water which oozes from the ground, as a light applied to a drop of water will carry the flame up to the roof. Air. Laity, the retiring mine-manager, escaped through having to attend to other business, and Hancock took bis place. This warning shows that means must be taken to ensure the safety of workmen by the use of safety lamps and efficient ventilation. From a return published in yesterday's Gazette we learn thnt tbe arrivals in the colony during tha month, of February numbered 2193 souls, while the departures reached 2265.' Tne arrivals from the United Kingdom were 551, and the departures for It 4S2 souls. . During tbe month of February C8 person) were sent for from England and Wales under the Immigration Regulations of 10th July, 18C5 ; 24 from Scotland ; and 15G from Ireland. ' A meeting of tho West Alelbourne Afutual Improvement Association wss held last evening; at the temporary Presbyterian Church, West Melbourne; Iho vice-president, Mr. A. Steavcn- son, presiding. Tho inaugural address was delivered by the Rev. A. Robertson, tho presi dent, and that gentleman, in the course of his remarks, exhorted his hearers to pay parlicular attention to reading, composition, and discus sion, recommended the reading of certain works (or tbe Improvement of their minds, and observed that if they persevered lu ttiolr studies, many important positions in the colony were open to them. The reverend gentleman also Advised tliem that In tbe course of their debates they should preserve a dignified respea: and bearing towards their opponents, who, though possibly defeated, desired tbe' coin- tesies of ilfe. A pro gramme of Ibe course of lectures, essays, discus sions, etc., for the next three months was read, and, after the usual votes of thanks, the pro ceedings concluded. A rifle match took place at the Snndfidgo Butte on Saturday last, between nine members of tbe Southern Rifles and a similar number of the Alelbourne and North Alelbourne Rifles, at 200, 500, and GOO yards, seven rounds at each' range, Hythe position. The former were the victors by one point, the tstal scores be'ng 32J to 319. Tho highest scorers on tbo occasion were Corporal Mann, for tbe Southern, with forty-five points; and Captain Irving, with' fifty-three points, for the Melbourne and North Melbourro. A second match also came off en tbe same day, and at the same butts, between ten members a side, selected from the same corps, at 150, 200, 250, and 300 yBrds, five rounds at each range, Hythe position, which resulted In a victory for tbe Melbourne and North Alelbourne R.fics by 102 points, the total scores being 375 to 273. Private Parish was the highest scorer on the winning side, with forty -nine points; and Private Landers, on the losing side, with thirty- nine points. Relative lo the vintage in tho Alurrny dls- trict, the Albury Banner of Saturday ssyS — " By Monday next wo shall all be bard at work at the vintage of 1807. Some of our vinegrowers have already crushed tho Rcisling and white gropes, but the majority have been waiting for a little rain for the dark sorts. On Wednesday evening we bad in Albury a thurderslorui, will; u good rain for a few hours, and this, will; two cr three worm days following, will have a wonderful effect in swelling out the grapes. Down the river, about Corowa aud Wabguoynb, they com- menced two or three weeks ago, but it is to be i remembered that the climate thrro Is quite a fortnight in advance of that of Albury. Here the crop generally will not be great, but sorao first-class wines are expected.'' Tbe first number of tho Pleasant Creek Chro nicle has reached us. It is n very creditablo production. At tbe elecilon of a councillor for the borough of Hawthorn, which took place yesterday, Mr. William Jackson White was returned, without opposition, to fill the vacancy caused by the retirement of Air. D. Alackinnon, J. P. Tasmantan papers to tbe 30th ult. arc to hand by the stcnmolrlp Black Swan. The lighthouse rates on sailing vo-scls entering the ports rf that colony Invo been reduced from 01. to Gd. per ton. There appears to be little doubt thnt hydropic bin baa made its appearance In the Island ; a boy named Bowrlng, iu the opinion of snvernl medical mcu, died of the disease in IIobartTown. Ensign Thorns, charged with feloniously assaulting Kate Young, a girl under twelve yenrs of ape, has been further remanded. According to tho evldenco of the grandmother, given on Wednesday last, the child would appear to bo over twelve years r.f age. No answer had been received from Now Zealand in reference to the warrants forwarded to that colony. Bail was taken in the pri soner's own recognisanco for L1000, and two sureties (Capt. Alounteford Alorgan and Lieut. AI. Ilowitt, 14lh Rcgt.) in 1.500 each. A pa tent has been granted to the Rev.W. Richardson, of Avocn, for nn invention which p-oposes, says the Ilobart Town Mercury, to supersede steom as n motive power for railways, traction-engines, and road-carriages. As it dispenses with the use of fuel, wnter, and nny expensivo ngent,. nnd requires no engineering skill in its management, and is not linbie to dangerous accidents by ex plosions, it promises to be a valuable application of mechanical power, especially on the score of economy — nn engino on (his principle being estimated to cost about one-fourth of nn ordinary steam locomotive, nnd yet being more easily mansged and capable of greater 6pocd. Tho patent also includes its application to ship pur poses. It furnishes a mode of safe anchorngo for vessels, which secures them from tbe danger of dragging their anchors, breaking their cables, or going down at their moorings in open road steads, or in heavy gales. Tho following is tho report of the resident- surgeon of the Ljing-in Hospital, for the month ending 31st Alarch : — Remaining in hospital nt date, 29; admitted in month, 39; out-patients in month, 325 ; new cases in month, 55. Several country race meetings took place to wards the close of lost week. At Duno'ly, the Maiden Plate was won by Air. Poison's Knight of the Glen; the Town Plate, by Mr. Saqui's Mustang; tbe Ladies' Purse, by Mr. Poison's Cousin Jack; the Handicap Steeplechase, by Mr. Cobb's Booby; tha Handicap Consolatlcn Stakes, by Mr. Cobb's Bosb, with Cousin Jack second. At Balmoral, the Ala itlcn Plate was carried off by Mr. Jonea' Balmoral; tbe Hurdle Race, by Mr. Merry's Dangerous ; the Town Plate, by Air. Whitehead's Alary Ann. At Alerlno, tbe Mnlden'Plate fell to Air. Coldhom's Cyclone; the Town Piste, to Mr. Bell's Gny Lad; the Steeplechase, to Air. Lewis' Fair Nell; the Pony Race, to Mr. Fulton's Cymbelino; tbe Ildck Race, to Mr. rosb' Flatcntcher. A fancy bazaar will be held to-day and the three following days, at the town-holl, Haw thorn, in aid of the Church of England pnr- sooage, Camberweil. The bazaar will be made additionally attractive by musical entertainments in the evenings. A Mr. John Brown, well known in . mining circles, was taken into custody last evening, between Feotscray and Williamstown, on a charge of misappropriating mining scrip at Bal laarat. He will appear beforo the City Bench this morning. A gathering of aboriginals took place at tbe Western cricket ground, Ballaarat, on Monday night, and a native dance or corroboree attracted a considerable number of persons from the town. The spectacle of a number oi fantastically-dressed, paint-streaked blackfellows cutting their copers under tho light of coloured fires and to the music of clattering sticks, had a very weird effect, and produced tbe impression of demons at their orgies. ' Madame Celeste made her first appearance in -Ballaarat at tbo Thentre Royal on Alonday night, when tbe house was filled, and even crammed in most parts, soino few seals in tbe dress circle alone being vacant, Bitting room in Eomc other parts of the house not being obtainable. The H end- quarters' Band will play this after noon, from 3 to 5 o'clock, at the Filzroy Gardens, the following morccaux : — March, " Our Motto," Slede ; quadrille, " La belle Helena, " Strauss ; selection from " I Lom bard!, " Verdi ; overture, " Stabat Alater," Rossini; waits, "The Mabel," Godfrey; selec tion from " Faust," Gounod ; Hallelujah Chorus, Handel,- 