..'took on this Picture, and on .;?'* '' This.' , iMy DbajiBbll,— I arii a' modest man. It's an awkward thing to bo now,-a-days, but/. I ?ca'n't'hdp it ' I wish I wasuioro liko'ihy friend Slashingstile, who can come down with an ex cathedrd opinion upon any subject at a moment's notice. It is an enviablo thing to bd ablo to say '.'it is .so,' or !'it is not bo,' upon any topic which may bo started, no matter whether it bo the nature of the differential calculus or tho quality of tho nectar ordinarily liandod round to tho godB on Mount Olympus. But you' see. I can t do it. ty iu.my misfortune Being diffident, there fore, in forming my opinion upon any knotty point, I am naturally an ardent reader of tlio newspapers, wherein I can' so readily scciiro an opinion ready formed. But hero is my difficulty. Now and thon— not- often of courso — I find different newspapeis express ing different sentiments rosardiric tha Bnme subject, and I nm cant forth once more 011 a flea of doubt. . Such a casualty h»s occurred, I say, moro than once, but never do I ro member to havo been moro completely be trayed by my customary mentors thnu 011 a quito recent oocasion, which I will with your permission proceed to describe. Last Saturday evening, in common with a few other persons, I went to tho pit of the Haymarkot Theatre to witnesss thu Ilamlct of Mr. James Anderson. Led away by my ruling defect, I did aB othors about mo did ? clapped my hands aud bravoed a good deal. I did not form any strong conviction on tho merit of tho performance, for tho process seemed to mo no easy one, and I postponed it for a quiotor opportunity. I confoss that whon my right-hand neighbour remarkod, ''Isn't no~» 'great actor?'''r .answor'od 'Isn't ho?' arid that when my left-hand noighbour said, 'Not: half so'goodjas young Aldridge,' I replied, 'Not half 1 but Btill I didn't mean anything by that Howovor, --when I took up tho Argus on Monday I found to my satisfaction a strong opinion prepared for mo in good round terras. I. found Mr. Anderson to bo a mistake, at least in this charactor. ' Tho Argus toldmo — 'He has judged something unwisely in selecting tho character of Hamlet ns his opening part, inasmuch as it is not among thoso in which his most considorablo success has been achieved, and as it is very obvious that, with tho best intentions, it would bo difficult, if not impossible, for him to convey a really Sliakspearian idea of it, owing to the absenco of such personal qualifications ns tlio Shaks pcarian student invariably associates with it' I learned, further, that ho was a merestagey routinist with no touch of originality — ' He does not at all come into colTison with tho opinions of the majority of his audience, ,who no doubt ' prefer to seo in ' Hamlet ' a gentleman in black garments of a quasi mediaeval pattern, with a generally elongated expression of countenance, a habit of show ing a good deal of the whites of his oyes, and a tono of voico in thu main lugubrious, but with filjful manifestations of exceeding loudness.' I was also told 'you aro ob liged, to confess tho entiro absence of that power, of impressing tho spectator for which 110 amount of technical correctness can com to feel tho wonderful influenco tho cha racter is really capable of exercising ; you arpj never carried away by any magical iin prcssiverioss';df particular epispden or pas sages ; ' the reality of tho character docs not striko you ; it evokes no sympathy ; you do not yearn towards it with sorrowful tendernoss ;. you only feel that a good deal of success of a certain kind may bo accomplished by the observance .of rules and methods, and some carefully- balanced elocution. , It is not to be denied that such rules and methods in some hands have effected' a' far higher result than Mr. Anderson appears capablp of reaching in such parts as Hamlet ; but as 'it is tolerably well .understood that Mr.' Anderson is to bo seen at his beat in ''characters of an entirely different kind from, that of Hamlet, it is only fair to assume that when the circumstances are more favourable: for thecxerciso of tho resources of his art. ho will iiso'them to 'greater advantage.',' And probably_tho. reason, why ho 'has chosen to appear first in/Hamlctia that ho; might, whet to relish all tho more those- picturesque, if less abstractedly poetic,' imhorsoriatioris ' in which ho isbcliovcd to excel.. , ? ? -:/. ; ; . j . .This was. comforting to, my feelings— very — and 1 began to wonder 'why. I. had riot seen it all in this light on Saturday night, when, ; as': ill-luck would have it,! I paseod to 'tho next desk — I- was in a news-room at tho time— and commonced reading rtho\\. Age.. Heavens! what did I see ? ' A great actor, tho greatest we liavo had hero since Brboko.' 'A tragedian of tho first water;' tho first ,watcr — think 'of that!- -' Mr: AnderBori's ' rendering of tho character is strikingly ori gihalj' — strikingly original! can it,, bo?, Yes, more.' Read this :— 'All tho force,' all tho impulsiveness, all tho nobility of tho character wore pourtrayed with tho graphic, hand of a master of art,' and this : — 'His presence is commanding, and his face not only expressive, but peculiarly mobile. Liko Brooke, ho makes some of his greatest effects with tho eye ;' and my other mentor only referred to the whito of that effectivo eye. Horriblo ! horriblo 1 But what is this ? ' It was reserved for the closing scene of tho first act to disclose Mr. Anderson's great powers as an actor. Tho start of horror with which ho recognises tho presence of tho Ghost was worthy of the elder Kean.' And I missed, yes, absolutely missed, that start of horror. l'IU|t;o again and look for it, look carefully. But let me read on : — ' There was a vastity of despair in the reply to Horatio.' And my other mentor never oaught that ' vastity,' and I— I, Bell, dear ?Bell, pardon my ignorance, but what u a '? vastity ?' Novor mind ! I will yet read on : ' — 'It boota not to follow the actor mi nutely through a performance which, as a whole, is ono of the finest overseen in Mel bourne. Sufficoit to pick out f orcommendatiou three of the grandest of his sccues— the soli loquy commencing, ' Now I am alone,' which :brought the/curtain down on the .second act, .amidst a perfect storm of applause ; .the play scone ; and the closet scene. . These were all grandly -impressive;, the ?' last a' porfeot triumph. It is no exaggeration '-to- say' that, it was novor played so woll before in Mel bourne. The7cliang6 in' his voice' from ex quisite pathos,. as ho describes the virtues of his father to unutterable scorri, as ho turns to the pioturo of the king regnant, sent a thrill aI ? ?. ._T.-i.l._ 1 ? il ..'it : _ . ,?, ? , . '., vurouyu we noans 01 mo auaieucc, ana com manded tho liiumed silenco ? of what had hitherto been a demonstrative and, at times, noisy.erpwd.: Never was greater homage pajd to actor on tho boards of any theatre^ It was sucji a- scene, 'indeed, : as became painfully oppressive as.it proeeeded, and it .was somo moments after the curtain fell before the house recovered from 'the effect produced.'; Now, deaf. Self, what am I to do,?. Whoso opinions am I to abide by — th'oso 'of Snarl or Pnir? I am, I own it, ori the horns of a dilemma. 'Lift mo off, and earn tho eternal gratitude of yours, TIM TWITTJ3R, 