THEATRIOj^S. Boyal Victoria Theatre-''-?'?i<$-<i¿. '} Of nil his matchless productions tho distinction of being tile grandest conception of human genies, un- doubtedly belongs to Shakspcro's Hamlet. Tho just and beautiful reflections on tko naturo and condition of man -on time and eternity-giro Hamlet a oharaoter for sublimity beyond any othor of Shakspero's productions, and proportionate is tho triumph of any actor who can delinéalo the various phasos, philosophic and emotional, of this remarkable creation in a manner, which, while it makes tho unskilful applaud, can never causo the judi- cious tn griovo. Ono peculiar merit of this extraordinary. emanation from a master mind is, that its idiosynoraoies afford fuller scope for independence of delineation than in other of our grand bard's works, where tho dramatio movement is moro defined, and tho associated circum- stances less wild and irregular. Its obscurity forms a portion of its sublimity, and its final and completo appre- ciation is not in the power of any mau to olaim for him- self to tho exclusion of any conflicting opinions. It is the great arena for tho display of intellectual emulation, where originality tempered by judgment must bear the palm over raero conventionality. Thcso remarks have boon evoked by tho first appearance of tho eminent Tragedian, Mr James Anderson, on Tuesday night, in the oharactér in question. To say that Mr Anderson played Hamlettce/lis moro supererogation, inasmuoh as his claims to'rank as an actor ol pre-eminent ability were admitted, long ere ho probably dreamed of visiting the Antipodes, by tho most discerning and fastidious audionces of the play- going world. What wo assort is, that his picture of tho contemplative, philosophical and generous Prince of Denmark,-who is only goaded into passionato action by a supernatural visitation, and tho pressuro of terrible- and extraordinary circumstances,-if ever equalled, cannot be sarpassod. His first two acts, developing, as they do, the seorot springs which set tho machinery of his subse- quent conduct in motion, load naturally and impressively to their working in tho third act, and hence to the denouement, ho fairly carried his audience with him by a consummate union of art and nature-that art which is best displayed by its concealment, and that nature which warms by its genial flow tho coldest of his auditors into admiration. The play sceno, the closet scone, tho soliloquy-" Oh what a rogue and peasant slavo am I !" tho sceno with Opholia, and that with tho grave-digger wore all admirable, and his advice to tho player was a Uno combination of tho familiar with the didactic style. Add to this, that ho novcr doscendod to clap-trap or stage trickery, oithor in voice or notion, earning genuine and doserved applauso by legitimate effects, and that an agrecablo voice, a commanding figure andan expressiv o countonanco all lont their aid to his performance, a vory fair idea of Mr Anderson's qualities as exhibited on tho occasion may bo formed. Our notice has gone boyond its prosoribod limits already, so wo must confino our- selves to remarking that tho Queen of Mrs Heir; Opholia of Miss O. Goorgo ; Ghost of Mr B. Hoir, and Polonius of Mr Bogers were all equally excellent, and Mr Greville as tho grave-digger treated us to an ex- quisito littlo sample of Shaksporian comedy. Tho same reason will prevent our noticing Mr Anderson's Coriolanus, (in whian character ha mada his debnt ou tho previous Saturday,) exoapt that .it at once stamped him as a great success. It did not need Mr Anderson's appearance in Much Ado About Nothing, to provo him to bo a great actor, but it did need his doing so to show thut his forte is not alono Tragedy, but that ho ¡B equally at liomeas the fiery Coriolanus, tho philosophic Hamlet, or tho sprightly Benedick. His fino voice, gallant boar ing, and handsome prosonco stood him in good stead in , the Isttor part, and it is unquestionably One of the most dashing and spirituel representations ever witnessed on our boards. Mrs Heir was a charming Beatrice, in fact, never appeared to greater advantage, either as regards looks or aoting. Tho comedy was generally well played, and Mr Rogers'* Dogberry was the perfection of stolid imbecility. To-night Mr Anderson will appear as Richard m._ 