M. THIEKS ON FRENCH POLICY. (From the Saturday Review.) M. 'lunns has attacked the foreign policy of the Empire in a speech -which will be read with breath- less interest by most Frenchmen. Seldom has there been a more vigorous or skilful invective delivered aeainst tho conduct of the French Foreign Office. The moment was not inopportune. Half I* ranee has been wondering whether it is possible that the new I fangled policy of Imperialism is, after all, aseries of suicidal blunders, and that Napoleon III. is an over- rated man. M. Thiers has seized the critical occasion to pronounce with all the authority of a connoisseur that, considered as a diplomatist, the Emperor is a failure. The old tribune, which this year has re- appeared by Imperial permission in the Chamber, seems to have been restored just in time. The veteran debater and ex- Minister spoke of the familiar rostrum as of an old and valued friend, and, standing where he had not stood for twenty years, seemed like the ghost of old French Governments inveighing against the spirit of the new. M. Rouher, himsel no mean orator, was scarcely equal to the task o coping with the complete and polished essay of his animated antagonist. 1 he admiration of the Chamber was equitably divided between the two opposite harangues, but the vehement address of the Oppo- sition leader has produced out of doors a deep impres- sion which the assurances and protestations of the Minister have not yet removed. The charge brought by M.Thiers against the policy of the Empire is that it is not the policy of common sense. lt has only succeeded, he thinks, in leaving France stranded and isolated in the middle of the Continent. Her true interest, he conceives, is not' to preside over the rise of nationalities or the agglomeration of nations, but to stand by the balance of European power. Reduced to plain terms, this means nothing more than that, when Europe is weak, the French Empire will be strong. The "balance of. power" is only a courteous way of expressing the hopeless division of [ the Continent ; and M. Thiers's principle amounts to I a return to the old principles and ideas of former I regimts. Frenchmen are sorely tempted at present ot adept this line of thought. It has long been obvious to spectators [ that the military terrorism exercisedby France must wane as her success in revolutionising the Continent succeeded. When Italy accomplished her unity she feunded her political independence ; and as the Austrian frontier has receded in the Italian peninsula, French influence has receded in proportion. The Baroe process has taken place in Germany, as M. Thiers predicted three years ago would be the case. It is in vain for M. Rouher, in despair, to urge that the German Confederation in past years was as menacing a danger upon the French frontier as the new military league which is starting into existence under the auspices of Prussia. For purposes of s<;lf-defence the old Bund may have been equal to its new substitute. For offence, however, it was useless ; and so long as Germany was tripartite, she assembled a house divided against itself. M. Thiers is therefore right in maintaining that the battle of Sadowa has appreciably altered the situation of affairs ; and even M. Rouher, in a moment of candour, confessed during the debate that, for one moment after the defeat of Benedek, the Imperial Government itself experienced " a patriotic qualm." If this be so, it is natural that France should be dis- posed to sympathise with M. Thiers when he asserts that France has blundered. Ten years ago, after the Crimean war-a war of which, with all the instinct of an Old World politician, M. Thiers heartily ap- proves-Europe, side by side with the French nation, seemed as weak as water. Napoleon III. held the destinies of the world within the hollow of his hands. Russia was paralysed, Austria terrified, Prussia feeble and inactive, and the French Emperor sat in the midst like JEolus in the centre of his windy cave. Now everything has altered, and, if M. Thiers is correct, has altered for the worse. Italy, thanks to French intervention, has grown to maturity, and threatens to illustrate in her policy the old maxim of the ingratitude of nations. The peace of Villa- franca, for which Napoleon III. is respansible, led indirectly to the recent Prusso-Itulian alliance, and the consequent humiliation and defeat of Austria in Germany. Prussia, victorious and swollen with ter- ritorial annexations, is at the head of thirty millions of Germans. Lastly, roused into activity at the sight, and spirited to action by the changed conditions of Prussia and Austria, Russia is once more manoeuvring among the Christian subjects of the Porte, and I stretching her arm towards Constantinople. Mean- while France has exhausted her purse and fatigued her army in distant and fruitless military expeditions to Mexico and Rome. Her rulers have not had the nerve to arrest betimes the unwelcome progress of events. The friendship of Russia they forfeited by a chimerical agitation in favour of Polish revolution. They might, it is added, had they not thought themselves pledged to the doctrine of nationalities, have stayed the ambitious course of Prussia by an interference, in concert with the English people, on behalf of the Duchies of the Elbe, They did not even cast the sword of France into the scale when the fate of Aus- tria was weighed last summer in the balance. The result is that France is nowhere. In the words of M. Theirs, " il n'y a plus une seule faute à commettre." The French Government is in this curious dilemma, that it cannot answer this cogent argument without appearing to confess that the vast scheme introduced by the French Emperor for turning the whole able bodied population into an armed militia is uncalled for. M. Jules Favre, with the eye of a lawyer, saw this weakness in the Ministerial posi- tion, and drove his spear into the open- ing of the joint. De deux choses l'taie. Either France is not in imminent peril or she is. If she is, who brought the calamity upon her ? If she is not, why all these armaments, and these evident preparations for a coming contest : To this M. Rouher had really no answer ready. Nor was his language by any means as reassuring or as pacific as was necessary for the maintenance of his theory that France had remained unshaken hythe altered equili- brium of Germany. He asserted indeed that the re- lations between France and the Cabinet of St. Peters- burg never had be6n more friendly. But he went on in a tone of veiled menace to add that Russia must abstain from those very ideas of ambition the mere rumour of which has been agita- ting political circles, both in London and in Paris, for the last few months. In like manner he professed the most utopian wishes for the welfare and happiness of Prussia. But he added, with an air of mystery, that Count Bismark must not turn his thoughts towards the Zuyder Zee. It is difficult to decide whether this sert of tone is more soothing or alarming. It certainly is not an answer to M. Thiers. The Minister's reply to the averment that mattera might have happened differently had the Imperial Government acted with greater force and promptitude when stripped of its oratorical ornamenta, is very simple. As far as M. Thiers is concerned, who on a famous occasion adopted the same reasoning when he was Minister himself, it is a fair specimen of the argumentum ad Jiominem. God is great, says M. Rouher, and the current of events has been irresistible. The French Foreign Office could net fight against it. The stream carried France along with it, and it is not a crime to have been washed away. Se far from every single fault having been committed which ingenuity could commit, there has been no fault at all. The increase of Germany has been the will of Allah. This is a remarkable defence in the mouth of a prudent French Minister. One may be allowed to wonder what Germany will think of it. Count Bismark will scarcely deserve the character he has acquired for shrewdness if he is not as much forewarned as flattered by the free and homely bluntness of the spokesman of the Cabinet of the tuileries. If the statement of M. Rouher does not prove that the Empire has been wiEe in its diplomacy, it suggests to the plainest un- derstanding the reason why the Empire is about to arm. _ Natural as is the feeling of dissatisfaction at the rise of Prussia, which France exhibits no less than M. Thiers, it cannot be viewed with other than very melancholy misgivings by all lovers of European peace. It has often been said, and with considerable * truth, that the tranquillity of the Continent cannot be secure if the French nation is ill content. That dis- content prevails among ordinary French politicians is obvious from the temper with which the diatribe of M. Thiers was received. It is no use pausing to argue that the principles put forward by him are selfish and interested. Of course they are, and M. Thiers does not hesitate to acknowledge it. We sometimes hear English statesmen taking a feeble credit to themselves for refusing to look at foreign politics from any except a purely British standpoint. An exact parallel may now -be seen, on the oppo- site side of the Channel, in M. Thiers. To all theories about the interest of peoples and the rights of nationalities he has one convincing answer-J'aime mon pays. The patriotic point of view is the only one that he consents to recognise. To tell him that he ought to be a cosmopolite, and not merely a Frenchman, is to talk to him in a language which he does not care to speak. He looks on all ambitious schemes of foreign policy with the sceptical eye that Mr. Lowe directs in England towards the doctrines of flesh-and-blood Reform. The cheers he elicits and the sensation he creates are significant and full of warning. They, show that the French Cham- ber and the French nation are deeply affected by what he says. So much might have been expected ; but it is indeed a subject of anxiety when we find Impe- rial Ministers themselves a prey to the agitation which they pretend in public to repudiate. And the attitude of M. Rouher, reassuring though it is designed to be, is above all things an admirable specimen of the real folly of which the French Govern- ment during thelast twelve monthshas been guilty. It has vacillated between action and inaction. If it had boldly intervened to prevent the march of Prussia and the " agglomeration " of Germany, it might have marred or adjourned a great reform, but it would at all events have acted upon a consistent and intelligible plan. From so trenchant and, let us add, so unprin- cipled a move, the Emperor was preserved by his caution, his reason, and perhaps his conscience. But if he did not do this, the only statesmanlike course left was to accept heartily and freely the events which he had not the power or the will to avert. We fear that this has not been done. France remained in the condition which always makes France dangerous_ silent, but agitated and uneasy. She would not forbid Prussia's success, but she would not sympathise with it. M. Rouher could not bring himself last week to sympathise with it, even for the sake of winning a debater's victory over M. Thiers. The proffer of an English-French, alliance so kindly held out to us by M. Thiers and M. Rouher with both hands must, accordingly, be esti- mated at its true worth. Before entering on enter- prises of great pith and moment, England will pro- bably insist upon understanding for whom she is ex- pected to pull the chestnuts out of the fire, and whether the balance of power in Germany and the restoration of a French hegemony on the Continent is a matter in which she has as keen an interest as others that might be named. In many ways the French are a noble people. They cannot at present show their nobility better than by ceasing to repine at the altered fortunes of their neighbours, and by consigning the theories of M. Thiers to the library shelves appropri- ated to select morsels of perilous and seductive elo- quence. 