HAYMARKET THEATRE. MR. ANDERSON AS RICHARD THE THIRD. It is a proof, if proof were wanted, that the Melbourne public are well disposed towards the Shaksperean drama, that though crowds assembled to witness Richard the Third at the Theatre Royal, on Saturday night, crowds were still to be found to fill the greater portion of the rival house. If vociferous applause is to be regarded as a sign of popular estimation, Mr. Anderson has no cause of complaint against his Victorian patrons. Pit and gallery, on Saturday night, vied with each other in giving boisterous token of earnest approval of the delineation of the crook backed tyrant Mr. Anderson set before them. Nor was this approval undeserved. Mr. Anderson's Richard is, in our opinion, vastly superior to his Macbeth, less uniformly termagant, more discriminating, and, as a consequence, far more effective. Taking the Cibberean hotch-potch known as " Richard the Third" for what it is worth, and foregoing our desire to criticise the compiler rather than the actor, we are happy to have it in our power very heartily to commend the latter's version of the irredeemably repulsive character which stage custom, based on eighteenth century barbarism, has presented to his hands. Laying aside the nice gradations by which Shakspeare has, in his previous historical plays, developed the character of Gloucester, and regarding him as he stands as something utterly and unapproach- ably inhuman, Mr. Anderson's Richard has many points in it which touch on greatness. The one virtue left him, courage, is made the most of and so far as a bad but lofty ambi- tion may evoke sympathy, the opportunities afforded for its exhibition are promptly seized. The villany which is the prevailing characteristic of the creation, is regally maintained, and Mr. Anderson, more than many of his distinguished predecessors, constantly reminds you that Richard is every inch a king, albeit a fiendish one. At the opening of the play Richard's apparent satisfaction at the ascendancy of the "sun of York" was made somewhat too real, and the sneer which should have accompanied the chant of triumph was missing ; but the succeeding dispraise of himself, and recogni- tion of his incapacity to play any part but that of the villain, was delivered with excellent elecutionary effect, quietly but intensely as it should be, reminding the specta- tor closely of the manner of Charles Kean in the same soliloquy. The scene of the murder of the king, which Cibber, with ingenious in appropriateness, tore from "Henry the Sixth," and stuck in here after the announcement of the triumph it helped to procure, was carefully played throughout, the extraordinary passage commencing : " What, will the aspiring blood of Lancaster . Sink in the ground?" being spoken in a manner very different from that against which we have more than once protested. The encounter with Lady Anne generally leaves the audience in a state of wonder that ever woman was in this humour won, and Mr. Anderson's wooing was not exceptional. Any lady who could be cajoled by such open and apparent assumption of tenderness and repentance as he displays deserved all the suffering, and more, resulting from her credulity and stupidity. Mr. Anderson's love-making does not strike us as being his strong point, and those who heard him declare that he had a tongue could wheedle with the devil must have concluded the devil to be fully as imbecile as he is generally represented to be. In the briefer and more sudden displays of hypocrisy Mr. Anderson thrive far better as, for instance, his suppressed delight when in formed of the illness of King Edward, his lowly beseeched for his mother's blessing, and his affectation of piety in the presence of the Lord Mayor and citizens. This last-mentioned scene, however, was somewhat marred by a final display of the besetting sin of the school of actors of which Mr. Anderson is a disciple-the sacrifice of nature and likelihood to what is termed in stage- slang "point." The back of the civic deputation was scarcely turned-some of the scarlet-clad citizen supers were still upon the stage when Richard flung away his prayer-book, and roared out at the top of his voice the words of jubilation which Cibber has put in his mouth. It could only have been fear of the manager which prevented Mr. Gill, the representative of the city magnate of the period, from turning back and protesting that he and his confreres had been taken in, and that Richard was not the pious paragon which Buckingham- Hoskins-had given him out to be. Why should every atom of probability be outraged in this way, and such illusion as the scene is capable of conjuring up in the minds of the audience be completely shattered ? Richard's declaration of hatred of his wife was more effective than the precedent court- ship, and inasmuch as all must have felt how richly the lady had merited her grief, there were no compunctious qualms to mar the enjoyment of a forcible but not overdone piece of acting. -In the throne scene, where Richard suggests the murder of the princes to Buckingham, Mr. Anderson's face formed a capital index to his ruthless designs. Pit and gallery could make no mistake about it nor did they. Never having seen any one proposing to a confederate the massacre of two young children, we cannot positively assert whether these facial contortions be natural to the situation or not, but they are time-honored on the stage, as witness Hamlet telling the murderer in the play to "leave his damnable faces and begin." In the concluding portion of "Richard the Third", there is much scope for bustle and excitement, and Mr. Anderson was equal to the occasion, without manifesting any desire to " out- Herod Herod." The last act was better done than we have previously seen it in Melbourne. The intention of Shakespeare, in the rapid succession of opposing scenes, wherein Richmond and Richard alternately take part, was admirably worked out, the stage resources being skilfully developed for the occasion. In place of clumsily shifting scenes after the ordinary pattern, the stage was divided by a drop-scene, which on rising disclosed a seemingly extensive tract of country whereon the army of Richmond appeared and his encampment was fixed. The ghost scare was managed in a similar way, and altogether the whole of this act, which generally is absurd enough, was far more effective than we have been accustomed to see it made. In other respects we may felicitate the management on the manner in which the piece has been placed upon the stage. With your extravagant outlay, there has been a careful attention to details, both of scenery and accessories, which greatly assists the general effect of the representation. The secondary characters, too, are fairly sustained the female ones especially. Mrs. Heir as Queen Elizabeth, Mrs. Woolridge as the Duchess of York, and Miss St. Denis as Lady Anne, added greatly to the efficiency of the scenes in which they appeared, and Richmond and Buckingham found intelligent interpreters in Messrs. Heir and Hoskins. For the closing combat, however, Mr. Heir was apparently unprepared by sufficient rehearsal. That he should be able to resist the vehement onslaught of Richard seemed ludicrous, and nothing but the exigencies of the drama could excuse his final triumph. 