HOW TO TAKE A TURKISH BATH. TO THE EDITOR. A TURKISH BATH. Sir—As a great deal of misapprehension seems to exist as to the Turkish Bath, I think that a few words of advice from one who (as a bather) has had much personal experience, and derived much benefit from their use, will not lie unac ceptable, or deemed intrusive by the general public. I will commence by advising what should not be done:— First—Do not take a bath immediately after a hearty meal. Secondly (and most important)— Never take a bath if you. are, ever so slightly, under the in fluence of stimulants. Thirdly—Do not bathe unless you have the time to spare for the roll development of the benefits to be derived from the use of the bath, say from an hour and a half to three hours. Fourthly —Do not bathe if you have any organic disease of the heart, as the heat accele rates the pulsation. Fifthly—lf your doctor tells you not to bathe, and gives you no reason for his prohibition, but merely pooh-poohs the idea, while confessing his ignorance of the whole matter, pay him his bill, drop him, and go to the bath, when having entered, undress yourself, and place your garments in such order that you can rapidly re-robe; then enter the first warm room, walk about, rub your body, and endeavour in every way to create a gentle perspiration. If you are not in good health, the liver or other organs of secretion being out of order, the first time of bathing this will take some time; but persevere, and don't be in too great harry to go to the hottest room. (This is truly a valuable suggestion.) But when in a. gentle perspiration, advance into the calidarium. Do not let the attendant put a drop of water on you, but drink freely of cold water, quarts, gallons, if it so please you ; it will all return through the pores, and afford intense relief. If you suffer from torpidity of the liver, kid neys, or your lungs have that stuffy feeling that denotes functional derangement, get the at tendant to gently rub you (while in the hot room) in the region of those organs. Keep on rubbing yourself, diversifying the rubbing by brink walking about, till your perspiration is com plete, and you "feel that you have had enough of it." Then return to the warm room, lie down on the slab, and let the shunpooer "do his spiriting gently," rubbing; you from head to foot in the direction the muscles take, so as to clear the pores, but not to injure the cuticle. If he is too rough (for skins differ) and persists in rasping, kneading, pinching, and in other ways annoying yon, knock him down, and see how he likes your style of manipulation. Then to the water-room, where warm water will remove the offensive matter previously held in the pores of the skin, be well lathered, and then have the water gradually lowered in tem perature till you can bear the cold douche, a rapid rub with a rough towel, a return to the warm room for three minutes, back again, another cold douche for a few seconds, then be dried, wrapped in your sheet with a towel on your head, like an amiable ghost; lie down on a mattress, well tucked up, and you won't care even if you have a bill due to-morrow, and funds shaky. Lie still until you feel an incli nation for air, then gradually emancipate your self, arm by arm, leg by leg, and your body revels in the cool temperature of the frigida riuin. Then dress quicldy, dont dawdle, and take a brisk walk of half an hour. It is very possible that the first, second, or third bath may not have the perfectly beneficial effect, but perse vere, and yoa will soon find out the benefit of taking 