REMARKABLE •isa DELUSIONS. IN the Gourt of JJrobate Sir J. P, 'Wilde gave judgment,-in ao. extraordinary will case. A MM.. Thwaytpfl, jately, repidept at Hydepark-gardens and Worthing, bad : dif)d, leaving, by will, the whole of her valuable" pro- ;perty, estimated at £4(^,000, to, her'medical Attendant, Dr. Smith, and Mr. Samuel Smith who wei® rejated tp her. This. will Was die! putedby thadepeased's sister, Mrs,Tebbitt, on the. ground that the deceased was ipeapable. of making a„ will. Tjhe trial revealed some extraordinary ftwtg. The whole history, of the testatrix was retqarkatye. She was origiotjly of, 1 - very humble' tjii^ but a wealthy city, tradeamaixuiade -ier 'hia wife, and at big. death, a,fe.w. years ago, he left her thei enormous fortune. of;-£400,000. Son® time before his death her. extraordinary illusions began, tp manifest thetRBglve/s, "Her husband was.devotedly. attached, tp her, but she. took, it into., he.r head tbat he wapt<$ to poison her, and.a, year or two before , ejtte became a, widow she fancied , t^at she was seized by blindpessAndes', physically bprn new. b.p^y, bones, n,erves and, blood. From tjtis .period.date^ the beginning of a conception on.her^ part, that, she was a na ember .of thq.Trinity. 1 She spenj; £15,000 in fitting,up, the drawing- rpom.of, her bouse in.Hyde-park, for the judgment o'ftte world afc the last day, and prpvjded herself with a superfine chignon as^%opronet, of diamonds that she might^play her part, with du? splendor on that occasion' In Dr, Smith, whose first acquaintance with fy^.a'ppears. to coincide with the. beginning, of the hallucination, she recogniBed;apotJ)p^ perapij of the Trinity. She was accustomed;tp, declare tjiat, ehe was the Hqly Ghost, the third' person in the Trinity, and Dr. Smitb was the Father j that Bhe.WAB abqye Gpds Beven degrees.;. that she sent thp choleia or the infipenz^ through all creation, that it had. tp go through her first j^tbat the brutes bad been attempting. to poison hpr j. thaifc she had gone through the new birth—every bone and sinew and drop, of blood badbeeji made new ;,tbat if the Almighty lost her t everything would go to chaos,- tbat she was about to bring forth the Saviour pf tho world; that shp held direct communication with the Esther; that she was the first great cause and the pivot, on which the world bung; and when the work was finished she would have Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle ,v that she and the doctor made the thunder, and the lightnipg, and were in their glory in,a good thunderstorm; that they were the SMfeme beings, and communicated together, though they were absent from one another j. that the judgment of the world was to take place in her drawing-room in Hyde-park, at^Tthat she was to take part in it with the l^pi^ Jesus Christ i|i connection with Dr. Smith. Dr. Smith, sjhp often declared, knew everything she did j when he came to see hetonpe a fortnight it; was then they managed, fjl their affairs, that was the express time the work was carried on. What ever the " work" was, Dr. Smith made a good thing of it. When her husband waB lying dead and before his burial, she made a draft will (dated December 19th, 1834), by which, with the exception of about £50,000, she bequeathed all-the. vast property she had just acquired to Dr. Smith, who was a stranger to her by blood, and whom she had known, only since, the illness two years before, when her mad notions about the Trinity first appeared. This, was followed by' an annuity of £8,000 to, the Bailie gentleman in payment for the trouble he took in drawing dividends for her, and by donations amounting altogether to nearly £50,000. Mr Samuel Smith, the doctor's brotheij, also obtained a free lodging in her house and £400 a year, although Mrs. Th way tea appears to have bad a personal dislike to. him. Nor did the influence of the Smith family stop here. When Mrs. Thwaytes. came into her fortune, she was \ery kind to her tyster, Mrs. Tebbitt, proriding a honjse for her, and giving her £30,000: but only a year pr so later, only a triyial difference of opinion aB to the cadetship. for young Tebbjljt, she turned her sister out of doors, declaring before all the household $ hat she was the " child of a devil.'-' Ju taking this step Mrs. Thwaytes said that she acted by the advise of her friends, and the Judge Ordinary finde it difficult to. suppose that Dr. Smith wag not ope of the friends"- who influenced her against her sister. The testator's mode of life was very simple, and her expenses moderate—within £2,000 ; or £3,00ft a year. But a^ her death she left barely as njuch as she had received from her husband.. "What became of the rest is not kno.wn. It may have been absorbed in the «.' work" of the Trinity, for which there are n,o vpucbers or accounts, or simply muddled away by bad management. By the will now overthrown Dr. Smith and bis brother were made residuary legatees to amp.unt of £18,000- She did not always name the satnei persons as constituting the Trinity, and onp witnees went so far as to say that she spoke of introducinga fourth person into it. Notwithstanding, again, her belief in her immortality, she ordered in 1864 a v^ult to. be prepared for her own burial and that of Dr. Smith. She betrayed not the least enthusiasm. If oontr^dicted or disbelieved, sl^e only eaid, " I see you are not rightly constituted," or " Go and take a walk," and she would not renew the subject. She scarcely ever went to churob, and indeed on her own principles there was little reason why she Bhould. She went to churoh once at Canterbury, and theye heard a sermcnn whioh, according te her delusion, ^as about herself. Shp sought, however, to make no converts; Bhe promulgated no doctrines^ slip made no efforts of sacrifices tp advanoe her belief. 0,n thp contrary, ghe lived % quiet, regular, and simple lifp. She always took an early dinner, she slept in the afternoon, and enjoyed % gamp of wbiBt in the evening. In short, the persuasion undey which she labored was a purely mental delusion, a disease of the mind, and nothing more or less. The Jpdge Qrdiu^ry delivered an elaborate judgment. He adopted the doctrine laid down in Waring v. Wiring that ".a person who is the subject of monomania, however sensible or prudent on all subject^ and occasions other than thpse which are the Bpccial subject of his apparent infirmity, 15 not in law capable of making a will," and being pf opinion that the' evidence fully established the monomania, be held that the will was not legal, and therefore fell to the ground, and her beir-at-law will succeed te her property A GREAT Pur.—It is a pity for merely helpless young girls of fashion that they ^vere not born to the paradise of a tbree-feggeg stool, with a fine cow tp milk. 