TASMANIAN'S TREATMENT OF A WHEEL- BARROW. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir,-Will you allow me space to relate the sad tale of a wheelbarrow, or, to be exact, six wheel- barrows ? Having recently purchased the Kangaroo Point freestone quarries, I sent six wheelbarrows from Melbourne in order that the men who had been thrown out of employ by the stoppage of the quarries, con- sequent upon the change of owners, might commence work again before I could come over here to examine the quarries and determine upon my plan of operations. Arriving here the other day I found they had been landed and were in use, but my foreman gave mo the unwelcome intelligence that I had been charged two shillings per foot cube - twelve shillings each, or three pounds twelve shillings duty for the six wheel- barrows. The cost of these wheelbarrows was in Melbourne twelve shillings each, so that, of course, makes the duty charged one hundred per cent. I have been through a course of studies in algebra, geometry, and the exact sciences, and have had con- siderable experience in measurements of all kinds, but how the skilled Customs officer cubed this wheelbarrow is still a dark mystery to me, whether he called it an equilateral rectangle and multiplied it by the hypotheneuse of a triangle taken from the base of the wheel to the ends of the handles, whether he was startled at the sight of a wheel- barrow, and being of a poetical turn of mind ex- claimed with Macbeth : " What is this I see before me ?" Whether the ghost of Banquo in the shape of a wheelbarrow hovered before his eyes, and put him in mortal fear, or whether he " screwed up his courage to the sticking point," measured it by the Act, which is of a piece with the problem of cubing the contents of a wheelbarrow, whichever of these, he evidently came to the conclusion that he had done the deed, and I had to pay the piper to the tune of £3 12s., which is descending from the regions of poetry to matters of fact. Yes, Mr. Editor, I purchased those wheelbarrows for 12s. each, and I paid the same amount for duty here, but if the mischief ended at that, there would be no occasion for me to write the tale of a wheelbarrow, but I want to construct a tramway and trucks, erect machinery, all of which are bulky, and 2s. per foot amounts to a prohibitory duty. What then is to be done in my case ? It appears to me Kangaroo Point must do without these appliances, and the people there will have the advantage of having the freestone still underground, buried like the talent of the man, who from holy writ possessed but one, for I cannot suppose the tale of a wheel- barrow will affect the powers that be, or influence them to pursue a more statesmanlike policy than taxing the poor man's tools cent, per cent., and stop- ping the development of the resources of the colony, which is the life blood of its revenue. I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, JOHN YOUNG. Webb's Hotel, Juno 3rd, 1867. BoAiin or Education.-There was no mooting of tho Board of Education yesterday. Biuckpiblds Depot.-Tho usual monthly mooting of tho Board of Management of the ahovonamod institution was duly convoned for yesterday after- noon. Tho only members, however, who worn ablo to attend wore Sir. Macdowell, chairman, mid Mr. Sheehy ; Mesara. Cook and Salier being occupied in tho performance of public duties as moinbors of tho Orphan Asylum Commission, and Mr. Konnorloy having a pi casing engagement of a private nature Tho attendance being consequently insufficient to form a quorum no business was transacted, but it was arranged thit tho Board should moot on Thurs- day noxt at 3 p.m., whon a larger amount of business than usual will probably bo disposed of. Sunday School Entertainment.-On Monday evening a tea anl social meeting took place at Camp boU-stroet Churoh of England Sunday school, on tho invitation of S. Westbrook, Esq., Superintendent, on occasion of tho visit of the Itov. Mr. Allanby of Victoria, formerly a teacher at the school. Among tho company wero tho Revs. Mossrs. Co«, Devonport, Smith, Bromby, G. B. Smith, Allanby, und Sraules, Messrs. T. Westbrook, Abbott, Kirkby, Birch, &c;, &o.; After toa, there was a performance of vocal and instrumental music, several ladies presiding in turn at tho piano. The evening was spent in a very pleasant and harmonious mannor, and tho company separated between 10 and 11 o'clock. Cokoneu'b Inquest.-An inquest was hold yester- day hfternoon at Mr. Pross's, Butahors' Arms Inn, Argylo-stroot, before A. B. Jonos, Esq., coronor, and tho usual jury, touching tho death of William Wil- kinson, a coach smith, in tho employ of Mr. Mcpher- son, in Collins-street, aged about fifty years, who died suddenly on Sunday morning last, at his lato rosidonco in Patrick-streot. After hearing tho ovi doncc of Jane Wilkinson, widow of deceased, and tho testimony of Dr. Brooko, who mado a poat martin} examination of tho body, tho jury roturnodavordiot in accordance with tho modioalovidonoo that deceased died from natural causes, namely, sanguineous apo ploxy. Tub Aiisconueii Swan.-In roforonco to tho para- graph whioh appoarod in yostorday's issuo on tho subject of the alleged escape of tho abovo-namod abscondor from a party of constables at Bridgowator, wo aro requested to slate that none of the constables saw tho man whon tlioy approached tho houso. This, howovor, is by no moans inconsistent with tho state- ments mado in tho paragraph, which appear to bo substantially correct. . WoiiKiNQ Men's Cluii.-Tho usual weakly lecture in connoction with tho Working Mou's Club was dolivorod last ovoning, by tho ltov. Goorgo Clarke, whon thora was a very numoious and rospoctablo attendance. Tho Hon. Sir It. Dry occupied tho chair, and briefly introduced the lecturer, who read a very admirable paper upon .' English Novels." Ho reviewed tho various classes of works into which English fiction is divided, commenting upon tho talents of tho novelists, and roading passages froin somo of tho host productions of our modorn authors. Tho looturo was listened to with inuoh attention, and Mr. Clarke was frequently applauded in the course of its dolivory. Mechanics' Institute.-Wo remind our roadors that tho ovoning classos for singing and drawing, in connoction with the Mochanics' Instituto, aro to bo oponed this ovoning, undor tho management of Mr. W. J. J. Roynolds. Tho singing class will opou at a quarter to seven, and tho drawing class at eight o'clock. Accident on the Hivsii.-On Wednesday lost an accident occurred on tho rivor off Franklin Island, by which the gainokeeper thoro had a narrow escapo from drowning. It appears that having despatches to forward to town, ho put off in his boat to catch tho cutter Royal William. Tho vossol rounded too, for the _ purpose of picking him up, a stiff broozo blowing at tho time, when by some accident "Old Aloe" got his boat botwoon tho Btern of the vessel and tho dingy, whioh was towing astern. Sho was at onco ovorturnod, and the gamoKoopor precipitated} into tho wutor. Ho managed, however, to grasp tho painter of tho cuttor's dingy, and was diiiggod by it for a considerable dis- tance. , Mr.iSpalding, master of the cutter, rendered iminodinto nssistanco, and the man was safely taken on board. The boat was afterwards recovorcd by tho crow of tho cutter. Police Couiit Kosteu.-Tho Magistrate whoso name is on tho rafter for attendance at the Police Court to-day is O. M. Maxwoll, Esq. ' , Lettehs posted yesterday imsuffloiontly stamped ; MiBs J. Gunn, Launceston; Miss Mary O'Brion, New Town. 