N'.OGFORD. (From our own Correspondent POLIOE OOURT. Friday, A4,uguirt 9. (Before the Warden and J. D. Toosey, Esq.) Charge against a Postmaster.-John Read-, nlg, postmaster at Cressy, was charged with having on' the 8th' Jly last, opened a letter addressed to John Pearce. Defendant pleaded not guilty. The following is a sum. mary of the evidence: William Hart, aworn-I live in Launeeston, and keep an ironmongery establishment there; on an early day in July, I posted' a letter for John Pearce, of Oressy; It contained a small account ; I cannot state the 'exact day it was posted. I sent it to the Launceston post office. Ann Jacob, sworn-I am postmistress at Longford I I make up a daily mail for roesy ; It is my custom to tio'all letters in a parcel with a piece of string; I did so on the 8th July; among the letters sent to Gressy 'that day was one for John 'Pearce; I did not notice it was open when I sent it;-I know there was a letter for Pearce on that day, be. cause it is entered in my book ; II received a communication from Mr. Reading the same day; it was soat'in the return mail bag; I think it came on the satme day, but am not quitesure. This is it (prodcned) "Memo (no date)-A letter came in the bag yesterday, addressed to a resident' at Greasy, which had been opened, not by simply being loose, but had been torn open in' the usual way of opening a letter. Two gentlemen were in the office at the time, and saw the let ter in the state. Can you eplain for my in fobrmation how it was opened ?-J. R." I sent this reply-. "Longford (no date)-Sir, I havenoknow ledge of a letter leaving my office as you describe.-ANN JAcon." William Drew, sworn-I live' at Mr. Toosey's, near Creasy; I remember being at the Cressy post-office one day. in July when the mail bag came from Longford with an. open letter in it ; defendant took it up and said-" here's a pretty state for a letter to come from the Plains post-office ;I was near enough to see the envelope was open ; I am very near-sighted-I cannot tell the ditference between blank and printed paper at a yrd'e distance; 'Mi. Graves came in shortly after .wards, and defendant picked the letter off the table and showed it to hi.a'; I d ibt know the contents, nor did I see the letter taken 'out and read; it was thrown back on the table; I heard nothing about a meerschaum pipe, or about a march and sealing wax I thought the letter looked something like a bill ; 1 have had no consersation about this ease with defendant, nor didl I tell the Superint n lent of Police that I had spoken to Mr. Toosey about it; I left :the post- office about ten minutes after the mail came; I left Mr. Graves and defendant there. By the Bench-Defendant said the letter was addressed to Mr. Pearoe; defendant and I were on opposite sides of the table, about I1 yards apart; when defendant spoke to Mr. Graves about the letter, Graves advised defendant to write to the Longford post-office about it. Examined by defendant--I have brought Mr. Toosey's post for two years, your constant habit is to turn the contents out of the bag upon the floor ; I think you wrote to Long ford post- olBee that day; your post-office is in a private room s you did not go out of the room while I was there. Re-examired--I always go into the private room when I go for the post. Cross-examined-It is your custom on the receipt of the Longford mail before yeo assort the letters to despatch the return mail as once;.the paper you wrote to the Longford Police Office was sent bytthe return mail. . By the Benoh, at the request of the Superin tendent of Pulice-I did not tell the Suporin tendent of Police that the said letter was a bill from Mr. Hart for lle.; I do not think I told the'Superiatendent of Police that I had told Mr. James Toosey that I expected to come to the Police Office about it. ,;John Woodcock Graves was next sworn- Mr. Tocsey: AMr. Graves, before you give your evidence I wish to ask you if you believe in the Bible ? Witness : I do tot consider you. ought to ask such a question. The Warden: What do.you understand by the oathyou have just taken ? Witness-: I con sider I am bound by all laws to tell the truth. Examined by Superintendent of Police: I was at defendant's store on the 8th of July when the Longford mail arrived, but did not go ihto the post-office till about a minute afterwards ;I went for my newspaper : de fendant and Drew were thrra ; defends at said, "_I want you to look at this letter, here's another letter come open ;" I asked "Who is it for ?" and defendant said "Pearce ;" I said, "Do you suppose he is conspiring with Camp bell and Nickolls to ruin you ?" Mrs. Reading then came In; I. suggested the use of fine sealing-wax instead of Government wax ; she went out and returned with a candle and seal iog-wa ; Drew, defendant, and I stood at the points of an equilateral triangle, about a yard and' a half- from each other; 1 said "Give me the 1.tter and I will seal it ;" I ex amined it particularly, and found it had been carefully .opened; I advised defendant to write - immediately to the Longford post-office. When defendant was about giving nte the letter, he said-" Stop, I will see what is in this," and took the conlo sure out of the envelope, and read the con tents aloud'; it was a claim from Mr. Hart for 11s. and Lome pence; he returned the enclosure to the envelope, and gave it to me to seal; Mrs.' Reading brooght a meerobham pipe with a seal on it, and she or I sealed the envelope; the same day I hoard defendant call to Pearce, and tell him there was a letter for him; I am positive that Drew was pre sent when the letter was opened, and hoard the contents read-if he has sworn otherwise he has committed perjury. Cross-examined by defendant--I resided with you in May, June, and July; I left on July 12 ;'Idid not see you when I left; it was early in the morning, and you were ris ing; when I lived with you I was not inti. mate with Pearce; I was a :witness against him in this Court on the 28th of June; I have said 'publicly that Pearce was. not so much to blame as the magistrates who granted him the license; I swear I am not, and never was, intimate with him; I have been in the Cressy Hotel only twice, I think, since I left your house; 1 have not stated publicly that I would .ause the post-office to be removed, and assist a man named Beatty in Retting the situation. By the Bench-I have not had a cross word with defendant, but have not been on good terms with him since he robbed me; I have been 'in a lunatio asylum; I was not under restraint, but went in and out as I liked; I told F. Burton and his wife, Camp bell, and others about the letter; I made no secret of it; I did not tell Pearce until he .was writing to Government about it ; Campbell told me that Pearce wanted to sce me; I had then left defendant's house; I went to Pearce and assisted him in composing the complaint to the Postmaster General; Pearce asked me if I heard the letter read at the post-office, and I said " Yes, it was a demand for 11es 3d or 11e 6d from Mr. Hart." He said'" That is the very sum. I had heard many complaints about letters being opened, and that was why I asked if, there was a conspiracy by Campbell and Nickolls ; I have since altered my opinion, and I do not think there was a conspiracy ; it is twenty.five years since I was in a lunatic asylum; I have not been in the habit of writing letters damaging defendant's character; I wrote to Altr. Toosey and also to Mr. Acker. nan about defendant. John Pearce, a corn-I am a licensed victualler residing at Cressy ; on the 8th July I received a letter from the post-office ; defendant called me in as I was passing the di or and gave it me; i was an account from Moessrs. W. & F. Hart ; I was told the coni tents of that letter by two or three parties before I had divulged them to anyone. Croes-examiced by defendant-I forwarded a charge to Hobart Town last Fri day or Saturday week; I was told that Mr. Graves would be able to give me all infor mation as to opening and re-sealing the letter a my informant was Mr. Campbell, Mr. Nickollas' storekeeper; I did not mention the fact of the letter being opened to you, as postmaster ; I was bound over to keep the peace towards you in this Court on tlie 28th of June; I cannot produce the said envelope and enclosure; 1 received another letter that day; it was not addressed to me by name but to the Hotel. By the Bench-I have mislaid the envelope and cannot find it ; I had no snaspicion of the letter having been opened when I received it; Mr. Graves gave me the information I re quired ; I was not assisted by any one when I wrote to the Postmaster-General; I required no one to dictate that letter. I think my father-in-law was present when I wrote that letter. I did not send for Mr. Graves to assist me in composing that letter; Mr. Graves and I are on speaking terms; he has only been in my house once lately, while I was present; before I divulged the contents of that letter, I heard the contents from Campbell and others. The defendant said he would admit reseal. lug the letter, which postmasters were em powered to do, in.the event of any open letter coming under their notice, and read a lengthy, able defence. The Magistrates retired for about half-an hour, and on returning into Court the War den stated that after giving the evidence their most earnest attention, his brother Magis. trite and himself were unable to agree, and therefore the case would be dismissed. In the hurry of writing, an error inad vertently crept into my report of the meeting to establish a broanch of the Launceston Savings, Building, and Investment Soeiety. It was Mr. M'Mahon, and not Mr. Barton, who seconded the election of Messrs. Barton, Hartnoll, Botchinson, and Nickolls, as a pro visional committee,) &oc.; Fifty-seven shares have been already taken up.. The School-room on Friday evening was again crammed at the weekly penny reading. H. B. Nickolls, Esq., in the chair. The following was the programme Pianoforte solo; reading, the Musical But cher, Mr. J. M'Mahon; recitation from Julius Cmear-Brutus on the death of Cmsar, and Mark Antony on the death of Cmsar, Mr. F. Adam; sone, I'd be a butterfly ; reading from Pickwick, Mr. W. W. Barton; recita tion, the baker and the boy, Mr. Ronald Salt marsh; pianoforte solo; reading, the peri. patetic stationer, Mr. W. Hartnoll, jun.; song; reading, recollections ofa working man ; finale, God save the Queen. If your correspondents, Jorrocks, W. Hart noll, and F. B. Watson, had taken the trouble to road my communication of the tth instant they would have read as follows:-" I believe I may state that any application to the Gar. rick Club, asking for an entertainment in aid of benevolent purposes, will meet with duoe consideration." Mr. Watson has admitted to me that he thought the words "in Launces ton" followed the word "entertainment." It is just as probable that I should have written " in Hong Kong." If Messrs. Jorrooks eand Hartnoll cannot understand plain English, surely I am not expected to provide them with.brains. As to Mr. Hartnoll's inuendo that my "imagination frequently outruns the region of facts," I treat it with the contempt it deserves; 'my character stands too high to be injured by him. "The moon walks on in brightness, though the dogs bark at it." FOur correspondent has correctly quoted the sentence which has quite undesignedly pro dneced such a direful result. " Achille' wrath to Greece" was nothing to it. The truth is, these literary gentlemen are over sensitive, and in fighting with ghosts of their own creation they sometimes knock their fists against the wall. Our correspondent no more intendel to claim undue distinction for the Longford Garrick Club than there was a desire to injure his character on the part of -ir. Hartnoll.. As it is quite clear that this controversy has arisen from a misunderstand. ing we hope it will now be forgotten, and in no degree be allowed to interrupt that kindly feeling between individuals which is so essen tial to the harmony and happiness of a small community.-En. L. E.] 