ROYAL BALL. " Jvilo virei honore." ' L'dlal e'est moi. Ladies Only. ' . " He flourisiietti through the ' honor of his nhtiesiors !" so will we. Query?— What wero they t havo patience, wc will See, -President ! — Ladv Sunsot. , Treasueer i — Lndv Morning. Secretaries :— Mrs. BiigateUo. Mrs.- — — Quo. -committee!- Mrs Tromblewoll Mrs Froozura . Mrs Pilli Potion - Mrs Suopharino Hitts Mrs Hidoous-Grimson Mrs Aignoau Mrs Postum ICnookor Mrs Swallow :Mrs Fra Diuvolo Mrs Stirncpn Todgors Mrs Barley Mrs Turnum . Mrs Lamkin . Mrs Sneqzum Mrs Lilly Putt Mrs Beelio-la-mor! Mrs Foddor-. Mrs Borons and. 1 Mrs Moslios Other "Tubbios;" ! ; ( Bailey,- Sonior . ....... : - Sergeant at Arms, Muco Buaror, -Messenger,, etc.- Stewards (of . long standing, niuoli enduring natures)', in another room.wlien wanted, as they will bo, !wlioii; " Greek moots.Grook" and the " sinews of war" are required for millinorsigowoUors' bills, oto. . 11 The higher the Apo goes, the more he shews his tali," , President : Ladies, this special meeting has' been deemed advisable to dotormine tlio voxod. question of who's wlio, invostignto all marriage linos, .to - search into all iiuptuul, and anto-nupt'iinl flaws : to' decide ou whutniust-ba tho nnswor to a heap of letters, tlio contents of- wliioh must forthwith- bo laid before you. Wo must also at once dbeido on tho.saloation of ono lmndred matrons, out of tlio common l-tiek, xvhoso ton .-guineas -'will bo needed to fill tho coffers- of our Treasurer.; I nood not say thoso ladios. must he, in virtuo aiid in standing, unimpoaehablo. Mrs Saooharine -Hitts,- (aside ; to Mrs B) : Tho 2'ueskion is; wlioro will you find thera, 'aftor oursolyos don't know anotlior. - h . 1 ,1 . Mrs Bagatelle, (asdo to Mrs S. H.) i Questions like these donlt boar disoussion. i 1 president! I also find that, out of doors, grant .oxcoption 1ms beon tukon to tho local standing of soma in this Committee. Mrs Barley s Well 1 I ' don't seo wliy it shonldl oqoli rank of life, and trade, .and calling is herb ropro- Bpritqd, lroth.Iiigh, to lowl . What moro' would they have ? For nib— I am ready with wygonoalogy; , Mrs Fra DiAyoLO s Not ! then! Its preposterous! Mrs. Lilly, Putt ! Nor I! Mrs'MosnRS i Nor 1 1 Tlio woman's mad to; think, of such a, thing., j ', ! r ;;Mra'saraoen ToDGEns, -(asiilo to Mrs' Moshbsj i. Pray what's the! uso of all'..' tho ; trouble and espouse" that somo of us- havo had to feast and- dance, 'and flunkey ourselves' in to society, unloss it be to puroliaso immunity from too' oloso iuspeotion of our antecedents. Tho indignities -jwq'jvo borno, the snubbings wo'vo pockoted, the' diiinqrs, daiibes, parties tlmt wo'vo given, havo all boon thrown away,, if that's to, bo tho case 1 ;.Mrs Freezum i'My Lady. President— Some! of us, havo agreed to witlidraw! altpgothbr, ! if there's j going" to bo any onquirios mndo about us I It's bouoath our dignity ; besides nono of us will stand it. President : There is 110 question raised of suoh a thing — tliero ara somo of you, tho solf elected, who doubtloss foresaw with all tlio wisdom of tho serpent, that you would not liko tlio rigorous tost you apply to others — but ealin yoursolvus, tool safe, and now pro- oood to business. Mosdamos Bugatollo uud Ouo,- tho correspondence ! Mrs Bagatelle: This letter— just received — en closes a cheque for ton guineas, und intimatoB how grunt would bu tho ludy's pleasure to join our loynl demonstration to tlipl'rinou and— Crios of " Who is sliu ?" " Naino— namo." Mrs Cue : Mrs Fitz Foodlo — of — address obli(brated. Mrs Postusi Knookeu: Why lior futlior was a grocer, or gruongrooor, or somo'low thing of that sort — thnt won't do I Cries of." Certainly not," .".oh dear no." Mre Beoiie-la-mer : But what is olio? 'What's her position? It's not her father who wunts to oomo to tlio ball I Great confusion, . - Mrs. Freezum VI know her well— slio's altogotlier irreproachable, besides having-two pretty daughters. Mrs. Saooharine HittB : Then I'll not vote for her ! I've dauglitprs of my own, and I hopo I know my duty bettor 1 Mrs Sneezum : Tho proposition cannot: be entor- tuinod for ono moment— prepoatorous, degrading I Mrs Fodder: I really don't boo why thiB lady's ' letter — . ' . - Mrs Saooharine Hitts: This lady I! ha!' ha! ha l I Cllnrun of ha I ' tm'a 1 Mrs Saraoen T'odgeus: Let Mrs.' Ouo writo aud say its " only ladies who givo this Ball." Mrs Fodder: No, no, that's too insulting. Mrs Saooharine Hitts : -Not at all— not . at all— I for ono insist on this Bull being soloot. Mus Barley : ' Yes I of courso we must draw tho fine — somewhere M Mrs Saraobn Todgers Sucii peoplo as tliOBo creeping' in indeed 1 I \- - pRBSiDENir : - Would; it not bo bottnr ladies;! to re member wo uro nono of ue quito immauulata? (look ing round, signifiuarit|y) wb shall roally. get into torriblo hut water if wo don't mind our.P's and Q's— and. ubovo ull, wo must not send an iusolont reply to a civil moBsago. Mrs -BEonE-la MER : - You'ro quito right my lady Prosidont, we ought, just, to let -our motto bo, "That" morcy I.to othors show— that show to mo." So just not sonsihly for 01100, pop tluf ton guineas into tho Treasury, and J'.ask no questions." . , . Several noses cocked into tho air, and murmurs of " Ploboian " " Very 1" .Mrs Saraoen Todgers : This woman comos not witli my consent. Mrs Moshes : Nor mitio. 1st Tabuy : Why slio 1ms riovor mado our drosses, . cooked our dinners, or— 2nd Taiiby : Or taught the yonng idea how to shoot 1 why tlioroforu would you oxcluda lior ? Agitation — and orios of " Dirido " divido !" Committeo liaving divided -(and also,- having dono - nothing oiso siuco tlioy sat tliero.) Mrs Cue said — tho " Nous " linve it. "Noes" olatod, whisper, smilo, flutter their fans, oto.; etc., oto., ' Treasurer : I'm sorry, but our. duty's cloar, a refusal must bo sout — and alas ! tho monoy bo re turned! Mits Bagatelle: Tho noxt in order are somo oxtraordinary lottors. President: (looking through oyo glass)— Ard t-hoy on tlio table ? Mrs Bagatollo and Cuo look at caoh othor and laugh. Mits Cue : thoy are in tho anto-chambor, twolvo baskets full! '(Rings, Bailoy ontors.) Mits Bagatelle: Bring in tlioso lottors 1 Bailey, assisted by mossongcrd, inaoo-boaror, etc., bringe in twelve baskots. Bailey: Holy Moses 1 ain't thoro a lot of Billy Duxes. , President: (Angrily)— Profano man! who ro- coiiiinandcd you, and whbro havo you lived, toliavo learned no better mannors ? . Bailey : On Church Hill, at Mrs Todger's Boarding Houso, iny lady, and precious worrittcd she always wore about, tho gravy— and Mrs Smaslium Todgers, well slio know it — audit woro a 'spoutablo first-class houso, noar tlio throo cornered parsons. (Winks, looks encouragingly at Mrs Suracon Todgor's— nods, aud slowly retires.) Mns Saraoen Todgers: (Sotto vo'co)— Insolont million; iugrate! -President.: To businoss onco moro — secretaries, what comes next ? Mrs Bagatelle : Thcso are all threatening letters ! President; (Looking round.) Just Hcavon ! thoso arc tho fruits of your libellous attaoks on all and ovory 0110, whoso name was mooted at our. Inst mooting! I quito oxpeet ed something of the kind 1 (groaning!) Treasurer: Not so, at least not yet. I havo cast a rapid glnnco ovor all these letters, und I gather from cuch ono, that tlio writers are equally indignant, tyheir nainos woro omitted in forming our Committee, nnd thoy ono nnd all, " demand " to be instantly 'placed thereon — or threaten divers pains and penalties. Mrs Beohe-la-mbr': , All can't bo ou; that's' clear ; I, for ono wish I wero off. President : Givo mo tho names of thoso ladios wlio write such Bitucy letters. Mrs Bagaeelle : I really hardly liko to say — thoso other ladios will (leal so roughly with thorn. Mrs Saraoen Todgers: (Snatching up a letter.) Oh 1 I soo an anchor on a livory button, thnt must bo somo sailor's! nnd herb's another, with mitre and crosier on a lozengo ; which clearly points to College Don, or big wig ! Mrs Sneezum : Oh tho Lozonge ono, must bo from soma ex-confortioner. Mrs Freezum : Wo won't liavo confectionors or common son captains cither, on this Committeo. Mrs Saccharine IIitts : Not if wc know it ? President : Oh really ladios this is too bad — wo havo biot hore for tho despatch of businoss (Heavon help mo !) _ nnd you obstruct it all you can. Treasurer: I really -wisfi. 'tho Governor had not withdrawn his name, you might havo beon less litigious with 11 vioe- ragii| oyo upon you. Mrs. Saccharine Hitts: Oh! wo don't want Govornors or Govornoasos eithbr— (muttors) —there's already too many of tho latter. Mrs. Saracen Todgors, Mrs Lilly Putt, Mrs. 1' rcozuin, and sevoral others show symptoms of fainting. - - . President. (rises amid hysterical . sobs, heartrend ing orios of distress, and gonoral uproar.) President : (Sudly but sovoroly) — oil ladios, ladies ? why do you thus attack each other and doluy' tho busi ness of the day, — livo mortal hours liavo wo sat horo, oblivious of aught olso, but thoso your wrotohod squabbles. Treasurer to Prosidont : It's quito our own faults if wodiud -dono as I.proposod, adhered to somo given rule, taken Almncks as our model— stood on our social' ifank-— oui' aueostors— ; . . ; 1st Tabuy: Oh! none of us novor liad any ancestors ! 2nd'tabbyj And as' for rank, that's horrid bosh 1 Ireasurhr :\ Lsoy again, it -should 'only have boon tho lending lulios of Sydney who — Mrs Saccharine Hitts, Mrs Snraoon Todgors, "and Mrs Moshes cry "Tho Loading Ladios! pray who aro wo?"— ' , Treaturkr : I moan tho titled ladies first.— Mrs Saooharine Hitts : Oh I Titlos 1 1 His Hoyal Highness must bo siok of titlos 1 depend on it lio'd rather far, have plain "Mrs" for a oliungb. Mrs Beche-la-Mer: (laughingly) Plain onough in ,all cousoienco ! !— rnoNY why ou-n't wo dismiss this mattor in a more business liko maunor — tako tlio most tlosir- ablo of .- tlieso ladios 011 tho Committoe, and do lot's pick somo good natured, and good looking ones for a . change. - , , ; Chorus of Ugly Tabbies— No, No I Monstrous — Improper" — "Immoral" — " Very 1 1" Cisos of Order, ordor " Quostion, quostion!" President: (bewildered) — What is tlio ouos- tiou ? — s - Ikeascrer : Tlieso threatening lotters.— . P/iESiuisaT : And libellous attacks 1 I roally fool quite frightened. , Mrs Beoiie-la-mer : I should be the last,' my lady Prosidont, your leers' to to uridorval'eo, but if wo do got into a. sorapo, wo must oonsuit that Prineo of Houtliorn Advocates, young Dalley; ' \- Mrs Barley: (asido to Boreas) Why not our hus bands, it good sound advieo bo noeded ! ' Peesident: Doubtloss there's much good soneo in wlint you say, but lot's avoid ull " Law," I do not like it— but keep to tho question, and to begin— why not admit tlieso ladies P Mrs. Freezum 1 What all of thorn ? \- Everybody— No, no, no! President: ShaU- wo say a':dozonP— ' Cries of— "No, no; too many"— "ten!" "olovon!!" President : Tako tlio sonso o' tlio. Committeo pn it. Mrs Beoiie-la-mer: The Committoo's got no sonso. . ' " Secretaries procood to ballot. . , Mrs IIagatki.le : It's a tio. President : Then my voto, tho oasting voto, say " uyo," pray lot thonvin. . Doors open, eleven ladies rush in tiimultuously, tako soatB, and look doUantly around, whioli iB kindly reci- proooted. President roliovcd, Treasurer hauglity. , .President : The next question, ladios, to which X .Vmust direct, your attention, iB tho choice hundred matrons, wluiii wo proposo sliall sharo<v®z us tlio honour of ontcrtaining His Boynl Highms — which I trust ydu will find an oasicr matter than tlio last. The Secretaries hold a list of numes which will bo submitted. Treasurer (u'sido to Prosidont) : For moroy's sake don't submit tlio names — thoro won't bo a ghost of ono loft, if you do ; Mrs Saracen Todgers : What's Hint I hoar? not submit tho namos? and why, pray P President : It really secme unnecessary, thoy are all ladios-of (ligli standing— good repute — 4- Tbbaburer : Quito irreproachable. I'vo seen tho list. - ' . < Everybody : Lot's see it too. Crios of order— grout confusion. Question— Ordor — Question. Mrs Saracen Todgers : Tho list's tho question. Treasurer .(u'sido to President-: for meroy sako, give it to tno AurK. Mrs. 8wallow (to Treasuror)_Tliat's right, we'll let them down easily. President : Tho first lady to bo proposed on this liBt iB Mrs, Blooinor. Mrs Saccharine Hitts : Pray who is she P ' Mrs Moshes : Oil !' a most delightful creature; Mrs Bngntello nnd I mot her when "visiting Mrs M'Orwces. Mrs Bagatelle ; Yes at our doar lost Dalwoll's!': (sighs). ''. ; President : Ladies is thnt. namo deoidod on ?, ' Mus Saccharine IIitts, Mrs Moshes, -Mrs -.Baga telle, Mrs Cue and Several Others:. Yosl. we'll havo her." - - - - . -- Hero somo of tlio Committee Bhow. symptoms of oatnrrali, snooziiigs, shruggings of Bhoulders, &o.;, &o.; President: Tho -Bocoiid. namo is that of Mrs Tomkins. - .' CricB ot ho, no — great confusion. (Several rise from tlioir seats,) Bharaeful 1 _ . ' ' 2nd Tabby: Tlio audacious thing! It literally makes mo t-r-r-r-vomblo 1 ! 1 1st Tabby : Don't you know ? ' s . - i r - ; Crios of " divide," " 110, ho. wo won't have her " from all sides. President: Pnss wo to the next— Mrs. Hodges. 3rd Tabby: Oh! absurd— ridionlous. 1st Tabby : Yos — slio's very low. and vulgar ! Cries of no— no— yes— yes, and great confusion. ' President: Ladios — ladios— be moderate, piray. Mrs Sneezum : It's quite cloar to me that this dis cussion will never ond, if wo are to squabble ovor every name. I propose a sub-committoo bo appointed to ap prove — or-to-rojoct — rtho names on the list— and that it consist of Mrs Saracen Todgers, Mrs Bloomer, Mrs Lilly Putt, Mrs Bagatollo and Mre Moshfis ! Mns TnEMnLEWELL (aside to Mrs Bbche-la-mer) s Did you obsorvo tho sneer ? Mrs Postum Knocker (aside) : Should be liberal enough in alliconseioiiee. , . Prosidont, brentliloss 1 Treasurer, aghast ! goncral ob- fuscation, amidst which motion carriod nom con. Mns Sneezum (aside to Mrs Foddor) There, that . Committee will do thoir duty, liko BritonB— and exclude ono and all that tlioy owe a grudge against; - Mrs Fodder (asitlo to Mrs Sneezum) : I think we're liicky to have escaped thoso hyenas ! . At longtli, ordor boing in some measure restored, Mns Saraoen Todgers said : Not the least import ant of our duties, is to appoint another sub-committee to rcccivo the Prineo! Now as I consider myself at least as good as any, I claim to be one. - . Mrs Boreas : If every lady makostho same absurd demand, wo must all bo there — and thus' a Committee of tho whoio— which would simply bo ridiculous. Mrs Saooharine Hitt3 : I Buroly should .be one, nnd Mrs Foddor also. Mrs Fodder: Oh! pardon me, if Princes are liko other mon, our poor plain looks would scarcely please him. I suggest tliut Mrs Agnodu, Mrs Barley, and Mre Lambkin — (liesit itca). Mrs Tremblewell : But that would not he. enough — at- least there should he six — therefore may \wc not have erred in excluding |thoso whose boau(wj>r other attractions would shodlu-tro on tho colonytej>jhy not add otlior namos to our Committee, ana ifu ioto thin special ano — what say you, ladies, to that of Mrs Tag- lioni Blonde ? ' . " # _ - Unprecedented, commotion, amidst whjoh is hoard ntintervals — " Abominablo," "MonatrouB," "»r'» livant danscuso 1" " oh, sliamoful," " painted Butterfly 1 1 gold dr.st in her hnir, pearl powderl belladonna! shall she receive the Prince indood ! 1" Let's all' withdraw 1 President (rising) : Ordor, ladies— I do implore you, ri member where you are— we are public cliarnctors now ! This scene is roally most - distressing — order, I beg of you — Mrs Saccharine Hitts (spitefully) : Order, indeed! is the Committee to bo insulted in this manner ? I de mand a ballot. Mrs Barley (aside to Lambkin) :. What an old vine gar cruet.- Mrs Lambkin (aside) :'Ihope sugar is plentiful, and that lior husband has laid in a. good stock 1 Not- but what I think she'j_quito right about that Taglioni Blonde ; I olwayo hated her. Mrs Agneau (aside) : So do I, it was a disgraceful proposition; doubtloss, she's all thoy say,'iuid more. Mrs Swallow (joining tlio clique) : Ladies, you , should hope for the best. Mrs Lambkin : Wo do— nnd bolicve the. worst. 'Mrs Swallow: Wliat precious time we're losing ; tho Prince will soon bo hore, and nothing done.. President : A ballot being demandod, it must be taken. -Mrs Bagatelle and Mrs Ctio proceed to take it, and it was a fortunate thing for ail concerned that the Prineo had no opportunity of seeing the faces present, during tho operation, or he would havo had hut a pop- opinion of the amiability, of the self-constituted repre sentatives of tho "Ladies" of the' colony. Mrs Cue Baid, tho result of tho ballot was tho elec tion of " Saccharine. Hitts, Mrs Hideous Grimson, Mrs Trctnblowcll, Mrs Fra Diavolo, Mrs Bagatollo, and the Presidont," Mrs Frekzum : At the risk of being irregular, X would suggest for consideration .whether thore is anv precedent for the ladies ol any province giving a ball at all to n Prince of tho Bipod Boyal. . Sensational Incertitude. Treasurer : Although so fully committed to thi8 Bail, I've ever had' serious misgivings as to its strict, propriety. Mrs. Barley : There's to be a Parliamentary one, I hoar, whiob is sure to eclipse ours— why not ooalesoo P Mrs!" Saooharine Hitts : In that base the ohances of maintaining oiir position would bo Bmall, therefore ' I dissent — no . coalition. . Wo should be nowhore then. What would bo tho use of tho. dodge. by .whioli we got on this committee P Mrs. Saraoen Todgers : Oh! place it ..beyond nil olianoo of suoh atthiiig, by sending an immediate in vito to the Prineo", whilst: thoir's is. still in aboyanoo. Wo'll sond an express., I'U inako it all right with tho P. and O. At this juncture tltp debate was interrupted by groat uproar in tho sub-oommitteo room of elirioke, laughter, nnd emotion. . ' Treasurer ; Wliatovor is the matter P , Bailey (ontors in liasto) : Oh 1 Thoro'e suoh a jolly row. Two of them ladies is in historical fits, and is a biting and a soralo(iing like anythink. . Whore's tho smelling bottlo ? President (greatly alarmed) : Who are thoy ? i -; Bailey: Mrs. Bloomer and Mrs. Smashum Todgers. (Kxit with bottle in hnsto.) Treasurer : Whatever shall wo do ? I know tho awful mistuko we mado in electing Bu<y Jfcorow. ' Several Ladies : We will go andifc-hat it's all about, fSxeunt.J ' President : I pray you do, and above all things let " not the report of suoh disreputable soonos got out of doors. , Mrs. Freezum : Yos 1 That's nil very fine, but nil this time there's been " a strongor in tho gallery." Everybody : Where? Where P Mrs. Turnum : " A chiel amongst us takin' notes 1" Mrs. Beohe-la-Mer (looking up) : It's only a ooor littlo devil. ' Mre. Postum Knookeri A Printer's dovillll Have meroy on us! (Falls on her knoes," olaspa hw hands, and faints.) m?" , Sood-naturod tahhios try to recover her, but fail. She ib romovod amidst commotion, during wliioh somo ladios return, aooorapanied by sub-committoo looking flushed, florae, aud panting. At length thov present report. , ' President i i trust ladies you liavo rocovorod from your last severe attack. ' (Luetics toss their heads, and look angrily at cnoh otlior.) Mrs. Bagatelle : I really fear no businosa can ovor Bo dono with this Bub-eoinmitteo. Voices i " Wo'ro quito ready to rotiro from- it." President : Can you not ugreo on tho names sub- \- mitted to vou, or liavo you roturned and approved of tho hundred upon tho list. "Mrs. Saracen Todgkrb i We've considered seventy. President : And passod them P Mrs. Mosiies: No, not ono! Mrs. Bagatelee : And novcr will with this aom- mitteiA. (8aroastieiilly.) MfltaLLY Pott : Wo find thoro is not ono hut has horrid speck or stain, some flaw or naughty peg oil which to hang objections. . President: Jt foar theso.iuatrons' names' havc.boon unfairly dealt with. Tlioy Bhall bo. re-submitted. Voices of sub-committoc i !' It matters not, wo all ro- sign.") President: But your reason? (Voices : '.'Wo have nono." " Wo'll givo none." " Wo resign.'') Mrs. Saracen Todgers : Yes, and take our Boats . onqo more amongBt this council. Ohooso othor ladies, . for I've had quite ohough of it. - . Gonoral confubulutiou. All business at, a stand still. President and Treasurer confer apart, look un- decided, and indignant. . At which crisis enters, Bailey i Ladies—" Wittlcs is up" — flourishes nap kin, nnd retires. President : Woll, ns wo havo como to a dead lock, wo may as well reoruitour exhausted Bpirits with a cup of tcu. . .. - JSxeunt omnes. Soene 2.— Refreshment Room. Tabbies at 1 vl Tea in Groups. Scandalum Magnalum. Mrs. PnrLLi Potion : I'm first in time for. tea — that's lucky. ' . "Mrs. Beoiie.la-Mkr: You'vo lost the finest fun. \- But first tako some hatn and chicken. Tlio ham is good. Tho ohii'keh youiig and tondcr. Mrs. Barley (aside) i I wonder its admitted hero then. ' . Mrs. Phili.1 Potion : Well, tell mo what you've dono. Mrs. Beoue-la-Mer : Oh! Sovornl havo been torn to tnlt-ers, and scarcely ono ndmitted but thoso' who mould eomo ' willy- nilly. Next, n hundred virtuous maidens had to bo Bortod from tho common ltord — but thoy must bo. thoso wlioso reputations nover know a stain— not only that, but their husbands, fathers, mothers — all must ho immucouluto. Mrs BarlrY: Next, finding at tho first go off that all wjpro alike rejected, and that tlioro was none but had some. blot, somo flaw "in esso or in posso," some ono proposed a "sub-obiumitteo to peer into tho past and present of thoso hundred women. Mrs PniLLi Potion: Just lieavons! why that's past a joke. Mrs Beoiie-la-mer: Also- to .onquiro into what husbnnds liavo hnd protosted bills, what wives post dated babies 1! Mrs Philli Potion: Toll mo tlio names of this Oommittco, you forget I was not hero. , Mrs Turnum mentions names. Mrs Philm Potion: Woll, that's Tory witty.!— but thoy '11 nover havo tho nratohless impudenco to . do it. Mrs Turnum : Yes, they will. Mrs Barley: If they do, tlioy'll ruo it. Mes Philli Potion : I'm quito tired and faint with botheration. - 1st Tabby : Wliy what lias tired you so P Mrs Philli Potion : . Half a, dozoti ladies havo been with me, consulting on our dresses, for wo uiust " all of course liavo ' new ones : things won't turn, nnd twist, and givo, and last for over ! — Our bills, ulrcady ' lormidablo, wont bear distending, but now dresses w'e will liavo, and tho question is where is tho money to eomo from P 2nd Tabby : Oh borrow it from Koitn, bo's got plenty— (a laugh). 3rd Tabby : Oh, hut thnt would bo at six per cont. 1st Tabby : What a dear man 1 2nd Tabby : Dear 1 do you call that doar P why the last time our friend, Mrs. Jones, borrowod money on her diamonds (and, to decoive li .r husband) wore paste instead, she paid to my certain knowlodgo cent por cont., - - Mrs Pnn.Lt Potion: Why where was that ? 2nd Tabby (looking nt opposito table at Mrs. MoBhes), Why at our great frioud's relations I. \ ( Sensation.J , Barley : But you havo not told us your fatuOtS plan of " raising tho wind," yet ! ' Several Ladies—" Toll us— do i " 3rd Tabby : Well, I know how I intend to do. 1 have arranged ivitli David Jones. Ho is to sond in my bill double that of tlio usual quarter. On the Btrength of the Prince, my husband will readily pay that. Tho rcstto.be kept soparato and liquidated seorotly, by mb, from savings I shall nniko, in filcliing from my good man's comiort, and other usunl family expenses. (Murmurs of approbation, amidst which all riso and return to Council Oliainbcrs, with tho exception of tho President and Treasurer.) Treasurer, (lqoking round) : Tlioso gontlo doves havo gone in to tear some more dear, absent friends to pioces. _ , President : I really feel ashamed to preside ovor such a rabblo rout 1 However could we have allowed oursolvos to be' joined by such n horrid sot ? Treasurer : Well, simply from tho " Fluko" that they first thought of it, and nominated thomsclvcs, but it's " High life below stairs" with avongoanco. President : It must always be thus 'whore there is such a very thin japau of gentility as distinguishes, our Committee. I wish the ball -had never been thought of! . Treasurer : So I do — it will—it must collapse. President : Wo shall bo covered with ridiculo. Treasurer : Oh 1 I'll retire boforo it coincb to that ! bo taken siok — havo yollew fover — cholera — anything, and bo ordered to tlio. Hills ! President : \\\ lint and leave me in the lurch ? you know a was forced into this, as well as you. . Lot us loth .withdraw, and join tlio Parliamentary. . , Treasurer: Just wait a bit— they'll savo us all that trouble. Our tabbies will soon share, tho fate of those of Kilkenny ! President, (laughing) : You naughty, wicked thing ; we'd hotter go again and faeo it, if you are ready. Prosident nnd Treasurer adjourn to Counoil Chambers ; groups ol Tabbies disperse and tako their seatB. 1st Tabby . asks when tho Estimntos will bo placed on the table.) Treasurer : Oh ! our accounts aro in a frightful muddle. \- 1st Tabby (aside) : Call in your dear friend Betsy, she would help yon. 2nd Tabby, (aside to 1st Tab.) : Sho stays at home, till hor poor wee baby's christened. Treasurer : AU 1 ask is that you don't blame me ; for all and each of this Committee have so mercilessly scattered to the winds of Heaven the legitiihato sources of oar revenue. Mrs ' Boreas : That's very truo i not ono out 'of seventy-fivo elected ! Quite farcical i Mrs Turnum : I have heard that once upon a time there were eleven thousand virgins at Cologne, wo havo fallen on very degenerate timeB, if wo can't Hild a hnndred proper women. Treasurer continues: I think it right, also to point out tho terrible liability wo one and all incur, if wo reject each lady whose namo comes before us. ; President : Ycb ! if wo don't mind, toe shall have to pay tho pipor ! Great disapprobation. Treasurer : AY ell I till theso things shapo bolter, I will mako no financial statement. VoioebI " Choose' a more liberal su5-committeo". (Sub-cominitteo riso, and glare stoutly around.) ! Mrs Saracen Todgers : Is this a vote of coiiBuro?.. Mrs Lilly Putt : I'll resign. Mrs Moshes and tho rest : Yes, yes i wo all "resign — withdraw in toto !' ' , . jJLp Thoy tender resignation haughtily. . PftCTHbnt roeoivos it graoiously-s thoy all march on mnjcsfieally to a flourish of fans. A pause. . Mrs Lambkin : Now I really; do think wo shall get on more comfortably. Mrs Agneau': I move that anotlior siib-comuiitlco bo appbintdd to re-consider the matters and that tlio mover form ono. Mrs Barley : And I another. Mrs Boreas > No, ;ve-ui6dol this one first.- ; ' All in horror " Tlio General Committco l" 1st Tabby : Yes— also tlio eiii-committoe to rooeivo the Prince. Preident: That's past disoussion; it can't bq dono. Great, commotion, and cries of . No. 1 no 1 ',yos ! yes I " There's no precedent.") ': Tiieasurer : Now its no uso — it oan't bo dono. Mns; Beoiie-la-mer! Yes, yes, rescind, -annul it— I'll tell you why it should bo done. Hero are all! tho steam ootnpanios and ship owners, and tho Commodoro of tho Royal Yacht Club, going to sond out a iloot of vessols to escort his Royal Highness in. (I see you tmilo ladies — but nono from Kotton Row.) Than the town is to bo brilliantly illuminated and docoratod with our gayo'st flugs and banners ; and will not our sports- mon bring out their tliorough-brods — their host racers — niul not their brokon-kneed or spavined scrows P and shall tee — the women of this glorious new land, exhibit nouo hut our oldest, scraggiest, worst-bred sorubbors j . instend of our loveliest, protticst, best liko all tho othorsP I'll just givo tho boy a ball myself and ond this wroteliod bother, aud what is morn, will invito ovory pretty woman I can got to grace it." Takes hor soat amidst applahko and laughtor, much rightoqus indignation, general uproar, and orios of '.'Ohl this will 'never dp." "It's quite irregular." " Unparliamentary.. Yory." " Artinll|.|l ! ' A flinin«ll t"1 ' . VI VAT . 11EGINA !! ! .. — -Bells Life in Sydney.' .- A koy to the iiainos in our ofiloo. , 