TOPICS OF THE DAY. Both Houses of Parliament meet on Friday. The Executive Council will meet to- day at no >n to consider the Boothby case. The Waterworks Commission meet to day {(Thursday) to consider their report. There arc now two vacancies for -the; Legislative Council, Mr. Magatey having re- ' tired, Mr. Hall's seat being rendered vacant by the decease of that gentleman, and Mr. Scott's resignation is (we are informed) ready to be; handed in when the House meets. : FjsAMpngst outer nuts to draS^im the I uflputiE^nr&e;^ ptaufe^ goo4s:<^ca?&act;>Dr? and fjCfanaSsuomttt df' Public' Woi^nL, inTOlyinff ■o^ne£UVoo?or£l2JDoo. /_ JSVe andei^tand that -Cap|am Hart has ■receive* "a reqoisitiMi from a pbrtiop of the electois of the Light to stand for thai district, in the event of Mr. RounseveH retiring, conse quent upon tis acceptance of the Hallway goods* eontrart. " ; ' > ■ " ' [ ( ■ .'. "Owing*io the inclemency of "the weather Mr. T. H. Clark?on's literary entertainment was postponed. The programme will be re peated this evening. . j A public meeting- will be held "at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, this evening, for the 'purpose of the inhabitants petitioning Parlia ment for the amount of the balance of the em banlmnent vote. We beg to call attention to the adver tisement of the Municipal Corporation, calling for tenders for lighting the street lamps with kerosine for six months; for cutting'a deep drain inGawler-place and North- terrace, &&,&& On Monday evening a shop in Halifax gtreet, next to the Boh Boy Hotel, was robbed between 7 and 8 o'clock. The assistant had retired to a room adjoining the shop, and was engaged in reading. The thief , taking advantage of his absence, crept in sad took away a. till with about £2 in it, emptied another till of some change, and possessed himself of some drapery, the total value of the property stolen being about £8. No else to the perpetrator, of the theft has been obtained, though suspicion rests upon a partjeolar pereeu. The diorama of the American War was well attended on Wednesday evening, consider ing the vary stormy state of the weather, and the entertainment passed off with considerable success and amidst frequent applause; Mr. Bachelder, in thanking the audience for their attendance and support, remarked that be scarcely expected to see any one there that very stormy evening. He also announced that in consequence of having to watt for the next Melbourne steamer, tie should give three more entertainments, to-night, friday, and Saturday, ■ in. the Hall, at the same prices. :• ■ \- At a meeting of the shareholders of the "Sontb Australian Insurance Company (limited), on Wednesday, July 3, the resolution dissolving the old Cotnpany and forming a new one witli aa enlarged capital was 'confirmed: -A. state ment of accounts sad Valnatkmbyihe; Directors, was* submitted, -tinA sip]proved, as yeqUHod by the deed. The certificate <rf the registration <>f the new Company under the Companies Act of 1564 was read. A fee of one'ig??faiea fornacb. attendance vas voted teTPje, Diisiitozs, sad a sum of £200,' balance from Hie reserve fund, was presented to the Secretary (Mr. Tapley) In ackhowlnlgment of his active exertions for the benefit of tlie Company. • "• '■ '■ in onr Taeaday'e isSne'ih error occorred in a paragraph which appeared .respecting the presentation of aa inkstand to Sfn jWkfces, Secretary to Sue. Education-,Boara. by Mr. Niduxu!', oT the. Wakefield*jraetl>eutBcne Seh'ule. The tnfistand was a, handsome electrdr plated one, and not German silver,-as stated is the paragraph-refenedto, and the weseatataon was made on |ha Slst June,' 'aid/before Mr.' NiEbmi? was sv&re; of the movement wbicn is on foot amongst the licensed teachers for the purpose of getting np a testimonial to Mr. Wickes. Mr. Niehnus wishes us to make this exjtlaaaihn bo that, it "might not lie, thought that he was acting m any way fantagoniatic to, -that movement; but, on the oentrajry 4 he~ie quite willing to contribute towards Ota testi monial also. . - ' ■ ■■' " . The ghost' stUl takes his nocturnal rambles in Adelaide. 'On last Tuesday night he. visited the Blenheim about midnight; abd commenced -a. eontumous - mpping ii /the side. 40/>V. 9W landlord stepped cautionsly fip,.tbe Jmoiddng «£3l: continuing, till lie opened the door suddenly and grasped—the air. Later in the night the rapping, occurred again several j times, but nothing could be discovered as to the cause of the annoyance. This mysterious being. 7^T , \r? ilis performances occasionally, as wfasn, ? { lew nights ago, he visited the house of a gentle- '■ man in North Adelaide and ogeneA «U the doors, although Ujey had been carefully locked before the inmates retired to rest The next night he ventilated the same house on a dif ferent principle, and the family were surprised on rising in the morning to find every window in the dwelling wide open. Respecting the. door-opening a ridiculous circumstance occurred at an hotel in die city. A gentleman, who has no respect for any but ardent spirits, was ex- '. plaining to the landlady that a. locked door' could i>e opened by a knife, and the hostess shut, without locking, the door of the room in which they, were talking, in order that the pro cess might be more clearly described. The theoretical lockpicker, having pointed out how | the thing could be done, attempted to open the door, but the handle turned round in his hands. He oalled to persons on the, other side to liberate bim, but there was no handle there to take hold of. The situation was awkward ; the room had no other outlet. "Within were the i amateur locksmith and the -buxom landlady; without, the host (a man of quiet habits, but severe aspect) and a number of guests, who rather enjoyed the perplexity of the parties in terested. At last, after a good deal of nervous j shouting and excitement, the imprisoned gen tlenian thought of the knife performance, and, drawing his tobacco cutter, raised the latch and set himself and bis fair friend at liberty. On-Wednesday evening, July 3, there j was a good house at the Victoria Theatre, on the occasion of Mr. Solomon's benefit, the atten dance being somewhat extraordinary considering the state of the weather, and affording ample proof that Mr. Solomon's efforts to enliven the public in those dreary times are appreciated. The first piece was " Ingomar,'' in which Mr. Bayner acted successfully the part of the guerilla chief, rendering naturally the bold demeanor, and rude though generous courage of the leader of the mountain warriors. In some of the-scenes where the ire of the barbarian chieftain was mused, his displays of feeling were slightly gsotesque, but on the whole, the part was acted in good taste. Mrs. Jackson was unexceptionable in the character of Parthenia, taming the wild spirit of Ingomar. Her interviews with the miser Polydor, her offer to sacrifice herself in wedlock to that wretch for the sake of her father, and her_ withering denunciation of her decrepid admirer, when his meanness forbad him to come to her terms, were admirably rendered. Equally effective was she in her pleadings, first with Polydor for (he ransoui of her father when in captivity', and with Ingomar, his captor. Polydor, the mean, craven, sordid, malignant merchant, was capitally represented by Mr. Mnsgrave. Mr. Andrews acted as Myron, the father of the heroine, and Mrs. Holmes as Adea, her scheming mother, natur ally and with effect. . The othercharacters were f airly sustained. At the close of tbe piece there was immense applause, and in response Mr. Bayner and Mrs. Jackson appeared before the curtain. Mr. Bayner then thanked (he. audi ence on behalf of Mr. Solomon for their attend ance on so rough a night, sod informed them that next week Mr. and Mrs. Hall would appear on tiie boards in burlesque characters. The bur lesque of "Dido" followed,and wasreceivedwith great applause. Miss Earl was charming in the character of Eneas, Miss Arnot playing with great archness the part of *""% On Monday evening the season will recommence with Mr. sad Mrs. J. L. Hall acting in their favorite pieces. .' - The rates of cartage under the new goods contract which, has been taken *by Mr. John Rounseveil are as follows:—3s. 2d. per ton for all goods forwarded npon the Port Line, -from Adelaide, Bowden, and Port Adelaide, including cartage, shunting, loading aad un loading, collection, and aH -these places; la. -lOd. - ton -for . all goods forwarded .or Deceived to or from Adelaide and Bowden and any other station on the North line, including cartage, &c; Is. lOd. per ton for all goods forwarded or re ceived to or from Port Adelaide and any station npon the North Line, including cartage, fee. ; 2s. 9d. per ton for aH goods forwarded and re ceived to or from Dry Creek, including cartage, &c;, at Dry Creek, Stockade stone excepted. The same rate of 2s. 9d. is m*de upon all goods at Salisbury, Smithfield, Gawler, Boseworthy, Freeling, Ford's, and Kapunda. With respect to Gawler, Freeling, and Kapunda, the same rate "includes, besides the stations, 'any stores or warehouses connected by rail at owner's expense with tbe main line of rail way. The above sums are to include payment for all shunting required for the service of tbe railway other than that of the goods traffic, such, as marshalling trains, moving empty tracks, and including all shunting to special (Stockade or stone), and service traffic at all stations where (be said John?ounsevell may be agent under the agreement. The service traffic is at&L; per ton for loading and unloading goods for the service of the raO way at all statiomi where required, and where the said John Bounsevell is goods agent. A return of 6d. per ton from tbe agency charges shall be made to the owners and occupiers of warehouses attached by rail at the owner's expense to the main line upon all goods, loaded or unloaded by the said owners or occu piers ; a return of Is. per ton shall also be made to the owners or occupiers of all goods deliveied to or taken from any private store or warehouse connected with tbe fine of railway by rails laid at the cost pf fhe owner or occupier of the said store, jn hen of cartage from or to any stations to which this contract is made to apply! excepting at Port Adelaide ; and a return of Is. shall also be made to all parties carting their own goods to any station included in this agreement, ex cepting Port Adelaide. The agreement is for a term of three years from 30th June, 1867. The bonds given are for £20,000. Mr. J. Bounsevell himself in £10,000 and Mr. W. Bounsevell and Mr. E. M. Bagot as sureties in £10,000. There was one other tender, by Messrs. Hill & Co., at higher rates than this one. We may mention that these two tenders were not in reply to the ad vertisement. That csllwa? a failure, as tenders were not received for all the stations. Sub sequently, however, Mr. Bounsevell and Messrs. Hut & Co. cent in coraprehensiva contracts, and Mr, BounsevelTe being the lowest was accepted. 