■ft?" the intercolonial cricket match. Cfbom our own comiEsroNMKNT.} Friday, 27th December. The Intercolonial Cricket Match was continued to-day, the wickets being pitched at twelve o'clock, and the New South Wales men going in to bat, Judging from the results, cither Sydney men must be the worse bowlers or Melbourne men the better batters, as the wickets disturbed by the ball are far more numerous than yesterday. The morning was not a pleasant one, and as the afternoon approached it became worse, so that at about half-past two, when the dust storm arose, the game was stopped for a while. At this time there were five wickets down for 62 runs. After a cessation, whilst the tornado was at its height, play was resumed, although the weather was anything but favorable. The Bcores made,by the New South Wales men were as follow :— Thompson, c Gibson, b Wills ... 35 Sheri(lan, b Wills ... ... ... 13 Hewitt, b Allan ... 4 13\. Gregory, b Allan... ... o Gordon, 0 Kelly, b Wills ... ... 1 Cuffyn, not out ... ... 15 Lawrence, not out ... ... ... 5 Byes, wides, &c; ... ... 7 Total . ... ... ... ... 86 The wickets were then drawn on'account of the inclemency of the weather. The following account of this unusually in teresting match we take from the Herald-.— First Day. The fielding of tho Sydney men was capital, but their bowling was not up to the mark anticipated —a fact which was proved from Lawrenco trying no less than eight out of their eleven men. Subjoined is nil account of the play Lawrence, the captain of the New South Wales men, having won tho toss, sent in tho Victorians, who deputed Gibson and Wardill to represent them first at the wickets; Thompson and Coates were the bowlers, Lawrenco point, Hewitt wicket- keoper, and Gilbert, long-stop. In the first over by Thompson a bye was obtained. In the next, from Coates, a unit was scored. Four maiden overs were bowled before a run was obtained, and Wardill then got 1 to the off from '1 bompson, Gibson follow ing suit in the last ball of tho same over with 1 to leg. Gibson made another unit in the next over; and in the following one to tlmt Wardill got 2 from a ball which he drove past Caffyn. Tho bowling and fielding of tho Sydney men nt thi« time appeared very good, and although Wardill and Gibson batted well, they were unable to make moro than singles or twos, until Gibson got 3 right forward off Coates, ranking tho snore 21. Lawrence then put himself on for slows, and placed his field close in. The | batters, however, played tho slows cautiously, and although they did not score off them much, each man scored a 3 in one over off Coates. Thirty was now put up, making the backers of Victoria, who had taken the 2's to 1 so freely offered, begin to consider their money pretty well invested, more especially as Gibson got 4 off Lawrenco in the next over, driving the ball outside tho ring feneo. Another change in tho bowling was made D. Gregory, a very high bowler, going on in place of Gordon; but the change did not prevent 40 appear ing on the telegraph-board, without the loss of a wicket. Gibson at last lifted 0110 of Lawrence's slows into tho hands of Thompson at long field on, causing his retirement with a well earned 21. One wicket down for 45 runs Conway filled the vacant place, and obtained 1 in the first over off D Gregory, lie made 8 alto gether, and was then stumped by Hewitt off one of | Lawrence's slows, which he stepped out to, missed, and, as a consequenco, lost his wicUet. 2—8—54. Kelly next went to the wickets. In one over off D Gregory Wardill made a 4 and a 2, but in tho follow ing over Kelly played one of Lawrence's slows straight into tho hands of Coates, at short leg, with out having scored. 3—0—60. Robertson supplied the vacancy caused by Kelly ; he got 1 off tho first ball of Lawrence, and in the next over drove D Gregory for 4 to the ring feneo, Wardill continued playing splendidly ; 70 was speedily put up, and in tho next ball delivered after that number was re corded, Robertson cut I) Gregory beautifully for 4 Coates relieved D Gregory in the bowling, the change made previously of Coates to Gregory not having proved beneficial ; 80 was made just as tho bell rang for luncheon at half past ono. Play was resumod shortly after two, Thompson taking tho place of Lawrenco in the bowling. Tho first two overs were maidens, but in the third Robertson got a 2 and a 4 off Coates, aud in the next, by the same bowler, a 3 to the off. Soon after, 9 were made in one over off Coates, a 4 by Wardill, the remainder being by Robertson ; and 100 was put up, amidst loud cheers. Gilbert was thou tried with the ball instead of Coates, Wardill made 1 in his first over, and in the next, off Thompson, drovo the ball forward for 4, the laudablo example being followed in tho next over of Gilbert's by Robertson driving hiui forward for (he same number. Wardill soon after gave a chance to Coates at short leg, the first he had offered during the innings, but it was rather too hot for Coates, who tailed to retain it ; 120 was telegraphod without any alteration in the numbor of wickets down, tho bats men .hitting out well at all the balls that were not dead on, and 4's becoming quito common. Three 4's and ono 3 were made out of five balls at ono time, a circumstance which made Lawrenco think a change desirable. He accordingly put on Caffyn in room of Thompson, and went on himself at the other end, j thus having an All England Eleven man at each cud The change did not prove highly beneficial, for in Lawrence's first over 9 were obtained, two 4's by | Wardill, and a 1 by Robertson. This did not suit,and Hewitt doffed the gloves to relievo Lawrence, E Gregory taking tho wicket-keeping. Hewitt bowlod a wide in his first over, aiid followed that up by I another in his next. The scoring was still kept up, notwithstanding tho changes—14'l, 150; 100, and 170 were reached without any alteration in .the wickets down ; and the bowling was collared, seven men out of the visiting team having been tried. They all, no doubt, by this time altered the opinion thoy are said to have expressed last Saturday, to the effect that they ilid not think much of our men. After bowling half a dozen overs full-pace, Hewitt tried the slows. Robertson drove one of these into the hands of Coates. exactly as was done by Wardill previously, but Coates could not hold it on account ot its force. The very next, ball, howover, Robertson played into the hands of Thompson nt point. His score was ob tained in tho most beautifully scientific manner, and until the two last balls he never made a mistake. It comprised sovpn 4's two 3's, and tho remainder singles. 4—53—173. Willie Campbell took the wicket vacated by Robertson, but, with his usual luck in intercolonial matches, ho was caught at tho back of tho wicket by Thompson, not havino scored. 6—0 — 174\. Cosatiek wont in to face Wardill, and t!io latter mailt! n 4off Caffyn. Cosatiek was caught by Hewitt at mid off whon ho had scored 0. Wills faced War dill, the latter having by this timo made 85, tho largest aooro over made in nti intercolonial inatuli, and his chanco of tho two silver cups to bo given to the highest scorer was considered certain. The scoring after Wills went in was kept up gradually until 200 was • telographed. Wardill immediately afterwards lifted one of Caffyn's right in tho air to leg ; but fortmiatoly for him, it was out of the renoli of any of tho fielders. In the next ball bowled Wills scored n 3 to the off, and the following ball ol Caffyn's Wardill sent to leg for another 3. 1'i. Gregory was now changed for Caffyn, being tho eighth man tried out of the Sydney team. In his second over he liowlocl a wido, and in tho following ball was hit for 3 by Wills. At about half-past four, whou 220 was reached, with Wardill and Wills still at the wickets, Coates was ugaiu put on bowling, Hewitt resuming, tho wicket-keeping. At i30 Wardill hit » 4, making his sooro 103, and ho was then cheered from tho pavilion. Ho then made 7 more, but immediately afterwards hit a ball to Caffyn at oovorpoiut, who did not noglect tho chance, and thus caused Wardill's retirement. Sueh a display of cricket was never before soen in thuso colonies against eleven such antagonists ; his style was fri-e antl easy throughout, uiul there is no doubt his scoro would have boon much higher but for tho judicious raannor in whioh Law rence placed his mi-ii to intercept tho terrifio hitting 1 with which Wardill punished tho balls. His total was never equallod previously on the M C C. ground. It consisted of nine 4's,seven 3's. eight 2's.and thereat singles, lie was ovur four hours at the wiokut 7— UO —235. Greaves, who succeeded Wardill, inadeS when ho was run out very foolishly. 8—8—2S0. Honnett followed Grmives, uud was bowled by Hewitt the seoond ball without scoring. Allan, tho last man, who had been sclented for his howling, was not ox poated to do much iu batting, neither was the. opportunity afforded him ; for after ho hail snored 1, Willi was caught at the wicket by E. Gregory off Hewitt, the latter having again taken the ball. FRiGHTFur. Acr.iuEST.-Osi Thursday after noon, William-street wns thrown into n state of intense nlarni, by a fearful accident which oc curred about five o'clock in (rout of Mr Turner's hotel, at the corner of llowick-street. It appears that two married daughters of Mr Sims, of George's Plains—Mrs Baker and Mrs Search together with three female children belonging to Mrs Search—enme to town in n light spring cart on Thursday, for the purpose of purchasing, their. Christmas supplies. After dining at Mr Saville's tavern, the two females and the children got into the cart and proceeded to William- street for the purpose of completing their purchases. They drew up at the shop of Mr Saunders, bootmaker, Mrs Search got out of the cart and spont a few minutes in the shop in trying on a pair of hoots. After having transacted her business at Mr Saunders', Mrs Search got into the cart, and in tightening the reins, the bridle came loose, and the. horse's winkers came off. This accident alarmed tho beast, and he set of! at the top of his speed down the street. Mrs Search, in endeavor ing to stop the frightened animal, was thrown down, with her breast on the front of the cart, from which perilous position she was unable to extricate herself. The wonder is that her bruins were not dashed out, as the horae kicked in the most frantic manner, and his heelo at every kick came within a few iuchcs of her face. During t he brief space of time between the horse taking fright and the catastrophe, the horrors of the lookers-on was in describable. The horse in his mad career down William-street swerved to the right down Ilowick strcet, but the impetus with which he was going was so great that the cart was dashed with fearful violence against the alignment post at the corner. The concussion was so violent that the shafts of the cart were broken off, the harness gave way, and the liorsc, after being thrown down, struggled up again and continued his headlong career down William-street. The scene that presented itself where the cart was overturned was horrifying. The women and two of the elder children were lying amongst the ruins of the vehicle in an un conscious state, and apparently killed. It was not without some difficulty that Mrs Search -was dragged from the debris—to all appearanco dead. Mrs Baker was also in an unconscious state. They [ were both ultimately conveyed to the residence of Mr John M'Donald, tailor, Howick- street, and medical assistance was called in. Dr Basaett was quickly in attendance, and found that Mrs Search had suffered a fracture of three ribs, be.'ides other interna! injuries, but up to the pre sent time it is impossible to say to what extent. Mrs Baker is also seriously injured, and they are both lying in a most dangerous state at the resi dence of Mr M'Donald, from which it is impos sible to remove them. What makes the accident assume a much more serious aspect is that both poor women are enceinte. The elder child, about eight years of age, received a very severe scalp wound, which Dr Bassett sewed up, but happily the injury is not dangerous ; the child went home to George's Plains yesterday morning. The second little girl was more severely injured, hav ing received a shocking wound, extending from the chin to the cheek bone, laying the flesh open for several inches. Dr Bassett sewed up this dreadful wound, and the poor little girl lies in a very dangerous condition. Fortunately, the youngest child, an infant ol three 3'ears ofnge, escaped without a single scratch.—Ballmrst Times. Crinoline in Railway CARttiAoiis.—On Mon day, the tralUc on ti.e Bristol and Exeter Hail-' way was extremely heavy between Bristol nnd Weston-snper Mare, and one of the late trains being more than usually crammed, a difficulty was experienced in finding accommodation for all comers. Accordingly, at Yatton, a porter having looked in vain for room in second-class carriages to stow away six or eight buxom lasses who had been spending the day at Clevedon, as a last resort thrust them into a first- class compartment, until then only tenanted by two gentlemen. From the conversation of the bevy of fair ones, it transpired that they came from Bedminster, and worked at the sewing machine, but what formed amongst them a more fruitful topic than their avocation, was the circumstance that a pair of tho party had, whilst donkey riding at Cleveland, lost their railway tickets. They speculated much as to how they should act, and at length, feeling dis inclined to throw themselves on the mercy of the collector, their companions suggested as they neared the terminus that they should get be neath the crinolines of some of the rest. No sooner was the hint thrown out than it was acted upon, and in a trice the two damsels were in visible, a heaving mass of muslin being all that indicated their.whereabouts. "Lie still Lize," " Hold hard, Sal," were hurriedly whispered as the blue coated official approached the carriage for the tickcts. Those who could produce theirs handed them to him with the greatest prompti tude, and lie having taken the customary official survey of the interior, in order to see that he had collected all the tiny vouchers, passed on. Directly he had left, a movement was perceptible in the middle of the compartment, and the two little ruddy Venuses emerging from waves of crinolines, "Sal" and "Lize" uprose, and smoothed their dishevelled tresses. Believing that the girls had really lost their tickets, the gentlemen in the carriage remained tacit though amused spectators of the affair, and as they got on the platform one observed to the other that after all there was something to be said for crinoline.—Bristol Post. Tub Halifax Chronicle says a lieutenant of the Royal Artillery made a wager that he would walk twenty miles in four hours. On tho 30th ult.. at 12 45 p.ni , lie commenced the feat on a measured course on the common, and completed it at -137, having eight minutes to spare. 0.v Wednesday night a woman, 65 years of age, named Gilhooly, waB brought to the Gee long Hospital, covered from head to foot with bruises, inflicted by her son, a young man twenty years of age. : T he unnatural scoundrel has, for the present, made his escape. In the nuttier of "Tichborne v. Mostyn," an application was made on the 1st October to Mr Buckloy, chief clerk to Vicc-Chancellor Malins, vacation judge, for further time to file affidavits of documents bavins reference to the plaintiff's claim. A long affidavit was handed in, which stateil that many of the documents with reference to which an extension of time was now asked for a third time were very old ; that they had rela tion to matters of pedigree and otherwise; that considerable research was needed, and that some extension of the period previously granted was absolutely necessary. Tlio cliiet -cleric, alter carefully rending the affidavit, granted a mouth 'a extension of time. " Those who love heraldry, lords, companions of princes, and so forth, may be glatl perhaps to know something about the aristocratic rela tions of Lord Newry und the lion Eliot Yorke with the peerage," observes the Star. "Dehrett informs us that Lord Newry, or Francis Charles Viscount Newry, is the son of Francis Jack, late'Viscount'Newry, and grandson and heir of Francis Jack Needlutm, Karl of Kilmorey, who is eighty years of uge. The earl is an Irish peer and was created an carl in 1822, the family vis county dating from 1G25. The family motto is 1 Nunc aut nuuquam,' and their seats, Mooro Park, Newry; Wol'urn Park, Chcrtsey; and Shaving ton Ilali, Market Drayton. The lion ICIiot Con stautine Yorke is a son of the Karl of llardwiclce. The barony of Hardivieke was created in 1733, and the earldom in 1724. The eldest son, Vis count Royston, is, or was, M.P. for Cambridge, and one of the sons is named John Manners Yorke, so may have some relationship witb the family of the present Governor of Victoria. The family motto is ' Nec capias hoc metuasand their seats', Wimpolo Hall, Cambridgeshire j and Sydney Lodge, Hampshire. The ages of Prince Alfred and his two aristocratic companions arc pretty equal, the Prince having been born in 1844, Lord Newry in 1842, and the hon E. C. Yorko in 1843." Pkople who brood over their sorrows ore usually successful in hatching a ntimeious family; and those who " nurse their rage to keep it warm " are sure of a comfortable temperature of indignation, "Would you.not, Sir, start, as 2Wr Gurrack does, if you saw a ghost ?" said Jemmy Boswell to Samuel Johnson. "I hope not,"replied John son, " if I did, I should frighten the ghost." 