PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, NOVKMUEU 10. Tho SPEAKER took tho chair at twonty-nino minutes fast 3. TERMINUS OP, THE GREAT WESTERN " ' RAILWAY. Mr. STIMPSON asked the Secretary for Public "Worker-Does the Government contemplate tho ?erection of tho'Grcat W'estorn Railway terminus upon tho Kelso sido of tho Macquarie River-if not, iias ' "the Government lixed upon a sito for tho railway ?terrhinus on the Bathurst side of tho Mncquariu Itiver ? Mr. BYRNES said it was not contemplated to erect .a bridge on tho Kelso side of tho Macquarie River, tho sito for tho terminus having been fixed upon tho Bathurst side. SALE OF DEBENTURES. Mr. JOSEPH, for Mr. Samuel, asked tho Colonial ^Treasurer-1. What amount of debentures hos been -sold to tho Mutual Provident Society during thc present year ? 2. What was tho dato of such salo ? ?Ai. What was tho not amount roalised from such «ale ? Mr. EAGAR nnswored: 1. £135,000. 2. On tho flth August, 1807. 3. Thcso debentures were soki at £88 por £100, and deducting brolcorago realised £118,125. BANK BALANCES. Mr. JOSEPH, for Mr. Samuel, asked tho Colonial Treasurer-What wore tho balances nt tho dsbit or «redit of the Govormuout m tho various banks, on tho .31st October last? Mr. EAGAR gave tho following reply: Bank of New South Wales-Debit balance on 31st October, 18G7 :-On general account, £3188 2s. Od. ¡ on special account, £100,000; total, £103,408 2s. 9d. Oriental Bank Corporation, London-Credit, balanco 20th Sep- tember, 1807 (beingtho latestdatc of advico), £27-1,110 2s. Sd, BANK CORRESPONDENCE. Mr. JOSEPH, for Mr. Samuel, asked tho Colonial Treasurer-Whether ho intends to lay upon the table of this Houso copies o>£ all correspondence between tho Government, or any members thereof, and tho Oriental Bank Corporation, relating to tho past or future financial arrangements of tho colony, sinco the 1st October, 1805 ? Mr. EAGAR said tho papers referred to would bo laid on the table in thc course of this afternoon. CARCOAR COURT HOUSE. Mr. STIMPSON asked tho Secretary for Public "Works-Do tho Government intend to have tho neces- sary repairs, required to be done to tho Carcoar Court- house, carried out without delay ? Mr. BYRNES said tenders woro accepted on tho ?3rd September last The work had boon delayed by -wet weather, but was now in progress, and would bo .completed during the present month. CASE OF ATTORNEY-GENERAL v. ELLIOTT AND OTHERS. The SPEAKER said, in reference to a question put on the paper by Mr. Robert Stewart concerning the case of the Attorney-General v. Elliott and others, and the application of Mrs. Tebbutt for the goods of her son, John Tebbutt, infant, that the question was so very wide of the rule of the house that he felt it his duty to read the rule on the subject. He read the rule prescribing that questions must be concerning matters immediately connected with the business of Parliament or with the public interest Mr. R. STEWART said he thought this was a matter of public concern. Mr. TUNKS thought, as the practice of this Parlia- ment differed in important respects from that of the Imperial Parliament, such a question ought to be re- ceived. The SPEAKER said the standing orders of this House proscribed that the rules of the House of Com- mons should be observed, unless when there was an express rule of this House. If the House, however, desired an irregular practice to continue, it was not for him to interfere further. Mr. MARTIN said though the name of the Attorney-General was used, it was entirely a private matter. The Prothonotary could give the hon. member all the information the Government could procure for him on the subject. But he (Mr. Martin) would be prepared with the information to-morrow. Mr. R. STEWART said he would ask the question to-morrow. Mr. GARRETT said the hon. member had no right to do so, as the question was out of order. Was this a matter of public affairs? It was a suit between different persons as to tho property of a deceased person. The name of the Attorney-General was used in it as a mere matter of form. The Crown was not interested. But the Speaker had ruled that the ques- tion was out of order. That settled the question, unless the Speaker's ruling was challenged by a motion. The SPEAKER said the only question was this : "Was the interest involved in this matter public or private. It appeared to him to be private. REVISION OF TEACHERS' SALARIES. Mr. FORS'l'ER asked tho Colonial Secretary-With Toforonco to tho Biibject of my question to tho Colonial Sucretary of November 13th, numbered 2 on the paper -1. Has tbero been any revision of tho salaries of teachers of publie schools? 2. If so, when was that Tovision mnde, and what was ¡ts effect ? 3. Does not the return roforred to in the said question includo re- vised salaries, and exhibit a new mode of alloting fees, adopted sinco such revision ? Mr. PARKES said ho found by a letter from the secretary to tho Council of Education, that-1. A temporary rc-arrangement of the salaries of teachers in tho public schools of Sydney lins been made. 2. Thia arrangement was made on tho 31st May last Tho .effect is to givo teachers the same emoluments as they had in 1800, and to save tho trouble of tho monthly readjustment which would othorwiso bo required to ?effect that object. 8. Tho return referred to does in- cludo revised Balarios and tho alteration in tho appro- priation of fees. All tlieso arrangements wero of a temporary nature, as no final arrangement could bo mado until tho number and rank of the teachers to "bo employed in each school 'had been determined. Tho rank of tho teachers will depend on tho classification to bo mado by examination. It was intended that all ?touchers should undergo examination for this purpose. And on nccount of tho amount ot businoss, it had been found impracticable to carry out this design during :tho present year. CASE OF DENNIS v. KELL. Mr. TUNKS asked thc Attornoy-Gencral-L If ho Jins received any coinmuniciilion iron Mr. Roynohls .in tho caso Dennis v. Koli, which, caso was to bo beard .on Wednesday, 13th Novombor, nt tho Police-court, Parramatta ? 2. If ho intends to ask tho magistrates «n what grounds they postponed tho caso for a weeli, -although nil parties wore present before tho Court with ilioir witnesses ? 8. And why tho magistrates negloated to toko boil in tho samo case, as hy law Tcquircd? Mr. MARTIN said ho had received a communica- tion of tho kind referred to. Ho did not intend to jisk tho magistrates on what grounds they postponed tho case.. Ho was not aware that nay ono was in custody in tho caso referred to. ORDER OF BUSINESS. Mr. EOBERTSON asked tho AttorncyGoneral "Whothor tho Government intonded to go on with tho Municipalities Bill to-morrow (Wednesday) or with tho Estimates ? Mr. MABTIN : It is the intention of tho Govern- ment to go on with tho Municipalities BUL (Mr. JoBErn: Hear, henr.) LAND RESERVES. I Mr. "WILSON laid on tho table returns of Crown lands reserved for Bites of villages ; also, reserves for ?water supply. " NEW HOAD. Mr. WILSON also kid on tho tablo a survey of a road proposed to bo closed, and another to bo opened through private proporty. ORUÎNTAL BANK. Mr. EAGAR laid on tho tablo correspondence botwoon tho Government and tho Oriental Bank Cor- poration. Tho abovo wero ordered to bo printed, MUNICIPALITIES BILL. Mr. J. STEWART presented" a petition from tho Mayor and Council of Wollongong, praying^ for légis- lation, without delay, on tho subject of municipalities. Tho petition was received. PERSONAL EXPLANATION. Mr. JOSEPH, ia explanation of what ho had stated on tho pockago duty tho othor evening, said Unit ho found ho had boon mistajcon as to tho wharfingers having obtained tho opinion of Hr. Martin as a bar- rister. He took tiw earliest opportunity of correcting tt* mlftakf, FISHERIES ACT AMENDMENT BTLÏ* - ] Mr. WINDEYER, ns a formal motion, moved tho third reading of tho Fisheries Act Amondment Bill.' j Tho motion whs carried, and the bill rcnÄ "a third time, passed, and transmitted to tho Legislativo Council. PROCEEDINGS IN INSOLVENCY FACILITA- TION' BILL. Mr. JOSEPHSON, as a formal motion, moved tho third rending of the Proceedings in Insolvency Facili- tation Bill ; which was carried. The bill waa read a third timo, passed, and trans- mitted to tho Legislntivo Council. GOLD ESCORT. Mr. RODD withdrew his motion with respect to the safo delivery of gold by escort, and gavo fresh notice for this day fortnight, ns his colleagues, representing the other gold-Holds, were not present. KING v. MANNING. Mr. Driver not being present, Mr. LUCAS said ho had been requested to ask for this motion to bo postponed until a later period of tho availing. ItEV. JOHN M'GIBBON AND MR. CUABLES TIBBEY. Mr. FORSTER, in moving-"Tliat thora belaid «pon tho table of this House, copies of all lotters, or other correspondence, between tho Government and any person or persons, or hotwoon tho Council of Education and any person or persons, and of all minutes of pro- ceedings of tho said Council, having reference to any charges modo hy tho Rev. John M'Gibbon against Mr. diaries Tibboy, formerly teacher of a denominational school in Palmer-street, Woolloomooloo; or by tho said Mr. Charles Tibbey against tho Rev. John M'Gibbon; or to tho proposed dismissal of tho said Mr. Charles Tibbey from his office of teacher," said this was a matter of Borne public importance, inasmuch ns somo wrong had been done to a private individual. He would not state the whole case, but a few general facts to show that there was a prima facie caso for tho production of this correspondence. And the statements ho should make would be on tho authority of certain documents which ho had seen, and from what ho lind learnt from reliable persons who had^ also soon theso documents. Ho would theroforo cbnSno himself to thoso leading facts capable of being tested by tho documents ho was now asking for. It appeared that Mr. Charles Tibbey, who is ono of tho princi- pals in tho matter, was formerly a donominationnl school teacher in a Presbyterian school in Palmer-street, and was now omployod as a public school teacher at Cassino. Somo years ago, during tho performance of his duties in Palmer-street, ho got into difficulties with the members of the local board, tho Hov. Mr. M'Gibbon hoing a member of that board. It appeared that Mr. Tibbey brought somo vexatious charge against a femalo teacher named Miss Lamb. No one, ho (Mr. Forster) understood, called in question Mr. libbey's capacity aa a school teacher, but ho was deemed by those over him to bo a somewhat troublesome porson, and it was found dif- ficult to get him to work in harmony with tho other teachers nnd managers of tho school. An inquiry was mado by tho local board into theso charges made against Miss Lamb, and tho board found thom to bo vexatious. Tho board offered to Mr. Tibbey this alternative-either to pay Miss Lamb her wages, or be dismissed from his position. Mr. Tibbey accepted tho alternative o£ paying Miss Lamb her wages. But after this, it was found that Mr. Tibbey had boon very activo in disseminating certain slanders against tho Rev. Mr. M'Gibbon. Ho did not desiro to speak of these slanders in a more general way, than to say first, tha£ tho Rev. Mr. M'Gibbon was charged with having misappropriated certain funds ; and, secondly, that on ono occasion ho was intoxicated at a certain boat race or party. It was thus that Mr. Tibbey was found to bo a troublesome character, and owing to his slanders, ho was deemed to bo unlit for tho oliico of teacher. An inquiry was in- stituted. Ho was charged with boing quarrelsome, and with having slandered tho Hov. Mr. M'Gibbon. Tho inquiry was lirst instituted under thc old system by tho local board, who having given tho matter con- sideration, thought it was bcUor for Mr. Tibbey to re- sign his situation. But Mr. Tibbey refused, and tho matter was then referred to tho then Denominational School Board, who postponed the consideration of tho case for a long time, without any apparent reason, ex- cept that it was felt that tho existence of that board was about to cease, and that is would be better to relegate the matter to tho now board. In tho meantime tho case was referred to the Moderator, who concurred in tho dismissal of Mr. Tibboy by tho local board. Tho matter was postponed till tho Denomi national School Board ceased to exist, when tho case came bofoie tho Council of Education. Tho caso was stated in writing to tho Council of Edu- cation, by the Row Mr. M'Gibbon. Ponding this, tho local board had entered into arrangements to supply Mr. Tibboy's piuco ns a teacher, as it was found difli cuit to deal with Mr. Tibboy, or to malro any uso of him in his public capacity. Tho trustees, therefore, put in another person as locum tenons until tho matter should have been decided by the Council of Education. But tho Council of Education was a long time before thoy took tho matter up and carno to a decision. Thoy decided that JNlr. Tibboy should have another appoint- ment They did not decido on tho chargo preferred against Mr.'Tibboy, but under the impression that tho trustees had acted improperly in tho courso tlioy had taken. Tho Hov. Mr. M'Gibbon, upon this, wrote to tho Council of Education, making charges against Mr. Tibboy, nccusing bini of conduct wliich would imply his unfitness as a teacher. Tho charge did not in any way affect the professional ability as a teacher of Mr. Tibboy; but Mr. M'Gibbon charged him with having disseminated against him very gross slanders, such slanders being that thc Rev. Mr.' M'Gibbon had mis- appropriated certain funds, and that he had boon in- toxicated at a boating party at which Mr. Tibbey was also present It appeared tho Council of Education allowed Mr. Tibbey to have a copy of this letter. Ho (Mr. Forster) did not mention this to infer that Uie Council did wrong; but ho asked tho House to pay attention to this fact* as it would affect what he yet bad to say. Mr. Tibbey wroto a letter to tho Council of Education in reply to Mr. M'Gibbon's lettor; and Mr. Tibbey's lotter, was deemed to bo of'so gross a character that tho Council of Education declined receiving it, so far as they could decline. The Rev. Mr. M'Gibbon hearing o£ tliis lotter, and that Mr. Tibboy had for some limo past taken an active part in disseminating the slanders in question-in spreading thom about tho neighbour- hood, andatatingthntho had put them forth in writing to tho Council of Education, tho Rev. Mr. M'Gibbon applied to tho Council for a copy of Mr. libbey's letter but was rofuscd. Tho Council in refusing said thoy had not in their possession any lettor which in their judgment prejudiced tho character of tho Rev. Mr. M'Gibbon. They did not say they had not tho lotter, but that they had no lotter which prejudiced tho Rev. Hr. M'Gibbon in their ores. Ho apprehended that tho Rov. Mr. M'Gibbon'e did not ask tho Council for a certificate of character, (laughter) but merely for tho copy of a letter which ho knew as a fact had been sent by Mr. Tibboy to tho Council of Education. Being refused Mr. M'Gibbon wroto a somewhat per- emptory lotter lo tho Conncil submitting to thom tho alternative that they should oitlier givo him a copy of iho lotter so as to enable him to defend himself, or that tho Council should investigate tho charges. Tho answor to this letter was_ that Mr. 'libbey's letter alluded to was not in existence, having been in tho meantirao destroyed by Mr. Tibbey or by some mem- ber of tho Council. The evidence, therefore, on which Mr. M'Gibbon migiit have relied to sustain an action for libol being thus refused, and no stops taken by tho Council to call upon Mr. Tibboy to withdraw tho slanders, Mr. M'Gibbon was thus compelled to placo his cliargo in a lower form in a court of law, to vindi cato himself. If he bad obtained the letter ho could have sustained ax action for libel, but now ho AAIII^I rtTilv liritio. nn nnlinn for iilandnr. When tho Kev. Mr. M'Gibbon brought hie action for slander in tho Supremo Court, Mr. Tibbey brought a counter action for libel. So that tho Itev. Mr. M'Gibbon was drivon to tlie inferior form of action for slander in conec quoncoof the withholding of that document, while Mr. Tibboy was supplied with a copy of tho letter hy the Council of Education which enabled him to sus- tain an action for libel. Tho result of Ibo affair was, that tho Itov. Mr. M'Gibbon' obtained a. triumphant vordict against Mr. Tibboy, and Ibo next day, when tho cross action was to como on, the counsel on <Mr. Tibboy's side withdrew 11M recoi d. Mr. Tibbey's coun- sel nppealod to Mr. MlGibbon personally to stay pro- ceedings in tho first action, but ho declined until Ids character was publicly vindicated. When this had been done, so far as ii jury could vindicate it, an orrnngomont was made for the costa «nd damages ia tho first case to bo forgiven Mr. Tibbey, and in the eocond, each party paid hi« own costs.. Tho second, or ODOM action, was not proceeded willi, as Sir "William Man- ning, counsel for Mr. M'Gibbon, stated that it was only dosired by Mr. M'Gibbon that his character should be vindicated, and that it was not desirable to proas tíio matter further, ns Mr. Tibbojr bad already boon j assessed Sn heavy damages, It will not be found in «ny part of the corrt*<pond«oce that the Her, Mr. 1 M'Gibbon. desire to ishirk tho "mutton But by IIÍB .leniency towards Mr. Tibboy inferences karo boen drawn which wero unfuir towards Mr. M'Gibbon. After all, tho principal point is tho issue, so that Mr. M'Gibbon's character has been amply vindicated so far as a jury could do it, and tho chnrgo of libel was also withdrawn in.!hist£ivour. His Honor Sir Alfred Stephen took a very strong opinion ns regarded the conduct of Mc. Tibboy, and went so far ns to tiiink it his duty to state in Oourt that Ulis arr ingenio nt was made to Bhiold Tibbey from tho consequences. of his conduct in tho witness "box, in which his Honor thought Mr. Tibboy had committed perjury, and only that ho did not desire to projudico tho second action, his Honor intended to bind over Mr. M'Gibbon to appear as a witness. In his lotter to tho Council, Sir Alfred Stephen stated that Mr. Tibboy waa unfit, under tho circumstances, to keep a school; but previous to tho receipt of that lotter by tho Council, some members of tho Council had thought it right to move in tho matter; and ono of thoso gentlemen, Mr. Smith, had proposed a resolution at which tho Speaker of this Houso and Mr. Allon wero presont, which could have boon carried at that time, if tho Speaker had not interfered, principally on tho ground that there wero not many of tho members of Counoil in attendance. Tho resolution could, no doubt, havo been carried at that time, hut Mr. Smith adopted the more moderato course, and tho subject was loft over for a full attendance of tho Council. In tho meantime, Sir Alfred Stephen's lotter had been re- ceived. At the next meeting of the Council, a majority, comprising tho Colonial Secretary, tho Attorney General, tho Speaker, Mr. Allen, arid Mr. Smith wero prosont. Tho quoätion was put, tho letter of Sir Alfred Stephen road, but the motion waa negatived. Mr. Tibboy, therefore, still retains ohargo of tlie school. The Council of Education possess a teacher whoso moral unfitness has been almost admitted by themselves. He trusted that in tile statement ho had mudo ho had done no injustice to Mr. Tibboy. Ho (Mr. Forstor) did not mako himself responsible for all or any of tho statements that ho had made, but ho thought he had shown enough to induce tho Houso, in justice, to consout to tho production of the correspondence asked for. If no other effect should follow it would bo useful as showing tho manner in which the Council of Education conduct their business. Ho did not think that anything tho Council could now do would remedy tho evil their action had created, for it had worked deeply to tho prejudice of Mr. M'Gibbon. It had exposed him to slander, and put him to unreasonable expense-more, in fact, than any compensation could cover. It might indeed lw right, but tho question did not como under consideration at thc present stage, that Mr. M'Gibbon should reçoive some compensation from this House. Tho moro important consideration that arose out of Ulis question was how the Council o£ Education arrivo at their conclusions as to the fitness or unfitness of any troachers thoy employ ; their moral estimate of the qualifications which a teacher should possess. Ho should listen with attention to the statements of tho Colonial Secre- tary, who would no doubt corro it any inaccuracy in the remarks ho (Mr. Forster) might have made ; but ho thought that without making any material deviation from tho case as submitted to him, ho had produced quito sufficient to convince tho Houso that some further inquiry might bo necessary. Mr. PARKES said there was not the slightest ob- jection on tho part of tho Government to tho produc- tion of theso papers, but for tho namos, however, ho should scarcely have been able to rocogniso tho case. It appeared to him that tho papers, when furnished, would show Unit nearly tho wholo of the circumstances as stated, were not correct. Mr. FOB8TER said his veracity, however, was hot in question. Tho hon. Colonial Secretary had ques- tioned tho correctness of tho statement hu had made to tho House. It had hoon too often tho practice of tho hon. gentleman to throw discredit upon thc state- ments of hon. members who wero opposed to him, but it was duo to tho Houso to point out in what way he disputed tho substantiality of ti ie statements, instead of giving a general denial. This was a mero artifice, and ono which was too often had recourse to ; it wat calculated to mislead the House and tho public Ul course his (Mr. Forster's) veracity was not in question, but ho believed that tho statements he had made wore true, and that they would be proved to bo so on fur- ther inquiry. CATTLE STEALING AT YASS. Mr. RODD moved-" That an address ho presented to tho Governor, praying that his Excellency will bc pleased, to causo to bo laid upon thetabloof this House a copy of tho information, depositions, and all othoi papors connected with tho caso of Janies Dully, who was convicted for cattle stealing, at tho Yass General Sessions, on tho 7th October last." It was necessary, ho said, to mako a few remarks on tho circumstances connec-ed with this case. Tho prisoner, Janies Duffy, was tried ai tho lost sessions at Yass, and convicted of stealing cattle the property of Messrs. Forster Brothers. Tho District Court Judge Simpson sentenced tho prisoner to oighteer montlis imprisonment, havino- received two certificates as lo tho general good character of tho prisoner from two magistrates of tho district (Messrs. G. Campbell, and A. Lynch). Theso magistrates had given Duffy an excellent character for thorough honesty and integrity, and tho Judgo oxpressod himself to tho effect that if it had not boen for thoso characters ho should havo sentenced tho pri- soner to several years' longer imprisonment. It was high time that a stop should bo put to tho practico of giving men good characters whon directly tho opposilo can bo proved; and from what ho had learned, Ulis caso was ono of that description. Tho prisoner Janies Duffy was given into custody to tho Marengo polico in Í80G, on tho charlo of horso stealing, and his brothor John was convicted in 18G5, before tho Young Bench, and fined £20 for having cuttle illegally in lu's possession. James and John had also been fined by tho Cowra bench, James £5 and John £2, for a similar offence, ns was proved by a letter, which ho read to the House, signed by an officer of polico nt Cowra. Tho lotter stated that tho father of tho two Duffys was discharged. It was too bad that certificates of character should bo givin to individuals lileo theso. Messrs. Forster Brothers aro respectable men, who had taken advantage of tho Crown LandB Alienation Act of 1801, and selected land largely in tho district. Thoy had had largo inroads mado upon their property by rteoplo of this description, and had sustained very serious loss. This was not tho first or second time, out thrice, that Uley had suffered by tho inroads of those who were too lazy to work, and it was too bad that when mon woro convicted of having infringed the laws, that they should escapo on auch certificates as theso, representing tíicm to bo of irrenroachablo character. Mr. BURNS seconded tho motion. Mr. MARTIN said that as Mr. Rodd had pointed out the names o£ tho two gentlemen in tho commis- sion of the peaco who, by their certificates, had caused tho Judge to lighten the punishment of tho offender, the production of tho depositions would throw no further light upon the statement. If, therefore, tho hon. member would not press tho motion, tho matter could bo inquired into by tho hon. Colonial Secretary, to whoso department it appertained, tho object of Mr. Rodd might bo fully answered. Mr. RODD, after tho statement of tho hon. and learned gentleman, asked tho permission of thu IIouso to withdraw tho motion, although ho had only done Iiis I duty in bringing tho circumstances under tho nolico of this IIouso and this country. . Tho motion, by leave of tho IIouso, was then with- drawn, THE PUNT AT CASINO. Dr. LANG gave notice of question-As to whether any orders had been given by tho Minister for Public Works for tho removal ot Uio punt from Cnsiuo, Richmond Ilivor, and its removal to tho junction of that river whore a largo population was settled, and whore it would bo moro useful. POSTPONEMENTS. On tho motion of Mr. LUCAS tho order of Ibo day for Ü10 second reading of tho Sr. Andrew's Cathedral Close Bill, as amended in select committee, was post- poned until Friday next Tho order of the doy for tho second reading of -tho Arbitrations Facilitation Bill was, on tho motion of Mr. GARRETT, postponed until Friday noxt. . NECROPOLIS REGULATION RILL. Mr. MARTIN (on tho order of tho day for tho third reading of tho Necropolis Regulation Rill being called on), moved tho recommittal ot tho bill, with Ilia object of giving lion, members tho opportunity of re- J considering tho decisien arrived at ona previous even- ing to strilco out tho clause authorising tho appoint- ment of chaplains stan annual stipend of a sum not exceeding £¿250 por annum, to solemniso tho burials at tho Necropolis, It had been mistakenly apprehended ¿hat tho proposal was an infraction of tho principio «atablisliedby ;Uie IIouso in relation lo State-aid, but the objection .could not bo supported on that ground.' Tlie only object ibo bad in view when he framed that cbuiM waa to pro-vide ior the interment of paupers with due religious eolnatáty, anà procuring tn* aUendoaca of clorgyman at funerals of thoso who wera not nhlo to scciiro tho services of clergymon on such occasions. There could ho no doubt thnt thoso persons who wore intered in this cemetery and had friends, would bo duly attended to by thoso friends who would securo tho attondanco of clergymen of their own denomination but not so with paupers. In point of fact for months in con vonionco liad boen felt in this respect. Tho nearest c crgymon resided at Parramatta or tho metropolis, and many poor poisons had been interred without any clergyman being in attendance. It was, therefore, with tho object of providing tho last ministrations for tho poor,"vith a duo regard to solemnity, that ho now asked tho IIouso to consent to thc recommittal of the bill with the object of inserting a now clause, as clause 12 of tho bill and for effecting tho alterations conse- quent upon tho insertion ot tho now clause, in clausa IS. Tho motion for going into cemmittco was carried on division, tho votes uoing Ayes, 23. Mr, Martin Mr. Lackey Parkes Stimpson Byrnes Leo Wilson Itodd i F.agar Gordon | Hart Windoyor ll. Stewart Tighe Piddington Isaacs Dignam Tunks M'Kay Farnell S. Brown De Salis. Josephson Noaa, 7. Mr. Robertson Mr. Burns Garrett Driver Lucas J. Stewart. Forster Tho nouso then went into committee accordingly. Mr. MARTIN moved that clauEO 12, os originally proposed, forni clause 12 of the bill. _ (This clause provides that chaplains may bo appointed for tho several denominations, and paid salaries of - not moro than £200 each out of tho fees. Mr. BURNS said it was a most extraordinary course for tho Government to proposo to introduce this clause again, after it had been fully discussed and negatived. 'Though it had been a question which did not, per- haps, involve State-aid Mr. DIGNAM: Drop that word. What havo wo got to do with State-aid ? Tho CHAIRJLAN called Mr. Dignam to order. Mr. DIGNAM : It was out of ordtr for tho hon. gentleman to mention State-aid. Mr. BURNS continued: Tho ground for tho Necro- polis bad cost £2000, and tho expenso connected with its improvement was about £1000 ; so that it had cost altogether about £0000 of tho public money. If tho trustees Biiouiu ue aumoriscu to remunéralo cnapiams for each denomination by fixed salaries, inducements would bo lield out to them to increase the fees for that purpose, and the funds would bo diverted from their proper object of beautifying and improving the Necropolis generally. No doubt it was proposed that the seale of charges should bo subject to tho approval of tho Executive Council; but it was not at all probable that tho Exccutivo would disap- prove of their . hoing so framed that any sum up to £250, for each denomination, for tho chaplains might bo derived from thom. Tho amount which could bo set apart in this way for tho six denominations was £1500 per annum. Ho believed that this clause was unnecessary because tho several denominations would seo to it, that proper pro- vision was mado for tho performance of their religious services over tho dead. (Mr. MAKTJK : It has not been so hitherto.) It had boon stated that some negiect had occurred on the part of tho Koman Catholic de- nomination, but that was not all owing to indifference, but on account of somo question as to thc land to which that denomination was entitled not having been de- termined. Tho committeo had beforo negatived tho clauso by 15 to 14, and ho could not see why it should now be dealt with differently. Ho should call for a division so that tho votes of hon. members should bo on record. Mr. DIGNAM said it was curious how hon. mem- bers would quarrel about a fly. Tho hon. momber had talked for half an hour; and had ho said anything to justify his referonco to State-aid ? lío aBked any member of independent mind, whether this 12th clause had anything to do with State-aid ? It was a pity the hon. member was not born in State-aid, and christened in State-aid, and died in State-aid. There was no referonco to any fund, except to a fund raised by each particular denomination for a particular purpose. The hon. momber could not holiove but that tho ghost of State-aid was in tho clause. There was not oven the shadow of State-aid. Dr. LANG said ho had voted against tho clauso that it was now proposed to re- introduce-not because ho considered that it implied a return to tho principle of State-aid ; for lie looked on such allowances as being in tho category os those to chaplains of gaols, and of ships of war who aro sustained by tho American Government, whore State-aid is not recognised in any form. But ho did not like tho clauso, on account of tho aspect it had to tho denomination to which ho belonged. It was asplicablo to th3 two other larger denominations-tho Church of England and Roman Catholic Church. Eor it was tho sentiment common in thoso bodies that a momber of their communion cannot bo interred pro- perly without tho attendance of a clergyman at tho grave. It was not so in his nativo country. In Scot hind tho funeral service was generally "held in tho houses of the deceased, in presence of tho family and friends. And it was not necessary to hnvo the attendance of ministers ; tho elders of n congregation often taking that duty. Ile (Dr. Lang) in the caso of infants performed tho funeral service in thc house ot tho parents, allowing tho friends to carry the corpse to tho grave, and mako tho interment in solemn silence. There was as much reverence in his country, as in any in tho world. Considering tho clause now in question as referring to tho two largo denominations he with- drew his opposition to it This clause was permissive, not compulsory. Tho trustees woro not compelled to givo any salary; they woro permitted to do so if they thought it expedient and necessary. He felt sure it would affect his denomination but to a small extent They would arrange for their clergy- men to attend tho funerals of their own parishioners. Ho had ascertained from tho hon. Ministor for Lands (Mr. Wilson) that tho trustees of each distinct denomi- nation wero to receivo all tho fees derived from tho in- terments in tho portion of tho burying-ground set apart for that denomination, and to expend thom to tho best of their ability. Ho thought it would bo invidious towards tho otiior two denominations to continuo his opposition to tho insertion of this clauso. Mr. ROBERTSON said he was surprised to hear tho speech of his hon. and reverend friend. Ho (Dr. Lang) said this was not State- aid. If it was not, why did not lie (Dr. Lang) voto with tho lion. Attornoy Gcnoral for tho motion? For tho hon. and reverend member, contrary to his usual habit, went out during tho division. Verily they might say, "evil com- munications corrupt good manners." (A laugh.) It was a now thing for them to find the hon. and reverend member shirking a vole on tho principles he had con- tended for-or on any question whatever. He did not remember ever to hnvo seen his bon. and reverend tv'end shirk a question before. How could ho (Hr, Robertson) UBO words mild enough, and yet expressive of his surpriBo at tho bom and rovorend member ? To seo him slink out of tho Chamber-that was not tho way tho hon. and reverend member used to bohavo in matters of this kind. (Hear, hear.) Ho (Dr. Lang) told tho committee this was not Statc-nid. But he would bo found voting on this ÍBSUO with every State-aid member of tho House. Tho salaries were to bo paid out of tho fees paid to tho trustees. But people could not bury their dead without paying tho fees. Hr. WINDEYER : Yes they can, in tho goneral comotorv. Hr. ROBERTSON : Nono but paupers can. Tho trustees wore to pay tho salaries of £250 out of tho inonoy raised perforce from tho people whoso friends wera buried. "Was not that a milch cow in earnest ? such a milch cow as tho lion, and reverend member spoko of years ago whon ho Bpolto of Bishop Broughton ? Six salaries were to bo paid. It would be a very profit- able investment for ono portion of tho community. Thon tho hon. and rovorond member said wo pay State aid for gaols. Bid tho hon. and rovorond member pre- tend that this caso had any analogy with that P Ho (Slr. Koberlson) could well undorstand how hon. mem- bers in favour of State-aid supported Ulis. And ho admitted very much could bo said in favour of State aid. However much he had opposed State-aid, ho never ran amuck against it : lie had been moderato ön this question. But what had tho hon. and rovorond member boon ?-Tho loudest and most rampant man in tho community on this question. Thoro was a clear indication that til o hon. and rovorond member's views had hean changing of late. Ito should voto against this motion, not that IÜB uot« would have much effect, but ho should vote on prin- ciple Ho had token a moderato view of this matter, lio looked upon thia proposal as Stato-aid to religion in ita worst form, because horo tho peoplo must pay. Dr. TjA.NCt Baid that ho had stated expressly that ho did not consider this allowance was State-aid. It waa n payment of a ditl'crcnt kind, and similar to tho allowances to gaol chaplains in America, where State aid was- abolished. -Ho voted against the clause at first because ho thought it hada diflbrmt aspect towards tho denomination to which ho belonged. Ho thought tho hon. gontloman (Mr. Robertson) might spare his denunciations about his change of opinions. Ho regarded those attacks as somo little payment for tho loss of his votes for him on a particular sido j hut ho (Dr. Lang) could be as honest on ono sido as on tho othor, and ho had sat on both sides for a long time. (Cheers.) Mr. WINDEYER thought tho hon. and rovorend gentleman might havo spared himself any explanation for tho opinions ho entertained. When tho hon. gentleman (Mr. Robortson) statod this was State-aid, ho! was stating mero bunkum, and making untrue Btntomonta calculated to mislead peoplo outside, and falso charges against his opponents. Tho moan- ing of tho plauso] was to allow tho ['peoplo to spond their money in tho way thoy choose. Ho denied there was any compulsion to pay theso fees. Thc gonoral cemetery was opon to paupers. Tho 12th clauso said tho trustees might appoint theso clergy- men. Thero woro fees to bo paul for burial, but not compulsory fees to clergymen. No ministers residing in tho neighbourhood it was dosirablo that a Balary should bo pivon. Mr. ROBERTSON said tho hon. gentleman (Mr. Windeyer) though accusing him of putting tho matter in a falso light, had failed to show tho contrary. Tho view ho (Mr. Robertson) had talton was tho correct one. Mr. LUCAS said according to tho 13th clauso services were to bo performed. If fees wore paid ou each occasion it would be bolter than regular salaries. Ho (Mr. Lucas) resided near the Camperdown Ceme- tery, and ho know that the burial service was now performed in a most disgraceful manner. At first this clergyman read tho services well, and with becom- ing solomnity ; but now tho burial service was gabbled ovor in such a nianuor ns would disgrace a schoolboy. For this reason, ho was against a permanent salary to a clergyman. It would bo better if tho minister of each parishioner wero to read tho burial service. Mr. R. STEWART thought tho hon. gentleman was passing a high censuro . on tho clergyman at tho Camperdown comotery. The saino complaint might bo made against nny clergyman. This clergyman had acted under tho direction of tho Bishop, and had given satisfaction for a number of years. With regard to Hnslem's Creek, tho majority would bc pauper inter- ments, and it was desirable that burial services should bo read by ministers of tho respective denominations. TJ>:o Roman Catholics chargo at present for tho mero oponing of tho ground. A salary should bo voted. He looked upon tho cemetery in tho samo light as our gaols and bonevolent asylums, whero clergymen re- ceived salaries. Tho cemetery might bo considered os a public benevolent burial- ground. Mr. LUCAS, in explanation, said it must ho ad- mitted that tho service was not conducted at tho Cam- perdown cemotory now os it was by the samo reverend gentleman three or four years ago. Mr. DIGNAM said thoy wero wandering from tho subject Ho did not wish to interfere with others, nor did ho Uko others to interfere with him. This bill allowed each denominaiion to bury their own as thoy thought best Dr. LANG differed from tho views of tho hon. gentleman (Mr. Lucas) that clergymen should rcceivo lees. In tho Presbyterian Church the clergyman was not permitted to receive fees from tho friends of tho deceased. It would ho bolter that a salary should bo paid, otherwise some persons would bo desirous of paying high foes, while others would bo unable to pay tho fees. Mr. JOHN STEWART said bo had regarded tho question with a deal of suspicion. Ho believed that tho striking out of this clauso had attracted tile atten- tion of ministers of religion, who had spoken to thc hon. and learned momber on tho subject The object of tho bill itself was to give power to ecclesiastics. But tho fees collected by the trustees did not belong to the Bishop of Sydney or tho head of any other deno- mination-they belonged to tho public, and should bo applied to tho ornamentation of tho ground. He believed that thero were only two denominations now that paid foes for burial. Tho Presbyterians, tho Wesloyans, tho Baptists, and tho Congregationalists do not pay any funeral fees, and there was in fact so very little solemnity in tho ceremony, that it might be dono away with. Tho lion, member (Mr. lt. Stewart) said that tho ground at llaslem's Creek would bc filled up by the interment of paupers. Bo it so. It was our duty to give thom burial, and the friends of tho deceased would take caro that their funerals should bo solemnised properly. In fact, he would rather seo funeral services abolished altogethei than to seo thom .performed as they would bo by paid clergymen. All tho fees collected would go in salaries. Ho should, therefore, move tho omis- sion of the fourteenth line. Mr. PIDDINGTON suggested that tho hon. mom- ber would malte some alteration that would onablo him lo vote for tho reduction of thc stipend of .£250 to £150. For although he did not think the proposal to appoint chaplains, was an infringement upon tho prin- ciple that had hoon adopted by tho House with respect to State-aid. Though tho sum of £250 in italics was qualified hy tho words not exceeding, it wohld bo better to fixa lower maximum, for it was well-know that many incumbents of tho Church of England, and other denominations received less stipends than £200 a year. It should also be remembered that tho bon. member for Illawarra represented all denominations of electors, and Church of England and Roman Catholics, for in- stance, would both object to funerals being conducted by laymen. Tho committee divided on Mr. J. Stewarts motion with tho following result:-Ayes, 23 ; noes, 7. The minority consisting of Messrs. Robertson, Forster, Thornton, Burns. Driver, Lucas, and J. Stewart, the latter's vote was claimed by Mr. Do Salis, but not insisted upon as having given his voice with tho " ayes." Mr. PIDDINGTON moved tbs omission of tho words " £200," with tho intention of limiting the salaries of chaplains to £150. Mr. TUNICS objected to tho reduction on various grounds, but more particularly on its inadequacy. After a few words from Mr. HART, Tho committee divided, tho result being :-Ayes, 0 ; noes, 21. Tho minority foV tho reduction to £150, hoing Messrs. Driver, Piddington, J. Stewart, M'Kny, Burns, lt. Stewart. Tho question was therefore negatived. Mr. BURNS suscosted that manv hon. members appeared to havo voted in mistake. Tho hon. members for tho Clarance, Hastings, and others, had voted against tho original clause being retained in tho bill, nnd had now. voted against its reduction. Ho proposed that tho sum bo reduced to £100. Instead of giving this power to givo salaries of £250, it would bo botter to give the trustees power to supplement tho fees. Tho committeo had determined that somo salary should ho paid ; but there was no occasion to givo so largo a discretionary power to tho trustees as was pro- posed. Tho CHAIRMAN said it was not competent to tho hon. member to move any lower sum than that for- merly proposed. Mr. BURNS proposed that the sum bo reduced to £151. Mr. LUCAS said, as far as principle went, £1 was ns bad as £250. If any sum were paid, £250 was little enough. . They found even labouring men received £250. Tho timo of thoso clergymen, in tho case of two denominations, would bo all lilied up. If they paid tho clergymen at all, let them give something rea- sonable. Ho would havo followed tho lion, and reverend member, if he (Dr. Lang) had voted, as ho thought ho would best Itnow what a clergyman ought to receive for such duty. Dr. LANG- Enid ho had declined voting on tho present motion, because ho felt that it related ex I elusively to two denominations with which ho was not connected. Ho thought ho was not called on to fix tho salaries of ministers or priests who should officiate in tho Church of England and Roman Catholic grounds. (Hear.) Mr. FORSTER RT.1I to talk of this being now a question of principio was straining at n gnat and swallowing a camel, no hud not had time to calculate tho amount required, and would voto for tho sum tho Government proposed, ns ho thought them bostablo to judge. Mr. J. STEWART moved that tho Chairman leayo tho chair, and ask leavo lo sit again this day six months. Tho question wns of such importance that it ought to bo discussed all over tho country. Tho motion of Mr. J. Slownrt was negatived on division, tho numbers hoing- Ayes, 0 ¡ noes, 20, Tho minority consisted of Messrs. Robertson, Drivor, Burns, Jiorstor, Lucas, and J. Stewart. Mr. J. STEWART moved that the Chairman leav« |hc chair. IM, ROBERTSON said ho thought it was useless tbv carry thia matter further. AU the State-aid men wore voting against them. Two anti-Stnte-aid mon in the Government of coureb voted with tho Government. Mr. BURNS said in justice to thoso who opposed this clnuso, it should bo remembered that tho IIouso had previously negatived it, and no sufficient reason hod been given for reversing tho decision. Those who felt strongly, on tho subject, saw that after all they had been defeated that evening by a mero casual majority. It. might bo that if this question .waa adjournel to next week, tho Tloueo would doter mine, ns it before done, against this clause. It was extraordinary that somo hon. members, including tho hon. and reverend mombcr (Dr. Lang), who on a for- ? mor occasion spoke against this clause, now under somo peculiar influenco took n different viow. Tho minority had a right to endeavour to got tho consideration of this clauso postponed to another day. He questioned whether tho opinion of tho Houso had been fairly obtained on this clauso that evoniug; no notice was given of tho intention of tho Government to proposo tho re-committal of Uio bill. If it had been known, several hon- members, now nbsent, might have been present on this occasion, including tho hon. mombcr for Narellan (Mr. Hurley) and so vend other members who had previously voted against this clause. It was not fair for tho Government to como down by surprise to reverso tho decision of tho committee on a previous occasion. They all knew tho influenco which tho Government could bring to bear on some questions. (Loud cheers from tho Opposition.) Tho Government seemed to-day by the influenco they had resorted to, to have brought togothor a number of their friends to reverso tho decision of tho committee. (Mr ». M.VUTIN: NO! no!) Theso hon. gontlomon had con- trived to mako up a majority for tho occasion. Ho believed that if timo were allowed for consideration, th» backsliders would see tho propriety of giving votes in. accordance willi tho principles they had long professed both outside and insido tho House. Ho questioned if the opposition to .this bill had been fairly defeated. It was only a casual dofeat, which justified tho minority in pressing for an adjournment. Mr. HART said tho committoo had decided that thora should be a salary of not less than £150. Ile was astonished at tho course pursued by hon. members who opposed tho clause. Somo people wished to deprivo tho pcoplo of all religion. Mr. BURNS said that ho had as much respect for religion ns tho hon. member (Mr. nart). Mr. HART: Hear, hear. I did not mean you. Thc committee divided on tho motion-That the» Chairman lcavo tho chair-with tho following result: Ayes, 5 ; noes, 17. Tho minority consisted ot Messrs. Driver, Burns, Lucas, J. Stewart, and Forster. Tho motion was, therefore, rejected. Immediately after the division-it being now about tho hour for refreshment- several members loft tho Chamber. Mr. J. STEWART called tho attention of tho Chairman to tho state of tho committee. Tho CHAIRMAN finding only nineteen members present, reported the matter to tho Speaker. Tho Speaker, on entering tho House, found a quorum present. Mr. FORSTER called attention to the state of tho House. A quorum was found. , Mr. J. STEWART thought by this timo tho Govern- ment would seo it was not desirablo to proceed with tho bill at present Ho therefore moved that tho Cliair man leave tho chair, and report progress this day week. Mr. TUNKS said tho hon. member (Mr. J. Stewart) was pursuing an extraordinary course in wishing that three or four hon. members should coerce a majority of about twenty. It was cowardly nnd calculated to bring the Houso into contempt Mr. FORSTER said many hon. gentlemen had loft, not thinking that the bill would be it-committed. Tho course now taken by the minority was precisely Hint which had been taken on a former occasion by the Government They tried to carry tho clause and failed, and now as they are trying again, tho hon. gentleman (Mr. J. Stewart) was perfectly right in opposing it. But be did not wish to hold out further. Mr. MARTIN said tho Government did nothing in attempting to pass tho clauso. It was rejected on ono division, casually obtained. Now thero havo been she divisions. Mr. PIDDINGTON said rather than risk tho bur- king of the bill it would bo better to postpono tho discussion. Mr. MARTIN said there was a largo majority now present to carry this bill. It was desirable to pass this bill. £(J(XKJ had be(n expended on the Necropolis, £-1000 moro was being expended. An Act was already in existence to shut up tho Camperdown Cemetery at tho close of this year, audit was tho moro desirablo that this bill should pass. Tho Church of England, would not bury their dead in tho Necropolis until tills bill is paseod. Mr. BURNS submitted that it would bo better to postpono this clauso for a week. Ho was much opposed to anything like factious opposition, but ho thought that the circumstances were such as _ to warrant the minority of that evening in endeavouring to get tlie clause ¡'óatponed to a future day, when it miL'ht bo decided on its merits. There had been no intimation of tho intention of tho Government to re- commit that hill this evening, whiclviccounted for tho absence of several hon. members who were opposed to the clauso. Mr. Robertson had stated his opposition, , and ho did not intend to holdout further. I Mr. WILSON said, though no notico was given , that the bill was to bo recommitted, yet every hon. j member know of it I Mr. LUCAS said ho had thrown no obstruction to I the bill ; ho voted on principle It was quito as bad I to vote £1 as £250 ; but if any sum was voted, ho should prefer tho higher salary. Mr. J. STHWA HT was as much opposed to tho clauso as ever. Ho only wished tho matter to ho delayed till thero was a fuller House, and until it had received better consideration. Mr. FARNELL explained tho circumstances which led him by mistake, with Dr. Lang, to voto against the clauso. Mr. ISAACS said ns several hon. members had voted against tho clause by mistako, it would havo been carried if thoy had voted according to their opinions. Tho motion was then put and negatived by 22 to 3, Messrs. Forster, Burns, and J. Stewart forming tho minority. Mr. BURNS withdrew his proposal to lill in tho blank with £151. The clauso was then put, tho blank hoing lilied up as proposed, with a salary of £250. Tho committee divided with tho following rcBult : Ayes, 20. Mr. Martin Mr.- R. Stewart Byrnes Leo AVilson Lackoy Parkes Farnell Eagar Tigho ligan Tunks Dignam Isaacs Sutherland Do Salis Rodd Windoyor Lord Hart Noes, '1. Mr. Forster Mr, Burns Driver J. Stewart. Mr. MARTIN moved tho verbal amendments in the 13th clauso necessary; and on division thoy wero carried by 22 to 2, tho minority hoing Messrs. Driver and J. Stewart. Tho CHAIRMAN loft tho chair, and reported tho biU, with further amondmonts, to tho House. On tho motion of ' Mr. WILSON, tho report was adopted, and tho third rending of tho bill fixed for to- morrow. Mr. MARTIN .moved tho adjournment of tho House, and tho Houso adjourned at a quarter-past 8, until 3 o'clock to-morrow (Ulis day). A QuAnnEL BETWEEN Two BnoTnERS.-On Mor» day afternoon a very shocking oircumstat.ee occurred in Stamford-street, Blackfriars. About i o'clock two brothers, riged respectively 16 and 10, were quarrelling* while walking together along the street, and the elder strack the yoonger so violently that be rosled and ioel into the roadway almost Immediately beforo a Hsnaom cab, wbioh coming along at great speed unfottnna ely he could not get away in time, and the wheal paned over his neck. Mr. Ridding, a baker in Broad Wall, ran to his assistance, and took bim to the surgery of Dr. Menzie», in doing whiob ho.was smothered with the unfortunate ohild's blood, He wag subsequently con- veyed to Guy's Hospital In a dding condition. Tb* brother, whose momentary burst of passion had caused this melancholy occurrence, appeared petrified with horror, and was totally unable to answer any question D*t t« him. 