NERVOUS NOTES. By Our Shaky Contributor.- I am a nervous man, and consequently not partial to shocks. I inherit this disposition from my mother, who was also a nervous man — I mean woman — and couldn't bear shocks. It was a shock, in fact, that killed her, for having been knocked down and run over by a railway train, and deliberately cut in two by the merciless monster, the shock to her delicately organised system was so great that she never recovered it, but died, I have heard, on the spot. It is there fore an understood thing in the circle which I adorn, — I mean of course don't adorn, but in which I have the misfortune, that is happiness to move, — that I am not to be shocked. The consequences, it is generally felt, might be serious, and serious consequences in general, like shocks in particular, are things to be avoided. No one that I know of has ever thought of playing a practical joke upon me, or if anyone has, he has never played it. The reason is obvious. The joke would have been murder. I should never have survived even the sudden apparition of a ghost in a white sheet, which I am told is the popular method of frightening people out of their senses, and the ghost would have been hanged. A ghost is no joke, neither is hanging. My friends agree with me on the latter points at least, and thus I have been spared the one, and they the other. Serious consequences, I have said, are to be avoided, and I avoid them. My unfortunate mother furnished me with an early example of the truth of this proposition, and I have followed it. I never travel by rail way, and never get run over and cut in two. If I were to eat fish I might be choked by a bone — I never do eat fish. If I married I might be henpecked or have children — I am a bachelor, and intend to remain so. If I bathed I should probably be drowned or catch cold — I avoid both alternatives by confining myself to the basin and hot water. My philosophy then, is simple — so are my habits. I am not a gay man, and act, when I do act, upon principles. If I don't give dinner parties it is only that I may always be at liberty to accept the invitations of my friends. If I always wear the same coat, it is simply because I have no other. My existence is a placid one, as the existence of a nervous man should be. The storms that lash the ocean into fury, that swell the rushing river, and turn even the gentle rivulet into the raging torrent, pass harmlessly over the roadside puddle. I am a puddle. My weakness is my strength, my imbecility — I am not clever, and never, that I am aware of, made a shilling in my life — my highest wisdom. Naturally nervous, I am artificially strong ; physically and mentally considerably below par, I raise myself above it by the simple process of standing upon bigger men's shoulders. It is no doubt the instinct of self- preservation that induces me, a weak creature, liable at any moment to be shocked to death, to throw myself on the mercies of my kind, to appeal to their sympathies, occasionally to their larders, frequently to their pockets. Imagine me, a nervous man, exposed to the shock of having no dinner ! The consequences here would be serious, inconvenient certainly, possibly painful. I avoid these consequences by borrowing a half-crown from Jones, who fortunately for me has — what I haven't — plenty of half-crowns, and the nerves of a navvy. Living, then, the placid life of an invalid, in the world but not of it, viewing the great game from the elevated stand point of the calm disinterested outsider, it has struck me that I ought to have some thing to say. Endowed, as I have said, with the most exquisite sensibility, of simple habits, and unexceptionable principles, I may 'become, it seems to me, the moral feeler of the community, a sort of social antennae to the many- headed monster whom we all fear and hate and yet love. My nervous system is peculiarly susceptible to shocks, especially to the shocks of such moral torpedoes as coarse ness, vulgarity, and vice. Is there not something here of that kind that might shock even the strongest ? There is : and, in the first place, there's Jones. I don't object to Jones per se, nor do I object to him because on various occasions he has been good enough to save my nervous system from severe shocks by the timely presentation — loan is the technical term, but it amounts to the same thing — of sundry half-crowns. Not at all. Heaven forbid that I should seek to check the noblest impulses of human nature, or repay with base ingratitude the generosity of a friend. Jones has a perfect right to get rid of as many half-crowns as he thinks proper. My objection to Jones rests upon far different grounds, and it is this — lie asks for them back again. Now this I maintain is or should be shocking to the strongest nerves — what then must it not be to mine 1 It is a shock of the deadliest description. The railway train was nothing to it. That but severed the body of an ancient female — this attacks the purse-strings of a friend. The torpedo stings but the body, this the soul. It is the springing of a moral powder- mine, the> shattering at one fell blow of the fair temple of friendship, the wanton viola tion of the finest feelings of the heart. It is coarse, for none but the coarse are cruel. It is vulgar, for only the vulgar are mean. It is vicious, for it betrays the love of money, and ' ' the love of money is the root of sin. " Imagine, I say, the feelings of a nervous nature subjected to such a shock as this, and then picture, if you can, the ruffian capable of an atrocity so vile. Will Jones ask for " the last half-crown " after this ? It is to be hoped not. A 