CORRECTIVES OF COMPARATIVE MAJORITIES. In returning to the principle of compara ave majorities we hasten in the first place » assure our Conservative readers that we lave nothing to Bay acainst it on the score of venerability. We admit that it is among the most venerable of legislative principles. But, as usual, we do injustice to our worthy ancestors in assuming that its defects have been left for the present generation of poli ticians to discover. The second important community which adopted it was obliged to place it under corrective restraint. The pugnacious burghers of Rome started on the comparative-majority principle, and made a more thorough-going application of it than any succeeding set of legislators until we come to the Pilgrim Fathers of New Eng land. The first Roman Parliament, known as the Comitia Curiata, consisted of all the citizens — 'of good standing,' as the Fenians say— divided into thirty classes or curia. When a question was being put to the vote each tribe was first Dolled separately by its own ofheers, and the voice of the majority was taken for the voice of the whole curia. The balance was not struck between the ctiii't- as in modern elections, but they were called on in a prescribed order, and as soou as sixteen of them proved unanimous their verdict was again taken for that of the whole. In practice the elections were generally decided by the first sixteen curia (that is, a majority of one out of thirty). The condition of precedence would of course be respectability, and the consequence a virtual disfranchisement of all aon-respectables. But there was a stronger sense of justice and logic in those Koman Democrats than the moderns appear to have. Before the seven-hilled city was out of its infancy a new Assembly was constituted, which, while securing to the respectable their precedence, made them pay for it, much to the pecuniary benefit of the unprivileged. The Comitia Centuriata was baaed on the principle that taxation and representation should be proportioned to each other. It was the representative of property, in short — but of it3 duties, as well as of its rights. At the origin of the Centuriata the citizens were divided into six classes, and the classes were subdivided into centuries. The latter term was not applied in its strict sense, for some centuries contained a great many more members than others, and the number was always varying in the case of one and the same century. The first and main discre pancy arose from the division being made according to property without regard to mere population. The first class included all citizens rated in the census as worth 100,000 pounds of brass, which quantum of metallic currency is supposed to have equalled in English currency £322 odd. In the secoud class were owners of from 75,000 to 100,000 pounds of brass ; in the third from 50,000 to 75,000; in the fourth from 25,000 to 50,000 ; in the fifth from 12,500 to 25,000 ; and in the sixth all who had not brass enough to reach the minimum of 12,500 pounds. It was in the subdivision of the classes into centuries that the influence of bras3 had its effect. There were in all about 190 centuries, of which the first class counted ninety-eight, or a full half of the electoral power, though forming a fraction only of the population. The second, third, and fourth classes had twenty centuries each, the fifth thirty, and the sixth one. The proletarians were saved from absolute nonentity by being recognised as a lismal unit in the State. The first class, *-hen all its centuries voted together, as they would lie sure to do wherever a class interest was involved, could shut the mouth of all the lower classes. It would rarely be necessary to p below the second, and the third would be a linal court of appeal in the moat extreme lasea. The Comitia Centuriata must have re sulted from a coup iFe'tat of the patricians ; it made them to all intents and purposes the people, and carried out to its logical issue the newly-drawn inference that comparative majorities are a sham. The patricians saw that the principle of comparative majorities would, nine times out of ten, prove unfair; they persuaded and forced the plebeians to submit to the unfairness as a rule, and take compensation for it. This compensation consisted in the patricians subjecting them selves to military service and taxation in pro portion to their votes. If the first class enjoyed a full half of the administrative power, it also bore a full half of the public burdens. Such was the first corrective applied to the venerable mistake of comparative ma jorities. The example has been very slightly imitated by modern democracy, because, first, the scope of the suffrage has been radically changed — it is no longer taken en imw*!, but indirectly through delegates ; and ecoud, no modern nation has ventured so completely aa the Romans did to gauge ?itizenship by property rather than by wrsons. In its origin the English Con titution was deeply tainted with this indent peculiarity ; it was a territorial :onstitution, which paid very little regard :o jwrsonal citizenship. But the territorial ipirit for two centuries has been dying out -f it, and a democratic spirit has succeeded. Dhe territorial framework still remains, lowever, with one trifling change— that of I S32. The England of the nineteenth century us nothing in common with the England of she fifteenth but an antiquated electoral lystem. The English Parliament of to-day legislates for a totally -different population from that of four centuries back, yet the mode of returning it is substantially the jaine. Borough towns have decayed, but their ghosts retain the privilege of returning & member of Parliament ; cities have grown up containing each as large a population as that of all the old boroughs put together, but at an election they are treated as dangerous intruders who ought to be satisfied with the crumbs from under the table. The yeoman has disappeared before the tenant-farmer, but, though dead, he still speaks through his knight of the county, while the farmer looks in vain for any true spokesman of his inte rests and opiniona. The county squire has become an insignificant being compared with the merchant prince, but the Parliamentary influence of his class is almost as strong aa ever. These historic absurdities derive their vitality from the perpetuation of the old electoral system. It is a territorial system, and fit only to operate under a territorial Government See the geographical divisions of the electorate, how inconsistent they aro with the personal rights of the electors; the poor, thinly-populated agricultural dis tricts having far more electoral power than the crowded and wealthy seats of manu facture and commerce. But whatever excuse for themselves geographical constituencies may find in history, they are essentially in consistent with fair representation. They do not simply endanger it ; they render it in dine cases out of ten an impossibility. The English, while in the turmoil of aa flection, do not speak aa a people, or a . lation, bat as an aggregation of boroughs ' ind counties. It is conceivable that they night be equally divided in opinion, and yet . ihrough a suitable arrangement of the i ilectoral districts one side carry all but two ! -r three of the elections. The English ? doctoral system of the present day has : ill the injustice of the Comitia Centuriata at more than twenty centuries ago, but without the compensating principle of the latter. As we showed before, about 7 per cent, of the adult male population is really represented in Parliament. This 7 per cent of effective voters do not, how ever, have their taxation proportioned to their representation. The taxes fall on the community at large — on the just and on the unjust, on the privileged and on the non privileged. Taxes are the only genuine ap plication of universal suffrage that has yet been achieved. If we take a general view of the dilemma in which English statesmen are at present placed, we shall be better able to understand their perplexity regarding the desired Reform BUI. To do something is impera tive; but how is that to be done without running the risk of serious consequences? Universal suffrage, or even household suffrage, combined with geographical con. stituencies and comparative majorities, would be positive anarchy, and it might lead to violent chaos. There are only two ways of escape— to make the suffrage of the lower classes merely nominal, as the Romans did in their Comitia Centuriata; or to abolish the geographical constituencies, and abandon the delusive principle of comparative majorities. The Roman remedy is not likely to find advocates in England, for the generality of those who desire the franchise there would scorn to accept in stead the pecuniary bribe of the Roman plebeians, and it is questionable if English patricians would pay even so small a price as exclusive liability to taxation for a privilege which they feel to be unjust. Property is becoming every day less likely to be made the sole standard of citizenship. Modern democracy admits that citizenship should be personal, though it hesitates to make it so in fact. It has revolutionized the spirit and the objects of civil govern ment, but it is loth to alter a single screw in t.h« ancipTit. maehinnrv The English Mail.— By the new Time-table i he English mail will be due at King George's ' lound on Saturday, March 9. The branch steamer nay therefore be expected here on Wednesday, larch 13. The Alleged Gold Discovery.— We undcr tanil that on the reports of gold discovery at he Barrier Ranges reaching Adelaide, Commiss ioner Hamilton communicated with the poliee roopers at Winninie, instructing them to repair to he locality, and after carefully investigating the natter to report to him. This report may shortly « expected. We learn, also, that Mr. Meigs, of he firm of Cobb & Co., left Kapunda in the early mt of last week for the Barrier Ranges, to collect information, with a view to a passenger conveyance King placed upon the road in event of the diggings jresenting sufficient promise to justify such a step reing taken. It is probable that Mr. Meiga will return about Saturday next. Public Meetinq regarding the Barrier Rasges Gold Discovert.— a public meeting will be held at the Prince of Wales Hotel this evening to discuss the subject of the supposed gold discovery. Accidental death.— A telegram was received in town on Monday, March 4, announcing the death of Mr. Thomas Bakewell, brother-in-law of Mr. John Whyte, and overseer of the Thurk Sta tion, near Overland Corner, River Murray, belong ing to the latter gentleman. It appears that while engaged in drafting young horses in a yard on Thursday, February 28, he was kicked by one of them in the temple. The injury inflicted was so serious that after lingering until Saturday he died. A doctor was sent for to Kapunda, but after he had gone as far as Blanchetown he declined to go further. Mr. Bakewell, before coming to the colony, resided at Uttoxeter, Staffordshire. Accidknts. — Between 12 and 1 o'clock on Monday afternoon, March 4, as the van containing the brass band which traversed the streets of the city on that day in celebration of Mr. K Anderson's pedestrian feat was passing along the west end. of Currie-street, a little boy, about five years of a?e, named Peter Lang, who was in the crowd following the procession, was knocked down by a jaunting-car. He was conveyed in an insen sible state to his parents' house, near the Ship Inn, and the services of Dr. Vecables were obtained. A huge lump rose on his forehead, but beyond this no further injury was sustained.— On Monday morning an accident occurred to the wife of Mr. Thomas Nelson, baker, of Hindley-street. She was in the kitchen, and through some mishap fell backward, when, to break her fall, she put her hand behind her. The force with which she fell fractured her wrist. Dr. Gosse was sent for and set the bone. Tue West-Terbace Cemetery.— A discussion took place in the City Council on Monday after noon respecting a letter received from the Chief Secretary in reference to the Cemetery at West terrace, and a motion was unanimously carried affirming the necessity of a new site being chosen as speedily as possible. The letter stated that a well-drained portion of ground had been set apart for the use of the Roman Catholics instead of the piece of ground at present used by that body. 'Coming Wonderb.'— The Kev. Mr. Baxter is a most industrious wiiter on prophecy. Here is another half-a-crown volume of nearly 450 pages, which we should think no mortal man of 6ane mind would ever read through. It is on the old subject, the events which are to take place during the next seven years, including Louis Napoleon's assumption of universal empire, the downfall of Popery, and other exciting events of a similar kind. The 'wonders' which Mr. Baxter tells us are 'coming'' are 40 in all. We don't profess to have read them through, but on glancing into the book hete and there we see that it bears a striking likeness to the author's former works. The fact is that if our old world is to last only seven years longer time is too Bhort to be spent in reading inu puzzling our heads with tneEe 40 wonders. Another wonder, as great as any of those which Mr. Baxter describes, is the fact that works of this kind should be so extensively bought, and being bought should be read. We may state that 'Ceming Wonders' is profusely illustrated by some extraordinary woodcuts, the first of which is a picture of a remarkably truculent-looking gentle man, who, we are told, is the Emperor Napoleon, and the last a representation of an unmentionable personage, with whom the Emperor is said to be on dangerously intimate terms. The book h pub lished by Mr. Robertson, of Melbourne, and sold hereby Mr. Bigby. Court of Insolvency.— Ib the case of Malcolm Gillies, which came before the Court of Insolvency on .Monday., the. insolvent was awarded a first class certificate. In those 'of Thomas Lilly white, XT. C. M. Harvey, John Pasche, John Virgin, Thomas Neilson Mitchell, and Cornelius Reid nothing was done. No business of importance was transacted in those of Wilhelm Eichner and Jean Keid. That of John Rollbusch was further adjourned to March 11, at 12 o'clock, to procure the attendance of a witness. That of C. & E. Pitt was adjourned to Friday next, at 12 o'clock, with out anything being done. In that of G. M. Allen the petition for adjudication wa3 amended after some discussion. That of J. E. Coleman was further adjourned, after gome evidence had been Uk--n.to Monday. March 18, at 1,30. Municipal Council.— The usual fortnightly meeting of the City Council was held on Monday afternoon, when a large amount of business was disposed of. Some rather warm discussion took place in reference to the resorts furnished by Mr. Raphael of private meetings of the Council, from which the representatives of the Press are ex cluded: and at a later period of the afternoon a motion was moved by Mr. Wright and carried, to the effect that all meetings of the Council, whether of Committee or otherwise, should be open to the public. Intended Visit op the Mator to Melbourne. —We understand that the Mayer of Adelaide intends visiting Melbourne, with some part of his family, by the branch mail steamer on its return from King George's Sound. Police Court.— On Monday the cases were numerous, and some of the inflictions heavy. A defendant, who had offered violent resistance to a police-constable, was ordered to pay a fine of £5, with 10s. costs. A defendant, charged with as saulting and beating his wife, was committed for trial at the next Local Court. Another defendant, charged with assault and battery, had to pay £3 17s. fine and cost! Coal CoHPANT.-The half-yearly meeting of the South Australian Coal Company advertised for Monday, March 4, did not take place, owing to the absence of a quorum. j Old Music— Mr. Howell, of Rundle-street, has ! in his possession copie3 of several of the original editions of Handel's oratorios, &c;, including 'Esther,'' 'Saul,' 'Jephthah,' and the celebrated anthem. 'Zadok the Priest,' composed for the coronation of George IL, in 1727. They are in excellent preservation, and contain some quaint engravinga illustrative of the subjects to which tbey relate. » THE Pibe Brigade.— The Adelaide Fire Brigade turned out early on Monday morning for quarterly practice. It consists of two horse and two hand reels, one of the latter being stationed at North and the other in South Adelaide. As only the uorse-reels were called out the staff of the other reels assisted the horsemen. The Brigade arrived at the appointed spot on North-terrace, near Bundle-place, with praiseworthy promptitude at about 6 o'clock. Keels Nos. 1 (Barlow's) and 2 CCoulls's) were present, with five men, including those belonging to the hand-reels. On a signal from the Superintendent, Mr. A. J. Baker, both bodies of men began executing with the utmo&t; celerity the various motions connected with open ing the fire-plugs, screwing on the stand- pipes, affixing the hose, running off the coiled hose to the requisite length, and turning on the water. All of these operations were performed in about a minute and a half, as timed by Dr. Gosse. No. 1 Keel, through an expedient discovered by them in the course of practice, which was not contained in the printed regulations, contrived to beat the others, and had a full stream of water in play some little time before them. By-and-by the order was re ceived to reel up, which was done with the same dispatch as the previous manoeuvre. On the reels undergoing an official examination, they were found to be in excellent condition and working order. The efficiency of the Brigade has been frequently the subject of remark, and it promises well to continue. P£DE8TRIAN13M.-On Monday, March 4, Ander son completed his task of walking 1,000 ba 1.000 hours. In fact he more than accomplished what he had undertaken to do, as he supplemented the 1,000 miles by six more, partly to bring the time up to 10 o'clock-a more convenient period furpertons to attend to witness his final mile, and partly to improve upon the recorded exploit of Captain Barclay. As might be expected, the pedestrian exhibited signs of great exhaustion, but after a short time allowed to recruit, he was paraded through the street in ' walking costume*' in a carriage and four, with band playing, and people collecting on all sides to see the 'con- quering hero.' A correspondent, who furnishes us with his name, states with regard to the feat performed by Anderson:— *' I have watched him carefully, and at all hours,' and am satisfied that every inch of his walking is fair. I beg to say he does not know me personally.' The Barrier Ranges.— Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., has teminded us that some IS months ago a person called at his office, and, showing him several specimens of gold, stated that he had obtained them at the Barrier Banges. Mr. Townsend at once introduced him to the Surveyor General, who, on having the site of the discovery pointed out to him, decided that it was in New ciouth Wales. The man declared that he had been already infoimed by the authorities in Sydney that the find was in South Australia, and that, acting on this representation, he had come to claim the reward ottered at that time by the Government. The poor fellow was thus completely nonplussed, not Knowing what course to take; but Mr. Townsend believes he left the specimens trith Mr. O'Halioran. This incident is not without interest in judging of the probabilities of the recent dit coverv Droving valuable. Yakkalilla Friendly societies.— The Com nittee 'appointed to select a Burgeon for the lifl'erent Benefit Societies in Yank.ililla have ixed on Dr. Millner as the rentlemah most likely o give satisfaction. There were seven applicant?, nany of them of well-known professional ability. Talisker Jlisixa Company.— A special gene al neeling of the Talinker Mining Company was held it their offices. No. 9, Hindley-street, on Monday ifternoon. March 4. for the purpose of altering the leeds of settlement so as to enable the Directors o borrow an increased sum of money. Twelve ihareholders and Mr. Bruce, solicitor to the Coin inny, were present. Mr. W. Everard, M. I*., having jcen voted to the chair, a detailed report from Captain W. H. i'rice of the operations of the mine ,ras read. It stated with regard to the engine shaft that, judging from thfr appcaiutice of the strata, there was reason tojbelieve that certain country lia'l been reached, ami that la.j-e ileim its of ore would le met with both north and south ( the shaft. In the t'i fathom level several lodes wore showing strong and we 1-deiitied suifacc— one especially, carrying some fine stones of silver-lead, was looking vety promising. In Collins's stnpe all the ore that would p*y with the present machinery had been stoped; but with stamps and labour a little cheaper, another 150 tons of oie of about 'X] dit cent, might be got in this part of the mine yet. The lode in liverard's winze was Junking well m the bottom, yielding ore of first cl.tss uuulity, with very little mundic. From Sinclair's level 4ti per cent, oie was being raised by tvotributtr*; nbout seven tons it was expected would be ob tained during the month. The surface works were reported to be in a very satisfactory state, and the captain recommended, if there was any trouble in procuring old iron for flux, that iron ore in a blast furnace on a new prin ciple should be used for reducing the ores. Mr. L. Glyde, BLR. moved— 'That the deed of settlement and supplemental deeds of settlement of the Talisker Mining Company, Limited, be altered so as to increase the lwrrowing powers of the Company to the sum of £15,000, including all sums already borrowed, and that a supplemental deed be prepared for the purpose of carrying out the object aforesaid, and executed by the Chair man.' The Directors had thought it advisable tu instruct Captain Price to send up a special report on the mine, aud he believed the meeting would apree with him that with bucIi prospects as were held out by the present position of the mine it would be exceedingly unwise to give it up without a little more strupglin,.'. He had not been con nected with the Company since its formation, but he thought that it had been established on too small a scale, and that it would be desirable to extend its powers so as to enable a larger sum of money to be borrowed. Many believed that after all the mine would prove successful. If they could not carry it on a little longer their position would be exceedingly unfortunate, nnd could not be made more so than if they had to give the mine up at the present time. They were very much in debt, and it would take all the unpaid calls to release them from their liabilities, but he thought tliev were on the turning point ot their trouble. The deed of settlement only allowed them to borrow £10,000, and they at present owed the Bank £4.800; debenture-holders, £3,200; and for various other matters over £2,000. which exceeded that amount The Directors had therefore called a meeting of the shareholders to ask them if it would not be advisable to increase their borrowing powers to £1^000. The Directors had had great trouble and difficulty in carrying the mine -on, and they hoped to do so for some time longer. They believed, if their power of borrowing was increased to £15,000, there was every pro bability of the mine turning out successfully. (Hear, hear.) Captain Tapley asked Mr. Glyde if a heavier liability .would fall on the share holders by that being done; and, on receiving an answer in the negative, seconded the motion. The Chairman said by the construction of the Company the liabi:ity of the shareholders was limited by the amount of their shares. In answer to a question, he replied that the Company were already in debt in excess of the £10,000 allowed for in the deed of settlement, and for that excesu, which was £74, the Directors were personally responsible. They should not be p'accd in that position, and he did not know how soon they might be called upon to increase their debt. They had, however, no intention of borrowing the £5,000 immediately. The resolution was then carried unanimously. Mr. W. H. Charnock moved— ' That the Directors of the Talisker Mining Com pany, Limited, be, and they are hereby authorized to borrow at their discretion, on behalf of the said Company, in such, sums as to them may seem most aavisaoie, me sum or Jtl5.uw, inclusive of ill sums already borrowed.' He thought by a little perseverance they might make the mine a paying one. The Directors deserved ereat credit tor the way in which they had acted during their term of office, and he believed it was owing to them that the mine had been worked so long as it had. Mr. Breakeii s conned, and the motion was carried without a dissentient. Mr. J. M. Tapley moved- 'That for the purpose of carrying nut the last resolution the Directors are hereby authorized to borrow on behalf of the said Company such sum as aforesaid, in one or more sum or sums, from time to time and at any time, nn mortgage or charge of the property of the Company, or on the bonds, delientures, loan-notes, or promissory-notes of the Company, or partly in any other security- which may be available.' Mr. L. Glyde seconded. He said the reason the resolution bad been proposec wa3 that in August next some debentures would fall due, and their solicitor had advised them that by passing it they would be enabled to issue new debenture8~or renew the old ones.*- The motion was then carried unanimously, and after passing a confirmatory resolution and a vote of thanks to the Chairman the meeting terminated. Kechabite Festival.— A festival in connection with the Southern Star Tent, Independent Order of Eechabites, was held on Mouday, March L At 6 o'clock a number of persons sat down to tea in Mr. Hosking's schoolroom, Gouger-stieet, and after wards a public temperance meeting took place, which was largely attended. The proceedings commenced with the singing of a temperance hymn. Mr. J. Hosking was voted to the chair, and addressed the meeting hi reference to colonial winemaking and the culture of the vine. The Secretary (Mr. Alcock) read the report, which stated that the progress made during the year ending February 27, 1867\. was as follows :— Total number proposed, 29; initiated, 23: admitted by clearance, 2: drawn clearances, 5; run out, 5; died, 1; broken the pledge, 1; increase, 13; total number of members, 98; total receipts during the year, £241 7b. Id.; amount of interest received, £32 19s. 8d.; number of sick relieved, 23; amount of sick pay. £149 lOs.; amount paid surgeon, £64 11s. 6d. ; total amount o Tent funds, £447 9a. 6}d. ; amount on loan, £356; amount in Bank,- £78 14s. P.C.R. Langsfon then recited in an expressive manner a perora tion to a speech on pure water by Mr. Gouoh. the great teetotal advocate, and was much ap plauded; after which P.D.O.K. Broad Bpoke at some length in favour of the temperance cause. Mr. Pickering followed with a humorous recita tion. A melody was sung, and P.D.C.K. Holland* addressed the meeting. Mr. Newman proposec 'Success to the Southern Star Tent' in a speec pointing out the advantaged of Kechabitism/and urging upon those present who were not the desirability of belonging to the Order. The re solution was carried V-y acclamation, and Mr. Alcock responded. Mr. Lancsford, after again reciting;, proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies for their kindness in presiding over the tea-tables, which was carried by acclamation, similar com pliments were also accorded to the Chairman and the caterer. A recitation was given, and the meeting concluded by the singing of the doiology. Ro\lvn Catholic Church at Post Adelaide. -The Kev. Mr. Hjland, who has officiated at the Port Catholic Church lately, informed the Catholics of the Port on Sunday that he was to be appointed resident priest at Virginia, and that the Kev. Mr. Woods would very likely officiate at the Port till the arrival of a Kev. Mr. Murphy, who is expedei in the courso of a few months from Europe, ant who probably will be appointed resident pnest at Port Adelaide. The Catholics of the Port will be very glad to have a resident pnest, as some dis satisfaction prevails at present, particularly as regaiUa the Bclwols.-Cfrrwwflcnf. 