THE RACE FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP. TO THE EDITOR. The challengers, Messrs. Shaw, Hopkins, Smith, and Playfair,_ got into Mr. Michel more's outrigger "Prince Alfred," on Friday evening last, and did a preliminary row to Snowdon's Beach and hack. Contrary to a notion which some clever people—gentlemen from London probably, for the Cockney's send us some notoriously clever fellows every now and then—have conjured into their own heads as well as into those of a few consummately stupid folks, no unshipping of the crew took place; but it was found, unfortunately, that owing to the Oregon planking increasing the weight of the boat beyond anticipation, it would be well for Mr. Michelmore to relinquish the yoke lines in favor of a lighter coxswain. Accordingly, a yougs ter — one Miller —; was chosen from among a host of aspiring:urchins to do duty on the coxswain's thwart in Mr. Michelmore's stead, and the young scamp signalled his debut by running his craft into one of the mooring buoys abreast the Go vernment steps, thereby carrying away as clean as a-whistle the starboard midship outrigger, without injury,, however, happily to the boat herself. The lecturing the boy got, together with the prospect of a keel hauling for the next offence may, it is trusted, inculcate into his precocious mind the necessity of giving mooring buoys, as well as all other boys that are capable of doing injury, a " wide berth," and also of keeping a better " look out." The weather eye, coxswain, should always be open, mind that. On Saturday night the boat remained in the slings, the tempestuous state of the weather preventing a cruise. Since Monday, however, she has had her crew in her every night, who have logged their seven miles at a stretch before landing. I fear to speoulate too confidently on the boat that will probably win on the 26th instant, because the unsettled state of weather, not. only surrounds all conjecture with uncertainty, but it may also materially effect the ultimate issue of the race. If the day proves fine the outrigger ought to win; her crew are delighted with her, and are unanimous' that if she does not win it will be their fault and not the boat's. But if the weather is dirty the Falcon by reason of her greater height is not apt to ship so much of the "briny" as her opponent, and therefore stands the better chance. " But you never can tell." I am not much of a judge of boats, still I pretend to be qualified to distin guish a boat from a washing-tub, and to know that a good boat is better than a bad one. Clever men—very clever men, species of the foreign importation beforementioned, doubt'- ' less—affirm that the new boat stands- not the ghost of a chance. But we shall see what we shall see. Avast ! ye knowing ones; await the 26th. I am, Sir, &o.;, SCULL. Port Adelaide, October 12. 