THE THEATRE ROYAL. MRS. VINCENT AS " HAMLET." The appearance of Mrs. Vincent in the part of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, on Saturday night, prompts an inquiry as to the reasons which are supposed to justify or excuse such a departure from ordinary practice [and recognised rule. It may, we think, be laid down as a proposition which will not be disputed, that speaking generally, the exceptional class of impersonations to which your female Hamlet belongs never produced any intellectual result which could compensate for the loss of naturalness involved ยก and we may go further and say, that we doubt very much whether any artiste ever added one tittle by the experi- ment to her legitimate reputation. We have ourselves cited precedents which may, perhaps, partially justify Mrs. Vincent's venture. But a precedent may either be good or bad ; or there may be circumstances accompanying the thing quoted as a precedent which, to say the least, very considerably qualify the application. The case of Mrs. Siddons, for instance, has been referred to. Mrs. Siddons undoubtedly acted Hamlet ; but it does not follow that she was judicious in doing so, while it must not be forgotten that this distinguished actress was the queen of tragedy, and a member of a. family illustrious as interpreters of the classic drama; her brother, indeed, being the great Hamlet of his time. It may have been thought that a ray or two from the effulgent genius of Mrs. Siddons might have lighted up some phase hitherto obscure in Shakspere's erratic creation that the great tragic muse would have contributed something to elucidate a character which has always been more or less in the domain of philosophical controversy a character which is psychologically a puzzle, aggravated by philological and textual per- plexities. If Mrs. Charles Kean ever made the attempt (we are not aware that she did it must also be borne in mind that she is a woman of about the most perfect cultivation of intellect that ever trod the boards of a theatre and a scholarly interpretation would be expected. It will not, however, be pretended that it was in the sense we have indicated that Mrs. Vincent undertook the part of Hamlet. Who thought that Mrs. Vincent could in these latter days of the Shake perian drama, when Hamlet has exhausted the highest intelligence of every generation of actors and commentators, invest the character with a novel charm ? As for the other cases mentioned, most of them belong to a class of histrionic monstrosities, the list of which may be increased by the statement that about twenty-eight years ago Mrs. Selby played Vanderdecken, Richard III., and a number of other parts of about equal appropriateness to the mental qualities and personnel of a woman. Of course, in many of these cases the object was to create a new sensation, and to draw a large attendance and we apprehend that this, in the main, is the explanation of the production of Hamlet, as described on Saturday night. There does not appear to be a legitimate Hamlet in the colony and the conclusion has apparently been arrived at by the management of the Royal that other sources of amusement having proved unavailing, they are warranted in attempting to attract an audience by the presentation of an illegitimate Hamlet. We do not desire to write in any strain of unnecessary disparage- ment ; but we cannot refrain from expressing our regret, both on the score of art and of public taste, that to " such a complexion" theatricals in this city have come. It was with this view of the matter, that we visited the Theatre Royal, expecting of course to see a fair stage rendering of the character, but certainly not labouring under the delusion that in the histrionic phenomenon to be witnessed we should meet with any novel or original treatment of Shakspere's composite and complex personality, who preaches so unctuously, philosophises so profoundly, jests so lugubriously, indulges in invective so admirably, vapours and fumes so continuously, who tells his father's spirit that " with wings as swift as meditation, or the thoughts of love, he will sweep to his revenge," and yet muddles the time away like a sort of inspired madman, bringing to misery and destruction those who wished him well, and not until the very last hour of act" executes the promised vengeance, when the funeral pall drops upon a tragedy as mournful as can well be conceived. The performance attracted a strong gallery and pit, whence the applause was vigorous and thoroughly sustained. Mrs. Vincent had evidently made her part a subject of painstaking study. She had mastered the text very well, and reproduced it with general fidelity. There was occasionally an amount of calmness and repose in her acting which we did not anticipate from our knowledge of its general characteristics. Having regard to the very severe nature of the undertaking, it is right to say that Mrs. Vincent gave, upon the whole, a fair, stage, conventional rendering of the character, disfigured though it was, occasionally, in the declamatory passages by some highly injudicious rant. In conformity with the axiom we laid down at the beginning, we are of opinion that Mrs. Vincent will not strengthen her fame by her Hamlet. The general cast of the piece was very unsatisfactory. Perhaps, it was as good as the resources of the establishment will admit of ; but that is not an answer to the public requirement when, without provoca- tion, the production of a tragedy of the magnitude of Hamlet is adventured upon. Mr. C. nail was along way from being as effective in Laertes as we have seen him in many other characters. Ophelia, we suppose, oughttohavo come within the scope of Miss Quinn's line and capacity ; but it certainly did not. Mr. Bellair's Ghost was calculated to inspire one with regret that the Royal Dane had been permitted " to burst his movements," and there was some justification for the de- monstrative critic in the upper boxes, who, as his ghostly majesty glided away, saying, "A-jew (Adieu), A-jew, Agnew," lately called out to Hamlet, "Let him go and bury himself." Probably the best played part in the piece, considering its nature, was the Claudius of Mr." Vincent, who performed it like a good, sound, natural actor as he is. Of course, the Polo nius of Mr. Lambert was all that could be desired and Mrs. Stoneham, spite of personal disadvantages, pourtraying the Queen with considerable effect. The humour of Mr. Stewart, as the first gravedigger, was exactly in harmony with the grim and melancholy nature of the occasion and the Horatio of Mr. Gladstone was more after the fashion of an undertaker's assistant than of him who was more of " an antique Roman than a modern Dane." Mr. C. Ward's First Player, interpreted, meant,"I'llrantaswellas thou." Per Imps, as an illustration of the extraordinary case, it may be worth while to state that Mr. Harwood, the second old man of the company, played young Osric. There was generally a very careful adherence to the text and the scenic and other auxiliaries were excellent. It must also be recorded as a fact, that Mrs. Vincent was called before the curtain at the end of every act. 