The Novelist. CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE; OR, DID THEY HANG THE WRONG MAN? CHAPTER XXXVI. HE IS IN THE JUG AND OUT AGAIN. BY MISS RALEIGH. SOMEWHERE about the middle of February according to the Newgate records, Job Fox was seized with serious pulmonary symptoms. It was first noticed in this way: Job Fox had for some time worked rapidly and steadily; in fact, his conduct had been ex emplary in every respect; but that day he worked harder than ever, giving great blows with his hammer to the strips of iron he was fashioning into nails. Suddenly he dropped his hammer and pressed his hand on his chest. The officer on duty saw him open his month and spit out a quantity of clear blood. He picked np his hammer and without saying a word went to work again, but as soon at he raised his arm his month filled with blood, and it began to trickle down the corners and drop on his clothes. "What's the matter?" asked the officer. Job attempted to answer, but his voice choked; the blood was running in a stream from his month and he turned ghastly white. "Sit down," said the officer, motioning to Job's block, and then he went off after Doctor Jones. Doctor Jones came and examined him with a keen eye, for he was accustomed to all sorts of prisoners' tricks. But there was no deception •bout this. It was clear blood, a little frothy, like that which comes from the lungs. " Hemorrhage of the lungs; must be stopped," noticing how fast the blood flowed from his month. Job was ordered to the Jug, and pnt on a bed there; but the blood still continued to flow and he grew faint and weak, till at last he swooned. " Take off his irons—no danger of his getting Tery far at present," said the doctor, authori tatively. The attendants noticed, when the irons were removed, that his legs and wrists were swollen and discolored as if they had been bruised, but Bade no comments. " What ail» the fellow ?" asked one of the officers, as the doctor came out of the Jug. « Hemorrhage." "Stopped?" "Ho." « What brought it on ?" "Over-exertion—he's ruptured a blood vee»eL" M Keep him down some time?" " Yes. He's got blood enough, bat not to lose tint way." M See him again to-night?" " Yes, in an hour or so." The doctor went off, but presently returned and found Job lying quite white and still, but was bleeding somewhat yet He was carefully watched through the day. At night he was more comfortable, bnt seemed very weak and wanted more air. It ao happened that there was no one else sick in the Jug but a paralytic old man, who was unable to move, so the doctor ordered that the door should be left open and a guard stationed outside. About midnight a slight noise was heard in the prison yard, which was eraminfld, bat no thing iran«n»l found, and all settled down to the old quiet again. But two hoars after, the guard stationed outside the Jog was not to be frand. He had Bben struck on the temple by a, smug-shot, and pnt in Job's bed. He could not have fallen, for the noise would hare aroused the watch in other parts of the building. He was nicely covered up, and was, for some time, supposed to be Job himself. They hunted for the missing guard, never dreaming that Job had left him in his place. Daylight revealed the state of the case, and also the fact that the prisoner St. Cyr was gone. A vigorous search proved that he escaped through the east shaft. A straw rope was found hanging there, and the piece of rock that had been drilled from the month of the shaft was found securely fastened to this rope. They had been afraid to let it drop on account of the noise. It was evident that these two criminals had not escaped with out help from outside; but no trace of the criminals or their aiders or abettors could be found about the premises. Towards morning, a watcher at the north end of Commerce-street, Hartford, saw a covered sleigh drive on to the ice over the river down to the travel bridge. Three men got out. One of these men was St. Cyr, the other two were strangers to him. One of them, a short, thiok fellow, whom Dency would have recognised as her visitor, carried in his arms a forth person, completely enveloped in a cloak and buffalo robe. He seemed to be dead or wounded. St. Cyr thought, that he belonged to the company that had assisted his escape, but could not tell, as strict silence had been enjoined on him from the first, and he dared not ask a question. The ride from New gate had been a swift but totally silent one. The ice under the bridge was broken and un safe, as it proved upon examination. One of the men had gone off with the horses and sleigh, and as they were afraid to land, lest they should be observed from the toll house, the short man took the body up again and led the way to the opposite side of the river. St. Cyr marvelled at the ease and swiftness with which this little dumpy carried the body, which was apparently twice as heavy as himself, as if it had been a kitten. They crossed the river, passed over the causeway, till they were some distance below the bridge, and then crossed the river again j went np Commerce-street to a house with a pair of back stairs; entered a room; passed through that; crawled over the flat roof of a house adjoining; entered a chamber window to a room warmed, but not lighted. Here they stopped to rest. St. Cyr dropped into a corner, too devoutly thankful to think of anything but his own •scape. The body in the cloak was laid on the bed, and another man, Tom Pardy, as he was called, bent over him. Tom uncovered the face. "For God's sale, give me a little wine," was whispered faintly from the bed. "Won't brandy be better?" " No—wine." " What the devil makes you bleed so ?" asked Tom, after he had given him the wine, noticing the blood on hid garments and about his neck. As soon as the other was a little revived by the wine, he answered : "I swallowed powdered brick, but rather overdid the matter. There's too much there— it's cutting the coate of my stomach all up; I' must ged rid of it somehow." j " Then it don't come from your lungs ?" j " Lord, no; but I've lost so much that I'm j weak as a cat. It seems as if I'd bled'a gallon tonight." " Not so bad as thai, I guess; but you must be taken care of." " Yes—aa soon as I am rested Lynch must put me into The Basket; I must lie there for the present. They'll be after us^sharp by day light." "What's to be done with the other fellow ?" Job Fox looked up now. "Where is he?" "Crouched in the corner, asleep." Job grasped Tom's arm with a strange energy for one so weak, saying: " Look here, Tom. You and Lynch (Lynch was the short, stout man) must see that fellow down to Lyme Ferry to-morrow night, between twelve and one o'clock. If you don't I'll in form on both of you, if it costs me my life. Ton understand—you know what I mean." " Yes, yes," jerked out Tom, looking very un comfortable ; " and I promise you the fellow sh H be there in time." Chaptbb XXXVII. AHBEB WAICHSB TEE LAST LAMP OUT. Nbitheb v Mother Land nor Amber thought of going to bed on the night of February eighteenth. They had watched all the night before and all that day for the return of Asa, bat in rain. A fierce storm had raged for over twenty hours, and perhaps the " Lucky " (Asa's boat) had gone down. And there they sat be fore the fire. They would not tell what they were waiting for—but for something, evidently. Mother Land piled wood on the fire, saying over and over to herself: " He'll be wet—he'll be cold." That was all she did through the night. Notwithstanding the roaring fire constantly kept up, the frost on the windows grew thicker and thicker, proving that the air grew colder and colder as the night went on. In fact, it was afterward* said to be the coldest night ever known on the sound. When Amber went up to look at tbe lamps at nine o'clock, the sharp air almost took away her breath. She found the windows covered with frost, but the lamps were burning away bravely, though she thought the oil looked a lighter color than when the lamps were first lighted. It was something to know that, what* ever else failed, the lamps held out. Between twelve and one Amber scraped the frost, now nearly half-an-inch thick, from a small place on a pane of glass and looked out. What was the matter with the lamps up in the tower ? Was the frost gathering so thickly there as to hide the light ? The head of the tower seemed to be enveloped in a misty cloud, and only a faint, hazy light, growing dimmer and dimmer every moment, could be seen. Amber hastily wrapped herself up, and taking the lantern in her hand, started for the tower. Every breath, of air outside of the kitchen sent a sharp, stinging sensation through her throat and lungs, as if it was filled with millions of needle-points. She had no thought for this, but hurried up the steep stairs out of sight. It did not seem as if she had had time to reach the top of the tower before she was back again. "Why, what is the matter?" exclaimed Mother Land, appalled at the girl's face. Amber tried to answer, but her lips refused to move. Was she stiff—frozen with cold ? or had she met some strange thing on the stairs ? Mother Land was a little superstitious—she thought the girl had seen the ghost of the major or Asa up in the old light-house, to warn them of Asa's death. She could not ask another question. There stood Amber white and breathless. Presently Mother Land saw her lips move, and heard a hoarse voice strangely unlike Ambers own, saying: " The Ught it going out ?' She had not seen a ghost, then ? No, but this was as bad; this was a warning, too. If Asa had been alive the light would never have gone out. But what was the matter ? The lamps had been properly trimmed, filled and lighted ? The trouble was this :—There had been a less quantity of winter strained oil sent to Faulk land Island light than usual the previous autumn. Now winter-strained oil is provided, because it will not chill in these New England latitudes. The oil which Asa had been using in the lamps the last two weeks would not bear the cold as well as that he had used earlier in winter, and this terribly cold night was telling on it fast. Amber had noticed at nine o'clock that the oQ looked a lighter color, but did not suspect the cause. When she went up after twelve o'clock, she found that the oil was rapidly chilling, and of course could not be drawn up through the wicks to burn. The two lamps on the north side had ceased to burn, the oil was quite White and hard; the other four burned dimly, and were evidently going out. What could be done? The worst part of the night, so far as the cold and darkness were concerned, was yet to come. The light must not go out utterly, yet how could it be pre vented? To take the lamps out of their places and bring them down to warm was impossible —they were too heavy, even, for her to lift. She caught sight of the water boiling in the tea-kettle. In a moment it was in a pail, and the kettle filled and hung on again, and seizing the towels hanging by the door, Amber took the pail and hurried up the stairs. The light was gone from one more lamp. Only three remained. She rung the towels out of the hot water, and wrapped them around the three lamps, dipping the towels in the water again as fast as they cooled. For a few mo ments the light brightened somewhat, and Amber thought she would be successful in keep ing the light alive. But presently it grew dimmer, and when she returned with more warm water from the kitchen, that which she carried up first having already grown cold, Bhe \ found that the steam from the water Lad thickened the frost on the windows, till what little light there was could scarcely struggle through at all. She worked on bravely for an hour, only to find that she was doing no good. At the end of this time only two lamps remained burning, one of them would expire in a few moments, and in an hour more the light on Faulkland Island would be'utterly out. Amber had nothing more to do. Benumbed with pain and chilled with cold, she wrapped her cloak about her and sat down on the icy floor. She was not going down again. She would watch the Ught out, and then she would die herself up there in the dark alone. The thoaght was pleasant rather than otherwise. Her father and Asa and Dency were gone there was nothing left for her to live for. God was going to be good at last, it seemed, and let her die, too. She leaned her head against, the wall and fixed her eyes on the second lamp. The flame grew fainter and fainter, like a dying life; the I burr on the wick thickened. Now there was only a thin, smoky tongue of flame to be seen, that began to waver and flicker, almost expire, and then Etruggle on a few seconds more only to falter again, and with a last sigh go oat utterly. There was left a red burr, like a charred coal, and a blue smoke curling up over the wick; but the burr grew black, the smoke vanished, and the lamp was quite dead. She turned her eyes to the last lamp, bat she could not tell certainly whether she saw it or | not. Strange circles of light floated between | her eyes and the lamp ; she saw round rings of blue, changing to red and then to white and purple, and then all the colors mixed, and went whirling round and round in a mazy dance. Strange thoughts, too, began to revolve in her brain. It seemed as if she was a little girl again, and her mother was teaching her to sew; then she was clinging to her father's hand, hardly able to clasp her small fingers round his thumb. Then she was with some one else. Yes, it was Asa, and they were chasing each other up and down the Light-house stairs and the old major stood looking on laughing, as they scampered about. How kind Asa had always been to her, how careful and tender, al ways preferring her happiness to his own. She was sorry that she had not been more kind to him; for indeed, indeed she did like him better than any one else in the world, excepting her father. Perhaps even in this last hoar there came a new revelation to her concerning Asa's words and looks of late—perhaps her own heart told her a secret, for a sweet, tender light dawned in the pale face, never seen there before. She was not cold—she was not suffering from anything now; no thoaght of the past few months came to trouble her. She could not tell whether the lamp was burning or not, bat she thoaght it was, for it did not seem dark to her then. A vague* pleasant dream possessed her; she heard the soft musical wash of summer waves on the shore, and they wen gently lolling her to sleep. Presently her head drooped a little one side; and she- was not even dreaming now. The last lamp of Faulkland Island light wag going out. \ chambb xxxvm. TBM X.UCKT OOtt SOWH. Mxakwhiu, Mother Land sat moaning orer the kitchen fire. "The major's dead, and Asa's bit, and now the light is going oat. This seemed to her the crowning woe. For orer fifty years—yean in Midyears oat night after night, from sunset to sunrise—the Faulkland Island light had burned up steady and true. Merer warering nor faint, it had stood up like a brare soldier through storm and tempest—summer's heat and winter's cold cheering with its friendly ray, the beatormed and benighted mariner on the Sound. If it had faltered at any time, the major would hare considered himself for erer disgraced. His ■ chief pride was to exhibit his light-house to the Gorernment Inspectors tidy and trim, and his lamps clean and bright as stars. Asa had been as scrupulous as his father. He would hare lost his life rather than hare his light go out; but both were gone, and now the light was going too. "Lord help me," moaned Mother Land; " ererybody's dead—ererybody's dead! " Bat no, not quite, it would seem from the great, crashing steps that came plunging up through the frozen crust of ice and snow to the rery bank driren up against Mother Land's door. A heary hand strikes the latch—the door is burst open, and a tall, strange-looking apparition strides iSto the room. It looks like a man with his frozen garments rattling at every step like a coat of mail. A part of his face is hidden by a large handkerchief tied down orer his cap, and frozen on. The portion of the face to be seen is purple and swollen, and not like any face that Mother Land erer saw before. There are icicles hanging from his cap and his hair, and Mother Land thinks it is die ghost of some drowned man walking into her room. At all erents, hetcts strangely enough for a ghost, or any other monstrous thing to be dreaded. He does not eren stop to close the door, but plunges forthwith into the pasßage- way, brings out a furnace, which he shorels full of red hot coals and brands from the fire-place. This he takes up in his arm, darts into the lower part of the light-house, stops there long enough to get an iron kettle that fits the furnaces, and a can of oil standing by itself, and with his arms full ranishea ap the stairway to the tower. The last lamp is burning a little yet. Ta set the furnace on the floor —to pnt the kettle on the top of that, to turn the oil from the ban into the kettle, whioh from its fluid state prores itself to be pure, winter-strained 00, is the work of a moment. Then off comes the top of one of the dead lamps, he thursts in his hand and snatches out great handsfull of oil as thick as lard, and flings it no matter where, for the last lamp is only flickering. The cold oil is all out, the wick and burner are dipped into the hot oil orer the furnace; then the kettle is lifted and the hot oil turned into the lamp, the top screw*} on, and held orer the dying lamp, quick enough to be lighted by its last flicker. It had strug gled brarely, and died giring life to its sue* cessor. The newly-filled lamp blazed up brightly; the Faulkland Island light had not been out utterly, for one single instant; though it might as well, for all practicable purposes, hare been out for the whole past hour. The man turned to treat another lamp in the same way, when he for the first time saw Amber leaning against the wall. He stopped, touched her cold face with his hand—he shook her, but she only fell hearily orer. " Good God!" he exclaimed, and snatching her up in his arms, darted down the stairs out through the passage to the kitchen, where Mother Land, not yet reeorered from the shook of his entrance, was sitting bewildered, with the outside door still open. He laid the girl down on the hearth before the fire, shut the door, and bending orer the girl, tore open her dress enough to assure him self that there was still a little warmth about her heart, turned abruptly to Mother T^d, saying, in a strange, thick roice: " Get off her clothes, wrap her in hot flannel, get some brandy down her throat, and be quiok, or she'll die. I'll come back directly." Mother Land understood. It was well for her, and Amber, too, that she was one of those persons who can command their faculties in an emergency. The man, too, had spokw, proving that he was not a ghost, Mother Land went to work. As for the man, he stopped to get an annfoll of fine kindlings, and then hurried up to the lamp again. The kindlings went into the fur nace, and the man went to work on the lamps. In lest than half an hour, every lamp was re filled and burning. The old Faulkland Island light was streaming oat sturdily over the Sound again, but many another light along the Atlantic coast went out that awful cold night, because the oil was chilled, and would not burn. Leaving a hot fire in the furnace to soften the air in the room, the man took up his can and dish of chilled oil and went down. Mother Land had done as he directed, and Amber lay swathed in hot flannels, on the floor. As the man opened the door she moaned. He went up to her. "Thank God!" he ejaculated, hearing her moan again. "She ought to be laid on my bed; its warm enough for her there, now," said Mother Land. The man turned, washed his hands and stripped off his coat, now dripping wet from the melted ice about him. Then he tenderly lifted Amber, and laid her on Mother Land's bed. " Hand me the brandy," he said. When the girl had swallowed a little, she opened her eyes. She stared at the strange face over her,. The eyes she recognised. " Asa!" she said. "Yea." "Where is fatherP" This strong man, who had borne himself so heroically the past terrible twenty- four hours, hid his faoe in the bed-clothes, and groaned out: "Oh, Amber! I had rather drowned myself than come back to you without him." That was all he said, and she asked no questions; none were needed. "I would like to be alone!" she said, at last. Asa lifted his head and looked at the poor, pale faoe pressed into the pillow, as if it would bide from sight Great tears, which all the danger of the distress of the past day and night oould not force from him, were running un checked down bis cheeks now. " Oh, Amber!" he whispered, « don't die; live for my sake, I beg of you." She only turned her face closer in the piUow, and moaned wearily. He was not afraid of her now. He stopped and pressed his swollen lips to the pale, up turned cheek once and again. "Is there anything I oan do for you?" he whisperad. There was a pitiful quiver in her voice as she answered: " Leave me a little while now, please." With tears still on hu faoe, Asa took np the candle. " Come, mother," he said. " Is it really you, Asa f " asked Mother Land, when they were in the kitchen, still in doubt, he looked so strangely. "Yes, mother; but last night this time, I never expected to be here again." Mother Land clasped her hands, and her lips moved noiselessly. Asa knew that she was thanking God for his escape. Presently she started up. "You must be half starved; HI get some thing to eat right off, and well have a.great hot fire in no time." " Not for me, mother; i'm in torment from the fire already." "What! are your feet frozen?" "Yes, and hands too." " Well, look here! if s lucky the snow drove up against the door. Ton get your boots off, and ill fill the big tub with snow, and we'll get your feet into it, and the frost will all be out by daylight" " I must look at my lamps, first," he said. The lamps were burning courageously, and the frost was beginning to melt on the windows inside, though it was colder out doors now than it had been at any time before. It was about 4 o'clock now. He made more fire in the furnace and came down, satisfied that the lamps would burn till daylight He found the tub of snow and ice waiting for him, and with bis mother's help, cut off bis boots and stockings—there was no getting them off any other way, his feet were so swollen— and put his feet into the frozen mass. His hands were eared for in the same way, and his ears and the side of his face which', when the cap and handkerchief were removed, proved to be frozen likewise. "What's become of DancyP " asked Mother Land, in a whisper, after Asa had drank off two cups of steaming hot coffee. "I don't know!" answered Asa, gloomily snaking his head. Before the sun rose that morning, Asa had told his story. It seemed that they had a rough passage round to the river, but reached Lyme Ferry about 10 o'clock the day they started. Here they ate their lunch, made an awning of the sail, and waited. About 1 o'clock that night three men came down to the boat One of them was St Cyr, completely enveloped in a thick woollen suit The other two put him aboard, gave him a bottle of brandy, and told them that they must put out for the island at once, for the officers were already on St Oyr's track. Ihey expected a rough time, but concluded to start. They got on better than they expected till they rounded Saybrook Point Here they found the wind blowing a gale, and the air filled with driving snow. It was pitchy dark, and after they got past Saybrook light, oould not tell where they were o* how to steer. But the Lucky went bravely on in the very teeth of the gale. Dency tended the sail, St. Cyr lay in the bottom of the boat, saving his strength for the worst, and Asa kept the helm. The wind was driving them straight on shore, but the Lucky kept steadily on, plunging herself half under water every moment. They must bear the sail to give them leeway, but the sturdy mast bent and quivered like a reed, and every timber in the Lucky labored and groaned as she staggered on. It was a terrible struggle. It was not in the power of wood or iron to stand such a strain long, and presently the brave most snap ped and went by the board. Then they drove straight towards the shore, but just before they reached it, a cross wave struck the Lucky, and she went down. Dency he did not see, but St. Cyr was near him when they went down. Asa struck out for the shore and reached it, which proved to be Saul's Point, stretching out from Clinton beach. Here he waited the rest of the night and the next day, hoping to see or hear something from Dency or St. Cyr, in vain. Just before night he took a rowboat and started for home. He had been all night ooming from Clinton to Faulkland Island, and had barely escaped perishing by the way. So it was ended, and Dency and St Cyr were Chapxib XXXIX. THEY US SXOKB. Oh the third day after the storm, Asa had so far recovered the use of his hands and feet that, by having them carefollj done np (wearing boots and mittens was ont of the question), he ventured to take Amber home. By virtue of one of those sadden changes for which a New England climate is disagreeably famous, the weather was now quite mild and pleasant. Asa rigged up a sail for his rowboat, for, of course, rowing was not to be thought of in his present condition, and about noon they started for Duck Island. Bat before they went, Amber, in answer to the many entreaties of both mother and son, at last promised that if neither her father nor Dancy were heard from, she would sometime, she could not tell when, come back to Faulkland Island again. They could not urge her more, and so they let her go. Very little talking was done on the way from Faulkland to Duck Island. They had been in plain sight of the little island for some time, and Amber's eyes had wandered over it from side to side, when sud denly she started, the pale face growing paler. " Asa, there's smoke coming out of the chimney." "Yes." Not another word was said on either side, and Asa, without waiting to go round to the wharf, hastily ran the boat in between two rocks on the south side, where he sometimes landed when he was in a hurry. To cross the island was the work of only a few moments, even with Asa's lame feet. They poshed open the door, and there on the floor, within reaching distance of the fire, lay a queer-looking object, so bundled up that they oould not tell whether it was human or not; but the jar of the closing door made it groan and Amber went quickly to what she supposed to be the head, and stooping down, exclaimed: " Why, Dency, is it yon ? " " Yet, child, and I'm glad enough to see you back again," answered a thick voice. " Are you sick P " asked Amber, tenderly. " No, but I'm all frozed up and can't stir hand nor foot, and I hain't had a mouthful to eat for three days. It was all I could do to lay here and poke a stick of wood on the fire now and then. "FUget you some dinner, and we'll make yon more comfortable right off," answered Amber, hurriedly. But she did not move from her stooping posture, and there was a question in her eyes that her tongue oould not ask. . ° I know what you want, but I can't tell you nothing about him," said Dency, at last, presently adding, " who brought you over P " "Asa." "Yes," said Asa, coming around where she could see him. " Well! I never expected to see you again." " Nor I you," answered Asa." "That was the awfulest night I ever knew." Amber went out of the room, and Dency whispered to Asa: " You don't know anything about him tben ? " "No." A painful silence succeeded. How Dency ever got to Duck Island no one knew. She never told, and when she was questioned answered—" No matter how I got here, so long as I'm here now; I don't re member much about it, anyway." That was alj she ever said; they saw that it troubled her, and forbore to question her after that. ITO BE COKTIKOXD.] 