A STRUGGLE FOR LIFE. [FROM THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY.] One morning last April, as I was passing through Boston Common, which lies plea santly betwoen my residence and my office, I met a gentleman lounging along The Mall. I am generally preoccupied when walking, and often thrid my way throught crowded streets without distinctly observing a singlo soul. But this man's face forced itself upon me. and a very singular face it was. His oyes were faded, and his hair, which ho woro long, was flecked with grey. His hair and eye3, if I may say so, were seventy years old, the rest of him not thirty. The youthfulness of his figure, the elasticity of his gait, and tho venerable ap pearance of his head, were incongruities that drew more than one pair, of curious eyes to wards him. Ho was evidently an American ? the Now England cut of countenance is un mistakeable — evidently a man who had seen something of tho world ; but strangely old and young. Before reaching tho Park-street Gate, I had taken up tho throad of thought which ho had unconsciously broken ; yot throughout tho day this old young man, with his unwrinkled brow and silverod looks, glided in like a phantom be twoen me and my duties. The next morning I again encountered him on The Mall. He was resting lazily on tbo gfeeg rails, watching two little sloops in dis tress, which twd ragged ship-owners had. con signed to the mimic perils of the Pond. The vessels Lay becalmed in tho middle of the ocean, displaying a tantalising ? lack of sym pathy with the frantic helplessness of the owners on shore. As the gentleman observed their dilemma, alight came into his faded eyes, then died out, leaving them drearier than be fore. I wondered if ho, too, in his time, had sent out ships that drifted and drifted and never came to port ; andif these poor toys were to him types of his own losses. ' I would like to know that man's story,' I said,' half alorad, halting in one of those winding paths which branch off from the quietness of the Pond, and end in the rush and tumult of Tremont- . street. ' Would you ?' replied a voice at my side. I turned and faced Mr H ? , a neigh bor of mine, who laughed heartily at finding; me talking to myself. ' Well,' he added, re flectingly, ' I can toll you this man's story ; and if you will match the narrative with any thing as curious, I shall be glad to hear it.' ' You. know him then ?' ' Yes and no. I happened to be in Paris when he was buried.' 'Buried?' 'Well, strictly speaking, not buried; but something quite like it. If you've a spare half hour,' continued my interlocutor, ' we'll sit on this bench, and I will tell you all I know of an affair that made some noise in Paris a couplo of years ago. The geutleman himself, standing yonder, will serve as a sort of frontis piece to the romance — a full-page illustration, as it were.' The following pages contain the story that MrH ? related to me. While he was telling it, a gentle wind arose ; the miniature .sloops drifted feebly about the ocean; the wretched owners flew from point to point, as tho decep tive breeze promised to waft the barks to either shore ; the early robins trilled now and then from the newly fringed elms ; and the old young man leaned on the rail in the sunshine, wearily, little dreaming that two gossips were discussing his affairs within twenty yards of him. Three people were sitting in a chamber whose one large window overlooked the Pla se Vendome. M. Dorine, with his back half turned on the other two occupants of the apartment, was reading the Moniteur, pausing from time to time to wipe his glasses, and. taking scrupulous pains not to glance towards the lounge at his right, on which was seated Mademoiselle Dorine and a young American gentleman, whose handsome face rather frankly told hiB position in the family. There was not a happier man in Paris that afternoon than. Philip Wenttrorth. Life had become so deli cious to him, that he shrunk from looking beyond to-day. What could the future add to his full heart ? what might it not take away ? In certain natures the deepest joy has always something of melancholy in it, a presentiment, a fleeting sadness, a feeling without a namo. Wentworth was conscious of this subtile shadow, that night, when he rose from the lounge, and thoughtfully held Julie's hand to his lips for a moment before parting. A care less observer would not have thought him, as he was, the happiest man in Paris. M. Dorine laid down his paper, and came forward. ' If the house,' he said, 'is such as M. Martin describes it, I advise you to close with him at once. I would accompany you, Philip, but the truth is, I am too sad. at losing this little birdj to assist you in selecting a cage for her. Remember, the last train for town leaves at five. -Be sure not to mis3 it; for we have seats for M. Sardou's new comedy to-morrow night. By to-morrow night,' he. added laughingly, ' little Julie hero will be an old §lady, — 'tis such an age from now until then.' The next morning the train bora Philip to one of the loveliest spots within thirty miles of Paris. An hour's walk through green lanes brought him to M. Martin's estate. In a kind of dream the young man wandered from room to room, inspected the conservatory, the stables, tho lawns, the strip of woodland through which a merry brook sang to itself continually ; and, after :diningi with M. Martin, completed the purchase, and turned his steps towards the station, just in time to catch the express train. As Paris stretched out before him, with ita million lights twinkling in the early dusk, and its sharp spires here and there pricking the sky, it seemed to Philip as if years had elapsed since he left tho city. On reaching Paris ho drove to his hotel, where he found several letters lying on the table. He did not trouble himself even to glance at thoir superscriptions as he threw aside his travelling surtout for a more appropriate dress. If, in his impatience to see Mademoiselle Dorine, the cars had appeared to walk, the fiacre which he had secured at the station ap peared to creep. At last it turned into the Place Vendome, and drew up before M. Dorine's residence. The door opened as Philip's foot touched the first step. The servant silently ' took his cloak and hat, with a special defer ence, Philip thought ; but was he not now one of the family? ' M. Dorine,' said the servant slowly, ' is unable to see Monsieur at present, Ho wishes Monsieur to be shown up to the salon.' ' Is Mademoiselle — ' ' Yes, Mon sieur.' 'Alone?' ' Alone, Monsieur,' re peated the man, looking curiously at Philip, who could scarcely repress an exclamation of plea sure. It was the first timo that such a privilege had been accorded him. His interviews with Julie had always taken place in tho presence of M. Dorine, or some member of tho house hold. A well-bred Parisian girl has but a formal acquaintance with her lover. Philip did not linger on the staircase ; his heart sang in his bosom as ho flow up the steps two at a time. Ah ! this wine of air which one drinks at twenty, and seldom after ! He hasten ed through the softly lighted hall, in which he detected the faint scent of her favorite flowers, and stealthily opened the door of the salon. The room was darkened. Underneath the chandelier stood a slim black casket on trestles, A _ lighted candlo, a crucifix, and so mo white flowers were on a table near by. Julio Dorino was dead. When M. Dorine heard tho indescribable cry that rang through tho silent house, ho hurried from the library, and found Phillip standing like a ghost in the middle of the chamber. It was not until long afterwards that Wont worth loarnod tho details of the calamity that had befallen him. On tho previous night , Mademoiselle Dorino had retired to her room in seemingly perfect health. Sho dismissed her maid with a request to bo awakonod early tho'next morning. At tho appointed hour tho girl entered the chamber. Mademoiselle Do rine was sitting in an ann-ohair, apparently asleop. The candlo had burnt down to the socket; a tools lay half open en the carpet at . yfeefc. The girl started when she saw that ye bed had not been occupied, and that her /'mistress still wore an evening dress. She rushed to Mademoiselle Dorine's side. It was Jiot slumber. It was death. Two messages were at once despatched to Philip, . one to the station at G- ? , the other to his hotel. The first missed him nn the i-oad, _ the second he had neglected to open. On his arrival atM. Dorine's hsuse, the'ser vant, under the supposition that Wentworth had been advised of Mademoiselle's Dorino's deiitb, broke the intelligence with Awkward cruelty, by showing him directly to the salon.- Mademoiselle Dorine's wealth, her Ibeauty, the suddenness of her death, and. the romance 'that had in some way attached itself to her love for the young American, drew erowds to witness the funeral ceremonies which took place in the' church ? in the Rue d'Aguesneau. The body was to bo laid in M. Dorine's tomb, in the cemetery of Mont-' roartre. This tomb requires a few words of descrip tion. First there was a grating of filigr-aned ?'™] umunyu tuia yOU loojiea. into a small ?vestibule or hall, at the end of which was a massive door of oak opening upon a short flight of stone steps descending into the tomb. The va'alt was fifteen or twenty feet square, ingeniously ventilated from the ceiling, but unlighted. It contained two sarcophagi ; the first held the remains of Madame Dorine, long siace dead ; the other was new, and bore on ose side the letters of J. D., in monogram, inter woven with fleurs-de-lis. The faneral train stopped at the gate of the small garden that enclosed the place of burial,' xrniy the immediate relatives following the . Bearers into the tomb. A slender wax candle such as is used in Catholic Jchurches burnt at tthefoot of the uncovered sarcophagus, casting a Jim glow over the centre of the apartment, and deepening the shadows which seemed to huddle together .in the corners. By this flickering light the coffin was placed in its granite shell, the heavy slab laid over it revo. rently, and the oaken door revolved on its rusty hinges, shutting out the uncertain ray'ef sunshine that had ventured to peep in on the darkness. M. Dorine, muffled in his cloak, threw him self on the back seat of the carriage, too ab stracted in his grief to observe that he was the only occupant of the vehicle. There was a sound of wheels' grating On the gravelled avenHe, and then all was silence again in the ,. cemetery ef Montmartre. At the main en trance the carriages pax-ted company, dashiag off into various streets at a pace that seemed to express a sense, of relief. The band plays a -dead march going to the grave, but Fra Diavolo ?coming from it. It is not with the retreating carnages that our interest lies. Nor yet wholly with the dead in her mysterious dream ; but with Philip Wentworth. The rattle of wheels had died out of the air ?when Phitip|opened bis eyes, bewildered, like ?a _ man abruptly roused from slumber. He raised himself on one arm and stared into the surrounding blackness. Where was he ? In a second the truth flashed upon him. He had ? ' teen left in the tomb 1 While kaeeling on the farther side of the stone box, perhaps he had fainted, and in the last solemn rites his absence had been unnoticed. His first emotion was one of natural terror. ±sut this passed as quickly as it came. Life had ceased to be so very precious to him ; and if it were his fate to die at Julie's side, was not that the fulfilment of the desire which he had expressed to himself a hundred times that morning ? What did it matter, a few years sooner or later ? He must lay down the bur den at last. Wiry not then ? A pang of self reproach followed the thought. Could he so lightly throw aBide the love that had bent over his cradle. The sacred same of mother upse involuntarily to his lips. Was it not cowardly to yield up without a struggle the life which he- should guard for her sake ? Was it not his duty to the living and the' dead to face the ?difficulties of his position, and overcome them if it were within human power ? With an organisation as delicate as a woman's he had that spirit which, however sluggish in repose, can Jeap with a land of exultation to measure its strength with disaster. Tho vague fear of the supernatural, that would affect most men in a similar situation, found no room in his heart. He was simply shut in a chamber from which it was necessary he should obtain release withen a given period. That this chamber contained the bedy of a woman he loved, bo far from adding to the terror of the case, was a circumstance from which he drew consolation. She was a beautiful white statue now. Her soul was far hence ; and if that pure spirit could return, would it not be to shield him with her love ? It was impossible that the place should not engender some thought of the kind. He did not put the thought entirely from him as he rose to his feet and stretched out his hands in the dark ness ; but his mind was too healthy and practical to indulge long in such specula tions. ' Philip chanced to have in his pocket a box of wax-tapers which smokers use. After seve ral ineffectual attempts he succeeded in ignit ing one against the dank wall, and by its mo mentary glare perceived that the candle hod been left ijq the tomb. This would serve him in examining the fastenings of the vault. If he could force the inner deor by any meana, and reach the grating, of which he had an indistinct recollection, he might hope to make himself heard. But the oaken door was imr movable, as- solid as the wall itself, into which it fitted air-tight. Even if he had had the requisite tools, there were no fastenings to be removed: the hinges were set on the out side. Having ascertained this,, he replaced the candle on the floor, and leaned against the wall thought fully, watching the blue fan of flame that wavered to and fro, threatening to detach itself from the wick. ' At all events,' ho thought, ' the place is ventilated.' Sud denly Philip sprang forward and extinguished the light. His existence depended on that candle ! He had read somewhere, in some account of shipwreck, how the survivors bad lived for days upon a few candles which one of the passengers had insanely thrown into the long boat. And here lie had been burning away his very life. By the transient illumination of one of the tapers, he looked at his watch. It had stopped at cloven, — but at eleven that day or on tho proceeding night ? Tho funeral, ho knew, had left, tut; church at ten. How many hours had pa33od since then ? Of what duration had been Ms swoon? Alas ! it was no longer possible for him to measure thope hours, which crawl i like snails by the wretched, and -fly like swal lows over the happy. He picked up the candle and. seated himself on the stone steps. Ho was a sanguine man, this Wentworth, but, as he weighed the chances of his escape, the prospect did not seem encouraging. Of course ho would be missed. His disappearance under tbe circum stances weuld~surely alarm his friends ; they would instigate a search for him ; but who would think of searching for a live man in the cemetery of Montmartre? The Prefect of police would set a hundred intelligences at work to find him ; the Seine might be dragged, . les miserables turned over at the dead house ; a minute description of him would be in every detective's pojket ; and he— in M. Dorine's family tomb ! Yet, on the other hand, it was here he was last seen ; from this point a keen detective would naturally work up the case. Then might not the undertaker return for the candle Stick, probably not left with design? 0r, again, might not M. Dorine send fresh wreaths of flowers, to take the place of those which now diffused a pungent, aromatic odor through out the chamber ? Ah ! what unlikely ehances ? Tinf. -if rma n-f fhnan f.Tiinnrq rTifi rtfif. ' linvmpn speedily, it had better never happen. How long could he keep life in himself? With unaecelerated pulse, he quietly cut the half-burned candle into four equal parts. ' To night,' he meditated, ' I will eat the firat of these pieces ; to-morrow, the second ; tomor row evening, the third ; the next clay, the fourth ; and then — then I'll wait !' He had taken no breakfast that morning, un less a cup of coffee can be called a breakfast. He had never been very hungry before. He was ravenously hungry now. But he postponed the meal as long as practicable. It must have been near midnight, according to his calcu lation, when he determined to try the first of his four singular repasts. The bit of white wax was tasteless ; but it served its purpose. , ? His appetite for the time appeased, he found a new diseomfort. The humidity of the walls, and the wind that crept through the' unseen ventilator, chilled him to the bone. To keep walking was his only resource. A sort of drowsiness, too, occasionally came nvfir liim. Tf fnnlr all Trio trill fn 4irrV-t. -if. nfp To sleep, he felt, was to die ; and he had made tip his mind to live. Very strange fancies flitted through his head as he groped up and down the stone floor of the dungeon, feeling his way along the wall to avoid the sepulchres. Voices that had long been silent spoke words that had long been forgotten ; faces he had knovm in childhood grew palpable against the dark. His whole life in detail was unrolled before him like a pa norama ; the changes of a year, with its bur den of love and death, its sweets and its bit ternesses, were epitomised in a single second. Tke desire to sleep had left him. But the keen hunger came again. It must be near morning now, he mused ; perhaps the sun is just gilding the pinnacles and, domes of the city; or, may be, a dull drizzling rain is beating on Paris, sobbing on these mounds above me. Paris ! it seems like a dream. Did I ever walk in its gay streets in the golden sir? Oh the de fight and pain and passion of that sweet human life! Philip became conscious that the gloom, the silence, and the cold were gradually canquering mm. ine ieverisn activity oi ms Drain Drougnt on a reaction. He grow lethargic, he sank down on the steps, and thought of nothing. His hand fell by chance on one of the pieces of candle ; he grasped and devoured it me chanically. This revived him. 'How strange,' bethought, 'that I am not thirst}. Is it possible that the dampness of .the walls, which I must inhale with every breath, has supplied the need of water ? Not a drop has passed my lips for two days, and still I experience no thirst. That drowsiness, thank heaven, has gone. 1 think I was never- wide awake until this hour. It would be an anodyne like poison that could weigh down my eyelids.. No doubt the dread of sleep has something to do with this.' ' : ? The minutes were ? like hours. Now he walked as briskly as he dared up and down the tomb ; now he res-ted against the door. More than once he was tempted to throw himself upon the stone1 coffin that held Julie, and make no further struggle for his life. ' Only, one piece of candle remained. H,e had eaten the third portion. Not to satisfy hunger, but from a precautionary motive. He had taken it as a man takes some disagreeable drug upon the result of which hangs safety. The time was rapidly approaching when even this poor substitute for nourishment would be exhausted. He delayed that moment. Ho gave himself a long fast this time. The half-inch of candle which he held in his hand was a sacred thing to him. It was his last defence against death. At length, with such a sinking at heart as he had not known before, ho raised it to his lips. Then he paused, then he hurled the fragment across the tomb, then the oaken door was flung open, and Philip, with dazzled eyes, saw M. Dorine's form, sharply defined against the blue sky. When th'ey led him out, half blinded, into the brood daylight, M. Dorino noticed' that Philip's hair, which a short time since was as blaok as a crow's wing, had actually turned grey in places. The man's, eyes, too, had faded ; the darkness had spoiled their lustre. ' And how long was he really confined in tine tomb ?' I aBked,- as Mr H — — concluded the story. ' Just one hour and twenty minutes 1' replied' Mr H- ? , smiling blandly. As he spoke, the little sloops, with their sails all blown out like white roses, camo float ing bravely into tho port, and Philip. Went worth lounged by us, wearily; in the pleasant April sunshine. Mr H ? 's narrative made a deep impres sion on me. Hera was a man who had under gone a strange ordeal. Here was a man whose sufferings /were unique. His was no thread bare experience. Eighty minutes had seemed like two days to him ! If ho had really been in ured two days in the tomb, the story, from my point of view, would have lost its tragic ele ment. . After this it was but natural I should regard Mr Wentworth with deepened interest. As I met him from day to day, passing through the Common with that some abstracted air, there was something in his loneliness which touched me. I wondered that I had not before read in his pale meditative faco some such sad history as Mr It ? had coniUled to mo. I formed the resolution of speaking to him, though with : what purpose was not vory clear to my mind. OflG May morning we. met at the intersection of two paths. He courteously halted to allow me the precedence. ' Mr Wentworth, ''I began, 'I — ' Ho interrupted me. ' My name, sir,' he said, in an off-handed manner, ' is Jones.' ' Jo- Jo- Jones !' I gasped. ' Not Jo Jones,' he returned, coldly, ' .Frederick.' Mr Jones, or whatever his name is, will never know, unless he reads these pages, why a man accosted him one morning as ' Mr Wentworth,' and then abruptly rushed down the nearest path, and disappeared in the crowd. The fact is, IJhad been duped by Mr H ? . Mr H — — occasionally contributes a story to the magazines. He had actually tried the effect of one of his romances on me ! My hero, as I subsequently learned, is no hero at all, but a commonplace young man who has some connection with the building of that pretty granite ; bridge which will shortly span the crooked little lake in the Public Gar den. ? When I- think of the cool ingenuity and readiness with which Mr H— — built up his airy fabric on my credulity, I am half inclined to laugh ; though I feel not slightly irritated at having been the unresisting victim of his Black Art. 