THE LEADING QUESTIONS OF THE DAY. WAS HAMLET mad ? Was HAMLET sad? Was HAMLET good F Was HAMLET bad ? Was HAMLET short ? Was HAMLET tall? Was HAMLET big ? Was HAMLET small ? Was HAMLET fat ? Was HAMLET thin ? Wore he a beard upon his chin ? And if no beard he used to wear, How could he ask, " Who plucks me there ? " Was HAMLET cruel to his love ? That fluttering Elsinorian dove; Or must the verdict which we write, In vulgar terms be, " Sarved her right.'' Was HAMLET stern to his mamma, When came the ghost of hispapa, And bade him say, she seemed to do A deal she really oughtn't to? Did he act right to make her stare, By holding up two pictures there— Two brother figures in their frames— And call his uncle naughty names ? Had he good, grounds for all he spoke ? Or did he oli POLONIUS "smoke," Informing him he might grow younger, And styling the old sage " fishmonger ?" Was it what we should call a " sell," The fib he did POLONIUS tell— That he beside the gallery rail, Beheld a cloud shaped " like a whale ?" Was he demented when he took His former comrades so to book ? Or hit them that tremendous wipe Because they could not play the pipe ? Was it because " care killed the cat," That he sang out " a rat, a rat ?" And when he " mouse-trap" called the play, Were mice the game he sought to slay ? So when he said " The cat will mew," Did he conceive she ought not to ? And when that dog its day had got, Did it get registered or not ? These questions now men's minds engage, And e'enthePress erect® its stage, On which come stalking up and down, SMITH, JONES, and ROBINSON, and BROWN. " Was Hamlet mad is asked around, Until one shudders at the sound, And feels almost inclined to swear— " If he were not, by JOVE, you are." At all events, 'tis hard to say. So long it is since HAMLET'S day— Or rather since the day when grew This wond'rous]play on SHAKSFEARE'S view. But till at rest this riddle's set, By critic 'bove all critic yet, Let's give MONTGOMERY'S " PRINCE " ovation, As something like the Bard's creation. [We have opened our columns freely to any person wishing to discuss this important subject; but our old friend Mr. BINDON— whose happy thoughts so much delighted the readers of our immortal periodical some time ago—having pronounced an opinion, every one must see that it would be worse than useless to continue the discussion. The matter must therefore be allowed to drop.— M. P.] 