THE METROPOLIS. Adelaide, August 22. What a dull nuisance a well-behaved com munity is. Though I hold with Mr Picker ing that the prosperity of this good colony is due to its morality, I sometimes regret that morals can't be made a little interesting. Here we are in a week of Sundays and damp weather. The general effect has been so depressing that Dan Fisher has been melted into penitence by it. On Wednesday after noon, during the debate on Mr Bright's motion for increasing the labour standard at the Stockade, he made a speech based on his reminiscences of Yan Dieman's Land, which quite took the House by surprise. I would not use such an expression had the hon. gentleman himself not set the example. To judge from his candor, on Wednesday, he must rather regret not having been called by his proper name before. The disappointment is. so great that he must needs supply the omission in the most public and ostentatious way possible. He bluntly began his speech by saying that he was to speak from experi- j ence on the question of convict discipline. He had been in that " unfortunate position " himself, and could testify that the Jaw of kindness was much more effectual than the cat. Very possibly, as roast meat and plum pudding were believed by Sir Joshua Jebb to be the best introduction to a course of tract reading, with tickets of leave for prizes to the greatest hypocrites. The House was so upset at Dan's revelations that the Treasurer had to propose an adjournment of the debate. There has since been a good deal of talk on the Flags about Dan's using his seat in Parliament as a confessional* There is a class of people, such as his own constituents, who will think his confession a sublime specimen of moral courage. The other nine tenths will ascribe it to shamelessness, and they will have good reason. Mr Fisher was not in a position that necessitated any expla nation of the kind. There had been no insinuations against him. He had been offered no dignity or appointment which his precedents and a due regard to public feeling should have made him decline. There was no claim or desire on the part of the House to know what his precedents were. He had been received into it in the usual way, and been treated according to all the usual forms of the House. The fact he has blazoned forth from his seat in Parliament was a matter of notoriety, but none would have been so mean as to cast it in his teeth had he not opened his mouth wide and invited the world to spit in it. Those who best know Mr Fisher consider his confession a mere shame less braggadocio, and they can recount others by the dozen of a less ostentatious kind. When he was elected, it is said that sqpie one asked him how he was so anxious to get into a place he was so illsuited for. . " To prove," he said, " what a great humbug universal suffrage is/' The " Hansard " of Thursday will have something of this tendency, and In I a few days we may have sneers from all! i quarters about the Assembly which discussed convict discipline on the ground of personal experience. The old proverb of " set a thief to catch a thief " has been extended to legis lating for the same class. Whether done in joke or in earnest, Dan'J, it was really too bad—thus to hold the mirror up to nature, our poor fallen parliamentary nature. Only the night before the devout Mr Colton and our colonial Bunyan, alias John Carr, of Noarlunga, had been as usual praising the South Australian Parliament, over their wine, as the best in the colonies. Perhaps Dan'l had taken his cue from Verco's and Wright's speeches, at the declaration of the poll for the Legislative Council, on Mon day last. These two defeated candidates there displayed the finishing virtue of {>ld women—envious spite. One of them owed his defeat entirely to his own imprud ence, and the other was a fool for ever expect- . jpg anything but a defeat, yet it must needs be that illegalities, and bribery, and beer drinking had decided the election against them. As Mr Crozier said, the insinuation was a slur and a reproach cast -upon the whole colony. It was more of an insult to the'elec tors than to the elected. But it is of no use trying to argue with old women, especially if they are in bad humour. The Press and the public have treated the malicious drivel as it deserved—with silent contempt. Mr Verco is left to console himself with the reflection that "he had not stuffed the electors with beer—he had not expended- thousands of pounds to purchase his election, and he had not obtained votes by paying at the rate of 15s per man.' Oh, no 9 Mr Verco, you are not so free with you fifteen bobs. You would rather turn your principles inside out before you would perform the same operation on your purse. As for Granny Wright, of Grey Ward, he thinks he lost his election through having been mistaken for Wright, tlu? land agent; or, Wriglit, the architect! What a pity he was not better known, seeing, as he says himself, that "the more ha,is known the higher he stands in the estimation of his fellow colonists." For myself, and a good many others of his constituents in Grey Ward, I must plead guilty to being a perverse exception to that rule. Esteem Councillor Wright, forsooth—I esteem Mrs Councillor Wright for taking care of him, but my respect for the family ends there. Lest, at .any future election, he should be mistaken for any one better than himself, he gave on Mon day a short summary of his historical an<i biographical claims to " the estimation of his fellow colonists." The first is that lie " bas been a currier, a tanner, and a snob." The second, that he " is tmcontaminated by any breach of the laws." The third, that " he has never stood in a felon's dock, or passed through the Insolvent Court." Twft very interesting situations in life that this disappointed Pharisee has missed—are they not? When he publishes a revised edition of his virtues, he will be able to add to them that of martyrdom, for his hearers on Mon day thought his eloquence such a bore that they cut it short before he came within half a mile of the peroration. I must imitate them with the curt announcement that the three successful candidates are just those who olight to have succeeded—Crozier, Morgan, and Solomon. They took their seats on Tues day afternoon. Parliamentary business is below zero. Mr Reynolds is rattling through the Estimates, like Dan O'Connell in his coach and six through the Act of Union. There has been only one sensation, and that I have alr&tdy; described at length. The Session is only six week's old, and, excepting the Railway Bills, it seems to be well through its work. There is every chance of a short Session—finishing perhaps, before the arrival of the Duke, or at least immediately after he has had an opportunity of hearing a no-confidence debate. To set to work again after seven days of hard dissipation and loyalty would be too much for human nature. Besides, there is the general election in the beginning of next year to prepare for. A parliamentary Death bed ought to be decent, and orderly, and solemn, as well as any other death-bed. A Speaker can't give up the ghost like a rail way passenger changing carriages. The ballot-box is a bourne from which all political travellers do not return, unless they take Crozier's advice and appraise Votes at fifteen bob a head. The telegram about the miners'meeting in Moonta caused a good deal of uneasiness in town on Monday. It was never expected that the Directors would concede the point, or indeed make any concession at all ^there fore, the announcement in the afternoon that they had resolved to refuse was very quietly listened to. It is said to be quite a matter of indifference to them, as far as they are per sonally concerned, whether the mine should be worked or not in the present state of the t market. Even had it been otherwise, they are two well known not to be of the pliable sort. To great capitalists like them it does not matter for a few dividends, and they are quite aware that,daily bread is of much more importance to the miners. Should a strike be made the power would be all on the masters' side, and, I fear, most of the public sympathy; The mines are just now as much I a labour test as what has recently been aban doned on the Park Lands. There is hardly I working expenses to be got out of them. It i will be different when they all require to be put on full work again. The compliment of hands will be very much under its old stan dard, and wages must be high. In this case the miners will not have to fear a flood of immigration from Cornwall at Government expense. Remembering how it was overdone before, the public will protest against it, and the miners themselves—feeling how cavalierly I they have been treated—will be slow to entice their friends out, 