THE MANUFACTURE OF HUSBANDS. (From the Imperial Review.) A BELOVED Sovereign has provided a Hyde park and the Row ; a generous nation has supplied the horticultural gardens; and an emulous community has prepared a nightly succession of balls, soirees, concerts, and such-like convenient festivities, all of which conspire towards the realisation of the great central idea of life-the procuring suitable mates for the fledglings of the year. Every body and everything assist everybody and everything else. We visit and are visited in turn. The vigour of all allows no one's ardour to slacken. A town life, in full swing, resembles a country dance; we are always meeting each other again. No time for cooling down now. To-night, an hour in an opera-box and a couple of hours more at somebody's assembly. To-morrow, at noon, nods and glances, trim riding-habits, and provokingly sudden good-byes in the park. Towards five o'clock, salutations in Bond street, from the exciting distance of carriage cushions, flashing past in an instant. Again, about seven, an encounter in the park, per- haps under the trees, perhaps in a carriage drawn up at the railings, and detained by a block caused by everybody, and of which everybody is wondering who can possibly be the cause. Towards midnight, the ball of the season-how many of them there are ! at which the whole world is present. And so on, and so on. Talk of cooling down under such circumstances ! It is impossible. Admiration has long been left behind, and even the warmth of the suitor no longer registers the true condition of the thermo- metric heart. Engagement heat is arrived at, with the expenditure of very little fuel on the part of the triumphant operator, who in the country might have burnt up every stick on the ancestral premises without even raising the swain's ardour above temperate. Of course there must be moments, even in London, when there is a pause, a suspension 1 of labour, and when the operations of which we have spoken must perforce be inter- mitted. But the pause is short, the sus- pension brief, and work is resumed before time has been allowed for any injury to be done to the article undergoing manufacture, by a break in the process. In the country, as we say, a man passing through the stages which are intended to lead to matrimony is allowed to be idle and run back again. But in London, the very " between times " assist the process. They are just long enough to make him consciously remember and dwell upon the pleasant scenes in which he has re- cently been a leading actor, but never long enough to enable him to forget them. He longs again to be in the arena, and before the longing has time to wear off he finds his wishes gratified. His imagination is stimu- lated by these brief interludes, just as our imagination and curiosity are stimulated at a theatre by the temporary fall of the drop scene. He is indulged in those judiciously measured absences which make the heart grow fonder, never in those inadvertently or, in the country, inevitably-prolonged ones which make it fickle. He is thrown upon the resources of his club for just that number of hours during the week which will make him find it dull and tedious, never for that longer time which might possibly drive him into finding it a consolation and even a necessity. Just as he is allowed to snatch fearful and intermit tent joys, so is he permitted to undergo dreaded and intermittent miseries. He is not yet enabled to live with the object of his fired fancy; but they who are managing his development take good care that he should not discover, by too great a lull or separa- tion, that he might possibly be able to live without her. Nor must we forget that that mighty agent in the success of all manufac- tures, emulation, is brought to bear upon him at every stage. During working hours or resting ones, in the park or at the club, in halls of dazzling light, or whilst con- demned to the shade of his own chamber, he never can feel sure that he is not being cut out by some more favoured rival. Indeed, during the active time of the operation he is made to see and feel, or the conductors of it must be very clumsy, that he is hard pressed by several competitors. It can be easily understood how the between times of which we have spoken act under such circumstances very differently from the manner in which they operate in the country. They actually become elements of the noble industry. Present or absent, he never can cool down. Thus combination, co-operation, rivalry, a due division of labour, and the requisite machinery, speedily bring about the desired end. Nor is it one husband only that has been produced. Hundreds, thousands of hus- bands have been manufactured at the same time, by the same process, and with one and the same expenditure. As in all manufac- ture based upon sound principles, produc- tion has been rapid, large, and economical. Neither labor nor capital has been wasted. There have been no extravagant banquets, ending in rude disappointment, no reckless picnics terminating in barren flirtation. The song of the Psalmist can no longer be sung, for the game is in the net of the snarer, and will be set free never again. There have been no futile read- ings of Tennyson in shady corners, no pur- poseless toyings with the poets, just to while away the tedium of a too long summer day. There is more matrimonial virtue in a Greenwich dinner-given of course at the alien expense' of some rich parvenu financier \---than in all the sentimental verses that were ever written. Supposing Anak to be, as he is stated, the tallest man living, why is he like a daily contemporary ? Because he must have the largest circulation in the world.-Fun. A lady who is opposed to having whist played in her house, recently sent out invita- tions for a social party, and lest there should be some mistake, she added, "no cards." NUTIITION.-Dr. Rambosson has pre- sented at the French Academy of Sciences a curious paper on the effects which different kinds of food produce on the nervous system. For many years past the writer had been making experiments upon himself by living entirely, for several days consecutively, upon the single element he wished to test, and even occasionally by remaining nearly forty hours without any food except a little gum. The conclusions he came to from his experi- ments were :--1. That certain articles of food exercise a special action on the motor, and others on the sensory system of nerves. 2. That the former particularly influence the intellect, and the latter the feelings, and that there are some substances that influence both systems, and, therefore, both the intel- lect and the feelings. Thus, having tried coffee after the training above described, he found that if he took a certain quantity of it. very strong, a great change gradually came over him. His feelings were numbed, and his intellectual faculties becames wonderfully active. He ceased to be communicative, was cold and peevish, and in short he acquired a disposition contrary to his natural one, his mind being constantly at work in spite of himself. When he remained long in this state, his intellect was unable to pro duce connected thought, but was agitated; his sleep would be disturbed, and his pulse would fall. By the use of a little food with good wine tranquillity, was soon restored; and if he then read what he had written in a former state, he was quite astonished at the peculiarity of the ideas expressed, although they appeared perfectly natural to him when they were first committed to paper. Wine, on the contrary, taken when the system was reduced by diet, and even in such small quantities as not to produce in toxication, rather obscured the intellectual faculties, and made him feel embarrassed about the slightest things, and fear lest he should offend. Yet it prompted him to freely utter any bad thoughts that entered his mind. These effects, described by one who had brought himself into an abnormal state, are certainly not such as follow the use of these beverages in connexion with the regular allotment of food; but they demon strate that the too free use of any substance which acts only on a part dof the system may tend to derange the functions of a naturally well-balanced organism. MAXIMILIAN TO BE REVENGED.-Senor Martin de Castillo, late minister of foreign affairs of the Mexican empire, now residing in Spain, has challenged Juarez to single combat, and has published the challenge in the Spanish papers. M, de Castillo con cludes his letter by pledging his faith as a gentleman to start for Mexico in order to bring the duel to an issue immediately he receives from Juarez a sufficient guarantee that he will not be assassinated the moment he gets there. BUTTON-HOLES BY MACHINERY. -Just as we are getting familiarised with the triumphs of the sewing-machine, the genius of inven tion has made another success in the same department. Button-holes can now be made complete by machinery. The stitch is of ex actly the same appearance as the present button-hole stitch, but with this advantage that the under side is as neat and regular as the upper side. Competent judges in the tailoring trade consider it fully equal to hand work in strength, and it is apparent to all that it equals it in neatness. One machine is said to be able to do all the work for a shop where one hundred men are employed. A tedious and monotonous part of the jour neyman tailor's work can thus be entirely escaped, and it is said that the really labori ous part of his business, that of pressing, will soon be considerably lessened, if not entirely abolished, for a pressing-machine is nearly perfected. If this is so the only obstacle to the trade passing altogether into the hands of females is removed. The strike in London, and the unsettled state of the trade throughout the country, will attract the attention of employers of labour to these two inventions, and doubtless lead to their general adoption much sooner than they otherwise would in less agitating times. The longer we live the shorter does time appear. The theory of this we take to be as follows :--The old are more familiar with time than the young; they have passed through a greater portion of it, and by thus becoming habituated to its progression think less of any given quantity. A year is a great period to a child, because, compared with its previous existence, it embraces a long era; to the aged it is as nothing. A person accustomed to walk forty miles a day thinks little of ten. Another, whose diumrnal walk does not exceed three, con ceives ten a formidable task. To illustrate the point still further :--To a poor man, a ten-dollar bill is a great deal of money; to a rich one, fifty times that sum is compara tivel' nothing. The same law holds with regard to the estimate of time by the Yo0ung, who have had little of it, and by the old, who have had much.-American paper. An impertinent fellow asked a gentleman at a public gathering why he had shaved off his side whiskers, and was answered, that to meet some men he required more cheek. OUR "MUTE "-YOU-ALL F?RIEND. - The Undertaker !--Fun. A country paper in ?Wisconsin says that the legislature of that state adjourned non comrpos. This is about as bad as the state ment made by the chairman of a meeting held in Byron Hall, Chicago, about six years ago, declaring a certain resolution 1 passed orim. con. " Have you not mistaken the pew, sir ? " I blandly said a Sunday Chesterfield to a stranger who entered it. " I beg pardon," i maid the intruder, rising to go out, "I fear I hrave; I took it for a Christian's." A friend asked a pretty child of six years old, "which do you love best, your cat or your doll ?" The little girl thought some time before answering, and then whispered in the ear of the questioner, "I love my cat best, but please don't tell my doll." ELOQUENT.-A Yankee orator, warming with his subject, exclaimed, " I guess there ain't a man, woman, or child in the house, who has arrived at the age of fifty years, but what has felt this truth thundering through their minds for centuries." An American paper gives the following reasons for not publishing a poetic effusion: -" The rhythm sounds like pumpkins rolling over a barn floor, while some lines appear to have been measured with a yard stick, and others with a ten-foot pole." The Rev. Rowland Hill once said, on observing some persons enter his chapel to avoid the rain that was falling, " many persons are to be blamed for making their religion a cloak; but I do not think those much better who make it an umbrella." Soon after the death of Wordsworth, a man met a farmer of the .neighbourhood, and said to him :-" You have had a great loss." " What loss ? " " Why, you have lost a great poet." "Oh! ay," said the farmer, "he is dead, but I hey no doubt his wife'll carry on the business and make it as profitable as iver it was." During a trial at Stafford, Mir. Huddle stone, whilst pleading, was suddenly seized with a bleeding at the nose, Baron Alderson instantly complimented the learned counsel's client upon the fact, saying, "you are a lucky fellow; your advocate bleeds in your cause." The Rev. Mr. Johnstone was one of those rough but quaint preachers of the former generation who were fond of irisiting add good living. While seated at the table of a lady in a neighbouring parish, she asked him if he took milk in his tea. " Yes, ma'am, when I can't get cream," was the ready reply. A lad who had lately gone to service, having had salad served up at dinner every day for a week, ran away. When asked why he had left his place, he replied, " they made me yeat grass i' th' summer, an' I wur afeard they'd mak' me yeat hay i' th' winter, an' I could no' stand that, so I wur off." At a penny reading lately, a gentleman reading rather badly the audience hissed. The chairman, seeking to preserve quietness, remarked, " don't you know the only ani mals that hiss are geese." "'Faith," said an Irishman, " its speaking to him in his own language we were." THE GOOD OLD TIMES.--The old times were not good times, at least, for servants. The following deed is recorded in Pepy's Diary as rather commendable than other wise :-" December 2, 1680. This morning observing some things to be laid up not as they should be by my girl, I took a broom and basted her till she cried exceedingly." During a recent trial, among the witnesses was as verdant a specimen of humanity as one would wish to meet with. After a severe cross- examination the counsel for the government paused, and then putting on a look of severity, with an ominous shake of the head, exclaimed, " Mr. Witness, has not an effort been made to induce you to tell a different story ?" "A different story from what I have told?" " That is what I mean." "Yes, sir; several persons have tried to get me to tell a different story from what I have told, but they couldn't." "'Now sir, upon your oath, I wish to know who these persons are." " Wall, I guess, you've tried 'bout as hard as any of them." The witness was dismissed, while the judge, jury, and spectators indulged in a hearty laugh. American Paper. A SCOTOHrLN'S VIEW or ADnA.-There must have been some curious specimens of Scottish humour brought out at the exami nations or catechisings by ministers of the flock before the administration of the com munion. Thus, with reference to human nature before the fall, a man was asked "' what kind of man was Adam? "-" Ou, just like ither folk." The minister insisted on having a more special description of the first man, and pressed for more explanation. "Weel," said the catechumen, "he was just like Joe Simpson, the horse-couper." "H ow so ?" asked the minister. "Weel, naebody got onything by him, and mony lost." A MAN OF BUSINESS.-A gentleman was in treaty with a horse-dealer (who died the other day) for the purchase of a mare, but could not agree upon the price. Next morn ing, however, making up his mind to offer to split the difference, he posted off to the yard, when the first person he met was the groom. "MWaster up, Joe ?" said he. " No; master be dead," said Joe; "but he left word you're to have the mare." One of the pleasantest incidents of the French court stage occurred when the Em p peror Napoleon jokingly hissed the Empress r Josephine, who was acting a little operatic Spart in the theatre in the palace at St. Cloud. i She demurely stepped forward, and remarked b that any one of the audience who was dis satisfied with the performance might retire, and have his money returned to him at the doors. The consequent laughter was uproari ous. There used to be a story current among W~inchester boys to the effect that in old Dr. Hungerford's days the boys on the foundation were not allowed potatoes as a' portion of the college diet. On representing the hardship of the case to the doctor, he replied that if it had been good for the boys to have potatoes; they would have been pro vided for by the original founder of the school. When it was suggested to him that potatoes were not known in England until the discovery of America, he remarked that this entirely altered the state of the case, and from that time forth potatoes were per mitted. The United Presbyterian Synod has just been holding a meeting on the sub ject of the use of organs in churches, at which one of the speakers used an argument which at once recalled the admirable reason ing of the Winchester sage on the great potato question. One Mr. Roberts protested vehemently against the introductiori o the abominable instrument, -onl the ground 'that it was not used in the worship of the early Christians, and that if its use had been desirable the Holy Spirit would have inspired some Christian artificer with the requisite knowledge and skill for organ-building. " Would any one say," heexclaimed, " that the wisdom of God was incompetent to teach the carpenters and those who preached the Gospel throughout the wide world to ereet organs if He had wanted °them ? " This reasoning, as we learn' from the newspaper report of the debate, was received with loud and repeated laughter. And a subsequent speaker reminded Mr. Roberts and those who agreed with him that they had already got a musical instrument in Presbyterian churches, in the shape of a tuning-fork to regulate the pitch of the voices for singing. Another speaker further remarked that, inasmuch as the early Chistians had no churches at all to pray in, it was obvious that they could not introduce organs into them. - The debate altogether seems to have been peculiarly lively, and for a clerical assemblage almost instructive and enter taining, and certainly so in comparison with the discussions of our English Convocation. Nevertheless a large majority rejected the memorial which prayed for the toleration of organs. By two hundred and thirty-two votes against one hundred and thirty- six, the synod proved to the world that it is not alone in the matter of jokes that a surgical operation is required for the enlightenment of Scotchmen. A REPUTED CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.-Mr. G. E. Gaskell, of Melbourne, gives the fol lowing as a cure for rheumatic pains, and makes it public through the columns of the Australasian :-A pair of inner soles, to be worn next the naked feet, and to be made of zinc and copper-the toe portion of the sole to be of zinc and the heel portion of copper for the one foot, and the heel portion of zinc and toe portion of copper for the other foot. The metals must overlap at the joint. Of course, one cannot comfortably walk with these soles, but they may be worn when standing or sitting, and also at night in bed. I speak from experience when I assert that the effect is remarkably beneficial. N.B. The metal shoes must be kept perfectly bright and clear. LA.Y ELrIZABET.-This clipping filly has up to and including yesterday, won eleven races, being, in fact, all she has started for, and the amount won by her in stakes is £8155. The performances of Achievement were last season regarded as extraordinary; but the Marquis of Hastings' mare far eclipses Colonel Pearson's, the latter, up to the close of the July meeting last year, hav ing won but seven races, of the aggregate value of £6052.-Sporting Life. A sturdy fellow of the Teutonic race, having been summoned as a juror, was called to the stand for interrogation as to his qualifications. Judge: "Are you a house holder or freeholder ?" Teuton : "Vot you say ? I no understand." Judge (straighten ing up, with an air of positiveness:) " Do you own property?" Teuton: "I own noding." Judge: "Then you are a married man ? Are you the head of a family ?" Teuton: "Ise pe married, but she pees the head of the family." Judge: "Stand aside." GOLD AND SILVER COIN~AGE OF EUROPE. Prince Napoleon is to be president of the congress which is to be assembled in Paris for the purpose of fixing a uniform standard of gold and silver coinage in Europe. Panama Star and Herald. SEcOND SGlHT.-Agricultural gentleman (who has just dined) to old stableman who has brought round the wrong horse : ' That isn't mine !" 'Old stableman (decisively): " Oh, yes, it is!" A.G. : "Why confound_. ';" you, do you think I don't know my own ' horse ?" O. 8.: "No, sir; but I thought p'r'aps you saw two horses, and were looking-l:_ at the other."-Fun. Distress, even when it seems the greatest,l is still but comparative. "Such is the pres-a sure of the times in our town," said a Bir-'. ? ? .mingham manufacturer, some time ago, toi his agent in London, "that we have good workmen who will get up the inside ofa a watch for eighteen shillings." "Pooh! that is nothing compared to London," replied his. friend; "we have boys here that will get up the inside of a chimney for a sixpence." A FACETIOUS JUDGE.-A mirth-loving judge, Justice Powell, could be as thoroughly' humourous in private life as he was fearless and just upon the bench. Swift describes him as a surprisingly merry old gentleman' laughing heartily at all comic things, and at his own droll stories more than aught else. In court he could not always refrain from jocularity. For instance, when he tried Jane Wenham for witchcraft, and she : assured him that she could fly, his eye' - twinkled as he answered, " well, then, you. may; .there is. no law against flying.": When Fowler, .Bishop of "Glouccster-- a thorough believer in what is now-a-days ' called spiritualism - was persecuting his acquaintance with silly stories about'ghosts, Powell gave him a telling reproof for his credulity by describing a horrible apparition which was represented as having disturbed the narrator's rest on a previous night. At the hour of midnight, as the clocks were_ striking twelve, the judge was roused from his first, slumber by a 'hideous sound. Starting up, he saw at th' fbot of his uncompanioned bed a figure-dark, gloomy, terrible, holding before its grim and re pulsive visage a lamp that shed an uncertain' light. " May heaven have mercy on us ! " tremulously ejaculated the bishop at this : part of the story. The judge continued his story :-" Be calm, my lord bishop; be calm. The awful part of this mysterious interview has still to be told. Nerving my- ;' self to fashion the words of inquiry, I addressed the nocturnal visitor thus ' strange being, why hast thou come at. this: still hour to perturb a sinful mortal?' You. understand, my lord, I said this in hollow, tones-in what I may almost term a sepulch ral voice." "Ay, ay," said the bishop, "I implore you to go on. What did it answer?" "It answered, in a voice not greatly different from the voice of a human creature, 'please, sir, I am the watchman on beat, and your street-door is open.' "--Book about Lawyers. A LAWYER's ODE TO SPRING Whereas on certain boughs and sprays, Now divers birds are heard to sing, And certain flowers their heads upraise, Hail to the coming on of spring! The song of those said birds arouse The mem'ry of our youthful hours- .. As green as those said sprays and boughs, : As fresh and sweet as those said flowers. . 'The birds aforesaid-happy pairs ! Love 'mid the aforesaid boughs enshrines?. In freehold nest, themselves, their heirs, Administrators, and assignse.... Oh ! busiest term of Cupid's court, Where tender plaintiffs action bring Season of frolic and of sport Hail, as aforesaid, coming spring. A SPric SToRY.-There was a knot of sea captains in a store at Honolulu, thei keeper of which had just bought a barrel ofi · black pepper. Old Capt. --, of Salem, came in, and seeing the pepper, took up a handful of it. "What do you buy such ! stuff as that for?" said he to the store- ii keeper, "it's half peas." "Peas!" replied the storekeeper, "there isn't a pea in it."' Taking up a handful as he spoke, he appealed . to the company. They all looked at it, and plunged their hands into the barrel, and bit a kernel or so, and then gave it as the.ir. . universal opinion that their wasn't a pea in i it. "I tell you the.e is," said the old cap tain, again scooping up a handful, "and I'll :: bet a dollar on it." The old Boston argu- i i ment all over the world. They took it up. " Well," said he, "spell that," pointing to the word "p-e-p-p-e-r," painted on the side of the barrel; " if that isn't half ' p's,' thenii I'm no judge, that's all." The bet was paid. AN InIsH VAGRANT. - When the late Alderman Waithman was Lord Mayor of London, a man was brought before him on a charge of vagrancy. "What countryman are you ?" inquired the alderman. "An Irish man, please your honour," was the reply.. The alderman asked-" were you ever at sea ?" "Come, your honour," answered Paddy, " d'ye think I crossed from Dublin in a wheelbarrow ? " 'Wanted--a fresh covering for the, bellsi that have pealed. 