OF GROWING UP. A Bov'f Advice to Boye. I am aware that to some lads who read this the thought of being (still a boy will be far from pleasant, They wish to become men all at once. They have grown tired of school, impatient of wholesome restraint. They frequently get into scrapes, but they do not like to be punished for their mis doings. 'If we were men,' say they, 'we could not be compelled to go to school ; we might please ourselves, and tnould have no more floggings. In fact, it's ever so much jollier to be a man !' I rjLr.nnt. flprpA ?with them. Thau finnAar in farffat tha they would have to become pupils in a school a thousand times more severe than that of Dr. Birchall's or Professor Crambara'f, where the prizes are many and great, and where the punishments are in proportion to the rewards. There is the School of Life. Jack Higbfiy, an acquaintance of mine, of about my own age, lately made up his mind that he would take time by the forelock, and immediately Bet up for a ' man.' This precocious young gentleman scorned the idea of being a coy, and so cut marbles, and tops, and kites, end hoops, nnd prisoner's base, and all that sort of thing which we boys like to much, and absented himself, bo far as he could, from our society. Not that we in the least regretted this, for he wee always very 'priggish,' and affected a patronis ing manner very distasteful to us. So Jack Higbfiy set up for a man, and therewith, his claim to respect as such. If we accosted him as ' Jack,' 'Johnny,' or 'John,' withering indeed did he intend the answering look of anger and contempt to be; 'Highfly' was just endurable ; but did some timid little nine-year-old greet him as ' Mister Highfly,' he was immediately the very in carnation of affability and condescension. Then to increase the impreeeiyeness of his outward appearance, Jack had recourse to his tailor, who decked out his willing customer in the most extravagant extreme of the fashion ; trousers tightly grasping the somewhat spidery legs — coat very full and extensive about the collar, and waistcoat after the same elegant cut. On his tead he always wore that most dignified of hats, which the vulgar boys call ' chimney pot.' In bis right hand he bore a cane, which he twirled, or Etuck under his arm, or, in moments of contemplation, held up to his lips, but which he never could have used in the way such things were once intended to be used, the article being little more than a foot in length. He screwed up his face into a most tortuous expression, so that he might keep up in its place (?) an eye-glass, And how sternly conscious be was of the advent of a few early sprouts on his downy chin ! He simulated moments of perplexity, that he might with propriety stroke and fondle those harbingers of longed-lor manhood. He also thought it desirable to become one of a Bel of brainless 'man-boys' like himself, and that clique became at once his delight and his misery, 'Smoke, old fellow?' asked a member of this brillant fraternity cf Jack, as he opened his cigarcase, and lit a ' Cuba.' 'No, I don't— haven't made a beginning yet,' replied Jack, blushing to acknowledge what appeared to him such a shameful fact. 'No r' exclaimed the other, taking the cigar from his mouth, and with great difficulty suppressing a cough, ' you don't say so 1' ' My people at home are awfully particular about these things,' was Jack's rueful apology. ' Well, never mind, old chap — try one now. Every man should smoke, you know.' Jack took one, and beean Bucking at it in a helpless sort of way, and the expression of his face was the reverse oi joyful. ' Is the old boy testy r' presently asked Jack's com panion. 'The old boy ':' echoed Jack. ' Don't you understand ?— the governor ? Does he hold the reins tight?' 'Oh, the gov— my father's dead.' And even the hare brained Jack was sorry he had to mention that sad fact in tueh a manner. 'Beg pardon; I didn't know, of course,' rejoined the other. ' But, then, who is so particular, as you said?' ' Well, it's my mother. She'll be awfully cross if she knows I'm smoking.' ' Pshaw ! your mother ! you don't mean to say that you care for what your tiwthtr says r'' laughed Jack's new counsellor. Jack felt it neccEsary again to apologise for having had some respect for his mother, by muttering something about ' not wishing to have any rows in the house.' 'Of course — of coume,' said hia companion ; 'it's just a6 well to humour the old ladies as far as you conveniently can ; but I would never give up any rational enjoyments to suit their foolish fancies.' Taint .1.M, aaav Tanlr vllA fill i!*ill ttmB li H& VuU-T1 milling very hard at this biB first cigar, began to feel as if he would do everything and anything in the world to rid himself of one of these Baid ' rational enjoyments.' In short, he was getting qualmish. 'In fact,' continued the Oracle, ' they're all very well for managing the girls, but they don't understand us fellahs, yon know.' Jack made a silent acquiesence. He felt dizzy and sick. The Oracle found that he would have to become the main prop of lbs conversation. Be wae nothing loth. He was a willing Oracle. After some ' knowing ' remarks on things in general, he asked, 'Been to the Bojal ? ?' naming a West End theatre. A mournful shake of the head was the only reply. ' Been to any theatre s' '? Another shake. The Oracle ci-inned. and couched out some of the smoke which had gone into his thr .at. ' Come, that's a good one! Not been to a theatre ! But I suppose yeur mammy wouldn't let you. Ha ! ha 1' Here a gleam of hope lit up the faoe of our sufferer, as he observed that hie cigar was about half burnt. He knew he might now throw it away. Accordingly he did so. That was a relief, but the queer feeling did not likewise vanish. 'Good cigar, eh r' remarked the other. ' Capital, capital !' exclaimed Jack, forcing the ghost of a smile to Me countenance. He could not contain hia agosy much longer : he must go. ' Good-bye,' said he, ' I'd better run home now, or I shall be late for dinner.' 'Goodbye,' answered the Oracle; 'but you must come with me to-night at the Royal ? ; there is a splendid play to be performed.' 'But— but,' stammered poor Jack, ' I don't think my ——' he was going to say 'mother,' but he stopped short, dreading the sarcasm of his Oracle. 'Mammy again, I do believe,' said that gentleman. 'Come, I thought you were above that sort of thing. Do be a man, and meet me at Charing Cross at half-past five. Till then, good-bye. Jack staggered rather than walked home ; and, arrived there, he had to foreo his dinner and lie down. How miserable, as well as ill, did he feel ! In an hour's time he would have to fulfil his reluctant promise, ana present himself at Charing Cross. And not only that, but he would have to grieve his mother still more than he had already done in beginning, boy as he was, after all, to smote. His mother had not long been a widow, and he was her only child. She had none to look to but him, save, indeed, that Friend who is a God to the widow, and would be a Father to the fatherless. And that son, who should have been a comfort to her in her sorrow, was becoming the source of still greater trouble. Tbe time came, and Jack issued from his room, looking pale and miserable. Fearing to tell his mother where he was going, he quietly slipped out, leaving word with old James that he would be home rather late. He found bis companion at Charing Cross, and the; at once set off to the theatre. Bewuaeieo. dv me gorgeous appearance oi me snow, ana tbe novelty of the scene, Jack for a time forgot bis qualms, both mental and bodily, and was in an ecstacy of wonder and delight His admiration of the cleverness of the ' hero ' ef the piece was unbounded— indeed he thought it would be a very fine thing for him if he was such a clever fellow, and could perform such deeds of daring ; although, to be sure, some of hia actions were somewhat unprincipled. The performance over, he was starting off home, when the Oracle said he must insist on having his company with him to supper at the ' Lion Tavern.' After making s feeble excuse, lack yielded ; and excited as he was by the unwonted and unhealthy scenes be had just witnessed, he drank as often as his companion chose, and soon unwittingly became helpless and intoxicated. The Oracle sailed this ''seeing life!' As soon as he perceived his victim's con dition, be called a cab, and tumbling Jack into it head over heels, ordered him to be driven home. I cannot attempt to describe the distress and anguish of ? hfs mother, as her unhappy son was dragged out of the cab and carried up-stairs. 1 know that aft that night she watched at 'her son's bedside, and prayed to God that he would change the heart of the child who was etill bo dear to her. In the morning she bent over him as he woke; but he made no sign of recognition, and cried out for ' water, water .'' Alarmed, ahe Bent for a doctor, who, as soon as he came, said, ' He is in a fever.' Yes ; the reward of disobedience and guilty pleasure had quickly come. The illness, though sharp, eras not a pruti acted one ; and while he was regaining his strength, poor Jack had ample time in which to review the past. He m-u that instead of being a 'man,' he had been making a icol of himself; he had worshipped and copied the iceak nesus of manhood; and in aping manliness he had become sb unmanly as possible. He blushed atthe thought of how ridiculous lie muet have appeared in the eyes of sensible people; he resolved to bo nunself once more, and cut the acquaintance of the 'set.' 'With God's help,' Baid he, ' 1 mean in future to be a dutiful son to my mother, and not listen to the senseleES sneers of Bounce and Buck. After all, my%Uar mother is the best friend I have in the world.' Jack— he doesn't mind being called Sack sow— Is able occasionally to take e short walk, and just now I met him in the 6tieet, when he told me all I have been telling you. His face was.no longer screwed found an eye-glass, and his 'cane' had given place to a stout blackthorn, which for I the time he needed. ' ' i 'Ah, Harry, lad!' said he, 'I have thrown aside that miserable switch witb the rest of the senseless fopperies of which 1 used to be so fond. Trouble book proves the wortbleGsnesB of such things.' 'Uy dear Jack,' Iexclaimed, ' you are more of a man now than ever you were.' Boys, have 1 any need to gather for yon the moral of this little anecdote f It is: So not attempt to be men before yonr time. ' Growing up ' is a process not to be hurried, If -? time and tide wait for no man,' neither for him will they increase their pace. The root of this ambition is conceit ; but bear this in mind, that the more yon assume to yourself, the less yon will be thought of by those whose good opinion Ib worUi having. Manhood can never be attained, at the expense of boy hood. The' one should glide naturally Into the other. Remember, too, that there is the growth of the mind. This, to a great extent, dependB upon yourself. Your mental faculties ere talents with which the Great Master has entrusted you. Do not neglect them, These faculties require cultivation and exercise that they may be properly matured. New is the time for it. There is the growth ef the bquI : woe to you if you. neglect it! It ia yours to prepare for eternity ; the soul must ' grow In grace, and in tbe knnwledge of our Lord and Saviour.' Now is tbe time for that.— Tlie Quiver. 