Criokot Monopoly. Dear Bell, — Although I have for somo timo boon a reader . and admirer of your weekly, I havo not hitherto troubled you with any effusion .of mine, Seeing that tho work has usually been carried on by sorao who havo a greater knack of putting their thoughts on paper than 1 havo. However, I think that the time has now arrived when it behoves every member of suburban clubs, who has any love for tho game, to speak his mind; and I am surprised that no man of note has taken up the cudgel ore this to protest against tho course proposed to bo taken by our mutual friends, Messrs. War dill, Kelly, Fowler, and Co., of tho Mel bourno Cricket Club. I confe3s, Sir, that I havo a littlo respect for H1030 geutlenion. I like their play; ? I admiro tho 'Littlo Wonder's' drives and cuts, I appreciate b'owler's exertions to look 'vvristy,' and I join in those outbursts of approval which usually greet any extra ordinary offort on any of their parts, but I object most strongly to their trying it on for their own particular glorification at tho exponsu of other clubs. I demur at being bowled out iu this summary fashion, and I dcclino most positively, as I hope every rricKuter oi uuy uccounc uoes, to bo mado tho convenient plaything of thoso aspiring cricketers. For what, Sir, does their tactics amount to t In the first place, they have placidly ignored that most necessary adjunct to a successful season— namely, a meeting of secretaries to arrango matches; and in the uoxt place, they try to soduee, if possiblo, all promising members of suburban clubs from thoir proper allegiance to play against 'tho chosen' in tho so-called country matches. Now, Sir, I regard it as a very serious mattor, and ono that uffocts tho well being of most clubs, that wo should havo tins meeting of secretaries. Thoso gentlo men who wero., secretaries last season will remember , \vhat a , job it was to ' «ot matches in somo instances during the lattor half of tho season,. and wo all know what an amount of extra labour it would entail if tho mcotiug worb' not to tako place at all this season. Theroforo, I think that a mooting should bo called' -without delay. It is not necessary that wo should bo at tho bow of tho M.C.C. If they chose to throw us ovorboard in this respect, why lot us retaliato by going and doinjr likewise, and then wo will soon see wliioh-wiU first como to tho wall. As regards thoRocond point, I think it even a more serious mattor that tho M. 0.0. should be allowed to alleviato tho best blood of any other club to draw away bright particular stars from facing worthy foes, to achiovo tho rather questionable glory of stumping War dill or bowling Kelly. Wo ought to appeal to tbo individual mombors of our clubs to bo proof against Jkttory and insidious advances, and to teach tho6o gontlemen that oriekot is not yet concontruted i«to tho M.0.0. Why do they not play matohos with other olubs ub of yore ? What do they term ' first class matches V' Does the ghost'of last sea son haunt thorn, and point Bneoringly at tho loug array of dofoats thoroin ; or aro othor olubs too plebeian to be encountered? Why, Sir, ajiart from ivristo'craticalkid-glovoism, thero is scarcoly.a club of any standing that could not raiso a team that would bring tho M.O.O. to their bearings ; andyot, forsooth, they will only. play, iirst-class matches, on then- own ground, at othor clubs' expense On Ihb whole; Miryl think it a great pity that a club in the position thoM.O.C. is^-or, rather, was— should bIiow suoh a potty spirit of solfisjiness and pride. It would bo moro -ecoming, and more in accordance with that brotherly foaling that cricket is by some sup posed to diffuse, if the M.O.C. wero to drop a few of their upstart, aristocratic notions, and join a h'ttle more heartily in communion with othor club', which aro evory.-whit aB good asthey.- If thoynlo' not, ;tho oncri» obvious-*-crickoters in general will bo,*, as ( many already are, disgusted with thom,| and other clubs will act outsido of thorn alto gether;— Yours, respectfully,' i - \ '?! i ! A' MEMBER OP; THE S:Ui CLUB. Melbourne, 30th Soptomber, 1807/ —.,-.. ,-. 