. CANCER AND CONSUMPTION. Professor Andrews, of tbe Chicago Me dical College, bas deduced some suggestive generalisations from examination of tbe cen sus statistics of mortality, relative to these two dreaded, and as it seems in some way related, inheritances. Tbey appear to co incide remarkably in their favourite haunts; following very nearly alke the two conditions of latitude and proximity to the seaboard, especially the Atlantic. New Mexico has least of both diseases. Vermont takes the lead in cancer (1 in 40 deaths), and in con sumption is second only to New Hampshire and Maine, which are respectively second and third in tbe former disease. The New England States stand foremost in both classes, followed closely by the middle states and Ohio. The western states come next in consumption, quite regularly. As nearly all these states are to a great extent colonies from New England, and tbe diseases are both hereditary, tbe true coincidence is per haps rather congenital than climatic. The cold eastern seaboard, which so obviously generates consumption, is probably tbe parent also of the more mysterious cancer. Dr. T» W. Cooke, of London, remarks, in bis work upon cancer, that a certain class of tumors which are liable to become cancerous usually . occur in persons predisposed to consumption, and that by diligent enquiry he has found that most cancerous patients, not hereditarily such, are of more or less consumptive fami lies, and are liable to transmit consumption to their families. The Tomahawk and the Prince of Wales.—The following paragraph is taken from the ' Home New^:—" "I'll Follow Thee!' is the designation of a cartoon in a late number of the * Tomahawk.* It repre sents the Prince of Wales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding bim back from pursuing the ghost of George IV., to whom the Prince is saying, ' I'll follow Thee!' The inference is obvious, and the publication of such a picture is surely a sign of the times; for the ' Tomahawk' (says the Flaneur in the ' Star") is by no means, a low Radical paper. It is another sign of tbe times, which will probably have been noticed by those whose inclination or whose duty prompts their attendance at pub lic dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of enthusiasm, is now received with comparative coldness, the mention of the name of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sym pathy and personal attachment. Qui vivra verra.* " Silver bricks are thrown on the stage to 'favourite actresses in Nevada. A capital story is told of the ex-Chief Baron Pollock. Some one who wished the Baron to resign •waited on him, and hinted at his resignation, and suggested it for his own sake, entirely with a view to the pro longation of bis valued life, and so forth. The old man rose, and said, with his grim, dry gravity—" Will you dance with me?" The guest stood aghast as the Lord Chief I Baron, who prides himself particularly upon . his legs, began to caper about with a certain ! yontblike vivacity. Seeing his visitor stand- j ing surprised, be capered up to him, and j said " Well, if you won't dance with me, I will you box with me?" And with that he squared up to him, and half in jest, half in j earnest, fairly boxed him out of the room. The old Chief Baron bad no more visitors anxiously enquiring after his health and j courteously suggesting retirement. The Lord Chief Baron was prone to the expression or j strong general views, which be conveyed in j a manner eminently characteristic, with an j idiomatic vigour and originality almost i amusing. " If," said he, on one occasion, I " every man were to take advantage on every occasion to have ' the law' of his neighbour, 1 life would not be long enough for the litiga tion which would result. All flesh and blood would be turned into plaintiffs and de- j fendants." . ! One evening lately a young man named | Johnson, groom to Mr. T. Vaughan, of Gun nergate House, Middiesborough, rode away from the Darlington Station a mare which had just been purchased in London for 100 guineas, and with two others had been sent on to Darlington for the Middleton One-Row j stud. Soon after leaving the station the mare started off, and passing two other grooms leading other horses, and a number of people who endeavoured, but ineffectually, to turn her, instead of taking the road lead ing to the town she leapt a wall four or five feet high, facing at right angles, and fell a depth into the road beneath of from 20 to SO feet. The mare, which fell in the centre of the road, was killed on the spot, but the man, who was thrown three or four yards further to the kerbstone at the opposite side, miraculous to say, is alive, and though seri ously injured, having sustained a compound fracture of the thigh, cuts on the head, and bruises on other parts of the body, was thought likely to retover. • At the Mansion House, recently, William John Hurst, of Hawkhurst Lodge, Lower Sydenham, was charged on remand with embezzling divers sums of money to the amount of nearly £13,000. The prisoner was a confidential clerk in the bouse of Messrs. Elwyn and Seymour, 38, Throg morton-street, and had been so for seven years, at a salary of £300 a year. In June, 1866, his defalcations were discovered, and a warrant was taken out against him. He lately returned to London, and on being ap prehended affirmed that Mr. Seymour had settled the affair, and had taken £2000 for that purpose. It was explained that when that was done the prisoner had expressly declared that there had been no defalcations before a given date, but on the books being investigated the larger sum was found to be missing. Evidence was given as to the alleged embezzlement of several sums. The prisoner was remanded. One of the chief reasons for delaying a war between France and Prussia is said to be the effort each is making to get the alliance of Italy. Prussia conjures in the name of Sadowa and Venetia. France, too, appeals to Venetia, and adds Lombardy and the uni fication of the nation generally. The cause of the expected war is not very clear. Den mark has refused to comply with the de mands of Prussia as to guarantees for the protection of Germans in North Scbleswig, and insists that the obligations of Article 5 of the Treaty of Prague shall be fulfilled. Prince Napoleon's visit to Copenhagen is be lieved to have something to do with this affair, and Paris gossips insist that it will become the cause of war. At St. Quentiu, France, two ostriches were recently being exhibited, the showman always warning visitors to take care of their jewellery. Lately one of the spectators, with a gold chain banging from his pocket, did not think it necessary to attend to the warning; but to his dismay one of the ostriches suddenly caught the chain, dragged it, with the watch to which it was attached, from the pocket, and swallowed both. The man clamorously demanded from the show man the value of the watch and chain; and the commissary of police decided that he should pay 40 francs damages. A curious process of obtaining payment of a debtoccurred recently atan amateur" people s theatre in Berlin. Two great Berlin elegants were present, and one of them thought fit to quiz the people and t*>e performers, when a sturdy shoemaker went up to bim, and, amidst ge neral hilarity, demanded payment for the boots the dandy was wearing—7s. od. He promised payment tbe next day. "No, was the reply, " that game has been too often tried on, I will at least have my boots." And wi'h tbe aid of another man tbe boots were drawn off the Berlin swell, and he was told to go home—to enable bim to do which, five groscbens (6d.) were pre sented to bim. Large-numbers of Mexican refugees were arriving at Texas. Gen. Santa Anna was shot at Sisal on the 25tb June. Juarez had decided that all who bad served in tbe Im perial army should be deprived of the right of Mexican citizenship until rehabilitated by the general Government. Colonels to be imprisoned for six years, lieutenants^ five, and captains two years; all foreign privates to be banished, and Imperial Generals and prominent civil officers to be tried for high treason. . Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild, whose young wife died in childbirth a few months ago, has determined to found an hospital to her memory. Dirett action to this end has already been taken; and a site for tbe pro jected building has been purchased on the east side of Southwark Bridge road. The establishment will be a lying-in hospital. It is the baron's intention to spend £10,000 on the building; the site costs probably as much more. _ At the Glassop Police Court, Henry Asb ton was committed for trial on the charge of passing light sovereigns. When taken into custodyjI6 light sovereigns were found upon him, and other sovereigns and silver amount ing to £37. At his mother's house about three-quarters of an ounce of gold filings were found, as well as a file, a wire cutter, razor blade, &c.; The prisoner freely showed the police how he had used the tools. Three murderers were recently executed at Cincinnati, Ohio. Among them tfas a lad named Case, who, according to the statement of his family, was only 15. This youth laughed and danced on the scaffold, and just before the rope was adjusted ex claimed, " Hurry up—I want to make the two o'clock traiD 1" A man named Frank B. Fisher, an ex army officer, committed suicide recently, by shooting himself through the head, in the club-room No. 5 in the second storey of Knox's Buildings, on Broadway and Fulton street. He left a card on which were the words, "Cause: Demoralised by playing faro."—* New York Herald." While unseen by each other, at a Rich mond auction room, husband and wife ran up an article from five to thirteen dollars. j The wife won. -American paper. 