The Corporation and the Blues. To MR: PUNCH. Sir.—Oh! Satire! thou art a bitter draught, but it has done me good, yet I can never forgive the physician who administered it." Such was the language of an irascible old gentleman who wrote in German text, in days when trunk hose were in fashion. It would not do to attempt to satime our present Municipal Council. Its members are gentlemen par excellence, in the commission of the peace, ana they could not commit an offence against good citizenship, likely to call forth the censure of anybody in the community save and except the ever blues, who breakfast, dine, and sup upon cold water, but who sometimes attempt to heat^themselves to something stronger c on the sly.' Men who would do this, and refuse their wives a bottle of wine, are not entitled to citizenship, and should be struck oif the Electoral Roll, however well they may conduct themselves, or whatever amount of taxation they may pay. _ They are political heretics, and should be treated as such. As our municipal laws will not sanction an auto de fe, it is the duty of an alderman (who has a seat in parliament, and who is one of the noble defenders of our country, that is to say, ' jolly dog',) to gibbet them as a set of rascals, who are a constant drain upon our expensive waterworks, and who contribute so sparingly to the general revenue. Our Aldermen are not only in the commission of the peace, but they must necessarily be deeply learned in the law. In fact, they have a legal college at their back. To say nothing of standing counsel, solicitor, and towa clerk, their learned professor, who is at the head of the police department, is a host in himself, capable of instructing them and the citizens at large, on the nature of their duties and their privileges. It must be very satisfactory to the respectable citizens of Iiobartou, to know that they can dispense with the Police, now that they are complaining of the pressure of the times, and that the central Government is anxious about retrenchment. To ill informed persons, it is well for them to know that laws made or enforced at a time when the colony was in more prosperous circumstances are become obsolete, and it would be dirty work for Magistrates to attempt to act upon them. From the learned opinion given to the Municipal Council by the Chief of Police, who is evidently a great authority, the most respectable citizen is not only eligible to be a thief taker, but to be a common informer, and can enjoy the happy privilege of bearing the expense of any prosecution he may attempt to institute against the wrong doer. All this is admirable. Such admissions are worthy of a Council whose transactions are so regular and orderly, that although a dismissed officer neglected to execute certain orders some time since, and notwithstanding this omission, the said orders were executed by some of the public servants of the porporation, or by their ghosts, and the money on such orders received and receipts given, yet they have been issued afresh, and threats held out against the parties who refused to pay a second time. The Aldermen have been scandalized, because the public came to hear of any such transactions. The officers of the Corporation are we are told, well paid, and like Ceesar's wife, above suspicion, and an Alderman who hears any report*to their disadvantage, and who does not regard the worthy Mayor in the light of Grand Inquisitor, aud report the matter to him, desreves to be snubbed by his brother Aldermen. I remain, Sir. Punch, Your obedient Servant, and a lover of the Gentlemen who constitute our ever verdant Council. JOHN BROWN. 