THE DAYLESFORD ARSON CASE. from our melbourne correspondent. The venue question in the Daylesford arson ease has assumed important proportions.involving as it does to some extent the right of the subject aud the powers of the Attorney-General as the representative of the home institution of the grand jury. This morning the case was again argued in the Supreme Court, Messrs Hartley and Aspinall supporting the rule calling upon the Attorney- General to show cause why the trial ofHartley, Patterson, and Carringham, should not take place at Castlemaine or Sand hurst. Mr C. A. Smyth showed cause, relying upon the affidavits of Thomas Walker, detective otficer, which showed that a fair trial could not be had in Castlemaine. His Honor the Chief Justice referred to the case of Lang, where the offence occurred at Ballarat and in spite of every preventive measure used the venue was changed to Melbourne. The Supreme Court, he ob served, had jurisdiction throughout Victoria, and the Circuit Court jurisdiction could not oust that of the Supreme Court. Mr Martley argued that a mau ought to be tried locally, so as to have the beuefit of his character, whereas in this the venue was to be changed upon the statement of Thomas Walker that the prisoners were of such unimpeachable character iu their own locality that the Crown would not have a ghost of a chance of a convic tion there, and that therefore it would be better to take them down to Melbourne, where perhaps some of the jury might be shareholders iu in surance companies, and might be biassed by fear of future civil actions. Mr Martley argued that Circuit Courts were courts of record for the purpose of trying crime occurring in the dis trict, and surely his clients should not be pun ished for happening to have a reputation in the district, and to be deemed respectable " because he had some brothers who had beeu made Js.P. by the present Minister of J uslice or some other, and were respectable in spite of that." If, he said, the court could be persuaded by affi davits or otherwise that Castlemaine was perjured and unfaithful to a man, surely that would not apply to Sandhurst. The change of venue was virtually taking away the right of challenge, as no one would know from their per sonal knowledge what were the biasses of the jurymen called. Beside there was the injustice of making the prisoners bring down their 17 rknesses and keeping them here at a great ex- peiise. The Court, after retirement for delibera- tioin, refused to make the rule absolute to change venue, so the trial will therefore take place at next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court in Melbourne, ou loth April. The following notices of motion were tabled in fne Legislative Assembly last evening : — By Mr V heeler : To call the attention of the lion, the Commissioner of Railways % aud Roads to the amount that lapsed out of the vote of £50,000 last year for bridges within Boroughs, Shires, and Koad Districts, and to ask if it is the intention of the Government to bring down a sum upon an ad ditional estimate to enable local bodies to avail themselves of the amounts so apportioned in the schedule to carry out the works during this year. Mr Kyte : To move for the sum of £500 to be placed ou an additional estimate for this year, for the purpose of recouping Mr Summers for the loss sustained by him in the erection of Burke and Wills' monument. Mr Dyte : To move that there be laid upon the table of the House a copy of any agree ment that might be in existence relative to the conveyance of gold on the railways. We are compelled to hold over our Parliamentary report and the greater portion of our Melbourne correspondent's letter. 