INcIE:ASE. orF I IN TItE AIMY.-The royal warrant issued on the 2nd July con. tains the following passago with regard to an increase on the present pay of the soldior: \--"Whereas we have been pleased to take into our consideration the best means of improving the condition of the non.com. missionod otlicers and soldiers and those regiments and corps of our army which are liable to sersico in nll parts of the world, and also of encouraging recruiting for our regiments of the line: And whereas it has booeen represonted to us that this end may most effectually be attainod by the grant of an increase to the existing rates of pay as fixed by our royal warrant of the 3rd of February, 18i6: Our will and pleasure, therefore, is that the pay of all ranks of non.commissioned officers and private mnon of our regiments and corps nftermentioned-that is to say, foot guards, cavalry, anti infantry of thi line, ]loynl Artillery, Rloyal Engineers, Military Train, Rloyal Canadian illo RIegiment, cavalry doepts, and depot battalions, recruit. ing districts, schools of gunnery and muskotry, departmental corps, beo, from and after tho lest day of April aInst, increased by an addition of twoponce a day to the soeveral rates of daily pay assigned to them by our said warrant. The warrant also says: " It is our further will and pleasure that, as a special inducement to soldiers to re-engage for a second period of service in our army, a further addlition of Id. a day be, from and after the Ist day of April last, made to the pay of all men who hare completod, or who shall have completed, a first period of limlted service, and shall now or hereafter be sere. nag in any corps or regiment in our serrice, except in colonial corps other than the Can. adian Rifles," WVmo Is nrst IImn.-Amongst the fashionable announcements last welek there appeared the notice "that the Mfarchioness of Dath had been safely delivered of twins, a son and a daughter." The birth of the former of these infants is said to salvo a question of some importance to the Thynno family. It appears that the late Mr. Rot. field, formerly member for Ludlow, con. sidored himself mainly Indebted for his great . rise in life to the good otffces of that house, the hoead of which is the Marquis of ]lath. Accordingly, by his will he bequeathed his largo estates-after the death of his widow, to whom they were secured for her life-to the second son of the Marquis of llath, At that timo the Marquis had only one son, and consequently a curious question nroso In case the widow were to die-as to what would become of thu estates and the nccumu fated rents, between that decease and the death of the Marquis, sooing that until he were dead, It would be possible that he might have a second son. Evon now a very awkward contingency may arise, and one not unlikely to give cause to some litigation hereafter. The Marquis may. of course, have three or four more sons. But this one just born-and the first in the reversion of the estates-may marry, and having a family, may bring them up in expectation of hirs ucceedling to the property. But if he should happen to die one single day before the decease of the testator's widow, his next brother, and not his children, would take his Iace in the rever ion: That brother ewould then be the second son of the Marquis of Ilhth; and as there was no seconl son at all bourn at the date of the will, it cannot, of course, le plea'ded that any particular in lividual was intended to inherit. .\Aording to the terms of the clause, it is believel that whoever happens at the de cease of the widow to be the second surviv. ing son of the .Marquis, will succeed to the property, and it is supposed. that this was the intention of the testator, in order that the estate might pass-at least in the first instance-to an heir male, whereas, had it been otherwise, an heiress of the first in re version might have become entitled to them. The property in question is supposed to be worth about fourteen thousand a year. Whatever was the weakness of Mfaxi. milian's political position in Mexico, there can be no question that he had obtained a hold on the affections of the Mexican Indians. The Christianity of this class, who of course form the immense majority of the popula. tion of Mexico, is ofa very crude and unde veloped kind, and indeed it is very doubtful whether in some parts of the country it has ever really eradicated the old religion. But it is quite certain that it has not eradicated the old superstition. Just as many Pagan feasts in southern Italy have been converted into Christian feasts by mere change of name, so has the Christianity of the Mexicans been grafted on to their old belief and super. stition!, and although they may not quite have believed that the arrival of the Em. peror Maximilian was really the fulfilment of the long.promised second advent of their god Quetzalcoatle, yet he nevertheless had a white face and a yellow beard, and came from the west in a ship, and was of an illustrious descent, and there is no doubt of the fact that the Mexican Indians received him with open arms, and with a more or less superstitious veneration, looking to him for the regeneration of their country and for a release from the domination of the Spanish creoles. Lopez had received many favours from the EImperor, and only some twelve or fifteen months ago Maximilian stood god. father to his first child. His treachery, therefore, will raise the utmost indignation among Maximilian's native partisans, and in a country whero !human life is held so cheap there can be little doubt that unless Lopez escapes to some foreign country lihe will, sooner or later, either with or without legal formalities, meet the fate that he deserves. A RArr VoYAGE TO EcnorE.--Tho suc-. cessful voyage across the Atlantic by the Riod, White, and Illue, and the yachts in tile ocean race, has induced another adven turer to attempt the transit. The journey is to be undertaken on one of Perry's Monitor rafts, now on exhibition in this city. This raft is constructed of three air. tighllt cylinders encased in heavy RIussia duck-cloth, each twenty-five feet in length by trelveo and one-half uwide. When blown up these bags are connected by a ligcht framework, which also forms the deck. The raft is schooner-rigged with a lug-sail for ward, mainsail aft, and jib. Cabin there is none, the only protection for the passengers being a emall waterproof tent, rigged amid. ships. Cnltain Mikee with two companions constitute the complement of men, and the oxpedition is to start about trhe middle of the present month, bound for Paris and the e?xposition. The raft draws but seven inches of water, and with a fair wind the inventor states that her speed will be from twenty to thirty knots per hour. As a surf. boat the claims of this raft were well tested before the Commissioners of Lifoe-saving Inventions, at Long Branch. Its buoyant capacity is estimated at fourteen thousand pounds, or it will float five hundred and eighty-fivo peoplo on deck and clinging to its sides. The raft is compact and can be stored, wrapped in a tarpaulin, in a space thirteen feet by twenty inches, and can he inflated and launched ready for use in six minurtes. LoNocsr ILthl or Hita Sesstox.-Tho Lord Chancellor's bill for repealing statutes which have become obsolete, spent, or superseded, weighs nearly 2 lb., and fills two hundred and forty-two folio pages. This instalment of the expurgation of the statute-book ex tends from the 1st of William and Mary to the 10th of Gcorga III.-Tinles. A correspondent of the Army and Navy Journal of Now York complains loudly of the thieving and dishonesty of the United States regulars. lHo says there is not a com prany in which thero are not fifteen or twenty moen who, if not thieves and dishonest, do not reprove theft and dishonesty. Many. men havo £3 to £5 worth of clothes stolen from them In a short time. A friend remarked the other dlay that there was a storm brewing. " Wlhat kind of a storm do you thinlk it will boe?" " Well, I think a 'nil stormr." Supposloing Anak to be, as he Is stated, the tallest man living,; why is he like a daily contemporary ? Ilecauseo lie must have the largest circulation in the world.-Fun. A lady who is opposed to having lwhist Iplayedl in her hlouse, recently sent out invita tlions for a social party, and lest there should be some mistake, sel added, "no cards." idsrnatom.-Dr. lambosson lhas proe sented at thie French Academy of Sciences a curious papler on the effects whi!ch different kinds of food produce on the nervous systenm. For many years past the writer had been making experiments upon hlimself by living entirely, for several days consecutively, upon the single element hre wished to test, and oven occasionally by remaining nearly forty hlours without any food except a little gum. Thie conclusions hie caume to from his texplerl. inents were o:--l. That certarln articles ot food exerciso a special nction on thie motor, and others on the sonsory system of nerves. 2. That the former particularly lnfluence tihe Intellect, and thie Iitter thIe feelings, and that there are soens substances thatinfluence both systems, anth, therefore, both tihe lntel. loct annd the foolingse. T'hus, lhaving tried rsolfeie fter thie trahining above described, hIo found that if Ihe took a certain quantlty of it very strong, a great chango gradually came over Im. IIls feelings were umbed, annd his intellectual facurlties becames wonderfilly active, lie ceased to be communicative, was cold and peevish, and In short he acquired a disposition contrary to his natural one, his mind being constantly at work in spite of himself. When he remained long in this state, his intellect was unable to pro duce connected thought, but was agitated; his sleep would be disturbed, and his pulse would fall. Ily the use of a little food with good wine tranquillity was soon restored; and if he then read what he had written in a former state, he was quito astonished at the peculiarity of the ideas expressed, although they appeared perfectly natural to him when they were first committed to paper. \'ine, on the contrary, taken when the sTstem was reduced by diet, and even in such small quantities as not to produce in. toxication, rather obscured the intellectual faculties, and made him feel embarrassed about the slightest things, and fear lest he should offend. Yet it prompted him to freely utter any bad thoughts that entered his mind. These effects, described by one who had brought himself into an abnormal state, are certainly not such as follow the use of these beverages in connexion with the regular allotment of food; but they demon. strate that the too free use of any substance which acts only on a part of the system may tend to derange the functions of a naturally well.balanced organism. fMAtIMILtA." TO BE lrrxED o.-Senor Martin de Castillo, late minister of foreign affairs of the Mexican empire, now residing in Spain, has challenged Juarez to single combat, and has pullished the challenge in the Spanish papers. 3f. do Castillo con. cludes his letter by pledging his faith as a gentleman to start for Mexico in order to bring the duel to an issue immediately he receives from J'uarez a sufficient guarantee that he will not be assassinated the moment he gets there. Blrrox.noLts Y 3fAcItmERnY.-Just as we are getting familiarised with the triumphs of the sewing-machine, the genius of inven tion has made another success in the same department. Button- holes can now be made complete by machinery. Thoestitch is ofex. nctly the same appearance as the present button.hole stitch, but with this advantage that the under side is as neat and regular as the upper side. Competent judges in the tailoring trade consider it fully equal to hand work in strength, and it is apparent to all that it equals it in neatness. One machine is said to be able to do all the work for a shop where one hundred men are employed. A tedious and monotonous part of the jour. neyman tailor's work can thus be entirely escaped, and it is said that the really labori. otis part of his business, that of pressing, will soon be considerably lessened, if not entirely abolished, for a pressing.machine is nearly perfected. If this is so the only obstacle to the trade passing altogether into the hands of females is iemoved. The strike in London, and the unsettled state of the trade throughout the country, will attract the attention of employers of labour to these two inventions, and doubtless lead to their general adoption much sooner than they otherwise would in less agitating times. The longer we live the shorter does time appear. The theory of this we take to be as follows :-The old are more familiar with time than the young; they have passed through a greater portion of it, and by thus becoming habituated to its progression think less of any given quantity. A year is a great period to a fhild, because, compared with its provious existence, it embraces a long era; to the aged it is as nothing. A person accustomed to walk forty miles a day thinks little of ten. Another, whose diurnal walk does not exceed three, con ceives ten a formidable task. To illustrate the point still further :-To a poor man, a ten.dollar bill is a great deal of money; to a rich one, fifty times that sum is comparae tively nothing. The same law holds with regard to the estimate of time by the young, who have had little of it, and by the old, who have had much.-American paper. An impertinent fellow asked a gentleman at a publio gathering why he had shaved off his side whiskers, and was answered, that to meet some men he required more cheek. Ovn "MUTrV".You.ALL FnIE-tD. -ThO Undertaker I-Fun. A country paper in Wisconsin says that the legislature of that state adjourned non conmpos. This Is about as bad as the state ment made by the chairman of a meeting held in Byron Hall, Chicago, about six years ago, declaring a certain resolution passed crim,. con. "have you not mistaken the pew, sir ?" blandly said a Sunday Chesterloeld to a stranger who entered it. "I beg pardon," said the intruder, rising to go out, "I fear I have; I took it for a Christian's." A friend asked a pretty child of six years old, "which do you love best, your cat or your doll?" The little girl thought some time before answering, and then whispered in the ear of the questioner, "I love my cat best, but please don't tell my doll." ELOwuxxa.-A Yankee orator, warming with his subject, exclaimed, "I guess there nin't a man, woman, or child in the house, who lhas arrived at the ago of fifty years, but what lhas felt this truth thundering through their minds for centuries." An American paper gives the following reasons for not publising a poetic effusion -"The rhythm sounds like pumpkins rolling over a barn floor, while some linoes appear to havo been measured with a yard stick, and others with a ten.foot pole." The Rev. fRowland Hill once said, on observing some persons enter his chapel to avoid the rahit that was falling, "many persons are to be blamed for making their religion a cloak; but I do not think those much better who make it an umbrella." Soon after the death of Wordsworth, a man met a farmer of the neighbourhood, and said to him:-" You have had a great loss,' "VWhat loss?" "W1hy you have lost a great poet." "Ohl ny, said the farmer, "ho is dead, but I hey no douht his wifo'll carry on the business and make it as profitable as iver it was." During a trial at Stafford, Mfr. IIuddle stonle, whilst pleading, was suddenly seized with a bleeding at the nose, Baron Alderson instantly complimented the learned counsel's client upon the fact, saylng, "you are a lucky follow; your advocate bloods In your Cau0,. The lor. Mr. Johnstono was one of those rough but quaint proachers of the former generation who weore fond of visiting and good living. While seated at the table of a lady In a neighbourlng parish, she naked him If hlie took milk in his tea. "Yes, ma'nm, when I can't got cream," was the ready reply,. A lad who had lately gone to service,! having had salad served up at dinner every day for asweek, ran away. When asked why le had left his place, he replied, "they made me yeat grass t' th' summer, an' I wur afeard they'd mak' me yeat hay i' ll' winter, an' I could no' stand that, so I wur off." At a penny reading lately, a gentleman reading rather badly the audience hissed. The chairman, seeking to preserve quietness, remarked, "don't you know the only ani. msals that hiss are geese." "Faith,' said an Irishman, "Its speaking to him In his own language we were." Ton Goon OLD Txues.-Tho old times were not good times, at least, for servants. The following deed is recorded in Pepy's Diary as rather commendable than other. wise:-" December 2, 1680. This morning observing some things to be laid up not as they should be by my girl, I took a broom and basted her till she cried exceedingly." During a recent trial, among the witnesses was as verdant a specimen of humanity as one would wish to meet with. After a severe cross-examination the counsel for the government paused, and then putting on a look of 'severity, with an ominous shake of the head, exclaimed, " Mr. Witness, has not an effort been made to induce you to tell a different story ?" " A different story from what I have told?" "That is what I mean." "Yes, sir; several persons have tried to get me to tell a different story from what I have told, but they couldn't." "Now sir, upon your oath, I wish to know who these persons are." "Wall, I guess, you've tried 'bout as hard as any of them." The witness was dismissed, while the judge, jury, and spectators indulged in a hearty laugh. American Paper. A Scorcelsns's VIEW oF AnAar.-Thera must have been some curious specimens of Scottish humour brought out at the exami. nations or catechisings by ministers of the flock before the administration of the coinm. munion. Thus, with reference to human nature before the fall, a man was asked "what kind of man was Adam?"-" Ou, just like ither folk." The minister insisted on having a more special description of the first man, and pressed for more explanation. "Weel," said the catechumen, " he was just like Joe Simpson, the horse- couper." l How so?" asked the minister. " Weel, naebody got onytbing by him, and mony lost." A MATn or BllcsiEss.-A gentleman was in treaty with a horseodealer (who died the other day) for the purchase of a mare, but could not agree upon the price. Next morn. ing, however, making up his mind to offer to split the difference, he posted off to the yard, when the first person he met was the groom. " Master up, Joe?" said lihe. "No; master be dead," said Joo; "but he left word you're to have the mare." One of the pleasantest incidents of the French court stage occurred when the Em. peror Napoleon jokingly hissed the Empress Josephine, who was acting a little operatic part in the theatre in the palace at St. Cloud. She demurely stepped forward, and remarked that any one of the audience who was die. satisfied with the performance might retire, and have his money returned to him at the doors. The consequent laughter was uproari. ous. There used to be a story current among Winchester boys to the effect that in old 'Dr. Ilungerford's days the boys on the foundation were not allowed potatoes as a portion of the college diet. On representing the hardship of the case to the doctor, Ite replied that if it had been good for the boys to have potatoes, they would have been pro. vided for by the original founder of the school. When it was suggested to him that potatoes were not known in England until the discovery of America, he remarked that this entirely altered the state of the case, and from that time forth potatoes were per. mitted, The United Presbyterian Synod has just been holding a meeting on the sub. ject of the use of organs in churches, at which one of the speakers used an argument which at once recalled the admirable reason ing of the Winchester sane on the great potato question. One Mr. Roberts protested vehemently against the introduction of the abominable instrument, on the ground that it was not used in the worship of the early Christians, and that if its use had been desirable the Holy Spirit would have inspired some Christian artiticer with the requisite knowledge and skill for organ.building. " Would any one say,'" he exclaimed, "that the wisdom of God was incompetent to teach the carpenters and those who preached the Gospel throughout the wide world to erect organs if lie had wanted them?" This reasoning, as we learn from the newspaper report of the debate, was received with loud and repeated laughter. And a subsequent speaker reminded Mr. Roberts and those who agreed with him that they had already got a musical instrument in Presbyterian churches, in the shape of a tuning-fork to regulate the pitch of the voices for singing. Another speaker further remarked that, inasmuch as the early Chistians had no churches at all to pray in, it was obvious that they could not introduce organs into them. The debate altogether seems to have been peculiarly lively, and for a clerical assemblage almost instructive and ente? taining, and certainly so in comparison with the discussions of our English Convocation. Nevertheless a large majority rejicted the memorial whilch prayed for the toleration of organs. By two hundred and thilrty.two votes against one hundred and thlrty.six, the synod proved to the world that it is not alond in the matter of jokes that a surgical operation is required for the enlightenment of Scotchmen. A REnruTEn Cnae ron FRnnrztAis.--aMr. G. E. Gaskell, of Melbourne, gives the fol lowing as a cure for rhoumatlo pains, and makes it publio through the columns of the Australasian :--A pair of inner soles, to be worn next the naked feet, and to be made of nino and copper-the too portion of the sole to be of zing and the heel portion of copper 'for the one foot, and thie Ilheel portion of zinc and too portion of copper for the other foot. The metals must overlap at the joint. Of course, one cannot comfortably walk with those solos, but they may be worn when standing or sitting, and also at night in beod. I speak from experlenco when I assert that the effect is remarkably beneficial. N.B. The metal shoes must be kept perfectly bright and clear. LAnDY E.zAETHr,-T.lls clipping filly has up to and including yesterday, won eleven races, beoing, in fact, all she has started for, and the amount won by her in stakes is £8165. The performances of Achieovement were last season regarded as extraordinary; but the Marquis of Hastings' mare far eclipses Colonel Pearson's, the latter, up to the close of the July meeting last year, hav. lug won but seven races, of the aggregate value of £GO52.-Sporting Life. GoL AND SILvEn COINAOE or EvnorE. Prince Napoleon is to be president of the congress which is to be assembled in Paris for the purpose of firing a uniform standard of gold and silver coinage in Europe. Panama Star and Herald. A FACETIors Jrt'cD.-A mirth.loving judge, Justice Powell, could be as thoroughly humourous in private lifo as lie was fearless and just upon the bench. Swift describes him as a surprisingly merry old gentleman laughing heartily at all comic things, and at his own droll stories more than aught else. In court he could not always refrain from jocularity. For instance, when he tried Jane Wenham for witchcraft, and she assured him that she could fly, his eye twinkled as he answered, "well, then, you may; there is no law against flying." When Fowler, Bishop of Gloucester-a thorough believer in what is now.a.days called spiritualism-was persecuting his acquaintance with silly stories about ghosts, Powell gave him a telling reproof for his credulity by describing a horrible aprjarition which was represented as having disturbed the narrator's rest on a previous night. At the hour of midnight, as the clocks were striking twelve, the judge was roused from his first slumber by a hideous sound. Starting up, lie saw at the foot of his uncompanioned bed a figure-dark, gloomy, terrible, holding before its grim and reo pulsive visago a lamp that shed an uncertain light. "May heaven have mercy on us I" tremulously ejaculated the bishop at this part of the story. The judge continued his story:-"Be calm, my lord bishop; be calm. The awful part of this mysterious interview has still to be told. Nerving my. self to fashion the words of inquiry, I addressed the nocturnal visitor thus 'strange being, why hast thou come at this still hour to perturb a sinful mortal?' You understand, my lord, I said this in hollow tones-in what I may almost term a sepulch. ral voice." "Ay, ay," said the bislop, "I implore you to go on. What did it answer?" "It answered, in a voice not greatly different from the voice of a human creature, 'please, sir, I am the watchman on beat, and your street.dooris open.' "--Dook about Lawyers. INTENXE UIEAT.-AS an indication of the state of the thermometer on Sunday last, it was observed that a lady in one of the West-end churches sat during the whole of the sermon with an immense sun-shade over her. HIILontLA? SUGEnsTrrrTos.-Tho Inver. ness Courier, referring to several instances of superstition which have been recently mentioned in its columns, says :-" Much akin to our late stories was an occurrence which happened within a year or so to parties in a glen not many miles distant from Inverness. A man, who was supposed to be bewitched, by reason of his becoming bewildered and excited by the bad conduct of his wife, was sent to consult a wise woman in our northern metropolis. After extract. ing a pound note from him, she thought it right that another fee of the same amount should be conferred on her friend Willox, to whom a messenger was at once despatched with the money, and to explain the case. He came back with a bottle or two of Spey water, stained by the warlock, which was drunk or otherwise used, acoompanied with profane incantations; but with what success our readers may easily judge. The account in our last number of the parings of an epileptic patient being buried in the earth with a cock (we fear it is often a living bird), we believe to be quite true, and to be a remnant of an ancient Pagan custom, handed down from the times of the Romans, and to be only paralleled by what took place only a few years ago in a part of Moray. shire, where it is well authenticated that a living bullock or cow was burnt alive, with the view of stopping an epidemic among cattle. It is time really that something was done to wipe out this disgrace on our day and country." ExcrIsxo ScENE AT TlE ZOOLOGICAL GAnDExs.-On Friday a scene of a most ex. citing nature occurred at the Zoological Gardens, Regent's Park. It appears that a countrymaoi, while looking at the bears, ac. cidentally dropped his hat into the pit, and, to recover it, had the foolhardiness to descend the pit. As soon as he got to the bottom he was seized by one of the bears, and immediately two others came from their cave and also seized him, and began drag. ging him towards it. Some sticks were thrown to him by the excitedlookers-on; but fortunately one of the keepers went to the man's assistance and succeeded in setting him free. An Ohio paper tells a novel story. A young couple planned an elopement, the girl descending from her room upon the traditional ladder; but at the gate they were met by the father of the girl and a minister, by whom the young couple were escorted to the parlour, where to their surprise they found all their relatives collected for the marriage ceremony, which took place at once. It was a neat paternal freak. On Wednesday one of our countrymen, wishing to enter the Temple of Peace in the Champ do Mars, knocked down a French. man on guard at the gate. It appears that tile guard was tipsy, and very insolently forbade the Englishman's wife to enter by the gate in question, which was reserved for men alone. The Frenchman received "one of those pretty blows withthe fist of which the English have the monopoly." The lady fatntod.-L'aris Letter. A Limburg farmer, who keeps upwards of two thousand fowls, boells down for them every week two or three horses; the broth he gives to his pigs, which thrive well upon it; the meat Is mixed up and given to the fowls, and what remains of the caroases is sold to be made into lampblack. The eggs of fowls thus fed are sold for the Englishl market at six centimes each, and the fowls) follow their eggs when.they can lay eggs no more. This may account for the strong flavour'pocullar to foreign eggs, and for tile toughness of the foreign poultry which reachus thllis country, Our Irish chief, socretary, being the owner of a fine ostrich which some days ngo was safely delivered of an egg, received ti following telegram from his steward :--" My Lord, as your lordship is out of the country I have procured the biggest gooso I could find to sit on the ostrlch's egg." SalInt Wilfred, at. Holywell, has still votaries,' and we are told that a man at Merthyr Tydvil has actually wheeled his wife all the way there, a distance of about two hundred miles, in a wheelbarrow, in order to have her cured of rheumatism at the sacred waters. A gay Lothario of sixty recently married a girl of sixteen, at Portland, Me., and the young woman has presented to her do lighted lord four children at one fell swoop-two girls and two boys. Tuc EFFECTr o SrniKcS.-Mr. T. IIors. field, of Manchester, says:-"I think the following extract from a letter I have just received will be found interesting. 'he writer is a Spanish engineer, who studied his profession for many years in some of the largest machine workshops In Lan cashire, and is now manager of a cele brated iron foundry in the north of Spain, which has been supplied with iron, boilers, shaftings, &e.;, by the firm I am with until within the last two years:-'Do you wonder why we don't order any machinery from England? The reason is simply that machinery to-day Is constructed cheaper and quite as well in France as in England, and we get everything from there. Yes, my friend, don't you build castles in the air, and think, as many of your countrymen do, that there is some. thing in an Englishman superior to any other man. France and Belgium have caught you in the machine line, and will surpass you very soon on account'of your strikes, disputes, and associations. It does not do to be too independent; a workman must always depend upon the master.' " Monuo. IuatoArATro To UrAur.-Not twenty years ago, the Latter-Day Saints were a poor and persecuted sect; now they are a mighty multitude, the owners of an expanding and prosperous territory; the members of an organisation with which even the government of the United States deems it prudent to tempcrise. Yet it was only in May, 1848, that the main body of the sect began their immigration to Utah, and laid the foundations of the. common wealth which they have hitherto been so assiduous in building up. Soon after their settlement on the shores of the Great Salt Lake, an emigration fund was established, together with a well-organised system for the transportation of proselytes from Europe. These proselytes were chiefly drawn from the working classes of England and Wales; but considerable numbers came also from the Scandinavian kingdom, and not a few from Germany, Switzerland, and France every year bringing its contribution to the population of the new born-state, until now its inhabitants exceed one hundred thousand. The latest importation of these sectaries has just taken place. On the 0th instant, there arrived in this port, in the ship Manhattan, and landed at Castle Garden, over four hun dred Mormon emigrants, consisting of labourers, matrons, wives without limita tion, and children in abundance; but more numerous than all these were the well shaped and pretty buxom young maidens, who came out under the care of two mis sionaries, who had been appointed to keep watch and ward over them during their journey to the promised land. Three hun dred and fifty of the saints left New York, on the very day of their arrival, for Chicago and Texas, by the Hudson River Railroad, while the remnant scattered about Jersey City and Williamsburg. All departed from, Castle Garden immediately, after their ex. amination by their registrar, and, as none were in need of situations, none entered the Employment Bureau. Many of these immi grants seemed in comfortable circumstances, particularly those.from Norway, Sweden, and Denmark; but such as came from Eng land and Wales appeared not to be so well off. They had all been sent out by the Mormon agents in Europe, and' looked. healthy and energetic. There were neither births nor marriages during the voyage out,r nor any deaths. The Manhattan made the. trip in twelve days and a half. It is said that a host of their brethren and sisters are I on their way hither per steamer, to arrive; soon.-N. Y. Tribune. DBAROETRICAL.-IDraper: "Light summer dress? Yes m'm. Sold a great many the last few days, mn'm, the weather havin' risen from French merinos to grenadines I" MARRY NOT FOR MONEY.-" John," said' a Quaker to a young friend, "I hear thou: art going to be married." "Yes," replied John, "I am." " Well," replied the man of drab, "I have one little piece of advice to give thee, and that is, never to marry a' woman worth more than thou art. When I married mny wife, I was worth just fifty shillings and she was worth sixty-two, and whenever any difference has occurred be. tween us since, she has always shaken the odd shillings in my face." 