CAPITAL, PUNISHMENT. I TO THE EDITOR OP THE RMPlnS. Sir,-It ia uot very surprising that, ou a quostion involving suoh mouiiratous issues ns do tho naluro und tß'eots of our criminal code, mell diversity of opinion flhoul 1 ho found to oxist among tho few who havo honestly stutjied tho subject in all its bearings. Uf course among tho many who bnvo novcr bean.at tho pains to eludy tho subject, or who havo gone no deeper than tho suriaco, it is not atoll sutprising; nor, to n reflecting mind is it a matter of much wonder that men, who claim to rank among tho highest orders of humanity, as they certainly do rank among tho highett orders of Intelligence, should regard criminals lees ns human beings having, in common with them eelvrp, iminorlnl souls, than us beings who ndmittcdly posscBB tho form of ninn, but WIIOBO instincts, pro pens'ties, and passions have sunk them to tho lovel af tho brute; and who, being eo suuk, aro lo bo coerced or punished as brutes. Notwithstanding the ¡inmenso etrldca in civilisation which tho world. ÍB dully molting in its unwind pro- gress, this ono thing remains eltitiomiry. Nut tho crimo but tho criminal is tho object of our hatred, our abhorrence, our rancour. From tho einliest dihy'n of our oducntion to the noon day this ¡fl tho doctrino in- culcated by Christian mon in n Christian Mund; not tho crime but ibo criminal; imbibed ns it were with tho mill:our motlier lent tis, this idea baa increased in intensity tis wo liavoinereaEod iu years, until by (he timo wo ure aldo to tiing into tho investigation thc more matured powere and the calmer judgment of out iljpjr years, it has fettled down into a fixed and immuta- ble article of our belinf. .--;.-- ? -j ? - - ur' I have beenlud to make (hese preliminary observations in consequence-of reading! tho remarks mada by Mr. Dais Thomson, Sir William Manning, . and iothera in tho House,' on- Wednesday 'evening last, ion rMr. Plun ' scott's bill for tho abolition'of capital punishment. Í 1 ' Mr/Thomson advocates the eiaaimatíoñ df^üclgos" Rod police officers, with a visw to elicit all poesible information on-tho sdlject ; .ho states on tho auihoiity bf the law Magaiino that, tinco the abolition of capital punishment, ofn-'nc'es formerly subject to that punish- ment have increased 20 per oent Ho expresses his belief that, if capital punishment be abrogated, .murders will increase ; and though.not.aforse to.an inquiry into-tho subject,'is of opinion, that tho time has net arrived when the position of the colony would Justify suob a chango in thcTlaw."" .,' Sir William Manning puta a purely hypothetical, though perhaps, a. ¡not ? impossible «ase. '. A" Bet' of burglars break into a houBO and attempt' to murder tho inmates i the effect on onoer.twojis.such that they are ruined for life ¡.and ho would show tho scoundrels no' mercy-ao it appears-becauso of that effect.' Ho-is not convinced that any punishment short of death will deter, tbe gross sensual.men of low order from the com-. mission of diabolical crimes. . Society cannot, he contends, bo effectually protected without taking lifo. Ono mah may shoot another in self-defence when that other ia in the not of shooting .him. ' If a milder code of 'laws proraieo better for society he would- support a measure for their introduction,.but lie. is not convinced that tho time baa como when, tho principio that lifo should not be taken', can with salcty be adopted. , As to the' examination advocated by Mr. Deas Thomson. : Is any ono bold, enough, to hazard tho OBsoition that, by tue sole Btudy of dueaae, deformity ' and death, the appearances can bo known, prose riled by health, beauty, and lifo,? ' The police offieer is ' a' man of routine. Ho sees and is'brought into'daily oontoo*, with human nature-in ita: worst- itu moat degrndrd phases. Himself, not always gifted with raro intelli- gence or far-sighted perception, from tho very nature of bia office prejudiced, seeing crime and its prevention -tho bano alike and tho antidote-from -the moro force- of habit and asfoo'a'ion, through a distorted medium; surely, he in hardly the mau of \- whom to expect reliable information on tho expediency of continuing or discontinuing any particular modo of punishmont? in many important respects very fur before the polica officor-in mur. y equally impon ant in Buchan inquiry as this tho judgo ia no more than bis equal. . A man of commanding intellect, a. shro.wd ob- servóla keon, enltn. eubtlo reusoner, tho judge ¡9 yet, from education, custom, and oxpenenea a man of pre- cedents; He, ¡too, 'sees but tho worst sido :of; human nature ; he ia guided by strict .loga) evidence, and pro- nounces sentence according to law. In what one respect is bo peculiarly fitted to givd a stund, impar- tial opinion as to the eff-'ct on the community at large of a change of that law ? In founding an argument upon comparativo statis*, tical returns for tho yoars .1835 39, and JS-10 di, ex- hibiting nu increnso of 20 per cent, in committals for offences nineo the commutation of capital punishment, two very gravo considerations havo been overlooked, namely, ibo incaeased facilities for detection, And the rotnoval pf tho causo of indisposition to prosecute ; odd to these tho increase in tho population and an explana- tion will bo found, of the incrcaso in tbe committal?, which have heon unreflectingly confounded with increaBO in commission of offences. Tbe belief that if capital punishment be abolished crime will incroaeo ia at least I an opeu quostion, it cannot bo denied that it has had a fair trial, and failed, r uroly it is timo to try some other.' Tho very instance adduced of Norfolk Island convicts tossing up' to decida who should commit a mtr.lpr, with tho certanity of being bung, for the ¡ maro purposo of indirectly , benefiting his companions ] ia cri mo, is as strong a proof aa can be afforded of tho small vallie attached ¡by such men to human life, and of the indifference with which they emperil or loso their own. Aa npunishment, then, it ia ineffectual to deter from crime; to them dtath baa no terrors, and the fact of thu continued commission of crimea against eooiety, notwithstanding that tho penalty is death, ÍB substantiel proof that this punishment does not yield any adequate protection to socioty against their repeated perpetration.. i Sir William "Manning's argument in. favour of carry- ing iut the extremo penalty of tho law/bocnueo of tho posadlo contingoot niter consequences to tho Bufferers of a broach of it, is, h ard ly intelligible OB reported. Tho law necessarily recogniees only offences committod ¡mme . diàtijly against persona or propetty. It cannot possibly bo'uff-:ctad by peculiar indiosyncrasics. If a nervous woman be terri Bod ai tho sight of a miserable beggar soliqiting alms, and her constitution receives a shock, which eventually occasions death, tho law punishes tho man ps a vagrant, not as a murdoror ; nor, although hi the commission of an unlawful act could tho punish-' mont bo in any moasuro enhanced on account of its having been the occasion of loss of lifo. If a silly lad disguise himself as a ghost or as the arch fiend, and appear on a neighbour's, property, causing the dornngo ment or death of'any of tho inmates, tho law deals with him aa a trespasser, not SB a murderer. The un- challenged right which all mon possess in common of self défonce is hardly analogous with cold-blooded deliberate legal strangulation of on unresisting criminal. Should I, af ter having succeeded in disarming the manwho hid just presented a loaded-pistol nt tny'hoad,- bo hold justified in tho eye ol tho law--to say nothing of humanity-in deliboratply blowing out bis brains ? I.moy bo mistaken ; :but it seems to me that those arguments aro mainly addressed to tho inexpediency, in tho'existing state of the colony, of total abolition of capital punishment, rather than to the conforming our criminul codo to that, of tho mother-country, which I 'tako to bo tho óhject of Mr. Plunkctt's bill. Por myself I hàvo been for years opposed to all capital punishment, for tho simple rrason that it ia barbarous, irrational,and ineffectual; and bcaause, during a ong residence, in tho East, I.have seen tho marvellous offoct of a chango from a systom whero the culprit, takon rod handed, was suspended by tho nesk from a branch of tho noarctt tree, to one more in unison with a humane Christian code ; and hecaiifio I cannot, for one moment, weigh any cost to tho .community against a man's im- mortal soul. Hut though 1 believo ¡Ur. Plunkett holds the samo opinion, in tho billabo ie introducing ho does not contemplate going to tfiis extremo ' length. Tho poiut for consideration, therefore, ie, not,so much tho oPisioN of any or of roany, whether tho effect of tho abolition of capital punishment as tho penalty for tho commission of certain crimes will or will not hnvo a tondenoy to inoro iee tho rcourronco of euch crimes as the PACT whether the foar of incurring, tho porinlty. of death for tho commission of cortain offences havo or bavo not had tho effect of provonting tho repeated com- mission of euch offences. Yours faithfully, MELMOTH HALL. , i Sydney, November 15th. 