WATER POLICE COURT. Before the Water Police and other Magistrates. Monday. Charles Nelson, 36, seaman, was brought up in custody of police sergeant Dwyer, charged with stabbing a China- man named John Sun. Mr. Greer for prisoner. When apprehended prisoner said he did not use a knife to Sun, but struck him with a piece of an iron hoop and out his band; and he showed a cut or stab on his left arm which he said Sun inflicted. Sun is the keeper of a brothel in O'Brien's-buildings, at the rear of the Old Folks at Home Inn, George-street, and it was at his house the offence was alleged to have been committed. A one- bladed clasp knife was found on prisoner, but there were no marks of blood on it, and a piece of iron hoop was dis- covered on the ground near Sun's shanty. Sun stated in evidence that he was a dealer in opium and tea, and that he kept an Englishwoman. On Friday night last, about a quarter- past 12 o'clock, there was a knock at the door, and a person asked to be let in. Sun refused to open the door, and the person said, 'If you don't open it I'll have your life.' The door, although looked, was forced open and prisoner entered ; Sun asked him what he wanted, and told him he was too late; as soon as prisoner got in he made a blow at Sun with a knife, and cut through the fleshy part of his right hand. Sun went for a constable, and when he returned with one prisoner was gone. The lamp which was left burning was broken, and a sum of 35s. missed from the stand on which Sun kept his opium. He did not strike prisoner with anything, and had never seen him previously at his house. Jane Pinkerton, who co- habited with Sun, deposed that when prisoner burst in the door he had a knife in one hand and something like a pistol in the other; after he had struck Sun, he ran out, escaping by a window at the back, and going into a neigbbour's house; she did not know who took the money ; prisoner broke the lamp as he was running after her. A girl, named Sister, who was in the place at the time, together with witness, escaped by getting through the back window ; prisoner drew the knife from a sheath at his side. When asked by their Worships if he had anything to say to the charge, prisoner said he would call witnesses on his trial, and was committed for trial at next Quarter Sessions Tuesday. William Mildwater, 60, carpenter, waa brought up by senior constable Carton on suspicion that he was of unsound mind. Yesterday afternoon he met prisoner in Norton- street, Manly Beach, and prisoner then told him that he was the Holy Ghost, sent to warn people, and that the end of the world was come. He added that he had set fire by preaching the Gospel in Manly, but he did not know whether it would take. After a medical examination, Mr. Egan was of opinion that prisoner was of unsound mind, labouring under religious delusions, and that in his present state it would be unsafe for him to be allowed at large. He was remanded for a week for medical treatment. Wednesday. Ellen Blanche Pettett, alias Ryan, 19, was brought up by police sergeant Ryan, on several charges of stealing, and William Ryan, 25, was charged with receiving the stolen goods. A little girl named Mary Morris, living in Crown- street, stated that on Saturday night her mother sent her to Myers's pawnshop, and she was bringing home a skirt, a jacket, two dresses, and a pair of drawers, when she met prisoner in Liverpool-street. She asked the girl to go on a message for her, and the girl gave her the bundle whilst she went. She said she had left a hat and two parcels at a house she pointed out, but this proved to be false, and when the girl returned prisoner was gone. The goods were valued at £1 10s. On Tuesday evening she stopped Mary Ann Kelly, nine years of age, who was going to a tin- smith's in William-street, to get a pot mended. With a similar pretence she tried to induce her to give up the tea- pot and half a sovereign; and indeed at one time took the half-sovereign from a younger sister who was with Mary Ann Kelly. On Monday morning prisoner met a girl, named Phoebe Parker, who was taking a shilling to school. It was wrapped up and in a basket, which prisoner took possession of whilst she sent the girl on a message. She took the shilling out and ran away. The little girl told some boys and they ran after prisoner and compelled her to drop the money, which was returned to the girl at school. Another girl, named Sarah Littlewood, was deprived of half-a-crown, which prisoner obtained in a similar manner. Mary Ellen Connors was going to school this morning when she met prisoner in Bourke-street, Surry Hills. She told her to go to a house she pointed out and ask for ' Lizzie's clothes,' saying she would hold the two half-crowns the girl had until she came back. Like the other pretences, this also was false, and when the girl returned, prisoner had gone. This was her school money. She was summarily convicted on the five charges and sentenced to one month's hard labour in gaol for each, the terms of imprisonment to be consecutive. Ryan was dis- charged. 