KojaJ iLetjers* Tlie papers presented to Parliament respecting the British captives in Abyssinia couiain two letters from King Theodorus to Her. Majesty. The first, translated, ia as follows:— 'In the name of tlie Father, of tlio Son, and of the Iloly Ghost, one God, Amen. From tlie servant of our Lord and His created Being, the son of David, the son of Solomon, the King of £ings ( of Ethiopia), Theodoru?. To her whom God Koq .rnltnJ „t,~..„ „ 1 1 O ? ? ? ? 1 . , u' b«uvc uii sovereigns anu giprinea above all Prince3 and peoples, and made the Defender of the Christian Faith, aud the succour ot the poor and oppressed, Victoria; Queen of the Uuiteel Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Had tho illustrious Hormuzd Fassim, whom your Majesty ha3 mentioned to us in your letter, Dot been sent to us about the matter of Cameron and others, but the lowest of your servants, he would have been received graciously by us. We now send, with Hormuzd Rassaui, Cameron and oil the other Europeans about whom your Majesty / has written. Your Majesty can learn from those who fear tho Lord the ill-treatment and abuse which we have received at the hands of tbe above mentioned Europeans and the Copt who called himself Metropolitan, the Aboonu vSulama. In my humble position I am not worthy to address your Majesty, but illustrious Princes and the deop ocean can bear everything. I, being an ignorant Ethiopiau, hope that your Majesty will overlook my short comings and pardon my faults. The people vhoni we have imprisoned for their reviling and defam ing us did ao because tbe Galla3 had proved ??victorious over the Iloyal children of Israel and bad humbled them but God has empowered me, the son of one of the humble women if Israel, to regain that which had been lost by my fore fathers. Doubtless your Majesty has learnt how ignorant and blind the people of Ethiopia aro; wherefore I beg of your Majesty not to tuke amiss the mistakes I may make in niy oorrespon pondenco with you. Counsel me, but do not . blamo me, 0 Queen; whose majesty God has glorified, and to whom he has given abuudanceof wisdom. — Dated the 22nd day of January, 185S (29th of January, 1806).' But the King did ; not, in fact, let the Europeans go. On the 13th ' of April, the day appointed by him for their departure, they were stopped and put in prison again; and on the 17th the King wrote another letter to Her Majesty, stating that be had kept her servant, Mr Hormuzed Ilassam, 'for the sake. of consulting together upon the extension of our friendship.' The prisoners were, in fact, detained as hostages for the arrival of the English artisans damanded, and to prevent any aggressive movement against him. In an interview which the King had with his German workmen he said, ' If I let them go * what shall I have in hand ?' Under these cir cumstances the reply of Her Majesty took the form ot d remonstrance : — ' Victoria, by the grace of God, &c.;, to Theodore, King of Abys ? einia, sendeth gree;ing.' After reciting the facts which hud occurred, this Royal lo:ter proceeded AS follows: — ' Your Majesty must bo aware that it is the sacred duty of Sovereigns scrupulously to fulfil engageineut3 into which they muy have entered, and that the persons of ambassadors, suoh as our servant Rassaui, and those by whom they are accompanied, are, among all Dations assuming to bo civilized, invariably held sacrcd. We have therefore the more difficulty in account ing for your Majesty's hesitation, and we invite ?your Majesty to prove to the world that ? -you rightly understand your positions among r ; Sovereigns, and do not desire to neglect the \- international duties which it is incumbent on all : Sovereigns to fulfil. Your Majesty may be assured that we shall be disposed to attribute to ^misapprehension on your part, rather than to illtwjll. towards us, the delay which has occurred in the re! urn of Kussam and thoso whom you had engaged to send with him ; but in the uncer tainty ..which wo cannot but feel as to your ?Majesty's intentions, we cannot allow Flad to be . the bearer of thoso tokens of goodwill which wo .purposed that he should couvey to your Majesty ,But in full confidence that the cloud ? which has darkened tho friendship of our rela tions will pass away on the return of Flad, and .desiring that you should as soon as possible there, after receive the articles which he had proposed to send to your Majesty iu token of our friend ship, we have given orders that those articles should be forthwith soot to Massowah to be delivered, for conveyancc to your Majesty's Court to tho officers whom you may deputo to conduct our servant Rassam and our servant Cameron and tho other Europeans so far on tboir way to our to our yrosenoc. And so we bid you heartily fatowoll. Given ut our Court ut Balmoral, the 4th day of Octobor, in tho year of our Lord 1800, ond in tho 30th of our reign. — Your good friend, Victoria 11.' Sealed with the largo signet, and superscribed. ' To our Good Friend Theodore, King of Abyssinia.' This bus been followed at a lato.r date by a letter from the Secretary of State, dated the lGth of April, 18G7 : — ' I am commanded by the Queen, my Sovereign, to state to your Majesty thut she had expected to learn by this timo that tho prisoners, respecting whom Her Majesty wrote to you, ou the 4th of October last, hiul been all released and had arrived at Massowah and thut the presents which ivere awaiting thoir arrival at Massowah were already on their way to Abyssinia. The Queen regrets to find that although you had become acquaiuted with the contents of tho letter, by the cjpy sent up by Mr Flad, you had hesitated to oomply with her Majesty's wisheB for the release of tlio prisoners, and, instead of sending them at once, to Massowah' to be ex-' obanged against tho presents, had looked still -» to abtain tho presents on the faith o^your own assurance that on the receipt of them you would release the captives. Looking to what has already pissed, the Queen oannot again write to your Majesty j but she has desired me to writo, and to say that her determination, as expressed in Her Majesty's letter, of which you know the contents, is\ unchanged and unchangeable, and that, so far, from being - willing to allow the presents to go on before the prisoners have reashed Massowah, tho Queen has sent orders that the presents shall be returned to Europe, unless the British authorities at Massowah are satisfied within three months after the' despatch of this letter from that port, a copy^ of which is sent by three different messengers, that the prison ers are actually released aud on their way to the coast. In that case tho return of the presents may be deferred for such time as may suffice for tho prisoners to perform the journey to Massowah on their arrival at which place the presents will be made over to yonr ogor.ts. Tbe Queen has forbidden her agents to enter into further correa pondence on these matters. Her Majesty requires for the last time, by her Secretary of State, that the prisoners should be mado over to her ; and she trusts that your Majesty will be sufficiently well advised to comply with her demand rather than forfeit the friendship which, notwithstanding ull-that\ii|s happened, the Quqeu is stijr disposed to entertain for you. ifkving'tTfus.JulSUsd the commands of the Queen, my Sovereign, I hid your Majesty heartily farewell. Your sincere friend, Stanley.' With this the cfficiul corre spondence closes. Nothing more was to be said. 