OPENING OF THE CAMPAIGN. THE CASH CONTEST. 'TWAS on a Thursday evening, Right early in the year, That Members of Assembly In session did appear. JAMIE, the Chief of all the lot, And he—the child of Fate— Who as Attorney-General acts, And means, till '68! These two are there, and with these, too, That mighty man of Gath, Who, thanks to his soft soap, was made Companion of the Bath. FRANCIS, also, of Customs queer, And GRANT, of pallid cheek, And BINDON, feeble with a judge, But potent with a "beak." Then VALE the lowly, VALE the mild, Of modesty so crushing, That when he tries to make a speech, He cannot speak for blushing! MACGREGOR of the gracious mien Concludes the eight who fill The foremost bench in Parliament, And keep the people's till. They keep the till which keepeth them, Till '68 at least; Meantime the untill'd members find A Barmecidal feast. There's JONES, who was last session "whip," Now gloomy as a ghost, Because he lost his billet, and Has found no bigger post. And SMITH, who, though the Ovens man, His bread can barely get, But hopes that at the public cost He may be loafing yet. Lo! RAMSAY payment seeks, but hugs His Ministerial tether; Likes cash, likes MAC, and fain would have The two of them together. Unlike to KYTE, who does not care For "payment," yet most queerly Douces with it the struggling Chief He loves, and drowns him nearly. Among the men—M'CULLOCH'S men— Who sit and smile about him, Some seventeen have been and gone And tried to do without him. The want of the M'CULLOCH set They greatly would deplore, If 'twere not that the want of cash Was troubling them much more. They'd sigh to see their GEORGEY HJG- INBOTHAM come to grief, Were there not cause to hope his loss Would bring to them relief. For his reward they would not have Their honoured C.B. wait, If his expulsion did not help To change their C.D. state. And BINDON the Beloved should Remain the head "beak" still, If they saw not before his "beak" Their own yet longer "bill." Upon this question turned the fate Of their loved leaders—"Would Their immolation leave us with Three hundred to the good? "For if it will, you see, they go: And if it won't, they stay!" SMITH said 'twas most uncertain, so M'CULLOCH won the day. 