. TOTEESTEICTED SUFFRAGE. THE following i» the exordium of the speech in the course of delivery, oil Friday last, by Mr Dignam, in the legislative Assembly of New Sowtli "Wales, when Mr Windeyer "directed the attention of Mr Speaker to - "Strangers in the Hoqse" "Sir Speaker,1 the hon. member for Cqntiral Cumberland lias got so infatuated that lie barks" at any bite, and shows liis nose at anything like a ghost. . It is a most remarkable tbingy Mr Speaker, that the lion, member ia not to bo held. You can't get him at anything. TVhat am I to do ? Iam a Government supporter because, forsooth, I ask you, knowing the state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair, and seeing the way they are going on with him! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here be is; be cause, forsootb, I ask a question lie turns round and says I'm one of the Government rags; one of the Government tripo coves bullock and lights, or anything else. He wants to make a mass of muck of inyname. I do not care for the Government or him". 11 am such a spit o'f infatuated fool that l ' don't care for myself or anybody else. la \- tliis questionerwas"nofc advisod;-.-nor_-wasri . requested .by the "Government to take the. question of the . vacant ; House or - the (-wanfc ~o£ "members, but ?when I see -.a { man'like: that 13, tli'Lt: wants' to' have liia oyc teeth : drawn out, or ?cut out,';or something else, and put-into 'itj sLate ot being civilised. or something.df this bind, why, any hon. member as feels-.his. dignity fctict by tho-avay in wliicli.thii£jnari: is)ruiming down,'goring and running in fine'thorough-bred fellows--we are obliged .to putliun out--obliged to do it, and I think X' am' doing my duty iniusfc stopping his gab. The hon. member who indeed tbe_ motion1; there is no member in tliis'Honso,; Sir Speaker, so fond X believe of himself, as lib is. He knows it; and I accuse Mm although, lie is the Government outside man. But still what does he want. to do with the Governor? "Lea-re him alone. Leave' Sir John alone. "Why, bless iny soul! He's got a card or somebody else has to a feed. Anybody . that'll - give a feed, leave him alone-that's what I say. But these: people who used to bo, John knows where -(if s very well for him to gammon- to1, be asleep)-thsy never used to give a feed. You know that,; Mr Speaker, as well as I. do." According to the Sydney Herald,- the reporters and other "strangers" were here Ordered; to. withdraw,. and,, the, Noacliian operation having been performed, in .regard, io the hori. member's style of oratory, liis" style of Bpeakiiig" was I called Jn ^question, wUereup«n-ifc is said that the remonstrant was threatened with the vigorous^ applica-7 tion of a big stick..... js 