The Wizard's Haunt. A ROMANCE OF ILLAWARRA, I have a great antipathy to widows. They are always getting me into trouble and difficulties. They exercise some magic influence over me which I am wholly unable to account for. I never linger in their society for more than half-an- hour without paying dearly for my temerity and presumption. By hook or by crook the fascinating wretches. are sure to find out my blind side and involve me in some scrape. I have a theory on the subject, but, as a certain per- sonage of equivocal reputation is alluded to in that theory, I must not offer any further explanations of it to ears polite. Well, last Thursday night I had a most awful expe- rience, and all through the intervention of a widow, and of course quite in accordance with my usual luck.- I was riding through a street named----, in the town of — : — , when who should I see but a widow.; blithe, and buxom, and bonny, standing behind her own bar, and looking so nice and so 'natty' that I felt prompted on the spur of the moment to call and have a glass and a chat. Fool that I was, I might have known lhat trouble was in store for me, and doubtless would have known it had not the salutary influence of all past experiences vanished at the moment when the widow's eye rested on mine. My steed felt the spur of the moment too, and turned quite naturally into the back yard of the hostelry I dismounted, and making my wants known, the bottle and glass were speedily placed on the table before me. I am sure there was something in that bottle more than strong spirit or any ordinary potion I am sure there was enchantment in it. The bottle itself was curiously cut and carved, and had quaint figures and strange devices on it while the liquid it contained was far more delicious than intoxi- cating liquors generally are. How often I put the glass to my lips, how often I had the bottle refilled, I do not choose to tell, and as I do not choose to tell, the reader has no business to know. Should he however, be impertinently curious in the matter, and say that I was hopelessly drunk, I can assure him that I was not drunk at all, but only slightly intoxi- cated, and that not with the liquor, but rather with the widow. It was her magic influence that did it all — which is my usual luck. Aa soon as I could muster up strength of mind sufficient to tear myself away from the hostelry, I mounted my steed and turned homewards. Mv way was long and difficult, and had many steep pinches in it;— devil's pinches they are called, I believe and devil's pinches my horse evidently thought them. The road wound up Mount Keira, on the top of which stand my farm and residence. I was so power- less, owing to the enchantment then working in my blood, that I swayed to and fro, and from side to side, like a young poplar tree in a brisk and changeable breeze. I am not sure that I did not lay hold of my horse's neck, and, like tha celebrated Gilpin, ' eke with all my might' but on that subject I do not like to say more, as the mention of it calls up reminiscences of frightful accidents experienced while travelling up the same mountain in former days, and which I would fain forget. On the top of the mountain, about a mile from my residence, there is a patch of ground, drear and barren, covered with dead brushwood, and wholly devoid of vegetation. Not even a blade of grass will grow there. This patch lies at the edge of a tre- mendous precipice, at the bottom of which lofty cab- bage palms flourish in great luxuriance, vainly essaying to push their heads to the top. The fabled Upas tree of George Stevens might have grown on this barren spot, judging from the desolation that apparently reigns over it. I used often to wonder why it was devoid of trees, shrubs, leaves, and, in fact every living thing ; now I know the reason, dear bought experience convinces me It is a ' Wizard's Haunt.' Just as I was approaching this spot my horse began to snort and roar, and paw the ground in a state of great excitement, while at the same time some dark object shot past me through the air with wonderful velocity. To my great surprise the dark object alighted on the most central part of the barren ground, and then turning towards me disclosed the face of --formerly of--, whom 1 knew in early life. But how changed. Formerly he was thin and spare, and distinguished by a profusion of mous- tache and whisker, but now his form seemed bent and heavy, inclining strongly to corpulence, while his face bore the traces of having passed through storm and tempest. He was very plainly, yea, even shabbily dressed, and wore "a shocking bad hat." He was noted for having been an omnivorous reader and always enjoyed the reputation of being addicted to occult practices. The stories I had heard about his magic powers were always regarded by me with a smile of incredulity, but now, having seen what I am about to detail, I feel strongly inclined to accept them as literal statements of fact. Unloosing his girdle, he suddenly shook out from it a curiously striped and most fantastic looking vestment, carved all over with quaint figures, and inscribed with numerous words and verses, written in Sanscrit, Zenic, and Chaldee characters. This he put on. After some low mutterings he lifted a straight pole which lay beside him, and no sooner had he done so than it changed into a wand of dazzling brilliancy, slender like a cane, and about a yard in length. Stretching this towards the East he cried in a loud voice, ' bring forth the Caldron, the anointing oil, and the potent mysteries of — — , but the last word was drowned in the noise of the tempest that immediately arose In all adjacent gullies and amongst the rocks. Then dusky forms began to flit past, horrid shrieks were heard breaking the silence of night, while at a short distance from where I stood spell-bound by the scene, a huge Caldron began to slowly protrude itself through the earth. It grew and grew, until I could not tell how high it had grown, but it was something gigantic, and far bigger than the sailor's pumpkin which was so large that an old volcano was the only pot in which it could be boiled. Bound about this mighty Caldron the Wizard drew a circle with his wand, then pouring out from a flank some of the mysterious oil, he touched it with his finger, and straight-way it leaped into a blaze, shedding a lurid brilliancy on the sur- rounding scene. At the same instant the ground trembled beneath my feet, a peal of thunder rumbled in the distance, and two thin and shadowy figures rose up beside the ' Wizard,' who, in concert with them began to dance round the Caldron, chanting all the time in a low weird tone, some ancient verses which to my ears sounded like tho following : Round about tho Magic Pot We dance.and sing and pass the night. Stared at by a drunken so', Whose heart is in bis mouth with fright. The hour's propitious, the moon's gone down, \- The Satyr sleeps in his Bcrubby park, While his brother Chip lieB snoring in the town. Quite heedless of this, our Wizard's '? lark.' First Figure Cheerily ho, boys 1 Cheerily I10 1 Into tho magic pot we throw A little bit of «? Mercury' pie. And a hair fiom the lash of Dickson's eye, The seventh CommandmeLt broken in two By one from whom better things were due. The down from a charming maiden's cheek Who was kissed by holy ' Bubble and Squeak,' Along with a spice of consternation ? Which somebody felt before confirmation, And a handful of sand from the Stygian siiore, The charm works, but we must have more. Second Fioudb. Round about the pot we dance — There goes a piece of Saladin's lance. Sta-n'd with tbe blood of a Christian Knight, Who died on the field of battle '* quite.' (The ' quite'' is wrong, but it woro a sin ? To spoil the rhyme by not pHtting it in.) There it a root of deadliest weod, There are the jaws of a centipede, An unwholesome fisn from the depths of a lake. With the poison-hag of a venomous suaice, The kit of an ill f«vor*d miserly snob, - Who delights in performing a snenky job, A bit of a bandicoot's mouldering bone, The beard of a mussel turn'd into stoned A wallaby's claw, and a scorpion's tail Surely, with tlierie, the charm can't fail. ' Wizard* Hubble and Bubble, wo must redouble Our efforts, and set at defiance the trouble. Tbe charm wont work unless somebody brings. A score, or more, of still rarer things.' Gbost hues and speaks. I will into the caldron throw . What mortal man can never know j A hair from the scalp of a wand'ring-Jew, And a probable story from Eugene Sue ; A sermon free from mulice nnd spite, : - Preached by a coal-black reverend wight ; The barrow given to Donkey Jack ; The buggy that was to be (Alack I) . Presented to Fee-faw fiddledce hum, Inscribed with tho pen of illustrious Mum, With the speech which hu ought to have made on the day When the F's were to givo the buggy away. A grammatical sentence from the ' Express,' With ' or,' and ' nor,' nnd ' nevertheless' Properly written,' nnd, rarer atill, The identical clarified grey goose quill. With which the sentence was turned quite round, In the highest stylo of both sense and sound. The Wollongong Doctor's hospital fees. Won in their vain attempts to pleaBe, A well-read harmony swelling and dying. That was caught by the Philharmonic fiying. And last, but not least, though -ar rarer than all, Some kindly regret for another's downfall. Wizabd, Enough I Enough 1 for the charm works, Aid me ye Wizards fair and dark, Whether ye dwell amongst Jews or Tutkn, To draw the Satyr from his Park. Come he shall, and here he must Recite the' ?' Pome' he lately made, While on hiB.ears 'I'll rub off the rnst From the boop which be fancies a keen-edged blade. Come from tbe Park, Appear 1 1 Appear!!! We every one command you here I Just as the last word of the rhyme was pronounced I heard a sound in the distant bushes which my practised ear recognised as the tramp of some pon- derous brute, and almost at the same moment an envious cock roosting in the barn of a neighboring settler startled the dull ear of night with his crow. The result was that my horse became restive, and rearing fiercely, pitched me out of the saddle on to the ground, where I lay stunned by the fall, and bleeding profusely from a wound in the temple. I was not quite insensible, and hence heard, or fancied that I heard a motly combination of sounds amongst which I could distinctly recognise the braying of a donkey, followed by shouts of derisive laughter. The hubbub continued for some time, and then I heard a cracked and squeaking voice exclaiming, — ' Seven moons went down upon the burning plain,' whioh was followed by a peal of most uproarious laughter, in the midst of which the wizard roared out in trumpet tones, 'you spiteful old' ass ! ; Go home and milk your cows. If you don't we'll, throw you into the Caldron,' after which I heard no more. When I awoke and became fully sensible, the sun was high in the heaven's, my horse was grazing quietly at some little distance in the bash, but Caldron, Wizard, and ghosts had all vanished like the unsubstantial fabric of a dream. Oh that widow ! it was all through her arts, but I'll have my revenge on her yet. 