Newcastle. (Fnoii OUR COHUESPONDEKT.) On Monday last the Aboriginal cricketers favoured us with a visit. They arrived by the train from Maitland, and proceeded to the new ground in the vicinity of St. John's Church, to contest a match with the Newcastle team. They were engaged for the day by Messrs. Loch head and C.H. Hannell, at a cost of £50, but I am afraid it was not a very eligible investment, for there could not have been more than 300 persons inside the inclosure during the day, while round the fence there were something like 1500. The amount realised by the gates was £14, so that the speculation did not prove as profitable as was anticipated. There is a great dearth of amusement at present in Newcastle, and I think greater encouragement should have been given by the public to those enterprising gentlemen. Had the ground been well patronised by the citizens on this occasion there is no doubt but that athletic sports would have been got up for them for the forthcoming Easter holidays; now, however, they will have to go elsewhere, as usual, to seek amusement. The cricket match commenced at ten o'clock by the Aboriginals going in for their first innings, and as there was not sufficient time for the clubs to play two innings each, it was decided by the first. The following is the score: ABORIGINALS. First Innings. Rose, c limine], b Rendctt. O disons, 1 c Perri» h lleadotl. 1 Dick, 2 111 2 11111 2, b Itoaclott . 14 Mullagh, 11121212b itcadett .. .. '.. ll Paddy, 1 2 1 2 1, b Ko.ulett. 7 J. W. Wills, 2, b Koadett. 2 Jollico, 2. li Ferris . 2 Peter, 11, b Ferris . 2 Tarpot, 2 2 111, li Beeston. 7 Dicka Dick, 3 2 2111. IO Lake Billy, not out. O Byes, 2 ; Wld03, 4. 6 Total. ..02 Second Innings Rose, 1 2 1 2 1, o Ferris b Roidett. 7 Dick, 121121111,0 Ilanncll li Kcndott .. ll Cuzens, 2 1 2 3. c Chapman b Readott .. .. S Mullagh, 11 111. c Alcock b Beeston. S Paddy, 2 1, c Tracy b Beeston. 3 Jcllico, 11 2111, b Ueadett . 7 Wills (capt.) 1111, b Ueadett. 4 l'eter, 1, b Ilkeston. 1 Tarpot, 1, b Roulett. 1 Dicka Dick, 1211, not out. S Lake Billy, b Koadett. 0 Byos, 2 ; Wido, 1. 3 Total .65 Grand Total both innings .. 117 NEWCASTLE CLUB. First Innings. Merewether, 0, b. Wills.0 Chapman, 11111. 2,1. li w. b., Wills .. ..7 Goldfinch, 1, li. Wills.1 Hanneil, 11, c. Couzens, b. Jelllco ... ... .. 2 Bcadott, 0, c. Mullagh, b. Jelllco .. .. .. 0 Beeston, 0, li. Jelllco.0 Hogtie, 1 1 1 2 2 2 11, li. Jelllco .ll Ferris, 0, st. Mullagh, b. Wills .0 Lipscomb, 0. run out.0 Tracoy, lilli, not out .S Alcock, 2 1, b. Wills .3 Leg byes .2 Total .32 Second Innings. Beeston, 11 3 2, b. Jeltico .7 Baadett, 2 2 2 1, c. Couzens .7 Total .14 After the match Dick-a-Dick amused the people by dodging the cricket ball, standing only a few yards from them. Throwing the cricket ball was the only other event, which was won by Tracey, one of the New- castle team, who throw a distance of 100 yards, 2 feet. Our es champion's now outrigger nrrived hero during tho week, nnd was at once taken to his residence nt Ash íslund. ITo is, I believe, in active practico up in that quarter, and has nnt.giren up all ¡dun of uguin laying elaim to his title of "Champion of New South Wales." If another mutch is made, it would bo only fair to have it contested on tho ll miter River. Tliero is a splendid course, well adapted for tho purpose, near ono of tho islands, and as Oreen hus lind four matolies pulled on his own waters, I think he might allow Hickey tho pri- vilege of having ona hore, at least. Oa Thursday and Friday evenings wo tvero favoured by an entertainment by a portion of tho Opera compnny, consisted of Imcy Escott, Fnnny Simonson, Squires, Martin Simonsen, and Anderson. They took remark- ably well, especially tho violin playing of Martin Simonsen, wlin received frequent encores. ITo is un- doubtedly tho most stylish performer thut ever put in nn appearance in this pnrt of tho colony. They had very fair houses each ovouing, but I think they would have been mi-oh better patronized had their charge been loss. Their charges wore 3s pit and 2s gallery. Pedestrianism.-A match carno off on the Cricket ground, on Monday lost, between Messrs. A. Uogis (in American of note) mid M. Hudson. The distança run was a hundred yards, nnd tho contest was very spirited throughout. Bogis, howorur, did not stund tho "ghost of p chance" oftor half tho dlstnnca lind been travelled, and Hudson won ai ho liked. I did not hoar for what sum they nn, but I behove it was something enormous. A work is shortly to bo published in Newcastle, entitled "Tho Nativo Drama," unbracing tho political career of ono of our Members of Parliament, and several othor public gentlemen in tho city. It will bo printed some- what after the stylo of "Beoston's Rook of Burlesques," of nbout tho saino number of pages, and with like illustra- tions, so that it may bo convertod into u burlesque for tho stage There has been, in fact, some talk of starting n company of Amateur IJriimutics,' for Ilia purpose of having it performed, nnd, judging by tho excitement it has already occasionod hy its nppearauco in tho Standard. newspaper, I have no donht it would bo well patronised. Tho publication will cost £50 to print, but thore is already a Bulltoiont number of copies ordered by tho public to cloaroll oxponses. Tho dramatis personae aro represented under fictitious names, and thoro ure consequently no data for libel. It is written in a remarkably racy and humor- ous style, and asa specimen of literature is first-class, the rhyme in many places bciug excellent. Tho pcico is fixed at ls. uer copy. 