GHOSTS AGAIN. TO THE EDITOB OF THE WA1LAB00 'TIMES. Sie,—I was almost beginning to think that my seabirds were not coming again, but soon after midnight they aroused me. They were anxious to know if I had fulfilled my mission* I informed them that I had laid their case before the members of both Houses ; the first petition from the Clinton pier was quickly disposed off; it would not unlikely be tarred or painted, and even thai; would not be done, only as the Duke of Edinburgh was likely to pass that way, it was resolved to set everything off to the best advantage. They were sorry it was ever built, but there was no opposition to it at the time ; but one gentleman recollected that a large teapot> called Tommy, kept spouting and hissing at them all the time, but having rubbed it over with a coating of gold dust and removed it into another House, it became as quiet as a Shibberreen dog during the late famine. As to Port Wakefield it was determined to carry out the plan agreed upon; they all knew that there were other ports that would do better, but they could not think of injuring Port Adelaide. As to the silt filling in again, there was no fear of that. They knew of a plan to keep that clear. Did not I know that these were the wisest Houses that had ever sat in the colony? I confessed my ignorance of that ; they were quite willing to answer any questions I should put. to them, L then asked generally how it was that they so often forgot their promises after getting their seats. I was informed that it was generally understood, or ought to be, that such pro j mises were not binding but merely given on the spur of the moment. I then asked if they thought it wise to continue animmigra tion Commissioner in En gland s to hunt up emigrants at so much per head, and whether it would4 not be wiser to let the people at home know that on arrival here there is a very poor chance of any work, and that many late arrivals had been unemployed ever since they landed ; that those who had the means were migrating to the neighboring colonies; likewise to let them know that there was a refuge at Brighton for destitute children, which might be very good, but seeing one lad had been overtaken lately absconding from that home, and being taken before their Worships, he was ordered to be privately whipped, , it struck my notice, putting me so much in mind of old Ferdinand of Spain, who, when a list of prisoners used to be handed to him, instantly used these words—" Let them be shot. F., the Xing. Here the House rose at once. They were sure there was no law to allow of privately or publi<ly flogging destitute children. I assured them that I was quite happy to hear it, • but having read it recently in the Chronicle, and as I had no doubt the sentence had been carried out—but I hoped not with the cat—would the House enquire into the case; and as they were sure there was no law to sanction such usage, how was it the punishment was inflicted? Was it because the child was without friends ; if so write over the refuse at Brighton in the words of Goldsmith—" Here children dwell who know no mother's love." At this I heard a voice under the clother, that I well knew, talki ig what she would do, but as I knew she could not face my two birds who all the time were perched at the foot of the bed, I continued to lay my late interview before theoi. I am proud to say that flogging destitute children will never become the law of South Australia, but as to importing immigrants the House think that a steady flow of able-bodied men necessary. Many of the upper classes have estates, which they want improving, and they find, when they have ten applicants for one jobr that they can always get it done much cheaper, and they have noticed that in dress there is not that distinction which there ought to be. I then ventured to inquire if they did not think, as we had plenty of labour now, and the material for road making, and as out of every sixty miles, I had generally noticed over twenty miles of good natural road that needed no repairs, would it not be wise to set the men at work, even if they borrowed English capital for the purpose; but here commenced a regular babel,—one was for tramways ; he had a friend in the mother country who was in the iron way, and he should like him to have a large order. But' I said do you not think that the money would be better spent in the colony? No; he thought we should do better by importing the rolling stock. As to the fine breed of draught horses we were now getting around us, and the teamsters who wished to earn a few pounds on the roads, they must move further up the country. I fien found finallly that a road either metalled or tram, from Wallaroo to Clare might possibly have the first sod turned up in the year 1890 or thereabouts, as by that time it would be a very wise Parlian e.it. My messengers here flew off, to the great delight of my partner, and I fell into a sound sleep. P. W., lADmA. 