GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF PRESBYTERIAN , CHURCH OF NEW SOUTH WALES. I Session the Third. I First Sedeetjnt.-The General Assembly of »he Presby- terian Church of New South Wales met, on Wednesday evening last, in the Phillip-strcot Church. A large attend- ance of ministers and eldors from different parts of the colony wero present, with a mixed audience of the laity. Tbo retiring Moderator-tho Rev. William Furvos, of Maitland-preached the accustomed annual sormon, select- ing for his text tbo second verco of tho 4th obapter of the Second Epistle of St. Paul to Timothy-" Preach the Word." In his impreeeivo and admirable discourse the rev. gentlemon set forth some of tho improvements which wero now required to bo introduced fnto tho style of preaching. After scrvico tho Moderator constituted tho Assombly with pray or, and tho AsBcmbly at onco proceeded to business. The minutes of (ho last Assembly woro duly coufirmod, and ordered to bo signed by the Moderator. Tho roll of tho Assembly was then mado up aocording to the oort'fiad rolls sent in from the Prosbyteries-tbo members present answor ing to their names. The Assembly proceeded to o loot a Moderator for the ensuing year. The Clerk read the nomi- nations of Presbyteries which had been received by hi n ; when it appeared that tho unanimous choice of the Presby- teries had fallen on tbo Rev, Robert Steel, Doctor of Philosophy and Minister of St. Stephen's Church in Macquario-street, Sydney. The Moderator wob declared to be duly olected, and was there- upon formally conducted to tho Presidential chair by the late Moderator, the members of the Assembly testifying tbeir respect by standing whilst tho rov. gentlo man took his Eeat. Tho Moderator having taken his seat, proceeded to nddrees the Assembly on the prinoiples of the Presbyterian Church, insisting upon the great work before tbem in this country. Tho nddrosB was as follows : - lAiiiuts amj BannriPN,-I thank you cordially for tho honourable position to which jour kindness and confidence have tinted mo. In the present circumstances of our Church in this land, when anew and moro auspicious era lias been introduced by our recent union, I deem it an honour to recelv e the suffrages of respected Fathers and Drethrcn, and to be placed in tho Moder itor's chair. 1 am sensible-painfully sensible of som» dirquatifications for presiding over your deliberations ; and with respect to these infirmities I thus early eilst myself upon your indulgence and help. I trust that tho business of this General Assembly, composed as it is of reverend and learned ministers and wise and pious elders, may bo conducted in n manner becoming the prestige of our ancestry, the virtues of oar ofllce, and the spirit of our Master. In all free assemblies there will be free speech and div crsulcs of opinions on many points of order and adminis- tration ; but in an assembly of The Church of Christ there ought alwajs also to be the spirit of brotherly kindness and charity. ino two past j cars, Fathers and Brethren, havo taught us the advantages and illustrated the happiness of union, 01d parties havo passed away, and new interests common to all, have engaged tho attention and tho efforts of brethren irrespective of ecclesiastical antecedents Wo aavc not found any difficulty among our people, and not one caso has arisen which has called forth the sectarian riv alncs vi hich formerly divided us. Ibe spirit of union In tho larger corporation of the Church has fostered other fellowships within our /ion Our Sabbath school teachers in bjdney and its suburbs have formed cm association for their mutual improv cment and the more effeotive conduct of the schools under their care With laudable ¡aal and persc v cráneo they hav c instituted courses of lectures for teachers, arranged common lessons for scholars, and collected statistics of schools-all of which cannot fail to bo beneficial to them- selves and to tho Church. Young Men's Mutual Improve- ment Societies-now happily connected willi almost every con- gregation in the city-have also formed a union for pro- moting their intellectual and Christian ndv anceincnt, and for cherishing that csjn it de coi ¡is which young men of a Church like ours-=o rich with historio memories and Apostolic glories should always rcah«e It is interesting and refreshing to mark these hopeful phases of young life in the Church, and it would bo vieil if Fathers and Brethren give their encouragement and aid to associations so calculated to maintain the doctrine and order of our nnocstral Church in this new land. Sinco our faith and polity ate generally so consistent with the Holy 8crlptures and ibt Primitive Church, we have everything to gain and nothing to lose by the enlightenment of tho young ahnt in our creed and our history. luthers and Brethren,-Our Church poutj is Apostolical. It "Is founded upon the Word of God, and agroeablo thereto," as our Confession so well st itcs the matter. It is framed upon the practice of the Apostolic agt, while yet inspired men were in the Church to give authority to its doctrines, and accuracy to ita history. I rom the»c halcyon days of Christianity our Church derives its constitution. There we got the principles that re- gulate all our polity Wc admit, as our Confession does, " that there arc some circumstances concerning the worship of God and the government of the Church, common to human actions and societies, which are to be ordered bj tho light of nature, and Christian prudence, according to tho general rules of tho word which are ulwaja to be observed " But we also hold " That tho feonptural proof of any arrangement or practice having existed in the Apostolic Chuich«, ordinarily and prtmt fane impose« an obligation on all Churches to adopt it,-an obligation that Is imperative and unlimited in rogard to all those things which obvious! j enter into tht substance of the government and worship of the Church, and the modo m which they arc administered " In the Scriptures, then, w cread that,a church comprehended a society of tht people of God. tither in i singlo congregation, as ia the house of Ivymplias (Col iv , 15), or in a city, us in Jerusalem ( Vets \i, 22), where there were it least eight thousand persons, or the whole community of a nation, as In Acts v ii, 38, whero St, Ste- phen speaks of " the Church in tho wilderness," or all tho christians in the world, or where the apostle says-1 Cor. xli, 20, " God hath set some in the Church," or finally all tho psoplo of God in heaven and on earth as in Ephes. v ,25, "Christ also loved the Church " The word has only one meaning oi cry where, but capable of any extension. In tho Scripture wt read that the office-bearers of tho Church were clcotcd by the people Whether it was the election of an apostle to fill the vacant bishopric of ludas (Acts ¡,, 23), or of deacons to look after the temporal atUirs of thccarlv Church (Acts vi.), It was a popular choice, ihero wc(rcaclwhat will not now bo controverted by any scholar, that bishops and presbyters, or elders, were identical In the Apostolic Churth, and in tho many references of the inspired epistles to ibis ellice there was no diffcrenco between bishop and presbyter. 'I he names expressed the same oHlco and aroused intcrohangeablj by the Bacred writers In tho Now Testament wo read that there w as a plurnht) of bishops or elders in every church In Fphc sus, Philippi, Colosse, Derbe, Lystra, Iconium, as well as In the liTgcr congregations of the greater cities There, too, wo read that ordination to the office of the ministry was an act of the presbyter}, of a plurality of elders This was preferred by the Apostles themselves when they were all together in Jerusalem - (Acts, vi) Ihiis S S Paul and Barnabas were ordained at Antioch-(Acts, xiii ) Thus Timothy was ordained- (1 Tim , iv , 14 ) And oft« this model it ia most facnptural to sot apart men to sacred office There wc leam that there was a right of appeal allowed to members of tho Church, or single congrega- tions, from a decision among themselves, to an assembly of tho Apostles and elders. Apostollo dicta pronounced bj inspired Ups did not settle the controversies of the early Church. Tho appeal from Antioch was discussed in an assembly convoned for the purpose, and In which the Apostles wero members, I ho decision wus authoritative and final. The decrees of tho Assembly at Jerusalem were binding upon the Churches of Antioch, 8>na, and Cilicio, and were received with submission. The Govern- ment of the Church was represcntativ e, and final decisions wero given by the assembly of bishops or elders. Thcro too, wo read that supreme power was lodged nowhere else, not in an Apostle, or a 1'nnco of Apostles, a President of Assembly, still less in an earthly potent ate-but that the Lord Jesus Christ was the sole Head and King of the Church. Ills revealed will the only standard, and His officers the only court of appeal in all matters ecclesiastical There was a gradation of judicatories, but the Church was possessed of an inherent right to settle all spiritual causes. There too we read that there were elders who ruled, as distinct from thoso who also laboured in word and doctrine. Thty all had equal status, but not equal functions. These features of the Apostolic Church are clearly revealed in the Holy Scriptures, though they were speedily obsoured by tho corruptions which affected Christianity in the Roman Empire. They were however discerned, and copied with more or less exactness, in tho great Reformation of the sixteenth century, when the Word of God was recovered from tho dust of ages, and perused with all tho greatness of a new discovery Every national church in Christendom except the English, and in a very modified degree the Danish and Swedish, returned in their reform to tho general principles of polity ns practised in iho Apostolio agc The case of Denmark and Sweden will not bear argument, and the exception of England was an anomaly caused by tho Crown. Lord Macaulay, in his history, stales that " tho English reformers were eager to go as far as their brethren on the conti- nent . . . And he further avers of the Protestant party in that church that " it cannot be doubted that if tho general sense of that party had been followed, the work of reform would have been carried on as unsparingly in England as is Scotland." (Hist, vol 1, p 50) These features of the Apostolical polity have been apparent, with varied dcgrees of clearness, in different ages of our Church. The election of all office bearers is vcBted in tho people, and even w here patronage ha« been imposed, as in established Churches, the call of the people is recognised. There is no distinction bttwecn Bishop and Presbyter , and though every church court has its Moderator, he lspi-iwms info ¡¡arcs Thero are several elders in every congregation, who constitute a governing body in all spiritual affairs There is tho right of appeal from local pres- byters, whose judgment may have been biassed by party feeling or personal animosities, to a district or provincial synod, or assembly of elders, duly elected and lawfully convened, whose decision is held to be final, and subject to no appeal to co-ordinate courts m the State. This polity protects the rights of the people on the one hand, and tho rights of tbo members of presbyttry on the other, and when properly w orked is calculated to preservo the discipline of the Church, and promote the welfare of the people, 1 bis mode of prcsbytenal action Is speciallj adapted to anew countrj. In some of its features it is being followed by all dis- established churches Synods aro sought by all Episcopal churches out of the United Kingdom. The 8ynod Is becoming the supreme pow er of that Church to which all officers aro subject. The Synod is the court of appeal whero all grievances of doctrine or disciplino arc to bo settled. Tho Synod is the free assembly vi here all parties can express their sentiments and exercise their suffrages Congregationalisms arc grav Itating to the samo mode of corporate action. Their writers of highest authority on Fcclceiastical policy such as Davidson and Stoughton declare that " they are wrong in splitting up what ought to bo one church, tho companj of believers in modern towns, into several churches, each with its own pastor, which in their independent individuality arc patches and shreds, often incapable of a right government, because they hav e lost sight of the unity and kind of gov eminent existing in the earliest churches." Wesleyan Methodists havo always had certain of these clements, and their difficulties of udmiifiBtration have chiefly arisen from the rules of a society designed tobe temporary becoming the laws of a permanent and wide-spread Church. In all new countries tbc Apostolic principles of Church polity have been preved to be most adapted to the new circumstances. In America our own Church hoa advanced ftooi a single Pres- bytery, with a few memberB In the year 1705, to six thousand clergymen at the present day. Canada has already fivo hundred Presbyterian clergj, and Australasia, in less than half a ctntury, and while the pioneer and father of the colonial Presbyterian Church i« still olivo and vigorous, possesses three hundrtd clergy. Nor arc our congregations in bondage thouph bound to the Churoh and submisslvo to Its lnws Their libertj Is not interfered with in all the minor de- tails of their services or their finances. So long as they act In harmony with the general principle» of the Church, they aro as independent of one another as if tlicj were unconnected by coole sKistical tics. Moro and more It appears that towards the Apostolical polity of our Church all Protestant ohurches aro graviiating, and in this we rejoice, not because wo expect to find in the prc-millennlal ago an incorporation or all Churohes into one but because by corporate action freer scope is affordod for the maintenance and diffusion of truth, and for the exercise of a healthy discipline Our Church Is catholic The spirit of catholicity belongs to Its Apostolical constitution. It is not exclusive. It professes to boa branch of the Holy Catholic Churoh. It docs not un- church other communions, not bo scriptural in doctrine or bo Apostolical in polity aa wc profess to be. It does not deny the validity of ordination by other churches, or attempt to ro-ordaln thoBc who havo been already set apart to the holy ministry. It «Iocs not repeat the sacrament by walch Christians have been initiated into the fellowship of tho Church of Christ It does I not ihut its pulpits to the ministers of other Reformed ohurches, tuojugh it has not been free from occasional bigotry and eucla sivrosv"' both v,bea established and when dissenting. It ia not bound by consecrated building» or by a clergy supposed te» pos- sess a tr&nswtisuv0; virtue in their ordination whioh belong to no one else, from holding intercourse with minister« ard members Pf other branches ot tho Church It has had its seasons v"f defection« and of unfaithfulness, as all others have bad; but it ¿a8 nocr sanctioned as a principle that wbicb cuts it off from the communion of saints who worship in otlicr forme, and listen to otior aod somowhat differently appointed teachers. It has recognised and encouraged thofcllow ship of all the Et formed churches, and has permuted its candi- dates for the minis ry to frequent the universities and theological halla of 1'roteBtant Christendom. It claims to be a branch of the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, and lifts up its testi- mony to the Word of God both in doctrine and polity, but holds out the hand of Christian fellowskip to all " who in every placo call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord-both theirs and ours " And we hope and pray for tho return of all other branches of the samo Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church to similar principles and tbe oicerciBO of reciprocal charity. 1 atbers and Brethren,-There arc two other points to which I would also advert, as thoy are tho glories of our Zion. 1\. The intelligent unity of doctrine believed by all Anglo-Saxon Presbyterian Churches. Amidst tho séparations which have bcon temporarily occasioned in the application of questions of our polity in relation to the State, there has been unbroken unity in the faith The Confession of Faith has been the standard of all. Cut it is no mere bond of peace. It is a bona tide creed. Thero lins nci cr been a debato as to Ita doctrinal meaning. It has never been questioned whether the clergy might hold opposito sentiments on doctnnaljioints. Hypocrisy might occasion, and unfaithfulness might tolerate doctrinal variations, but these have boen rare anomalies, and never an acknowledged boaBt Any man teaching any divergence from the .common creed would forfeit his office, lhat creed may bo more definite and even more minute than that of other communions, but it has been rarely bolted or outraged, and nc\ cr glossed oi cr by other documentary standards or liturgical forms. The constitution of the Church, and the freo exercise of Chris- tian rights, and tho open charaotcr of all ecclesiastical courts, havo prevented the imposition of a creed that was not believed, and the toleration of error that wa» openly acknowledged or capable of being prov ed Bgainst any preacher The doctrine of all our clergy must, 1 kc the virtuo of Cteaar's wife, bo above suspicion Our people havo a guarantee that their preachers will not follow any doctrine contrary to the gram- matical meaning of tho Confession. All who receive the imprimatur of the Presbytery aro orthodox divines 2 The paramount importance of preaching is another glory of our Church, Our Church docs not depend upon gorgeous cere- monies or prescribes liturgies or a lordly hierarchy for its in- fluence over the people, but upsn its office of preaching,-tho exercise of Scriptural instruction This was the great feature of tbc Apostolic Church ThcFounderofChnstlanlty was a preacher. Its first apostles went everywhere preaching the Word. Christianity owes its greatest social influence to tho pulpit It w us a new thing for the chief officers of a religion to instruct the common people, but this was tbo glory of the early Evangelists It was also the means of their wondrous success. It was thus they overthrew the old religion of the Roman Empire, and the social vices of so many nations in ono of tho most lax eras of the world. The schools of philosophy might bo for the select, and the manuscript rolls of learning for tho wealthy or tho leisurely, but the pulpit was the new birthright of tho church people. It wrought the Reformation of the sixteenth century Luther, Zwingle, Latimer Calvin, and Knox, and their illustrious fellow labourers, were all eminent as preachers So were tho Puritans who left their mark so deep upon the thought of their age and of succeeding time. So were Whitfield and Wesley, and those who were with them in the great revival of the eighteenth century So were the fathers of the Presbyterian Church in all tho ages of its history. There may have been some want of attention to the devotional part of our service of public worship, but it has not been a want of length or of comprehension. The piety of tho Church has been graduated by the tone of the preaching , and though not so much of Scripture has been read in public worship as in some other communions, the people have been more enlightened in the Scriptures, because the Word of God has been more consecutively expounded. In some religious systems public worship is almost cntlrclycom posed of praise, prayer, and reading the Scripture It is the general tendency of liturgical services to enhance prayer at the expense of preaching But the public instruction of the people is most neces- sary in order to mafic the common prayer intelligible According to the character of the preaching so is the intelligent piety of the people the Prayer Book, though in constant use, did not keep England from spiritual decline in the eighteenth century, when tho tone of preaching fell But tho revived preaching made the common prayer better understood and more appreciated At tbo present day different congregations or parishes show an interest in the liturgical scrvico common to Hiern both, just in proportion to the intelli- gent ocqumntance with Divine truth by preaching I ho only ex- planation of the difference is the \ aried character of the public instruction "Faith cometh by hearing And how can they hear without a preacher?" "The Spirit of God blcsseth tho reiding, but especially the preaching of tho Word " Our Church haj recognised this apostolic view-the dependence of the people upon the preacher, and has sought to próvido ablo ministers of the Word of God to expound saving truth to their congregations If wc have not preachers of ability wc cannot keep our people There ure no other adventitious, aids by which congregations will be sustained the; depend upon Hie minister alike for the public prayer as ior the sermon, and tbtrcfore require men of high spiritual chai actcr, and of intellectual gifts and popular adaptation It lias ev cr been a glory of our /ion to possess an educated ministry It ma) nut havo had splendid sinecures for the encour igcment of learned leisure, and the production of the highest scholarship, but it has a provwon foran educated ministr j. It could never be said of it that as many as one-third of its annual ordinations vue of non-acidemic men who had never passed through an liuversity It could never be said that either one fifth, or a tenth, or indeed any proportion of its clergy had not studied theology. The smallest and tho poorest of Prcsb) terian churches has been as much distinguished for tho academic and theological trainmg of its ministers, as those who had the dignity of an est iblishmenl nnd the emolument of tbo State Ibis emi- nence, ralliera and Brethren, j ou hav e also resolved to sustain m this land by the emphatic decision of last Genera' Assembly to cstablisti a college within the University of Sydney Academic training does not necessarily make preachers but tbo want of it will be lese likely to prepare them. It is always a hmcntable sign of tho times when University candidates for the ministry are few, and when a Church, with facilities for learning, ordains to the ministry a large proportion of non-acadomic men. This ago of advanced enlightenment and popular instruction cannot afford to do without culuvatcd intelligence ns well ns piety in tho pulpit. "It God has no need fsr learning," said the caustic South, " be can bave less of our ignorance." Ï he pulpit of our time is m different ciroumstances from those >t has t> or before experienced. The Press has been gaining, while the pulpit has been losing popular power. This has not been because the Press has usurped the phec of the Pulpit, for it rarely writes on religion, but becauso it has sustained its work with more ability, v ith better adaptation to the wants of the people, and with more equitable rewards Tor the talent enlisted in its Ecrvicc. Acoustomed to read well-written, intellectual, ind instructs c papers, periodicals, and books, whoso style captivates -whose themes interest, and whose thoughts enlighten and elevate, people cease to admire and listen to preaches of feeble mind, or of listless manner. It is also not to be denied that much «f preaching is to« academic and dry, and too weak and coarse. Clerical education has lucked an cloment which brings the religious teacher into sympathy with the common people, and has paid too httlo attention to the art of speaking, which is c\ cr an effective aid of popular instruct on. People complain that they hear only good men, who do not com- mand their attention or stimulate their thought Ileligious truth has been uttered in technical phrases borrowed from an age long gone bj, ind unfamiliar to the car. 'UJivimty," said the late Mr. Isaac Taylor, whom it was sometimes my hapmncsa to hear while he expatiated tojaclcot friends on this sub) cot,-" Divinity fills up her weekly hour by the grave and gentle excitement of an orthodox discourse, or by toiling through her narrow round of systematic dogmas, or by creeping along somo low level of school-boy morahtv, or by addressing tbe initialed m mystic phrasoolegy, but it has oeascd to employ lipa such as those of Chrysostom or Bourdaloue. Preachers have been prone to underrate the capacity of their bearers, and by failing to address them in perspicuous language, have lost that hold of the public mind, which in the hands of a, thoughtful, energetic, and earnest pretohor, makes the pulpit a mighty lever of spiritual and social elevation witn which, to bless mankind. Ibe pulpit needs highei intellect. Tho theme with which it Is occupied is worthy of the noblest thought-has the lofttost elevation and the most extensive range, and grasps the two eternities of the past and the future with tho grand area that lies between thom It has the most varied topics of Creation, Providence, and Redemption m all their relations to the welfare and condition of man, and to man as related to God. It has a text book made to hand within whose ample revelation there is store for suggesting, illustrating, and applying instructive truth. It has abundant scope for argument, Invention, persuasion, and appeal in dis- coursing upon the doctrines arid duties revealed in Scripture. It has the purest motives and the most sacred intcreets to urge to the faithful discharge of its office. It has radiant promises lo encourage large success. It has dread anathemas to discourage unfaithfulness. But it must possess a higher Intelligence, a warmer sympathy and moro intense earnestness to make it effective." This is an agc of acti\ c thought. Its intelligence sees clearly and is capable of apprehending close and pointed argument ; but it will not wait for prolixity and circumlocution. It has cul- tivation to appreciate the beauties of style and tho graces of eloquence ; but its c\ cry day experience is against the affeotcd | and the histrionic, " the start and stare theatric " in tho Christian pulpit. Its earnestness in worldliness can recognise and esti- mate the burning zeal of the preacher on other worldliness ; but a boisterous orator;, or even a graceful utterance, will not atono for want of intellect. Light and love, intellect and heart, attri- butes so eminently characteristic of God, must adorn those who, m the name of God, address their fellow-men. Greater light must come from earnest study of Divine '.ruth-of the oracles of God, and greater loi e from the baptism of fire bestowed bvthc liol} Ghost. preachers must bo '> earnest, and lot their earnestness be manifest. \\\ ith a theme so diviuc and interests so momentous, ho must bo m earnest who is an ambassador of Christ-who pleads with men to bo reconciled to God-who counsels, reproves, rebukes, exhorts, that man may be thoroughly furnished unto all good works. This is demanded by the nature of tho work preuching the Gospel-by the necessities of men as perishing sinners, and by the object aimed at-to savo souls. " Now," says the late Angelí James, " this is earnestness in preach- ing, when it is evident to the hearer that the preacher feels the truths ho discourses-when it is manifest to all that he believes what he says, in afHriulng that his hearers arc sinking into perdition, and that he is labouring to persuado them to forsake their evil courses ; when his sermons aro full of close pointed personal addresses, when, in short, thrsugh the whole discourse the preacher is seen moving onward from the under- standing to a closer and closer approximation to the heart in the conclusion, and the hearer feels at length the hand of the preacher seizing lum with a mysterious and resistless power and bearing him away, almost whether he will or no, to Christ, salvation, and heaven." But preaching must also he adapted to the agc and to the cir- cumstances of the people The great theme is, never to be lost sight of-the preaching of Christ crucified ; but tho treatment of this theme need not be cast in tho mould of extinct controversies, or nntiquatod technicalities. Every agc has its peculiar necessities, and the Bible is a book for all time and for till people. The sa\ ing doctrines of tho Scriptures are to be applied to the oom mon life of men, to the business and to the pleasures of the world. Tho pulpit lins been in danger of separation from the common occupations and thoughts of nlcn, and has been regarded as belonging only to sacred days and holy places. This must not bo allowed. Toe morals of money, of business, aud of trade muBt have their place in the pulpit, and bo freely and fully discussed, and faithfull) applied to the con- science. Society needs Instruction on theso points. lu nn agc like the present when business, politics, and pleasures arc so earnestly oultiv atcd, and when thero arc so many tempta- tions arising from these pursuits to disturb the equilibrium of a good conscience, It is of the greatest consequence that those who occupy the pulpit should endeavour with solid thought, fresh and Btnking illustration, elegant, and above all earnest address to interest their congregations in the truth, and t« adorn the doctrine of God their Saviour in alt things. Betigion is the wholesome lever of life, of liberty, business, politics, and pleasure, and tbo want ofit is a miserable preparation for tho duties and tempta- tions of every day experience. The Influence of the pulpit cannot fail to be great when the doctrines of the Gospel are' earnestly and practically entoieed ; butlnorder that the present age may bo rightly and profitably taught, there must be In the preacher thought as solid and suggestive, eloquence as brilliant and attractive, as are found| among lawyers and poli- ticians, point as precise, sagasity as keen, labour as untiring, as arc evinced by men in business-zest as fresh and stimulus as exciting as arc manifested by persons in pursuit of pleasure, accompanied with a solemnity and au earnostness calculated to impress with thoughtfulncss, and awaken to spiritual ooncorns, * and to bring under the pawer of the Gospel the busy who taroo? o-r exchanges, our ornees, and our trades, or Who hold pastoral and agricultural anas, and the leisurely Wbascok the excitement of theatres and of balts, of tie raeecourse or the regatta. Tbo great social sins which abonna are fitting- themes for pulpit dUquiiitions. The preacher Can influence pubUo souti mtnt on these point». He has peculiar vantage ground for doing this with effect. Ho can choose bis own texts, and ha» groat license of all topic» that directly or infercntlally flow from tho sacred writings. And when, from orrong personal conviction and ardent 7eal for «he public welfare, he uses hu high pro- rogate c to refer to prevailing sins, his words carry weight, and become the seeds of social reforms. The pulpit has much m ita power, and it must not shrink from It» duty to address people on the v ices that sap the foundation» of public morals and neutralise so much of religious effort to do good. The social ovil, tho immoralities of trade, the v ire of drunkenness, tho relation of tmploycr to employed, cught occasionally to bo reasoned in tho pulpit, and Christian truth pressed upon the consciences of men. rho pulpit, to be effective, must be sustained by tho godliness and consiitency of ministerial lifer. None can bo effective for good in the pulpit if ho bo not a mun of God-ir ho do not pos- sess and BUBtain personal religión ; if ho do not lire by the faith of Christ; display the spirit of Christ, and cultivate? charity lu speech, and sustain a consistency in all his relationhip> to men. " Our own personal religion is tho mainspring of all our power lu the pulpit." That can only exist by union to ohuroh, can only advance by constant communion with Christ. An inconsistent minister destroys by hi» dally life what ho declares by his words. As occupied with a sacred calling, we are surrounded by inducement* to be godly; as believers in Christ, wc have all facilities for living as members of His body ; »a expected to bo examples of what wo teach, wo aro bound to keep up our spiritual tone. Moro damage has been dono by the inconsistencies of ministers in a new country than can well bo told. It is a reproach not easily wiped out. It is an offence not readily removed. It gives a license to the sinner, and where morality is moro lax, as in a new land, makes worldly people consider the Christian mlniBtrya trade, in which hypoorisy covers em. Fathers and Brethren, let us who depend so much upon tho prcaohcr, strive to make tho pulpit a power for good in tho Church to which wc belong. Wherever there ia an intelligent, earnest, and consistent preacher, society cannot fail to reap tho benefit He may not bo brilliant in genius or mighty in intellect, but when to a clear and fervent instruction in the pulpit ho adds tho «« rhctono of hi» life " in consistent conduct and philanthropic efforts, ho become» a father to tho people and a benefactor to his country The pre- sence of such n man is a reproof to sin , his counsel» settle difficulties, his labours clcvato and reform a dis- trict He is always the prcaoher - .' an illuminated GoBpcl"-and his flock aro his living epistles known and read of all men Hu lives in the affection and respect of his S conic , amidst their tears ho is borne at death to an honourable urial, ho leaves a memory fragrant with tho good works and alms deeds which he did, and finally takes his place in the im- mortal sphere where they who turn many to righteousness saino as the stars for over and ever May the Great Head of the Church abundantly bless all His servants m the ministry among us, and ralso up others richly endowed with His Spirit to dlschargo tho high office of ambassa- dors for Christ in the pulpit of Australia The Assembly proceeded to consider the appomtmont of a Clerk of the Assembly The Rev William Pi/bves, the convenor of the com- mittee on the matter of the clerkship, intimated that ho would be prepared to bring up a report of that committee on Thursday morning, and moved that the Bev. J B. Laughton bo requested to act as clerk until tho report of that committee should have been considered. The motion was seconded by the Rev, John M'Qiiuion, and was carried by a unanimous vote. On the motion of the Kev. Mr Laughton, olork of the Committee of Bills and Overtures, the report of that committee and the liBt of documents received woro ordorod tobe transmitted to the Assembly. Ibo Assembly also fixed tbo order of business for Thurs- day, the 24(h instant, and fixed ordinary hours of meeting every day during the session-on every lawful day between 10 SU a si and 2 30 pin, and between 6 p m and suoh time after as the Assembly should determine Hours, except m certain specified cases, not to be altered, except on motion. A diet for devotional exercises was fixed forlhursday (jesterday), at 9 45 a m , to be conducted by Mr. Gibson, of Yass, and Mr. Kinress, of Kiama The Assembly adiourned till Thursday morning at a quarter to 10 o'clock. SECOÍ.D SEDEIITINT The Aesemblj met for devotional exercises at Í) 43 on Thursday, the 24th instant, and engaged in prayer. At 10 30 the Moderator constituted the Assembly wit h prayer. The Rev Geohoe Macfie moved, and the Rev. J. B L^gkion seconded, "1 hat a vote of thanks be given to tho Rev William Purves (the late Moderator), for hiB ex- cellent and appropriate discouree delivered at the opening et the Assembly. Ihis resolution waa put end carried unanimously. The Rev, W Pukve« brought up the roport of the committee on the subject of the clerkship of the Assembly, Ï he report waa received, and was thereupon considered in a matter of the whole Houbb, the Rev. William Ross (of Goulburn) aotmg as chairman, and Mr. Paterson as clerk. After the deliberations of the committee the Assembly resumed, and the chairman brougbt up the report of the committee of the whole House, which was adopted, and the Assembly resolved, m the terms thereof-"lhat the repot r, as amended in committee, and finally approved by the Assembly, be printed in tho appendix to the minutes." IheRev l)r Tulleuton dissented from that part of the repsrt having reference to the salary of the clerk. Ihe Rev Adasi Thomson then moved, and the Rev. Mr. Dougall seconded, the following resolution,-" That the Kev. James B Laughton, mimstor of Parramatta, be appointed Clerk of the Assembly." Ihe motion was put and carried by a unanimous voto. Ihe Moderator having signified to the Rev. Mr. Laughton the resolution of Assembly, that gentleman signi- fied nie acceptance of the oflice to which be had been called, and made the usual declaration de fideh. A communication was road from the Moderator of the Fresbytetian Church of Victoria, expressive of regret that hu and the clerk of that Church, who had been appointed to attend as a deputation, had found it impossible tobo present at this meeting of the General Assembly of the Presby- terian Church of New South Wales. The Assembly instructed the Moderator to reply to that cc nimunlcation, expressing the regret of tho Assembly that the deputation of tue Church of Victoria would not be able to attend.' Tho Assembly proceeded to consider returns to overture of I860 anent election of Moderators of Assembly. Only two Presbyteries had sent in returns favourable to the overture simplieiter. Three others were favourable, but suggested, or expressed a willingness to adopt certain modi- fications. The Rev. Mr, Geikie moved, and the Rev. Mr. Dougall seconded,-That the overture be declared to ba the law of the Church." On this the following amendment waa moved by. Mr. Bain, and seconded by Mr. Ross (of Goulburn)-"That the overture be modified in the terms of the alterations stated tbereoa in the return from the Presbyter; of Goulburn, and that in this form it do pass into u standing law of the Church." The original motion waa carried by a majority of 17 to 10. Overtures called for anent attendance of Moderator at Government House from Presbytery of Hawkesbury and the Rev. Adam Thomson. These were read, and~ the Rev. 3\. B. Laughton was heard in support of overture of the Presbytery of the Hawkesbury. Debate adjourned till to-morrow (Friday), to take-prece- dence of other business. Assembly adjourned at 2.30 p.m. until 0 p.m. THIIlD BEDEKUNT. Assembly met at 6 p.m. and having been constituted by prayer, confirmed minutes, and proceeded to business. The Assembly called for the report of the Home Mission and Church Extension Committee, whioh waa brought up and read by the Rev. Adam Thomson, the convenor. The Rev. James Adam (of Carcoar), moved the adop- tion of the report, and that the thanks of the Assembly be given to the Rev. Convener for drawing up the same. The report was full of encouragement to all members of the Church. In the Bathurst district it was very gratify- ing to find that so much progress had been made in the appointed work. At Orango, Young, and elsewhere, the ministrations of the Church had been greatly exten- ded, and the necessity for vory long and fatiguing journeys by the ministers on pastoral duty obviated. There were places which still ureently required to be supplied-euoh as Dubbo, and the Clarence. The Rev. Mr. Robs (of Goulburn) seconded the motion, and in so doing set forth the particular exigencies of the Southern district. The Rev. Mr. Gibson supported the resolution. lhe Rev. Sr- Land also spoke to the motion, and took occasion to allude to the interests of the Presbyterian Church in several parts of the colony. He should like to hear some further particulars respecting the Macleay and Clarence River districts. He muoh desired to hear that increased action would bo taken in conneotion with mem- bers of their Church at Wellington and Dubbo. The Rev. Mr. Geikie earnestly deprecated the making of long speeches whore there was no room for disoussion as in this case, where all were agreed. Motion put and carried-convener thanked by Moderator accordingly. The Rev. J. B. Laughton, the convener of the Com- mittee on Additional Hymns and Paraphrases, then brought up the report of that committee. The roport was read hy the convener in extenso. The committee recommendod that the Assembly should sanction th« use of the selection of hymns laid on the table, in such oongregationa as might deem it to be for their edification to use them. The book so adverted to (bound up with the old Metrical Psalter) was that which was prepared by a number of the ministers and elders of the Presbyterian Church, of England, and issued, "according to the Synod oí that Church, for the use of the congregations within bouads," The Rev. Mr. Geikie moved the adoption ef tho report, and advocated the granting by the Assembly of leave to different congregations tne option of using this- hymn book. The Rev. John M'Gibjjon seconded the motion. It was very desirable that the byma books used should be those whose use was sanctioned by the Assembly. It waa also equally desirable that these who preferred to continue to use the old Psalms and the " Paraphrasée-"' should be left at liberty to do so. The Rev. Mr. Rosb (of Goulburn) took exception to some observations in the report. He insisted on the excellency of the old Scottish metrical version of the PsaltBB of David, and denied that what were alluded to as " Paraphrases " were but paraphrases bit the modern sense of the term. He maintained they were cloeor to the original text of Psalm and Setipture than the prose ver- sions. He objected to tha addition of "Chants" alto- gether, and would never submit to chanting Psalma (hear, hear)-it would be putting in the thin edge of the wedge, and if they did not set their race against anything of that sort, such an. adoption would tend to oapeizo their whole system. The Rev, Mr. Paterson desired to move, as an amend- ment, that the thanks of the Assembly bo given to the com- mittee for. their diligence (and especially to (he oonvenar), but the', tho nport be not adopted, Th<î »e*. Dr. Ètù #6ùM «apport In« amendment, if it were so modified that tfcer report should "be received." He did not like to have the report rcjeotsd, but he iras anxious to see it not adopted by tho Assembly. After eome further discussion, iu whioh the Rer. John: M'Gibbon, the Rev. Dr. Laut;, «not others, took part, The Rtiv. Mr. PatKUWN withdrew his amendment. The Rev. Dr. Lah« soveiely criticised the literary merits of the hymns and psalms in the book it was pr" posed to uso optionally instead of the old Scottish Metrical Psalms lind too " Paraphrases," and he praised the great simplicity and poetical superiority of the Scottish Psalter. He moved, as an amendment,'-''That the report be re- ceived, and be taken into consideration by the Church at the next General Assembly." The Rev. Dr. Beo was altogether opposed to- tbo in- troduction of hymn-books, and thought ihat they ought to adhere to their own Metrical Psalms and Paraphrases. He also expressed his very strong dislike of all chanting, snd disapproved of tho general tone of the report. He ', cordially Bsconded tbo amendment of Dr. Lang. The Rev. J. B. .laughton regretted that there had been anythiBg said about the " adaption of the report."' AU that was asked was this, that those congregations who thought that the use of eueh hymn-book as was mentioned in tho report of the committee, would tend to their edifica«' lion should have loave to use it. It appeared to have beon altogether forgotten that the Presbyterian Church of Scot- land had received its metrical version of Psalms from the , Presbyterian Church of England. They, emanated from . Westminster in 1647, and wore principally written by John . Rouse. The Rev.Mr. Kinross (of Kiama) supported the Rev. ! Mr. Geikie'a motion, and argued in favour of the liberty asked for (in respect of the hymn-book) being conceded to congregations, at tbeir expressed desire. He hkewiss com- bated the arguments of those who had oppesed the motion -exposed the illogical conclusions of those who had boen pleased to asBBmo that '. ehanting " was, on any reasonablo I hypothesis, opposed to orthodox PreshyterianiBm, and vindicated Dr. Bonar as an bymnologist from the tren- chant criticisms of Dr. Lang. The Rov. John Docoall thought the collection of the Scottish Motrical Psalms and the ''Paraphrases" was, on the whole, one of an inferior character. He was in favour of the optional use of hymns by congregation« with the sanction of tho Assembly. The Rev. Mr. Maofie epoko in favour of the optional use ef hymne, Ho could not seo why they should ha confined to the motrical version» of Psalms taken from the Old Testament. The ancient Christians were not re- stricted, and why should they be ? The Rev. Mr. Bain again addressed the ABsombly in support of the amendment. After several other speeches- amongst which wero ad- dresses from Mr. Williami Robb- (formerly of Went- worth), and Mr. M'Kenzie-the Rev. Mr. Geikie replied, pointing out that the Assembly was not asked either to adopt any hymn book, or even diroctly to sanotlon it. They wero only asked to permit those churches to uso it that desired to do so. Ultimately the resolution of the Rev. Mr. Geikie was carried by a majority of 16 to 9, in tbo following shape : " That the report be reoeived, and that the recommandation contained therein be adopted ; namely, that the General Assembly sanction the use of the selection of hymns now laid on the table, in Buch congregations of the Church as may deem its uso to bo for their edification." The Assembly adjourned at half-past 10¡ until this day (Friday), at 10 am, 