THEATRICAL. «.£.Ff?,*linOmmcro,1:?1 eltv w''--ut an noted drama Would be like a world without a Bun.— HaztUt, The MetropolitanJStage. ' Plying Scud ' was entered for tho People's Stakes on the Royal Course' last Saturday,' and being in excellsint form, w*ll mounted,' and akilfully handled, won'.oaallv. ? So the old favourite, you . Bee, maintains hiB place in public estimation1, and is not likely to vncato it for somo time to come. But not to continue this horsey talk, lest I should bo betrayed, as I no doubt should, into aomo egregious blunder, and writo myself down nn nss in racing matters, of which I kno.w-as..little as this pen does, I -will-just lem'ark that Mr. Boucicault's taking drama drew a very largo audience to tho Theatre ., .Royal on the evening 61 the day just' named, and seemed to bo as keenly enjoyed as though it had all the bloom of nbvelty'upbn' it. To bo sure, there wero somo hundreds of our country cousins present, most of whom had probably never. Been it before ;.-but, -on the other hand, there was many a person in tho audience who, like myself, had witnessed its performance half a dozen timec, and who watched every scene with unabated interest Wo ?' knew what was coming. Wo could have (given either of tho actors his cuo if he lad stuck (and Mr. Lambert was very looso in' tHb'.text), and tho whole thing was as familjar to us as one of Sheridan's comedies. Nevertheless, ' Flying Scud' was as fresh as evor/-i-'Mr.' Honnings has enriched it with ihreo/ new 'scenes— tho straggling -village street liti-';thb first act, Epsom racecourse, andw^e -Do'vcr^Sanda,. by moonlight. The cast' was~th6 same as 'heretofore, excepting' that Mr. Munro played Lord Woodbie, and played it very well;- whileOhowsrr fell into the hands of Mr'. Humphreys, who did all it was possible to 4° : for tho part by characteristically making' up as the loose leg of 'ther.quadruped.i' That Mo. Davis ., obtained k ilatfering~\ reception ;? thnlT 'the dance of th'e- jookeys was encored-'; and-that the exciting Bcene of tho Derby Day kept everybody's attention. on the stretch and brought a good many malo occupants of the dregs circle, down upp'p. the sta^e, whije, they exhibited' a!surpriBing-indifferenco to the! race ifnd a strong propensity to4urvoy tHe11 audience through their opera-glasses, aro circumstances .which , you^vould-f.naturnlly assume to1 Tiappen^ and which it is almost superfluous to.montion ,as -having^ happened. ? After the drama came aomo 61e ver gymnastic ieatsbylthe MartinettiTroupoi dridtnbn'some - graceful dancing,. in,whichMadamfl .Mathiou. bounded about the'stagoaa though' 'she wbrb' fashioned ; of ! somo elastic substance .Whioh gave herrcsilicncy as of ten asher foot touched the boards. Finally a long bill was, brought to a close by the ' Bonnie Fishwife)' in ?which thelparfcof Magi»ior Macfarlane 'is sus tained by Miss Eloiso Juno. (Oh, .these the atrical names !) It was the first timeTh'avo seen her play it,'Jind'it struck mo as being the fcest character she appears in. Her- Scotch dialect I take to be excellent. I had no one near me who. could: translate it: for mo ; but it was not less intelligible to .TJnclo ..Oliver than fo:rthe;twoi:tfapariesd jugglers who' sate in the stalls ; and they seemed to enjoy, it. Possibly they thought it. .was an imi tation of the' ?'recitative -tjf a' Japanese opera and applauded it accordingly. I nover saw anything so eloquent as tho manual piny of theeldercbrijurbr, who seemed to bo translating the Gaelio with both hands, and conxoyjngjtsjmeaningio his com panion by the vivacious movements of his (the elder's) ten lingers. Of course this is a vrild surmise of jmino; .jind jsibasodjupori'the hypothesis thnt'tho Chaotic and Japanese' ilan- guages are related, in the samo manner as the musical instruments d£ tho two countries are. By which you must not understand mo as meaning ±fae rSeotahTand/VtheJJJipaneso fiddler, but.jtfio jbjgpipeg, and),theJbnjo — the banjo, thatis'to say^hot'of Ethiopia but o£ Yokohama. Oir t the .two, Ir prefer,, the kanjp.7It ls.only capablo,.I fancy, of emitting three or four notes, whereas the bagpipes may be made' to ctbrturd'yb'ur 'cars, to set your teeth on edge,, to giv,o you tho stomach ache, to flake you1 fdel pins' arid 'needles in your elbow joints, to irritate your temper, to provoke you to snub your wife and sparl at your dearest 'friendi arid'to fill your mind with misanthropical feelings generally, by a painful' variety 'of ' excruciating sounds. I never saw but. one pair of bagpipes -which I could respect, and thpy wero in a painting whibli Hangs' iri: bur public 'gallbry.'' They are silent, you ;know; i and ;I could forgive almost anything for the sake of tho. solemn ?iigureimmediately behind them — thobereaved husband proudly veiling his unspeakable anguish from all eyes, and gathering the sombre folds of his plaid around the1 mother . less bairn who clings to his side, and looks up tenderly and pitifully to' tho bowed head, and the darkened face, .and; the broad chest convulsively heayipg, . .with its pent-up griefs, and who s'ees: nothing but an irrepar able sorrow behind,*(pothing but a lonely and unlovely life before him. Perhaps the wail of the coronach may bo very affecting . under, such circumstances, andjit a very great distanca' I 'shouldn't care' how remote, myself, just as the hooting of the screech owl has, a thrilling effect; !i£ you. 'happen to' be passing through a lonely church-yard jibout the. middle of a pitch-dark night, and have left a cheerful Christmas . party — I am speaking of Christmas at home— whorcthey. ?WM^Uing'gho'st-ato'ne?j and; yb'u'hayono, companion, and your way lies- flWOBS the fielda^'and there -is ---a' ghostly '' rustling' in the ivy that has overgrown tho tower, . and j.-.the:.-.-: white ?',?. grave' stones ' glei-in' out spectrally and seem to disappear, like moving figures-; and tho wind moans softly through the great , y'bw-treo ; near the porch,, and shakes the diamond panes in the sunken windowB j'and'justas'you tumthe'cprheTvif the belfry;-nhd a stray spray of evergreen; has' brushed your face, an iron tongue booms df the hour, of one, breaking tho silorioo' so ab ruptly that.yburlheart' stands still -or a mo ment, and then throbs in unison with the vi brations of that sullen boll ; ? and' you have tho disagreeable sensation that your head had: suddenly grown too big for your 'hat; and' you wish that atory of thoiheadleos heiress of ? Helmington Hull had not fastened itself so pertinaciously apbn your Tnelrbry;1 and you' half regret- that youhave taken tho near'cut across tho. lields, t instead of . going -round by the road. At such a time, I say, tho ' too whit, too-whoo' of tho' owl is' particularly impressiv.e.i'flpd' so,;perchanoe;:jnay be the: groaning and tho squeaking of. tho bagpipes. And, talking'W bagpipes, I'am'brought by an altogether, unnatural association ol ideas to speak of ..the opera,:-nndr of the; revival of' ' L'Airioauie''-;;on', thene-enirig,;6f '',Monday; last, coupled1 wfyh thb'roiappoaranbo'of ,Mr,; Armes. Beaupiont. as Vosoo di.Gama. Ho met with a boisterous reception, which,',being literally.interproted, meant, ''\yo.,ar,e,very, glad fo sob and hear you; ' Wo' are triily sorry lor the terrible disaster which has befallen j'ou ; and we are much -gratified to find you I'l .will. - :? -JD I VVAVV!»'*«^»-lXilu MB ooki?» so WelL.-, .--- -.. M-*LjjiWK eard vas wttntoK'to ?«.. . Madame W:' i£S ?was tamo,' except in the closing .scene of the lasi act ; Misa Geraldirio Warden occasionally mistook effort for execution, and her upper notes were -often- so shrill ^ and. 'sharp as to wound- ,the par ;;, while- Mr. F. Lyster played Ntlusko with considerably less than- his -UBual dash, ?? I learned Bubso quently, however, that noarly.all the vocalists were suffering from tho prevalent influenza. On the other hand, what a compensating charm thero is in tho loveliness of the music. Every portion of tho opera demands and deserves a separate and special Btudy. To follow it a3 a whole, and to. analyse the sen timents it depicts, at a single sitting, is an impossibility. I have never heard it without discovering, some now beauty, or without brincing away Bonio peculiarly vivid impres SEV Borne one p»rt of : it, ? The Qther nicht I was especially struck with tho wonderful power ' which Meyerbeer1 -has px Sbited in representing the conjUcbof passion and tumult of emotion, exerted by tho dis cordant debates and farWtlejVbwduiisW of the council in the first act. With what grandeurof volume and vehemence of motion those waves of sound riso and fa# meet a full Bhock, break, and aro shattered into foam and spray ; and when tho storm has subsided, what a majestic ground-swell it 'leaves behind it, gr.aduallylapsirib into perfect calm. /All this the; orchestra paints as Stan*, field would- have; ppurtrayed a 'storm oil canvas; and! narrates as Macaulay, or Car-* lylo,or Micholet would describo the agitation' of1 an excited mass of hutaan beings,in n chapter of history. Iain glad to learn that Mr. Lyster intendu to produco ''William Toll' at tho Theatro Royal, on Monday next, with such an enlargement of the orchestra and such an addition to the choruses as will conduce to tho effective rendering of this great work. ''''' ' ' ? - ? . ;??-? At tho IJaymarket Theatre, ' ' Tho Game of ? Speculation' has been played, with Mr Hoskins as tho trump card ; now tricks aro nightly^introducod by. those- agile, - keen sighted and light-fingered Japanoso ; and tho Lqhman. Family. continue to delight bv a combination; of. three femalo. dancers of un usual ability. Of the Prince's visit to this house, of; tho enthusiasm.', 6fV his reception, and of the :special niarlcs'.of ' approbation which ho bestowed. upon' Madame Celeste's noting, it is. too latespeak.; but the incident will live- in the rocolleotion of Melbourno playgoers. ,. ? , ? . .. ,,,..,... . Mr. Thatcher's pleasant, entortainment ?meets with a fair share of ohtortainmenl;'; and Miss Annio Bramloy shines a /fixed star at the Varieties. ? '' ' '? ? ' The friends of Miss, Avonia Jones (Mrs. G. V. Brooke) in-'thi8 city wero not unpre pared for the mournful intelligence brought to_them by tho. last mail. Her sj'stem re ceived such an awful shock when the wreck of ; tho London bereft her, of the' husband she was devotedly attached to, that she nover rallied; against it, and when tho seeds of con sulnptiop, planted thomsolves in her frame, they, gained ground 'fith alarming rapidity, and tnihr growth was accelerated by expo furo to the unwholesome atmosphere and variable temperature of the theatres in which she played, as well as by tho treacherous climate of Great Britain. The releaso she ardently desired has come, and those who knew her best, who understood the weari ncBS and joylessnoss of hor life, the ' fatal remembrance!'. ;by which ' it \vaii. embittered and the .solitary,) hope and expectation -by which it 'was' sustained, will not. wish that that, life, had, been ,prol6nged,|pr', the fulfil ment of that . hopoa deferred^ Of -her genius as on actress, I am in no mood to speak.' ;-;Gifted as;sho ,was !by nature arid1 by cultivation, the admiration Bhe inspired as) an artiste- wa8:w'eak.cpmpared':with tho esteem -.and regard /she' conciliated as a woman: ' 'Unselfish, warm-hb*afted,iand high principled, a zealous friend and a, devoted diughlerl'ahe lived and ; died 'a martyr to ^Pty- Sensitively, aliyeitp disparagement, teachablo_as. a. child, frank .to a.fault,and ambitious to excel, sho passed unscathed through the temptations of a dangerous profession, rejected tho . allurementa of wealth and station, and in the midst of praise and flattery, retained the native simplicity . cdndour, and integrity of her character un altered and unalloyed. If it were permissible to her private' friends to publish tho letters which sho addressed to them with such per fect unreserve, and with such an unstudied rovelation of all she thought' .and felt, they would, apart from' the charm of their stylo aid .the interest. attaching to the personaces and-events sho was associated with, present a (portrait of a character as beautiful as it was rare, as ingenuous as it was elevated. Th thoso who wero not personally acquainted with .the 5 actress^ ,who has been taken from the world. at.tho early., ago _of twenty-ei'ht, whatlhavo written may road like the Tan giiagCof undue- eulogy, but I can conscien tiously ? aver; that in this feeble tribute 'I leivor her praises , unexpressed,',' and in the imperfect -fulfilment , of.- »' mournful duty I am conscious that I foil', to .render justice to tlioso'iquahties pfher hoart'.and mind of which she alone was unconscious, and of which, it, is impossible' to. -think without homage, or to remember without affection. ? Yours, : .-? OLIVER SURFACE. 