.. THE MAZAZJNES FOR MARCH. ;The first paper in the Fortnightly Review is exciting attention, ns it wa3 sura to do. By some it will bo read with foeliugs «f distaste, if not of hatred ; by others with a thrill of sympathy ; bntby none -can it bo read with indifference. Ihe Spectator calls it nn ' extraordinary paper,' and extraordi nary indeed it is, considering the subject, and the way ia which that subject is geuerallv treated both in Parliament and by the Press. The Saturday Review calls it ' Reform run mad;' aud no doubt it must seem so from a cer tain point of view, just as Paul's words of truth and soberness were deemed to ho in dications of madness by FeatU3. Thero can be no doubt as to the earnestness with which Mr Harrison, tho writer of tho paper in question, deals with tins subject of Reform ; aud we must say that, . whether we agree with his conclusions or not, it is this very quality of earnestness which we like. It is ns re freshing, after, the enervating hypocrisy and cont to . which we have been accustomed of lafcc, as a cold bath after exposure to an Australian ' brick-fielder.' Accepting the famous challenge put forth by Mr Lowe, as to efficiency of the. present House of Commons, Mr Harrison contends that it performs its task ill, and proceeds lo show that by the proposed change it will perform it better. What is it, ho asks that this great institution, having the greatest of all tasks before . it, charged with almost unlimited power, jipd inheriting tho most splendid oppor tunity of modern times, has really effected within a generation ? Pointing to ' twenty years of la borious indifference and apathetic commotion, two thousand nights, twenty thousand hours of discourse, bills, resolutions, blue books, and returns by square miles,' — and asking what is tho result ? he replies, ' tsns upon tons of spoiled paper, nnd the memory of some fluent talk.' Passing in review its do-nothingne3S in re gard to national education, pauperism, Ire land, law .reform, re-organi3atiou of the naval and military system, taxation and fereign po licy, he pronounces it ' false to its origin and lo its end, obstructive of progress, and indifferent to its office; not a real representation, but ''' uiask onlv and symbol of it j n^t a House of ? Commons, but a Souse of Interests ; not.a national Parliament, but the great council in our Venetian Constitution.' It is not the radical John Bright wiio thus ruthlessly denounces the House of Com mons as at present constituted ; it is a Fellow of the University of Oxford, one of the new school of politicians who have unexpectedly sprung up within tlio precints of that tine-honored stronghold of TOi'yism. Mr Harrison, wo understand, is what is' called n Pcsitivist ; and if it really be to tho influence of Positivism that we are indebted for a class of men animated by a zeal for progress such as is hero manifested, wo shall begin to think that there must be some thing iu it after all. In dealing with the question of tho franchise, lie brashes aside with vigorous con tempt the various theories and nostrums broached of late under the names of plural representation, minorities representation, and so forth. Here is ono man at least who has the courage of his opinion. ' Let power,' he says, ' be taken from those who have it, and given to those who havo it not.'1 Tho other articles in the number are all good. Swinburne's ' Ode on tho Insurrection of Candia' has stanzas gleamiug with true poetic lire. Hepworth Dixon's recent book of travels furnishes materials for a racy, suggestive paper on the religious Utopias of tlio United States. In the second instilment of his disquisition on Edmund Burke's place in English history, tho editor rescues the character of that philosophical statesman from tho charge of re- action brought against him by Buckle. Pro fessor Beesly's paper on the 'Amalgamated Society of Carpenters ' is evidently written with a view of removing some of the misrepresentations attaching to Trades' Unions generally. Miss Cobbe, who nvAmiVna trt l\n on/ifhnt* Mice pfniOflll 111 lilornW power and sympathy, culls statistics with the view of determining tho question whether England is progressing or not, and arrives at this conclusion : — Could we close our eyes to the growth of com mercial corruption and dishonesty, we might look cheerfully and confidently, if not with the romantic liopo of 1851, on almost all the conditions of our national virtue and national happiness. But until this giant evil shows signs of diminution, until the conscience of the people and the power of the laws he exerted vigorously to arrest its march, uutil then we must fear that over our imperial England, with all her power aud wealth, her brave armies and splendid institutions, may one day be pronounced the mournful judgment passed upon her mightiest son — 44 The groalesf, wisest, meanest' of the nations. The British Volunteers, as well as the British Gre nadiers, are, no doubt, very flue fellows, in what ever part, of the world they may be embodied ; but it is just possible that the childish ridicule to which they were once exposed may havo been succeeded by a fulsome flattery almost as foolish. Thero is, at any rate, a great deal of vague talk about the in vincibility of their vaior — especially in after- diuner speeches. To the notice of those who indulge in such ' liigh-falutin' oratory, we commeud the fol lowing passage, from a second paper on 'The Army,' in the March number of Blackwood The truth is, that a volunteer army, like a national guard, is something rather to bo looked at and admired than turned to practical purposes. It ?is well that it should exislt, because a certain num ber of .young men learn from it how to movo in' unison with ethers, aud how to shoot both with rifles and cannon. But if the fores is really to be utilised in the hour of danger, Parliament must pass a bill putting the volunteers, equally with the militia, under the Mutiny Act, and withdrawing the privilege Irom individuals of resignation at a fortnight's Botice. Would the volunteers submit to this if it came about ? We suspect not. Nine-tenths of them, on the contrary, so soon as the scheme got wind, would, unless we are greatly deceived, give notice of retirement at once, and so defeat the ob ject of the bill before there was timo to pass it into law. And observe that we do not write liypothe tically, but from calling to mind what actually came to pass sixty years ago. The volunteer ardor was as keen when the invasion of England by Bonaparte ?was expected as it could possibly be at any time, or has ever been since, and the martial spirit remained at fever heat for a good while. But frequent alarms and inconvenient musters gradually cooled it, till at last the Local Militia Act was passed as an arrange ment of paramount necessity. So we suspect it will be ngain if England finds herself at strife with any | power strong enough to threaten her with a lauding ; and as we are certainly not how, what we were sixty years ngo, masters of the sea, the sooner our volun teer system is either improved or merged in some thing else tho better. The critic who thus more than hints liis doubt of the availability of the home volunteers, as at present csnstituted, for serious military operations, stands up stoutly for the Yeomanry Cavalry, whom it has been the fashion of lata to suub, and. sometimes to sneer at, maintaining that, if a little more attention were paid to their special training for such service, their pluok, their muscle, their ' cross-country' local knowledge, their first-rate horsemanship, ar.d their first-rate horses, would make them almost iuimitabla irregular ? cavalry iu case of an invasion of Great Britain, a contiugencj' which, iu spite of their enormous army \v'and navy estimates, our friends at home no ^longer rank with the chauce of catching larks in ^^case tho sky should fall. Chess-playing has beeu called ' a sad waste of brains;' tho samo description would apply, in tho opinion of a good , many, to tho study of metaphysics. Of course, it is -, no sufficient objccticu to the study that it cannot i , answer cui bono ? in a merely material point of I view; but its intellectual result.; aro so un. ' satisfactory. Tho successes of its teachers aro 1 simply destructive; the constructions they excogi tate or reconstruct ' are in their turn dashed I down; nnd ss. the game goes on, like children j building and re-building Band- castles on the shore, Ontological certainty is no greater now txan in the dimly distant timo when men first began dimly to believe that noumena must underlie phænomena. Is noumena, however, a proper name for real exis tences, whex the nous, as at present constituted, can only guess at them through their phenominal veil ? Both by friends and foes metaphysics has been characterised as a running in a circle : is it not somewhat like on ineffectual attempt to realise tho Yankee fiction of tho circus-runner who ran so fast that he got a full view of his own back ? Mr Lewes's short sen tence epigrammatically indicates tho futility of grasping at The Absolute : ' To know more we must be more.' There is, notwithstanding, strange fascination in tho barren sport — a fascination which can to a certain extent be understood oven by outsiders who have rond Professor Ferrier's crystally-worded, witty, humorous, satirical, eloquent ' Institutes of Metaphysic.' More purely a metaphysician than almost any other man of modern days, the deceased St. Andrew's pro fessor, nevertheless, has put warmer blood into metaphysical abstractions — in most men's books and lectures bloodless ghosts — than almost any other metaphysician, except Plato, who ever gave his would-be answer in public to tho insoluble Riddle of Existence. General, as well as speculative readers, will find interest in Blackwood's paper on ' Ferrier.' In Blackwood he first spread his wings for his Icarian flight, in his 'Philosophy of Con sciousness,' and the magazine was also indebted to him for more widely intelligible contributions on more mundane matters. The tone of tho paper towards the Professor's system the following extract will indicate Can any mortal man understand what Mr Ferrier, with or without the aid of Plato, has made of the material world as it exists in space independently of human intelligence ? Better have annihilated it at once, and put it out of its misery. 'Not nothing, and yet less than anything' — such an ele ment is certainly not a cognition. How can it be au element in a philosopher's faith ? The cardinal point in Ferrier's philosophy is that tho only possible object of thought is 'Thing- mecum but is not this a fallacy to start with ? How can tho Ego be conscious of a combination of itself with a non-Ego of any kind without presup posing distinct conceptions of the two ? Tho very term non-Ego implies this. Pure idealism is far more logical— to wit, that all that the Ego is con scious of, is of itself in certain states of conscious ness. Let us drop from the clouds to the clods, or rather to tho strange cries that go up thence to the Heaven believed to be somewhere or other above the clouds. In ' Hymns of tho Populace' some singular specimens are given of tho psalmody that finds favor with the most uncultured inhabitants of Great Britain, and singular disclosures of what a Wesleyan class-leader would call their 'state of mind.' There is no supercilious sneering in tho paper; full justice is done to evangelists of the Richard Weaver class ; but, nevertheless, it is impossiblo to read tho paper w*ithout amusement, or without regret that any people of British blood should he iu such a condition to be only open to ' converted collier' appeals : — Shame, properly speaking, thero is none in the lavish confessions of these stalwart sinners ; and for tho reason that the preacher gains rather than loses in the estimation of his hearers by the magni tude of his errors. Wouder is the especial delight of the vulgar, and grace attracts them most by what they regard as its crowning miracles. A lady asked one of her maids why she would walk four miles to hear a rousing preaclier, when the parish clergyman was so good. Tho reply was, ' They say ho was an awfu' bad man once.' There is, wc cannot doubt, a secret sense of power in Richard Weaver, in that he capped the companions of his sinful days as much in oaths, fighting, and general blackguardism as he now rises above them ns a man sought after and wondered at by pious crowds. And moreover he cannot but feel that his training in the coal-pit and the furious relish with which he threw himself into such pleasures and enjoyments ns come in tho way of drunken colliers, do give him a swing and impetus that what he calls ' sytematicand gramma tical preacners misamtueu -- pecially do denunciations come easy, and tho terrors of the judgment, to a than over whose lips oaths once flowed like water in the running brook. Again, he says : — Richard Weaver, sincere though we believe him, has no better test than noiso of effectual conversion. Until people shout they aro doubtful. To ' die shouting' expresses, in brief, all there is to be said. A good woman, who had borne a trying illness under trying circumstances with pious hut quiet resigna tion, was considered unsatisfactory by her friends of this school ; till, worked upon by their exciting lan guage, at the moment of death she yielded to pres sure0. This put the seal of assurance upon her state. All was right. ' Sho had hollered a deal. The paper gives one a melancholy idea of the vast amount of work there is still to be done in England by education, both mental aad moral. Wide spreading and dense strata of her population have still to be dug down into by purifying enlighteners. She sends out missionaries to all the ends of the earth, and all honor to her for it— yet in her core there is heathenism as crass aad as cruel as any that Speke or Livingstone ever encountered. ' We should go to the ornithologist,' writes Emer son, ' with a new feeling, if he could teach us what the social birds say, when they sit in tho autumn council, talking together in the trees. Guesses at the meauiug of bird language figure in every mythology. The twitter of the swallow helped to give rise to the gloomy tale of Itys, and in Fraser, in ' Village Sketches in Oudh,' another melancholy story is tola to account xor xae w™ Pigeon's Cry.' The story is worth reading. Tho passively unwearying, but actively mo3t wcarisomo, ' A. IC. H. B.' proses away in another ' conccrning.' What he says, here as elsewhere, is sometimes common sense, but sense so common that it is scarcely the thing to parade with complacent conceit iu a magazine article. That sugar is sweet and vinegar sour, that it is cold in time of frost and often warm in summer, that cats mew and cabbages are grown in kitclien '?ardeus, are all, no doubt, unquestionable truths ; but if a man were to get up in tho market place and begin to proclaim them, with a self-satisfied smirk, as personal discoveries, lie would probably not meet with very respectful listeners. Dr. Boyd's revela tions aro of this kind, and yet he thinks them worthy of insertion in fir3t-class magazines andvof republication in handsome volumes— and, strange to say, they not only get inserted and republished, but tho republications run to second editions. I Mediocribus esse poe'.is ! Non Di. lion liomaio3, uou conces3cre|columun3 ; but writers of the prosiest prose would seem to be more fortunate. ' Shirley' is a far better writer than ' A. K. H. B.,' but Mr Skeltou also can oc casionally twaldle, and fancy himself humorous and satirical when he isn't. Witness his ' Politics in our Parish.' The paper somewhat curiously ends with this apostrophe lo Alexander Smith, printed in italics : — And even while I wrfee, thou too, dear old friend, laying down the poet's pen, the pen of keenest sense and kindliest humor, hast gone away into the Unknown Darkness that girdles this visionary life. We are such stuff as dreams are mado of. Visionary grow the old familiar scenes and faces, as brother after broSier steals silently from us ; spectral nnd remote the talk, the controversies, the criticisms, the habitual friendly greetings, that were once so simple and common-place. Theso too, these vague wistful memories aud regrets, the fleeting years will too quickly bear away ; but something surely must remain — something that will remind us ever and again that we have known one whose life was just in the judgment of men and pure in the sight of God; a noblef tonder, truthful, raodest and manly soul. The italics aro not the only affected thing about this— it somehow does not ring quite true— behind the white handkerchief you get a glimpse of the sGntenco maker, more preud of his mortuary per formance than mournful at the loss which ga\ o occasion for it. Mr Troll ope's story in the Cornhillh?.s recentlypro gresBsd very much in the etyle of tlic drunken Green wich pensioner who got his wooden leg into agmk-liole, and hobbled round tho sink all night, under tho im pression that ho was making great haste to tho hos pital. Florenco Burton's perplexities havo been so long protracted that wo havo grown rather weary both of them and her. It seems that sho is to have her precious idol after all. In regard to manliness, Mr Harry Clavering, with all his good opinion of him self, and his creator's liking for him, is a poor creature, and no great catch for any woman; but since plucky Lady Ongar had set her heart on him, we cannot help rogretting her disappointment. If she was willing to put up with so feeble-minded . a fellow, it would have been better for all parties, in tho long run, if she had securely re-lassoed her old lover. The following very sensible remarks, with which Mr Dicey prefaces his notice of Mr Hepworth Dixon's most interesting and successful book on America, aro the best extract we can make from Macmillan : — With every respect for the ability of Sirs Trol lope, Mr Dickens, or Mr Sala, and their imitators, I may fairly say that the English public would know considerably more about America if their books had never beeu written. Tho real truth is, that America is the most trying subject in tho world for a pro fessional litterateur to writo about, especially if ho happens to bo in the comic line of literary business. Paradoxical as the assertion may appear to the ordi nary English reader, there is very little opportunity for light writing about America. Somo few years ago, a friend of mine, who was about to cross the Atlantic oil a book-making errand, came to talk to me before his departure concerning his plans. Like all persons who have never visited the States, he wns convinced Hint he should find no lack of matter to' describe, nnd remarked to me that ho meant to do what ;;ever had been done before— to describe the common lift) of Americans. '.For instance,' he said, 'I shall gi'ye an exact description of a New England dinner party.'' My answer was, that tho idea was excellent if he liitd Jjeen writing for French men, but that, as au Americail dinner part}- was the exact fac simile of an English one, a description^ of it would possess no special interest for English readers. My friend, I need hardly say, loft me con vinced that my powers of observation were extremely limited ; but, beforo lie had been a week in America, he discovered that the old country and the new wero very much alike — too much alike, indeed, for the purposes of the descriptive writor. In truth, all the elaborate and ingenious theories which were pro pounded during the late war for the edification of our newspaper readers were based upon the assump tion that Americans were fundamentally different from Englishmen ; and the reason why all these theories proved so lamentably anil ludicrously wrong lay in the fact that tho assumption in question was radically false. If critics could once make up their minds to recognise tho simple truth that Americans are neither more nor less than Englishmen placed under conditions of climate, government and institu tions other than our own, the American question, so to speak, would present singularly little difficulty of solution. There is infinitely less difference between Chicago and Southampton than there is between Dover and Calais, though the former are separated by twice as many hundred iniles as there are single miles between the latter. If you want to understand America, you must Irj* and picture to yourself how the ordinaiy Englishmen you know would act under circumstances aunlagous to those existing across tho Atlantic. In the Temple Bar Mrs Wood's rubbishy story, ' Lady Adelaide's Oath,' is fortunately finished. Mrs Wood lias written so fast that she has not even had timo to learn to write Eng lish. Tho same slips in grammar and verbal slovenliness that disfigured her earliest works, disfigure her latest, and since in these she has run ' sensation mad,' her books now ara simply unreadable by anyone of even ordinary education, in tho true sense of tho word. Those who still ad mire her are not likely to havo their admiration increased by tho discovery that has recently been made that sho tries to palm off old tales by menus of new titles. Those who have had similar professional engagements will acknow ledge the force of Mr Yates's remarks at the com mencement of his criticism of London theatrical and music-hall performers, entitled ' At the Play — I wonder whether thero is any truth in that story so often told to us in youth, that boys, when first apprenticed to pastry- cooks, aro permitted to cat as many cakes, as much sweetstuff as they like, it bein' found that tho illness which inevitably fol lows°so disgusts them that all their predatory pro clivities are done away with for aver after, nnd the fascinating contents of tho shop are henceforward safe in their hands ? I fancy thore must be some foundation for tho story ; at all events, I believe from experience, tlint wero it tried it would provo successful. I say from experience, not as to matters of tarts, but analagous experience as to matters of theatres. In my youth I took tho greatest interest in theatres and plays, and saw both in London and on the continent all that was best worth seeing, studied dramatic literature, listened with the greatest delight to the stories told of bygone actors of repute, and thought I could never have too much of my favorite pursuit. Then it happened that I was appointed to bo dramatic critic of a great daily journal, and for six years scarcely any new piece was produced, or any old piece was revived, at any of tho numerous theatres in London, but I was prc seut at the production or revival, and wrote a more or less long description of H. Now, amongst the 'various pursuits in which I have engaged, I have never tried stojio-breaking ; it would seem to be a laborious, aud, withal, a monotonous occupation, but I should imagine it, on the whole, preferable, as an employment, to dramatic criticism. In the first place, anything done as a duty becomes at once objectionable. If you talk of tho delights of tra velling ts a Queen's messenger who has just come from St. Petersburg at express speed, and who is expecting a sheepskin bug of despatches from the Foreign Oi-fice, with which he is at once to start to Madrid, he will regard you as a lunatic, nnd tell you, witli tue lotus-eaiers, um* iucio w uu like calm.' The adjutant of the depot, whose life is passed in grinding silly school lads and idiotic rustics into officers and soldiers, looks with the wildest surprise at the volunteers, and is utterly in capable of understanding how men can devote tlioir leisure to that ' infernal drill,' and think of it as pastime. In the time of my dramatic criticism, friends, young as I myself was then, would express their envy of my position, and their belief in its ' jolliness.' Tliey little knew the jollity of having, however tired or seedy you might be, to turn out from your comfortable home and go down, no matter iu what weather, to sit for liouis listening to Stumper's tragedy, or Horsecollar's farces, or worse than all, Jinks's burlesques ; they little knew the jollity, instead of going away, as did the rest of the audience, to their suppers and their cigars, of having to trudge down to a ghastly littlo room, in a dreary old newspaper office, and thero with the choice of burning out your brains under Mazing gas, or wearing out your eyesight under shaded dips, labor away for two or threo hours trying to twist up the broken threads of the drama's plot into an intelli gible narrative, and to deal out justice among the actors nnd nctresses, with all of whom you have generally a personal acquaintance, and who are, one and all, ready to ascribe any hint that they might be better, to deliberate malice and rank hatred on your part. The English are said to be a humorous people, and certainly semo of the richest humor iu th!e world is embalmed in the English language ; Cockneys too, are credited with a vein of ge nuine, although vulgaii', wit ; but of either wit or humor, not a scintilla can bo detected in the idiotic ' comic' songs which have long been the rage at the London music halls, nnd have travelled thence to corrupt the popular taste of tho provinces and colonies, if Mr Yates's description of the dreary dolts who howl ' Slap-bang' and its kindred musical monstrosities is to be accepted as truthful. The only noticeablo thing in the St. James's is ft notice of Alexander Smith— noticeable for the ludicrously stilted stylo in which it commences, and for the droll nir of superiority to his subject as sumed by the previously unheard of ' literary gen tleman' who writes it. Thero is a far better notice q£ tho unconsciously plagiarising but, nevertheless, powerfully original poet, pleasant essayist, and genial though re ticent mac, in Good H'o vcU: . Perhaps tho eulogy 13 pitched a littlo too l-iigh — the reluHve position cf the author of tho ' City Poems' aud ' Drcarathorpe' is assigned where posterity, eliould post-i'l tj' bccome acquainted \Yith him, will not ice it ; but this is the escasablo exaggeration of a re gretful friend. The sneers at Mr Geo. Gilfillan, however, are not so justifiable. A whilora 'Sydney celebrity, Frank Fowler, said wittily of Mr Gilfillan, 'He runs about with a soap-bubble, and thinks himself Atlas ;' but whatever opinion may be held of the reverend litterateur's style and his own estimate of it, thero oan be no doubt that ho has been ono of the first to detect young talent iu more than one instance, and has done good service in encouraging it. The engraved portrait of tho poet in Good Words, as well as that in tho Illustrated London News, somewhat flatters his 'frank,' but certainly not 'handsome coun tenance.' Mr Macdonald has given himself need lessly up-hill work in his ' Guild Court, ' by taking for his ' hero ' a muff so ineffable. Dr. Macleod's capital story of ' The Starling' proceeds famously. It has given great offence to tho ' most straitest sect' of the Sabbata rian Pharisees. The jovial editor must take care cr they will make a Star Chamber, i. c., a Presbytery, Synod, and General Assembly ' nsattcr of it.' In tho Argosy, in the course of some ' Notes on Poetry and Poets,' Mr Matthew Browne very truthfully remarks, ' criticism of this kind may easily descend to triviali ties.' He seems to think that he is making a great discovery in proclaiming that alliteration lends its artful aid to poetry, and that- recurrent vowels and liquids are main secrets of its musical gurgle. To prove these points, he palls beautiful lines to pieces as children pick flowers, and blotches his pages with queer-looking quotations uncouthly printed with big letters. To call attention to the music of his own prose style — it might not, perhaps, have been dis coverable without the hint — he informs us that, having mitten one word, ho scratched it out, and substituted another for it ; and, with similar self complacent egotism — perhaps to increase our astonishment at the profuudity of his paper — he inti mates that it was written ' in haste.' The greatest writer, who writes for money, has no right to plead that excuse as an apology for insufficient performance; but on the part of Mr -Matthew Browne such airs of free-and-easiness are simply impertinent. His best is not so very good that readers of the magazine which he is paid to help to fill should be called upon at any time to put up with anything he chooses to scribble in a hurry. Beyond his business of essay writing, what has lie lo do with his time to make it so marvellously precious ? And if he had anything, what concern would it be of those who buy the Argosy ! 