THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH RACES. [From our Melbourne Correspondent.] November 30. It is said, and with no doubt much truth, that the Angle-Saxon race require bat email provocation to get up a dinner, the pet demon-<*> station at home, and here, whether in the in- tenor or as tue metropolis, no Opportunity I s missed of getting oat ah extra day's racing, so ; that it is hardly to be wondered that the presence of His Royal Highness has been | seized upon to improvise a, meeting, and j when the proclivities of the people to this kind | of sport is superadded to the attraction of I seeing a live prince with his suite, it is hardly to be wondered that the attendance to-day was beyond anything ewr seen before on the Flemington Racecourse. The management, alive to tbe probability of a large attendance, had made very considerable improvements and extensions, so as to be able to accommodate the expected increase, and it was well indeed that they r<ad done so. The day was beautifully fine, and *-he light rain of yesterday morning bad sufficed to freshen the sward into fine racing condition- Long before the announced time for starting One first race there was a considerable gathering upon the bill; and as the public offices and places of busi ness in Melbourne closed at and about midday, the attendance rapidly increased, until there wad probably not far short of 30,000 pre sent on the ground. His Boyal Highness, ace •mpanied by His Excellency and their re spective suites, arrived at the Grand Stand at 12 precisely, and was enthusiastically received, bowing bis acknowledgment of the compliment He appeared highly pleased with the gathering. The Band of the 14th was on the ground,-and played popular music during the afternoon. The racing was very fair; bnt the interest in the events of tbe day suffered from the eclipsing competition of His Boyal High ness's presence, and there were many more enquiries as to which was the Duke than which was Sydney Tim. The interest in the Steeplechase was much reduced by the bringing tbe event down to the level of a mere hurdle race by the removal of the water jump, making the event a sort of sporting " Hamlet without the ghost," and one eau hardly conceive that His Royal Highness will go away with a high impression of our "Jcross coontry" accomplishments, if the best race of this kmd that we can put before him is a mere httrdle race, with an anything hot HirfimiH; log fence and low stone wall thrown in- Otherwise the arrangements were excellent, and that energetic officer of tbe Club. Mr. Bagot, deserves high commendation for his very credit able executive management of the afiair. Tbe " card" exhibited sport enough, as far as events were concerned, no less than seven races being in the programme. Mr. G. Watson performed the duties of Suuter, and Ca.pt Scott acted as Judge. It is a most creditable feature of the affair fiat the multitude behaved themselves, and allowed His Boyal nig?ni«?« to enjoy himself without being mobbed to death. He was, lam happy to say, allowed to go hither and thither, smoke his cigarette, eat his lunch with a few friends, &c;, without being offensively and impertinently subjected to ultra loyalism or toadying—a freedom which he appeared to fully appre ciate, and looked much the brighter and easier for the absence of the restraint wbich the somewhat embarrassing solici tude and observation to which he has been ! subjected has hitherto rendered necessary, i The tent which was fitted up expressly for the j royal snd vice-regal party, was a very tasteful i affair. On the table were a selection of the : choicest pelargoniums and fuchsias to be seen j in the colony at the present time. They were supplied from the conservatory of Mr. Hugh : Glass under the charge of that gentleman's head gardener. Me Ferguson. At each aid of the tent was a flower-stand covered with tbe choicest potted flowers in full bloom, also fur nished by the same gentleman. The wines supplied in the rent were expressly selected bom the best of Mr. Scott's stock. The first event of the day, which came off with admirable punctuality at 12.15, was the £100 Plate; distance a straight half-mile. For this 14 horses started. Warrior got die lead at starting, but was passed on the post by Satellite, and the p&sting; was as follows :— Satellite, Sst 13 lbs. (Walsh) ... .„ 1 Warrior, Bst 13 lbs. (Stevens) 2 Protection, Bst 13 lbs. (JT. Bishop) ... 3 Time. 53 sees. It was stated that the Prince held £50 interest in Goyder's sweep over this race. The Hurdle Race, of 5 so vs., with 150 soys. added, about three miles, over eight hurdles, brought out the following field:—Torkshire man, 10 st 7 lbs. ; Valentine, 10 st 4 lbs.; L^dy Clare, 10 st 4 lbs.; Laurel, 10 st 1 lb.; Surprise, 9st 12 lbs. ; Sir Walter, 9 st 12 lbs.; Pyrxhus, 9 st 7 lbs. ; Messenger, 9st 4 lbs. ; Baron, 9 st 2 lbs. ; Active, 9 st 2 lbs.: Satellite, 9 st; Maid of the Wannon, Bst 13 lbs. ; Little King, Bst 12 lbs.; The Count, sst 10 lbs. The fourteen tot away fairly in line, bnt Satellite and Valentine led nearly together over the first flight The second hurdles nnwaW four jocks, the tiderless mu,s keeping the course as though steered by man, Little King actually leading for come time. The pice throughout the first round was ex cellent On coming past the Judge's chair the first time the La<<y led, Pyirhus second, Count third. Baron fourth, and Walter fifth. At the back of the course Sir Walter's chance was lost by his rider coining to grief at the abattoir hurdles. The race for the remainder was be tween Lady Clare and Pyrrirus, and in. spite of hard pushing on the part of Callanan, Downs landed the maze a winner by a length. Lady Clare 1 Pyrrbta 2 Surprise 3 The Sapling Stakes, a handicap of 10 soys. with 200 soys. added, for two year-olds, dis tance, f mile, brought out the following colts and fillies:—FeneUa and Melancholy Jacques, Bst 7 lbs. each; Mr Dream, Bst 2 lbs. ; Zouave, 8 st; and M. Le Beau, 7st 10 lbs. Le Bean took a preliminary run round the course aud delayed the start a, few minutes. Little Briton got away with a slight lead, Zouave second. Themelancholy party, however, j went to the front at the turn, and held the ! lead, closely pushed by'the Zouave. FeneUa also tried a Chiffney rush when near home, j but could not do the trick. Melancholy Jacques (Stanley) 1 Zouave (Griffin) 2 Fenella (Davis) ._ .„ 3 Time, 1 m. 21 sees. The greatest interest appeared to centre in the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes, partly because of the heavy stakes—s eovs. each, with 590 soys, added, 50 soys. for the second, and the third horse to save his stakes—and probably in many instances from the association, by name, with our royal visitor. The distance was one mile and a-halC. For the event 15 came to the start In spite of his canying the top weight, Sydney Tim was all over the favorite; Barwon was also strong in public favor. The following were posted as starters:—Tim UTuffler(Sydney), 10 st 1 lb.; Tim Whiffler (Craig's), Bst 9 lbs. ; Exile, Bst 4 lbs. ; Cowra, 8 st; Strop, 7et 12 lbs; Barwon, 7st 10 lbs.; Fireworks, 7st 7 lbs.; Woodman, 7 st 5 lbs.; Toryboy, 7st 4 lbs. ; Glencoe, 7 st 3 lbs. ; Cedric, 6st 2 lbs. ; Sylvia, 6 s\ 12 lbs.; Queen of Hearts, 6 st 9 lbs. ; The Swell, 6st 7 lbs. Lancashire Witch, 6 st 4 lbs. After a considerable amount of fiddling at the start, the lot got away, Barwon taking the fro.t, Fireworks keeping good company as second, the rest sailing round well together to the back of the course, where Tim's coxswain, DriscoU, put on steam and annonnced tiimaJf in front Both Exile and Fireworks tried him bard at the bend coming into the straight tun ning, bot by a little suasive force, DriscoU put the Sydney crack a length in front, and in OaaA order they arrived at the winning post Sydney Tim (DriscoU} ... .„ ... 1 Exile (Waterman) 2 Fireworks (Stanley) 2 Toryboy an indifferent fourth. Time. 2 mm. 56|sec: The Steeplechase, aa it was by courtesy styled, followed—distance three miles. For this the following hones went—Banker, 12st 3lbs.; Babbler, list 7lbs.; Bondo, list; BenicU Boy, 9 st. 10 lbs. ; Echo, 9st 10 lbs. ; Western, 9 st. 7 lbs. ; FiietaiL 9 fit 4 lbs.; Poudon, 9st 4lbs.; Baron, 9st 2lbs.; Gamesock, 9Bt; Black Bess, 9st ; Woodman, 9st Mr. White head declared to win with Bondo. The favorit ism of the public before the start was about divided between Banker and Bondo. The water jump, the fete noir of steeplechasing, being re moved, despite the exitra weight, perhaps Mr. Watson's horse was in favor; many, however, knowing what old three legs and a swinger Firetail had done pinned their faiih on him. Western got away with a strong lead, followed by Firetail close op, the rest within speaking distance. Firetail for a time got a lead, bnt could not keep it Benicia Boy and Pondon then tried a brief lead. At the outside jumps Banker went through his horses, having been previously lying behind; and on coming round the first time Western led, Banker a close second. Echo and Babbler third and fourth respectively. Black Bess and Woodman experienced' a spill at the abattoir hurdles, and with Gamecock were virtually. out of the race in the first tour. Western held his way round, old Banker apparently "waiting on him," and on seeing the happy moment Jobnson spoke to his horse, ."and the lanrels, which seemed likely to become the property of Western, again became a reversionary interest. Babbler, too, at this late stage made play, and if anything had happened to the two leaders must have taken the soys. As it was, Western in the straight led, and it was all over but holloaing, when Johnson talked whipcord to tbe Banker, and voilu. — Banker (Johnston) 1 Western (Chiffney) 2 Babbler (Bowes) 3 Won by a head and neck. Th - next event on the card was the Galatea Stakes of 10 soys., with 250 soys. added. Second horse 50 so is.; third horse to save his stakes. Two miles. Seven started—Tim Whiffler, 9 st 9 lbs. ; Cowra, 9st 4 lbs. ; Glencoe, 6st 10 lbs. ; Fireworks, 6 st 10 lbs. ; Queen of Heart. 6at 5 lbs. ; The Fly, 6 st 5 lbs. ; Sylvia, 6et 5 lbs. The two first being 5 years, and the rest 3 rears old. At the start i Fireworks took the lead and maintained it throughout, The Fly and Tim Whiffler accom panying her closely. At the river side of the ; course Tim Whiffler, who was pulling to the front ran against a post, and though he gamely struggled on, he was evidently hor* de combat as to winning after the shock he had received. Glencoe and Fireworks at the turn raced for first place; FireT/orks, however, left half a dozen lengths Itetween them, and the result stood— Fireworks (Stanley) ..i , im ... 1 Glencoe (Bennct) ..; .. ; ..; .. 2 The Fly ... 3 Time, 3 mm. 43 sees. The concluding race was the Railway Stakes of 5 soys. each, with 150 soys. added. If entered to be sold for 200 soys., 7 lbs allowed ; if for 100 Boys. 14 lbs. Sip Van Winkle came in first, an easy winner; L. L. second ; and the Victorian Tim Whiffler third. This was a good race. The Duke of Edinburgh remained nntil the finish, and was loudly cheered on leaving the Course. The Duke expressed his great ad miration of our Racecourse, and said it only wanted foliage to surpass anything in the old country. __^ •mm——,—,.^— 