LIGHT FARMERS' CLUB. The following paper was read by the Secretary, Mr. lunger. to the Light Farmers" Club at their last monthly meeting, in reply to a paper read by Mr. Alexander at the last meeting of the Smith field Club:— "Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—In a paper read by Mr. Alexander to the Smhhfield Farmers' Club that gentleman endeavours ti show, along with a lot of oi her useless done avd undone matter, that Mr. A. Hayhasoverdone his stew in introducing a new Land GUI based on deferred payments and free selection. Gentlemen, I consider the Light Farmers" Club, who have spent their time and money these la-t three years advocating Mr. liay's principle, should not allow such statements as Mr. Alexander's to go before the public unchallenged: therefore I put these few notes together for your approval. Mr. Alexander begins with the Scotch anecdote about a man that did not like the thing underdone or overdone, hut just weel done, which makes me remember an Irish anecdote winch will suit Mr. Alexander and his arguments to a T. A certain woman had a blind husband, and when at meals the blind man had potatoes and salt, while the woman had meat, butter, or the hest she could procure. The blind man used to say, 'Oh, tlicu, will we ever have better fare than this?' The woman would say, *1 pray Cod it inay nevor he worse,' lapping up her luxury. So with Mr. Alexander. He is very comfortable on the Smith's Creek, and if the poor devils from there to I'ort Gawler complain of scanty farms, re.l rust, black rust, ortakcall, caused by excessive cropping, he will say—Let very well alone; shut up, and he thankful. Before I contradict one statement Mr. Alexander has made. I will lay down the principles on winch the Light Farmers' Club would wish Mr. Hay to base his new Hill. It is-free selection, deferred payments, occupation, cultivation, and limitation. Mr. Alexander says i-y free selec tion Air. Grant got possession of two miles of the creek. Has Mr. Alexander such a poor opinion of I Mr. Hay and the public astotbinkthata limitation clause could not be inserted to prevent Mr. Grant, .Mr. Alexander, or any other liig hug from Smith field occupying but a certain frontage of the cicck, and a certain number of acres; so that if they should lie first, they could not do asthev have done before at Smith's Creek—try and st.ui the creek ' from running, so as tile poor devils ialow would I die of thirsi : Mr. Alexander says be is certain by free selection the country won! 1 fill ; into the bauds of capitalists; for instance, I his own t'iiil) would rush, and take up < all the creelcs from Sniillifield to Goydcr's r:iin i fall mark. Sow, Mr. Chairman, 1 will ask vou I I and those gentlemen present, cannot Mr. Hay j introduce a limitation clause to prohibit Mr. 1 i Alexander and his Club from nioiiop.-iibina the i crocks of the colony Willi regard to deferred j payments, that is to Mr. Alexander like a ghost ■ story to a child, 1 will tell him that under the I system of deferred payments I do not know one ■ district in the colony thrived better than that from Mr. Alexander's door through Peachey Belt to the sea did. I do not know how long Mr. Alexander is on the creek, but I know I giew wheat ou the plains 17 years ago, when, Alexander was there, he was like the Marquis of Breadalbane—could claim ah the land from ins liaLl door to the sea. But shortly after a few meu in Adelaide, such as Messrs. G. Green, li W njiuL, aud P. Prankerd, smelt the diggings, or some other sign of the times. ;:nd having money, or got it, bought up every section from Salisbury to Gawler, atid from StiiithtieM to the sea, and sola the hnu over again to a lot of industrious liain-wurliing men on deferred payments. What the payments were 1 know not; hut I know several of those people who bought tiieir seed, bullocks, ploughs, drays, &c.;, &c;„ on credit, and paid for them honestlv, and are iu their own simple way as honourable and as independent farmers to day as Mr. Alexander, or any other member of his Club. I will ask Mr. Alexander whether the country throve better under the system of defatted pay ments of land agents—who bought, as I have stated, the greater part of the Gawler Plains for say £t per acre, and sold it to others for say it per acre, at 10 per cent. inte:est-or when the land was let to Grant & Butler as a sheep walk? I say deferred payments did more public good, f will ask Mr. Alexander another question. It ould it be better for the farmer it the Government sold lnoi the land at £L pet acre ou deferred payments than to deal with the agents? I certain!}" maintain that it would -be better for the farmer and the public for the tenant to deal direct with the Government and keep the money in the colony than to deal with an English capitalist through a land agent, and send all profits over cost price out of the colony. Kespacting the buying of teams oi bullocks, ploughs, cfrays, &c.f; that Air. Alexander is so frightened will never be paid for, I will ask, does he know one industrious iarmer from his hall door to Port Gawler who did not pay for his team! X do not think he knows one. Another ; fright of Alexander's is that those *defeired pay ment' gentry may build a hut, fence their laud, cultivate it until their live or seven years' leases are expired, then throw it up aud seek ' pastures new. Now, did Mr. Alexander know one ou Gawler | Plains, under the oppressive deferred payments of land agents, that ran away from liis improve ments. I believe not; and if there was an excep tion, some big wig lite Air. Alexander, or some other poor devil like himself, was iu his place before the fire was quenched. Air. Alexander is also afraid that the rent will not be paid. For an auswerto that I will refer him to the agents i uauicd, as I know them to be men of principle, who will tell the truth. They have sold their land at from £2 to £*, aud from 4s. to tfs. per acre rent. Every one bets a new hat, but X will bet Air. Alexander a pair of second-hand breeches that the answer of these gentlemen will be, • vVehaye not lost one penny. For if one left a trifle unpaid the improvements on the land showed us to charge more, so that in the last we were gainers instead of losers.' That huguear ' vested interests, which is Mr Alexander's worst stuuiblingbloek, should deferred payments be introduced, for fear it would reduce the value of bis property and those of other respectable old colonists to a mere nothing, I will get rid of by asking' Were we not all new chums in our turn, and did it affect the properties of old colonists in tiie South when we new chums left every corner from Adelaide to Mount Barker, Willunga, &c.;, inc., Ac., aud came and selected our lands at Smith's Creek, Sbeauak Log, Giibertou, Saddlewortli, and other places, on deferred pay ments, cash payments, mortgages, or as the case might he? How did that hurt the vested interests of the South? I would ask Mr. A, But I never heard of him being a South-down man. I presume he must have came direct from where he had that dinner with the Scotchman to Smith's Creek, where he made sure, and perhaps wrote home to his friends, that he was monarch of all he surveyed; but, lo andibehold! soou the land sharks, as he terms them, came aud swallowed it ail up, and 6ervcd it out again to a miserable lot of cockatoos, who had neither bullocks, ploughs, nor drays, nor iu fact decent clothing, but like aborigines dressed iu flannel shirts, wide-awake hats, and moleskin trousers, to annoy the respectable old colonists of Smith's Creek. Mr. A. asks how could borrowing money in t ngland be done under deferred pay ments? I can see nothing simpler; and the Hon. the Treasurer will hear me out. Let 10-J fanners get J,t)00 acres of land each at £1 per acre on deferred payments, heaving interest at li or 7 percent.; what hotter security can the Government price for itIOU.OijO than the rent and improvements of the said 100 farmers? Did not former Govern ments borrow what money they did borrow on the strength of those farmers who got their iand on ' - ' 1—1 —cnts. squatters. SirUiJUlIt ui ±«ii ujc»o ...IV J deferred payments from land a„ — and capitalists, who sent two-thirds of the principal auil UUpiltUiOLlf, bIJV and interest out of the colony? Mr. A. avers occupation could bs enforced: but liowcould culti vation and improvement be managed? That is easilv accomplished; for without any com pulsion a tenant must fence and clear his land, so as to enable him to pay his rent, and ha must culb vate it so as to keep biin from the Insolvent Court. {It will not be ' reil rust' always.) I have a letter in my hand from -a Landlord to his teaaut, which savs:—'Foush.i!i not clear your laud frotn stone, but if you do the stone shall belong to me; and if you do n"t pay vour rent when due I shall summons vou, as I have done before, and put you to costs.' "Mr. Chairman, cannot the Government do as the landlord, aud say, you must do certain improve ments and you must pay your rent, or we shall eject you. Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, I thuik I have pointed out that both free selection aud deferred payments are the most essential poiuts necessary in Mr. Hay's Bill, and I hope I shall con- : vince Mr. Alexander; for 1 consider it yeiy had grace for Mr. Alexander and that distinguished body 'The Smillifield Farmers' Club' to raise their powerful voice against their poor brother farmers who happened to be a few years later in the colonv, or were more unfortunate in not select ing such another paradise as Smith's Creek. W hy not reach the hand of friendship to them, and allow the Government, in lieu of the laud agents, to give each of them a section or two on right of purchase, and let every old colonist of us assist litem with seed, ploughs, bullocks. Ac., &c.; as the old colonists in our time have done to us? I would impress unon Mr. Alexander that beautiful chapter in the Bible that points out that blessing will attend those who will do unto others as they wash to be done by. M r. Chairman and Gentleman, it is quite certain that if Mr. Hay's Land Bid is carried it wili be the means of settling a respectable yeomanry on this beautiful land m place of a bloated colonial aristocracy, who would through foolery and ignorance squander the hard earnings of^ their tenantry in En gland or on the continent of Europe or perhaps in Melbourne, where everything is flash; as nothing can be got now iu poor South Australia without sending to Victoria for it, eveu from the Prince's valet to an auctioneer's clerk. If I cannot convince Mr. Alexander by the facts I have slat ad in theschuuiedly-got-up notes, I pledge him my word he will be convinced next March at the general election, for I tell him in plain words liis hole-and-corner way of tendering, which is lit for none but road contractors and sharpers {who could put a man's tender in his pocket), will not be accepted by that true farmers' friend, Mr. A. Hay, or by that never tired Light Funnels" Ciiib. or by the public, who have what Mr. Alexander con demns—' universal suffrage'—at their command. And if Mr. Alexander wishes I will double my bet that the word ' tender' will uot be mentioned at the next election, but that free selection and deferred payments will be the watchword from Mount Gambler to the Surra; and I will add that the aristocratic Sinithiicld Club will not be able to return one member for Yatala on the strength of Mr. Alexander's system of tendering. Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, before I conclude I would urge upon you the necessity of keeping to your post. Vou want, and sudors every Farmers' Club m the colony, to be watchful and prepared for next election so as to gain out end.*' The Wheat Harvest.—The wheat harvest has commenced, and in a few days will become general on the plains north of Adelaide. , The Crops r.v tee Sopth-East.—We ob serve by the Register that Mr. T. Williams, of Moorak, estimates the yield of Mount Gam bier at from IS to 2i) hushcls to the acre, and from enquiries we have made in vatious quarters we are led to conclude that Mr. Williams" esti mate is not far from the mark. Dr. Wehl thinks our yield will be slightly under 20 bushels. In the Compton district there will be heavy crops. On the O. B. Flat the crops promise well. Finer wheat than that growing on Mr. Platte's farm could not well be seen anywhere. In Mount Gatnbier East the crops in many instances appear better than they did last year. Tiie failures as yet reported come from the long- cultivated farms, many of which exhibit signs of giving way this season. Ou some of these the wheat will scarcely he worth mowing, while in others the takeall seems to be spreading. Oihers complain of the shortness of the ear this season. But taken in connection with other 1 cab ties. Mount Gambler j has miuh reason to he thankful so far. Despite | these partial failures, for which farmers are them- I selves a good deal to blame through ovcr-cuiti v.iting, we have the prospect of a fair average j harvest. Of course we are not over our dangers i yet. There is frost, and rust may step between us ■ and the crops. But we hope for the best, and ss ! trust pve-eip. prospects may be realized.—r , Wat eh, November 27. | The C'Hi-.iiiPTKV op Soils and Manures.—We have received from the author, through Mr. . i Bigby, a Lactate on "The Chemistry oi Hons and ; ManuroF," by J. C. Lyons. The author breaks a | lance at the very outset with Liebig, the celebrated j German chemist, whose system, it is held, will not i apply to Australia. Liebig goes for mineral j manures; Mr. Lyons for vegetable. The little work appears to be the production of a competent man. who understands both t'r.e thc-r.ry ami the practice of farming, and it contains a 1 n-gc amount I plilULlLC G'l l.u 111111^, utm itL'Miini.i.i «.», j • • ' of information which ought to be of service to agr g-iitin :sts. We shall probably take another opportune y of dealing with the book. The Acjucl-j.tl'Ral Ba:; Ve are informed that the proposal to start an Agricultural Bank l in this colony has met with considerable favour in ! the countrj-, and that the shares are being taken ' up encouragingly. i Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club.—The meeting lor distributing the prizes won at the late spoils of the above 01 ab took place at L'oyd's Coffee Rooms on Thursday evening, 2Sth instant; Mr. W. Toivnsend, M.P., Vice-President of the Club, in the chair. In opening the proceedings he spoke of the great interest taken in the sports, not otjly l>y the members, bat by the public, an I hoped that in future arran gements would be made to prevent the crowd from pressing on the competitors and interfering with the running. The Bon. Trea surer, Mr. If. Mcliliister, then handed over the amount of the stakes to the Chairman, who dis tributed them as follows witli a few appropriate remarks to each winnerChampion Race, ICO yards, £3 :Js., F. A. Price; second prize, £1 1=., George Aldridge. Hurdle Race, 100 yards, JL2 2s„ S. Kingston. Quarter-mile Flat Race, £1 Is., H. A. Price: second prize, 10i. CO., A. D. Gore. Hop, Step, and Jump, £1 Is., W. Taylor. Putting the Stone, £1 Is, A. King. Backward Race, 100 yards, £1 Is., A llalcom. Running Long Jump, £1 Is., A Maicom. Half mile Race, £1 Is., A D. Gore; second prize, 10s. BJ., H. Sparks. Throwing Cricket li'll, £i In, \V Holl~«,l 1> « «■- ^ . _ prize, Gu villie; third prize, 2s. 6d., C. Chambers. Three Standing Jumps. £1 Is., It. McEllister. Several members then returned the amounts of their winnings as a present to the Club, to augment the funds far future meetings. "Wine being placed on the table, the Chairman proposed the health of those gentlemen who had given their kind assistance to the members in carrying out their programme at the late meeting. Messrs. A J. Baker, J. Chamliers, and Holland severally returned thanks, stating that tliev were glad t'-- see the Club formed, and would be happy to become honorary members aud assist the Club in any way they could. Mr. McEllister then pro posed the health of the President and Vice President in eulogisiic terms. The Chairman responded on behalf of the President and him self. Tile toast of the Judge and Starter was receivedwith great applause. Mr. John Chambers (the o uuge) responded. Other toasts were given, amongst them the health of Inspector Bee and the Successful and Unsuccessful Competitors, the Chairman giving Success to the Cluii after the health of the Chairman had been proposed and responded to. The proceedings, which were enlivened by several ei'cellent songs by some of the members, were brought to a conclusion, having proved in every way a success. Holders op Free Railway Passes. — The following return was laid on the table of tiie Ccuueil on October 29, giving the names of all persons holding free railway passes, current at that date, issued from the Public Works Office: —The Hons. 1L Ayeis, J. T. Bagot, T. English, J. Kodgkiss, T. Hogartli, W. Peacock, "W. W. Tuxford, W. Morgan, E. Solomon, J. Crozier, T. Reynolds, R. B. Andrews, L. Glyde, P. Santo, A. Blyth, H. B. T. Strangways, Messrs. D. Fisher, M.P., J. P. Boucaut, M.P., D. Bower, M.P., H. E. Bright, M.P., J. Carr, SEP., W. Cavenagb, M.P., P. B. Coglin, M. P., J. Co'ton, M.P., W. Duftield, M.P., J. Dunn, M.P., W. Everard, M.P., H. R. Fuller, SEP., J. Martin, M.P., A. McCulloch, M.P., J. B. Nealcs, M.P., J. Pickering, M.P., J. Rankine, M.P., J. Rid 1 icli, M.P., J. Rouiisevell, M.P., J. W. Smith, M P., A Stow, M.P., D. Sutherland, M.P..W. Tcwnsend, M.P., J. Williams, M.P., A. Hay, M.P., J. Umphc- rston, M.P., R. L Stow, M.P., A. Murray, M.P., R. lfaiikiue (Member Central Road Board), W. S. M. Hutton (Secretary Public Works Office), Captain Hut chison, U.K., Messrs. F. Howard, R.N., TiL S. Guy, R.N., S. Deering (Clerk Executive Council, Aid-de-Camp). J. McKinlay, De N. Lucas (Aid-de Carnp), J. M. Lmklater(Member of Marine Board), A. Macaulay (Road Board Surveyor), J. Davis (Waterworks Rate Collector, Port), D. G Daly (Private Secretary), J. J. Khead (Assistant Sur veyor, Central Road Board), J. Rounseveil (Goods Agency Contractor), P. Cheeseman (Goods Agency Cleik), and the Commissariat Stali". The Horticultural and Floricci.tural Society".—The usual monthly meeting or this Association was held on Tuesday afternoon (3rd) at the Norfolk Arms, when there were present Messis. W. Everard, M.P. (Chairman), F. S. C. Driffield. A. Loutit, E. Smith, J. T. Gray, J. Acraman, and IV. llackett (Secretary). Votes of thanks were recorded to the Directors of the Botanic Garden for plants and flowers, and to the Judges and Managing Committee for services in connection with the late Show. It was dr. cided to hold the next Show on Thursday, January 25, 18'JS. Messrs. Driffield (convener), Jas. Curuow, J. T. Gray, J. Roweli. and E. Smith were appointed a Committee to revise the przs-list for the next Exhibition. In accor dance with the recommendation of the Judges, the Committee decided to award the cottagers' prize. 3s. Oil.; and one for a collection of Clian'has Jjahij>ierii (dturt's pea), -55. A number of choice and beautiful flowers of rich hue and delicate texture were laid on the table for the inspection of members, among them some very fine geraniums, epiphylliuin?, thuiibergias, and various bulbous flowers by Mr. J. T. Gray. Mr. Driffield had a rare collection of petunias and other flowers; and a plant from the Far North was 6ent by Mr. Wntkins, gardener to His Excellency. The meeting | adjourned to December 17. Sunday-School Anniversary at Cherry j Gardens. — The Cherry Gardens "Wesley an Sunday School anniversary was celebrated under j favourable circumstances on Sunday and Monday, 1st and 2nd instant. On Sunday two sermons j were preached morning and evening by the Rev. Mr. Best (Bible Christian minister, Clarendon) to j large and admiring congregations. In the after- j noon the children were examined by Mr. Donucll, and acquitted themselves very creditably, after j which the Rev. Mr. Best delivered a short i and appropriate address to both parents and children. On Monday afternoon the children were regaled to their hearts' content with tea and cake. The Rev. Mr. Best then distributed a large number of rewards amongst them. The parents aud friends then sat down to a sumptuous tea, pro vided by some ladies of the congregation, after wliicli all engaged heartily in various games. In the evening a public meeting was held, piesided over liy Mr. Isaac Jacobs. Mr. Donnell leadtlie report, which showed the school to be in a healthy state, notwithstanding the several removals from the neighbourhood during the year. Mr. J. Broad bent read the financial report. The children recited some pieces in a very creditable manner for juve niles. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr. Best and Aden and other friends. The children, under the effective leadership of Mr. Tozcr, who had been training them for some weeks before, sung a number of hymns and choruses to the delight of those who heard them. Cordial ami hcariy votes of thanks were accorded to the ladies for the gratuitous tea. to the Rev. Mr. Best for his ] services, to Mr. Tozer, and to the Chairman. The proceeds of all tlie services amounted to nearly £9, leaving a small balance in the hands of tiie ] Treasurer. Chapel Anniversary, Steventox. — The thirteenth anniversary of the Steventou Wcslcran Chapel was celebrated on December 2. A public tea was held in tlie cliapel, provided by the kind j iadies of the church, and tlie chapel was most beautifully decorated for the occasion. At 7 | o'clock a public meeting was held, presided over ] by Mr. Robert Malton, when addresses were de livered by the Revs. Watsford, Flockart, Barber, and others. Votes of thanks were duly given to ' tiie ladies for tlie tea, to the decorators of the j chapel, and to the choir for the excellent pieces sung during the evening. There was about £25 j subscribed towards building a new vestry to the chapel, and we this time had a dry day, which is ] quite out of the usual order of things.—Corre spondent. HiNDM.vKsn Institute—The annual soiree in ] connection with the Hindmarsii District institute j took T'lace in the District Hall oil Thursday evening, November 28. The President, the Rev. ] ri. L. Harris, occupied the chair, and after liis in troductory remarks called on the Alabama [ Minstrels for the music. Several pieces sung J received deserved applause, and were encored. Recitations were delivered by Messrs. Vardon, YVilks. and Smith. "Tlie Smart Boy," by tiro | amateurs, convulsed the audience with laughter, and was certainly well rendered and highly | amusing. A comic scene, entitled "The Barber," was played by the Minstrels, and loudly applauded. The programme wound up with the National Anthem at about half-past 10 p.m. Rifle Match.—The friendly return rifle match between the four members of Nos. 1 and 4 Com- j panics (Prince Alficd's liifles) came off on Wed- j nesday afternoon, December 4, at the Butts. | During the match a strong wind blew, which kept ■ continually charging from different directions, \ causing tlie shooting to he far below the average. { The distances were 209, 309, 499, and 500 yards; ; five shots at each distance. The scores showed ; at the clo-.i: that No. 1 Company v, ,-ie tlie victors, i Tile following are tlie aggregate scores:— No. 1 Company. Priv. M. Leonard ... 4!) Priv. G. lliclis ... 4S Priv. J. M.ircoin ... 44 Priv. J. Hicks... ... 43 Total 184 No. 4 < 'ompaiiy. ] Sergt. Rohjnhiis ... 43 Corp!. O uirell 32 j Priv. Venahles ... 35 Priv. A. \V. Dobbie.. 38 Total 159 Dift'sience iu favour of No. 1 Company, 34 points. iSGtJ. 1367. lis 141 126 sr IP 13 6 15 37 47 S 3 1 3 — 1 2 I ? 2 3 - 2 1 393 359 Land Title3 Office.—'The following a a com parative statement of transactions in the Land Tities < Ulice during the month of November. 1S63 fliid 1>G? :— Ari&iiiations; Transfers Mortgages Leases Transfers of mortgage Discharges Caveats.. Transfers of lease Surrender oflease Declarations of trust Licences Transmissions Withdrawals of caveat Certificate of marriage Total ... fees of office £461 18s. £380 Os. ed. Value of land In ought under Act £42,770 £21.196 Oddfellows' Anniversary at YYoodsibe. Thc Loyal Onkaparinga Lodge, LO.O.F., M.U., YVoodsiJe, held their anniversary on Thursday, 23tli ultimo, tiy a picnic. Early in the morning Woodside township was all astir—flags living in all directions, indicating that something unusual was about to take place. Shortly before 9 o'clock straggling veiiicles began to arrive, and a little after 13 o'clock the brothers of the Order and about 120 children of the various schools in the district formed into procession, headed by the Concordia Band, proceeded to the grounds belonging to Mr. J. C. 1\ I.anterbaeh, who. with his usual liberality, had granted the use of a paddock for the occasion, j On arrival there the ample arrangements made by the Committee for the comfort of the visitors were at once seen. A refreshment-booth, with a plenteous supply of tea, cofiee, lemonade, &c;„ &c.;, was on the ground, so that those who came un provided could be supplied. The children began to disperse, and soon commenced to enjoy them selves by joining in various games. About 3 o'clock a slight shower of raiu fell, with every appearance of a wet evening, causing a great number to leave the ground, while others still continued their various games till the approach of evening. At 7 o'clock the brothers assembled at Host Fork's for dinner, which was excellent in quality and abundaut in quantity. About SO sat down, the chair being tilled by Dr. Esau, Mr. J. C. P. Lauterbach filling the vice-chair. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts having been disposed of, the Chairman called for bumpers to drink the health of His Excellency the Governor, remarking that we never had a better one—one who had travelled over the whole of the colony, and took an interest in everything connected with it. I "The Parliament" was proposed by Mr. L. YVeichard, and responded to by Mr. Baldwin. | The Vice-Chairman proposed "The Manchester Unity and other kindred Societies." Speaking of the many benefits such Societies were to society j generally, he remarked that if all were Oddfellows, i there would be no Destitute Board or Asylum ' required. Responded to by Brother Baldwin. 1 PG C. llicks proposed "The Widow and Orphan Fund." Drunk with Lodge honours. P.O. Dis combeproposed "Prosperity to the Onkaparinga J,odge,'' which was responded to by Secretary lvyd, who, in a few words, thanked the company, l'or the information of those present who were not members, tie stated the position of the Lodge, which consisted of SO good members. They had £330 lent on mortgage, £36 16s. in Bank, £70 Lo.De property; received during the year, £20S l-2s "4d.; paid, £176 Lis. 101., principally in sick piv. O.i the whole, he could congratulate the bwjtheis that the Lodge was in a flourishing condi tion. The Chairman culled forbumperstodrinkthe health of P.G. YVarren. and before doing so pre sented him in the name of the brothers with a handsome silver watch and appendages, remarking that lie 1\3<1 three times filled the chair; that he had at a considerable personal sacrifice to himself conducted the dutiesof the Lodge; and that he had bv his comtesy and behaviour gained the love and confidence of every member. P.G. YVairen rcspouned, thanking the Brothers for their kind ness. The handsome present more than reraid him for any service he had rendered. It would be handed down to his children, and anything lie could do would always be done to folward the interest of the Ledge. "The Visiting Brothers priatei — , . „ -, , were sung in fiist-rate style, especially the one by the Chairman. "Paddle your own Canoe.-' Vital Statistics. —The number of birt hs and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday. 3'Jtli November, were:—Births. 23 males. £3 females; deaths, IS males, 14 females—total, 4u births, 32 deaths Excess of births, 14. Pout MacDosxell.—Mr. Mais, the Engineer in-C'uief. started by mail on Saturday for Port MacDonnell to meet Captain Douglas, Piesident of the Marine Board, to examine the state of the harbour there. The Prince's Porn Grets.—The four beautiful greys shipped to Victoria by the Coorong were bred and broken by Messrs. T. & J. Dodd. Fire at the Seach Stations.—On Sunday morning the Customs box at the Semaphore narrowly escaped destruction, the interior wood work having caught fire from the excessive heat of the stove-pipe. Foriuuatcly the Signalman was quickly on the roof, a;-;d liy copious supplies of saline fluid saved the interesting box from annihilation. A New Theatre.—Some gentlemen in Adelaide have nurehased the site in ilmdley- strect lately occupied by Mr. P. Gumming, together with the adjoining premises known as Mr. Bament's and Mr. VouUairus, with a view or erecting a new Theatre to be styled the Theatre lioyai. The price paid was upwards of £6,060, and we believe that plans for the necessary woiks arc almost ready, . snd that tenders are to be eaiied for in a day or two. Shipping Cue to Newcastle.—The YVailaroo | Mining Company have commenced to ship copper j ore to Newcastle for reduction in the new Smelting Works at that place. Two hundred tons will be taken by tlie Fairfield, and another lot will pro bably be sent per Kohiiiour.— Wallaroo Fii.icg. New Lode at the Tausser.—Our Talisker correspondent writes on November 29th, that "a very fine lode has been cut iu driving the end of the bottom of the 43-fathom level in the Engine Shaft or the Talisker Mine. From what informa tion I can glean the lode looks splendid—the best crer seen in the mine—and is improving. One of the men employed in the drive told me they break about two tons ore in three cores, i.e., 24 hours. This morning the lode as it arpeaicd in view was the full height of the level (6 feet) atid fully 41 feet wide, aud appeared to be going down. If the lode is going down it will requite various works to he done in sinking the Engine and other shafts. I have heard practical miners state the lode to be worth £153 per fathom at present. I believe they | have broken between four and five tons of ore in ton days aud a half."' COMMEMORATIVE OBELISK OS MOUNT LOFTY,— On Monday afternoon, the 2nd instant, a prelimi nary meeting of the following gentlemen—the Hon Captain Bagel, Hon. John Morphett, Messrs Y»r. S. Douglas, Neville Blytli, Arthur Hardy, William Hanson. 11. H. Turton, and Nathaniel Oldham—was lit-U in the Imperial-chambers for the purpose of considering the above subject, which had been publicly suggested by the Hon. Captain Bauot. It was unanimously thought uesirab'c that the simple fact of the late visit to South Australia of H.H.H. the Duke of Edinburgh should be commemorated in a suitable manner as an auspicious and important event in our colonial historv. It was also considered that the IHen. Captain's suggestion of a tower or obelisk of some kind erected on the summit of Mount Lofty would lox ally of her colonists wouia inmisiiuwioi^uc funds for its eietti n. Upou tlie amount raised would depend tlie style and size of the tower or column For £i,0u3 a handsome structure 103 feet limii could be built; whilst for twice that sum it was "believed the column could he limit with an interior stone staircase and a lookout from.the top that nearly every one would detire to visit and enjor ilv> commanding view or sea and land.. The cen!i<*mtn present then fonueu t-lieuiseh.es mto a Provisional Committee, villi power to add to their jmn.w. , _ wixetiicr i the after which tuo proceeding wiU liouidy uuverfi^cd \Ve commend she* Hun. Captain's suggestion to the thoughtful consideration of all our readers, and honethst tlie interesting woik may-he commented before tlie final departure of His Hoyal Hishnesss fioiii Australasia, Mini ng.—The folknrtngiteuisofiiiiniag news are from the Wallaroo Times of December-3:—"The quantity of eopcer expoited during the month of .November was 836f tons, which, at £60 per ton,. gives a value of £60,903. We believe nearly 1,260 tons of ore was aiso shipped, and this must liave been worth about £12,0u0. A statement like this of the exports for a Bingle mouth shows how wide of the mark arc the returns of tiie exports of Wallaroo as f uriiisiied by the Collector of Customs. Several Wailaroo smelters have entered into en gagements to work in the new Smelting Works at Newcastle, and will shortly proceed thither by one of the Black Diamond liners. We understand that the new establishment has live furnaces com | pleted, and that other furnaces arc in course of construction. The ore for smelting will be supplied from the Peninsula, and will he dispatched from this port in coal vessels direct to Newcastle. This arrangement will be advantageous bath to the sliipowuers and to the .Smelting VToiks proprietors. The former, instead of haviugto take ballast for their vessels at considerable cost, will take in ore and be paid for taking it—at a marvellously low figure it must be admitted, but one which will doubtless be conducive of mutual benefit to the parties concerned. The Wheal Hughes rs looking better than it has hitherto done. The shaft is now at the 25-fathom, sinking right iuto the lode, which is composed of yellow and purple ore. The width of the lode is not known, as there is as yet no foot or hanging I wall. There are about IS tons good ore at grass, 35 tons having been shipped a week or two since. At tlie Euko uothing is being done beyond driving from the old shaft north- west, where they intend to sink a fresh shaft, with the view, it is supposed, of cutting the lode, which apparently passes through the North Yelta: Nothing is being done ac the North YVlta, which is causing much dis satisfaction among the shareholders. At the Yelta there is a deeded improvement at the bottom of Scott's Shaft. Shipments of ore from this mine are on the increase." The Prison-EE Os3 aldiston. —We understand that Osbalditton was removed to the Stockade very soon after his trial on Tuesday last. It was rumoured on Wednesday that he bad effected his escape; but up to a late hour at night no such intelligence had readied the Police Office. "We have received the following copy of the state ment which he handed to the Judge on Tuesday before receiving sentence:—"Your Honor—Having lately occupied a position in this city commanding the respect and ad miration of all. it is v ith a painful feeling of shame and regret that I cow fiud myself at this bar with such dishonouring charges agaiust me. Suddenly dashed from the pedestal of fame anil honour I had built for myself, and on which all my earthly hopes were planted—degraded and dis honoured in the eyes of society, and brought to the very lowest and meanest of positions—mv punishment began from the moment the world knew my name to be dishonoured, and had I been discharged the next moment, it would not have mended my position or eased my mental anguish. Lost, lost for erer to ail respectable society, an outcast with a felon's brand, what earthly punish ment can be greater? Were I to attempt, your Honor, to explain the manner in whicb I came in possession of those articles found at my house, it might appear as though I would excuse my con duct, and sound more like romance than reality; but I will atone to society by an acknowledgment of my offence, and humbly pray its forgiveness, for I am sure that there is not au eye in this Court but is moist, and not a heart but aches to see me in this dishonourable state. In passing judgment, your Honor, I pray you to remember my hitherto respectable position in society, and that amongst the numbers who know me, and with whom I have done business, not one can come forward and say I am guilty of asingle dishonourable action towards them. I pray, your Honor, to deal with me as leniently as the case will permit—mercy with judgment. Cousider my youth, and the dread con sequences of a schooling in a convict establish ment; but more for the sake of the two poor iunocent and helpless beings—my wife and child— who, with an aged father and mother, have been entirely dependeui on ine for support for this last five years or more. They have committed no offence, yet, through my indiscretion, must be made past sufferers. In conclusion, your Honor. I plead guilty, humbly asking your leniency, and praying forgiveness of an off ended Hod and society. —"E. T. O.RRALDISTOX." Soiree at Hisdmarsh.—On Monday evening, 2nd inst., a grand soiree was given in the Congre gatioual New Schoolroom, in aid of the Building Fund, by the Uindmaisli Mutual Improvement Society; the Dev. S. L. Harris in the chair. The Chairman commenced by explaining that the Society had had it in contemplation for some time to give their sei vices for the benefit of the new school, and that tire Adelaide Original Amateur Belli iugers had kindly come forward that evening to assist. He tiien called ou the Hindmarsh Glee Club for "Sweetly, Brothers, Sing," which was effectively given. The Bell ringers, the principal attraction of the eveniug, then gave "The Blue Bells of Scotland," which was highly applauded. " There's nac luck about the liouso" was next played and loudly encored. " Auld lang syne" was next given with good effect. A scene from the "Merchant of Venice" followed, by members of the Society. Two recitations were 1 given during the evening—"Cato's Soliloquy," by Mr. E. Mitton, and|the "Highlander's War-cry at Alma," by Mr. J. Hill. Two pieces cf original 1 poetry by members of the Society were read by Mr. George Burnett, and elicited much laughter. Several oilier pieces were also sutig with good taste and pathos. Mr. J. Pickering, M.P., proposed a vote of thanks to all who had taken pai t in the evening's entertainment—the Belliingers in parti cular. A vote of thanks to the Chairman and the National Anthem concluded the entertainments. Aboriginal Address to Dr. "Walker.—'The young men of the Point Macleay and Mundoo tribes of natives, on hearing that Dr. Walker, the Protector of Aborigines, had returned from Eng land, and was about to resume his official duties, determined to congratulate him on his restoration to health and reappearance amongst them. They therefore pot one of their number to write the following address, which was presented to Dr. Walker ou the 2;«h November:—"To John Walker, Esq., Protector of Aborigines.—Sir—Wo who are natives belonging to the Lake tribes wish to tell you how glad we are because you have come hack from England, and that you are quite welL We hope you will un-.v be able to take tire same kind care of us that you have done before, and may your life long be spared that you may be our protector and friend. With great respect we re main your humble servants. Signed on behalf of ail the blacks by thirteen natives. Point Macleay. November 29. iN>,." Tlie natives in general re gard Dr. Walker's return with great pleasure. His kindness and attention in past time have won their respect and ailed ion.—Correspondent. Narrow Escape from Fire.—On Tuesday morning, December 3, an alarm of fire was given at the rear of the Blenheim Hotel. A lot of rubbish has keen ailowed to accumulate, and by some meaus it caught fire and communi cated itself to an empty barrel. It was just catching a ladder aud poles, when it was for tunately discovered and extinguished without doing further mischief. It broke out within a few feet of the side entrance to Young'nusbaud's store, now occupied by Mr. W. Mullett. We believe that the City Inspector iiad given notice for the removal of the rubbish. Temporary Dftartpre of Old Csi.o.vi.sta— We understand that Sir James Hurtle Fisher pro poses paying a visit to Melbourne after the arrival of the next English mail. We arc further in formed that Mr. George Green intends going W England for a time with his family. The Light and Flagstaff at Gleselo.— Considerable improvements have just keen made in the flagstaff aud trie light at the head of Glenelg Jetty, the former having been carriod up for an additional height of 25 feet, and the lighthouse having been supplied with a new head, which raises the light six feet. By this means, together with fresh glasses, the light will he distinctly visible at sea for nine instead of seven miles. The Aerates Bread Company.—A meeting of the Aerated Bread Company was held in the Masonic Hall, King William-street, on Tuesday evening. December 3, to give an explanation of affairs " to those shareholders who were not able to attend the afternoon meetings, and also to receive applications for shares." There were about 30 sharcholdeis present; and Mr. O, B. Youngwas voted to tlie chair. The Chairman, iu opening the proceedings, explained tlie object of the meeting, and mentioned, that the object of the Company being dissolved was not for the purpose of abolish ing it completely, but for the purpose of reorga nizing it upou a new basis, which was to consist of each shareholder being offered shares in the new Company as an equivalent for those he held in tlie former Association. The new Company would of course endeavour to repurchase the plant, N:c. A shareholder complained that the notice to the shareholders to apply for shares under the new arrangements was not sufficient, and sug gested that greater facilities should be afforded to obviate this diliienby. Alter a little conversational discussio Mr. W. May moved, and Mr. G. Prince, jun., seconded—" That it is desirable to form an Association consisting of the present shareholders of the Aerated Bread Company to purchase the plant, with the view of reorganizing the Compauv." Tile' resolution was cariicd unanimously. Appli cations for forms fo; shares were then received, and. the proceedings closed with a vote of thauks to the Chairman. Engineering Aitointjiest.—Mr. Manton has been appointed Engineer to the Port Wakefield Hallway. 