REVIEW. MR. FROUDE'S LAST WORK.» Everything that comes from the pen of Mr. Froude is acceptable. No writer of our day * has won his way by moro legitimate means to so certain and permanent a reputation. As an historian we welcome his aid gladly to light us through some of the darkest periods of our English annals. No literary work more thoroughly sound and conscientious was ever produced than Mr. Froude's brilliant and captivating history of the Tudors ; and, how- ever we may demur to some of his judgments, or differ in opinion as to the value of his discoveries, it is impossible but that we must admire the scrupulous truthfulness of the historian, in conjunction with a style of mar- vellous flexibility, warmth, and picturcsquc ncss. The present volumes are a collection of some of the earlier sketches and papers, principally contributed by Mr. Froude to tho periodicals of .the day, and especially to Eraser's Magazine (of which he has been for some years the editor) and the Westminster Jievieio. Unlike many such collections, this is a work of solid and permanent worth, valuable not only for itself, but for the light which it throws on the progress and growth of Mr. Froude's mind, and the development of his opinions. The papers here published include some of his earliest as well as his latest writings. Some of them, such as the magnificent essay on the ' Book of Job, from the Westminster Review, are only now acknowledged for the first time; others have been delivered as lectures by Mr. Froude himself so recently as tho beginning of the present year. The subjects are chiefly history, and the broader side of theological controversy. They are treated of with all that abundant fertility of illustration, force of imagination, and rare felicity of expression, of which Mr. Froude is so consummate a master. Here and there they show also his weaker side, and his tendency to drown logic in sentiment,' and to overlay his argument by colours too profusely borrowed from the palette of tho fancy. On the whole, however, this is a great and noble book, which cannot but make every honest reader stronger and better -imbuing him with a larger charity and a more generous faith in human nature. As to what is called " the science of his. tory," Mr. Froude is known to be in fierce antagonism- with the school of Buckle. The philosophy of that acute and ingenious writer, the author of the History of Civili sation is, in fact, the direct antithesis of that which Mr. Froude preaches and has practised. In a lecture delivered before tho Royal Institution in 1801, Mr. Froude eloquently combats the doctrines of tho opposite philo- sophy—of that teaching which bids us believe that the world was but an intricate piece of machinery, in which man was an atom, fore- doomed to play a certain part in an ordained chain of accidents — the slave of circum- stances, which circumstances themselves were but the manifestation of certain fixed laws, operating in a perpetual series that self was the great master-key to all human action—that tho course of history was but the science of facts— and that there are laws controlling every event, and enabling us, by a proper obser- vation of tho past, to read every feature. To this kind of science, Mr. Froude is a fierce and bitter enemy. He denies, in the beginning, that history is or can be a science, in the sense in which political economy is a science or astronomy is a science. He declares that the agencies in human affairs are such as cannot be with certainty apprehended—that tho course of events is subject to per- petual interruptions from causes which it is quite beyond the power of tho phi- losopher to seize—that even the facts on which Mr. Buckle relies for the basis of his theory are no sure foundation for a science— that they are liable to eternal distortion and falsification through the minds of those who record them—that the evolution of humanity to perfection does not occur through any un- broken chain of steps, but is liable to endless interruptions—that, in short, there is no law or science at all in history ; at least, such law or science as man may comprehend—that what is called " positive philosophy" is but a vain and false teaching :— " One lesson, and only one, history may be said to repeat with distinctness : that the world is built somehow on moral foundations ; that, in the long run, it is well with the good ; in the long run it is ill with the wicked. But this is no science : it is no more than the old doctrine taught long ago by the Hebrew prophets. The theories of M. Comte and his disciples advance us, after all, not a step beyond the trodden and familiar ground. If men are not entirely animals, they are at least half animals, and are subject, in this aspect of them, to the conditions of animals. So far as those parts of man's doings are concerned which neither have, nor need have, anything moral about them, so far the laws of him are calculable. There are laws for his digestion, and laws of tho means by which his digestive organs are sup- plied with matter. But pass beyond them, and where are we? In a world where it would be as easy to calculate men's actions by laws like those of positive philosophy, us to measure the orbit of Neptune with a foot rule or weigh Sirius in a grocer's scale. "And it is not difficult to see why this should be. The first principle on which the theory of a science of history can be plausibly argued, is that all actions whatever arise from self-interest. It may be enlightened self-interest ; it may be unenlightened ; but it is assumed as an axiom, that every man, in whatever he does, is aiming at something which he thinks will promote his happi- ness. His conduct is not determined by his will ; it is determined by the object of his desire. Adam Smith, in laying the foundations of political economy, ex- pressly eliminates every other motive. He does not say that men never act on other motives ; still less that they never ought to act on other motives. He asserts merely that, as far as tho arts of production are con- cerned, and of buying and selling, the action of self-interest may be counted upon as uniform. What Adam Smith says of political economy Mr. Buckle would extend over tho whole circle of human activity. " Now, that which especially distinguishes a high order of man from a low order of man —that which constitutes human goodness, human greatness, human nobleness—is surely not tho degree of enlightenment with which men pursue their own advantage ; but it is self-forgetfulness, it is self-sacrifice, it is the disregard of personal pleasure, personal in- dulgence, personal advantages, remote or present, because some other line of conduct is more right. " We are sometimes told that this is but another way of expressing the same thing ; that when a man prefers doing what is right, it is only because to do right gives him a higher satisfaction. It appears to me, on the contrary, to be a difference in the very heart and nature of things. Tho martyr goes to the stake, the patriot to the scaffold, not with a view to any future reward to themselves, but because it is a glory to fling away their lives for truth and freedom. And so through all phases of existence, to the smallest details of common life, the beautiful character is the unselfish character. . . , Let the thought of self pass on, and the beauty of a great action is gone—like tho bloom from a soiled flower. Surely it is a paradox to speak of the self- interest of a martyr who dies for a cause, tho triumph of which he will never enjoy ; and the greatest of that great com- pany in all ages would have done what they did had their personal prospects closed with tho grave. Nay, there have been those so zealous for some glorious principle as to wish themselves blotted out of the book of Heaven if tho cause of Heaven could succeed." This is admirably expressed, yet the acute reader will detect in it precisely that which is Mr. Froude's weak point, which is his logic The reply to the Buckleian philosophy is really no answer at all, though Mr. Froude is perfectly right as far as he goes. The whole question turns upon tho inter- pretation of what is " self-interest." The martyr's self-sacrifice, and the patriot's devo- tion, may not be influenced, at least con- * "Short Studies on Great Subjects. James Anthony Froude, M.A. Two vols, London: Lons mutis, 1807. sciously, by thoughts of interest ; but this is only to say that some men lay their inte rest and their gratification in things dif ferent from others. Mr. Froude is more successful when he combats Mr. Buckle's famous doctrine of averages as a rule of positive science. The average of one gene- ration need not be the average of the next. The balance of opinion may be overturned in some age by a concurrence of minute causes, each of which up to that time had been too small or too imperfectly developed to be de- tected. Thus the factors of history in one age may differ from those of another. "The world moves faster and faster ; and the differences will probably be greater. The temper of each new generation is a continual surprise. The fates delight to contradict our most confident expectations. Gibbon be- lieved that the era of conquerors was at an end. Had he lived out the full life of man, he would have seen Europe at the feet of Napoleon. But a few years, ago we believed the world had grown too civilised for war, and the Crystal Palace, in Hyde-park, was to be the inauguration of a new era. Battles, bloody as Napoleon's, are now the familiar tale of every day ; and the arts which have made greatest progress are the arts of de- struction. What next? We may strain our eyes into the future which lies beyond this waning century, but never was conjecture more at fault. It is blank darkness, which even the imagination fails to people. " What, then, is the use of history, and what are its lessons? If it can tell us little of the past and nothing of the future, why waste our time over so barren a study? "First, it is a voice for ever sounding across the centuries, the laws of right and wrong. Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral law is written on the tablets of eternity. For every false word or unrighteous deed, for cruelty and oppression, for lust or vanity, the price has to be paid at last ; not always by the chjef offenders, but paid by some one. Justice and truth alone endure and live. Injustice and . falsehood may be long-lived, but doomsday comes at last to them, in French revolutions and other terrible ways. "That is one lesson of history. Another is, that we should draw no horoscopes ; that we should expect little, for what we expect will not come to pass. Revolutions, reforma- tions—those vast movements into which heroes and saints have flung themselves, in the belief that they were to be the dawn of the Millennium—have not born the fruit which they looked for. Millenniums are still far away. Those great convulsions leave the world changed-—perhaps improved—but not improved us the actors in them hoped it would be. Luther would have gone to work with less heart could he have foreseen the thirty years' war, and in the distance the philosophy of Tubingen. Washington might have hesitated to draw the sword against England could he have seen the country which he made as we see it now. "The most reasonable anticipations fail us—antecedents the most apposite mislead us ; because the conditions of human pro- blems never repeat themselves. Some new feature alters everything—some element which we detect only in its after-operation." We have quoted thus largely from the opening essay in the book, not because it gives the most favourable idea of Mr. Froude's style, but because it contains the key-note to his purpose as an author, and especially as an historian. For a specimen in a much higher, because more familiar style, we would select the admirable paper styled, "Times of Luther and Erasmus." Here all the best points of Mr. Froude's genius are shown—his skill in narrative, his power of giving life to the creatures of his pen, his subtle analysis of character, his varied and picturesque power of expression. The contrast between the stern and rugged severity of the Protestant champion, and the elegant, indolent, self-regardful, yet not ungenerous or cowardly nature of his great contemporary, who was— " The glory of tho priesthood, and their shame," is most vividly portrayed. "The Influence of the Reformation on the Scottish Charac- ter" is a salve offered to tho national pride, so sorely wounded by the trenchant sarcasms of Mr. Buckle. Mr. -Froude does full justice to tho brighter side of the picture, tho dark colours of which his rival had so effectively presented. Both are true, though neither wholly true. The other papers which are in- cluded in the first volume of this collection are all theological, and therefore out of the range of the present inquiry. But we may call attention to tho "Essay on the Book of Job" as a very grand and powerful speci- men of biblical exposition, written with a grasp of thought and closeness of reason- ing which are unusual qualities in Mr. Froude. The second volume of this publication, consisting chiefly of essays, historical and biographical, is that paTfc of it which will be most interesting to the general reader. It in- cludes an article on the life and philosophy of Spinoza, written in a fine genial tone of sympathy and appreciation. Of all great men there never was one, perhaps, to whom the world has been so systematically ungrateful ns to the wondrous Jew of Amsterdam-that "God-intoxicated man," as he was called by Novales, to whom Europe owes all that is best and truest in philosophy—the thinker of thinkers—the rare good and brave man who for two centuries has lain under a strange and most absurd imputation of atheism. Of him his biographer —to whom his theories were detestable—de- clares that " the most malignant scrutiny has failed to detect a single blemish in his cha- racter." Of tho Spinozest philosophy, about which so much has been written, Mr. Froude gives a clear and interesting, though far from a thorough analysis, which need not occupy us further in these columns. A far larger circlo of readors will be attracted by another of Mr. Froude's papers, called " England's Forgotten Worthies," of which tho tone and style are equally admirable. With singular eloquence, and a sympathy which attracts .ns as much to the author as to his sub- ject, Mr. Froude has written of some of the actions which made the English name famous three centuries ago, and the echo of which still lives in our national prestige. To those heroes, chiefly by sea, whose lives lighted up the glorious reign of our English Elizabeth, Mr. Froude does ample justice—to their simple faith, their native hardihood, their godlike valour. And shall we consent to leave for over in oblivion the names of Francis Drake, of Richard Haw- kins, of Richard Grenville of ' Walter Raleigh ? What nation can afford to let tho tale of such heroes be forgotten ? Tho office which M. Froude has performed is to rescue some part of the record, at least, from tho dust—to incite us to a proper appreciation of the men by whom England was served in tho spring of her naval greatness, now tho seed was sown which bore this rich and singular crop of heroes, Mr. Froude tells in his own style— " An earnest faith in tho supernatural, an intensely real conviction of tho divine and devilish forces by which the universe was guided and misguided, was the inheritance of tho Elizabethan age from Catholic Chris- tianity. The fiercest and most lawless men did then really and truly believe in tho actual personal presence of God or tho devil in every accident, or sense, or action. They brought to tho contemplation of tho new heaven and the new earth an imagination saturated with the spiritual convictions of tho old era, which were not lost but only infinitely expanded. Tho planets, whose vastness they now learnt to recognise, were therefore only tho more powerful for evil or for good ; tho tides were the breathing of Demogorgon ; and the idola- trous American tribes were real worshippers of tho real devil, and were assisted with tho full power of his evil army, . . . We wonder at tho grandeur, the moral majesty of some of Shakespeare's characters, so far be- yond what tho noblest among ourselves can imitate ; and at first thought we attribute it to tho genius of the poet, who has outstripped nature in his creations. But we are mis- understanding the power and tho meaning of poetry in attributing creativeness to it in any such sense. Shakspeare created, but only as the spirit of nature created around him, working in him as it worked abroad in those among whom he lived. The men whom he draws were such men as he saw and knew ; the words they utter were such as he heard in the ordinary conversations in which he joined. At the Mermaid, with Raleigh and with Sidney, and at a thousand unnamed English firesides, he found the living origi- nals for his Prince Hals, his Orlandos his Antonios, his Portias, his Isabellas. The closer personal acquaintance which we can form with the English of the age of Elizabeth, the more we are satisfied that Shakspeare's great poetry is no more than the rhythmic echo of the life which it depicts." The volumes of Hakluyt's travels form the principal text for Mr. Froude's essay :— "Those five volumes may be called the prose epic of the modern English nation. They contain the heroic tales of the exploits of the great men in whom the new era was in- augurated ; not mythic, like iliads and the eddas, but plain, broad narratives of substan- tial facts, which rival legend in interest and grandeur. What the old epics were to the royally or nobly born, this modern epic is to the common people. We have no longer kings or princes for chief actors, to whom the heroism like the dominion of the world had in times past been confined ; but as it was in the days of the Apostles, when a few poor fishermen from an obscure lake in Palestine assumed, under the Divine mission, the spi- ritual authority over mankind, so in the days of our own Elizabeth the seamen from the banks of the Thames and the Avon, the Plym and the Dàrt, self-taught and self directed, with no impulse but what was beat- ing in their own royal hearts, went out across the unknown seas, fighting, discovering, colo- nising, and graved out the channels, paving them at last with their bones, through which the commerce and enterprise of England have flowed out over all the world. The "buccaneers," as they were called, were not at first mere wild and lawless men as might be supposed. They were private adventurers, it was true, but there was nothing sordid or cruel in their enter- prises. They fought as much for glory as for gain, and were Her Majesty's doughtiest champions against the Spaniard on the high seas. Drake, Hawkins, and Raleigh were as far as possible from being mere gentleman-like pirates. They held the Queen's commission, and they executed it as faithfully, though more irregularly, than Nelson or Collingwood. They opened out new continents to British enterprise—they were the pioneers of commerce, and civilisa- tion—they founded colonies, and explored new ocean highways. Of what stuff these hardy God-fearing mariners were made we may have an idea by one remaikablo ex- ample—the heroic defence of the Revenge by Sir Richard Grenville, of Bideford, against the whole Spanish fleet, off the island of Flores, in August, 1591. This Richard Grenville was the terror of the Spanish sailors. Mythic stories were told about his prowess on the Spanish main, and circulated about the quays of Bideford and Bude Haven. Being taken unawares in a slow and crippled vessel, full of sick and wounded, he found himself, this sea-lion, suddenly beset by the whole fleet of the enemy, who had gained his weather-gauge. He was persuaded by his men "to cut his mainsail and cast about, and trust to the sailing of the ship ;" but, says Raleigh, his cousin and biographer, " Sir Richard utterly refused to turn from the enemy, alleging that he would rather choose to die than to dishonour himself, his country, and Her Majesty's ship, persuading his company that he would pass through their two squadrons in spite of them, and enforce those of Seville to give him way." In this terrible resolve Sir Richard stood, and dashed into the midst of the Spanish ships, the least of which almost was more than a match for him singly. For a whole night this ex- traordinary fight continued. Ship after ship of the Spaniards came up against the Re- venge, only to retire shattered and foiled by the fire of her artillery. Before morning fifteen several vessels had assailed our Eng- lishmen, and all in vain. Some were sunk, others beaten off—"so ill approving their entertainment," says the biographer, "that at break of day they were far more willing to hearken to a composition than hastily to make more assaults or entries." But at last all the powder in the Revenge was spent ; all her pikes were broken, forty out of her hundred men were killed, and many of the rest were wounded. Sir Richard himself was badly hurt early in the battle, but would not leave the deck until past midnight, he was then shot thiough the body while his wounds were being dressed, and again in the head. His surgeon waa killed while attending on him. The masts were lying over the side, the rigging cut to pieces, the ship herself, un- able to move, was settling slowly in the sea. The fleet of Spaniards lying round in a ring, "like dogs round a dying lion, were wary of approaching him in his last agony." Sir Richard, " seeing that it was past hope, having fought for fifteen hours, and having by estimation 800 shot of great artillery through him'(i. e, through his ship, of course), commanded the master-gunner, whom he knew to be a most resolute man, to split and sink the ship, so that thereby nothing might remain of glory to tho Spaniards ; and persuaded the company, or as many as he could induce, to yield them solves unto God, and to the mercy of none else; but as they had, like valiant resolute men, repulsed so many enemies, they should not now shorten the honour of their nation by prolonging their own lives for a few hours or a few days." The gunner and some of the men consented ; but the deed was too much for the common men. They had done all, and more, that manhood required. Two Spanish ships had been sunk ; above 1,500 Spaniards had been killed, The Revenge, Sir Richard being disabled and near to death, surrendered at last, the Spaniards being afraid to como near her for some time, "doubting lest Sir Richard would have blown up himself and them, knowing his dangerous disposition." Being taken on board the Spanish admiral's ship, his life fast ebbing away, thus remarkably did this valiant hero address himself to his weeping frionds, and to the admiring Spaniards, his con- querors. It is Raleigh who records the words: - "Here die I, Richard Gren- ville, with a joyful and quiet mind, for that I have ended my life as a true soldier ought to do that hath fought for his country, Queen, religion, and honour. Whereby my soul most joyfully departeth out of this body, and shall always leave behind it an everlast- ing fame of a valiant and true soldier that hath done his duty as he was bound to do." "When he had finished these words," says Raleigh, "he gave up the ghost with great and stout courage, and no man could per ceive any sign of heaviness in him." Let the name of Richard Grenville " smell sweet and blossom out of the dust." We must here take leave of Mr. Froude, being able heartily to recommend every one of the papers in his book to the notice and deep attention of tho judicious reader. 