GRANTFORD GRANGE. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. CHAPTER XIX. THE ESCAPE. IN half an hour the cell door re-opened to let in the gaoler, who came to remove the remnants of Lionel's evening meal and see that all was right for the night. His search was brief, and he evidently had not the slightest suspicion of what had occurred. When it was over he approached the little table and lifted bowl and spoon from it. As he did so his eye rested on the untouched loaf. "Haven't had much appetite, I see," he said Lionel shook his head. "I should think you wouldn't, said the gaoler. "Poor old soul, I don't believe she'll overget this. Old folks takes things hard. You must have been a pet of hers." "She has indeed been kind to me," said Lionel. "Reckoned so," said the gaoler. "Why, I had almost to carry her down stairs, and then she held on to the door and said she couldn't leave her dear nephew in prison. The Missus cried hard to hear her. The young lady bore up pretty well ; but the old un I didn't expect would live to get out. Ah, it oughter be a warning to young men to see how people break their hearts when they go wrong. Well, I'll take the loaf, I suppose." Lionel's heart gave a wild leap and stood still. His eye was rivetted on the broad hand of the gaoler hovering over the loaf. Should it touch it the weight might at once reveal the truth. It was a second of horrible suspense. But a thought struck him. Pointing to a spot upon the floor, he cried : "Have you lost a key ?" And the gaoler turned with a sudden start. "It's only a nail head, I believe," said Lionel, "Confound it, yes," replied the man. "I thought I was too cute to drop my keys about." "I'll keep the loaf," said Lionel ; "my appetite may come in the night." And the gaoler, with a rough "Very well," left the cell, locking the door behind him. Lionel listened to his retreating footsteps listened to every noise within or without the gaol— to the mice in the walls, the creaking of the vane upon the roof, the distant roll of a market wagon, and the wailing shriek of the engine as the evening train thundered past. For a long time he dared not touch those precious tools lest chance should bring the gaoler to his cell again. And when at last he drew them from their concealment, he trembled from head to foot with excitement. There they reposed upon his palm, glittering even in the faint moonlight which reached the little cell. He felt how wondrously strong and sharp they were, and how well fitted for his purpose, and then mounted to the window. There were nine perpendicular rods of iron, thicker than a man's thumb before the panes. All must be removed before he could force his person through the aperture. It was a work of time, and Lionel began his task, growing bolder as time passed, and dead silence proved that all within the prison were asleep. To use such caution—to descend softly with each rod as it was removed to—keep a watch upon the road, lest some late passenger should detect him by the moonlight— when his blood was boiling with impatience, tried Lionel's nerves as they had never been tried in all his life. He could have exerted all his strength and have forgotten everything beside in his task, but this luxury was denied him. Detection would be fatal. Slowly the file passed through the rods ; slowly they were lifted one by one from their places. Five were already gone, when a sound caused Lionel to pause in his labor—the sound of steps in the corridor, accompanied by the jingling of keys. For the moment Lionel believed that the noise he made had aroused the gaoler ; but after a brief suspense he came to the decision that the sounds were made by the feet of a great dog that roamed the gaol by night and by the jangling of the short chain about his neck. Relieved of his apprehension, he at once betook himself to his task with redoubled energy, and ere the hour of twelve, had cleared his prison window of its every bar. Then for the first time he looked from the aperture to the ground below. The room was in an upper floor and many feet from the earth. To jump or fall would be to court destruction, and, as yet, none of those of whom the gipsy had spoken were in sight. Lionel peered into the shadows anxiously, and fancied every bush or stone a crouching figure, until the door of a neighbour- ing church dropped twelve strokes into the night, when there came from the little flagged place about the prison door a whistle, clear as that of some night bird. Lionel cast his eye down and saw a figure standing flat against the wall, and at the same moment a pebble spun past his head into the room. Wrapped about it was a cord ; and as with eager hands the prisoner drew it up he found at its end another of greater strength, and below that a heavy rope capable of supporting a great weight. "Make it fast, my lad," called the voice of the whistler below, "and be spry if you can. Time is flying." Lionel glanced around. A great projecting beam caught his eye. To this he knotted the rope, and then, clambering to the sill, prepared for his descent. One glance he gave at the closed door, then, clasping the rope, set his feet against the masonry, and swung clear of the wall. The rope glided through his glowing hands. He hung dizzily in mid air. Then, the window farther and earth nearer with every instant, he kept his hold, though the burning of the flayed palms was agony, until his feet touched the ground. There, giddy and bewildered, scarcely able to see or hear distinctly, he was seized upon by two stout men, who, with breathless whispers of caution, hurried him away between them. On from the prison grounds to a lonely path leading toward the woods—through long grass and tangled undergrowth until they stood within a little hollow, where, about a fire, stood four other men all young, all wild of look and mien—who watched the operations of on old woman who stirred some savoury mess in what might have been a witches' cauldron over a fire of sticks. Each hand flew to belt or bosom as the steps approached ; but a shrill whistle from Lionel's conductor put them at their ease and they moved aside to let the new-comers approach the fire. "Welcome, lads," said one of the number. "What cheer ?" "Good," replied the man addressed. "There's no chase as yet. But we've no time to lose. Where are the duds ?" The old woman tossed a bundle of ragged men's clothing across the flames, and the young gipsy addressed Lionel : "Put these on, sir, and make the others into a bundle. Then when you've smeared your face a bit, tied up one eye with a handkerchief, and taken tinker's traps over your shoulder, your own mother wouldn't know you. We'll travel with you until daybreak, and whoever sees us will see nothing but a party of tinkers on the tramp. You'll need to eat and wet your whistle before you go.— Come, old mother, is the stew done ?" "Ready, ready," said the woman, as she tilted the mess into sundry pans and bowls, with a spoon in each, and tossed some bread into a basket. "Set to ; you'll need it before you have another meal, my pretty gentleman." And Lionel, by this time dressed in his new attire, sat down on the green grass amongst the gipsies. It was a hasty meal, but a hearty one. Over and over again the dishes were filled and emptied ; and at last the young fellow who seemed to be master of the ceremonies started up. "Come, lads," he said "no time to spare. Stow your grub, and hand round the demijohn. Health and good luck to the gentleman, and may the stars make his heels light !" Each of the group swallowed a draught of the liquor in the vessel passed from hand to hand, and then, leaving the old woman busy with her own meal, set out on their journey. Almost in the dark at first, for the moon had set, and the stars gave faint and fitful light ; but by and by, when they had well passed that part of the country familiar to Lionel, in the gray and misty twilight which precedes the dawn and at length in a flood of golden light, under a sky full of many-tinted clouds. When every cottage window glistened like molten silver, the leader of the little band turned toward Lionel. "We must leave you here," he said. "It's your own fault if you're taken after this. Trust to the tinker's dress for this day, and be wary. Good-bye, and good luck to you." "I thank you all," said Lionel. "Were I rich I would do something to repay you. As it is, I have a little money, which you will please me by accepting." He took forth his purse, and held it toward the gipsy ; but the latter shook his head, " 'Tisn't often we refuse money," he said, "but we can't take that we know, some of us, what it is to be hunted like a wild beast. You'll need it all. Only look you, when you meet a gipsy in trouble, think of to-night, and don't go against him. Good-bye." "Good-bye, and a million thanks !" said Lionel. And the next moment he stood alone upon the road—alone, in his tinker's dress, with furnace and solder-pot on his shoulder, and a jingling ring of keys over his arm. "No one would have recognised in him anything but the wandering workman in search of jobs. But safe though he knew himself to be for the moment, the knowledge of his position dawned upon him in all its horror for the first time, as he stood watching the retreating forms of his guides. He was no longer in the prison ; he was free ; but, alas ! unless some event almost miraculous took place, free for what ? To wander over the world, nameless and homeless, forever more to feel that where his name was spoken it was mingled with words of hate and horror to know that honest men were full of zeal to have him done to death as a wild beast who had stolen into some sheep-fold to rend the young lambkins of the flock ; to fly while life should last before the haunting horrors of a felon's doom ! This was his portion—this ! But with it all came one pure consolation : Geraldine trusted, Geraldine pitied, Geraldine loved him. Come what might, he had the memory of her caressing touch, of her pure kiss, to sustain him. The worst was passed when she first put her hand in his, and told him of her faith in his innocence. So struggling with his emotion, Lionel plodded on his way, putting with every hour new miles between himself and the pursuers who might even now be on his track. CHAPTER XX. THE ABDUCTION. THE sun was setting ; the last golden rays were scattered over a gipsy camp, bringing the dark faces upturned toward the sky as their owners rolled or lay upon the grass. Supper was cooking over the fire, and the tents were pitched for the night. Tinker's tools and furnaces were tossed here and there, and more than one game at cards was going on amidst the dusky groups of lithe, slender limbed men. Some of the women were lazily chatting, some clumsily mending tattered garments, others nursing babies with eyes like jet beads, and tiny hands, marvellous alike for symmetry and dirt. One woman, whom we have seen, sat under a tree, watching a boy amongst its branches— a boy who looked as much a gipsy as the rest, and whom we should not have known for Otho Grantford by any outward tokens of dress or ornament. The handsomest by far of all the gipsy children he certainly was, and Hagar watched him swinging, half clad, amongst the boughs, with mighty pride. At last she called him. "Come down to your mammy, little lad," and he came at once, springing to her side with a laugh of perfect glee. "Put thy head in mammy's lap," she said, "and tell her, dost like being a gipsy ?" "Better every day," said the boy. "And tell mammy why." "I'm out of doors all day," said the child. "No one over says to me, 'Have you learnt your lesson ?' I don't have to study ; I don't sit wishing I was a bird, in a musty room, with a grammar before me. I don't hate any- thing as I used to hate Latin. I'd like to see Geraldine, and Miss Henderson, and Mr. Malcolm, but I wouldn't go back to the Grange for worlds." "And lost love mammy, lad ?" asked Hagar. "Dearly," said the boy. And she fondled him and played with him much as some splendid tigress might with her frolicsome young. Then, lying on her lap, with his face up- turned to hers, the boy coaxed his gipsy mother to sing to him, and though the words of the song were coarse and wild enough, there was music in the rendering of the time, as much, perhaps, as there might have been, had it been carried by some world-famed prima donna. Suddenly, as Hagar sang, a hand came down on her shoulder, and a voice whispered in her ear : "You haven't lost your voice yet, I see, Hagar. By Jove, it's a pity you haven't had a chance in the opera. You'd have made a fortune, you would." Hagar turned, with a sudden pause in her song, and found Simeon Blix beside her. Almost unconsciously she gathered her boy in her arms, and looked at him angrily. "What brings you here ?" she said. Sim. laughed aloud. "I can't come to take the boat," he said. "There, now put yourself at ease. I was afeared, to tell the truth, you'd got sick of him, and wanted to send him back, so I come over to advise you not." The woman laughed. "You never were half a gipsy," she said. "Don't you know us better ? My boy loves his mammy. I love him dearly. Old Sam couldn't part us, unless he wanted to lose his horns and his eyes. Hey, my lad, shall they take you back to the Grange ? Here's one come for you." Otho drew himself up and folded his arms. "I'll never go away," he said. "I'll kill them if they try to take me." "My own lad spoke then," said Hagar. "And what are you now ?" "Little king of the gipsies," said Otho. "He looks it," said Hagar. "Nay, Sim., we are not tired of each other yet, and I wish only that I dared march up before the Grange windows and cry, 'See, you couldn't keep my pretty lad from his own mother, if she is a gipsy woman.' " "You'd best not try it," said Sim., "and look here, young un, they've got a bigger lot of books, and a good rattan, too, for you, if they only catch you. But, I say, Hagar, you're bolder than I would be to stay so near." "The bolder the safer," said Hagar. "After the things that have happened, who could say anything but that a gipsy boy looked like the one that was to be heir of the Grange, and is dead now, and the child knows what to say. Listen. "Whose child are you, lad ?" "Mammy Hagar's," said Otho. "And where have you lived all your life ?" "Wherever she pitched her tent." "And what's your name ?" "Lot Had." She roared with laughter. "As far as I can guess, lyin' comes more easy to him than book learning did," he said. "Come, that's good. There's a five cent piece for you, and you go on, and you'll be an out and out gipsy before long. Has he got so far as prigging anything yet ?" Hagar shook her head. "No need of that," she said. "He'd rather give than take. He's got a king's heart. Come, Sim., the stew is done. Will you eat with us ?" "Thank ye-no," said Sim., with a face of disgust. "I'm putting up at a hotel— I am. They have I can't say how many courses at dinner, and no end of dishes. You don't lick anybody's wooden spoon there, nor grub up meat with your fingers. I an't half a gipsy now, that's certain, for I don't cover my peck of dirt. I'll just talk to them I know a bit, not to look proud, and then go. Well, good- by. There's a dollar or two for you, and keep the young un safe." He walked away and Hagar looked after him. "You're a queer one," she muttered. "I don't trust you ; but my wishes dance with yours, and there's no reason to be afraid of you. Come, lad." And the child, whose young appetite was too good to be spoiled by gipsy sluggishness, was soon wielding his spoon with the best. Meanwhile Sim. lounged about the camp until his eye caught that of a long, lean man, with a crafty face and dancing eyes, to whom he made a signal, which, slight as it was, was understood, and in a little while was joined by him in a sheltered spot distant from the gipsy group, who were contending for the contents of the pot like so many animals. It was Aaron Had, Hagar's husband, whom he thus honoured, and when the two sat side by side, the gipsy villainy of both faces seemed to stand out more vividly. Aaron was handsome, though too lean and long, and Sim was almost hideous ; but the expression of each countenance was identical. They looked at each other for awhile, then Aaron spoke. "Well, what d'ye want of me ?" "Business," said Sim. "To be paid for ?" asked Aaron. "Of course. Nobody around to hear ?" "Not a soul." The two men glanced over their shoulders, and drew closer together. "I say," said Sim., "she's taken a mighty notion to the young 'un." "Yes," growled Aaron. "Have you ?" "No," answered Aaron ; "I ain't the kind to take such notions. He's in my way. She'll get us in trouble yet. I've been in trouble often enough ; I don't want no more of it." "What d'ye let her keep him for ?" asked Sim. "You forget what Hagar is, I guess," said Aaron. "She's a tigress," said Sim. "And you'd like me to take a tigress's whelps from her, would you ?" asked Aaron. Sim. laughed. "When force won't do stratagem will," he said. "Look here, Aaron : 'tisn't part of my plan to have her keep the young man. No matter why, 'tisn't my plan. I want to get rid of him, and who knows when his precious mother may choose to have him turn up. Women an't to be trusted. Of course you'll be glad to be rid of him, and I'm ready to take him off your hands ; only the thing is to manage it. Hagar could get the truth out of anybody but you in the camp ; so you must help me. I know there's a chance of getting an inch of cold steel in your flesh, so I'm willing to pay for the trouble. You share her tent, and as her husband, can't be suspected for coming in and out. When the moon's down to-night—and she sets at one—can you bring the boy out- side ?" The gipsy shook his head. "It will be hard work," he said. "Hagar sleeps lightly ; a touch wakes her and she is always on the watch. When she lies down she takes this lad of hers on her arm and holds tight to his clothes, and no more lets go than if her life depended on it ; and she wears a knife next her heart, and her other hand she keeps free to use it. Try taking the lad yourself, Sim." "It's dangerous work, I know," said Sim. ; "but look here. Here's a dose for her. It won't hurt her, but she'll sleep sound after it. You can give it to her in a drop of liquor ; and for the matter of that, the boy might as well take some too. We'll have no trouble then until morning." "Then the stars help the man she suspects." said Aaron. "You don't mean to let her guess that you've had a hand in it ?" said Sim. "She may know it," said the gipsy, solemnly. "Hagar can read past and future sometimes." Sim. laughed. "Stamp around, and swear, and threaten and pretend to look for the brat," he said. "It's easy to gammon woman, after all. Tell for you half suspect her, and offer to choke some- body for being at the bottom of it." "Perhaps it wouldn't do," said the gipsy. "Besides, I don't love to thwart Hagar. I'd rather please her." "You're afraid of her," said Sim. The gipsy shook his head. "You're right," he said, "I am afraid of her." But his eye glittered as it fell upon the purse Sim. swung upon his forefinger. "The job is worth the whole of this to me," said the latter. "Come now, try it. Take the powder." Another gleam came into the gipsy's eye. His bony fingers suddenly clutched Sim's cravat. "Dog !" he muttered, "if I thought— But you don't dare—" "Let go ! Dare what ?" asked Sim. "To poison her !" said the gipsy. "Plague you, no ! I'd have the whole tribe at my heels," said Sim. No, it's only a sleep- ing powder. I'd take it myself, I would in- deed." The gipsy dropped his hold. "I'm a fool," he said ; "but you're a crafty one, Sim., and I never trust you. Hurt her and your doom is sealed. You know that." "Of course I do. I'm quite brotherly to Hagar. Wouldn't think of hurting her," and Sim. "Well, shall I have the brat ?" The gipsy folded his arms. "I don't want him," he said. "I'm afraid of trouble from the keeping him ; but for all that I'd not say yes if Hagar did not favour him before me. It used to be Aaron she looked for— now it's only the lad. The brightest eyes in the camp are hers, but they turn from me when a little child is near. I'm an idiot about Hagar, and perhaps it's better to be rid of the boy now, for if it went too far I might do him a mischief. Only last night I watched him sleep- ing in her arms, and had my hand on my knife without knowing it until I saw her looking at me." "Yes," said the wily Sim ; "you see he's all she has left of that grand marriage of hers. No wonder she is fond of him." "Is it for his sake—for the sake of that blue- eyed dead man she loves the child ?" hissed the gipsy. "Don't tell me that ! She says she never loved him—she never did—Yes, it is his child as well as hers. You shall have him, if I die for it. A gipsy's love is strong—a gipsy's hate is stronger. I hate the boy now— I hate him. She shall not nourish him and caress him. She shall never see him again. Wait for me to-night, and take your money back ; there are things brighter than gold to gipsy eyes." Aaron had lashed himself to fury. His eyes glittered, and his lips worked. One hand clutched something in his breast, and Sim. shrank from him half terrified. Suddenly, however, steps approached, and in an instant the gipsy lay on his back, carolling a drinking song, careless and merry as a child to all outward appearance. "Wait until the moon is down," he said, in a whisper, between the verses of his song, "and I'll bring the lad for you. Wait under the hollow oak by the hill side. I'll not fail you." And Simeon Blix nodded and sauntered away. An hour after this it was quite dark, and Aaron, with the strange, gliding step peculiar to him, made his way to his tent. There, as he expected, he found Hagar and her child. All day the boy had frolicked and now, tired out, he reposed upon his mother's knee ; his eyes half closed, his lips apart, the red flush on his dusky cheek a pure carnation. He looked very like Hagar ; so like that there was no look of his dead father in his face. The thought struck Aaron on the instant. He sat down by Hagar and put his arm about her. She permitted it but made no response ; all her caresses were given to the child upon her knee. Aaron's blood began to boil, but it was not his interest to betray his feelings at that moment. "He's a pretty lad," he said. "None prettier," said Hagar. "And like you," said Aaron. "I'm his mother," said Hagar. And no recognition of Aaron's gallantry came into her face as she spoke. It was plain the child was far dearer to her than her husband. Aaron ground his teeth and took his arm from his wife's waist but he did it with no hasty movement which might alarm her, and busied himself at once with a bottle and some cups which were in a corner on the ground. "It's chill to-night," he said, in a voice which grew a little husky. "A drink will do us no harm and the lad shall have some, too, sweetened and watered. Hey, lad !" Hagar nodded. She could drink like a man, with those red, woman's lips of hers. The boy laughed. He felt that it was manly to be allowed to taste the liquor in that bottle so peculiarly Aaron's property. So the gipsy poured the drink into cups, suited one to a child's taste, and then stood with the tiny powders hidden in the palm of one hand. So imbued was he with faith in Hagar's sa- gacity, nay, in her supernatural knowledge of what occurred, that he dared not mingle them with the liquor. The very thought of it turned him cold with fear. He trifled with the cups, rattled them nerf- ously, made a pretence of filling them more fully and then looked at Hagar. Her eye was on the child. Still keeping his own upon it, he lifted the first paper between his fingers, and slowly filtered the contents into the cup he had prepared for Otho. Then he looked again. This time he met his wife's burning, black eye. It only laughed on him and turned away. She suspected nothing So, conscious that this was the time to act, the other powder dropped from its paper into the cup under his hand—and still his motions were unnoticed. If Hagar thought anything it was that Aaron was in- dulging in an extra libation on his own account. But Otho clamoured for his promised draught. "Give the child his cup," said Hagar, a little testily and Aaron reached the two towards mother and child. As he did so his hand shook like that of one with the ague. "Are you cold ?" asked Hagar. "Yes," answered the gipsy and he spoke the truth. He was cold as ice to the very heart. Wrap yourself in a blanket, said Hagar. "No," said Aaron, "the drink will warm me ;" and he emptied his cup at a draught, and filled and emptied it again. Hagar followed his example. But Otho, with a child's pure tastes, did not, after all like the coveted beverage, and took only a sip or so, despite the attempts of Aaron to make him swallow all Alone with him, the gipsy would have forced the draught down the boy's throat but his dread of Hagar made nothing possible save a little playful urging. He was obliged to be content with matters as they were, and sat at last, watching the two as they lay down side by side in their humble bed. Hagar moved drowsily, and seemed already in a sort of dream, but the boy remained awake longer than usual, for Aaron saw his black eyes glittering in the shadows like two diamonds. He crouched near the entrance of the tent, keeping the curtain lifted, that the moonbeams might fall on the floor space. He held his breath and listened, and soon Hagar began to breathe heavily. The boy only gave an occasional childish yawn. The clock of a church within earshot rung out the hour of ten. Then the quarters, then eleven. Still the black diamonds glittered in the shadow. At last, when the midnight hour was tolled the breath came regularly. A little hand closed, as a baby's might, about Hagar's finger. Otho was asleep. Aaron's heart beat faster, the moon lent him little light now, for she was well nigh hidden behind the distant hills. He dropped the cur- tain of the tent and bent over the couch. His quick ear proved to him that both slumbered. Then he struck a match upon the framework and looked upon the beautiful picture of the gipsy mother and her child asleep in each other's arms. The sight inspired him with fresh courage. Why should this child be all the world to Hagar, and he less than nothing ? With a muttered curse he started to his full height, straight and lithe and soft of foot as any Indian. The moon was quite gone now, and only the starlight fell upon the gipsy camp. Beyond it, in the distance, are the dark form of the hollow oak where at moon- set Simeon was to await his coming. The gipsy looked towards the sleeping pair. His long brown fingers unloosened the chubby fist from its close clasp and softly drew the boy from his mother's arms. Hagar never moved. She lay so very still, so utterly motionless, that a terrible fear crept into the gipsy's heart. What if the drug had proved a poison ? He ventured to touch her ; she was warm with life and health. It was only sleep ; but sleep deeper than had ever wrapped her senses before. So sound was she that he ventured to lift the boy in his arms quite from the bed. He struggled in his sleep. She never moved. Aaron moved away with the child a few steps brought him to the opening of the tent ; a few more and he was outside the curtain. Perhaps the night air chilled the boy perhaps Aarons nervous clutch awoke him. At all events the lids lifted suddenly and the eyes beneath them flashed upon Aaron with the brilliancy of terror in their dilated pupils. "Mammy—mammy—mammy Hagar !" cried the urchin. "Come—come ! they are taking me away from you !" "You little fool, be still," whispered Aaron, stifling the small voice with his brown hand, and listening for the sounds which he fancied the cry must bring. But Hagar neither moved nor cried out and in a moment her husband was re-assured. He put his lips to Otho's ear and whispered : "What ! do you want to be taken from your mammy ? The people from the Grange are after you. If you want to go, say so—I don't care." "No, no," said the boy, "I want to stay with her. I like her best. I love her and she loves me. I'm her gipsy lad, and she's my mammy." "Be quiet then," growled the gipsy. "She's coming after us as fast as she can ("The stars grant that's a lie," he added to himself, as he glanced over his shoulder.) But the stars favoured him, and Hagar still lay in her death-like slumber within the tent. The long limbs of the gipsy bore him swiftly, yet cautiously, over the ground. Dark as the moon's setting had left the night scene, he could still distinguish the dark forms strewn upon the grass. It would have been dangerous for any of those eyes to flash upon him, for Hagar would have learnt the truth by dawn, and her vengeance would be prompt. She would have the man who robbed her of her new found pet, and, even if no harm could come to him in consequence, Aaron would have borne anything better than Hagar's hate. in the depths of his wild gipsy heart he loved his wife intensely. It was a fierce, passionate love of the senses, rather than the soul, it is true, but it was love after all. He could not let this child of the dead husband she once loved share her caresses. He could even have crushed out the little life in his jealous hate that she should value it. But with her eye on him he had often fondled the boy to win her favour. Had Death, in proper person, followed on the gipsy's heels, he could not have taken his noiseless way through the sleeping groups with a more deadly terror at his heart. At last he had passed them all ; the camp lay behind him a mass of shadows in the shady hollow, and he stood under the hollow lightning- riven oak tree face to face with Simeon Blix. "I've brought the kid," he whispered ; "take him and go. I can't stop—I can't wait to talk to you. Go." Otho heard, and his little lips quivered : "Where's my gipsy mammy ?" he said. "I won't go without her." Simeon uttered an oath. "You'll do what you're told," he said. But the gipsy put his finger on his lips. "His mammy is coming," he said. "She's waiting to bring the things. I brought him away because the gentle folk at the Grange are after him you understand." "I understand there's to be no squalling," said Sim. " You've kept me waiting a thunder- ing time, and you haven't dared to quiet matters as I showed you how. What's he awake for ?" He said this in a whisper, and Aaron responded in the same tone. "She is asleep sound as the dead. The child refused to drink. You must do your best now, and the stars help you if our lads catch you at the work—you'd swing without judge or jury." Sim. opened his vest and exhibited a brace of pistols. "I'd murder one or two of the lean devils first," he said. "Well, go, if you like. The sooner the bet- ter, confound you." He took Otho in his arms. Aaron had waited for no parting salute, but glided away without a word, and when he had gone, Sim. placed the boy on the ground, and knelt down to bring their faces on a level. Then he unbuttoned his vest. "Look here," he said ; "what are those ?" "Pistols," said the boy. "What are they for ?" asked Simeon. "To shoot with," said Otho. "Very good," said Sir. "Now, look you here, as sure as you yell, or holler, or kick, or call your mammy, or show any of your airs, I'll put one of 'em to your ear and t'other to your breast, and shoot you into bits so small they'll never be picked up again. You hear that ? Very well, remember it, I'm goin' to take you with me a number of miles. You'll find out why when I tell you, and where when you get there. You are to show no tantrums and do no talking. You'll not be hurt, and you'll not be starved while you mind. If you don't mind, why, you'll be murdered, and you'll never see your mammy again. If that's a treat you like to expect, which is more than I can say for myself, for she's a kind of tigress in petticoats, to my fancy." The boy's eyes flashed. "She's pretty and good," he said. "I don't believe she's coming. I hate you ! I hate you !" and he stamped his little foot. "No love lost between us, then," said Sim., clutching the boy's arm as he made an effort to escape. "Come with me, and your mammy 'll follow. Now listen. You're to walk beside me as fast as you can, and as quiet as you can, or you know the consequences. Them pistols are loaded. One of 'em I'll hold in my right hand while we walk. Make a noise if you dare. Now come." Sim. arose as he spoke and walked on, keeping a tight grasp of the little fellow's wrist, and awed by the threats he had heard and the lone- liness of their situation, Otho offered no resist- ance. In his little heart he knew that no good was intended by this man, that his new-found mother would not follow him, and felt impelled to burst into cries for help, and struggle with the strong brute whose fingers closed, vice-like, about his wrist ; but already he had learned to fear death beyond all else, and his love of life sealed his baby lips. Crushing back sobs and tears, he marched by Sim.'s side for two hours at least, and manfully forbore to slacken his pace until his eyes grew heavy and his brain giddy with sleep. Even then he stumbled on over the rough road, until Simeon reluctantly admitted that he was "used up," and took him on his arm for the remainder of the journey. It ended about daybreak, when there arose upon Sim's sight a great wagon with a covered top, wailing without horses in the road out- side of what seemed to have been a large enclosure of rough boards, now nearly demo- lished. Before this Sim. paused and whistled half a tune. The other half was whistled in answer from within, and in a moment a man half- dressed, and with a blanket over his shoulders, shambled out. "You ?" he said. "And that's the boy, hey ? Well Mr. Blix, you do look like a family man, I must say." Sim. growled. "I didn't come to talk about my looks," he said testily. "If you've got a place to put the brute, put him there, and come back to me. Hang it, I don't care if I never play child's nurse again. Get him out of my sight. I don't think he'll rouse up now until morning." The man took the sleeping child in his arms, and went behind the boards through what had been a gate. He was about ten minutes, perhaps. Then he returned with a couple of cigars, a bottle and glasses. "I can't ask you in," he said, "because the ladies has retired. But hospitality is a thing I never neglects. Allow me to offer it in kind of out o' door way. Sit down, Mr. Blix. Here's a plank, softest side up. Your health, sir." He filled the glass as he spoke, and passed one to Sim., who took it, as well as a cigar, which, when lighted, proved by its order to be a very cheap one indeed, and thus fortified, began his conversation. "Your company starts to-morrow, Mr. Ginger." "To-day sir," said that gentleman. "It's nearly five o'clock." "So it is, by George," said Sim. "Well, when you go you take him along with you." "The boy ? Of course," said Ginger. "You know what I want ?" asked Sim. "To have him kept out of the way," said Ginger. "Certainly," said Sam. "I board him with you, because you've told me you're on your way to the West and California, and not likely to be back. I'll pay you what I promised, and that's something worth your while to get a month. Keep me informed of your whereabouts, and it shall be sent reg'lar. We'll call it a bill for liquor or cigars. I'm to be married to a tip-top, genteel lady, with a fortune, and I don't care to tell her all about it." "No, no," said Ginger, "we don't tell all our secrets to our better halves. I know a married gent's feelings. I'm one myself, sir." "Very well," said Sim. "Now look here. There's a woman who will be at her wits' ends about the cub. She's the one I want to keep him from for a while. He'll ask for her—calls for his mammy. Maybe she is his mother ; that's nothing to you. But you must coax him to be quiet, by promising she shall come, until he forgets her. It you make him fond of you, and of the company, and make a professional card of him, good—I don't care. I shan't ever want to introduce him anywhere. He hasn't any particular name just now, and if you could make him take to some common one, good again. I shan't inquire much about him, and when your bills come due, Mr. Sim, Blix ain't likely to have run away, especially after he's a married man. Don't tell anybody how you came by him, and don't let him talk to strangers for a year or so." "All right," said Mr. Ginger, "You needn't feel anxious." "I don't," said Sim. "It's nothing to feel ashamed of if I am found out. Only there's no need of it." Mr. Ginger nodded, laughed, and handed the bottle to Sim. Sim. took it and refilled his glass. "A pleasant journey for yourself and the company," he said. "Thank you," replied Mr. Ginger ; "I hope to have one. Any journey that took me away from this unappreciative place where the grand bare-back act, or even the flying trapeze, is taken no more notice of by the press than common tumbling and somersaulting, would be a pleasant one, sir." Sim. laughed and nodded, the circus manager bowed, and the pair parted—Sim. sauntering lazily away in the grey dawn with a satisfactory feeling that he was out of danger. "Hagar may change her mind when she chooses," he said. "She can't spoil my game by bringing her brat back to the Grange ; and I'll manage that she never guesses I have any hand in this affair. As for the rest, they think he's dead, and will make no search whatever, and I can manage Dick. You're a made man, Sim. Blix, if you did start in life a tinker's lad." So speaking, he cut an unwieldy kind of ca- per in the road, flung away the stump of Mr. Ginger's wretched cigar, lit a fine one from his own case, and smoked himself away from the spot as speedily as might be. CHAPTER XXI. HAGAR'S DESPAIR. MEANWHILE Aaron Had went back to the tent where his wife still slumbered, and, finding all quiet, flung himself down upon a mat to sleep. He felt very guilty and very anxious, but nevertheless he found slumber almost as soon as he sought her, and soon lost all consciousness of the past or the present in her embrace. Hours passed. The sun arose over the gipsy camp ; its idle dwellers began to awake ; preparations for breakfast were commenced ; babies began to cry, children to fight or play, men to gather together the tools of their trade— the tinker's furnaces, solder pots, and rings of keys,—and women to scold shrilly. Blue smoke arose from the now kindled fires and savoury odours from simmering kettles ; still Hagar's tent remained as it had been all night —no one in it stirred. Not until the far away church clock had sounded the hour of ten did the gipsy woman open her dark eyes. Even then she closed them again dreamily, and turned her head as one might who had determined to sleep again ; but in so doing she stretched out her arms to clasp something, found them empty, and started up in a sitting position gazing about her wildly. "My little lad," she cried—"my little lad ; where is he ?" Then, with her eyes flashing, she sprang to her feet and shook Aaron Had awake. "Where is the child ?" she asked. "Run out to play, I suppose," grumbled the gipsy. Hagar went to the entrance of the tent. "Lot !" she called, giving the boy the name she had chosen for him—"Lot, come to your mammy !" There was no answer. She called again, louder than before. Again, still in an angry sort of scream, and still there was no response. At last a woman came to the spot on which Hagar stood. "Your lad has not been out here," she said. "I began to get a bit for my man two hours ago, and I haven't moved more than a yard from the fire. Nobody has come from your tent all that while." Hagar stared wildly at her, and beckoned to some half-grown boys. "Find my little lad," she said, "and I'll give you more than you'd steal in a day. He's wandered off after berries, no doubt. Told him his mammy wants him." Then she went back, and hastily put on her shoes and dress, which she had flung off the night before on laying down, and began to aid the search in her own person. As our readers already must guess, it was all in vain. No trace of the boy was visible. With all her shrewdness the gipsy never once suspected Aaron. His search for the boy seemed as earnest as her own, and his fear that the fraud practised had been discovered by Otho's friends, perfectly genuine. Over and over again he spoke of the propriety of dispersing for a time, that the camp might not be descended upon and brought to justice, and bewailed his hard fate as one brought into trouble by the whims of others. In fact, he proved himself a consummate actor, and warded off all suspicion. It seemed hardly possible that mortal man could have entered the camp, and her tent, and taken the child from her arms, without awaken- ing her ; and Hagar could only believe that he had been enticed to leave her of his own free will. But who, unless indeed the guardians of the child had discovered him, could have had any motive for the act ? Surely not Simeon Blix. It was to his interest that the boy should be safe with her. Yet she suspected him, and employed those who were equal to the task to spy upon him. She sent an old woman of the tribe also to the Grange, to see if anything unusual had occurred there. Her emissaries returned with news of Simeon which satisfied her that he was in his accustomed haunts, and with the information that Richard Osprey was still master of the Grange, and that Miss Geraldine wore the deep- est mourning for her cousin Otho. When all inquiries had been made and every dwelling for miles around spied upon and searched, and the excitement which had sustained Hagar was gone, the gipsy mother sank into a state of fearful despondency. Since she had had her child once more be- side her, all the affection of which she was possible had uprisen in her soul. She loved him better than herself, and her pride was even greater than her love. The thought that all this while he had never been fond of her—that he had stolen from her to some stranger in the night—was almost maddening ; and when she looked on the other side of the picture and fancied him in the power of some one who would ill-use him, her heart bled and her brain reeled. Whichever way she turned the new-born tenderness was made a pang to her, and the mystery of the thing was its worst feature. So when every art was exhausted that gipsy sounding could devise—when she had travelled miles and penetrated hundreds of dwellings and worn herself to a shadow by sleepless, almost hungerless toil— Hagar gave way at last and sat in her tent brooding over her loss, or lay at the bottom of the gipsy wagon, ill enough, Heaven knows, to warrant the decoctions of roots and herbs the old women sought to make her swallow. There was no effort to arouse herself, no in- terest manifested in anything that occurred ; and Aaron, racked by remorse, began to fancy, as the time passed on, that his beautiful Hagar would die from sheer sorrow. It was well for Simeon Blix and his plans that Aaron had no idea of the child's where- abouts at this juncture. CHAPTER XXII. MR. GINGER AND HIS PUPIL. WHILE the gipsy mother thus mourned her child, Mr. Ginger's circus company journeyed towards the West, bearing little Otho farther and farther from those who would have given so much to know his whereabouts ; farther and farther, too, from all who would have aided or befriended him. The petted hour of Grant for Grange, and of late the cherished plaything of his gipsy mother ; the child had never, in his brief life, heard a harsh word addressed to him and though he now found himself amongst strangers, had no dread of them. The objects he saw about him pleased and interested him. The trained horses excited his utmost admiration, and the free and easy man- ners of the ladies and gentlemen of the company won his heart. To be permitted to ride upon the wonderful pony, who did such as- tounding things as he was said to do, was honour enough for the young Otho. Soon he forgot to wonder why his gipsy mother never came, and to think of her only occasionally. The affection which had grown so suddenly within his breast was not dead yet, but the child was of an elastic temperament and too easily interested in the present to grieve greatly over the past. Besides, he fondly fancied the whole world made for his pleasure and his little will the law that ruled the universe. The women of the company admired the pretty child and were fond of having him about them. The clown, who in private life was Mr. Jenks, took a grand liking to him and promised him that he should be a clown himself when he grew big enough. Mr. Ginger, eyeing him with a professional glance, declared that he certainly would "take with an intelligent audience of females ;" and the belle of the company assured him she thought she'd wait for him if he'd only promise to grow up as handsome as he had begun. It was grand sport to Otho, already an excellent rider—for he had the most careful masters to learn feats of equestrianism suited to the ring—to be taught to dance upon the tight rope and to be instructed in wonderous summer- saults by the ringmaster, who in his every-day clothes was by no means the spruce personage he appeared to the admiring public. And, while the manager was calculating on the profit which the child would certainly bring to him—for his beauty was something unusual, and his aptitude for such training as was necessary quite remarkable—Otho believed that the only reason for all this riding and posturing, and those hourly gymnastic exercises, was the desire to obey his own request. Even had he known the part assigned him, his notions on the subject were so vague that he would probably have hailed the idea of becoming one of Mr. Ginger's performers as a very pleasant one. By the time they reached the first Western village in which this latter gentleman hoped to meet with an appreciative audience, Otho was so far forward in his education as to be ready to appear in some easy though showy feats of horsemanship, and was provided, to his great joy, with a suit of flesh- coloured tights and any quantity of gilded trappings, and to be announced in the bill as "Master Auguste Gonzalez the infant Wonder of the World." Then, when the circus tent was pitched, and the crowd of gapers gathered beneath it ; when the clown, all red and white, a sort of comic ghost to look at, propounded old conundrums to the ring master, and was horsewhipped for being saucy to Mademoiselle Florina, when that lady took flying loops over rampant steeds and kissed her hand to the audience, as she flew through a papered hoop, and the whole company appeared in what Mr. Ginger was pleased to call the "Grand Moral Spectacle of Crossing the Desert ;" the pony bore the smiling boy into the ring, and the manager found he had been right about his proving "a cord", for every matron and every matron's daughter grew enthu- siastic over the beautiful little darling, and there was more applause elicited by this simple per- formance than by the most difficult acrobatic feats of Monsieur Montifalli, who, if the truth were stated on the bills had "astounded all the scientific world by his mysterious triple somer- sault." In one word, the debut was a success, and Otho's fate was sealed. It was pleasant enough for the boy at first, but the time soon came when his fun grew to be very hard work indeed. In appreciative neighbourhoods three performances were given a day, and at each the child appeared. His inclination at first, afterwards his pride, sustained him through the fatigue ; but at last, both forsook him, and all he longed for was rest. Then began the conflict between the manager and the child, which no one who witnessed it ever forgot. Mr. Ginger had trained many a restive horse, but he found the turning of the little creature, whom he could have lifted with one hand, a task of far greater magnitude. Sometimes, when all was ready and the audience were calling for the boy, Otho would seat himself upon the ground and, folding his baby arms, declare that he would not ride that day. Remonstrance was of no avail, orders were unheeded, threats disregarded. Only by sheer brute force could the manager conquer the elf who opposed him all his little might. But, by this force, he did conquer at last. The little heir of Grantford Grange grew to fear the weight of the circus manager's rough hand. He learnt what blows were. He learnt to tremble at the crack of the whip, and to dance and ride and keep, smiling and kissing his little hand to the applauding audience, while his heart was so full of woe that it is a wonder that it did not break outright. The ladies of the company said sometimes that it was "a shame of Mr. Ginger," but, after all, the child's fate was only theirs. They smiled when they were wretched, they danced when they longed to lie down and die. More than one had a tipsy husband who beat her ; and sometimes when Mademoiselle Flo- ring's spouse (for Mademoiselle in private life was married and named Smith) led her out with a smile on his rouged lips, and the query : "Well, Mademoiselle, shall we let those ladies and gentlemen see how we can ride ?" and the clown made a good pretence of falling into spasms of admiration at the sight of the lady, and was flogged for kissing his hand by the ring-master—poor Mademoiselle's arms were black and blue with pinches, and the two had only given a slight intermission to a most ferocious quarrel, to be resumed when their part of the performances was over. So Otho's trials were, after all, in their eyes, the common lot of humanity and as Mr. Ginger had made the statement that he had taken the boy out of charity, and must make what he could by him, no one ventured to interfere. Three times the boy had striven to elude the eyes about him, and escape from the company, with a vague hope that, if he ran far enough, he would find either the gipsy camp or Grant- ford Grange. He had no idea of the distance he had travelled, on the locality in which the circus tent was pitched, save that he heard a good deal of going west. In the east, then, he should find those he sought, and thither his little steps invariably directed themselves. He was always brought back, however, and on his return felt heavier blows, and heard more angry threats ; so that, at last, he gave up all hope, and resigned himself to his daily tasks— his little spirit quite cowed and broken. Every week he became worth more to Mr. Ginger. The fame of his pretty acrobatic exploits travelled from one western village to the other, and the announcement the arrival of Master Auguste Gonzalez brought a little throng to witness his performances. Sometimes the woman would gather about the little creature—almost like a baby in his glittering costume—and kiss him, and ask him "if he liked to dance and ride." To many a motherly soul, with her own babies about her, the child longed to answer that he was unhappy, and to beg her to take him back to Hagar, or even to the Grange— the mild restraint of which would have been Heaven to him now. But he dared only utter the smart sayings taught him, and to declare himself as happy as the day was long ; for close beside him stood the ringmaster, cracking his gilded whip, and saying, with an unctuous stage roll in his voice : "Answer the ladies, little Master Auguste. Bless you, Madame, he's been able to ride ever since he left his mother's arms, and took to the tight rope when other children are in their cradles !" Then the boy would bow, and trip away, kissing his hand as he went, and the admiring audience would think him "such a happy child." And children would envy him his glittering dress and freedom to ride those wonderful steeds. And away in his own little crannie, the weary child would hide his head upon his pillow, and murmur : "Oh, Mummy Hagar, why don't you ever come ? Have you left off loving your gipsy boy ?" [TO BE CONTINUED.] 