THE STORY-TELLER. '::A WIFE'S SECRET * Yoi asked me once if I had ever had a secret from my husband. i Answering"Yes," I promised some day 'to tell you all about it iI will do so now. When we were first married, and for a Iime afterwards, we were poor; neither. of us were used to poverty. I was the youngest, and had been .the pet, of a large family; I was inexperienced in every way, and somewhat spoiled by in dulgence. Kenelm, my husband, was several years older than. his iittle wife; he was good, grave, and wise; there was .something in his character that made peo; ple afraid of him; when he courted me, my sisters held him in awe; yet strangely enough,. I, coward as I was in most. re spects? felt nothing of this awe till after wards, but treated him with girlish aidacity and tyranny. I knew 'nm y power. I must not allow my ~self to t:ell your of dur happiness during: the s :frst months after our: marraige ; ?hat has nothing to do with .this story; for then I ,had .not the ghost bf a: secret from my husband. It is true that I- a fwas fOrced to be very quiet during the earlier part of the day, when .the scratching of Kenelm's pen was almost the ,only sound to be heard in our house; but I indemnified myself in the evening for the morning's silence. I dearly loved .to talk to Kenelm! I used then to show him the innermost thoughts of my heart:. he was so -gentle and reserved, and in return gave, me his full confidence,' sometimes speaking ito me of things far beyond my. comprehen :sion, gladdening me by saying 'that often a few random words of mine would sug gest the solution of :.perplexities. over which he had long pondered ! Well, we were poor.-? I had 'twenty pounds a-yoar--For the rest we depended upon my husband's earnings. We had married in the spring the following win-. ter Kenelm fell ill very ill. Neccessarily his illness increased our expences; and I,. without any regard to cost, or '.ainy thought of whose labour-must pay. for all, procured everything that I fancied might please him -or do him "good. When he 'was convalescent, the doctor ordered him not to. write for .months to .come.I understood his smile, as -he listened to this decree;- it smote me with sharp, sudden pain; II remember -'I rani awajy to weep. ' child " : I..must wite, my c we are n debt, we .want money.'" This? .was allhis answer to my tearful remonstrance, when long, long befoie he- was strong,. Isaw him settle down towork_ . Fo'r the first.tiime lI.sliank away from his. nild glance for. the:first time the deep tenderness of his tone sounded to me as a reproach. I 'went from his study into the garden. It was spring; but I paid no heed0o the lovelinossof the sunnymorning. o-day I was too miserable to weep, for the first time in my life perhaps. I stood, leaning my head 'against atree, absorbed in self-reproachful thought--knowing, for the firsttime, how dreadful, a thing it was to want money. I had ione friend living near she had been Kenelm's frfend for years and years, but.; now. she: was especially mine. It chanced that she passed. our gate, that' miorning, and, seeing me; came in for: a few 'moments. .You, Miminie, of all: womenini 'the world, to look upon this .swee day viithlL so sad a face! ,.What ails ?you,. dear ? Kenelm is getting well'"' :' But he will be ill again. :The doctor says he should have 'change and perfect rest, and-he is at ::work.; I have been extravagant-we want .money,"., She was grave immediately. "'Poor dear !". she -said :" no wonder, you are not mherry-Oh, that money !"' Sh e:softly stroked my , hanad,; and fell .iato meditative silence . :.. .. :-. ' .:,Presently she cried, a quite abruptly, M M':innie, you shall write a novel!':• Wi'-started, and' blushed as if she had' proposed to me to commit a crlinme. -', Yet s,' she repeated,' yoi1 shall write a novel.. I have a little leisure-nothing else, 'alas!-at youir service-you write, I will revise and manage all besides." ' '.' But--Renelmn-" "Would he not like it ? Ah !-perhaps not--Ihadforgotten. Good, almpost per feet as he is, he has his prejudices." ' " But ifI could write a .book.! If .I could earn enough money to:take him to the sea-side-I would risk the rest. .. I will -not be afraid; I will try and, write- a novel- only he, shall never kiiow.: unless I succeed.". "Is it well to have a secret fromn vour husband ?" "Just this one." I must iry :It-would be so gloriotis if I were 'ot succeed.! ? :: " You should know best. But, Minnie, I had rather you told him." "No, no, no, not unless I succeed. What makes you think that I can write a book?" " I have seen' little attempts of yours- do not blush---and bits, only bits, of your letters to Kenelm. If Mrs. Kenelm Cameron writes her book as simply and fervently as Minnie Grey, wrote- her love letters, it will do-always provided that, before she begins it, she quite makes up her mind what it is to be about'." "' That is the puzzle." " It will not long remain so, if the book is destined to be written. I ..am going from honme; you shall have my address; let me help you in any way I can."' I took leave of her absently, already pondering what my book was to be about. For three days and three nights I con tinued to ponder this matter. When Kenelm asked of what I was thinking, I blushed, giving the stupid answer, "Nothing particular." He looked sur prised, but said nothing'further.. Now, in all that follows, it may seem to you that if I had .given the' matter a playful .turn, and if. my husband had trusted me as he ought to have done, no unhamppiness would have ensued. It was not :in my power to think of imy secret lightly--,-directly I had a secret from my husband, I turned coward, and became, morbidly timid in his presence. And ihe: -he did not suspect me of wrong doing -it was my want. of confidence towards him that he mourned. I think that I have heard Kenelm say that it is in na tures acted upon, not in the acts them selves, that the elements of Tragedy1 and Comedy are contained. I suppose we each acted as it was our natuire to act. : When. those three days and nights of meditation had provedfruitless, I drowned my hope in tears. I had found no sub ject of which I felt competent to treat, no cause to advocate, and I despaired. : A day or two afterwards an aquain tance sent us tickedts for a concert: in the evening she called for us. My husband was not well enough to go---I hated to •go without him; but he sent' nie because hathought that I was beginning to pine in a to quiet life. I felt very ungrateful towards the friend who carried me off, so sorely against my wiill.. It was a " clas sical"' concert of instrumental music-: Ilove such music. Yet 'by-and-by I found that I was not listening to it. I was writing -nay, rather contemplating-rmy book! It did not suggest itselfto mebitby bit, but. I seemed to grasp it all-plot,'purpose, in cident-at once. .I literally hugged my self under cover of my little, white cloak, andsaid, "This Will do." - . '!Ex4Luisite! is it not ?" my companion exclaimed, thinking I had spoken to her in praise of the music. -Her glance dwelt wonderingly on my eicited fa~ce. Now I was only anxious to get home.: I dreaded that I might forget. Fortu nately my-friend, was, sleepy during the drive--the rapid motion. continued the excitement the music: had prodiuced., When we stopped ,at my gate, .and t jh lady woke up to say "Good-night,";,L astonished her -by the fervouir: of m "e Thank you !lyoundo not know what: you have done :for me." : : ::. -.: :: "Are you. such an enthusiast ?"' sh4 asked. ."Had I known itl I wvoulf. kiaveiv sent your tickets before, I will remdmber you in future--godnl-hih.. - I let myself into, .the h?oiuse.. I.ihad made Kenelm promise not to sit- up,.?and had drdered .Ann to go to -Ibed.'-- How glad -I was ofthiS!. - ' -::: ... -:. . .:. The lamp anid the fire-burnedb nlidn the. parloir, and the little supper-tray stood ready. I had made no nloisp; Isotoeto nI .room, foune IKenelm. asleep, looking very wan aind worn; I bent down and kiss?' 'him lightly, then ran away.riem i)?n In the parlour I sat down to write, and I wrote-hour after- .hour. Wheni:the lamp went out, I looloied upy in, -coster nation-oit was growing light. \- 'Very carefully I gathered together iny precious 'sheets; I put. them within a boo, (a cookery book, I reii;mber), And. hid that at the bottom of my work-table. I crept to bed cold, tired happy, but..did not fall asleep till broad daylight, - - When I woke, Kenelmn stood. by my bedside with my breakfast upon .a tray. "Is it late ?" I asked, starting up. -:.-: S" Nearlyeleven, love.' Did you ?en]oy the concet, Minni ?"-: -:: ,. i - "The concert-oh yes I!" Then .as I recalled everything, I felt as if he ?iisg find out my. secret by lo1king at' me, ?.n I turned- away yawing. . -,: \- Not quite awake yet, sleepy. one," .he commented. - S-diHo r I was to manage to '0writ~ -in: the daytime, was the problemi: tlat -h '0ipied nme while I dressed. - . When I was ready,'I weit -to Keiielm in his study. "Must yo?-write to-day ?" I asked. , - " i Yes I must. .: Let us= dine at four-I will write till then. -After dinner we will take a walk. ,.o not feel anxious, love \--I am stronger,''. --.i- -:.-::- . . ' Can Ido nothing -for you -his mo6 ing ?" - Nohing, dear." : :..-, :.. ., - e had resumed his pen,' and.?I went away. "We:had an unfurinished, room :in ou horise.- I was soon locked- iinto that. I spread my paper on a boi,' a bo that had gone with us on-our wedding journey, and crouched upon the ?foor to write. A left offjust in time to prepare for dinner \--to smoothe my hair, dip my hot brow in water, anid wash the ink-stains off my fingers. "I wanted you to stich up my, maenu script, Minnie," Kenelm said;. "but as I didn't finidyou in the house, I contrivedto' do it myself. I suppbse you have beenz workihg iini the v garden --tob .hard, ! think; you look flushed." - . "M y .face is rather hot. Now, where shall.we walk this evening ?" I asked, aiid began to talk hurriedly of primroses, ~voilets, blue-bells, and the probability of our finding them in the fields around. *:That : was an exquisite- evening. As we wandered about the lanes and mea doys, Kenelm sometimes leant on me, I sometimes on him; and I said to myself, "So it should be in life why should my husband work always, and I sit idle all my days ?" That was very well; but, alas! as I worked I lost sight of my good motive in the absorbing interest of. my work-for got all my little daily caires for Kenelm while I struggled to achieve a grand good for him. (To be continued.) 