THE REV. FATHER WOOLFREY oiT EDUCATION, PRACTICALLY CON- SIDERED. . A lecture on education waa delivered last ovoninp- iii ' Iho Roman Catholic Soliool, Paddington, The school room was filled by an apprecintivo andienco. The Rev. P. NEWMAN introduced the reverend lec- turer by tho following observations;-Tho nurjeot of education is ono of gn at importance, not only lu tho Catholics of Syd nov ond suhurbe, but lo tho Catholics of New South Wales. I need not remind jon of mv pre- viously expresse 1 ojdnlo, g na to the remits nf tho Piibl'o Sohoola Hill. I told yon that, under the Publia . Sobools Rill, tho Colonial Sccrntary would beenme a Czar; nul tho- administration of tho Pnhlio Bchcoh Bill, up lo Ibis date, I tbiidr, prorrs if. Not only dues tho Colonial Secretary interféra with mopers that coma beforo him ns Colonial Secretary, but ho scruples-not to blend with his i (Hoe another function, Buch ni disolosod in tho correspondonaa publi.heil tn-dny in tho daily panera, in referenco to tho Doman Catholic Orphan School nt Parramatta, I havo read tbnt cor- respondence carefully, and I ïay the Inneunge used is insulting, un'tateaniajilike, and ungentlemanly; n»J beforo ten day» shall havo psa-ed, I ha»o raison to know that it, will bo elenrly prnv.d tn be folso. I Much' cheering.) Biforo ten days »ball liase paned-and P court a full investigation-I have ronsots lo ¿now tint Mr. E. Johnson's étalements will bo shown to bo partial1 \- it appears designedly partial-to serve a pirtlal purpose ; to justify, in a manner, tho asor.mod neces- sity for the regulations issued by the Council of Edu. cation. An investigation, which I Invite, free nnd opon, will no doubt take place, mid it will then ¿a fornd that thia correspondence is partial, unfair, and' in many essential particulars-nntruthful, (Cheers,) With these remarks, bo Introduced The Rov. FATHER WOOLFKEY who waa received on thui-instically, niter the ni plume lind subsided he spoke aa follows ! -It ia not my custom to jrWe formal lec- tures, I would rather spoah my loilimenta ss they occur to me, In this lrolnro I do not desiro to go into tho manner, so much na tho marrow rind reseñes of what education is, n\\-d should bo ; and, ai what I may any to nicht will have referonce to those who take npon them- selves the (unction of prescribing tho mode, a« nell aa to teaohors and parent?, I hop1! my observations may he not onh well pondered, but sink deeply into their minds. I will nsk, in tho first pince Why does man eiist ; «hat is Iiis Inst and T These are questions than which nono can be propo<nd more important to a ra- tional being. His last end ia what alone ought to im- part spirit and loudi- noy to every ant of his free will ; and his intrinsic worth, ns well ns his happiness, depend on hil attaining it. Does he roach in safety the goal of his existence-nil ia won ? Does ho miss it-all is lost for him. and loft for over. In tho fiist place God himself ia the last ond of all crandon. Ho alono ls tho absolute being-tho Alpha aid tho Omega-the begin- ning and ond of nil things. lnte'ligent oreatuns have to give themselves up to Him, hy an art of their own free will; havo to uni o themselvo< to Him in love; nnd In this union aro to find happiness. Secondly Man's lifo on earth is n per od (if ti ia] and preparation; for eternity. On thia earth ho has no pormnncnt dwel- ling pince, bat is as a ttmnger and pilgrim who ling vet lo reach his homo. Ha sons lii-r seed hero, hut yondor shall he reap his harvest (Cheers j "What, then, lioea it avail him if ho gain tho »hole world, but nt the t»m° tim» loso his immortal aoul Î Thirdly-Miin'a Inst ond is a rorfoot and an eternal union willi God, and bis business on earth ia to approach nearer and nearer to God by a ronstnnt obedience to Ilia will, " Fear God, and keep hil com» mandments"-this is all mau. Man has been croited fur tho glory nnd 01 Jojmont of God ; conveiinently, no one bas a right to treat ula follow-m&n; as a mere thing, or to mako uso nf him as a mere meena. Although, thus far, sovereignly indi-p.m lent, he ia not, on this account, intended to mist as a eo'itaty being. In the design of Ibo Creator, the human Teen lorn.s eno |,reat whole, of which each individual is an int* gral part, All mea belong tn ono family, of which God la the com- mon father ; and al] ought lo be members ol one body,, of willoh Jesiia Christ is (höhend. Henea it fo lowe, they onght to puili forward to their emited end- not pepmately, and ooeh individual labumii g exclusively for himself-but, on tho rontmrv, in a body, and as brother.", tho weak aided hy the strong, nnd ibo strong acquiring merit, and thus gaining stieiiuth by as-isting the weak; for, as members tf ono living body, they should he animated hy one sp'rt, the spirit of liol} love. (Applause.) If tho humau moo is to oouetitnto ao orgunio «boin, Ibero must exist a variety of states of lifo Recording to the resprotire occupations of certain classes of individua*» ; and it is the duty ot' each to co-operate more parties lariy towards tho we fire of the »bolo in that state in which Providence has pine d him. It Is ol HO consequence what position a man fills if ho is only wheie tho Father of tho yreat familt dishes him to be, and il he thero turna to good nccouut the talonts with which ho hm been entrusted. If, then, mon ara all childrm of one father-if Gjd himself is their last end-if ptrfcet nnd elornnl union willi Him ba their nltimuto dcBtiny, surely tho great command- ment for them ie, " Thou shalt love the J>rd th. God with thy wholo heart, with thy whole «oui, with thy whole strength, and with thy whola mind." Wore this commandment füllt observed by all, earth might rejoioH in possessing tho beau ideal ot' Itumai-ity. (Much applause.) Refero an artist commences a sub- ject he forma to himself in his own mimi a representa- tion cf tho pieco he intrude to produce. He then examines tba materials upon whioh he has to work. A ienoher, or odusator, should proceed in like manner. He should, (hst of nil, rotnrn tn man aa yet Innocent in Paradise, and form in his mind a olear idea of human, uiture lu ita perfect state. After thia ho thould oxainino it OB it is actually fonnd in tho.world. What a master-piece, then, of the eternal wisdom end lot *. dova not tho idea of man in his perfect state present to tho beholder ! Created after God's own imago ard likeness, man unites in bis belig two worlda, and hereby gives proof to the thinking mind that he is destined in nnri through hlrasoif to cmdtiot the whola creation back to God-its Qrst begiui.ing and l«at and. Ilia hotly, it ls lino, is loi mo J of no nobler material limn dust; but how beatititul an organisation I What symmetry in ila numbul s I Whatdolloney, and.at the samo time what »trongth in ita ramales ! Uuw great fiineas lor i's varied movomonta 1 What digni'y in his upright carriage-iii hla countenance raised to Heavrn t What depth and rlobness of expreBeion in hi« animated eye I (Obeera.) Tho Creator breathed into ibo furm of dust an int>dieotui.l soul. This toni is not only oapabloof contemplating tho pheiomonaof themaierinl world ; but it can also raise iteolf to the hita of tho true, the good,and the loantiful. (Reuowed applause.) Tes, in lbili, his own interior, man peroelvee Gud Him self, and not only then', hut over tho wbrla oreation, his oye dieoovera tracea of tho deity ; and whan bis soul listens, the hnrmonios of a universe- wbloh Ged lulfB -strike without erasing, and without ceasing ulinrm his mental ear. (Applause) Bearing, us ho doea, within himself God'a ittage, it is hla duly to cultivate tho Divine likeness, hy dody and hourly endeavouring to btcomo moro nnd more liko unto Cod. But fir lilia- ne requirea supernatural' grace-for that whkli^ ia human can never elévalo itself to that which is Divine. (Cheera) Dolore man, a finite being,can raise himself abovo uuture, graco must first lower itself in morey to> him. Thu«, the fir t min, while yet. Inno- cent, Blood in need not .only of instruc- tion imparted to him oxtornally by God, but also of inward light, strength, ard sanotilieullon.. After lils fall those, and greater holpa, wrro necessary for him. In order to raise him thon ti what I e ought to bc, the S n of God hud himself to become man. and 'now -nnlted olosely to thia God-man, and walk »jr on wards tu tho light of faith, mau rodiomeil omi justi- fied, becomes himself a vio'.lm of lovo In all things,, and rising from ona Thabor to another is, at las-t, able to any with Ht. Paul, "I livo now; :no, not 1, bnt Christ liveth In mo and I lu Him." Thu Christian need« nona of Plato's flolipnf. Ha beholds the per eonifiid "besu ldo<l" cf h'ninnnlty In Jesus Christ- ine God-man. Beautifully, though lu less brilliant radiance, do the virtuos ol the God-man shiito forth in the lives ol' the Saints, whom Chiistinnlly prorosos for tho imitation and tutiointlon of their tU- tjcoiidaiits in. the faith, lt lo truly nn ennobling spca1 ede for pvor mortal telnga, no mnttor whs*, their condition uf life, to seo I hut others, once OB feeble aa themselves, are' oiroiimainuoed os they aro, hut rained a d at engthe ed by JJisino Grace, have, with a lively faith and, with' filial con(klenco ami lovo, imai ilk-oil tlirmselvea without reservo tu God-man's first a-d olernul lore. (Cheers.). But, alas 1 Adam sluuiil, ni.d hy his am lost the juslioo and holiness with whioh God had adorned liltn^ (uterlorated bu h in soul and body ha had ti listen to» tho son lenco of death pron JUIIOI d nuuinst him I " Thou., nit dust mid unto dust thou shalt rstuiu." His sin, ns its wottil oonstqiieuces, li aro passed down to his do.cendji.ta through the ob.anr.ol il their origin from him Accordingly, ull men are ohilUron ol' wrath euhject to Billah distress, many torrowa, and, finally, death, ilia* are elli! possessed, ll ia tiue, ol' noble faculties j buttha liatuiouj which originally rvigrud aui. ng them lt. no nomo-e. - Tho fla-di lusts against Hi» spirit no Bpiri't agnlnst the flesh. Thors Is ind'ed, even something within man. tho aim of whi,Ol is to him towards heaton, bat opposed to this uro his si willoh drag bim violently downwards, And tb happens, that approving of virtue, ho novorth delivors himself np a oaptive to vice, Kan le himself Is a plant which soon withers and fades u warmed hy tbs sunbeams and refreshed by tho i of heavon. (Muoh npphniEo.) Man's snpnration God has ouised anarchy and disorder ; oven innnii nature tobéis agn'mt man ; or if abo nckunwl herself subservient to his degenerate rao-1, it is wi frown of orintoinpt nnd angor ; that sha dues si, gifts now aro only tbi t'cs and thorns ; Hie nobler auctions mnst bo wrung from hor grasp by dil hard and persevering labour. However well" n c might ho disposed naturally, its lot is truly deplor if it receives not Ibo nssirnnce of a strict moral {ricin tiniuing, and is lefta wey to its own ino' tiens. Jf it ia, the bad quality of the fruit will but Boon betray tho ourruptinn of tho treo. Wo havo sean what man's lust end If, nnd in » state he is at prisant. Tho natural co of the subject dcm inda now the inquiry into win meant by man'« education. To eduoa-o mun is to I him forward, and to raise bim lo that whioli he on to be. Now we have -con above th it, man's last is to become united to God, who ia truth mid charil this world, and tho BO ira J »f lifo uni bliss in tho n Tho powers of the ohild, then, should be judicial awakened and trained In nooirdanoe with thia h destiny ¡ and ibo germs of vico, the-to sad frails of fall bo kept down and gradually destroyed. On fiooonnr, ovo y oxtornal itilluenoi whlob loads oiiln rouse tho yat Intent fnotdtioa, or if awakened to gu them judioiouily, or if in o wrong direction to 1 them bink tu tho right path may bo termed odn atla in tho wi 1er aoneptation of tho wort), in a moro st ncoeptaUott of th.) word, wo mean bv education, t influinoB whioh is intentionally brought to not upon human Tieing n it yot cm* to maturity with a vied his formation; development, nnd Improvement. Cbt q ionfly etluair.ion. dios not consist in (ho creatlor now facilities, but only in tho arousing and training those whioh natura has tivon. (Hear, hoar.) fallen man's whola hoing ia completed, und stibjoct tho law of sin, oduo.ttion, tho end of willoh is to rt him to what he originally was, ondwhat be ought o to hive romaine 1. shonld oxerciio also a heal inflaonoe. To tho teacher or cduoilor might bo dressed tho words of .farominh -" Ho I have set thee Toot up nnd to pull down, and to build anti to plan Again, filtration duos not consist merely in guard; .jont.h against 'ai'iug, and liowover essential thia p . might bo. it forms but ono branch of oducati Youth mu tnnt onlv be guarded against failinim, I they mutt ho modtilcd according t» tho standard pori'eot humanity. Ina word, education dois not o< «¡st in tho Imparting iu'iirmatioii on this or that p tiaular aubjoat ; or in training youth to the obaetvat of eorU'ni rulos or forms in the cxtornol mun. Hut most important duty is lo develop nnd improvo t rnental faoultioa, sci llmt tho young soul miy, it In ?tand eroot in manly etrongth and dignity, ttlilo lo pi Beeuto its own cultivation-n work that .should hst loug as life. The teacher must, th'roTore, ondoiro ht eyory'means, to rosetta he ribing mau from tho p diti'on cn tai lod upon him by Adam's f til, and tn rom him capable or attaining tn his true end in thia wm mid in tho next. As u. citizen of this world, he mi he fitted forth« sphere of action in which TroviJcii intends him to move; and as a oandidnie for tho kin, dom of Heaven with his hopes in etoruity, ho has produce fruits willoh will last forever. God bimst hus placed ai on eirth ns in n preparatory reboot a o placa of probation; and it io Ilia will thal, while t aro here, wo shall nil in our restieotivo callings, oe tribute our best exertions town tis the wolfur.i of t whole. For this purpose lie bas bestowed certain talon opon tts, ot' tl.o < niploymsnt of which Ho will ono tl: deuir.Tirl a s.rtct, neeount. It wo wish then attain to onr lust end, which rcaohen from timo in eternity, wo mu?t, to tho best of our pawer, fini here on earth tho task allotted to ns-" Whit thin, a man ehall sow, thoa* «Iso shall he ro.ip." That po lion of education which has eur.li in view, to bo s ui or worthy of tho name, must bo indissolubly ur,ito I that which uitna ut heaven, 1 liiy both, iieccsaril form tho Christian, before who*o ateps nero a tl Tarions piths nf life "All iliiqniy must stop i month," Hence, if cdu -allon is really intended nttiiln tho one great and true ohjeot of o.idca ian-if is intended to Tarnish the rising generations ns tb succeed on« anni her on o.-irth, with tho mi nns ni nssi.Unco requisito for recuring to them their ctero happiness- it m t*t noocamrily bi Christian. (Ch^en It-must bo thoroughly imbued willi thc spirit of Cbri tinnity breathing lorth tho life «nd soul of Ch rill religion into tho young boincs entrusted to lt ; ar not mandy mentioning it to Ihsm as one among oth institutions worthy of iiotiae (Jul si tho teacher co duets his little ones to Christ, he will necessarily lei them astray. (Applause. ) Nay, if tho spirit i reliuion ii banished lrt>m idnoation.cdncatinn will not i much aa promote inin'iS temporal wolfaro. Withoi religion there is not such a tb'ng ns true lo for one'a coif, or of ono's neighbour; not soo a thing ns n firm anil rn Hiring nt'aelimet to king or o unlry; nor snob a thing ss tnnoero union ot' heart and hand far Hie ndvnnci mont of tho o innion woal. As Cliri-tinnity alni unites mau to Ood, so it alone unites man to mat The .profanation- of eduoatian ; Hie banishment an rtegleot of religion ; tho foolish ntttmpt ta r.iiao an ennoble fut on man, by the Role inittumentality of hi follow man, ls tho greatest bane of modern tm es. Me mny, indeed, ha sont firth into the wo'lil with fir esthetio fo.eling«, and with n fund of tho mist vari infoimjMon i lint they belong trequontlv to tho olai whioh-3t Tnul describes ni filled with nil Iniquit; malice,¡fun ioation, covctiaiiMiess, wlokclnoss, full i envy, dereit, malignity, detractors, hateful to Go contumelious, proud, duoVefient to parents, witha .ffeabion, without fiu'olily, &e.; A modern autht seems -te have forestalled thoia who oainlsmns th n-iohrlstlin education with willoh we are thrratenet IIB Bays,-" In our schools, paganism predominate: Christiatifty has been ititeutiomlly v.itiluue I, n allowed tuiliaapper ihrotigh indilfrreiico or negleot ¡ o elso where it is still rotaiiieJ, it ls treated as n suhjoo of secondary impoitance. Tim nt.mosphero of th eoliool ia wholly that of tho work)." To eduooto i now to mnl>e youth proficient in tho arts, mid to il them for money making. This is what is called rankin, «o.ul oitionu. As if a man oou'd bo n good aUlxr without being at tho samo timen good Ohn-tian ; am BS if Christianity wco not the true bosis and the bul w.irk of Chrimiaii states and their constitution Properly spanking, th» Il-dy Ghost, tho split of divine love, is alono qualified to educate the samo sp rit who moved over .tho water in tho beginning, and who stilt, wherever ho find suitable instruments " workcth all in al .dividing to esory ono aoooiding os hu will, Tita Keotor of the University of I'urls, somo year .sinon, giving inttructions lo tendier«, will give us i gool idea of whit he considered eduoation to he ?"?What then, is a Cb ri lian louoherf Ho is a man ti 'whom Jesus Christ has intrusted n number nf hi ehlldten for whom he bas shod His Mool and mer I Boer Ills life, In whom Ho dwells as in his templn ; whoa lie laves n* members of His body-; ns His brethren ant an-helrs, whom it la ilia wish to exalt to the dignity ol kings und' priests; to reign and serve God with li lal, and'.lirongh him 'turing the who!o course of eternity, And for -whar. purpose baa Ho ontrnated them to th ii toucher f '.Ja it merely that they may become pío s orators, philosophe! 8, or men of solones Î Who wo a ld ventara to fwivnxco such nn opinion, or even to entertain «noa a ihouijitf , Ho has intrusted them lo hun le oid<r thu ho may preseryn, in thoir heiiria theil biptismnl imiooon'ce, and make thuin realty good Christians-,* Tabre ll» tho groat ohjoot and tho last èili! of tire education of ohlldron.- Aught «'Iso runka only as a means for a'.tliniiig1 IV' TIIUH did inbh write on uliioiilion n hundred Jini-B »go, nu ri aa th» sentiments ate Outhollo, wo oannot ahango them, ' We cherish ttl« «iiUA-seiiUment. ''WeWrtro one nnd »ll foredncitlori. 'J'lmt wblrh nukes man, properly speaking, is nduoitloh. This propti -ttion is füttnüeil in tho naturi of the thing il Hi-If. It ls pioTcd by experieno! to bb (ruo holli SB regards nations nud individua s If a child bo nut otlMAtedi if lil' fuaiiltie« JJO not developed, I boy Temoin inactive and become dolcrtorated ; or If it Iw mibjoot to a a.)fitem of ttlnostiin of whioh the principles aro falso, it becomes mentally crippled »nd doformed, - and the evil ls incurable. What, .in fact, can bocomo of a wrotohed creature ii from its oar lest yu: ra it be eatruiigid from its Ged and its.ficitUemer, and bo cast, iieipii si and blind fuliled aniit'st the wild and basnlees dreams of n more worldly existence, jud ua If lt had no higher dsstlny titan trarth, f Then if thu present generation bo led esl ray, what will Iwromo of that which will ruccccd it ? Wu abai) Intro, cccordine lo tho prophet, "Younxmen who haveaeen (tho worldly) light i nd have dwolt upon Ibo earth, int tho way of Itnuwlcdgo tlioy hue not known, nor liare they underatootl tho paths thereof, Jior have tlivir oblldiep received it, lt ll far Iroui finir fiicp," Sucli, ray friend*, Ia tho idea I nm oblige 11 form of tho prosont sys to ni of adtioation, whioh o lat > hsa caused suoh an alarm in every right tSinkin piren t's mind-a system whioh I still hope will moe wiihtha reprobation of these colonies united-as I his already been reprobated hy tho Ohrlsiiw nation ot' the world. (Sfuoli applause) Wo do tiot rej-o learning. Wo with, ns Ohrlstianitv has al «rayo wiahol to opon cut to o.eiy ohild every snurco of light nm learning; out WA wish light and lirao* tn willi ham in hand. The knowledge Imparted hy nun in tniisoi with the knowledge given us by Jesus Christ-wi wish that the (oar of Cod Hhntihl ho the soul nf oui o luoation. " Tbo fear of tho Lord is tho b?gin sing of wisJoiii." " Hutt-r is a little with tin lotir of the Li rd than grunt treasures without content.' " The fear of tho Lord is tho glory of Um rion, of tin honourable, and of the poor." Thia, thou, it is which really forma the cnse.nl¡ul point that constitutes tilt triumph of education. Thu fear of Gad i n upi ron moria min willi respect for bis mortal body ns for tho temple of ills linly Glinst, lt onuses him to loud nu attentive ear to the words nf rovonlod truth, and onriobes bin mind with a, continual (btv of truly .useful knowledge ¡ it makes his breast a«ull with tho finest nnd imstnwble fool/ngs; it ourbs und guides «right tho (wry pis-iins ot' his heart; it temiera him moderato in prosporitv, and in adversity unshaken. And whilo it joins all thc powora of his hoing lu ono beiutootia unity, in ono har- monious whole, it mou ds him inion, perfect citizen for his country-lor this carib und ultimately for heaven. (Cheers.) Wall may au expression of rog-et bo ex- cused, that in modorn. timos, »hon so much' is sahl written, and dono concerning odtioatlon, so tittle attention is paid to this, th J m<ist ossoatial part of it. Well tn ny the wish bo eiousi'l, that attention muy hero ofter be titrnod to it, beforo tho sad oonseijujncoj of its no^leot bo experienced, Jiilucitton- if 1 might u>o tho oxprossioii - withutit religion, without tho fear nf God, ls vuin ; and suoh has boen ever the conviction of the wisest and the best mon. To givo only one ex implo, viz , that of l'oblan, "from bia infancy ho taught him (bis non) ta fonr G d and toabitain from all siü. und wheo his Inst hour waa approaching, ho ga VDU fa lier's best legacy -" Hear, my eon, tho words af my mouth, nnd luy thom as a, fouudutlon on thy heart. All the days of thy life, have God in thy mind, unit takn hoed thou never consent to sin, nor trnnagre.°s tho commandments of thy Lor i our God." Tba reverend lecturer thon applied his observations to present louis Istion. It wiiuld bo a bass thing, ho said, if the Catholics were roturo.1 to ha taught in sohoola the roii gion in which they aro brought up, and according lo the dictates of their own wishes. There were no Citholla parents, nor indeed Chinch -of Kngltnd parents that could oonscnt, if thoy lonpectiro'y believe they waru on tho right way to Heaven, that could sanction their children to bu taught in a school, tho tcaohera of whioh prjfcsscd uuothor religion ; i or did hot haili that any parent, of whatever oroml, who had any robard for himself aud his off .pring heroafier, cooli suffer his ohlld to bo brought up without holnt; taught the prin- cipies of religion. Ko doubt, ho mid, thoy ox. eotod a good deal from him about the clausoH of thu hill, but he had purposely coaliued hitnsottto thu spirit ol' tho bill. Afier exforulng the proposition, that Chris- tianity hhunld be tho cssontinl of any worthy system of education, na diatinot from the merely mental training of ohildran ou the principle of training horses and mulos-for those animals ould ba highly trained -tlie_ reverend gentleman concluded a most eloquent and instructivo leotur» by trusting that what he conceived to be desirable for Catholics might also be extended to ottiors, on whoso suocesa ho wished aa great a blessing. (Much ohoorinf.) Mr. W. C. Guam, ju moving a vote of thanks, inti- mated that a committee bod hoon already organised, and that ero long «. m Hinter publia meeting would be held at willoh tho douses of tho Publia bchuosDill would bu fairly roviuwod and criticised. Mr. J. IMAOAULKT socouded, and tho vote waa aocorded hy ncoliitnation. Tho Hov. Father WODIPBEY acknowledged the oom plimont and Ibo audienci uisporacd. 