SOOIETY IN THE SOUTHERN STATES OF AMERICA. While upon tho subject of the condition of Southern society, says tho New York corres pondent of tho Daily News,' let mo call your attention to n caso of vondctta which has just occurrcu in Tcnucsseo, wineu uas aiwnys nau the reputation of boing more polished and highly civilised than any of tho other slavo States, except, perhaps, Virginia. Probably nothing moro utterly barbarous than this caso could bo discovered in tho annals of Coraican feuds. Tho remarkable feature in it is not, however, that Tenncssoans should bo vougeful and bloodthirsty, but tbat two families should carry ou a kiud of privato war for over twenty years, and tlmt fourteon men should bo slaughtered ou one side or other in aold blood without a conviction of a murder or man slaughter ever taking place. In fact, no judi cial inquiry into any of tho murders except the first one seems ever to havo been made. This is the story as it is told in tho ' Louisville Journal ': — " In tho fall of 1846 a family named John stone removed from tho neighbouring county of Wautuuga, North Carolina, into Curtor County, East Tennessee, and settled down in the ucighbonrhood of another family named Rogers. Johnstono, who appeared to be an energetic iudustrious man, immediately went to work at clearing up a little farm. Iio felled trees, grubbed up undergrowth, burned stumps, and split rails to fenco in tho ground ho reclaimed from tlio wilderness. In this labour ho was assisted by two bods — both wore lads. While tho thrco were engaged in erecting fencing about their patch of laud, Rogers rodo up to where they wore at work ono day and laid claim to a piio of rails, about a dozen in number. This claim Johnstono disputed, and finally, on Rogers applying to him tho opithota nf 11 liar " and " thief." tlio North Carolinian pulled him from his horso, and administered to him. a scvoro chastisement with his fists. Rogers went off vowing vengeance, and in tho course of an hour returned to tbe spot armed with a rifle, the contents of which ho discharged into tho body of Johnstono, produoing fatal consequences. Rogers, who was a man of somo wealth for thoso primitive times, and was possessed of considerable influence among his rough, unlettered neighbours, was acquitted of tho chargo of murder by an oxamining justice. This was tho beginning of tho terrible vendetta that has run through the years that followed, cutting down tho males of the two families in the pride of their strength and manhood. " The two Johnstono lads vowed vengeance upon tho murderer of thoir parent, and ono of them, Thomas, worked night and day with but ono object in view — to accumulate tho means to purchase a rifle. At longtb he bc- catno tlio owner of ono, and one Sabbath morning, with his gun upon his shoulder, ho approached tho house of Rogers. Tho latter was sitting upou his porch, and as ho saw young Johnstone approaching, probably divining bis intention, aroso hastily and started toward tho rack where his own gun was suspended. But the avenger of blood was upon his path, and ere he could reach his weapon ho fell upon tho floor a corpse, his heart pierced by tho bullet of liis foo. Rogers left behind him a young wife and tbreo children, ono of whom was a boy. Among tbo rough backwoodsmen of Garter County young Johnstouo's crimo was looked upon with satisfaction, if not favour, tho Indian law of retaliation being looked upon by them as tho very orcam of justice. Afterwards Johnstone married, and as years passed by bo becamo surrounded by an interesting and numorous progeny. " Tlio boy William Bogors iu tbo moantimo had almost reached manhood's estate, when ono morning, without divulging his intention to his motlior or sisters, ho left tbo house with bis father's rifle upon bis shoulder, as if ho were going out to hunt, and in less than an kour a grief- stricken mother and children were weeping over tlio corpso of a slain hus band and father. Young Rogers, in his turn, bad become an avenger, and Thomas John stone fell beneath his hand. " In timo the moraories of theso thrco mur ders died away, and thoso who wore children then grew up to man and women. William Rogers had taken to himself a wife, and was become tho head of a growing family. Ono morning ho rodo into Eiizabotbtown, and as he did not return that night — a circumstance that had ncrcr occurred beforo — hiB wifo be camo vory uneasy, and in tho morning in duced her brother to start to town iu search of her missing husband. About thrco miles from tho house ho camo upou tho body of his brother-in-law, lying in tho road, stiff and coldjin death. Ilis brain had been pierced by a riflo ball. Although his murderer was never discovered, yet tbo community quietly accepted tho bolicf that Henry Johnstone, a son of Thomas, who was slain by Rogers, was tlio perpetrator of tho deed. Somo years afterwards, in a drunken moment, in Eliza- bethtown, this young man acknowledged ho had slain Rogers, and gave as his reason that the lattor had killed his father. Johnstono was a young man, and only a few raontliB be fore tbo murdor bad been married to n y.ouDg girl in tbe neighbourhood. " Again tho chart of timo was unrolled, and nt least ten years bad bcon added to tbe past, when a young lad, a son of tho murdered Rogers, engaged in altercation in tho yard of tho court houso at Eiizabotbtown with John stone, who was tlion a middle-aged man, and inflicted such wounds npon him with a knife that ho died on tho following morning. Thus it went on for years, now n Johnstono falling by tho hands of a Rogers, and then a Rogers falling beneath tho avenging hand of a Johnstone, until tho war intervened, and for a time at least, tho torriblo feud appeared to havo ended. The cessation of hostilities brought tho survivors of tho warring families hack to Carter County. These survivors consisted of Randall Rogers and Robert JohnBtono, both battle-scarred voterans, and both unmarried men. On tbo evening of tlie 5th instant theso two men mot iu a grocery at Elizabcthtowu, and soon becamo engaged in an altercation. Bystanders interfered, and for an hour or two a collision was averted. Thoy were separated by friends, and taken off in opposite directions. This ocourred about noon. About 3 o'clock, as Rogors was going up tho street he saw John- stono coming down. As they iieared each other they drew their revolvers, aud com menced siinultnncodsly firing upon each other, continuing to advance ns tlioy fired, finally, and when about four feet distant from John stone, Rogcra sank to tho pavement, and as ho lay the last not of bis life was to firo tlio last chargo in his pistol into tlio abdomen of John stono, whoso last bullet, fired at the s.mio in stant, penetrated his antagonist's braiu, causing instant death. Johnstone reeled, and fell across tho body of his foo, and when bystanders rushed to where thoy lay, he, too, hod passed boyond all reach of mortal aid. Almost at tlie same instant of time their two blood guilty souls lmd gono to join tlio gory ghosts of their, ancestors. Thus ended a feud that lias existed for twenty years, in tbe course of which four teen men have died violent deaths." In Texas, tho Stato judges and juries seem to havo combined together for a 6ort of legal war on tho United States authorities. Aai officer aud two mon who entered a housoVf pursuit of tho murderer of two negroes were a few weeks ago indicted for burglary, hut tlio murdorer was at onco acquitted. Tho last exploit of tho Stato judiciary has been an at tempt to arrest General Heintzolman who is in command of the district, for refusing to givo up two men whom ho holds under tbo Frecd- mau's Bureau Bill for offences against negroes. It ought to be remarked that to pass into tho „ custody of a Toxan sheriff is too often only a roundabout way of being delivered to n mob. Throughout tho interior of tho State a man whoso offence !b in any way peculiarly obnoxi ous to " the citizens " has a very small chanoo of a trial. Judgo Lynch sits upon him in tho street, tmd the mob executes him, tbo sheriff and tho local bar often assisting in tho tragedy. Everybody who knows anything of tho con dition of tho South acknowledge!) that, if tho military woro withdrawn, and Mr. Jolmson's theory of tbo status of the Southern States were rigidly noted upon, thero would ho neither in fact nor iu form any protection whatever for negroes or Unionists. And yot to oon- tinuo military government in timo of peace is practically to sot aside the Federal constitu tion. Tho dilemma in which all men who lovo justico as woll as liberty find themselves placed is a" very embarrassing one. Tbo most iiueiy roaa out ot it is, I think, to bo found in tho theory which somo lawyers of distinc tion have already begun to broaoli, that treason is any resistance to tho laws on a great scalo by wholo communities, and that treason exist ing, Congress has tho powor to establish special modes of punishing offences againBt tho Go- vornmont. I do not say that this construc tion is not a strained ono, or that the adop tion of any such theory would not essentially alter tho oharaotor of tho Federal Government; but whon a government finds itself compelled to ohoose botween tho permission of a bar barous anaroby ovor half its territory, or tho assertion of its authority undor somo form of law, strained constructions aro apt to ho made to do a good deal of servico. 