NOTES AND NEWS. MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.— It was fully antici- pated that the town would have been enlivened on Tuesday last in consequence of the brisk polling that was expected to take place. For several days previous the merits of the various candidates were freely canvassed and odds offered as to who would not be elected. Shortly before nine o'clock, several ratepayers assembled in the vicinity of the old School of Arts, and every preparation was made for carrying out a lively election ; but just previous to the proceedings commencing, Mr. Hallinan retired from the contest, and Messrs. Twine and Koch were declared duly elected. The four members who at present comprise the Muni- cipal Council of Dalby immediately met to elect the Mayor for the ensuing year, when the votes were, for — Mr. Twine ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 2 Mr. O'Keeffe ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 Mr. Koch ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 Mr. Twine was, therefore, declared elected Mayor, and after that gentleman had briefly returned thanks for the honor done him, the council adjourned. Two candidates were nomi- nated on Saturday last for the seat vacated by Mr. Holmes, namely Mr. Lewis Phillips and Mr. Denis Byrne. The polling is to take place this day ; but from what we can hear it is not impro- bable that Mr. Phillips will walk over, Mr. Byrne having expressed his intention to retire. On Tuesday next, candidates will be nominated for the seat rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr. Phillips. We hear of four or five candidates as likely to be brought forward. It is highly satis- factory to find that a healthy interest is now being taken in municipal matters ; an interest that bids fair to continue, and to result in the advance- ment of the township generally. The only fea- ture about the election we regret is that none of the gentlemen who occupied seats in the council years ago have come forward. The candidates for the offices are comparatively recent arrivals in this town, many of whom, although good men, are to a certain extent less experienced in muni- cipal matters than some of the older residents. POSTAL ARRANGMENTS.— Another change has taken place in the up- country mails. The coaches from Roma and Condamine now arrive in Dalby at 6 p.m. on Tuesdays and Saturdays, instead of Mondays and Thursdays, as formerly. This change has been effected since the commencement of the present month, and it is probably on this account that we have not received our Roma letter this week. Every credit is due to Messrs. Cobb and Co. for the regularity with which the mails are delivered, and we are glad that they have suc- ceeded in making arrangements for the carriage of passengers and mails from Dalby to Condamine as well as to Roma. This line has been handed over to them during the week, and we trust their enterprise will meet with the support it deserves. Should the Postmaster General contemplate making other alternatives in postal matters, we would draw his attention to the lines to Gayndah and Goondiwindi. If he would change the day of departure from Friday to Sunday or Monday, it would be a public convenience. These are the only two lines in this district that have not yet had any alterations made in them since he came into office. A challenge was received yesterday by electric telegraph from the cricketers of Roma to play an eleven of Dalby. The Romans offered to come down on condition that the Dalby team would afterwards visit Roma to play the return match. A friendly contact of this nature would greatly conduce to introducing the inhabitants of the two towns to each other under favourable auspices, and would result in mutual advantage in more ways than one ; but, unfortunately, Roma is the only place in Queensland where money may be said to be plentiful. The distance from one town to the other is about two hundred miles, and although we are assured that the arrangements of the agents of Messrs. Cobb and Co. are of the most perfect description, we doubt if the spirited challenge of the Romans will be accepted. However, the matter is to be laid before a committee in Dalby, but should they for the present decide to decline the friendly contest, we hope that they will carefully pre- serve the challenge in order that, when better times do come round (as come they surely will), it can be again referred to. In the meantime, we ought to thank the enterprising people of Roma for reminding us that Dalby is the only impor- tant town in the colony that does not possess a cricket club. The navvies continued to receive rations until Thursday last, when it was intimated to them that the supply would be discontinued. Since then no further applications have been made for relief. It was stated yesterday that the men have been paid a portion of the money due to them, and that the remainder will be handed over in a few days. ACCIDENT. — An accident of a serious nature occurred on Wednesday, the 6th instant, to a young man named Richard Boag, at Burncluith Station. It appears he was engaged falling a tree, but, by some mishap, was unable to get out of the way in time, when the tree fell on him, rendering him insensible. Medical aid was at once sent for, and in the meantime every atten- tion was shown him by Messrs. Rowe and Threlkeld, of Burncluith. Dr. Howlin saw him on the following day, and found that he had sus- tained a bad compound fracture of the leg— both bones being broken— and the larger one driven two inches through the skin. He had also a severe scalp wound, and several of his teeth were broken. We understand some hopes are enter- tained of his recovery. We beg to draw the attention of our readers to the important clearing out sale, which commences to day, at the stores of Limmer, Rees, and Robin- son. The articles comprise a large assortment of drapery, grocery, and ironmongery, which an advertisement in our first page announces will be offered at greatly reduced prices. INQUEST. — The Police Magistrate held an in- quiry, on Saturday last at Cooranga, into the cause of the death of a man named William Macdonald. The deceased was recently em- ployed as a shepherd on Warra Warra station, and on Thursday last arrived at a shepherd's hut at Cooranga, looking for work. There he re- mained all night. On the following morning he complained of sickness, and attributed the cause to having bathed in a water- hole on the previous day and drinking bad water. He started for Jimbour on Friday morn- ing but was very sick, vomiting frequently, and ultimately laid down exhausted. A shepherd named Douglas, in whose company deceased left Cooranga on Friday morning, on returning home at night with his sheep found him lying on the plain exhausted, nearly undressed, and very much burnt about the loins through exposure to the sun. Douglas arranged the man's attire, and re- ported the circumstance to the overseer. Assis- tance was procured and the man's temples were bathed in cold water, he appearing to be delirious. He was then placed on a horse and taken to a bullock dray, to be conveyed to Jimbour. The poor fellow died shortly after being transferred to the dray. The general impression appears to be that deceased's death was caused by sunstroke. He leaves a wife and two young children. William Rose and Madeline Smith, the latter a notorious character in Brisbane, were charged, before Judge Sheppard, on the 7th instant, with robbing a man named Joseph Noonan of a £10 note. Early in December, Noonan, a stock- man from the Warrego, went to Brisbane and got on the spree. He met Miss Smith at an oyster- saloon in Edward-street, and " shouted." He accompanied her home in a cab, where he gave her a £10-note to send for a bottle of wine. As neither the wine nor the money appeared, Noonan and Smith, accompanied by prisoner Rose, again entered the cab to " look for the man who had got the money," when they were driven down beyond Breakfast Creek, where Noonan, who hesi- tated to pay the cab fare, was thrashed by Rose, until he consented to do so. Having only a £10- note in his possession, he tendered that for the cab fare, previously stipulating that he should receive £9 change. Rose took the £10, gave Noonan a piece of paper, immediately jumped into the cab, and drove off. The piece of paper turned out to be a £1-note, with which Noonan returned to Brisbane, had both prisoners appre- hended, and they were ultimately committed for trial. The prisoner Rose, was found guilty, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labor. Madeline Smith was acquitted. The Hon. Arthur Macalister, who has been on a visit to the Southern colonies, returned to Bris- bane on Monday morning last. The Queensland Times says : — Various conjectures are afloat as to the cause of the hon. gentleman's return, the prevalent impression being that the Acting Colonial Secretary, Mr. Bell, required his presence. Whether the Government have received secret intimation of an intended rising of the Fenians, or are terrified at the freaks of the Ghost of Ban Ban, we cannot say. All we know is that the premier is at the helm once more, and that we may, therefore all join in singing " Fly hence each idle fear"—unless indeed the chief has arrived on the scene to call in question the doings of his sturdy vassal, the Minister for Works, in which case, we think, he would have done better to remain where he was. Possibly, however, these guesses may be idle, and the real cause of our friend's return may have been a telegraphic man- date from the King of Toowoomba. INSOLVENCIES.— The following cases of insol- have been adjudicated upon during the past week :— In the insolvent " estate of Abraham Cornwell, on the 8th instant, a second sitting, debts were proven by Charles Douglas Eastaughffe, for £19 10s. preferent claim, and £2 5s. concur- rent; the official liquidator of the Bank of Queensland, £?9 5s. 8d ; John Sidney, £43 7s. 11d ; Alfred Hodge, £20; J. W. Moses, £1 2s. The sitting closed. On the 11th a third public sitting was held. Insolvent was present. Debts were proved by Abraham Cornwell, sen., £553 8s. 1d.; T. Bourke, £24 12s. 7½d. ; A. A. Gaskarth, £8 18s. The Official Assignee's report showed, assets, £144 13s. 9d.; debts £902 9s. 9d. The accountant's report showed that no account book had been kept. The certificate was suspended for 12 months. — Courier . [The Guardian says for six months.] In the estate of Ross and Gordon.— Third sitting. Insolvents were present. A debt was proved as follows:— Thomas Bourke, £31 10s. Several claims were rejected for informality, as follows :—James Bedford, Maxwell, and J. H. Baxter. The Official Assignee read his report, from which it appeared that no assets had been realised, and that liabilities had been proved to the amount of £366 3s. 6d. He further stated that certain creditors who held a bill of sale over the pro- perty of insolvents, had taken possession of the books, and he had been unable to get them. His Honour stated that the Official Assignee was entitled to all the books of account in every insolvent estate, and that if they were detained by persons who came in under a bill of sale, he would, if proper application were made, issue a writ of attachment against those persons. He thought it was desirable that the Official Assignee should exercise more alertness in these matters. Insolvents applied for their certificates, which were granted. ST. GEORGE.—A correspondent to the Guardian, under date January 24th, says:—A farewell has been given to Mr. Charters our late Police Magistrate, at the Royal Alexandra Hotel (Mr. Hyland's). Mr. Charters left for Brisbane next day.—The continued drought has caused persons who have badly-watered country to make some provisions for saving surface water, by damming creeks or clearing out natural water holes that had become partly filled up. Well- making has also been attended with a very fair share of success, water good and plentiful having been obtained at depths varying from fifteen feet to sixty, and from seven to twenty-five miles back from the river. A good fall of rain would now be a great boon to all parties down here, many stations not having sent away any fat cattle for the last eighteen months. The private mail, running between this place and Mitchell Downs, has ceased since the 1st of January. A short mail is run from the latter post-office and Hillsboro Station, on the Maranoa ; residents between that and St. George have to get their mail the best way they can. We had a very heavy thunderstorm this afternoon, but though the lightning was very vivid and the thunder heavy, no rain worth mentioning fell. The weather ap- pears again likely to clear off. On Thursday afternoon Mr. R. Kellett sold a large quantity of real property, in the estate of the late Thomas de Lacey Moffatt, in pursuance of a decree of the Supreme Court. The land was situated in various localities. In the suburbs of Drayton, Ipswich, and Warrill Creek, near Kan- garoo Point, at Warwick, Toowoomba, Dalby, Goondiwindi, and Bowen ; also, in the parish of Chuwar. In all there were 728 acres, the whole of which was bought in by Messrs. Bell and Sons at the reserve price, which was the valuation of assessors employed by the Court. — Courier. The bushranger Scott, one of Clarke's gang, has been found dead in the bush near Jingera, with his skull fractured. It is supposed that he rode against a tree during the time that he was chased by the police. 