MELBOURNE. I (FfiOlt OUR OWN CORRESPON DENT.) I __ Thursday/March 28. J. lie departure of Mr Jjachlnn Macldnrion, on a visit to Europe was marked, to-day, by a^eonsiderable demonstration of good-will. ^When it is considered that mail morning is ftef-T^'biiiest^of tlic whole month le mercantile community it is a strong proof of the estimation in which a man is held to find some sixty or seventy of the leading'men of business in the city coming together spontaneously to do him honour, on the eve of his departure, and many who could not meet him at Scott's Hotel, afterwards accompanied him to the Boyal Mail Steamer to say their last adieus. The dejeuner, at Scott*s was a very agree able affair. Sitting room could not be found for the whole of the guests. ". The oldest inhabitant," Sir Fawkner, was in the chair, and Mr Ireland, in the vice chair. After the toasts of the Queen and. the Governor, Mr Fawkner feelingly proposed Jlr Mackinnon's health with a prosperous voyage and a speedy return.. . .He remarked -that' ^Mr iMfickinn'on'h'ad'been 24 years in the colony, and one of our first representatives in Sydney before separation, and had always used his influence and exer tions! in .the ? promotion \ o£ constitutional government and all the material interests of the colony. The toast was, drank with great enthusiasm, enhanced by the manner in which a well, known citizen and; knight ? of the hammer, led off. the musical accom paniment.* '"Mr11 Mackihnon. .made a brief j .but very judicious and feeling- reply j after yhicn CaptamM'Mahon proposed the health of Mrs 31'Kinnon, and took the opportunity pf,, mating .some further: eulogistic re "Mr Mackinnon's. public career. After,tlfTespondiiig ','to ' this ; toast, Mr ."Maclonnpn proposed;:the health- of the venerable chairman, .-which ' was duly acknowledged, and the party then escorted Mr Mackihnon to Sandridge. The decks of the Geelong were crowded with the friends of the departing colonists, and as this finest of the P. and O. fleet weighed anchor pre cisely at, two o'clock,'-the Ssteamtug and. bdats.quiteaKttle fleet, drew off with their numerous visitors, who gave a series of hearty cheers for their friends on board. The special case, the Queen v Dennis Murphy; [convicted-and sentenced to death" for-the. murder. of^O'Meara, - at Bullarook, was before "the Supreme Court; to-day, but the argument was postponed till Tuesday next, when it will be .decided whether the rerdictican'd' consequently the sentence, will stand.'!!i': : 1,7r .: ' The injunction against the Cosmopolitan Gold Mining Company, Daylesford,- applied for by .the Astley "United Company, was £o-diiy granted by Mr . Justice Molesworth, who considered it' came:'within-the princ iples laid down in Broadbent v Marshall, inasmuch as the plaintiff's ground was likely to be injured, . A deputation from Beaufort was intro-. duced to-day to the Minister of Mines to ask for,Government aid to carry put a system .of-water supply for that place. A sum of wESOOO was asked for--.£3000 to purchase existing rights, and the balance to carry out the proposed scheme of supply^ A number of statistics were submitted, show ing that the proposed scheme must be reproductive and remunerative. TUV .McGregor ^promised that a survey should be made, and a report drawn up by the En gineex-in-Chief of Water Supply. The Dean of Melbourne, accompanied by some other gentlemen interested in the Church of England institutions to-day, waited upon the hon Minister of Lands in reference to the land set apart for Church purposes at Eltham, which was being mis managed; in this case Mr Grant advised them to get trustees appointed, whose duty .it would be to protect the property. Appli cations were also made for church sites at Doncaster and Bairnsdale respectively. Both the sites applied for : were .considered too large, and the applicants were advised to reduce the area applied for, and' again make application; . ' The much injured letter li was a- few evenings since again, the subject of some fun in the"ouse." 1 Mr Cope in denouncing the opposition said,' " I say they-Aare," - great laughter following. Mr Dyte rose in defence and complained that" the interrup tion was ;*.' Aunfair," and-:that " the hon. member's grey ares should have protected him," &c-;:-i '? ? -- An arrangement has -been made for a meeting of those interested in the exten sion of the railways to the eastward was to have been held to-day at Menzies' Hotel: Messrs Hanna, M.L.A., and M'Keima; only however had Entered an appearance up to 2'o'clock, apparently through some misun "derstanding. I understood that the pro posal is to carry the line out from about midway .^between: "Woodend .and' Kyneton toward "appoint' about midway between Kilmore and M'lvor, touching Seymour and Longwood, and skirting; the new . diggings at or near Tea, about 21 miles from Sey mour. Another, new paper; is to be started at Pleasant Creek, Stawell. The first issue is announced for Saturday. ' The''venue 'question' in. the Daylesford arson case has assumed important propor tions, , involving. as it does to some extent the right' 6f the subject fujcl the'pawera of the Attorney-General as,'the representative of the home institution of the Grand Jury to some extent. .To-day tho case was again argued in the Supreme Court, Messrs Mart ley and Aspinall supporting the rule calling upon tho Attorney-General to show "cause why the trial of Patterson, Hartley,; and Carringham should not take place at Castle maine - or- Sandhurst. - " Mr C. A. Sniytli showed cause, relying upon the affidavits of Thomas "Walker, detective officer, which showed that a fair trial could riot be had in_ Castlemaine. His Honor the Qljief Justice referred to tho, caqo oj Xang," where the offenco oeetirred at Ballarat, and in spite of every preventive measure used the venue was changed to Melbourne. The Su preme Court, ho observed, had juris diction throughout Victoria, and the Circuit Court jurisdiction could not oust that of the Supreme Court. Mr Martley argued that a man ought to be tried locally, so as to have the benefit of his character, whereas in this the venue was to be changed^ upon the statement of Thon^as Walker that the prisoners were of such unimpeachable character in their own locality that the crown would not have a ghost of a chance of a conviction there, and that therefore it would be better to take them down to Melbourne, whero perhaps some of the jury might b.o shareholders in insuianoe companies, and might be biassed by fear of fnture civil actions. Mr Martley argued that the cirouit courts being courts of reoord for tho purpose of trying crime oocurring in the district, and surely his clients should not be punished for happen ing to have a reputation in the district, and to be deemed respectable " because he had some brothers who had been made J.P.'s of by the present Minister of Justice, or some other, and were respectable in spite of that." If, he 'said, the court could be persuaded by affidavits, ojc other wise, that Castlemaine 'was perjured and urifaithful to a man, surely that would' not apply to Sandhurst, The change of venue w*s virtually taking away the right of ofctllengo, aa no one would know from their personal knowledge what were the biasses of the jurymen called. Be side there was the injustice of making the prisoners bring down their seventeen wit nesses and keeping them here at a great expense. The court, after retirement for deliberation, refused to make the rule ab solute to change the venue, so the trial will, therefore, take place at next Criminal sittings .pf i the Supj$p^ Court in Mel bourne on 15th April. ! A" very daring robbery was perpetrated yesterday afternoon at tho Sandridge Baths. Mr Drury, a gentleman residing at Kew, (formerly of Ballarat) left his clothes in one. of the dressing rooms while bathing,' and on coming up lio found himself I minus a very valuable _;old watch, and appendages. .An'alarm was given, and in the next bos or dressing-room to the one in which the robhery took place a new hat, apparently but recently purchased from Sir Walworth, of Bourkerstreet, .was found. A person was also noticed by the station-master to take liis seat in the trainbeingbare-lieadedatthetiine -for Melbourne, and with x this clue it is thought that the propertyjnay be recovered as from .the precipitation and want of caution in. thus drawing observation ; to liimself he is evidently but a ncopliyte at larceny. Had he gone into the box on the other side, of .that occupied by MriDrury the thief miglit have got a much, larger and easier "negotiated booty in about £250 in notes and cash, which a gentleman .very, incautiously left in his clothes \ while bathing.; " \ "'T 