PUNCH IN PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY. 16th JULY. 1867. Mr. Punch and the Speaker both took their seats at twenty - nine minutes past 3. Mr. W. H. Suttor swore at the table, and rolled himself on to the opposition benches. . Mr. Tighe asked the Attorney - General whether the Government intend to propose any what's-his-name during the present what-d'ye- call it to authorise the something - or - other of the what-is-it to some body or other of the so on and so forth. Mr. Martin said it would be all the same a hundred years hence. Mr. Garrett asked whether the Government had any intention of tying Port Jackson and Port Jervis together with telegraphic wires. Mr. Byrnes said "Not to-night" — the Government had too many schemes on hand already. Messrs. J. Stewart and Macpherson each asked Parkes a conundrum, which he answered with his usual dexterity in getting out of puzzles. Dr. Lang asked leave to bring in a bill for the construction of Triangular Parliaments ; and Mr. Buchanan moved for the imme diate return of everybody who had been hanged during the last five years. As this would involve considerable trouble, and the result be scarcely desirable, it was pooh-poohed by a large majority. Mr. Samuel then rose and proposed an immediate adjournment of the House, in order to afford him an opportunity of saying several things or two. Ever since these brains of his had seven years' pith, and he could distinguish between the debit and credit side of an account, he had been led to believe that borrowed money was a loan, and he was not alone in believing that a loan was equivalent to the two ends and the middle of a debt to the same amount ; and that if anybody borrowed money to enable him to pay a debt, it was only robbing Peter to pay Paul, and consequently, what was paid under such circumstances was still owing. He hoped he had made himself intelligible. If he hadn't, it was everybody else's fault, and his misfortune. He had been a treasurer himself, and that fact ought to cover any amount of financial muddle. The long and the short of it was An Hon. Member : " Never mind the long— stick to the short." Mr. Samuel was afraid he should stick altogether if he met with such obscene — he should say unseemly interruptions. It was ruled that the hon. member was out of order. He imme diately rushed out in search of the nearest physician. Mr. Samuel continued : According to a statement in the Governor's speech, the revenue showed a surplus of £623,000 but according to Cocker there was really a deficiency of £62,741 0s! 0d. This was a discrepancy— a trifling one he would admit— but still it was one, and though accidents will happen in the best regulated ministerial families, he felt it his duty to call the attention of the House to his facts and figures. He had no wish to wound the feelings of the old humbug— he meant able statesman— at the head of the Treasury,— but then the able humbug— he meant old states man—shouldn't go for to swear that black was white. When he (Mr. Samuel) was Treasurer, everybody laughed at him. Why ? Because he was such a funny dog, and his financials were regarded as a capital joke. W ere the same conditions true of Mr. Eagar's case ? No ! An actual deficiency, in place of a hypothetical surplus, was no joke.''' It grieved him to the quick to speak disrespectfully of Mr. Eagar— personally, he would greatly prefer kissing him for his mother— but as a man and a Wellington, he had a duty to perform, and there fore, though not loving Geff. the less, but loving something else, he wasn't quite sure what, which, or whom — barring himself— the more, he must say that a more abominable, brutal, conceited domineering, effeminate, foolish, good-for-nothing, hateful, imbecile' jabbering, know-nothing, low, mean, narrow-minded, obtuse, paltry' quarrelsome, ridiculous, stupid, truculent, unpleasant, venomous weak, 'xtravagant, yelling zany never existed than the gentleman in question. His cash-box was empty, his name of no account, and it was time he was cAec/t-mated. Sic tyrannis, and if Mr. Martin had anything to say, or wished to tread on the tail of his (Mr. Samuel's) coat, now was the time to say or do either or neither. Toodle- oodle-um ! Mr. Martin said that what he said he said again in reference to said accounts. He maintained his statement was in every way beautifully consistent with said accounts, because said statement and said accounts were very much like each other as regards con fusion, 'specially said accounts. For further particulars apply to Mr. Eagar. Mr. Eagar said Mr. Samuel's action was, to say the least of it, "not convenient." The hon. gentleman was evidently deficiently grounded in the primary principles of finance, or he would never have asked a "heaven- born Treasurer" to give any "account" of his actions or anything else. To be sure, as his (Mr. Samuel's) experience of office only extended to about six weeks, during which he was up to his neck in vulgar fractions, some allowance should be made for him, but not an allowance of £1200 a-year, though he did try it on, and found it didn't fit. He supposed Mr. Samuel thought he was doing a very smart thing in making this charge; but was it kind ? If substantiated, it would brand the Government with the greatest amount of odium, and anybody who would do that would be unworthy to have a seat at the Presidential Board of the Society for the Suppression of Cruelty to Animals. He passed a very agreeable hour with Eliza Cook the other night on the Surry Hills, and he would like to know the wretch who would dare to chide him for loving that old arm-chair. Mr. Samuel didn't see what Eliza Cook had got to do with the matter, unless indeed she had been instrumental in "cooking" the finances. Mr. Eagar said : Bad taste ! bad taste ! Heaven bless Captain Cook and the vessels that bring out the beer. May his statue never be longer, and — have you seen the ghost ! Mr. Samuel. No, but I should like to seethe Auditor- General, and so would Jack too, wouldn't you, Jack i Mr. Robertson. " I believe you, my boy !" Nothing came of nothing, and the motion lapsed. Mr. Neale then rose on his legs, and like the ghost of Hamlet's father, " did address himself to motion like as he would speak," and amidst breathless silence proceeded to do so. Mr. Punch feels him self quite unable to do anything like justice to the wondrous torrent of empassioned eloquence that poured from the inspired lips of this hitherto anything but loquacious senator, and which fairly won for him the distinguished title of the greatest " pump orator" that ever spouted platitudes into the Speaker's ears. Nobody could accuse him of making a dry speech, the tendency of his remarks all bearing upon "water, water, everywhere, and not a drop to drink. " He said that water was equaliy useful for " squenching" thirst, and promoting cleanliness ; that Mr. George Thornton said George's (not Thornton's) river ought to be dammed. (Dignam was excessively shocked at this expression, turned up his eyes like a dying duck, and retired to the refreshment room to compose himself on ginger beer.) Mr. Neale concluded his eloquent speech by trusting that the Govern ment would take care in future that the rainfall in summer would be more frequent than heretofore. Dr. Lang said cold water and dams together made a very pleasant beverage during the winter months, if abundantly diluted with real " mountain dew at least so he was credibly informed. Mr. Dignam said " that's so ! which a little lemon is an improve ment." Mr. Wilson said no honorable member could doubt the position water occupied in his brain. He had given the subject the most careful attention ; in fact, he and Mr. B. Stewart had been up to their necks in it for a long time. But Mr. Neale's proposition would involve enormous expense, and as the Government ought not to be expected to pay for anything, it was obviously the duty of the Cor poration to devise means for such an extensive system of liquidation. He was sorry to throw cold water on anything, but on this occasion he must wash his hands of the entire affair. If the water supply was deficient in Sydney, why didn't they follow the example of the public-spirited inhabitants of Windsor ? There was no complaint of the scarcity of the pure element there, but, on the contrary, every thing — including children and chickens — went off swimmingly. Any how it was premature, and much as he was charmed with Mr. Neale's gushing eloquence, he believed there was nothing so conducive to progress as making haste slowly, especially in going out of office. Mr. Lucas said there was quite enough water to last any reason able community for five or six years, provided they husbanded their resources by mixing it with nothing stronger than brandy. He was afraid, however, that the rapid increase of sugar manufactories would lead to an increased demand for the boiling-hot article. He proposed a select committee of choice spirits be appointed to discuss this potent and patent question — that he be appointed chairman and toast-master — and that they should not go home till morning when daylight doth appear. Mr. Garrett said he didn't believe in a select committee — what was sauce for the goose was sauce for the gander, and they ought all to have a go-in at it. A subject of this kind required the attention of scientific and experienced men. Water was not so easily swallowed as some people might imagine. Mr. Oatley said difference of opinion need not alter friendship. He thought nobody was so reliable an authority on a question con cerning swamps, bogs, and mud as a Neale, and really he had wriggled through them in a riglar first-rate style. Mr. II. Stewart said this was a damp, grave, and uncomfortable subject, and a perfect mud-hole — that is, mud- die. Busby's bore was a very great one, certainly ; but not half such a bore as the whole subject was to him. His advice was to drop it. Mr. Sutherland Said " Hay, good Bobert, I prithee say not so. Several gentlemen are anxious to pour forth whole floods of oratory ere the question be decided. Let us rather adjourn for a fortnight, and pore over the best way of arriving at a conclusion. " Mr. Hart hart-ily seconded the idea, and the motion for adjourn ment was carried. Mr. Forster then had the sublime audacity to move for leave to bring in a bill to enforce claims against the present Government, and profited by the absence of mind which seized hold of everybody at such a thunder-clap, to carry his object ; and the House adjourned at half -past 6. 