ball To the sultan at the india ! house. j (Frt/m tfte Tims, July 20 ) \- Yesterday evening, his Imperial Majesty the Sultan, with bia chief Ministers anil the most distinguished members of his suite, was entertained at the new india Offices with a splendour aud magnificence which quite threw into the shade all similar entertainments in London for many yean past. It is very little more man a tortmgm; ago mat cue iaea was first mooted of giving a State ball to his. Turkish Majesty, and for a time there 'was much doubt as to where it should be held ; for, unfortunately, there are - very few rooms in Loaded which can really accommodate the visitors to a State ball ? On a truly regal scale. .At/first the suite of State rooms in St. James' Palace — rooms which in' space aud loftiness are superior to almost any to be -found in Buckingham Palace —were thought of, but at the same time a happy idea suggested itself— to roof over tem porarily the- inner court-yard of the new India Office, and so convert it into a ball-room for the night. A more ^fortunate or appropriate suggestion was -never made. The idea, which j was, carried into such admirable effect, was that .of. roofing OVer temporarily the whole of this interior conrt-yard, and converting it Into a ball-room. The plan was admirable, and jvas ] admirably carried out. It involved, of course, j an irialmense amount of work, so. great, indeed, that 'no one believed it could be done within' the time', forlittle more than ten days' notice jwas given. During1 that time, however, owing to _s the -exertioas.; of Mr. Digby Wyatt and Mr. ?Grace, 'thiscourt-yardwas converted into one of the grandest ball-rooms that has ever been . seen in London. That at Buckingham Palace -^vrfpt^l hea^ literally , no comparison with it, ^i^ejrf^'r ^^cliitectural beauty oretyle of decor i^ti^ri. j A tpmporary floor was laid, and planed «tx^ polishe,d to. the smoothness and equality of :tL J)illiard-table. What may be called the ' uteres tory or double-arched galleries above the ?basement was draped in and hung between1 the 'polished Garble columns with . curtains of ' crimean Teilvet, embroidered with gold, while -tfrombfcneaththe centres of the arches them -selves defended' gilt .baskets filled with large masses of creeping flowers. Prom the upper '-tier'of all/ alternate standards of blue and red 'were hung^Hthe blue bearing- the monogram of ier Majesty; the red the cypher and crescent ~«f Abd- ul Aziz. The roof itself was outwardly -a kind of ^waterproof marquee, but from within 'theball-T00mi only a flat ceiling, beautifully '-decorated- iu ? blue and red - aud gold, could be ^en. Froai this temporary roof about twenty exquisite chandeliers were hung, lit at the ^apper part with gas, amid clusters of cut-glass * ' 1 prisms, /While at this -end they terminated in magnificfeut lustres billed with wax lights jand feEtobriect most tastefully with pink artificial -flowers. tofiy'cTOdelabra'Bimilarly adorned, -but more . massive in height and proportion, lined each side of the room, ;and, -placed in front of ^ . ' immentjg mirrors, their brilliancy was doubled. -On the western side of a quadrangle an elabor ately design^ balcony had been erected for the -band, andjon the north -end was . a raised dais xoveied With a scarlet carpet, iand chairs of I' M State which might ^lmost be called thrones, f \i These vvereyof cpui«e,*eaervedf6r his Imperial ^ Majasty ^fad the tnoSt llfttsTrroua 'of the guests ? * irtU®fflSK6bipanied him. One of the most / charming and one of the most suitable features of the decorations was the display of flowers, ferns, andTare exotic shrubs. Every nook and corner sntronndiog the Staircases, every lauding, and every gallery was ^perfect bower £ of plantsahd flowers.' Sometimes they were arranged in bright parterres round little plashy ? fountains, .and wdven in their bright colors, into such beautiful patterns as one .would only , expect to see iu textile fabrics. Soihe hadj the Saltan's colors, some those 'of her ^Majesty ; -others were grouped in picturesque 'disarray, resembling, more the patterns of a kaleidoscope than any jh'ere collection of flowed ng plants. , 'All the stairwaysand broad landings were' u. mned«ad ;Glied with great clusters of exotics, ?py msj-teeeferns,- plaintains, and rare creepers ibesvy with-Woom. The lauding oh the left of the yisitora* entrance was turned into a' little . Arcadia lThe deep recess between the polished marble -columns was filled- 'with rookviork, shrouded with a featheiy growth of ferns and 'creepers, and do arc over all came a bright; sparkling ^cascade of water, tbe effect of 'Which was wonderfully strikingand picturesque, as it -ran in sparkling streams from rock to rock, ^disappearing atllast no one knew whither. ^These' preparations were itnade all along the '--corridors which gave admission to the general ^-visitors -by ihe DoWning-street andCharles : street entrances. Those 'made specially for the ^nore illustrious guests hy the park entrance 'Were, though quite different, if possible i still «i0re striking. : An ample covered way of scarlet cloth Was erected leading do-vn tb the park, wide andlofty as the aisle of a &mall; cathedral. This was most brilliantly tit! and . adftiirably .xiraped. while at either side of the -enclosure Sudjust before entering the.-main bullding. Were ibuUtup feome of this moat picture&jtie; trpjphies of arms we have e ver seen. There were stars of bayonets, of muskets, of \- sabres, and of ramrods, some of which stars 'were tit immense size, and all of surpassing brilliapcy,J a,8 the gas stars in their centres made the steel glisten with every flicker of their light. . 'One of the most beautiful of all wasthat which immediately faced, his Majesty ?on arriving. It was a huge crescent and star, -done in sabre blades and sabre scabbards; and the brilliancy and periecteess of this great trophy surpassed sell the others.- A special room, was ^.set apart ,-for tbe reception of^he illtaftnous visitors. This overlooked the Park, «nd wasso draped and 'fitted with mirrors and Riding as to make a most elegant little saloon. It'B ^loriel^however, were as nothing compared with' thoW tf the xfeairiber specially set apart: for the tjifltpn^a reception and tbe Sultan's . supper. -jPhiswas the.India Gouncil Room, one ?of the most beautifully decorated of all the fine apartments in the .new, ; offices. Except its superbly carved, mantjiepiece. in itself a perfect monument and work of art, very^little was i seen of its other decorations yesterday evening All parts of ijts wails were covered with rich - draperies gracefully festooned, and all the - treasures of Windsor and Buckingham Palace had been ransacked to lend additional splendour to its .adornment. . -.At the supper end, under which his Imperial Majesty was to sit at supper, . was a trophy of massive golden plate. There were shields;»nd cups, and salvers as large as any shield. the rareit and most antique speci mens of workmanship- of their kind, one or two being from 'the hand of that great .master Benvenuto Celini, and Others dating aft Tar back for their origin as the days of Queen Elizabeth. Mixed with 'these, so as to form a back-ground to their brilliaucy, were the time-honored regi mental standards of many regiments, all covered with glorious' n^mes of 'victories achieved, some dim aud dUsty-looking in their faded glories, aud others mere , tatters of discolored silk banging to the poles. Conspicuous at the base of this great trophy of aristic wealth and historic honors was a huge tiger's head and shoulders, about four times the natural siz«, in. gold. It ' was beautifully chased so as to resemble thb markings -of -the bea-ifs skin, aud the wide — ^ mn\ uy.nn yi htq ffoa mon»t.fir were filled with leeth of rock crystal. This was a tropty from the treasnre-honse of Tippo Snltat In artistic worth this -regal trophy was in comparable, though io actual money value the ?r tLe gulden plate which covered the Sultan's supper table would have been a ransom for £ ?kiog. All that the Royal jialac'es could spat? of their most costly table decorations for State occasions were displayed last night. There were gold epergnes, gold flower vases, gold centre pieces, gold ice-pails, gold knives and forks, gold sftUa, and bouquet-holders. Every thing on the table was of gold, and though all were of similar patterns, some pieces were of an antiquity that dated from a time when the Sultans were, if not the first, at least the most dreaded Power in Europe, and when every Sovereign, save that of England, sued for their friendship, and trembled at their wrath. Some idea of the value and extent of the plate thus placed at the service of the Imperial guest and those who accompanied him may be judged from the fact that there were no less than nine dozen soup plates and eighteen dozen supper plates allotted for the use of the Imperial party. ' Doubtless, the Grand Turk has learnt some useful lessons in England, and, though he cannot speak a word in either French or English, it is known that his subjects, both Turks and Christians, will profit not a little from his intercourse with the leaders of European Governments. Even during the short space of his visit a change has been marked. In Paris, on the great day of the distribution of awards at the Exposition^ Vniverselle, the Snltan, just arrived at the* Tuileries, was impressive and melancholy in appearance. There was no expression of pleasure and none of. wonder. He sat for three hojirs next to the charming Empress of the French, and did not speak a word, even through the Ambassador, who discoursed familiarly with all around, and everyone voted him an overfed and selfish barbarian; but last night, at the London Guildhall, the same man was full of smiles and bowed to every body, not failing to return in the quietest civility the demonstrations of interest on the part of the ladies. Boiling Down Houses. — Mr. Price of Buttai, near Maitland (says the Mercury), has been occasionally boiling down horses at his ?establishment and we were rather curious to know what could he got by the process, from most of the lean- looking horses composing the ' mobs' sent into town. We learn that Mr. Price has really been boiling them. down, partly horses bought by him cheaply at the sale yards, aid partly the culls 6ent him by horse-breeders. And if they are not too lean, the plan pays, by preparing carefully the skins and all the parts the animal, for. different commercial purposes. One of our large horse breeders, Mr. Hall, of Dartbrook, has tried the experiment on a fair scale, by culling out two or three hundred of of the: fattest horses from mobs driven into the stockyards, and sending them to Mr. Price to boil down. The result is, Mr. Price says, a much better -return' than they would 'have yielded if sold»at the sale yards as live horses bat he did not name.the exact return p&r; head, lit appeared' that, the prepared skins, and the oil yielded by the carcase (which is valued in Europe for lubricating machinery), form material portions of the products, as the animals are seldom fat enough to yield much actual tallow per hor$e. If the practice continues, however, and is -found profitable to breeders and boilers alike, we presume we shall in good time have the auctioneers announcing, sales of ' Fat horses/' as well as ' Fat cattle' and *'Fat sheep.' The ToMAHiwR and the Pbince of Wales. — The following paragraph is taken fromthe Some News': — ''Til Follow Thee I' is the designation of a cartoon in a late number of the Tomahawk. It represents the Prince of Wales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George IV., to whom the Prince. is saying, 'I'll follow Thee!' The in ference's obvious, and the publication of such a picture is surely a sign of the limes ; for tbe Tomahawk {a^ya^the Flaneun in the Star) is by -no means * a low- Radical paper.' It is another sign of the times, which will probably have been noticed* by those whose inclination or whose ddty prompts their attendance at public dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of ethusiasm, is now received with comparative coldnrss, tbe mention of the name of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sympathy and personal attachment. — Qui vivra verra Bbe&ch; of Pbivileqe in the House op Lobds.— We extract from the Pall Mall Gazette the following amusing ' breach of privelege' case brought before the House of Lords on the 25th Of July': — 'The Marquis of Westmeath has a friend, a ' leading Orangeman,' who freqtients the strangers' gallery of the House of Lords, '-vhich is immediately above the gallery in which thB reporters sit. On the occasion of the second reading of the bill for the repeal of the Declaration against Transu Instantiation, Lord Westmeath bad given noticeof aqaestioD, and was about to speak, when his leading Orange friend, whose name is Harper, being in the gallery, overheard one reporter say toanotber, M see that d— d old idiot, the Marquis of Westmeath, has a long notice on the books for this evening, but I'll take care not to give a word of what he says.' Subsequently, the same individual observed in a loud voice, evidently intended for the occupants of the reporters' gallery, ' What a pity it is that there is no one to send this confounded old idiot to a lunatic asylum.' These remarks Mr. Harper reported to Lord Westmeath, and his lordship last night, brought them under the notice of the House of Lords as constituting a breach of privilege. But their lordships received the aggrieved nobleman's complaint with ' roars of laughter,' and after ventilating his anger at considerable length he was at last induced to sit down and allow the House to proceed to more serious bnsiness.' 