Consecration of Dr IjanignnCntho lie Bishop of Goulburit. (From the Empires Correspondent.) ? Goulburn, June 10th, 1867. The solemn pomp, the myatio meanings, and thu graceful accessories which belong to the great cere monials of tho Roman Catholic I hurch, have a ttrange and irresistible attraction which few, even 'of those who own her not, have ever attempted to deny. She who is seated on the Sovon Hills, whether we call her the spouse of Christ or the Traviata of the Tiber, lias in all ages shown a knowledge of the human heart, and a power of stiiring it to its contro, which -have pinde hert ffinen rnnk amongBt the most touching and impressive spectacles erar presented'To'-tbo ^oyo of man. Under the pointed arches, and amid the soth glittering sanctuaries and beneath the swelling domes of proud Basilicas ; amongst the cold and calculating children of northern wilds as well as in tho gay and cheerful life of southern cities, the pootry of her ritual has won admiration from even her sternest opponents ; and the voice of tho scoffer has been bushed into reverenoe before the majesty . of a worship offered with such dignity to God, It is not strange, then, if, when one of the most gorgeous of. her rites — no less a one than ; tho consecration of a biBhop— was about to be celebrated in this conntry. where snoh a sight may not be witnessed, perhaps, within a generation, wo should have found the city which was destined to be its theatre invader), as Goulburn has boen for the last few days. Some came, perhaps, to gratify a mere fe ling of ouriosity ; others.no doubt, added to this a desire to be edified j and the .majority joined most certainly to both these motives an anxi ous wish to offer the homage of their reipept and veneration to Dr. Lanigan, thu holy man on whom the penitude of the priesthood was yesterday psuicd forth. Hundreds they wore, and some of the best and foremost men in the colony were amongst them. Of tho«e present I need only mention the names of Mr Jnstice Faucett, Mr Hart, MLA.| Dr. M'Donagh, D. O'Dunovan, Esq ; J. Donovan,', J.P.; J N. Dono van, LL.D. ; J. J Moore, Esq. ; J. Mnllins, Esq ; District Court Judgo Ellis, W. Templeton, Esq.; Dr O'Connor, — Poclo, Esq,; J. Hannie, Esq.) and J, Dolory, Esq.; to show that the liberal professions and tbe commercial community have been duly and honorably represented. Amongst the clergy, tho prinoipal personages were tbe Right Rev, Dr. Quins, Bishop of Brisbane, who acted as consecrating prolate ; the Bishops of Batharst and Maitland, who were assistants ; tbo Right Rev. S. A. Shochy, V.G., co- adjutor Bishop elect of Sydney; tbo Very Right Rev., Father E'Alroy, V.G., of Goalburn ; Tbo Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe. Dr. Forrest, the very Rer. Dean Han'oy; the Rev. Pere Jolie, Villa Maria, the Rev. Fathers Dwyor, White, M'QniuH, O'Brien. Ford, Reardon, Garavel. Newman, O'Donovan, O'Neill, Luokie, I.affan, and Dr Cani. Brisbane, When tbey were all assembled in tbe cathedral it may be averred that no Australian church ever held a more distinguished congregation. Admission was obtained exclusively by tickets ; but, even notwith standing this arrangemoiit and tbe additional accom modation afforded by a temporary gallery erected for the occaSMon.the building was crswded to' excess. For nearly an hour before the ceremony commenced tbe places wore being ' fillod, and by half-paBt 10 o'clock there was scarcely a single unoccupied spot in the entire church. - At a quarter before 11 tho pro cession poured forth, and a few minutea afterwards magnificent indeed was tha spectacle which! the eanatuary displayed.. Four bishops -:- in ? the gold and purple of their exalted officers shone refulg ent amongst the white-robed train- by whom , they were surrounded : thermitre flashed amid the .'black birettas, an'd'the crosier and the oruoifix addod.Iqatro ?poke and sparkled as the Urim and Tbuminin/did of old ; and when Sowars and incense and music lent their dharms, it was a sight before whioh the coldest hearer could hot fail to thrill with a holy emo tion. ' ' An altar was prepared for the Bishop oleof, con taining, besides acrucific, candlesticks, missal and. pontifical, two small loaves, and two minature casks of wine, to signify that the now prolate should be hospitable te all. The assistant bishops wore rochets, surplioos, amices, stoles, copes and white mitres. The injunction of his Holiness having boen read by tbe Rev Dr. Foriost, the oloot made a profession of faith, and waB sworn to be obedient to the Holy Soe, after whioh, his solemn examination commonced, aB com manded by tho Fathers of tbe Ohurcb, and recom monded by tho Apostle, who says— ' Bo not haoty in consecrating a man.' ThoFathers teach that he who is chosoii for the rank of a bishop, must be most diligently examined ' with all Christian tenderness/* concerning tho Trinity, and interrogated upon the difforont titles and morals befitting episcopal govern ment. With this view, a number ot questions wero put, of which the following will serve as a specimen. ' Wilt thou,', said the conseurating Bi«hop, ' both by word and by example, teaoh tho flock for which thou art to be ordained; in that which thou under standest .from the Holy Scripture?'' And tho Bishop, elect, rising, and lifting his ' birotta, an swered 'Volo' 'I, Will.' Again he was asked, ' Wilt thou lcvereutly entertain, teach and keep the traditions of thu orthodox fathers, and tho authorita tive enaetmonts of the ApOBtotio chair &c-f;' And again he answered ' I will.' ' Wilt thou4 uniformly render to Peter, the blamed apostle, to whom was given by_ God_ tho pnwor of binding and loosening, and to his vioar, Pius IX,- and to his fuccossors, | boing liishops of Rome, faith subjection and obe dience, asi tho canons enjoy ?' ? I will*' ' Wilt thou, with God's as.istnnce, prcsorvc chastity and sobriety, and teach them ? '? I will.' Wilt thou for ever moro oontinuo a bondsman in tho affairs of God, and estranged from iho employments of earth nnd from base lucrc, an far as human infirmity will perm t ?'* ' I will.' ' Wilt thou, for tho sako of the Lord's namo, bo kind of acccss and pitiful to the poor, to tho stranger, ar.d to all that ore in neod ?l ! I will.' The interrogatories being over, ' All those,' said tho oonnecrating Biseop, 'and ail other graces may the Lord confer on the, and m*»y Ho guard and Diiuuj£iijuii hiud in aiigooancBB, The pontifiual mass was then proceeded with until j tho gradual when Br Lanigan placed himself pros trato on his face whilo tho litany of the saints was boing rooited by the assembled clergy. Tho book of the Gospels was then put upon his nock and shoulders The bishops touchod his head, and tho oonsecrator prayed that ho might receive the Holy Ghost, and that the 1 Lord would pnnr forth on him His mighty vork in benediction.' This was followed by the preface and thu hymn *' Voni Creator,' whL-h being ondod, the elect wns anointed with tho saorameotal chrism, and some of the insignia or his exalted offico vere blessod. Tho mass having beon tasumed, the ? onicorator and consecrated partook of tho samo chalice. The mitre wos then blessed and placed on the head of the new bishop, to be worn as a helmet of dvf.-nceand salvation, 'Mo tho end that having his f- rhead decorated and bis head safely guarded by the power of both Testaments, he may appoar terriblo to the c-nemieB of tho trnth, and by tbe grace God will l eitow may provo a valiant champion against them.' After this he^vras enthroned, and tho great Ambrosian hymn of prflipo, and thanks resounded through tho church. The ceremony, which larUd throe- hours, was brought to a fitting conclusion by the procession ?f the new Bishop passing through tho jeople, scat tering his first episcopal bcnei'ictious amongst them. Tho ssrmon, on tho occasion, was proitcbed by tho Vo-y Rev. Dr. M'Alrey, V.G., who cho^o for his text the 12th and 18th vorses of tho 6th Chapter of St Luke t ' And it carno to pass in those days that Ho wont out into a mountain to pray j and Ho passed the whole night in tho prayer of God. And when day was come, He callad unto Him his disciples, and he choso twelve of tnem, whom *ho also named his Apostlei,' Ho commenced by describing tho pnr poso for which they had assembled, and which was of a twofold nature i first to celobrato with unusual ceremony the Great Feast of Pentecost, thanking God for having c -nsumn-i-ied on that day the work of tlis life on oarth ; and secondly, to proclaim solemnly and publicly tho choice which the Pope had made of » ruler for the diocese of Goulburn, and to add ono mora bishop to the long chain which has como down unbroken to us throngh more than eighteen hundred yean. Ho then dwelt upon the nature and institution of the episcopal offiee, saying that Bishops were the teachers of the Church— tho successors of those men to whom Christ said, ''Going, therefore, teach yo all nations, baptizing them in tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost.' A glorious aeauny mis, sam lie, to De co operator with Christ in transferring tho faith of bis Charoh, and a sublime dignity is his who rules that Ghuroh which has fought against tha power of the Caisars— against heresy and false philosophy, and has triumphed over tbemalL In proportion, h wever, as the dignity is exalted, the difficulties are numeronB, and the quali fications must be high. To know what qualifications are required for the episcopacy, wo must ask our selves wh.it wero those possessed by the Apostles? They wero certainly not those ot birth and worldly edacation. which, thongb they have been frequently possessed by Catholic bishops, aro by no moans essential for tbe dischargo of their duties. Yon, my lord (addressing tho new bishop), have to contend with the sophisms of men ofscieBce, and tlio railleiy of the Bonder, to be a pattern to your flock, to bo uncompromising in your firmness and to wage a spirit ual warfare against prido and the powers of hell But God, who by his meicy has raised you to this position oan give you strength to porfdrm them all. Dr M'Alrey then gave an interesting account of Dr Lanigan's pntt career, in whioh he stated that he knew him for a quarter of a century, their- acquaint ance having commenced in the College of Maynooth, that alma mater which has sent forth so many lights and pillarB of God's Church throughost tho world. There, nuder the instruction of such masters as Dr Renrhan, and tho late distinguished Archbishop i f Armagh, he was prepared for the high places which be.thio day occjipiod.- A blameless life,. '..unostenta- tious piety, and puno'ua.ity in the dUohargaof till his uui.- g.mu uun .n, won ii r unu mo esteem oi nis pro feasors, and the lovo of his fellow studonts. From this seat oflosrning ho went forth to labor In his nativo diooese of Cashel, whore for eleven years he gained the reipect of tbe priest', and of the Archbishop, and the warm attachment of the peoplo amongst whom be toiled. When the wants of the Church in Australia wero brought under bis notice by the Vonr.rable Arch deacon M'Encroe, who was then iu Ireland, ho at once formed the design to give up kith and kindred, and devote himself for ever to this diBtant mission. After a touching allusion to theabsenco of our revered and illustrious Archbishop, tho eloquent preaohor conclu ded hiB discourse by a prayer that God in blB mercy would pour down his choicest graces upon him whom He had placed that day as a watchman on tbe walls of the Church, This eloquent sermon, of whioh we have given but a mere ontline, occupied three-quarters of an bonr in its delivory, and waslistoned to with breathless at tention by the large and distinguished audience. Tub new Diqqihos at Modoeb — These diggings, which for tbe last few days bavo caused some excite mont in the town and district, ate situated at a place called Twomile Flat, about seven miles from (Junta wang, on the Wellington Rosd, and about twenty four miles from Mudgce. The diggings are on an ex tensive flat, and tho main workings at present are about half a mile from the main road. The present workings aro on Crown Land, but Mr George Rouse owns a considerable poition of land in the immediate vicinity, This, of course, will not be available unless ?orao arrangement is made with the proprietor Those at present on tbe field are mainly resident in the neighborhood, and probably amount ts from eighty to a hundred. The sinking is from fifteen to thirty feet, through a rubble occasionally mixed with veins of pipeclay and water- worn quartz stones, by no means of a difficult character. Tho dopth of wash dirt can hardly be estimated as yet. as it is doubtful whether any claim has been thoroughly bottomed. So satisfactory do present prospects appear, that the miners are dovoting their energies to tho erection of huts, and for the present are not actively engaged working thoir claims, it. is probable that a month will elapse before the worth of these diggings is tho roughly ascertained* There is bo lack of water, as the river is within night of tho workings, Provisions aro plentiful, and may be obtained on the spot at a trifle over Mudgee prices. Tho gold obtained is of a fine, scaly charaoter, not particularly bright in color, and jndged to be worth about £3 14s. per ounce. Of the aotual quantity of gold obtained, it is very difficalt to speak, as diggers are usually very reticent upon tho subject. Instances are reportod of ono pennyweight having been washed out to the dish ; but probably this is an isolated case, and from tho general appearance of tbe workings, no claim has been aotually tested. Twenty-six feet is at present the doopest shaft that has been sunk, and the party are engaged in driving thiough tbe drift. ThedifB cutties of washing are above the averago of many gold-fields we hove visitod, owing to tho amount of black sand. Somo idea may be formed of the pros Ducts of the fiold from this short renort. hntoa tn giving any idea, to be thoroughly relied upon, of the future is at present utterly impossible, until the workings are much fui ther advanced. The country, however, on all aidos of the flat, shows auriferous features, and it is to be hoped that this little spurt to our mining intoreBt miy lend to tbo conntry being thoroughly tested. We have mode arrangements for a regular supply of credible information from tho field, whico we shall, at evory available opportunity put bofore our readers : but at the same time it must ho distinctly nnderstoad that we offer no advice upon tho matter to any intending digger. lathe normal condition of the field, it would bo foolishness to offer any decided opinion upon its merits,— Western Post, Juno 41, Six Ounces to tub Tun at Moao.— 1 This rather startling announcement was made on Saturday, in Moruya, and on inquiry wo find it to bo nothing hut tho truth. Throe diggers named respectively Combo, Tranter, nnd Clork wero the lucky men. Tlio man who was washing thotubful, containing four buckets of dirt, could scarcoly boliovc his eyes when ho saw the cold. Ho says it took all the ' wind out of him.' The locality of tho claim atMogo is in a small gully loading from M'Lood's Gully to Little Cubbagotree Gully. Tho gold was very coarse. . Wo have chro nicled sevoral good finds at Mogo since tho rain set iu, but none equal to the abovo. Tho sinking whero tho gold was got is flftoeo fo«t. — ' Moruya Exami ner. 