NEWS BY THE MAIL. We may fairly assume that the ghos: of the old Tory party of England is effec tually laid, and Mr. Disraeli deserves some crcdit for seeing that it only has existed in name for some time past. Reformers are standing aghast at the Democratic tendencies displayed by the Conserva tives, It is true that to some of the old high and dry Tory party some of the Chancellor's doings nave seemed to be devised by Old Nick himself. But the tide of events has swept all of them ruthlessly before it. The compouud householder has been thrown overboard, where the dual vote went long since. Such a modification will take place in the English method of voting, that no liberal would havo dared to hope for, much less propose. No one wastes a thought as to what the House of Lords will either think or say upon the sub- j ject. It was said to exist to check hasty legislation, and now it has been thrust on one side as a thing of nought. The Conservative leaders saw that they must propose a Reform Bill if they would remain in office, and it became their policy to outbid their opponents. But Mr. Gladstone is very sore on the sub ject. £He has got more than he dare have asked for, but he has not got it in his own way. The name of his dexterous rival will go down to history as the author of the Reform Bill, and not that of Mr. Gladstone. It certainly is hard to have one's cake stolen out of his mouth in that fashion It is such a novelty for an English minister to be flattered and complimented by the continental press on the wisdom with {which he has directed the foreign policy of the country, that the mention made of Lord Stanley by La France is exciting quito an agreeable surprise. But when the matter comes to be looked into tho genuineness of the landation is open to doubt. The inference to be drawn from the approval of the French journalists is that the decision arrived at by the London conference is favorable to Franco and a check to Prussia. The real explanation . of the Luxemburg j question would seem to be, that the] King of Holland thought a reversionary j interest of the property of but little j value and was therefore inclined to realize upon it. He imagine! that Prussia would cat him up just when she had a 1 mind for the meal. Why she has not ; before done so, it is very 'difficult to un- j dersta!id. There are now reasonable grounds for hoping that peace may be preserved on tho continent for a lime. It is against the interest of either France or Prussia to go to war. The French Emperor must see that his frontier can not be extended to the Rhine without some hard fighting. He is likejy at all times to bo confronted with an army equal, or superior in numbers to his own. But France, Russia, and Prussia, are all busily arming.- And in the meantime the Austrian empire will be stronger and moro united than it was over imagined it could be. Hungary is as loyal to Francis Joseph, as any part of his dominions. | 