THE METROPOLIS. May 11., The country has been saved, and my reputation as a political vatcs is redeemed. Ayers is the Man of the People, and Tommy Reynolds»sits now at the receipt of Custom. Her Majesty's government has undergone a transformation more complete than was ever dreamt of in the Pythagorean philosophy. Boucaut is once more a plain J.P. a weL-briefed barrister—but not a Q.C.— that last emanation of the ..Colonial Peerage he has declined, with thanks. Mr Duffield is off to Gawler again, of course, and may be thankful that he has escaped the ordeal of a third financial speech. I really don't think that the House—great as are its soporific powers—could have survived another. Mr Duffield expounded the mysteries of a flourishing revenue with the visage of a Jeremiah ; how he would have looked in endeavouring to account for defects such as there»are sure to be this year, I leave the new phrenologist, Dr Carr, to say. And where is the sturdy Milne ? Back to the Grampian Hills, I suppose, where his poor relations have gone a squatting. Alas! for poor English! How is he to adapt himself again to private life, to learn to forego the Ministerial whitebait and his official lay of " Nothing?" But 'the sublime Arthur is most deserving of a fond regret. His official hat—with " The Hon. A. B., Chief Secretary," in the lining—-has gone to the Old Clothesman. His diplomatic swagger in the street h^s subsided into the lounging gait of a giant Werther. The season of honeyed words and Solomonic staves is over. Vinegar and plain physiognomy commanded the marke^. When a Government falls it is a bad job for the Government itself, but I don't think it ever does serious harm to the country or to anybody else. People at home sneer at our Ten Days Ministries and the instability of all colonial politics, but there is generally a reason for the stupidest of things. There is something in the climate, perhaps, that gives uncertainty to all our social contracts. We are accustomed to wake of a morning and hear of a revolution in the Government buildings, but are we not also accustomed to go home of a evening and hear that Bridget, the servant of all work, has given her mispress warning on the spot ? Talk of Ten Da^'s Ministries—they are a small evil to cure compared with the difficulty of getting housemaids to remain longer than three weeks in one situation. The hymeneal contract itself is not safe for a year in this atrocious climate. Go to the Town Hall and place yourself in dramatic attitude, midway between the doors d^the-Police and-the Insolvency urtsrlf you enter one you find fellows being punished for running away j from their creditors, and if you retreat to the other quarter, you meet almost nothing but fellows charged with bolting from the wires of their buzzuins. Its a miserable colony, sure enough—socially, politically, commercially, geologically. It is in the nature of things here to be short lived ; the very days are shorter than they ought to be, and the tallow dips are no better. Then why make a to- do about short lived ministries ? The more the merrier and the younger a government is the less there can be for Parliament to say against it, which is a great matter when the Session, .extends into the Dog Days. A PorteaU Cabinet like the Cases is a better model for us, I should think, than the Downing- street nfusty clothespress, which is never aired more than once in two years. However, taking the recent change as an. accomplished fact, what are likely .to be its consequences. The first that occurs to me is the immense advantage of Parliament having to meet a Ministry which is not' responsible for all the vagaries that Jack-inoffice has committed during recess. Suppose the Blyth Government had remained in until the session opened, what a dreary six months' history there woukj. have been for Senators to review, and stick pins into here and there at every loose joint they discovered. Imagine Tommy Reynolds coming down to the House in an Irish car, with a Bill of Indictment five miles long, beginning with Tom English's last joke arid ending with the Moonta case. Imagine Strangways following with a parody on the Chief Secretary's report of the four diplomatic visits to Melbourne, all of which ended in cold mutton and colonial champagne at Mount Gambier—fhe climax of a great strategical operation. Think how the farmers' friends would have badgered poor Tom in the Upper House about " the reduction of railway charges on wheat" and the conveyance of farmers free between Adelaide and Freeling. Then remember that the Hon. John Baker is on his legs agai$, and chockfull as ever of, forensic eloquence on the Boothby question. On the whole I think Providence meant kindly by the Biyth Ministry when it allowed them to commit suicide. It may have saved them from hanging without benefit of clergy, unless Mr Tomkinson had assumed the white choker for the nonce. The Ayers Ministry has begun very quietly, and one virtue at least it may be expected to show—that of prudence. Being all unconnected with the recent complications, which bogged their predecessors, they can take time to feel their way, and then, if need be, veer round to the opposite side of the compass. Tbe Northern Territory is the only point where the shoe is in danger of pinching them—Ayers especially; but there have beenso many phases of that sublime muddle, that people forget now who were the originators of it. So much the luckier for Mr Ayers. The new Ministry may be expected, when once fairly afloat, to hoist the Conservative flag. Their chief is an administrator—not a reformer. The only Radical blood will be - ; Grlyde and Reynolds. The former is understood to bear a very " root and branch" policy with regard to the Crown lands, but frightened* as the public have been at the results of the present sj stem, I question if they are prepared to go the . whole hog with Mr Glyde. As the session, advances, and the Boothby scandal gets disposed of, he may at least obtain a hearing, but he ,will find it an insuperable obstacle to reform that the present system is so deeply rooted, not only in the prejudices but in the earliest traditions of the * colonists. Then the land question is so mixed up with others,—such as immigration, roads, and public works generally, that to move a single stone is to pull down the entire febric. It would not surprise me if the protection movement, which is just giving up the ghost, wer6 to re-appear, phoenix '' like, in an agitation for a liberal land bill. And such an agitation would be no child's play, because there is room for it. Everybody who knows anything of fiscal policy at all is in favor of leaving, the Custom House as it is in the meantime; but no one will stand up in defence of the land auctions. Mr Reynolds has every reason to anticipate a quiet session, because his presence in the Treasury is a standing hint to the protectionists to shut up; while the noise of the protectionists outside wall deter him from manipulating the tariff any further in tbe direction of Free Trade. He will have to show his ability by preserving the status quo- Mr Grlyde, on the other hand, may have to prove his by foreshadowing innovation and revolution. 