F AIE Y TALES FOR TH K RISING OESE RATION. (Frtim iht Tomahawk.) THE STOUT OF COTDEBGLLI. WE owe no apology to our readers for the publication of the following fairy story. The fact is, the tales taught in the nursery in our youth are now sadly out of daté, not to say immoral, and wc are quite sure tbat Belgravian mothers generally will certainly bless us, and possibly (not probably) even carry their gratitude to the extent of asking us to an occasional " Kettle-drum " (of the third class), in recognition of our ser- vices in attempting to introduce among their children a healthier tone of , morality titan, alas! at present rules supreme. Without further preface we rush in medias res. There was once a poor girl called Cinderella, who was most cruelly treated by her. stepmother. Instead of being ' allowed tn lie a-bed till eleven o'elock ia tho morning, and to read French novels, like her more fortunate sisters, she wa« forced to make her own dresses, and compelled to arrange her own back-hair. She was never allowed the use of a rouge pot, and was sent to Church on Sundays, not to improve her tasto in bonnets, but simply to listen to the prosy sermons of the clergyman ! In fact, never was there such a case of maternal tyranny. SIIB was actually once asked to make a pudding ; and be canso she refused to comply with the barbárous request, was deprived of her " Sunday Zoo " for more than a fort- night. Now it must be thought from what we have written that Cinderella wont to tho " Zoo " on Sundays to look at tho beasts ; on the contrary, BVIO waa . a very good girl indeed, and knew nearly half the fourth commandment by heart (she had learned it in German), and consequently only visited the Gardens for tho purpose of examining tho dresses nf 'her acquaintances riüd talking scandal. Now it happened one evening that »ho was staying nt home -alone. Her cruel stepmother had gone out with tho rest of the family, leaving poor Cinderella to make soma clothes for a number of wretched beggars who lived in an infirmary hard by. This indign ty I so wounded th t dear, child's amour propre, that she burst into tears and . wept bitterly. *' What aro you crying for, my darling?" asked a soft voice by her B'idq. Cinderella raised her eyes, and saw standing before her her fairy godmother. Now, although tho lady in question was not quite a person to bo civil to (the fairy's husband had once been something in tallow), poor Cinderella felt io Buch low spirits mat s ie at once poured out ail tile sorrows ol' her heart. " Bohoo !" she cried, " I am so miserable. Here I have been left td make up these clothes for somedisagree ä i'e mendicants. [Cinde ella made usa of fine words not only before company, but at all times.] They are not at a' fancy fair where, I might flirt, but are going to a lot of ugly old people. It's" cruel-Why; they, won't even put my name in the Times os having made them. Bohoo! Bohoo ! AVhy waB I ever born ?" . " Jty dear child," said the fairy, " your sentiments do you honour, and to provo how much I hold Jour noble character in esteem, I will do you a service. Your mother and. sisters havo gone to tho ball at the Palace. You shall follow th i'm in a most magnificent costume "-Cinderella clapped her hands and jumpod fdr joy-" on one condition. You will meet al the ball a prince whom you may marry within three weeks of the present date. On the dav of your wedding you must pay me £2000." . " You mean £1000," observed Cinderella, with a smile. " Don't lot us quarrel about details, my dear," replied her godmother; let us say £1500, and have done with it." " Far too much ; but I have no heart to-night for bargaining. You have a bill stamp?" and within five minutes tho matter was settled. Tho fairy poured some liquid over the head of her goddaughter, and Cinderella's raven tresses changed to a fiery carrot colour. She waved her wand, and the ghost of a needle-woman appeared carry- ing a hall-dress. She waved her wand a second time, and a fat Jewess started from the ground and daubed Cinderella's face with enamel, Indian ink, and rouge. A. few seconds later, and tho young girl was as beautiful as paint could make' her. " Not quite décolletée enough," ssid the fairy critically, touching Cinderella with her wand ; " there, that will do. Now, my dear, yon arc ready to start. Here, wait ouo moment. If you stay _<v_<._I... -<-l_I. ?_ I. _.*_ after twelve o clock has struck, your hair will bocomo black at the roots, your rougo will loso its colour, your chignon w ll fall off, and your dress will disappear altogether." "The last calamity you have men- tioned would scarcely be noticed in tt modern ball room," replied Cinderella with a smile; " However, godmother, I will be sure to mind what you say. Good-bye." #»*#*. Cinderella was a success. She be- haved admirably at first. She danced four quadrilles with the gouty prince, and treated with suberb disdain all the**"'' younger sons. Alas, that we should have to write it ? after supper she actu- ally forgot herself so far as to waltz with a man who had little more than £500 a year, and scarcely any ex- pectations to talk of. lier fault brought with it its «wu punishment. In the very act of dancing, the hour of mid- night struck, and the fairy's prophecy was accomplished. Cinderella rushed away, leaving her chignon behind her. She regained her home, and fell on her knees in au agony of sorrow. " Oh, why did I leave the white haired prince with bis gout and his thousands for the boy with his youth and his poverty P" she cried. " Tho prince had not fire years of lifo in him, but bis money bags would have remained for ever." Scarcely had she uttered these words ere the fairy appeared, leading by the hand the aged aristocrat. " Prince," said the supernatural god- mother, " you nre in search of the maiden who dropped the golden-haired chignon at your ball. Behold ber!" " Why, she has black tresses," mum- bled out the prince, leering at Cinderella through his double eye-glasses. " Always in the morning," said the fairy, in explanation. Our story is over. All ended happily. Cinderella became a princess within a month, and a widow within a twelve- month. Vor what happier fa^e could she possibly have wished. 