We think it must be admitted by all im partial observers of the present ' situation' in Victoria, that his Excellency the Gover nor is precisely the man for the occasion. He has, ve think, shown an amount of judgment and open dealing in connexion with the crisis which should commend him to Victorians — no matter of what shade of opinion — as one to be trusted in a difficult emergency. The Argut appears to think otherwise, bat we do not take as political gospel all tbe utterances of the ' leading' journal, preferring to form our own opinion on questions that are to be judged as simple matters of fact. It is well known to readers of tbe Spectator that we are en tirely opposed to the policy of the present Administration ; that we deprecate, as monstrous, the proposal for compensating Sir Charles Darling ; aud that we should be glad to see the end of the Higinbotham era. Nevertheless, we are not so bigoted as to sacrifice common sense to party pur poses, and we are so confident of the wrong righting itself ultimately that we are con tent to await the issue of events. The M'Colloch Cabinet will have had sufficient rope by the year 1868, and in all proba bility they will by that time be in a fit condition to be gibbeted — but public opinion must be the executioner. The circumstances under which the Go vernor baa been called upon to act, in this instance, are not only unusual bat unpre cedented. The Council refused to pass the Appropriation Bill— in feet, threw it out — not because they desired to embarrass the country, but rather for this reason, that they bold it to be unconstitutional in the Ministry to endeavour to force them into agreeing to the Darling vote, which it is well : known they disapprove, using the Ap propriation Bill and its fete as a threat. -The Council very properly stand upon their prerogative, and are determined to have the question of re lative privilege in respect to money bills settled for ever. On the other hand, the Assembly, strong in Ministerial numbers, are equally obstinate, and ate resolved to humiliate the Upper House at any cost. In the mean time public business is inter rupted, civil servants left unpaid, and con tractors forced to sue the Crown. The position then in which tile Governor is placed is that of having to contrive some means of harmonising these differences and providing for the proper administration of tbe departments. Under ordinary circum stances it would have been his duty to call Mr. Fellows or some other prominens leader of the Opposition to his assistance at a constitutional adviser, and this no doubt he would have done if there had been any prospect of a permanent coalition between the majority and the minority in the Assembly. Experience of the temper of both parties taught him that this was hope less, and he therefore wisely refused to select a fresh set of advisers whose policy would at once have been overwhelmed by force of numbers in the Assembly. If he had asked Mr. Fellows to form a Cabinet ; if he had given him power to dissolve the Assembly in the eveut of failure ; and if Mr. Fellows had agreed, on behalf of the Council, to abide the result of that appeal to the people, the present difficulty might perhaps have been in some measure ad justed. But the ghost of manhood suffrage haunted the Governor, and he knew how extremely problematical was the result as to bringing the two Chambers into unison. Although we deplore the Act that the M'Culloch Ministry cannot at present be supplanted - with any hope of a permanent change for the better, we are still constrained to admit that the Governor has taken the wisest step that was presented to him under the circumstances. Of course, the rejection of the Appropriation Bill will be re- enacted by the Council, and it is not, indeed, alto gether certain that they will assent to the measure of temporary supply sent np by the Assembly. Still, this is not the Go vernor's fault, and the wrong most right :rii,-:- v.-;;v,,ut hi? active interference or! v'ar;ii3!,;iiip. Ail h* La= to do is to see j th-,t tbe strict letter of the Constitution is j a.ih'-re-i to. leaving it to tie people's repre rest.'.tivei to settle thc-ii difference* in the best way they can under the law as it exists. ? ? -^ — 