THE PROSPECTS OF AGRICUL TURE. [communicated.! Amongst the figures quoted by the Treasurer in his financial statement none are, perliaps, of greater importance — as furnishing an index to the future pro sperity of this province — than those which relate agriculture. The hon. gentleman said at the close of his speech — ' It was a great saiisiacuon «j nun mat iookihjj at the statistics, comparing the past with the present, and their prospects for the future, he was able to say they had turned the corner, and were on the threshold of a far more prosperous career.' Now, while we heartily sympathise with the spirit in which these words were uttered, and sincerely hope that future events will prove the truth of the prediction, we tfiinlr it vH?l nnt, ivc a?totri»th«r HTinrofitaV»l« to refer to the prospects of the agricul tural interest, upon the success of which the ' far more prosperous career ' is mainly dependent. And we say this not from any belief that the other staplo interests of the colony are less worthy of consideration, or from any desire to draw unfavorable comparisons between them ; all are more or less conducive to the prosperity of the country, and all contribute materially to its welfare ; but there are special circum stances by which the agricultural interest is surrounded which do not apply to the mineral or pastoral interests, at any rate which affect the former in a widely different manner, and produce results which to the latter are comparatively un important. In the first place, the nurabei of persons engaged in agricultural pur suits is much larger than the number em ployed in pastoral or mining occupations, and as a necessary consequence, the amount of wealth produced by the far mers is distributed more equally in pro portion ; and it also follows that a very slight difference in the ruling prices which can be obtained for the surplus produce of the agriculturalist is enough tjo deter mine the question whether his occupation is profitable or otherwise. On the other liand, the wealth produced by the squatters (and we speak now of what. Vifts hfiftn dnm- in fa.vrtrahl« Rpasnnsi is concentrated within a comparatively small section of the community. After making provision for the necessary labor and other expenses, the surplus goes to enrich individuals rather than numbers ; it is not distributed in the same ratio as the surplus of the farmers, who, from the nature of their pursuits cannot indivi dually realise large profits. The proprietor of a large sheep- station, for instance, who makes a profit in any given year of, say £5,000, is so much richer himself, and has unquestionably contributed largely to the benefit of others as well. We could ill afford to dispense with his assistance, much less would we grudge him the reward of his enterprise and capital. But while the £5,000 profit makes him bo much the wealthier, it does not circulate through the country, as it would had it been the net profit of some twenty farmers, who would probably have spent the whole sum in the course of the year. The same remarks will apply, though in a Ifisa degree, to the mineral interest, but it is unnecessary to cany our illustration further. Now we think that this theory will account for the fact, which we believe to be almost universally admitted, that the colony lias never been in a more pros perous condition than when the farmer duce ; for it has invariably followed that money has been plentiful, trade good, and labor fully employed. Is there, then, a reasonably fair prospect that after the next harvest the agriculturalist will' be able to get a profitable price for his produce? for on this more than any thing shall we be able to decide whether we have really turned the corner referred to by our hopeful Treasurer. Of course the answer to this question must be to some extent conjectural. Some sudden revolu tion of the wheel of fortune may upset all our calculations, and as we have been going from bad to worse for some time past, it is' all the more necessary that the next change should be from worse to better. But, apart from any such con tingencies, it may help us to form an opinion as to the future by referring to the past in connection with the figures alluded to above. We find, then, that in the year 1861 the wheat land was 310,636 acres ; and in 1866 as much as 457,628 acres, or about 46 per cent, increase. The yield in bushels in 1861 was 3,410,756 and in 1866 it was 6,561,451 bushels, or more than 90 per cent, increase. The cereals exported in 1861 were worth £712,789 ; but in 1866 only £645,401, showing a decrease of under 10 per cent. Now, it is worthy of notice that wliile the quantity of wheat produced increased in five vears more than 90 per cent., the value of the cereals exported decreased somewhat less than 10 per cent. ; in other words, although the colony produced nearly double the quantity in 1866 that it did in 1861, we did not obtain so much money last year for what we exported as we received five years previously. And the actual signification of these figures becomes still more apparent when we take into consideration that the wheat land had increased about 46 per cent, and that a similar increase had taken place in the number of persons employed in agri culture, so that in the year 1861 there was a sum of £712,789 to be divided amongst those persons engaged in the production of cereals, while in the year 1866 there was but £645,401 to be divided amongst a number of persons if not increased in the same ratio as the wheat land, at any rate very largely augmented. It is only when looking at the question from this point of view that we can appreciate the para mount importance of the agricultural interest, and the extent to which the whole community is dependent upon it for prosperity. Had the increase in the value of exDorts in the vear 1866 as com pared with 1861 been maintained at the same rate as the increase in quantity, nearly £650,000 would have been added to the wealth of the farmers, and by them distributed through the length and breadth of the land. Turning briefly to the figures with reference to the current year, we find that we have exported in wheat and flour to the value of £624,710 ; and we certainly have as much more to spare in quantity, whatever may ultimately prove to be its value. If we can dispose of it at the same rates as that which has already gone away, we shall have reason to be satisfied, and it will be better to part with it at still lower prices than to keep it on hand ; for, as there is every prospect of another boun tiful harvest, it will not do to hold back in the hope of higher rates, with, at the same tune, the probability ef an enor mous supply coming in. The English market has been a god send to South Australian farmers this year, but it is one they can hardly expect to be available for two years in succession. It is we believe now 10 years since the price of wheat was as high in England as it was at the date of our last adviceB, and it would be a remarkable coincidence if it should continue to maintain the same the next mail will bring us some informa tion on the prospects of the European har vests for 1867, and we shall then be in a better position to determine whether the home market will be again accessible to our farmers. It is almost certain that our intercolonial trade in cereals will never be so good as it has been, and there is, so far as we can judge at present, but one of two alternatives — we must lose what has long been our greatest source of national wealth, or we must adopt a system wliich will enable us to compete with those countries from which Great Britain draws her chief supplies. To decide upon the former involves, as we believe, neither more nor less than national ruin ; and the latter is, if not impossible, attended with so many serious difficulties that we almost shrink from contemplating them. They will, however, have to be overcome, and to this end we must, if possible, secure for the farmer, first, the beBt possible facilities for transport ; secondly, by cheap land ; and thirdly, that which he stands more in need of than all besides, cheaper labor. These alone will heln him in 'turn tho corner,1' and if lie succeeds in getting round it, we may safely predict that he will carry the rest of the community with him. The laying of the foundation-stone of the Roman Catholic Church at Wallaroo Bay took place last Sunday. A large concourse of persons assembled to witness the ceremony, including many from Kadina and Moonta. Mass was said in the wooden chapel in the moroiug. Shortly after its conclusion a tittle before noon, the Very Rev. J. Smyth, the Rev. Mr. Rey nolds, and the Rev. Mr. Kennedy issued from the chapel, and, preceded by lads habited in white and bearing holy water and the Bible, proceeded to the western end of the site of the new edifice, where a wooden cross had been erected, and offered prayer. They then walked to the eastern end and, standing before the foundation-stone, recited the Catholic Litany and other forms of prayer. After this a bottle was placed in a cavity of the stone on which the foundation-stone was to rest, containing a parchment in which was written the facts usually inscribed on such documents. The stone waa then blessed in accordance with t.he rites of the Catholic Church. onA Vi tir- ing been deposited in its place by Messrs. Kerrison and Phillips, the Rev. Mr. Smyth, touching it with a silver trowel, pronounced it laid in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. After some other formali ties had been observed, the Rev. Mr. Smyth mounted a platform under a canopy, which had been improvised, of canvas and pine branches, read from the first to the 11th verses, inclusive, of tho 1st chap, of Malachi, and taking those portions of Scripture as the basis of hu dis course, he proceeded to deliver a sermon that was characterised by much eloquence, fervor, and impressiveness. On the conclusion of the sermon it was announced that contributions would be received towards the building fund. subscriptions at once were nanaea in rapiaiy, and in a short time there was collected upwards of £140. We understand that about £250 had been previously contributed to the fund. — Wallaroo Times. A meeting of the North Adelaide Wes leyan Ladies' Benevolent Society was held in the old schoolroom, Archer- street, on Wednes day evening, July 24. There was a large atten dance, and Mr. J. B. Hack occupied the chair, and appropriately introduced the proceedings by some suitable remarks, in the course of which he earnestly appealed to those pre sent to assist to the utmost of their ability the o!-jects of the Society. The Rev. John Watsford then addressed the meeting. Alluding to what the Society bad effected, he remarked that 47 cases had been relieved, and that the Society had disposed of money and goods' to the value of £30. They had two ob jects in view, the alleviation of human misery, and the salvation of souls. He urged upon those present to increase their subscriptions, seeing that it was neceesary that the funds should be augmented, so that the extent of the Society's usefulness might be extended over a larger aiea. Mr. T. Robin and Mr. John Williams also ad dressed the meeting, and thn singing of the doxology and pronouncing of the benediction vrxminaiea me proceedings. Scab has broken out near Wellington in two or three flocks. Inspector Galbraith was on Tuesday dispatched, armed with full powers, to ' stamp out' the disease. 