? ''NEWS OF THE WEEK UW&aVUw; WH II a II Em UU to Era 51 a The Kyneton Mechanics' Institute was de stroyed by fire early on the 8th inst. The secre tary had been absent at Lauriston, assisting at readings given, there for the benefit of the hos Jpital, and had left another person in charge. This ?deputy closed the premises at half-past ton ?o'clock, and they were first discovered to be on ?fire shortly before twelve o'clock. The flames burst out of the secretary's apartments, which form portion of a wooden annexe -to the main 'inilding, which is built of Btone. In this wooden building was the library and read ing room, the main building being used as «, hall. The fire engine was on the spot in a very short time, the engine house being on the institute reserve. The supply of water was very deficient, -but the fire was chiefly confined ta the -wooden building by the exer tions of those working the engine. The whole of the library, cpnprising 1600 volumes, es pocially rich iu historical and biographicallitera- ture, has bc-en consumed, and.the destruction of property may be estimated at about £1000. The buildings, books, &c;, were insured in the ILondon and Lancashire Company for £800, Urat as this included a sum of £325 on the stone building, which has not been very seriously injured, probably £600 will cover the com pany's loss. The books were only insured for . 26240 (included in the general policy of £800;. 'This will not cover half the loss. The inst tuto was established 185d, and had very valu able accumulations of periodical literature, newspapers, &c;, of the loss of which it would be difficult to frame an estimate. Information has recently been obtained by the Customs authorities, that an extensive system of smuggling cigars and tobacco has re cently been carried on in Melbourne. On the 6th inst. a seizure of over 100,000 ,was made in different parts of the city, and it is expected that far larger seizures will be made. One of 4he leading houses engaged in the import trade as stated to be involved (no doubt innocently) in the affair. The prosecution of Thomas Dalton and Thomas Amess, for having smuggled cigars in their possession, has been withdrawn. Messrs Muir and Liddle, apparatus-officer and engine company's man, of the Ballarat Western Brigade, had a narrow escape from injury during the fire at Smythe's tannery, on the 6th instant, for as they were in the upper loft playing, or hauling upon, the roof, the rafters and superincumbent material came down on them. Happily they had time to iusu iiu mu biiio wi uiu juj.6 wnere ine stone wall, rising a few feet above the floor, afforded them space in which to crouch out of the way «l the roof timbers. Mr Wm. Hood, of Moianger Station, was (at the Hamilton Police Court, on 8rd inst.) fined £500, on the information of Mr Sheep Inspector Ken-, for having diseased sheep on Ms run without a license. Mr Palmer, who ap peared for Mr Hood, gave notice of appeal. ' There is no doubt the case will be taken to a higher court,' says the Spectator. ' The point upon which Mr- Palmer mainly rests for a reversion of the decree is, that Mr Hood ob tained a license from Mr M'Crae, dated on the same day as that on which the scab was de tected by Mr Kerr. This license waa applied for after the arrival ©f the inspector on the ran.' ? The following minute, for the information of the police, appears in the Police Gazette of the 6th inst.: — 'I hereby except officers, eergeants and constables of police from the operation of so much of section 4 of the Civil Service Regulations as provides that all officers attending in their official character, under a subpcana or order, to give evidence or to pro duce papers in any court, shall attend such court in performance of and as part of their official duty, and shall forthwith pay over into the Consolidated Revenue, and shall duly enter and account for all fees received by them for . the performance of such duty, and shall trans mit to the heads of their branch an account and vouchers for all the necessary expenses, if any, incurred by them in the performance of such duty. This exception shall take effect from the 1st January, 1867. James M'Culloch,. Chief Secretary. 22nd August, 1867.' A board, consisting of Messrs Stnrfc, Clis Bold and Dowling, P.M's., eat in Ballarat, 6th inst., to investigate the claims for reward by those instrumental in tho capture and conviction of Searle and Ballan for the murder of Mr Burke. Claims were preferred by the deteotives and police, and by the majority of the witnesses examined at tbe trial, in some cases the most trivial grounds being assigned for compensa tion and reward. A living specimen of the vampire bat (vam- pirus spectrum), caged and exhibited in the window of Mr Gaskell, Elizabeth-street, at- tracted a great deal of notice in the course of Saturday last. It was caught in the St. Kilda Park. Mr Gaskell's specimen mea- sures about a foot from tip to tip of its wings, and it is extremely spiteful, flying savagely at any person who approaches the cage. When undisturbed, it usually hangs head downwards, suspended by its hinder claws from the bars at the top of the cage, and having its wings flapped round it like a folded umbrella. There are many who think that a more pre ferable mode of getting rid of our surplus stocks of beef and mutton, than by boiling down the carcases of sheep and cattle for the tallow, would be to preserve the moat and export it to the most profitable market. Tho method of preserving meat by boiling in hermetically eealod canisters has been* adopted on a small eoalo in this and the adjacent colonies for some timo past, but, as a business, it has not been fully developed, or its advantages as an export fully tested. Exhibits on a small scale were to be seen in our recent Intercolonial Ex hibition of preserved meats, which had re mained fresh for several years, and were as swoot and nutritious .when opened as meat more recently cooked. Amongst tho exhibitors was Mr M'Cracken, from Tasmania, who was awarded a prize for cooked meats, speci mens of which had been more than ono whaling voyage, and were pronounced most excellent by.tho judges. The services of Mr M'Crackon bavo been brought into requisition by the Vic toria Meat Preserving Company, whose pre mises, situate at the corner of Bourlce and King streets, were visited by a few gentlemen on Saturday, who were invited to witness the pro eess. The meat is elaughtorod at tho abattoirs, and the choicest portions used for cooking. Tho process of manufacture consists simply of en closing the fresh moat in tins of various sizes, which are close soldered and tho tin plunged aito boiling wator, whore it is suffered to remain until it is consictSxeiV sufficiently cooked. The tins. on being withdrawn from the boiler, are pierced on the lid to permit of the escape of the superfluous steam, and considerable judgment is required to determine how much of this steam shall escape before the soldering iron is applied, and the hole plugged. If delayed too long, the air finds its way into the canister and in process of time the meat becomes . tainted, de composition having set in. Such portions of the carcase as are not adapted for cooking, being too gross, large or fleshy, are salted and packed in barrels for exportation, so that scarcely any portion of the animal is wasted. The barrels are formed of colonial-seasoned wattle, made and hooped on the premises. The ap purtenances are capable of disposing of between 300 and 400 sheep and 30 bullocks weekly ; the supply, in fact, being only limited by the de mand. The larger tho scale upon which ope rations are conducted, the greater the economy and profit ; and it is understood that Mr Cald well, who has initiated the undertaking, will shortly submit details to the public and invite co-operation. The meat tasted by the gentlemen invited to luncheon on Saturday was pronounced more nutritious than ordinary boiled meat. The gelatinous properties are all preserved, and there is a sweetness as well as freshness both to the taste and in the appearance which ought to cause its more frequent use at the table, either for lunch or dinner, especially during the summer months, when cooking is so ob jectionable. It can be purchased cheaper thun imported potted meats, and is infinitely more palatable. The export trade is that upon which the company must rely ; and Mr Cold well is of ©pinion that with proper agencies throughout the United Kingdom, an excellent business could be done. The article itself, once introduced, cannot fail to be appreciated, and, a footing obtained, the success of any company is certain. The purchasers of forfeited shares in the Lady Don Company, Ballarat, lately sold by auction at the Critarion Hotel, Collins-street, held a meeting at the office of Mr Knipe, the auctioneer, on Saturday, when, after some strong observations on the course pursued by the board, who withhold the scrip, it was re solved on by the majority of those present to proceed against the directors, unless the scrip was received within the next few day3. The South Australian Government have sent a despatch to Mr Dutton, Agent General in London, instructing him to require all bills, advertisements, and other printed announco to be submitted to him for approval before publication. This is to prevent any exagerated accounts of the colony, or inaccurate represen tations as to wages, &c;, being circulated by the selecting agents. In future all such announce ments will bear the nama of the AgentGene ral, who will thus be responsible for the ac curacy of their contents. According to the Border Post, the Albury people are fully alive to the importance of the movement of the German farmers from South Australia to the Upper Murray. ' A very ex tensive private correspondence is now going on between those settled near Albury, and their friends left behind in South Australia. Several of the Farmers' Clubs at Mount Gambier and elsewhero have been communicated with, and negociations are on foot for sending an im migration lecturer from Albury to the country districts ©f South Australia, with a view of explaining the New South Wales land bill, and supplying any information that may be required relative to the position and prospects of farmers in the Albury district. The pro spectus of an Albury Farmers' Club has been drawn np, and it is expected that this new local body, when duly formed, will exert con siderable influence in promoting the migration, not only of Germans, but also of other nationalists, to the cheap and fertile lands of the Upper Murray.' The Queensland Times reports that land in all parts of the district, and espe cially on the reserve and in the neighborhood of the line of railway, continues to be taken up in large quantities. The ' free selection before survey' principle has given additional facilities to intending agriculturists, which they will speedily avail themselves of. In the Guardian of the 25th, we find this announce ment : — ' A tradesman of this city has re ceived instructions from a leading firm in Mel bourne to ascertain the price of fifty hogsheads of beef cured by Morgan's process, to be deli vered and shipped at Newcastle, New South Wales, for shipment to China. This, we un derstand, is the first attempt made to open up a trade in that article with China, and should the venture prove a suc cess, it is almost impossible to calculate the profit likely to acorue to the holders of the patent.' ' Owing to the suocess which has at tended the importation of South Sea Islanders and their employment in this colony, it is (says the Queensland Times) very probable that a good demand for their services will at once arise. We are informed by Mr Carl Sahl that tho ten who arrived at the Fairney Lawn Cotton Plantation in the early part of the week, after enjoying a day's spell, went to work with a right good will. They are very intelligent, and are exceedingly quick in apprehending what is required of them with very slight instruction. They are all nominal Christians, and some are tolerable scholars and attentive to their re ligious duties. So confident is their employer of their turning out well that he has mado arrangements for proouring ten more from the next shipment. Wo undorstand that Mr Lewin will shortly start again for the islands, for the purposo of securing another importation.' The Melbourne correspondent of the Star, whose letters often possess peculiar piquancy, and whose imaginative faculty has given an airy existence to any amount of political com plications, seems now to have struck upon an entirely new vein. This, his latest communi cation, is sufficient to show that his materiala of nows are not limited to the surroundings of this dull earth:— 'Tho following mysterious ghost story was told to me on Friday by a re spootablo and apparently sane individual, who devoutly believes in its truth, but whose name I am not at liberty to mention. From what my informant stated, it appeared that a short timo ago a person oocupied a house in Melbourne, and after living thcro for some timo loft in a inyoterious manner. After this a second por son went to live in tho same house, whero she diod or, as is supposed, was murdered. Tho house is now occupied by somo respeotable citizens, whose peacoful slumbers aro nearly every night disturbed by tho sound of footatops going iip and down stairs. Sometimes in the dead of njght a noise as if some heavy body was falling upon the floor, is heard, while at the same timo the house bell commences to ring in a most unaccountable manner. My in formant solemnly declares that he has seen the handle of the bell working backwards and for wards when there was not a soul near it, and he also states that he himself has heard the foot steps on the stairs and the falling of the body. A scientific gentleman is now inquiring into the matter.' Should a dissolution be decided upon ulti mately, it would seem that there will be no lack of candidates, many of our provincial con temporaries already indicating local men wil ling to sacrifice tnemselves for tne public in terest. Mr T. Cooper, of Creswick, and Mr M'Intyre, the mayor of Sandhurst, are amongst the latest- mentioned ' coming men.' On Saturday, Eyrie-street, Geelong, was again thronged with shouldered mutton, no less than one hundred and forty carcases being thus conveyed from auction. Ninety were dis posed of by Mr Howell at three half -pence, and fifty by Mr Levy at from five farthings to three half- pence per pound. The first-named lot was the property of Mr Webster, wholesale and retail butcher, and the second from Mr John Olive, grazier. The proposition to form a veteran battalion aa a guard of honor to H. It. H. the Duke of Edin burgh during the time of his visit to this colony appears to have been taken up in earnest by the old and well-tried soldiers who dwell among us. A meeting was held on Monday at the London Tavern, Elizabeth-street, . for the purpose of forming the battalion, when it was resolved to at once obtain the names of old soldiers willing to join the corps, and then to solicit the sanction of the Chief Secretary to the enrolment. A very large number of gentlemen have already taken the initiatory step. There was a full attendance of members at the meeting of the committee of the Victorian Shipowners' Association, hold at Lloyd's Rooms, Monday. ' The treasurer reported that he had a balance in hand of £31 3s. Mr Mar- j shall (of Messrs Anderson and Marshall) vras appointed chairman, and Mr Reid (of Messrs Reid, Poole and Co.), hon. secretary and trea surer for the ensuing year. Monday was a busy day at the Melbourne Hospital, and the surgeons found plenty of employment. . Among the~ ' cases' brought in was that of George Lempriere, who, whilst crossing Sinapson's-road, was knocked down by two runaway horses, receiving a severe kick on xne nenu. j. ueu tuuitJ was a, man named Thomas Phelan, of Lillydale, who had thrown himself from one of the windows of the Robert Burns Hotel, Lons dale-street, early in the day, during a fit of delirium tremens, and received severe internal injuries. Another man, Thomas M. Thomp son, of Moonee Ponds, whilst riding up Stephen-street, in the afternoon, was thrown from his horse, and had his right hip and leg broken. In the evening a man, whose name is unknown, whilst laboring under the effects of drink, walked in front of a passing car and was knocked down, ' sustaining' a fracture of the skull. This was not all, however ; whilst a man named Robert M'Greevy was passing the Col lingwood steckade in a spring cart, the horse bolted and he was thrown out on to his head, receiving very severe injuries. If the Hospital officials had no other case, this chapter of ac cidents woald appear calamitous enough. Judgments have been signed on the part of the Government for the following amounts, in cluding costs in each case : — Young and M'Guigan v. the Queen, £1425 2s 6d ; Stevens v. the Queen, £147 12s 5d ; and Wakefield v. the Queen, £58 Is 3d. It is not probable that further petitions will be lodged while the recent vote remains unexpended, but the con tractors and others who have already instituted actions on petition follow them up to secure their costs. Lieutenant-Colonel Chesney, of the Royal Engineers department, is about to be re lieved by Captain Warren, who has come out from England for that purpose. Owing to illness in his family, Colonel Chesney will not leave for some time. His stay, however, will not be a protracted one. The You Yangs, that picturesque range of hills which the traveller by rail from Mel bourne to Geelong sees to the right, when about two-thirds of the journey has been done, is at present principally comprised in a far mers' common of 14,000 acres. A number of gentlemen in Geelong, however, have formed on opinion that it presents advantages of a different kind, and have resolved to erect an extensive educational establishment, and with that view have got thirty acres surveyed and put up to sole. Some local opposition has been got up to the scheme, but the objections are so pre posterous that no weight can be attaohed to them. With mountains at the back, and the sea in front, it is believed that the site is emi nently healthy. Mr T. L. Bright, ono of the members for Hokitika, has resigned his seat in the Provincial Council. The trial of Chas. E. Gundry, on the charge of committing the late robbery at the Union Bank, has resulted in an acquittal. A bill has been introduced to provide for tho representation to a certain extent of the Maori race in tho General Assembly. Another important mea sure for the establishment of a general system of municipalities throughout the colony, has passed its second reading, and is now in com mittee of the House. The death of Mr Charles Simeon, one of the early Canterbury settlers, is recorded by the Christohurch papers. Captain Simeon for some time held tho office of resident magis trade at Lyttelton and Christchurch. He was also the first Provincial Treasurer after local government had been granted to the Pro vinces, and was elected Speaker on tho open ing of the Provincial Council in 1853. News from tho North is portentous of fresh hostili tios, consequent upon outrages by the natives. The late report of tho murder of four whites at Hawke's Bay is, however, contradicted. Ono of tho itxis deor belonging to the Otago Acclimatisation Society, killed itself on the 22nd ult. From a local contemporary we learn the particulars: — ' Mr Landels, from whom tho deer were purchased in Melbourne, made it a condition that all he had should be taken. Tho lot comprised two bucks (ono old and the other young), and five does. Mr Ewen has several times spoken at the meetings of tho council, of tho vioious wildness of the young buck ; and this is tho animal whioh has how killed itself. For a dny or two, this very sharp antlercil, strong, and wicked young buck had to itsolf nearly the whole of a largo conch house, in tho doorway of which somo bars had been placed. Tho savage tricks of tho animal had necessitated the removal from the house, first of a young doe, and then of an old one ; and, when left alone, the man Avho had been in the habit of feeding the deer, became shy of going into the house with the fiercely-butting creature. Food was, consequently, passed through tho bars. Yesterday morning, the buck made a rush to get to the man who was bringing it food, and hitting the bars, it re treated, rushed again, and fell back with a broken neck.' A meeting on the subject of railway exten sion to the NorthWestern Province was held. at tho Town Hall, Carisbrook, on Monday. Gentlemen representing the following districts were present : — Boroughs : CariBbrook, Messrs H. Clarkeson (mayor) and Cr. Smith ; Mary borough, Mr C. Toutcher; Craigie, Mr R. Brown (mayor) and Cr. O'Farrell. Shires : Maldon, Mr R. J. Lawrence (president) sind Cr. Miller ; Newstead, Crs. Kirwain and Tur vey ; Bet Bet, Mr G. Cook ; Avoca, Crs. New man and Fletcher and Mr Hall ; Tullaroop, Cr. Dowie. It was decided, on the motion of Mr Smith, ' That the extension recommended by the Conference should be from Castlemaine to Maryborough, the line to be extended from thence as the Government may see fit.' A sub-committee was appointed to draw ug sta tistics and a memorial to the Government. At the monthly meeting of the Royal Society, on Monday, Mr Willan occupied the chair in the absence of the President and VicePre siflent. Mr H. Rusden's paper on the ' Ethics of Opinion' was intended originally as a reply to an article which appears in Fraser's Maga zine of March last, entitled ' Concerning the treatment of such as differ from, us in opinion.' The writer was commenting upon the unusual circumstance of a- largo number of persons quitting the parish church of St. Mark's, Dublin, on the occasion of the Archbishop of Dublin entering the pulpit to preach. The prelate had given offence by the use of strong language towards those who evidently differed from him on matters of opinion, and hence the display of feeling towards him. Mr Rusden's views are not likely to prove palatable, notwithstand ing their troth. Professor Halford intimated that he ia sfcfll continuing his investigations into the effect of snake poison on the blood, and that he had strengthened very materially the views enunciated in the paper he last read before the society. An ample supply of tiger snakes, the most venemous of the species, has been forwarded to him for experiment. The Professor indulged in a hone that his investica tions will indicate the proper remedy against ' the poison ; and Dr. Barker was of opinion that if the inquiry is pursued further it will ' alter the whole system of pathology. Pro fessor M'Coy pointed out the distinction be tween the species of wombat to be found on the Australian continent. It has hitherto been held that there was only one species viz., the Tasmankn wombat, but Professor M'Oov's investigations have led to the discovery of four distinct kinds, specimens of which are in the museum attached to the University. . .. Certain ceremonies of the Roman Catholic Church, which are not frequently witnessed in this city, were performed on Tuesday morning in St. Francis Cathedral. A solemn office and high mass were celebrated for tho repose of the soul of the Rev. Francis M'Carthy, who ?died at Boech worth a few days since. The altar was draped in mourning, and a catafalque rested on a stand in the sanctuary. The office commenced at half-past ten, when a large number of clergymen took their places round the catafalque, the Very Rev. M. Downing, of Geelong, presiding. The other clergymen present were the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G.; Rev; Messrs W. M. Finn, England, O'Meara, O'Hea, Corbett, P. Riordan, M'Iniry, S.J. ; Barry, Loridaa, O'Driscoll, M'Nab, and Dr. Bleasdale, of Melbourne and suburbs ; Power and Hoyne, Geelong ; J. Moore, Ballarat ; Branagan, Kihnore ; P. Moore and O'Callaghan, Castlemaino; and Shanahan, Inglewood. Tho mass was celebrated imme diately after the office, the Rov. Mr O'Meara officiating as priest, and Fathers Finn and M'Nab as deacon and sub-deacon. The de ceased reverend gentleman was educated at the Missionary College of All Hallows, Drum condra, near Dublin, and left for this colony in 1862. The inhabitants of Maldon, especially those interested in quartz-kilns, are at issue with the Central Board of Health as to the per nicious effects attributed to quartz-burning. A very numerous and respectable meeting took place in the Shire Hall, on Monday night, presided over by Mr Wilaon, when the result was the adoption of a motion proposed by Mr Hornby, and seconded by Mr Courtin, to the effect ' That the local board should not inter fere with quartz-burners or others, as ..there is no proof that the burning of quartz is in jurious.' In the course of his speech, Mr Courtin requested to know what right the Board of Health had to interfere before there was any proof that such interference was nGcessary. ' Should they succeed in stopping the kilns, then every miner would be compelled to burn his own quartz ; consequently, instead of twelve kilns, there would be hundreds scat tered everywhere around the country ; and, if condensing the fumes was insisted on, then tho crushing must at least cost 30s instead of 15s, as now. Supposing even the kilns were all moved to a considerable distance, tho popula tion would surely follow.' The meeting seemed to take this view of. tho matter de cidedly, as there was not a solitary dis sentient. Tho following additional list of legally quali fied medical practitioners, registered under tho provisions of the Medical Practitioners Statute, is published in yesterday's Gazette : — William Harvey Jackson, Merino; Henry Widenhain MaunscOl, Emerald- hill ; Thomas Kelly, Mel bourne ; Francis Dennis Eullen, Melbourne. ; Robert Henry Thomivs Gilbert, Melbourne ; James Morton, Fleniington ; Alexander Euston, Melbourne. Tbe arrival oi large numbers of Chinese from Melbourne has excited soiuo sensation in Duneilin, It is stilted that as many as 5000 or 6000 may be expected to arrive there from Vic toria during tho ensuing summer. ' Those who are now coming to tho Province, ' observes tho Times, '.to doing so on the invitation of those of thoir countrymen who have already settled on the Otago gold-fields, and who have there found uioro profitable employment, as diggers, than they hnvo done in any other part of the colonies.' We learn from tho Timam Herald that ' the loss sustained through tho lato heavy storms cannot for somo timo bo nscortainotl, but wo aro told that tho squatters in tho upper Waitaki district are. heavy sufferers. Messrs Gibson and ' Meyer' are mentioned as heavy j losers, as their flocks were lambing r down at the time. Messrs Sfcudholine, afc [ Waimatc, lost about 1500 lambs and 500 ewes.' I A fatal accident happened, on the 5th ult., to [ Mr T. J. Campbell, of Brunswick, one of tho F most respected settlers in the Wanganui dis- I trict. It appears that, while engaged in plough- [?' ing the young horses took fright, and in | endeavoring tc-v stop them, Mr Campbell was j; thrown down, and tho socket of the plough h struck his heud, leaving him quite insensible ; v death ensued shortly afterwards. £- Tlifi fiff;1i jirmnnl mefif.in.'- in connection with t I the Hornbrook Ragged School Association .,? | took place Monday evening in St. George' 'a I Hall. Judge Pohlman presided, aud the re w asi | a largo attendance. The reports read \\\ere o£ | a most encouraging character, and it; vw.s I stated that a balance remained to the credit tiof all the schools established by the associate icm. The principal gentlemen who took part in the proceedings were, Judge Poblman, the Bi shop of Melbourne, the Dean, the hon. G eorge | Eavker, Dr. Cairns, the Rev. J. Oswald I -ykes, the hon. T. T. A'Beckefct the Rev. . B[. N. Wollaston, and the Rev. 3.O. M'Michael „ The Courier intimates that the Bank of Australasia has settled an annuity -*f dElOO upon Mrs Burke, the widow of the late Mr T. U. Burke, of Sinyihesdale. It; ap pears that tho statement as to the set tlement by the Bank of Australasia of an annuity of £100 on the -widow oi their late manager, Mr Burke, murdered in their service, is true only to a certain extent, Ace ordifig to the Star, the manager of the Ballarat branch and the superintendent of the bi'ak ,in Mel bourne have recommended to the cenrt in. London that something should be -ione for Mrs Burke, but what will be donu, if ariything, is at present unknown to the bank authorities in the colony. The mail now arriving iii expected to bring the decision of the London court. The Ballarat Court of Mines gav ve judgment on Tuesday in the suit Keii-i-noor tCompany v. Sir William Don Company, dismissing the suit on the ground that the court had no juris- , diction. Competitive designs for the proposed new ? Temperance Hall, Ballurafc, are invited from, architects. The prize for the best design is £25. ...?:??? At a meeting of the Bailarat Caledonian Society, on Monday, Mr James M'Lean moved. that no one be elected president or vicepre sident Avho declined wearing the kilt on special jeeasions. Mr Lorimer stconded tho motion. 1 An amendment, relieving the officers from the § compulsory wearing of the kilt, was moved by 1 Mr E. J. Lewis and seconded by Arch. Kay ; I and oil the question being put the motion was | carried by a majority of one. Mr. Lewis I moved that . all members of committee be i compelled ? to wear kilts on special | occasions; Mr A. Kay seconded the ' nuo- | tion, which was put and carried. 1 Much discussion in reference to the I motions. referred to followed, and after lengthy | arguments pro and con.., tho motions were . j rescinded, aud it was decided that it should only be compulsory for the president to wear tho kilt. Mr George Lorimer was elected president; Messrs E. J. Lewis and James, | M'Lean, vice-presidents ; Mr Greenfield, horu treasurer ; Dr. M'Farlane, medical officer ; Mr. Anderson, secretary ; Mr Alexander M'DonaicI, piper ; and tha following gentlemen members of committee: — Messrs Robt. Glover, R- F. M'Lean, Alex. M'Lean, C. D. Cuthbert, .An drew Kiddie, R. Gray, Samuel Baird, Ai-ahd. Carmtchael. In reference to the welcome to his Royal Highness the Duke of Ediuburg h, letters were read from the kindred societies .of Melbourne, Geelong, Maryborough and Bunin - yong Mr Hardy, in the Ballarat Court of Mines?, on Tuesday, drew the attention of the court to- the ninth clause of the Act passed to Amend the» Mining Companies Limited Liability Act, by which it is provided that no shareholder in-, an unregistered company shall be sued for any liability incurred, unless ho should have signed a contract or a memorandum making himself liable It is stated that Mr Mitchell, who was for many years the proprietor of the Shipping Gazette, and has identified himself actively in soveral important public enterprises connected with the mercantile marine, is about to receive the honor of knighthood, as a recognition by the Government of .his benevolent and intelli gent activity as a frienl of the seaf˚ classes. The election of an honorary sui'geon to ±h- - Asylum and School for the Blind took pla\ce , Wednesday, at the Mechanics' Institute. Th.erti were only two candidates, and the numbers ffii tho close of the poll were : — Mr A. Rudjill If \7, and Mr Gray 94 ; giving a majority of 33 bo t lie, former. The committee of the Kyneton llechan' ics' Institute, having lost their large and valuf ible library of books by the lato disastrous fire, solicit from the public contributions that may enable them to repair the loss. A fresh phase of convictisin ia notifii id by the Madras Times, 27th July : — ' We- pub lished recently a return of convicts who have escaped from Western Australia, whi^h v*o fear throws a new and somewhat startling li/ght on the loafer question in India. Wo aro iiii 'orrned that not a ship brings us horses from \V estern Australia but also brings us a batch oi what are there called ' conditional pardon '..men,' conditionally pardoned becausa they have* com pleted a certain portion of their origina? sert I tence ; or it may be that they are not con | ditionally pardoned at all, but simply run aways who have succeeded in oluding the vigilance of thoir keepers. But whether con ditionally pardoned or run-aways it matters not to us ; they aro both equally objectionable, equally dangerous : i.u a word' they aro con victed felons of the ik-st water, cnpxble of undertaking any outrage. A very interesting meeting; took place in St. Andruw's Church, Ballnrat, on Tuesday evening, the object being tho advocacy of a scheme for tho establishment of a theological hall or college in connection with tho Presby terian Church of Victoria. Mr G. Russell, of Golf-hill, occupied tho chtiir. 'Mr Bulfour, M.L.A., spoke of the stops that had been taken for procuring 'niinistors from home, nnd tho failure of those attemps owing to tho scarcity of men willing to come out. He said that tho growing internal resources of the colonial churcli made the present a fitting timo for the estftblishmOHit of a theological hull, -where students for tho ministry niight bo trained. Tho Rov. J. Oswald Dykes, in ntl dressing tho meeting said that £10,000 would be required as an endowment for eack f five \--j professional 'chairs. Already £10,000 were on the books, but the payment of. the subscrip ,| tion lay over a term of iive years, so that the 1 amount named was not now available, and as .'?] nothing could be done without more funds, a . \ canvas of the whole colony had been deter - i mined on. The Revs. W. Henderson and D. H Frazer, Mr Elliot, Mr Wilson, and other gen -J tlemen spoke briefly concerning the object of r,''j the gathering, nud resolutions were adopted 'i arranging for the institution of a thorough il canvas of the district without delay. :J : The United Sczvice Gazette announces I that the Galatea, under the command of : . H.R-H. the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., having j arrived at Madeira, was to leave that anchor a age on 18tli June, and to reach Rio about 8Ui 1 Jnly ; tp leave there on the 10th, and to | arrive at the Cape of Good Hope on 24th | July ; to leave the Cape on 22nd August, and I to reach Adelaide about 20th September ; to J reach Melbourne on 4th October ; Hobart I Town on 2-.J-.th October ; Sydney, 5th Novem j ber ; Brisbane, 7th December ; so as to reach Wellington, N.Z., on Christmas Day. Messrs Gibbons and Scott, the well-known shipwrights, of Saltwater Eiver, and who lately I purchased tho Black Swan steamer, as she lay sunk off the Williamstown Breakwater, after having been in collision, have spared no pains to raise the vessel from her muddy bed, and may now be congratulated on their endeavors being so far successful. On Wednesday morn ing last, operations commenced ; the floating decks were sunk one on each side of the steamer, and secured by 3-inch iron chains ; the docks were then, at six p.m. pumped out, and at eleven p.m., the first lift of six feet was obtained, and the steam tugs Reliance, Titan and Black Eagle being in waiting, imme diately made fast, and commenced to tow the whole into shallow water, in which they were successful by some 250 feet. Thursday, about mid-day, a second lift of ten feet was achieved, and by 3 p.m. the steamer was lying in shallow water abreast the ship Australian, between the pier and Breakwater. We are requested to state that the trustees of the Public Library have received, as a dona tion from the hon. George Verdon, C.B., a work newly published in London, which will assuredly be highly esteemed and made great use of by the practically scientific men in Vic toria who visit the 'Library. The work is entitled ' Tables of the Results of a Series of Experiments on the Strength of British, Colonial and other Woods Exhibited at the International Exhibition, 1862, made at the South Kensington Museum, by Captain F. Fowke, R.E., with his Report on Similar Ex periments in 1855.' An old colonist was admitted to the Benevo lent Asylum on Thursday, in the perssn of an aged man named Denny, a native of Dublin, who has lived fifty-one years in Australia. A local contemporary says that ' certain parties are sounding public feeling to discover whether Mr Lemuel Bolden would be likely to be elected as the representative of Noith Gipps Land at the next election.' Tho result, it is said, has been disheartening to the promoters D? the movement. A shocking accident, by which a miner named James Davenport lost his life, while working at the bottom of a shaft on the Magnum Bonum Company's claim, Chinaman's Fat, tnek place on Monday morning, the 9th inst. We learn the particulars from the Maryborough Adver tiser. The immediate cause of death was the falling of a truck upon the unfortunate man from an iron frame, termed the ' skip,' which secures the truck within the iron bars. It Ml upon the deceased with such force as to break his ribs and breast bone, fracturing the spine, and inflicting other severe injuries, from which death must have ensued instantaneously. It appears that a new skip had just been supplied, and that the track, after the guide had been adjusted, and while the manager, ?who was with others engaged at the new skip, was in the act of fixing a piece of quartering, fell down, producing the effect described, thrusting one portion of his body down a well underneath deceased, and jamming the other against the shaft, the truck being uppermost. Tbje sad occurrence is accounted for by two miners, one of whom attributes it to the skip being- a new one, and that the bands stuck out a little too far, and came in contact with an object in the shaft; and the other in this way ? that the catch slipped off the cage, and the truck fell. The deceased was released within ten minutes after the accident, but life was then quite extinct. He leaves a widow and a family of four children unprovided for. It is only a few weeks ago that a man lost his life by falling into a cesspool at the same claim. Ti-e propriety of allowing men to work in such dangerous positions as that which this poor man was in when the track fell has been freely questioned, and adversely commented upon. An Anglo-Indian contemporary thus refers to tke encroachments of Russia in the Far Bftrtt : — ' Four years ago one of the most re mavfeable events in the history of Asia took place, and was hardly noticed or known -to the civilised world. The Mussulmans of Eastern Turkistan rose and expelled the Chinese. Room was thus made for Russia, but she pre fers the line of the Oxus, having'the capture of Constantinople in her eye and the consequent necessity for checking us in India. So, we learn the Chinese have begun the re-conquest of their Turkoman provinces which iirst came under the sway of Kien-lung in 1758. The official Peking Gazette announces the capture of Hami or Klutmil, tho most eastern of Turkistan cities1. Tlio Humi melons are (celebrated in Peking. Precious stones are abundant there. Chinese jado thumb-rings, ja/Je tubes for holding peacocks' feathers, sash buckles, carved jars,- ink stones, seals, tobacco pipes, and many other articles are made of Turkistan white jade stones. Every second or third year the T-urkistan provinces used to jsend a caravan with jade to Peking, with pre sents to tho Emperor. So late as 1860, we tii'd the ruler of Khokand sending a present of Il£ horses to the Emperor Hien-feng. If Rus sia allows China to retake Yarkand, Cashgar, Akstt and Khoten, there will bo an end to our trade beyond tho Karakorum.' A correspondent of the Monitciir of Pondi cherry, writing from Cuddalore, tells tho fol lowing interesting story : — ' At the time of Lord Napier's return to Madras, after paying a visit to the Governor of Pondichsrry and making a tour in the South Arcot dis trict, his Excellency had occasion to stop for a few minutes at tho English Customs station at Mortandy Choultry, a few miles from Pondicherry. ' While thero, among other marks of respect which were paid him by the inha bitants, bis Excellency was WOst of all sur prised and gratified at being addressed _ in Latin by an humble employe about the locality, Bamett Bernard Rassappa'Valarnada Moodelly. Upon Lord Napier making inquiries regarding the antecedents of the author of this classical oration, the Moodelly replied that he was a native of Cutldalore, and had been educated at the Pondicherry Seminary, on learning which, his Excellency condescended to congratulate him upon the facility with which ho expressed himself in the language of Cicero.' At the Geelong Police Court, Thursday, A. J. Willis, who is described in the Police Gazette as a clerk recently arrived from India, and a cousin of the bank manager lately con victed of robbery, was brought up by Sergeant Golding, who nrrcsteA him tlie previous night, on warrant, charger! with uttering a forged cheque to F. K. Moore, ou the 3rd August, purporting to be signed by H. S. Smith. Tho prisoner acknowledged to being the ? party described in the warrant, and was remanded to Emerald-hill, the scene of the alleged on\:ncc. Messrs Gordon and G-otch have favored us with the first number of ' The London Scots man, a weekly journal of Anglo- Scottish News,' published in London. It is mainly, al though not entirely, what its name implies — a repertory of intelligence and literary matter interesting to Scotchmen. The first number contains an interesting memoir and an ad mirable wood, engraving of Thomas Carlyle; Altogether, in spite of and on account ' of _ its national peculiarity, the London Scotsman is a very enjoyable addition to eur exchanges. Says the Spectator, apropos of a system of public instruction, ' Mr W. E. Forster made a good speech on the Education Bill, intro duced by Mr Austin Bruce. The prin ciple of the bill was to give any com munity rating powers to rate themselves for the purpose of more efficient education, if they so please ; the ratepayers to avail themselves of existing denominational schools, with the help of the Conscience Clause, but to provide out of the rates for more complete and efficient education. The bill was only an experimental one, and if it succeeded in largei towns, it might then be applied to couutiy districts. Mr Forster's statistics, however,; seemed to show that even plenty of good schools would not secure all the scholars who ought to be compelled to attend. A system of compulsory education, and therefore also of compulsory rating, is what is really wanted. Mr Austin Brace's measure seems fit only tp prepare the way for something bigger and more effective.' , The establishment of State ferests through out the colony is a favorite topic with the Ararat Advertiser. Our contemporary again directs attention to the large quantities of timber now being consumed for 'domestic and building purposes on up-country gold fields. ?' The heaviest timbered locality in this neigh borhood is Mount Cole, where indigenous trees of the largest growth and linest quality flourish. This mount, from its height and the wide thick forest with which it is wooded to the top, and which extends for a considerable distance along the range of which it is a part, and upon the lower lands convenient, exercises a most important influence upon our climate ; but owing to the establishing of a number of saw mills there, the larger and better sort of trees are being rapidly cut down, und in a few years the hill will be entirely denuded of timber of any description. It would prove of great advantage to the district if an extensive area here were set apart for State forest pur poses. At present the work of demolition is rapidly going on without thought or care for our future wants.' Death has made a breach among the officers of her Majesty's 107th Regiment, in Madras, hitherto so singularly healthy. The decease of Captain George Sale Dysart, recently took place after a short illness, from acute dysentery. Captain Dysart was a grandson of Sir Robert Sale, whose name the battle of Moodkee has made historical. Advices from Wellington to the 3rd, and from Hokitika to the 7th inst., have reached Sydney per the Claude Hamilton, but the only item of general interest therein is the wreck of the Mountain Maid, schooner, on the Bnller. The Yass Courier relates a narrative which would be curious enough if merely a figment of the imagination, but which will seem still more extraordinary should it turn out to be true : — ' On Saturday, 31st August, a man named Quinn, together with other prisoners, were forwarded under escort, by Cobb and Co.'s coach, from the Yass gaol to Goulburn, and thence on to their places of punishment. Quinn had been convicted at tho last sessions at Deniliquin, held on the 1st of July, on a charge of uttering a forged cheque. Hestates thatforsome years, seven or e:ght (if we recollect rightly), he held the responsible and respectable appoint ment of second-class sergeant in the Victorian police, a rank in that corps considerably higher than it is in the New South Wales brigade. At his own request he obtained his discharge, with the view of entering a more lucrative branch of the public service. This discharge he produced before and after his arrival in Goulburn, and it bears on the face of it the best possible of characters. After leaving the police he had occasion to visit Wentworth in this colony, and there, it appears, commenced the troubles which have terminated in his being conveyed from Deniliqniu to Sydney as a con victed felon. Wentworth and its cognate town ships seemingly possess most qnostionnble ac commodations for travellers. Of hocussing and robbery we have recently heard a good deal from tho region of Rivcrinu, and the narrative wo ure about to rebito appears a fitting adornment of the most recent page of Murray river poisoning and robbery. Quinn, intending to proceed to Eehuca, and thence bv rail to Melbourne, stopped at an inn at Wontworth, or somewhere about that quarter. He says he remained there during one night, and on being about to start next morning, ho proposed to a fellow voyagcur to havoa drink apiece, at the same time culling to the landlord to let him know tho amount of the reckoning. Ho was apprised of the score, aud putting his Laud at his back beneath his coat to a pouch attached to his belt, bo found that tho contents of it were gone, which wo understand ho stated were some £5 or £0. Being satisfied that the landlord of the house, and no one else, must havo robbod him, ho ac cused him of tho theft, threatening that if tho money was not restoml ho wmld re port his conduct and procure tho cancella tion of his license. The landlord protested that 1)0 Ind not the money, and was very bounceable. Quina k:t, and on arriving at Echuca, we believe, was surprised to find him self in the hands of the police on a charge of passing a valueless -cheque to the landlord in question. It may .naturally be supposed that the publican, whoever he may be, being ap prehensive of the conjsoquences of so serious a charge as that threatened by Quinn, secured communication by telegraph witli Echuca and ' took the first pull.' Quinn positively states that he never had the cheque in question m his possession ; indeed, had never seen it, and con sequently could not havs uttered it. When in Goulburn Quiun had the opportunity of an interview with Mr Superintendent Zouch, who took down his statement with the view of lay ing it before the Governir.ent.' 