THE PAST MEETING. ... . By.Beajcon. '' . Last week I treated of; the Cup only. My remarks, occupied so much space that I had no room to comment on tihe remainder of ? the races, and all other matter in a like ? manner had to bo postponed. I cannot help mentioning, en passant, the serious irMJonvenience the press labored under through not; getting admittance to the weighing shod, and aaoess to the weighers' book, as ' they had hithtj&to; been acoustomed to. It is scarcely necessary to say that the returns of the riders and the overweight carried could not be accurately given under tho circumstances. The reason as signed for their exclusion was that the room would not hold! all the members of the press, and thnt it would cause great inconvenience and. delay through being so crowded. This may be reasonable enough ; and so far as I am ^personally concerned, I have no desire t& enter the sacred preoinots of the weighers' room. Bn6 1 want the information necessary to my vacation, that it may be ac curately handed to the public for their benefit, and this I could not obt aiu. On the second day oho assistant weigher brought a book with the riders' names and weights into tho reporters' stand, of course immediately before the race, when all wanted to- scau the action of th? horses in their preliminary gallops, and do parted with the book bearing tho aforesaid in formation the niomemt tho winning horso had passed tho post. Thoeo therefore who had not em braced tho opportunity of getting the required information at tho most inconvenient time, got it not at all. Now this matter could easily bo arranged. Got seveval small boards, aocord ing to tho number of races in the day, » ? ? ? ? with the names of tho horses and the riders, and pounds- ?overweight '.' when ' such is , necessary. Jiang them out in any convenient place in .the saddliBtg paddock, where the functions of officials will not- be interfered with. There let thenvhang all day for the benefit of those whom such knowledge may concern, and so that the members' of the press, who aro very hardly worked on such occasions, may get the required information whon they have time and opportunity, and not at' a time suggested by arbitrary dictation. There can belittle trouble in this plan, and it would not take the assistant weigher five minutes to do , after the last jockey, is weighed out. The- 'present board with the names ?of the riders is no use at all to us, as we are generally engaged elsewhere when it is up, and it, I observed, was usually taken down before the horses had, cantered. If we ?are rexcluded from the weighing Bhed we can know nothing of what passes inside, and mistakes which may occur there should become public property. ; I have heard more than one declare that had The Barb been accurately ?weighed in for the Melbourne Cup of 1866, he would have been disqualified for the. race. The Barb's weight was 6 st 9 lb. Tho late Mr Jenner, in his hurry and anxiety, .declared two pounds overweight only, and the colt is returned as having carried 6 st 111b, whereas there is tho strongest pos sible reason for believing that he carried over 7 st. It was only a mistake, but a very unfor tunate one for many who stood to win a small fortune on Exile, and who were partially ruined by his defeat ; and who, moreover, had to pay when they should have received. In regard to protests, too, the reporters can only quote from what they gather second-hand, and can therefore form no opinion o£ the merits of a. case. The ? hearing and the version given you of a case are things widely different : in the one instance a reporter is able to estimate its value ; in the ether, incompetent to give any better opinion than the boy on the hill. How ever, as it.is possible that these things are: t- be provided.for, the inconvenience 'of tho past will be easily forgotten. I was very successful in my tips for the first day, beyond which I bad but little con fidence. For the Maiden Plate I gave Sylvia, for the Ascot Vale Stakes Fenella, tne Melbourne Cup Tim Wlnffier, the Hurdle Race Lady Clare, and the Darling Stakes Falcen. The Maiden Plate 'was the- first event of the day, and brought six to the post, and was won by one of the most beautiful ^fillies in ? the' colonies, one oowiea over the lot opposed to her with the utmost ease, and I could not help thinking ita groat mistake ts have erased her name from the Cnp. The Fly, wl\en right,- may be' better, but I coufess I very .much doubt it, and were they not both in one stable Sylvia would carry my money this year in preference to the sister of Fishhook. B. A. is not a bad colt, but had no chance with the elegant daughter of Fisherman and Juliet. Grace Egerton was weak, and fell 'off rapidly coming, home. Chorister will see a better day I believe ; and there is.no saying what time may not do! for Balmoral, but he is.notyet a racehorse; and Trumpeter would be more at home in a cavalry regiment than competing with thoroughbreds. Tho time was very slow, which makes' tho field beliinil the winner appear, exceedingly mode rate. Then came the Ascot Vale Stakes; which, was cleverly won by Fenella, by Fisher man, out of Rose de Florence; Melancholy Jaques, whom I had only once before seen, was second. I had a great opinion of thiB colt from the moment I saw him ; he looked to me to be a flyer, and I felt satisfied he would be handy for this event, and so expressed myseK. Of, Zouave I expected better things, but he was the last off, and his chance thus early ex tinguished; not that I think he could have beaten 'Fenella. Little Briton got a good atavt, but soon gave way to the filly, and also to the melancholy gentleman. Clermont wants time, and No Surrender. I have no fancy for. Monsieur ,le Beau cannot beaccurately measured by this performance, being a stable companion of Jaqiies. Frying Scud wants fully another twelve months ; indeed, I expect butlittlo good from her until she is five years old. This race occupied -1 min. 11 sec, against 1 min. 10 sec. last year, and is 3£ see. slower than Freestone's time in 186U.' Then came the' Cup, especially treated of in. last week's paper, which was won by my selection, Tim Whiftler, and whioh tip was given seven days before the race. Now came a reverse, for Lady, Clare did not win the Hurdle Race as I said sho should do, and wjuuii j. »uui iuiiuiijaxii miu wuuiu iiiivu uont;. I am not going on the principle of obstinatoly sticking to it because I said so, but will show I was justified in my selection. Firstly, nothing in : the race ? was in such good condition. Sir Walter, a good hurdleracer, in the same stable, had to give way to her, and was withdrawn; Valentine '.was slightly suffering from violent work in his Cup pre paration ; Prince was not fit ; Famhara was too heavy altogether; Ranger in. no trim, indeod he proved to be quite fat ,* and the rest of the field .only so-so, except ing perhaps Little King, who has convinced n3 we must not always go by exteriors, and hold little ones when well formed in contempt. Had not Lady Clare run oft' at the .last hurdle the race was between her and Little King, ami I think her foot would have told at the tinisbj. As it turned out it was a most unsatisfactory race, and was won by a fluke. A good doal was said about the bonajides of this race, but I am satisfied that no persons were more vexed at tho result than tho owners of Lady Claro, who had beoked it a certainty and stood to win an unusually largo stake for n hurdlo r.ict-. After whioh camo the Darling Stakes. My by was Falcon. When I wrote the tip I er expected him to go for the 'Cup, for ngh goingbeautifully.for^a inile and a half, had given urimistakeable proofs that he Id not go two miles. However, for the Cup went, and consequently was knocked out of I for the second race ; therefore to Palla 1 of Premier and Pallas did the stake fall, 36 little filly and who will be heard of at itry meetings. Midshipman could not last Jistance. Sir Walter was out of place at [lit . for age ; Sir Solomon was amiiss, and rest no good. This was the only race of meeting which fell to 'Waldock' a lot. Time, ain. 49 sec. Last year it was won by ravator, 7 st, in 2 min. 45 sec. I he second day commenced with the Hying ;es, Barwon being made a. great favorite, he was easily bowled over by Mr Tozer's irdo colt, B.A. ; the old horse beiDig an il to giving 25 lb to one so fresh and well, isieur Le Beau and Waterwitch we:ro no re. he Royal Park Stakes bid fair to be a. Tery testing race, had not both Glencoe. and lvia bolted. It therefore fell to Warwi ck, th Poetess second ; but for the bolting of -ihe angsters, he should have had a good li ne :for e Victorian Derby. . Then came the De rby akes, which Fireworks won easily, Palladi.am tting home next ; the Swell running a very iterate horse, clearly showing that he is n ot arly the best of the Maribyrnong lot ^ L.B. d Balmoral beaten oft. ? '? The Spring Handicap was won by Mary in in the commonest of canters ; she 'was at lite an outside price at starting, Lancashire itch giving four pounds and a beati'.ng to ip Van Winkle ; Falcon, too, was never in the ce, and Shenandoah, who got an excellent irb, was soon beaten off, together wiith three hers. The Corinthian Cup was a - gift to lencoe, neither of the others having a ghost a chance with him. Lady Clare vras early illed off, and Strop only continued to follow i the off chance, that the colt mighfc again jit. A Fifty Pound Plate went to -Count, bo won by a head from Warrior and a-. mode ito lot behind him again. The tlrd'd day lened with a fine race for the All Aged {Stakes le mile, Tim Whiffler having been with jtlrawn. his was won by Fenella, the winner -of the scat Vale Stakes, carrying tori pounds over eiffht. which broueht it un to 5 st. beatine ireworks, 3 yra, -7 st 5 lb, by a neck ; time, min. 48 sec. ' Melancholy Jaquas would', .have in well had he not bolted. L.L. and. Little riton were nowhere in the race. This1, .race as last year won by Sour Grapes, 2 yrsP «5 st lb ; beating The Barb, 3 yrs, 7 st 5 lb1, in min 50 sec, by two lengths ; Mr Fisher bei 'ng rst, and Mr Tait second on both occasioi is. his clearly proves that the two-year-olds ha ,ve is best of it at the distance, and that ±he Ishermen two-year-olds are difficult to beat- at mile, for we may rest certain that we sis all eldom see them opposed by better colts tlbu an . lavb and Fireworks. '?? In both years the fillies amed many pounds overweight, so it may 'be sked where would they have been with tbsiir roper weight up. Sylvia won the Oaks easi 5 y, lie Queen of Hearts being unequal to 11 'io (eight, and The Fly amiss. The race wi is sty slow ; but there is no doubt Sylvia coul d lave gone much' faster had it been required. Ihe is a magnificent filly, and if Sour Grap 'mis r Little Fish are better than her, the Victor! ui )erby of 18G8 should go to Maiibyrnong wit) fe at doubt. The Victoria Racing Club Hand x- . ap was won cleverly by Warwick, carrvin K st5 1b; Toryboy, 7 st 41b, second. Froi xi lie way this race was won I am satisfied tha |fc ad Warwick ' started for the Cup he woul 1 iave been one of the three first horses, and th o andicappers made no mistake when the, y reighted him at 8 st 4 st. Mary Ann was th\o avorite, but was dead amiss, having bee. a 11 in the night, and should never iave been brought out. Sparrowhawk ran 1 1 air horse, Cedric badly, and Midshipman.1 rorse and worse. He seems to have gone to he bad altogether. The Steeplechase was a- I thapter of accidents ; Babbler and Bankor re using the water- jump, and losing all chance* if the race. Sondo was allowed to got well iway and was never caught; winning easily ind upsetting some large pots. Faugha Jallagh ran well, but could not foot it with the- ; iay. Echo was too slow, and the others came o grief. Better luck next time ; and the op [porfcunity will soon be offered to thorn. Th& tvater jump is now taken away and some fences Knbstituted, so there will be less probability of go much balking for the future. The Queen's iPlate was a charming race, and shows clearly ] |enongh that Sydney Tim is good at all dis- j stances, and can carry weight. North Aus fpalian ran a good horse and Strop never better ; he has one regular pace and cannot get' out of' it, Cowra' was about beaten when she ran,' against a post, and might have finished some- , where with Strop but not nearer. Nimble foot was out of it. Not so Glencoe, whose' rider broke his stirrup iron, when running ex tremely well, jmd who would no doubt have' had a place. Warwick, again, proved himself? a good horse in the Free Handicap ; beating; Toryboy and Tim Whiffler (V.) and sevexw others in fast time, winning by a good length with somehing to spare ; which brought to a. close one of the best meetings ever held on tlira Plemington course. At a meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club, on Tuesday evening, at Craig's Koyal Hotiil , Messrs Craig, Duffy, Trench, Leonard onid Moore were appointed a sub- committee to maki a arrangements to postpone the races, if advisa - ble, in order to secure th'o attendance d f H.lt.H the Duke of Edinburgh. Messrs Hunl , Steinfeld and Davey were elected new mom - bors. , The adjourned annual meeting of the Smi e Turf Club took place on Monday, at the Royal Exchange Hotel ; Mr Wm. Peorscp presiding. There were likewise present Mesf ors Bennison, Robertson, Campbell, Butler, Let \y bridge, Montgomery, Cuninghamo, A. L. Pe£ ir son and Peck. After some preliminary matte krs had been disposed of, the meeting proceed' I d to the appointment of a committee of manag} o menfc for the ensuing year, and on a baity ot being taken, tho following gentlemen were c?i 3 C'laraa elected : — Messrs AY. T. Dawson, Joli n Campbell, James Douglas, D. M'Leod, Wn u Thomson, W. B. Cuninghamo, Wm. Pearsoi l, J. C. J. Johnson, Win. Montgomery and Jam- s Poik. It was arranged that the secretai! y should conveno a meeting of the committee t -f management for the 18th inst. A proper, and in this country, a novel acti o\ l has been taken by the Flomington Hunt. Ov tho 7th inst. a number of tho farmers of, tlie district in which tho Flomington pn ck . himta, assembled by invitation to meet i |io | Master of tho hounds nnil the other gontlom-3 n I at the hunt at dinner, at Wood's Essendon Hotel. Mr J. T. Smith, M.L.A., presided with characteristic urbanity. A capital dinner was provided, and when it was disposed of, a va riety of speeches were made, all indicative of amity to the hunt, and a due appreciation of Sam Waldock's numerous good qualities a3 a sportsman. The party did not break up until a late hour. Such meetings as this are very useful as tending to bring the farming and the sporting classes together, and to cause each to act towards the other with a proper considera tion. A public meeting of the inhabitants of Alexandrawasheldon Tuesday, 5th November, to take steps to procure a racecourse, Mr J. A. Cooper in the chair. Mr Milligan moved, Mr P. Power seconded, that a memorial be sent to the President of Land and Works, requesting a grant of land for a racecourse and recreation ground for the use 'of the inhabitants of Alexandra, and that the memorial be sent through tho Separation and Progress Com mittee. Carried. Mr Patton moved, and Mr Raphael seconded, ' That the following gentle men form a committee to select a piece of ground for the purpose : — Messrs H. Perkins, P. Power, M. Brown, J. A. Cooper, H. Kanne giesser, and the mover.' Carried. After some discussion, it»was decided that the com mittee call on Mr Nixon, the District Surveyor, and request his assistance. Mr Henry Perkins was appointed Treasurer, and Mr H. Kannegiesser Secretary, 