FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1867. It is impossible to review the pro; ceeding8 of the session which has been just brought to such an unsatisfactory termination without arriving at the con- clusion that inconsequential bores have been a greater nuisance than during any former Parliamentary period. Never was so much time wasted, and never was legislation so hindered, from this cause as during the last session. Not a subject came on for discussion that one or the other of the family of bores did not take advantage of the occasion to weary and disgust theHouse. They must say something on the matter whotherthey had anything to say or not. Sometimes it was a briefless or all but briefless bar- rister, who remembered a case in his I own experience which .would at once i illustrate Lis views OB the subject, and forthwith, the House was treated to a lengthened detail of all the particulars of the case Shvße v. Bußns, in which either plaintiff or defendant was so un- fortunate as to have retained the ser- vices of the orator who now re fought his wordy battle o'er again. At other times an attorney, with as many clients as his friend the barristor had briefs, would insist upon setting the House right upon every conceivable point, from the future operation of the pro- posed Publicans Act to the duties of a messenger or the cut of his coat, and would assure hon. members that, from the opportunities he had had of being behind the scenes, and from being the profes- sional confidant of a large number of faniilies, he was in a position authorita- tively to state the whole social aspect of the question. Then there are other bores who, not so puffed up with self esteem as the two classes already alluded to, are yet scarcely less obnoxious. These persist in using language wholly un- fitted for a deliberative assembly, which is only tolerated by the moro in- telligent members of the House out of pity for tho persons so disgracing themselves, or from a praiseworthy anxiety to avoid a degrading scene. Not the least remarkable characteristic of these bores is the persistence with which they always insist upon the accu- racy of their own ideas, and their own alone. Perfect neophytes, some of them, in Parliamentary life, they hold the Speaker an infinitely inferior authority to themselves in Parliamentary law, and neither Ministers nor ex-Ministers know anything of Parliamentary proceedings as compared with these self-constituted authorities. Notorious amongst the bores of the session have been Messrs. G. P. SMITH, M'KEAN, and M'LELLAN. The latter perhaps the least offonsive of the trio we are sorry to have to include in the list ; for occasionally his remarks are cha- racterised by sound common sense. He has a very fair appreciation of the wants of the community, and were it not for his peculiar idiosyncracies, which en- tirely overshadow all his better qualities, he might be a valuable member. But Mr. M'LELLAN has to learn that although the eccentricities in which he so frequently indulges may provoke a laugh, yet that his best friends cannot but be pained at seeing him so frequently degrade both his position and himself. He has gained a character for honesty of purpose, but that does not justify him in outraging all the proprieties of debate, and occasion- ally turning the Chamber in which he holds a seat into a veritable bear-garden. By such conduct he not only lowers his own character, but he inflicts serious injury upon the cause he advocates and the party to which he belongs. But Messrs. SMITH and M'KEAN arc far more offensive than Mr. M'LELLAN, and with far less excuse. They both pretend to superior training and educa- tion, and presume upon their professional status to be considered gentlemen. There is no doubt that Mr. G-. P. SMITH has done more to hinder the progress of legislation during the last session than any other member of the Assembly. He has always had a crotchet of his own to start, always something of no value to suggest, and his sole aim appears to have been to induce the Assembly to take him at his own estimate. This gentleman is, no doubt, to be pitied. He seems to havo ever held an inordinate opinion of his own talents and capabili- ties, and this has unfortunately blinded him to the position he really occupies. Ambition is not the crime of great men only; very little ones occasionally in- dulge in the same failing, and Mr. G. P. SMITH is one of these. Anxious to make a prominent figure himself, he would render everyone else subservient to his wishes, and thus he brings forward charges against his fellow members with the utmost recklessness. In fact, he ap- pears to revel in an atmosphere o political impurity. Ho talks abou labels on other men's backs, utterly un conscious of the glaring signboard he himself carries about in his daily perambulations. He should remember the character which attaches to the man who attempts to " Build his name On ruins of another's fame." To say the least, it is not an enviable one. So far as he was able to prove, the charges brought hy him against his brother legislators were wholly un- tenable, and he appeared to be solely indebted to his imagination for his facts. It would be only tedious to tell the hours and days which Mr. SwiTn wasted during the last session in his chivalrous attempts upon the reputation of others and his shufiling with charges directed against him- self. He indulged in an unseemly squabble in the House, which, with greater propriety, should have taken place in the prize-ring, and then when ordered by the vote of the House to apologise, was destitute of the necessary manliness to enahlo him to do so. His boast when returned to the Assembly was, that he was elected as against his opponent by the respectable and intelligent por- tion of the constituency of South Bourke. How proud they must be of their respectable and intelligent representative we hesitate to say. Mr. M'KEAIÍ is amenable to many of the remarks which apply to Mr. G. P. SMITH. He has a most un- happy propensity of always interfering with things he imperfectly understands, and at precisely the wrong time. He has made more motions that have never been seconded than any other member, and quite sufficient to for ever crush any less irrepressible individual. He labours under the absurd delusion that he is particularly intimate with every question that is brought forward, and fancies that because he is a high, he must of necessity be a good authority. Although a frightful nuisance, these bores aro in reality to a great extent in the hands of the House, The Assembly has hitherto been far too lenient to | them, and if they will not consent to mend their c ways-if they will not at least try to see themselves as others see them-they must be put down. The Assembly must resolutely refuse to hear them, and tho adoption of such a course is probably the only means by which these gushing legislators can be brought i to a sense of their true position. It is evident that, if the nuisance bo tolerated -if bores are to'become a standing Parliamentary institution-then there is an end to all hope of progressive and beneficial legislation. It is one unhappy result of our in- cessant political distractions that prac- tical reforms are either ineffectually attempted or indefinitely postponed. Could we for a time attend to the real business of government, the convict b\ stem of this countiy could not long continue to bo mismanaged as it is at present. Two pressing considerations urgently call for its amendment. On the one hand, crime in such a com- munity as ours is far too prevalent and has for a long time been but in- adequately coped with by the terrors of the law. We want, therefore, some means by which punishment can be made a serious matter, and our criminal population impressed with the convic- tion that the state prison is neither a pleasant place to get into, nor an easy place to get out of. On the other hand, the revenue of the country is rapidly falling off, and we are sure before long to be hard pushed to raise means for the necessary expenditure. Hitherto wo have failed, notwithstand- ing a great outlay, to make secondary punishments sufficiently formidable to criminals, and one of the first requisites of an effective system is to render penal servitude a serious reality, as well by in- creasing the length of the periods of ser- vice as by making the " hard labour " more a productive reality than it is at present. Is it possible so to dispose of our convicts as to make the penal system more formidable to them and less for- midable to the country 1 Can we make prisoners support themselves and leave society, unbiassed by any prudential re- gard to economy, to exact whatever length of servitude may be found necessary for effectually repressing crime and reforming criminals ? So long as we keep- eight hundred prisoners boring away over one quarry at Pentridge, we need not expect any sub- stantial reform. There is nothing there for the men to do except keep repairing, extending, altering, and embellishing the establishment, that it has tasked the energies of the convicts of tliis colony for the last fifteen years to bring to its present state of perfection. We shall still have to +TY. honest citizens to pay for the fee j, clothing, and guard- ing of these unprofitable men, whoso strength and energies are displayed only in attacking society, and whose exer- tions are now entirely exhausted on that work of " building themselves " in " which two years ago we were told was to be finished by this time. We shall still have yearly to note the anomalous fact that whereas 800 strong workmen outside Pent- ridge would earn at a low esti- mate £00,000 a year, the 800 inside its walls realise only the value of some £11,000. When we complain of this puzzling and expensive state of affairs, we are told by the authorities, who take a just pride in the exact dis- cipline of that establishment, that any change would only involve further loss, and that it would cost more to guard con- victs on public works than their labour would réalise in return. The details of a penal system are understood by few outsiders, and the public are rather at fault in arguing the subject with offi- cials. But there is always this striking fact to be explained, that in other coun- tries, where labour is cheap, convicts aro made self-supporting, and some- times even a source of revenue to the state. We have before us the report for 1866 on the convict establishment at Gibraltar, and from it we gather some weighty facts, as well as some valuable observations, on convict labour by tho . comptroller, Mr. BLAIR. The average daily number of convicts for the year was 460, and the estimated value of their labour is £15,037 the rates of wages at Gibraltar being, for artisans 4s., and for labourers 2s, a-day. The returns also show that it was by no means mere rough labour that was ob- tained from the men. Stonecutter's work to the value of £1,494, smith's to that of £1,052, and miner's of no less than £2,528, was executed to the com- plete satisfaction of the officers of the Boyal Engineers, who were in charge. From the deputy comptroller's re- port we learn the nature of ( the public works on which the men were engaged. Some of these evidently demanded skill as well as labour, while others were rough and unpleasant, ap- portioned, we presume, to the less de- serving convicts. We cannot illustrate tho subject better than by extracting from the report examples of each. "At " the Moorish Castle Tank," we read, " an average of forty-four men have " been employed forming and concroting " catch-water slopes, building walls, " erecting machinery, and laying down " pipes, building a house to enclose turn " cocks, building a cottage, concreting " ravine and magazine yard, new tiling the "roof of the receiving-tank, and re " building the filtering tanks." Further on, we find the particulars of a far from pleasant job, but ono withal not unsuitable for men whoso labour is meant to be a punishment. " At " the Wellington ditch thirty-nine men " were at work opening and cutting " drains, and conveying the decom -" posed matter to the sea. This work " was so very offensive that, as I am " credibly informed, no one could bo " found to take a contract to do it ; tho " stench was so great that the officers' " watches and money blackened in their " pockets. Dr. STOKES, the health "officer of the Sanitary Commission, " on visiting the place, expressed hi3 " surprise to find that the men could bo " got to work there at all." And Mr. BLAIR, after combating tho notion that convict labour must neces- sarily be unremunerative, goes on to sum up his opinion in language so pointed and so pregnant with instruc- tion for us in Victoria, that we must allow hiin to speak for himself. "I am confident," he declares, "I " could, from the body of prisoners, " select four-fifths whom I could " pit against any equal number of free " men, upon any work required at "' Gibraltar, provided always that they " should be employed exclusively under " the directions of their own oflicors. " And I wish to add, that I am anxious " and quite ready to put it to further " proof, either in the execution of the " works about to bo commenced by the <( Sanitary Commissioners, or at any -" time and in any way that may be . " deemed desirable or expedient." Some explanation of this satisfactory state of affairs is afforded by the fact, that not alone is the " mark system" in force at Gibraltar, and so the men enabled to AYork their own way out of prison, but -that industry is directly exacted and enforced as well as indirectly encouraged. They aro evidently not satisfied there to settle the question of convict labour by simply saying that you cannot get prisoners to exert themselves. We ob- serve from the returns that, during the year 1866, 131 men were punished for idleness and five for malingering. To whatever quarter of the world wo turn we find penal systems established that are a standing rebuke to Victoria. Not that any one will dispute the sym- metrical order and compactness into which Colonel CnAMP's skilful manage- ment has brought Pentridge ; but the unproductive and undeterring system that he has to manage ought not much longer to burden the taxpayers of this .colony. "With a country where labour is so dear, and where so much rough hard work is to be done, we surely ought to be able to find plenty of tough and useful labour for convicts, in toiling at which they would benefit the colony, and, if sufficiently industrious, be able -to earn something with which to begin life again when they obtained, what is now to many of them, the very doubtful .blessing of freedom. Information was received by the Govern- ment by despatches' by the last mail, to tho effect that the Nelson, steam frigate, would in all probability sail for this colony about ihe end of August. She was detained wait- ing for the six 300-pound guns ordered for the shore defences here, which she will bring out in order to save freight. The ciew, however, had not been engaged, so that no expense was being incurred. One or two alterations and improvements had also been suggested in the boilers and machinery of tho Nelson, and advantage was being takpn of the delay to carry them into effect. Wo aro informed that lhere is no truth in the report that the Nelson was rotten and but little worth. During the thorough overhaul which she underwent only two or three pieces of un- bound timber were discovered, and theso were all removed. The plans and drawings for the iron turret ship had been prepared by the Admiralty, and submitted to Major Pasley, and he had taken tho best unofficial professional opinion upon them which was to be obtained in tho United Kingdom. Only a few trifling improvements were suggested, and these are to bo carried out. Tenders for the construction of the vessel were to be immediately called for, and it ia said that when finished tho Victorian turret ship will be one of the finest, if not the finest, vessel in tho world, She will be armed with four 000-pound guns, and is es- timated lo cost £120,000. Beforo any tender is accepted it will be sent to Major Pasley for his approval. It appears that great dissatisfaction has been caused amongst the winners of medals at the Paris Exhibition, in consoquenco of the Imperial commission having sold tho right of reproducing the design of tho medal to one firm, so that all medallists desiring to advertise the distinction conferred upon then), or to print the medal on their show cards or labels, must pay through the nose for the privilego. The following is the notice issued by the firm referred to : "Notice to Exhibitors.-The Mejlals.-The jurors' awards and medals and honorary men- tions w11 be published in a few days, and duly notified to tho successful exhibitors. 'Hie copyright of the medal being vested in ns by tho Imperial commission, and fully secured for the United Kingdom (13 and 14 Yict., cop. 10-1, and at Stationers'^hall), wo havo the exclusive right to publish faa simile copies of the medal, as well as to supply all reproductions of the design, by every process of printing, photography, embossing, electro typing, or otherwise, Exhibitors desirous of introducing the medal on their show-cards, labels, or other printing, should favour ns with instructions immediately on receipt of notice of award.-J. DE JOHNSON AND SONS, Sole Concessionaires." A deputation, consisting of Mr. J. Corloy, manager, and one of tho directors of tho City of Melbourne Gold-mining Company, Ballarat, yesterday waited upon the bon. tho Miuistei of Mines, for the purpose of protest- ing against the issue of a lease to the Hand and Band Company of a piece of ground out- side the Park-reserve, which the former com- pany claimed on the ground of pro- occupancy under miners' rights. Tho leaso objected io was about to bo granted under the arrangement recommended by tho Min- ing Commission, which ignored tho City .of Melbourne Company. Tho deputation submitted that the Hand and Band Com- pany ought, if their title to tho ground tros as bad as they alleged it to be, to insti- tude a suit against them in the Warden's Couit; for trespass, and asked if it was the intention of the Government to introduce any legislative measure which would affect the validity of the title to the ground in dis. pute. Mr. Macgregor said that any measure the Government brought in would bo of gene- ral application. Mr. Corley, after mention- ing that the City of Melbourne Company had hien working the ground three weeks bofore the other company made application for a lease, asked if, in the event of the lease being granted to the Hand and Band Company, it would be issued next Friday. Mr. Macgregor replied, that the Government never gave information on such points lest it should lead to improper practices. Ho was pro pared to receive any petition that might ho sent in, but ho could not say that a petition would stay the action of tho depart- ment. In answer to Mr. Brough Smyth, Mr. Corley said the company applied for registra- tion, and were refused because the registrar said the plans showed a parallel of tho Band of Hope Company ; but registration was not necessary under the Ballarat bye-laws, and the City of Melbourne Company hold the ground beforo the Mining Commission was ap- pointed. Mr. Macgregor remarked that the company liad had two months in which to test their legal rights. The deputation replied that they would ho no mateh for thoir oppo- nents in expensive litigation. In answer to 0- further question, Mr. Macgregor declinefl to insert any special clause in the lease to Protect the rights of the City of Melbourno Company, and said tho leaso would bo issued m the usual way. After some further con- versation the deputation, which was intro- duced by Mr. M'Lellan, M.L.A., withdrew. The race of the tea-clippers, from Foo-chow 00 to hondón, this season, promises to bo a J wy closely contested affair. Wo observe Hiat the Taeping passed Anjor on tho 27th of June, followed by the Fiery Cross on the 1st w July. Tho Ariel came noxt, on the 4th of i,y'ioUowed nexfc dftyh?tho Whito Addor ; "»Jnitsing, which sailed from Foo-chow on «e loth of May, and tho Yangtze and Black Prince, which sailed together on the 12th, nil passed An jcr on the 14th of July. The China- man followed on the 18th of July. Tbo Pall Mall Gazette, writing on tho death of Maximilian, gives ,tho following as tho "other sido" of the question, or rather as tho argument advanced hy those who con- tend that Maximilian is alono responsible for his own fato :- " ' Well, but how about this murder of Maximilian?' 'Why, you see, on the 3rd of October, 1805, Maximilian signed and promulgated a decreo denouncing all tho opponents of his Government as rebels, to ho tried as such by court-martial, and if found guilty to be shot within twenty-one hours ; and, before tho month was out, actually put the savago edict into execution. Colonel llamón Méndez, defeated at Amatalan a Republican force of 1,000 men, and took pri- soners General Arteaga, General Salazar, and four colonels. No officers in the army wero moro distinguished and íespected than Ar- teaga and Salazar. Nevertheless, in accord- ance with Maximilian's decree, they and their companions were shot in cold blood as rebels. Ono of tho men who suffeied on the occasion was a near relativo of Juarez, The tables have sinco been turned, and the measure which Maximilian meted out to others has now been meted out to him. War is a fear- ful game, and thoso who choose to play it with unnecessary severity can expect no mercy themselves when the chance goes against them." The following suggestive paragraph is taken from tho IIomeNcws :-"Til Follow Thee !' is the designation of a cartoon in a lato num- ber of tho Tomahawk. It lepresents tho Prince of Wales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as IToratio, is holding him back from pursuing tho ghost of Georgo IV., to whom the Princo is saying, 'I'll follow IhcoT 'The inference is obvious, and tho publication of such a picturo is surely a, sign of tho times ; for tho Tomaliawk (says tho Flaneur in the Star) is by no means " a low Radical paper." It is another sign of the times, which will probably have been noticed by those whoso inclination, or whoso duty prompts their attendance at public dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocativo of enthusiasm, is now received with comparative coldness, the mention of the name of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sym- pathy and personal attachment. Qui vivra vena.'" A valuable book has been presented to tho Public Library by the lion. G. F. Verdon. It is entitled :-Tables of t/ie Results of a Serie» of Experiments on the Strength of British, Colonial, and other Woods Exhibited at the International Exhibition, 1862. Made at the South Kensington Museum, by Captain Fowke, U.E., with his report on similar ex- periments in 1855. The usual weekly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday, at the board- room of that institution ; the Hon. George Harker occupied the chair. Present-Messrs. O'Brien, Barwise, Cote, Uailcs, M'Pherson, Tankard, Professor Wilson, and Dr. Farrago. Tho business was almost entirely of a routine nature. An enlargement of the superin- tendent's quarters was resolved upon. Thirty sc^ en persons applied for assistance, of whom sixteen wero admitted into the institution. Three men died during tho past week, and an inquest upon one of ' them will be held this morning. One hundred and soventy-oight persons aro at present in the hospital of tho institution, and the superintendent's reports gives a total of 456 inmates for the past week. The fifth annual meeting of the supporters of the Deaf and Dumb Institution was held lost evening, in the school building of the institution, St. Kilda- road, and was numer- ously attended. In tho absence of His Ex- cellency the Governor, who was unable to be present, the lion. Mr. Fraser was called to the chair. The report, read by the Rev. Mr. Moss, hon. secretary, gave an encou- raging account of the progress made by the institution ; and a number of the pupils wero put through an interesting examination, which sufficiently proved the degree to which they had profited by the instruction thoy had leceived. An,, adjourned meeting was hold, at the Convent of Mercy, Nicholson-stieet, yester- day afternoon, with reference to the proposed bazaar in aid of the St, Vincent do Paul Orphonogc, Emerald-hill. A large number of ladies wero present. AU those present entered cordially into the proposal, and it was resolved that the bazaar should bo hold in St George's-hall, on a date to be afterwards fixed. The following ladies have intimated their willingness to keep stalls :-Mrs. Lane, Mrs. Norton, Mrs. Dyro, Mrs. Palmor, Misses O'Hara, Mrs. Harris, Mrs. Quirk, Misses Hayes, Miss Counsil, Miss Flanagan, Mrs. Hanna, Mrs. Fausset, Miss Taylor, Mrs. Champ, Mrs. Sheahan, Mrs. Doolan, Miss M. Counsil, Miss Ward, and Mrs. Hepburn. Wo may stato that nearly 300 destitute children are supported at the orphanage, and that it is necessary to raiso a consider- able sum to enable the managers of tho in- stitution to claim tho Government grant. An institution which performs so great and yet so unobtrusive a work as the mainte- nance of 300 orphans deserves the recogni- tion and support of the philanthropic por- tion of tho community. The second annual meeting of the Na- tional Building and Investment Society was held last night, at the offices, Collins-street east. The report submitted by the com- mittee stated that the second year's opera- tions of the society had been attended with very encouraging results. During that period seventy- seven and a half shares had been sold, at an average premium of £21 11s. per share. At tho commencement of tho year l,058i shares constituted the society. Nine shares had been since redeemed, 465 shares withdrawn, and fifteen shares forfeited, making together 489 shares, which de- ducted from the abovo, left 1.109J shares; 191J of which had been satisfied, the remain- ing 978 being the investing shares now held in tho society. Tbo balance-sheet which ac- companied the report, showed a profit on the two years' transactions of £6,02912s. 2d., equal to' £6 3s. lgd. por share. Tho report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted ¡ and the following wore elected members of com- mittee to fill up vacancies :-Messrs. Bosisto, Lewis, Le Cren, Barrett, and Young. Bofore tho business of the meeting commenced ton and a half shares wero sold, at a premium of £20 Is. per sharo. It was announced that the month's receipts had amounted to £767. Tho manifestation of party feeling at tho Richmond Council-board has become so dominant as to precludo the transaction of public business. Tho ostensible motive of complaint put forward by a section of tho council is the omission of a protest against the anticipated proceedings of a special moot- ing of the council from tho minutes of such meeting ; but it is quite apparent the true cause of obstruction is based upon rancorous opposition in tho selection of a fitting sito for a new town-hall. The nature of tho prosont dispute may he briefly stated. Mr. Griffiths (the mayor) had applied to the council for leave of absence to visit Europe, and it had been determined to entertain the application at tho next ordinary meeting of the council (the 29th ult.) In the meantime suspicion was aroused that a section, of the council would provo antagonistic to receiving Mr. Griffiths' application, and it afterwards tran- spired that the line of tactics to bo pursued by tho obstructionists was Bimply to retire from, tho chamber whenever the application was brought forrard for consideration. As their withdrawal would prevent the formation of a quorum, no business could bo transacted ; and if Mr. Griffiths absented himself from four consecutive meetings, according to the pro- visions of the Municipal Act his seat would _bccomc forfeited. In order to chccítmato this manouvre, and as Mr. Griffiths was anxious to leave the colony' by the last out-going mail, a special meet- ing of the council was summoned on the 24th ult. to he held on the 28th. On the 2Gth ult., a protest of the anticipated proceedings of the special meeting, signed hy three coun- cillors, was delivered to Dr. Stewart, who had been elected mayor in the room of Mr. Griffiths. The special meeting was held, and leave of absenco for six months was granted to Mr. Griffiths. Dr, Stewart, as chairman of the council, con- sidered the document placed in his hands on the 26th ult. to be an illogical presumption, and accordingly refused to insert the protest in the minutes of the special meeting. So the matter rested until last evening, when the ordinary meeting of the council should have been held, As soon,» however, as Dr. Stewart called upon the town clerk to read the minutes of the special meeting of the 28th ult. Councillor Egan bounced from his seat, denounced the minutes as informal and illegal, and, striking the council-board witli his clenched fist, declared them "to bear alio on their face." The chairman ruled Councillor Egan out of order, and stated ho would not tolerate any discussion on tho matter except such as bore immediato reference to tho validity of the minutes. The special meeting had been called in strict accordance with the conditions set forth in the 130th and 138th sections of tho Municipal Act, 18G3, which provided that "three or moro" councillors can call a special meeting, irrespective of the onthority of the mayor. Councillor Egan re- plied in most indecorous terms, and con- cluded by a laudatory apostrophe to his own judicial prescience in matters muni- cipal for the past eleven years. Coun- cillor Egan afterwards left tho cham- ber, and was immediately followed by Councillor Bosisto and other members. Tim remaining councillors not being suffi- cient to form a quorum, there was no busi- ness transacted. One of the consequences re- sulting from this meaningless squabble is the infliction of great misery and inconvenience among the families of the small contractors and labourers employed by the council, who cannot rccoivo their wages until the money be voted. . At Prahran, yesterday, a special meeting was held for the election of an auditor for the borough, in the room of Mr. Le Cren, resigned. Mr. F. Peterson nominated Mr. Peter Cerutty for the office. There being no other gentleman proposed, Mr. Cerutty was declared duly elected. A concert of sacred music took place last evening, in the Weslcyan Church, Richmond, in aid of the building fund. There was a fair attendance, there being about 200 peoplo present. The programme consisted of selec- tions from Handel, Haydn, Mozart, Men- delssohn, and other composers; and there being among the performers some acknow- ledged favourites, who wero well supported by o good chorus, the various pieces wero rendered in a manner that could not fail to give satisfaction. Tho efforts of Miss Mortley and Miss Ivey were especially applauded, as well as those of Mr. G. F. South, who pre- sided at the organ with his usual ability. Mr. H. Wilson is also deserving of praise, for the creditable manner in which he performed the duties devolving upon him as conductor. A soirée was held yesterday evening, at the Mariners' Church, Beach-street, Sandridge, a place of worship, as its name indicates, chiefly for the sailors frequenting tho port. There was a largo attendance, thoso present appearing to enjoy themselves. After tea Captain Dalgarno took the chair; and ad- dresses wore delivered by Captains M'Callum and Brodie, tho Ecv. Mr. Johnson, and others, in which the speakers dwelt upon tho services rendered by the mission, and the necessity that existed to maintain it. In the Supremo Court, in banco, a consider- able list of business was got through yester- day, In ex parte Ludovic Marie in re Pryde v. Marie, a rule nisi, to compel a magistrate to state a case, was refused on the materials before the Court. In ex parte O. W. Lewis in re the Independent Qttaria Company v. Lctoin, a rule nisi for prohibition to the police magistrate at Ballarat was refused, as a less fit remedy than ccrtiorari. In the Colonial Bank v. Cherry, leave was given to appeal to the Privy Council. In Leith v. Atkinson a rule nisi was made absolute to enter the verdict for the plaintiff on one count, notwithstand- ing the finding of tho jury for tho defendant. In Smith v. Godfrey, in which an attorney's clerk got a verdict for £100 against his late master for slander, but in which the Court had suggested a reduction of the damages by £50, the defendant could not stomach making an apology, and preferred conscientiously to persist in his imputations and pay tho extra £00. It is said that the defendant would havo given the £50, if ho had saved it, to charitable institutions, and that plaintiff now means to do the same with the whole £100. In Webster v. Johnstone tho Court reserved judgment on a demurrer. In. Masterton v. Gibney a rulo nisi, obtained by defendant to reduce the verdict of -tho jury to £115, was dis- charged. In Tlie Queen v. Murphy and others, a reserved case arising out of tho larcenies on tho ship Gothenburg, judg- ment was reserved. In The Queen v. John- stone, a reserved case arising ,:it of the larceny of a watch from the dead body of one of tho would-bo prize-fight spectators who wero drowned at Dromana, the con. viction was affirmed. In tho case of in re the Perseverance Company, proceedings on an invalid winding-up order were quashed. In Simrlinff v. Wilson, an appeal from an order of magistrates dismissing a scab caso was dismissed with costs. In The Queen v. Andrews, a quo warranta case, judgment was reserved. Mr. Justico Molesworth yesterday, in the Equity Court, confirmed the decision of the Chief Commissioner in Insolvency refusing a certificate of discharge to Phillip Murray, a storekeeper at Scarsdale. The insolvent had about six weeks before tho sequestration given a bill of salo over part of his pro- perty to one of his creditors, in pursuanoo of a promise mado somo months pre- viously. This his Honour held to bo a fraudulent preference within the meaning of the statute, which required that for such an offenco tho certificate should bo refused. Rules nisi for the sequestration of the estates of Chas. F. Lane and Georgo Kingsland wero mado absolute. A caso of a somewhat unusual character was tried yesterday in tho County Court, in Barrett v. Robinson, in winch the plaintiff, a journeyman carpenter, had originally sued on a bill of particulars .as for work usually performed by proctors, bailiffs, process servers, and tho professors of the privat» inquiry system, which has a worse name in England than it has latterly borno here, since being so well patronised in divorce cases. The caso had been previously twice brought beforo a court of competent jurisdic- tion, and the plaintiff then nonsuited. The terms on which tho plaintiff based his claim had varied in both of those, and on tbo pro sent occasion, from £214s. down to£2awcek. The present bill of particulars road as fol- lows :-" Geo. Robinson, Dr. to Geo. Barrett -To ten weeks services performed for you at your request, serving citations on the parties in your divorce suit, finding witnesses in your case, making searches required by you, accom- panying you to different placea at your re- quest, moving goods to your house, making journeys to Flemington and Kensington, at the rate agreed on, viz., £2 14s. a wcok, £27 ;, and tho plaintiff abandons tho excess over £19 19s., and only seeks to recover from tho defendant £19 19s. "i Tho defence was that there had been no retainer of plaintiff's, ser- vices, nor any agreement to pay him fin fact.lthat plaintiff had merely hod some other business to attend to in which they wero jointly interested ; that having casually men- tioned tbo divorce difficulty to plaintiif, the latter thereafter stuck to defendant like a leech, followed bim like his shadow, and drank at his expenso like a sponge as long as defendant would | pay the score ; in fact, ho so intru- sively busied himself with the defendant's | divorce case that the latter at length shook | him off, feeling that plaintiff's presence op- pressed him with the belief that plaintiff was "actually making himself sole executor of defendant's affairs." The judge commented upon the nature of tho employment which plaintiff had taken up, and said that it was a class of business which ho should very much wish to discourage. He thought there was no contract, no agreement by the defendant to pay the plaintiif, although it might have been intended to give him a gra- tuity on the conclusion of tho divorce suit, no would allow the plaintiff nothing. Ver- dict for the defendant. A man named John Ronald M'Donald was arrested yesterday by Detective Duncan, on tho charge of forgery and uttering in New South Wales in 1865. Ho was only discharged from Pentridge a few hours before his arrest. The detectivo police require an owner for three silver spoons, marked E. D. G., found in the possession of the lad Bailey, who was recently convicted for stealing from the mili- tary barracks at Prince's-hridge. A lad named nenry Dunn met with a rather severo accident at Fitzroy yesterday. Ho was playing among tho cabs near the Birmingham Hotel, when the wheel of one of the vehicles passed over his leg, causing a compound fracture of tho limb. Ho was immediately conveyed to the hospital, and is now doing well. A new church was opened at Donnybrook on Sunday, by the Bishop of Melbourne. Service was held in tho morning and after- noon. Collections were made in aid of tho church at both services. Information was received by the July mail that Messrs. Dalgety, Ibbotson, and Co. were superintending tho shipping of the peal of bells for-St. Paul's Church, Geelong, per tho Damascus, which would leave in August. The man Bramley, who had his limb am- putated in tho Geelong Hospital, is progress- ing favourably. Our Geelong correspondent was wrongly informed respecting his de- mise, A man named A. J. Willis, stated to he a relativo of the bank defaultor, was brought up at the Police Court, Geelong, yesterday, on a charge of uttering a cheque to Mr. P. K. Moore, Emerald-hill, and was remanded to that municipality on the charge. The manner in which a coach-driver " took it out of " a passenger who refused payment of fare is thus related by the Daylesford MX press :-" On Tuesday night a fellow took passage in Cobb's coach for Daylesford, but got out at Porter's Hotel, and refused to pay his fare. Buck, the driver, gavo the stranger the alternative of handing over the money or a sound thrashing, Electing the latter, Buck, though a small man, fulfilled his pledge to the letter, hut dislocated tho knuckles of ono hand in doing so. The passenger, however, gave the driver a scalp wound with a stone." A coroner's inquiry was hold at Huntly on Wednesday into the cause of death of Thomas M 'Grath, who was killed in Juno last by the flooding and sinking of the ground in Britt's alluvial claim, Huntly. Tho body of the deceased had not been recovered, but when it is a formal inquest will he held, and the evidence taken on Wednesday will be referred to. The coroner expressed the opinion that the flood was caused by the race and bursting of tho dam of the Cam- bridge Company, and said that ho con- sidered it proved that the bank was quite unfit to hold any largo quantity of water, and he should report this to the Govern- ment. However, ho would re-open tho in- quiry if tho manager of that company had any witnesses to bring forward to answer any evidence that ho might think injuriously affected the company. A visit has been paid to the dense forest that clothes Mount Macedon by Messrs. Ligar, Hodgkinson, Brough Smyth, and Couchman, the board appointed for the con- servation of state forests, who went there on Tuesday for tho purpose of inspection, and to decide upon the reservation of an extensive tract as a timber reserve. Tho latest novelty in what has been called tho "genteel jumping line" is reported from Alexandra, where it appears that an am- bitious individual has been "tryingon" for theground on which an hotel has bceurcccntly erected, and has served the owner with a Warden's Court summons to show cause why ho should not be turned out. A public, meeting of inhabitants of Hep- burn was to bo held last evening, to concert measures for making tho local mineral spring of some use to the public. Tho Malmsbury Borough Council have been desirous that the îacecourse should bo vested in thom, and endeavoured to oppose an at- tempt lately made to have additional trustees appointed in room of some who havo vacated office through various causes. In this thoy wero not successful; and Mr. F. E. Adamson, their clerk, having accepted office as a trustee and secretary to tho trustees, tho council on Tuesday night passed a resolution that he must either give up his connexion with the racecourse or tho council. The person who recently inserted an adver- tisement in the Mansfield Courier, promising to marry any "eligible female, spinster or widow," who would solve a problem about putting twenty-ono horses into six stables, each to contain an odd number, now writes to the same paper tp say that, although ho has received numerous communications in reply to his advertisement, the question is still unsolved. Thero is, he says, no catch or quibble in the problem, which is simply and honestly a mathematical proposition, capable of being worked out scientifically. Ho reite- rates his promise to marry tho first woman of a "mathematical turn" who shall solve the problem unaided, and, os guaran too of his bona fides, encloses his name and address to the editor of the paper. According to tho Ballarat Courier, "some amusing scenes occurred at tho meeting of the Great Western Company, held on Wed- nesday. The following caused loud and prolonged laughter ¡-During some confusion a Mr, Wilson ruado a remark. Mr. Loos said, 'You aro not'of ago.' Mr. Wilson-'Mr. Chairman.' Mr. Lees-'I object to him speaking ; he is not of age.' Mr. Wilson then went on to refer to the business before the meeting, when he was again interrupted by Mr. Hartland, who said, ' I will object if Mr. Wilson moves anything ; ho is an infant' (loud laughter). Mr. Wilson-'Upon what authority do you make that statement? ' Mr. Hartland-' Upon your brother's.' Mr. Wil- son-'He does not know what age lam.' Mr. Hartland-'Ho said ho was present at your birth.' Mr. Boyd moved 'That they adjourn tho meeting, to allow Mr. Wilson to becomo of age.'" Not seconded. Mr. Wilson -'Whether I am a minor or not, I will speak against dishonesty and -roguery.' Mr. Hartland-'Do you apply thoso words to me?' Mr. Wilson-'I am speaking to the chairman.' Hero moro interruptions occur- red, and after a little dolay the business was gone on with." Somo hindranco was occasioned at the last meeting of the Maryborough Council by a discussion arising out of tho fact that two of the attendant burgesses (Messrs. Garland and Samuel), not content with remaining in Hie part of the hall appropriated to them, went and seated themselves in that occupied by tho council. One of them, on tho matter being alluded to, retired ; but tho other (Mr. Samuel) became deeply absorbed in a newspaper, and persisted iii remaining, even after his "clfair was removed from him. A miner named James Davenport lost Ids life on Monday while at work at tho bottom of a shaft in the claim of the Magnum Bonum Company, Chinaman's-ilat. A truck, which became disconnected from- the skip, fell on the unfortunate man with such violenco as to kill him on tho spot. The jury found that the occurrence was accidental. , A fatal accident occurred on the Woodford road, near Warrnambool, on last Saturday evening, when Donald M'Swain, a labourer, while riding from Warrnambool fell from his horse, and sustained injuries from which he died the next day. The Kyneton Observer reports that the annual champion ploughing match in con- nexion with the Kyneton Agricultural Associa- tion was held on Wednesday, at Carlsruhe, on the farm of Mr. Darby. Notwithstanding the wet day, there was an attendance of nearly 400 persons present, mostly farmers. The ploughing was of the first quality ; tho first prize, £15 and the society's gold medal, for all comers, being indisputably won by Mr. Herd, of Barrabool-hill?, near Geelong, who ploughed with strange horses, which wero lent him by Mr. Hodge, of Greenhill ; tho second prize, £10, being secured by Mr. Archibald Yeaman, of Carlsruhe. The third prize, of £5, went to Mr. Brodie, of Gisborne ; and tho fourth, of £2 10s., to Mr. Grant. Thore wero fifteen entries in this class, and an equal number in class B, in which the first prize, of £5, was taken by Mr. Noonan ; the second, of £4, by W. Yeaman ; the third, of £3, by Mr. Brady ; the fourth, of £2, by Mr. Eccles ; and the fifth, of £1, by Mr. Dumphy. In the class of boys under eighteen tho order of merit was-Francis Prunting, first prize, £3 ; V. Windridge, second, £2 ; and P. M'Donald, third, £1. " Östliches are popularly supposed to have apcncliant for iron, to keep their digestivo organs in working order. Wo presume, how- ever," says the Bendigo Independent, "that these birds swallow tho raw material, as in on instance that came under our notice yester- day of a domestic bird of a smallor species gu/zling a piece of tho metal in a hot state the result was anything but beneficial. Near a blacksmith's shop in Ironbark several duclts were disporting themselves in the street-gutter, assiduously searching for savoury morsels therein, when sud- denly a bright-shining, tempting, golden tit- bit came whizzing through the open doorway of the son of Vulcan, alighting on the pave- ment. All their duckships mado as terrific a rush to gain the prize aa ever horses did for the winning-post at the 'finish' of a great race, and one plump duck, just winning by half a beak, bolted the glistening morsel in the twinkling of an eye, but, to the wonder and amazement of his feathered chums, immediately turned upon his back, stretched his legs out stiff-to waddle never more." A meeting of residents of Hamilton inte- rested in lacing matters was hold tho other day, when it was decided to appoint a com- mittee to take steps towards the resuscitation of the defunct turf club. It was also arranged that the annual raco meeting should bo held on the 18th and 19th of December. There is every reason to believe, from the spirited manner in which the matter has been en- tered upon, that a most liberal programme will bo provided. The phase of domestic life usually known as " servant-galism" was illustrated by a case heard before the Kyneton Police-court on Monday, when one Ann M'Cormick sued Alexander Crawford, publican, of Springfield, for £5, alleged by her to be due for three months' wages. The statement of the plaintiff, as reported by a local journal, was that she had been engaged at Elderton's labour office, in Melbourne, at £20 per an- num, three months certain ; had como up to Kyneton, and staid at Alexander's Hotel for a couple of days, until Mr. Crawford came in from Spring-hill and fetched her. He paid her hotel bill, which amounted to 12s. She remained in the defendant's service three weeks and two days, during tho whole of which time sho believed she gave satisfaction ; but the children were very rude, and threw their tea in her face, At length (according to her version of the story) she found she ' ' could not stand it, " and her failure to find one of the children's night-gowns brought things to a climax, and she was summarily dismissed, her master throwing her clothes out after her, and offering her 26s. for her three weeks' work. This she refused to accept, declared she would summon him for £5 (three months' wages), and hence the present proceeding. One side of a story is all very well until the other is told. Mr. and Mrs. Crawford, and a young lady, Miss Fraser (who had been on a visit at Mr. Crawford's), all testified that tho servant was lazy, impudent, and too fond of lying in bed late in the morning. This latter habit had proved particularly incon- venient, as Mr. Crawford himself had, in consequence, frequently to light tho fire and get the breakfast for the family (Mrs, Craw- ford not being in good health). In fact, as the defendant tersely put it, " She did not conduct herself at all"-her conduct was chiefly characterised by misconduct. When remonstrated with by her mistress, she gave impudent replies, and when spoken to by her master she threatened him with a summons. The Bench listened very patiently to the case, and then awarded the complainant 20s. (the amount previously offered her by Mr. Craw- ford), without costs. i x no wens ^onsutuuon, writing in retorenco | to high rents, dulness of trado, want of em- ployment, &c;, in Melbourne, expresses tho opinion that these evils aro duo to tho cen- tralisation of a far too large proportion of tho population of tho country in the metropolis, and that they will, by inducing pooplo to leave town and settle in tho country, and dcvelopo the natural resources of tho colony, bring in time their own remedies. A curious and unfortunate accident has just occurred at Bealiba. A little boy, named Adam Ives, was nearly drowned a fow days ago in a waterholo, his sister losing her lifo in the attempt to savo him. Tho poor boy fell into the same creek on,the 7th inst. from off a log laid across it, and was drowned. Tho Madras Times writes strongly on tho 27th of July last, on tho subject of tho con- ditional pardon men who reach that city from Western Australia by the vessels which carry horses thither from Fromantlo. It attributes a good deal of the crime of Madras to their presenco, and describes thom as equally objectionable and equally dangerous, whether conditionally pardoned men or run- aways. "Richard the Third" was reproduced at the Theatre Royal last night, with Mr. Mont- gomery as the Duko of Glo'ster. Tho house was fairly attended, and tho performances wero eminently satisfactory. Tho "School for Scandal" is announced for this ovon ing. "Asraodeus," and " Black-eyed Susan" tra- vestied, wero repeated at tho Haymarket Theatre last night. Tho burlesque is still in great favour. Miss Donin was encored in several of her best songs, and the samo mark of appreciation was accorded to somo other portions of the performance. The Varieties received a fair amount of patronage last evening, tho principal attrac- tion being the extravaganza of "Mazoppa." A new burlesque is in preparation for Satur- day night. Tlio treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledges tho receipt of £1 Is. from Mr. "W. T. Doyno. as a donation in aid of tho funds of that institution. Tho collector of the Benevolent Asylum acknowledges the sum of £14 4s. from the employes of the Government Printing-oflico, in aid of the funds of that institution. 