: : china a£td japan. , ; . . ? ???''; : ?? : :- ?'?' ? Galle, 21st May. The Tycoon has declared it to be his, inten tion to earry out the treaties entered into by the various nations,. to their full extent. The British Legation and the Datch re presentatives have sailed inland. Five thousand men of the Neufie are menacing Kinkeang,' and are reported to be within sight of Hankow, having gained suc cesses over the Imperialists. ? .????? ? . . . ; ' , Shanghai. Trade is reviving. . . It is stated that Nanking and Kunchow will shortly be declared open ports for foreign trade. The Viceroy of Canton is raising a steam flotilla for war purposes, through the powers granted to him under the Consuls' Treaty. . INDIA. In consequence of the disturbed state of Murmaly (?) the gunboat Koel has'been sent to guard the British residents, and the King has been warned of the consequences of his present policy. A letter has been addressed to the Times of India by a colonel of the 21st Regiment, in which he says that one of the Sepoys who accompanied Dr. Livingstone had returned from Zanzibar. News had been received there that the doctor was alive and well, and that his guard was with him. Hong Kong, 27th April. There are no vessels loading for Australia. The Joshua Bates has sailed for Melbourne, with a mixed cargo. A London Shipping Agent has been fined £15 for a breach ? of the provision in the Passengers Act of 1855. Defendant, without the authority of the Emigration Commissioners, had received money from Rftvornl nevsnnR fov TxiRRnpffia in ft vessel going to Australia, and had not given the purchasers a contract-ticket signed by the owner, charterer, or master of the ship. Optical Ghosts.— For our first experiment take a hand looking-glass, and. see your face in it ; then incline the bottom of the glass away from you till your face is quite lost, and then your body, or hand, if in the way, will appear plainly. You lose sight of the reflection of your face, because the angle of the rays, from it which fall upon the glass is such that the resulting angle of reflection sends them away from you. You see your body, or hand, because the angle of their incident rays is such that ihe resulting angle of reflection carries the image straight to your eyes. Old writers were well aware of the fact, that a plain mirror could be so arranged that a person looking at it should not see himself,. but see something else, which might be behind a screen, and quite out of his natural view. It is, indeed, very easy to make a looking-glass show you objects quite out of your line of vision, and one of the facets of a moderate-sized diamond will easily enable you to see by reflection any object in a room when you appear only to be looking at the finger that carries the ring in which it is set. Having. made a few experiments with the looking glass, take a pane of window-glass, or, what is better if you have it, a piece of plate-glass, the surface of which is more true, and^hold it upright on the table near a window. A few inches in front of it place any small object on the table ; a lady's cotton reel will do extremely well. Stand upright with your I a :k to the window, but leave room for the light to fall freely on the top of the reel. Look slantingly down at the ?glass, and you will see the image of the reel re flected by its surface, and apparently as far behind as it really is before. The top on which the light falls will be brilliant, and tne part that is in the shade will be reflected in shadow. Vary the experi ment by placing a second reel, exactly like the first, as much behind the glass as tho other is placed in front of it. You then have two reels presented to your eye, one actual, and the other spectral, and you can, as Mr Dircks remarks of a similar case, so arrange the objects, and your position, that the image re flected from the surface of tho glass shall exactly correspond with the outlines of the real reel seen through the glass. If you put any small article on the top of the reel in front of the glass, or some one else puts a similar object on the top of the reel behind the glass, the optical effect will be the same. Now make a third experiment. Put a box, or thick book, in front of you, so that you cannot see the reel, when placed on the table just under its edge. Then hold the glass a little way off, and upright as before, so that you see it from top to bottom. You may then obtain a reflected image of tho reel, which the book con ceals, and if a strong light were thrown upon it, the image would be as sharp, distinct, and apparently solid as reality, — Intellectual Observer. 