, L TELEGRAPHIC IÑTELfJGBÑOlií. f" " ! j [ïBOK ODR COREEBfONDKNT.] MELBOURNE, j i Tuesday. Messrs; Greig and Murray, sold by auction to-day' largo parcels of grecoriee, candles, and oilmen's stores, nt firm, prjoes.. Theyalso sold 0000 caaos of geneva, of various brands, at from 0?. ld IOJ. Ibo cargo of teas, os Tekli, is to bo sold private!; and not by auction. . Tho s'oamship Souchayi was sold; by auction to- day. , The Betll:ng at tho rooms last night, on tho Rand ?wick mooting, was rory satisfactory. T The following are tho prices of some of the horses for the Mel tourne Cup :-Fireworks and Tim Whiffler (Sydney), 100 to ll to 100 to 15 -, Roso of Australia, 10*0 to 8 to 100 to 10 ; Nimblaf.iot, 100 to 7 ; Priva- teer, Glencoe, and Tim YVbifllor (Viotoria\ 100 to 0 ;, Smuggler and Tho Fly 100 to 5 ; Cowra 100 to 4. 3?or the Port Phillip Stakes 0 to i was laid about Fishhook, and 5 to 1 on tho Barb was laid and taken There was very little dono. ST. PAUL'S Scnoot,, REDFKKK*.-A publio menlinjr ?was hold last evening- at St. Paul's Schoolroom, Clevi Iaad-3treet, Redfern; tho ohjoot of tba mooting bet nu; to adopt mensuras for tbo creation of now soUcols Thero was a largo attondancoof influential parishioners, and tho chair was taken .hy tits Uav. A. H. Stephen, H.A., incKTftbont of St. Panl's Church. rho chairman addressed;, tho meeting, and gavo an nocount of tho Stato of tho school*. l'horo nro nt present in tho infant tchool, generally in attendance, nborut 180 children, and in tho Sunday-school about 200. With tho present schoolhouses tho r.ioms aro norfec'tly crowded, nod oro very uncomfortable, especially in hot weather, when thero is hut imperfect ventilation. A now building would, thoroforo, bo required for tho primary school, and tho present primary schoolroom would servo for the infant-school) Tho rooms aro so crowded that it has no* becomo an absolute necessity \- to erect a new building. On tho , spico .of rrrouud bntwoen tho present primary schoolroom and Botnny Hoad, a "new -primary school should bo erected, which would havo ample room to servo tho pooplo for sosnu timo to como, and which could occasionally ba converted into a moot- ing house or a concert hall. Tho'reverond gontleman ?then gavo notico that tho annual festival would take .plnco onmxt Thursday week, when they would havato xnato provision for about O'IO children. Tb"y wore to go by the train to visit tho Zig reg and other places, af tor which they would seltlo down' in a eorivonient «pot till time to return home. Mr. Kemp was next called to explain the dingrnms of tho proposed school. This gentleman explained th« characteristics of the school, and stated that the main building is propos- d to bosovoiity font by thiity, whioh will givo ample accommodation for SOO children, and for a concert or lecture will hold between 4.00 and SOO. Mr. Al'ian 1er Gurdon moved the fi'st resolution' " That ia tho b'lief that it ie -highly nc-Lessary that new schools should be erected in connection with Ht. Paul's Church, this meeting do resolve that such school* shall ho bu il , and hereby approves of the pl ins sow snbaitted,and sanctions tho expenditure in currying them our, of a «im of money -not exceeding £1800." He would wish th t tho parishioners would visit tho eohoola-end see whit good is being dono. If any one had any doubt ns to the noceesity of now sSlioolí, ho' ?would advise thora to vimt tho schools before thr y ¡javo a «ingie sixpone«, and judge .for themselves. An expenditure of £1300 would meet the rcquirtd accom- modation, which amount they could borrow, and pty tho interest of £101 year by yeer for nhout ftvo years, ?when tho th'bt on tho parsoxa¿o.weuld bo liquidated ; hut they Should not neglect tho church fund in their zeal for tho-prPBint undortiking. When tho church fund 5s cleared off, at tho end of tiro year*, they will find thafclhoy have onlj £l!i00 to meet, which would he Boon cleared off The motion was seconded by Mr. G: E. Orono and carried unanimously. Theeecoud reso- lution wasmoved hy Mr. Thomas UucUland.asfodows:-J *' That thia meoung approies of tho eutn required hoing raised, if necessary, on ibo.properly, und pl-dges itself to uso ita best ondsavours to provide for tue pay- i mont of tho interest and 'bo liquidation of tho prin \ . cipal.1' He objected to.£1300, and soggeptad that £1200 would b« sufficient; but still £1300 was the <limit,.end they ned nat waeto it. nor spend moro than was necessary. Ho recommended to borrow only £1000, and get the rest by subscriptions ; tho interest could well bo raised by monthly subscriptions. Ur. .B. Thompson seconded the res.lutiou ; but; before it .was pur, Mr. Pch-atl-y reaomtnendod that fifty parishioners should pledge tkomselves to ? eubecrii'O '£20 each, and they, with otbor doc uti. ns,, would not have occasion to horrow anything, Ho would not object to aubicribo £20. The motion was then put and carried lt being mivcd by Mr. J. .F. Oaoto, und soconded by .Mr M. Lowe,. several gentlemen were a pointed to act as committee, with power to add to their number, ti» carry out tho fore-, .going«solutions. At tba closo of the mooting sevo-id names wero added to the suheonption list. . fionio pledged themselves for ja certain amount, and otheia. promised their aid in furthering tho object in <viow, by influencing th-ir friends, &o.; 'A uood Bum was col leotod,-como of the subscriptions being not under £4.0. A voto of thanks tn the chairman concluded the .proceedings *t about 10 o'clock, ROYAL-Vi CTOEIA TUSÀMIB.-Mr. James Anderson fully confirmed the fuvourabls .opinion bo created 'in pu hi io estimation hy tho ropo: ilion of his masterly . delineation of tho character of Uoriol inus, on Monday evening. Iiis conception of ;tho part is fully' equal to its necessitiesi-nnd whilo exhibitiiv the haughtiest ' prido as a üoman patrician, his feSÜnus as a son anti ' father aro ünoly "paurtroyed in the fifth ant 'af'thö'' tragedy, where bis mother and son exert their influent»1' to force him lo give poaco to Home. Last .night Mr.' Anderson appeared as Hamlet, and the house tvnsi crowded on the occasion.' ifhie play is perhaps belter; .known than any other of 'âliake8pere's1trngodiw,:-arid; has always been a favourite with tho publia and tho actor. Tho character of Hamlet ip,^moreover, ono'ol' tho most difficult of nil for an actor to represent, and if is seldom Um: tho representation is criuil to tho im ¿norial bard's intention. To fathom, the depth of , moaning and (elucidate the various itnoiivos whi -h actuate tho. Prince of Denmark's notions, is a tnt-W ,requiring great study from tho most cultivated mind, but it ia genius nlune toot -sncocds in thoroughly' representing this wonderful creation. Mr. Anderson has evidoutly rondo tho part ti epeoiul study, , .and Buacceded iugivintrn Very admirable representation .of tho pai t. lt would perhaps be wed! weiro hoto .admit a little more naturalness into bia stylé, nnd''lot' .each look and uation eeom lees a «tudy for effect on .others, than tho result of that etuily upan himself. Still his Hamlet isa very fino performance,, and in ..oofta scenes exhibited .acting of tho highest .excellence -the danu;usga of tlie,play being declaimed with |{rcat ? effort, ami for svhich unbounded' appliuso acknowledged tho actor's nt-rit. The gront eceues of 'the' tragedy,' the,interview with his uuilty mother,' and tho play «vero magnificently given.; and the lust scone waa mest _ _cflootlvuly rendered. Mr. Anderson has, therefore, firmly established liimodt' in popular estimation, and may be, fainy uotijjruiulated on- bis brilliant . success. Th« other uhuraut'i rs in.tito play woro represented w\y Buççessf a ly by Vrs. Robert Heir ne. Queen Gertrude Mr. Ireland a« tho King, Mr. (J H. Rogcro as Polonius. and1 Mi. Hoben IJeir, wini makes n very eouoroua and ' " almost lugubrious Ghost, their, efforts remvinit'i/r«it approbation. Mr. .Collier cs Horatio was curiously costumed for llie~ friend of a . prlnCo, although his recital of hie, pin was very. créditante. Mies Carry Goorgo and Mr.' liawronce ne Ophelia and Laertes performed very carefully and well,. Thol scenery: was erory good, and tho play a success jn every rosprei; Mr. Anderson will repeat tho character of Hamlet ibis oveniug. ' ¡ ?? ? ' ; " - A|Miio,Ar.D ,Ffooo BELIEF POMD -At « Jaie meeting: ' of the Flood'lie icf Couiu'it tee, tho Mayor, Mr, a. Blythe, and tho Treasurer were appiiin'ed to cluse'the account', »nd,after paying the expeutoi tf nd «> Hising, to tran-mlt tho balance, on . hand to tho Gcnbrui Committee .in fydhbyt These yenllenaen met on Tuesday evctif.ng, and it then appeared that the total sura paid to the Tteastuof was £301 Us 8d.,of »hieb £2fi 4«. had alr eady been sent to Sydney,'nnd Jibe " ?' available balance on band was £100 Me, (Jd. Ibis «um bas. been forwarded 'by1 draf , minus the' eipenti of advertising, £0 14s., üd-Ainiidola Telegraph, fiep» The Elovènth 'Annaal Kèpott.'bfl the ' New Bontl Wiles But h Missionary Sacfatf .was rend at n pulilî meeting last night at.the Temporáneo Hall, rït it»(ét that ''on tho 31st Jilly, 1866; Mr. O'Connor;'the husl missionary, started on a journey southward, abd arriver at Wollongong per steamor next .day. Ho, visiteo). t'b'i kerosene works, andi thon proceeded through Dapto Shellharbour, and Jamberoo, *ànd* arrived, ot Kiama Here ho was heartily welcomed by Mr.' Robert Kendall and rom a i ned labouring in the neighbourhood for i week, in the . courser of .-' 'wbioh à ''pubtîi mooting was held in th« court-house, . t< express ,' sympathy , with the ' society. '. Hi travelled on, by . way. of . Gerringong ant Shoalhaven to Nowra, and becupiod "several ' d'art I visiting the settlers in ' the '. surrounding country, hoc j preachtnit tho Qoäpol as opportunity ¡offorod. Thone ! by Tomerong bo carno to Milton. Ulladulla. Af tot staying a fortnight in this district during which time i he visited Woodburn nud other places in tho vioinity, I ho took tho sicamor to Moruya. He visited tho quariz roofs and othor aottlaments no T thia town, and also j Bodalla'and Nerrigundah. Ho then travelled north i ward- through Mogo Diggings; Broulee, Bateman's Bay. Nelligon, Mungo, Linio liivor, and Braidwood, and-turning southward again, arrived at Araluen 9.h October, ~Un the lath ho continued his journey in a westerly direction, and afior labouring for a week at Major's Creek, passed on by way of Nithsdale, the Jingora Mountains .of unhappy cblobrity, Foxlow, Molonglo, Queanbeyan, and ' tomine southward by Micala.-o and Oooma, and again westerly by Coolring- don and Jindauyn", he arrived ou tho 7lh of November at Kiandra. Ho romiined. hero six days, and turning lija face homeward, travellod over Mount Talbingo, through Blowrintr, Tumut, Adelong, Gundagai Coolac, Jugiong, Yass, Gunnincr, Gou burn, Berrima, Onmden, and Liverpool, and arrived at Sydney on tho 22th December. While on this tour, bo journeyed about 1100 or 1300 miles, visited about 600 families, sold 23 Biblos, l-l Testaments, and about 700 religious books, and distributed about a003 trao s." Tho > income of tho eooioty for tho ysar was'XIII lis. ád.,' whinh was espended in missionary's salary;1 bojks, tracte; and variouo expenses. ..... CEITPKHDAIIB Yousa MEH'S Muruai, IJIPROVEMRNT SOCIOTÏ_Tho a (io vo society colebruted theiranhivorsary last evening, in the Wesleyan schoolroom. Chippendale, by a public toa moating and a ' literary aud musical entertainment. About two hundred persons sat dowa to an excellent tea; after which tho musical part of tho Programms was commenced by ' tho choir einging '"Gloria in Kxcelsis," which wnsrendorcd very efficiently. Tho duett " Homo to our Mountain " was sung hy Miss Miball and Mr. J. Hannigan' in a very pleasing 'style, and thoy wero deservedly encored. '" David singing before Saul " wes Riven by. Mr. Rowe, in an effective tnannor, but the musio evidently did not suit tba tanto of tho audience. '. Gad bless tho Princo of Wsles" was t'ivon by tho choir. Mr. J. T. Metcalfe singing the solo with good öffnet Several songs wero rendered by amateurs! ItecitJiiun wero also given by gentlemen' amateur!), which woro well received, amongst whinh may be mbntioned tho "Spanish Ohimpion," hy Mr. W.1 Morris; "Father Prout," by 31r. H. J Mai her, who was encored, "Ivy and H-l y Girl," by Mr. T. .Ward ; tho' "Maniac," "by Mr, G. Beeves, nlso encored; and " Jealiusy," rendered by Mr. J. Hawartb, tho secretary, very creditably, Mina Kmily Horley acquitted het>: self as accompanyist ¡ur ber usual graceful style. Great cieilit is alai du« to Mr. J. T. Medcalf», for tho? able manner in which he conducted tho incicol orrange monts of the.bvcninjTi < I SUICIDE TKROcon LOVE AT DERBY.-Lata on Sub day oveuini; a most alinokins etliche wai co ra m it ted a Derby, A cirl, six teen years of age, named' Mer! fwoith, residing with he,r parents, in L'uke street, i wooli appear hud been keeping company for som tims past vritU a young man in tbot town, and fron some un>-xpla<autl o>ns<* a slisht disaifieemont hac arisen between th»m The result was thaj the nnfor lunate creature had been in a low state of, mind, ant burly' Ol Sunday evening called upon "a female, om pinion to take a walk; She showed 'an' anxiouswsS'tt »nils, by the river side, and il «a« accordingly agréée : between them that they should stroll op Dari. y-gr..yo ' an oiit<kir£rbf tho to»n -and enter tho fields sorroimd. ¡life tbeVDer'werlt. ' Thsre'thuy remained till between .S -and 10 o'clock, when several boys ¿ame np, and notion); something peonlitr in Ibo girl'i omduot, kept eyes npon her, although she and ' ber . friend went' into >, the next Held In a few minutes afterwards/they noticed decea cd take her hat and capndiT, nnd upon ber rolling; hi-r dren sleeves up, tho boy» ran, to; the ¡ spot, and hca.d Smith requesting tho other .mun pr girl to ia Ito them home, adding, f «be didnot intend ta to herns' that'night." The youths thon .urged her ta go'hume, but she refused, «irais remarking, " that if «he did go homo they would bave to carry hor." Becoming ex* cited, (he leds laid hold of her, and declared they would take her home, but just at this moment, tho unfortunate gill rrganod herself from tl'©no, and junip-d into on» of tba deopest-parts of tho river, rcreamiug, " ïou'ro -, ' and was drowned in their presence. Alarm wa» imm-dia'ely raised, and two police sergeants attended with the drags and soon recovered the body.-Weekly Dispatch, 'July 14. i BOOLIGAL.-Sincemy.last communication,'the march of ev.iuti in our peaceable, luw-rrapeotinif, didtriot has not. been oharnoterised by anything specialty remark, nile and io tho way of news I have but little io com- municate. Last night we were-visited with a splendid rain, «nd tho weather to-day ia still showory and tin-' settled. Thors is any amount-of water in Hi« river,1 which may still bo. described as in flood. ¡Tha an- nouncement of the intention of the Government to' p ace £5000 upon tho .Estimates, for tho purpoio of opening up a road from this township; to? the I Darling River, has given great satisfaction hore. The advantages that would acuruo to the wliolo, district j from the establishment of a goad road uorosa this I part could scarcely bo ovor-ostimated,. sad it: ia to ho hoped that «very ineans will bo-taken to encourage" sud dovélop tho traffic, whioh should naturally flow' over it. . The practicability and usefulness of the route has been clearly shown by-tho arrival of »; 'steamer, which hhs just completad tho trip,, from the' Dar ing In pastoral mattera, I learn that there-oro now a haut 00,000 sheep on the plains between this and Hay. "Hay aud Brown's 4000 sheep have gone on to Melbourne ; Pesoijly's .2800 sheep nra, coming up ¡ Va vViTnndra for shearing,' which »iii shortly hooome general in this'quarter. Mr. Brodribb will commence on Mollony nexViveek, Mr.M;Mo!l»n: (Glass'£) ai the 'Claro. Blocks about tho ,20th, and,Mr.,lJe««tIlv a little later, the boiler for the washing,arrangement oot having yet : arrived. -Correspondent .\Vagg», i Wagga, Knpress, ciúptembér 8. , '"'.j...... ' "TUB BusflBiNaEBS,-On Sunday loaf. Bino Gip anc ' Mo'tn at ó again ¿«lied upon Mc Patterson, at Bmyah and deinnnled the £20, .which on bUnprevfouMi'vi'it lu had ordered stinnld be reidy:for him. Wheo ha onlled, Mr. Patterson ..hid .po money, on tba stoliou, and B ne Q-tpifinding thia to bo,tho'caie,ttold him (hat hu would give bim mora time, but that «ben he next culled' lie should, increase his demand, to ,üfiO, and if tho ninney W«* not forthcoming1 I hep, ha would burn and d alroy the property npon thd station. Arter indulgí g in lurtlier. .threatening* to, tho Bamo effnot, . he pro ceo'-ied' to the store, saying be would mike a good .IIAUI now that- tho - supplies had ari i »ed. Ho, liow'ever.jonly toik some few '.'.iiooestwit- s ' and ¡a rifle which hewnnted to kill a bullock with,' After leaving the stare ho wont to tlie paddock and took two lio-scs a Isrue bro»n' one, and a b iy, which h id 'been left 'there bv th« mailmin. ho cumi from Scr»l|by, ftangn, and left ben'ind him Mr.;' f'looit's grev and another mare. * -^ThOo«-'two ' fellows ' óli-o stuok ,tip . .Messrs. Cliresco and JD ivis, and eased thfm of a f-w. eh Il- ling« in oath.'1 A ch que far ;X9, being nf noj value to them, the/ re.arned,-Wagga Wagga Kapreea, Hep tomber 11. . ., ) a I ,1 A v ??- 1 '.' U'!. CANNONS An.- Sioeo my last «re haye hid delightful wo tber-ijuito'. warm' tor tho time' ofi yoir-junlil '3«-tO'day, when a cadden oh»r,ge«ccurred-n o dd wind' coniii.g U|. trota thc,south which sent the tliärmoinv-ler down to4G, and caused .comforters .and warra ooits to ho br ttgbt to. light agaia.i. The lambing on most of tba ttations h<s been very favourable, and I hear of ns I htth OB IhO to 106' per cent being oat ot Wèssrf» .Cobb ami Co's, McCullnoh'e, und Kmlurds n's. Whit in to becomo of ;tho Inaieaae fa, a matter thut I« gi r lug the squattera a KOO J deal of serious consideration; li iàg'.uarally thou« ht a; boiling dawn establishment at or ie»r OubljOW'iulJ boa Very paying lhln|! for the^ro juders, and a, (treat boon toi he district. We lia«« nor lately bnen bbssed with quite as mmiy locust*, .as the' slooliiieD call sheep, an'tuhe only mohBl beare'«"thM move are- Karin's 7O0O,aid lUerklemau's II.Oi0' °oth now bn th« We<t .Hogàu. oppo.ltd CaunonbarV* ¡l«p| t,Ojî,f».t' cafllo. (Hiib!s)dhavèJialM» p.jùjèd^Rtlie 1 ama read.-Correspondant Bubba Dupatob^*1!1^!»' I 