'? THE TOMAHAWK.' We lihvo received aunthci ouinbflr of tbv Tomahawk, and regret to find ic its csrtoon further slaodarn upon Her Mnjcdty and the Prince of Wales, under tbo titles of 'Tbe Myateyyoi tb&Season;' aud ' The scandal ot the Season.' Tee other portions of the cartoon reprceent Napoleon peering at the shada of Maxi milian pierced with buliute. This is termed 'The Ghost of tlie Seaeoc.' ' The Grievance of cbe Season' ie repre sented by nn Asmodeus.- looking black leg, careering along io a Oftrnugt formed of a monster bectir.g-book, over k host of wilting nctime, crushed under the hoofd of the horses and lbs wheels of this British Juggernaut. ' TneHumiiug of (ha Season' u tepteseatcd by &u; Irish Fenian thoutiDg through a tube nttBched to tbe betd of 3Ir. Disraeli The (test article iu this number of the Tomahawk \s tbat os 'Tha Tyranny of ilujuriiiss :'~ ' We, of course, lib* tbe grctttr p'.rt of nor feiluw citizons, do uo: presume to laaVt til'lur political or any other principles ami opiniana ol oar cwd, t-&t; |-e'. them, tot and (mt\x every morning, from the eulumni u; (he isatlin/ j turnala. Accordingly we n »vt done o:ir U-et to led tbst wim' delijtit ot Itit'tnnmph ct 'pare reissn* ivitb nhicli the Tima hu troivntii ibe suctfcEs of tl-.v Mmttca voting clausa introduced inu tht Reform Kill hy tbe Lords. Utir opl) itonht etout the dIsd in, that it H-em* tu b«ve conienhat tha ch&ractcr; of a inie representation {-{ minoti'tcj— thai is t-- my a rc[«s-ntiition t.f tliem as majuriticp, ubich m the feK&teit; injury th&t; couw po-»iljj' lie tloae to Ibtni. We want the minority pria:ip'e fairly carried out, ami we shall nvit (« t&iisQcd; until tiie bluw li.at t.ES uo? Icon struck at the itrimling oiuuu poly of majorities in tvmthinu Uti bten followed op by its utti-r oveniirow, nud tbe complete emaacipation ot tbuee who iR now ppprtsEca by it, nud we thtU no-. tiuvc- dou« enough until we have s:ru.k one Bio/t blow, and eeUeytd pnlvct liberty from cur chains, ' The monrtroas t«)iaf thst, nhta two opluktti etc offered, U)»t v.bich if hi'U by th« f,tcEt«r. aaaibc; ol men should be adopted, it apparent through sll onr iusti tuticne, meuuerc, cud cuetoms. Let us consider & lew or tbe insttoers la which tho tyranny trntl intoieranet of tbe msjoriiy is oioe! ttroogh1 sliewa. Tete the Arte tor instance. Tbo majority has taken upon iticlt to esy thst blue is one colour and red another, and tbat they ue not tbe same-' and wnen & lmuoriiy anerts thst tlity are the tame, that minori'.f it occutcd otteiog Co.our-blinJ, tod it is oaly after Infinite labour aud eacriflaes tbst even a Tory Govsmmeot has obtaiocj the adm!e;iuo that blatii »niJ white sre intfrcbirDieable termi. la Litwatate »g»lo, the majority will not allow that truth is ertutio, anl when a minority dares to utter It tbat minority is denounced no » low.' Or take Science. The RbserUom that two aoJ two maky tour, sad that the earth U rouni, depend upon no other loundttloo wbnt#vcr 'han the support of tbe greatest number ol noses, and II lo-motrow tb# majority \rete to dcoitic that two aud two sake fourteen, or that tht earth is exUnguUuer- eUaped, the minority wbicb should refuse to accept tbe new opinion would he stigmatized es fools and madmen, acd very likely shut up in a fanatic asylum, as roacy now are, for ileoyiug ths views on th«M subjects which nqw happen to be prevalent, 'The crnclty of tbl« tyranny Js shewn most strongly tiy the ruthlM way in which it has been retiacetJ to a Bystem, and t]t»Bl Qedwlth tltsncta-«c( 'invitations' through out tbe world, Here in England it i; espcclAlly apptrent. Tlie ocquuition ol goons by Inlbroml trawler or 'robbery,' tti« grBtiucrtlon oi a psssion If wbat h aallea ' uwrder,' and a whnle citslogue ol similar acts, for ioilance, btre bcatt «t(rr maUi«d as orlmet by the authority, and by tnrt only or thn majority, nml they arc oonsUutly rlsiud with a scute of punish menu a«ed by that majority . Tha minority wbo indulge In these ecti, howevar, denlei tbst there Ib lubertnl in any number 0 teen tbe rigbt to carry out tbe view* ot a majority by impotiDg a penalty for tbeir roQ-B'ioptioo. Tbe m'.'-cdeter and hur^tar in the dock bavo over autl ovtr ngein tried to indues judges and jutitj to sdopt tbcit opiniuns, but pure reason bai never pre vailed, and fccct'ase tbe murderer and ouriilar era iu a minority — aud Tor no otber reason— they irt stiansleil, u'eperted, implittined, cr otberwise disposed ol, with out the eligli e«t weight U'iojj given to thrir views. Then in religion, it i- vt t.ad j ?ad if some stacid he- been made btrr, it is uromite the luinontus b vt rliewu a ten. dency to change relative pobitionii with (heir opiJOiiinu, ant) btmuiu iheinBrlvcs tbe tiuoiigei iu no«;i-. iiut bc present, we »ca required to accept any mifimw, eiid prsctitt oil riti-u etiJ ocit monies (etttl no utbfifj ihioh iht uiBJorlty hol.is to be 01 (ii«inc institution, end any autmpt to resist is tuet by moatu ot coercion, varying1 tram tbe infliction of tbe ntnicsul ' btr.-tic,' ? iufiJel,' ' (ja^au,* eud eo oa to tbe (ircpbeoy of a final ebo le in a place, tbe very exis tence ut wbicb ie only supported by tbe same ouir.ion-*. ' i'Bere is therefore the strongest rsneon Tor a rebellion agni.iEt unj«itirf. The rtep wLicb bos already tveu taken 'u i-carcely ti iull ESbertinn o' she liberty which vhoiitd «xi«t, i'or the rtprenntat\on. of mino-\tUs was carrisd by a mqjarity. -? e sbuui^ have pititrrri;.j tu tn li carried by « minority, but no it U, We accept it with pro'oacil thtaUu\ntsE as an in tuimeut ut (iiogctee, &ud; vrc now corcider ourstUee rfurjanted la loukioK (01 ward to tbe time when e:tiite tbull no longer be criticised, eclectic men ot science condemned, burglars imprisoned, muiderers banged, or scan, (tiatice conicmnci ta flunei solely becsuss they hspfen to be in 11 minority.' 