MEETING OP EAGLEHAWK BURGESSES. A meeting of burgesses of Eaglehawk, convened by the Mayor at the request of certain requisi- tioniits, was held last night in the Town Hall, for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the pro- priety of the Borough Council proceeding with the appeal in the case of Waddington and others v the Mayor of Eaglehawk. About sixty persons attended, chiefly miners, the townspeople being conspicuously absent. The Mayor rose and said he had waited for a quarter of an hour after the time appointed, but as there appeared no likelihood of there being a larger meeting he would proceed with the business. He then read the advertisement calling the meet ing, and, in reference to the matter about to be dis- cussed, stated that the Council had not gone to law but had been forced into it by Waddington and others. The Council had no wish to dispossess any miner of his claim, or prevent his working it; they were rather desirous to see the ground worked, but at the same time roads had to be made in the district, and it was to be regretted that the con- struction of useful thoroughfares should cause any unpleasantness. As far as he could see, the great cause of grief in the present case was the removal of a heap of mulloch on which the claim holders intended to erect a whim, and whether the contractor for making the road had removed it on his own authority or instructions had been given by the town clerk for its removal, he did not know; but, instead of rushing into law, if the claim holders had signified to the Council that they wanted the mulloch back, it is probable that would have been granted, but the first intimation the Council received as to the course of action to be taken, was a summons. A large expense had no doubt been already incurred in the case, but it was a question affecting other roads in the district, and good roads were of paramount importance to the prosperity of any district. He then called on the meeting to elect a chairman. A pause of a lew minutes followed, when a Mr Burrows was proposed as chairman, but he declined. Mr Sheppard and the Mayor were next proposed, but they also declined. At last, just as all hope of finding a chairman was failing away, Mr Blackham, M.M.B, was duly nominated, and accepted the honor, claiming, however, the privi- lege of addressing the meeting. Without much preface he introduced the first speaker. Mr Sheppard came forward and proposed the following resolution:—"That this meeting is of opinion that the action taken by the Eaglehawk Council in regard to the mining claim of Messrs. Waddington and Co is highly prejudicial to the interests of the district in a mining point of view, and that a further appeal to law would be a useless expenditure of the borough funds, and this meet ing is also of opinion that any" further action by the Council in the matter should be stopped." Mr Sheppard then addressed the meeting to the effect that he regretted, for the sake of the mining community as well ns the ratepayers, that an ex- pensive law suit had been entered into. The Council, he considered, were to blame for encroach ing on the claim, and had brought the law pro- ceedings upon themselves. Had they given com- pensation for injury done by forming the road through the claim, as they ought to have done, there need have been no law proceedings. (Ap plause.) Mr William Williams, miner, seconded the resolution, and, referring to the judge's decision in the case, considered that, so far as the equity of the case was concerned, the judge had clearly ex- pressed himself in favor of the claimholders. It was possible that if the appeal were carried to the Supreme Court the decision might be reversed; and it was possible that, as the claimholders were poor men, they would not defend the appeal, and the Council would thus gain the case, but injustice would be done to Mr Waddington and Company. The motion was then put and was unanimously agreed to. Mr Mount proposed the second resolution to the effect: That a petition signed by the ratepayers should be presented to the Council, protesting against any further legal proceedings in the case." In support of the resolution, the speaker urged that the Council had, no doubt, a right to make roads, but not where they liked, and they certainly had no right to enter upon Waddington and Co's claim without giving compensation. (Hear, hear,) Mr Roach seconded the motion. Mr Avery rose to support the motion and said that the upper road had always been a bone of contention, and so far had the feeling been carried that no candidate for the Council had the ghost of a chance who did not promise to make the upper road, and the very men who bad been returned by the ratepayers of the upper road had driven the Council into the course which had been taken. If the narrow road which exisled was sufficient for the traffic, then it was a sin and a shame to take up the miners' claims to make it wider. A wide road was not required. The Council had gone so far, and had incurred £150 expenses. There was no point to be gained, and if the Council would retract and withdraw from further proceedings in the case, they would deserve the thanks of the ratepayers. Should they prosecute the appeal it was likely that an eighteen- penny rate would have to be made next year. The Couucil ought to havo called a special meeting to consider whether the appeal should be prosecuted, instead of a paper being taken round for signature by the councillors for or against, to satisfy a clique. Mr Brown : It is untrue. Mr Avery: If Mr Brown is the only represen tative of the Council present, they might have got a better advocate. (Great applause.) Mr Brown got on the platform and corrected Mr Avery by stating that it was not at the insti- gation of a clique that the paper was taken round for signature, but simply as there was no time to call a meeting of the Council to consider the matter, the Mayor had drawn up the paper so that each councillor could sign for or against the appeal, and he (Mr Brown) had taken it round for signature. Mr Avery replied that all he had said had been corroborated by Mr Brown, and alter a few fur- ther remarks retired amidst applause. The motion was then put and carried unani- mously. A petition, embodying the views of the meeting, was then read and adopted, and Messrs Avery, Sheppurd, and Uobson were appointed a deputa- tion to wait on the Borough Council and support the prayer of the petition. The Chairman then claimed the attention of the meeting, and at some length reviewed the salient points of the evidence and the Judge's decision, and condemned the prosecution of the appeal. At the conclusion of his remarks, the meeting dis- solved. 