BALLARAT. SPORTS AT THE RECREATION RESERVE. These sports on Thursday, were under the patronage of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. Every effort, says the Star, had been made to make the sports worthy of the patronage so graciously accorded. No Duke, however, came to grace the scene. At an early hour it was announced that he found it incompatible with his other engagements to attend. The committee resolved, in conse- quence of that announcement and the incle ment state of the weather —a cold, pelting rain falling at intervals during the forenoon— to postpone the events, with one or two excep- tions, till Boxing Day, and these were to be proceeded with in-order not to disappoint the persons that had paid for entrance to the ground. While these matters were being ar- ranged, it was announced that the Duke was approaching and had actually come as far towards the ground as the Peel-street railway arch, but at once returned to his hotel on learning that the sports had been postponed. The ground soon afterwards became tolerably well filled, and there could not be less than 1200 persons on it in the afternoon. The re- solution already arrived at was rescinded, and the sports proceeded, to the great delight of the assemblage, which, notwithstanding the cold and rain, appeared to enjoy the different events. In our notice of the Prince's ball on Wednes- day evening, we, says the Star, were in error respecting the names of some of those who took part in the opening quadrille with his Royal Highness. It appears that when the quadrille was first formed it was intended that it should have been one of single top and double sides, but the Prince expressed a wish to have the full double quadrille, which was accordingly formed, and by that alteration Miss Fitzgerald, who we understand was intended to have taken part in the quadrille, was shut out therefrom altogether. The quadrille was formed as follows:— The Prince danced with the Mayoress of Ballarat at the top, and the Mayor of Ballarat with Mrs Robertson danced at his side. At the bottom the Mayoress of Ballarat East, who was vis-a-vis to the Prince, danced with Captain M'Mahon, and Mr and Mrs Embling formed the other couple. At the right side, the couple next the top was Mrs Clissold and the hon. Eliot Yorke, and the Mayoress of Melbourne and Mr Brierly formed the other couple. At the left side the corres- ponding couples were Mrs R. B. Gibbs and Mr Henderson, and Mrs Mitchison and Captain W. C. Smith. The Prince afterwards danced with the Mayoress of Ballarat East and Mrs Clissold, and in the Scotch reel his partner was Miss Williamson, and not Miss Walsh as erroneously stated. Mr Steinfeld having expressed a desire to his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh that he should present his autograph to the Ballarat East Public Library, the Duke most readily expressed his willingness to comply with the request. A book (the German and English Directory ; London, Ward and Lock) having been got from Mr. Craig's book-case and presented by that gentleman fer the pur pose, the Duke then attached his autograph to the preface. Mr Steinfeld intends having the book suitably bound and to have a case made for it before depositing it in the library. The autograph of his Royal Highness was also placed in one of the books at the Mechanics' Institute at the instance of the hon. Mr Vale, who procured a book for the purpose. The Reception Committee have given in structions to Messrs M'Cartney and Aldred to fix a break to his Royal Highness's carriage, he having learnt to appreciate the advantages derived from that very useful contrivance in travelling down some of the hilly roads. He has expressed his intention of send ing the carriage to England for his own use, and it will be packed up here and sent off by rail and then shipped. Messrs M'Cartney and Aldred are to be congratulated on having turned out a carriage that has met with such general approval. At the Buninyong Highland Society's games on Thursday, the Prince expressed a desire to Mr W. Coutts, the winner of the medal for dancing, that his father should pay him a visit before his Royal Highness's departure from the colony. It appears that the Prince had known Mr Coutts at Balmoral, and hearing that he was in this colony, took the opportu nity of asking that Mr Coutts might pay him a visit, an honor which no doubt Mr Coutts will not fail to accept. The Government Gazette notifies, the ap- pointment of Mr John Aikins to be judge of the Gipps Land Court of Mines, and to act as deputy of Judge Brewer at the Court of Mines in the same district, to be held at Sale on the 17th inst., and to act as deputy of Judge Brewer at the sittings of the County Court of Sale on the 16th inst. Applications for mining leases have been made to the department of Mines by the follow ing parties:— M. Herbert, Eldorado Plains Deep Sinking Company, Beechwerth, about fonr miles below the Eldorado township; the Eclipse Amalgamated Gold. Mining Company (registered), GippsLaud, Walhrtlla ; W.Randell, Sons of Gomer G old Mining Company, Mary borough, Rooky Flat, near Talbot ; The Duke \- of Edinburgh Quartz Mining and Pumping Company (limited), Pyrenees Keef, Redbank ; J. Rodger and others, Union R,eef, Kingower ; W. Fesonfeld, the Fujrfield Mining Company (mineral), silver, Stewart's hill, St. Arnaud . T. W. R. Bonbow, Sandhurst, Cherry tree-hill, Coy's Diggings. A fire broke out at Snieaton on Wednesday morning, about ton o'clock, and, although every possible exertion was made to arrest tho progress of tho flames, four cottage3 were burnt to the ground in about half an hour from tho first alarm. Mr Hepworth and family left tho house about nine a.m. for the purpose of going to see tho Regatta at Lake Learmonth, and the fire broke out abont an hour afterwards. Tho cottages destroyed, with the exception of Hepworth 's, were the property of MrDockery, who is the principal loser by the fire. Ho esti mates his loss at about £300. Mr Hepworth lias also lost from £250 to* £300, not an article of clothing, nor in fact anything within the house being saved. ; Tho judges appointed by the Castlemaine Agricultural and Horticultural Society, and by the lion. S. H. Binden, met yesterday, and agreed, although not unanimously, to award the hon. S. H. Bindon's prize of £10 10s to Mr John Sheldon, Sandy Creek. ' From the result of inquiries last evening we (Tarrengoioer Times) find that nothing fur ther had been .heard from the Post Office authorities relative. to the missing registered letter containing a J610-note, the propertyof Mr Troclce. A motion in favor of a farther Parliamentary grant to Mr HargreaveB.'the discoverer of gold, was reoently tabled, in the Sydney Legislature, but fell to the ground for want of a seconder. We understand^ says the Star, a deputation frova Ballarat Eaat lately waited on Mr Keogh, of the linn, of Messrs L. and M. Keogh, of Melbourne, and 'requested him to become a candidate for tlint constituency at the approach ing general election. Mr Keogh replied that bis business engagements would prevent him from complying with the request of the depu tation on the present occasion, but that possibly at some, future opportunity he would, if re- : quested, be able to conply with their wishes. The non-commissioned offioors and privates of the Bendigo Volunteer Rifles presented a subscription sword to Capt. Q. P. Joseph, at their orderly-room, Bendigo, on Thursday. The sword presented' is of London manufacture, the scabbard being ? of steel and thiokly coated with silver, chased /at intervals ' in a' very elaborate manner. The blaile is of highly polished' steel, and from point to hilt one miss of beautifully embossed work oh either side. It has a chased badge and ivory gripe inlaid with silver, with a heavy silver knot. It was manufac tured by the makers of the sword presented to laord Eanelagh, at the Brighton Review. The inscription engraved on the sword is as follows : 8 — '?' Presented to Captajn G. P. Joseph, by tho I non-commissioned officers and privates. of the 1 Bensligo Volunteer Rifle Corps, on the occasion a of his promotion to the rank of captain, as a I mark of their esteem and regard. Sandhurst, I 12th December; 1867.' I On Thursday night; 'about ten o'clock, two I men, named C has. Oats and Jno. Harris, were I arrested at Ballarat, on a 'charge of I having committed a violent ; assault on I an elderly '' axxu, name unknown. The I man was so seriously injured that he was I aftorwards conveyed to the hospital, trhere, on inquiry at a late hour, it was ascertained that he was thought . to be in a dangerous state. Ho waa insensible, and appeared in great pain, Buftoring from a severe scalp wound and in juries about the body. An I.6.U. for a.pound, dated 9th' December, and signed ' Jas^ Mars don,' was found in his possession, which will doubtless lead to his identification. Mr Candler held ' an inquest yesterday, at tho Yarra Bend Lunatio Asylum, on 'the ' body of ? an inmata named Henry Dem, a German, who had been in custody in the, . institution since May, . . 1865. On the 28th November last the deceased waa attacked with paroxysms of violence when touched or disturbed in any way. On the 2nd inst. the fits of violence ceased, and 1 he was placed . in ' the hospital, where I he sank gradually,, continuing speeohless and 1 comatose, and died' on the 11th inst. Dr. i Rudall, who made a post mortem examination, I deposed that death resulted from empyema, or I purulent fluid on the chest, and the jury found I a vordict accordingly. 1 The Brio Brie k-me station hns been ap 9 pointed , a ', new polling place for elections I within and for .the Ohatsworth riding of the E Bhiro of Motint Rouse. B Mr Williams, M.L. A., paid a visit on Thnra-' 1 day to the Maldon Hospital, and generously I promisod a liberal donation to the funds of the I institution. . , , 1 Another shipment of six tone of regulua I from the Thomson River Copper Mining Com Ipany, Gipp3 Land, has been received in Mel 1 bourne this week. ? The lease of tho Seymour Bridge toll-gate for twelve months has been granted to Mr Moagher for a sam of £1259; and Mr Hanna has been tho successful' tenderer for the lease of Avenel toll for the next twelvemonths, tho sum being £750. - . Afew days siiica.yMt'ssra Stewart and Co., who are employed by a largo Molbourno fitm procuring, wattle bark at tho entrance to the Lakes, wero burnt out. *? Tlfe party, it appears, ? i ? ? ' . on leaving their .camp in the morning, incau tiously allowed a small fire to remain unextin guished, and during their absence the grass around ignited, the result baing the total de struction of the tents with all their contents of provisions, clothing, bedding, &c.; As might be expected, the men were subjected to no little inconvenience, as well as pecuniary loss, by the accident. At the City Police Court yesterday two fresh charges of embezzlement from his employer, MrW. J. T. Clarke, were preferred against William M'Ganu, late bookkeeper. The pri soner had received a cheque for £53 6s 8d from Mr- T. K. Benriet, and another1 for £35 from Mr Robert Byrne, auctioneer. He aever ae counted for.thc cheques, and appropriated them, it was alleged, to his own 'use. ' Mr Edwards on behalf of the prisoner reserved his defence, and stated that his client would have a, full answer to the charge on Ms trial. Mr Sturt committed the prisoner for trial, agreeing to accept the same bail for his appearance as on the last oocasion, and two additional sureties of. £150 each. ' . , ? In the District Court yesterday ( Mr Hurtle Fisher appeared on summons, for assaulting Miss Fanny Riggs. Damages were laid at £20. -A few days since the plaintiff in conse quence of some imagined grievance with the defendant, drove out to his house at Riohmond, at two o'clock in the morning. On arriving there, she rang the bell, and at the same time broke some panes of glass. The defendant then came out, and, according to her statement,' gave her ' two black eyes.' The defendant positively alleged that no assault was com mitted, and that in trying to lift the plaintiff from the verandah into her carriage, she fell against a post, and received the injuries com plained ef. The plaintiff was afterwards pro ceeded against at the Richmond Police Court, and fined for breaking the windows, and she then took the : present proceedings. Mr Hac kett, considering the amount of provocation, given by the plaintiff to the defendant, dis missed the case without costs. , 'We learn with regret,' says the Kilmore Free Press, ' that it is the intention of the Minister of Justice to remove our able and respected po lice magistrate, Mr Akehurst, from amongst us. We are not aware what the' reasons far this step are, and we trust that we have been misinformed. Daring the period Mr Akehurst has been in the district, he lias given the utmost satisfaction to all parties in the per formance of his official duties, and has been identified in all matters concerning its inter ests. We understand a memorial is in course of signature to the Minister of Justice, re questing that honorable gentleman to recon sider his resolution with regard to Mr Ake^ hurst's removal, and have, no doubt ? but that it. will be numsreusly, and inihientially sigaed. Mr Akehurst has always' been inde fatigable in attending to tho various . local courts, some of which are at a great distance from Kilmore, and are almost out of reach of any other than 'a yeung man like him self.' ??? ???; ???????. A rather curious case of mistaken identity after death was revealed ia town within the last few days. On the morning of the 30th ult. a man was discovered lying in a laneway off Little Bourke-straet in such a deplorable condition of destitution aud bodily suffering as to render his removal to the hospital necessary, where, soon afteiv.his admission, he expired. An inquest, which was reported ia our issue of. the 4th inst., was held on the body, when several witnesses, after viewing the remains, identified them as those of a man named Henry C. Piesse; who they stated was once a person of considerable means. One of the most at tached friends of the deoeased in life, piously exhibited a ; precious relic in the shape of a letter from the deceased, and expressed his intention to preserve it till the last day of ' his life as a me mento of the departed. Dr. Moloney, who made a post mortem examination of the body,, gave it a3 his opinion that the immediate cause of death was disease of tho lungs and kidueya from want of proper attendance, and the verdiet of the jury was to that effeot. The bady of the man was interred ; many a ragrot for his demise was expressed by those who knew him, and often was a kind word dropped to his memory. However, a couple of days ago a female, who was one of those who identified the body at the inquest, was surprised on meeting what, as she for a moment thought, waa the aotual shade of her friend Piosae, haunting tho scenes of life. In half terror, half joy, she rushed up to him, and shaking him by the shoulders, asked him was he dead or alive. She deemed Bhe spoke but to his ghost, but ha pledged bar his honor he was not dead. The man, it appears, upon whose dead body the iuquest was , thought to have been held is alive and well, and who the really deceased person was remains a mystery. Mr James Donnelly, late member of the Mining Board, Beechworth district, was found, on Thursday laBt, drowned in Lake Moodemere He lost his life in attempting to cross in a clumsy canoe,, which overturned. The Daylcsford Mercury says the Attorney General ha3 declined to file a criminal informa tion against Mr George Patterson in the name of the Crawn, and says Mr Johnson may, if he see fit, -proceed with the prosecution lvimself. This was anticipated, the Gtovm having, since tho celebrated O'Farrell libel case, adopted this resolution. The anxiety felt during the past week as to the fate of a man named John Smith, a shoo rn'ikcr, of Yarram Yarram, who has been miss ing since Sunday week, was relieved on Satur day by the arrival of the mailman fann Rose dale, with the pleasing information that the missing man had fov.nd his way to Baylis's station. It appeal's . that the unfortunate man left his home on horseback, with the inten tion of visiting Weodside— -a journey he has been in the habit of making for years, and always on the Sabbath^— for the purpose of re turning the work-he had done during tho week, as well as to obtain fresh jobs from the resi dents in that locality. From the accounts we gather, says the Gipps Land Times, he had not proceeded far when his horse threw him, which; after a search of a few hours, lie succeeded in finding ; and at the same time became aware that he had strayed far out of histi-ack, with nei ther food, matches, nor knife in his possession. Night closing in, he took the saddle and bridle off his horse, hobbled him, and 'lay down to sleep. In the morning the horse was again missing, when Smith, nothing daunted, shoul dered the saddle, and tenaciously kept posses sion ef it during the whole of his subsequent; wanderings, a well known idiosyncrasy of the man, as some days before the news of his safety arrived, it was remarked that if ever he should be found, whether alive or dead, he would be sure to have the saddle with kirn. On the fifth day of his wandering, and without having tasted food of any kind sinoe his de parture from Yarram Yarram, he fell in with a party of three men prospecting at the head of Merriman's Creek, who kindly relieved his ne cessities, and placed him on the track for RosJe dalo. Strong search parties, numbering from forty to eighty horsemen,haye been out daily sys tematically scouring the bush in all direc tions, and a black tracker obtained from the Mission Station; Ramah Yuk, to assist in the search, but who arrived too late, reaching Alberton almost simultaneously with, the news of the man's safety. In reply to 'an inquiry why he did not throw away his saddle he stated that it served him good purpose in pro tecting his ai'ins and breast from' the prickly scrub he was obliged to fdrce his way through, ' and judging from the state of his legs (which are very much -lacerated, and completely raw from the knee joints to the toes, and greatly swollen), he acted wisely. Although the news of the man's safety was generally known in all the townships travelled through by the mail man on Saturday night, still, through some mismanagement, the news was not disseminated in time to stop a further search party of some sixty horsemen who started on Sunday morn ing, some of them not having returned at. a late hour on Monday. A meeting of the mambers of the Wanga ratta Jockey Club was held at the Royal Vic toria Hotel, Wangaratta, on Tuesday. . The nominations for the Wangaratta Handicap, ssventeen in number, ali the horses being the property of gentlemen residing. in the district, were read, as were also the names of the horses for which the second payment had been made for the Flying Stakes. Messrs J. Nor ton, Leigh, and Michell were appeinted handi cappers for the annual race meeting, to be held on tho 28th and 29th January next, and the secretary was instructed to inform Mr H. N. Simson that, in consequence of his having nominated a horse, accordipg to the rules he had disqualified himself for acting as a handi capper. , . . . -,,,-? We have authority for,, stating that 31. Chevalier, the artist, accompanied the Prince during his tour in tho Western district as special artist to the Illustrated Australian Netvs, and was not engaged in this capacity by his Royal Highness, as intimated by a con temporary. The full court will sit in its Equity Appel late and Matrimonial jurisdiction at eleven o'clock to-day, but the list is not to be pro ceeded with, and tho court will adjourn until ten o'clook on Monday morning. The divorce oaso of Ullithorne v. Ullithorne will then be proceeded with. The business in the Equity Court yester day was unimportant. Two cases., Goodman v. Pratt (injunction), and Mulcahy v. the Wal halla Mining Company, were set down for hearing, but both fell through on preliminary objections ; the first, because the affidavit was dated before the bill ; and the second, because the plaintiffs had omitted to include a neces sary party to their suit. The Gipps Land .papers say the Duke of Edinburgh has signified his intention of re maining in the colony until tho 1st February next, and to live for the last three weeks in re tirement. During this period he purposes vi siting Gipps Land incognito, but the oflioials protend to know nothing of the matter. His Royal Highness is said to have left £20 with the manager of the United Extended Band of Hope Company, to be expended amongst the men employed. The amount was supplemented by the honj Mr Verdon, who gave £10, and Mr Carpenter £5. The trial of tho bushrangers Ryan and Smith will not take place at the Castlomoine Sessions on the 14th inst. as expected. The venue is likely to be changed to Melbourne. At the Benalla Police Court, on Tuesday, William Hoisted, a well-known trainer and jockey, was charged with tho abduction of Miss Simpson, a yonng lady about sixteen years of age. From the evidence adduced it appeared that Hoisted, who was recently engaged breaking in horses for the young lady's father, Mr. H. N. Simson, of Tatong, had exercised his eloquence with such effect that he succeeded in inducing Miss Simson to elope with him in order to be joined in the holy bonds of matrimony. The course of true love did not run smooth, howevor, and the young couple had not proceeded more than a hundred miles on thoir journey before they wevo detained anil brought back. The caso was remanded for a week, 'the defendant, a young man, scarcely twenty years of ago, being admitted to bail, himself in £200, and two securities in £100 each. At: a meeting of the 'Ministerial Associa tion,' as distinguished from the 'Ministerial Committee,' whose proceedings at Sandhurst were reported yesterday, the following motion was put and carried, showing that, in the ab stract, the two bodies are united, but differ only as to details. Mr, Deno van moved that the objects of this association should be as fol low :— ' A firm support to the Ministry, and a steady adherence to their financial, fiscal and land policy; support of the grant to Lady Darling of £20,000, and of the right of the -Legislative Assembly to the sole control and appropriation of the public revenue ; and in favor of a sweeping reform of the Legislative Council.' In support of his motion, he urged the necessity of confining themselves to but a few subjects upon whicli they should require a pledge from their representatives, their chief object being to obtain representatives who would support the Ministry, as it was not for them to dictate to the Ministry, but to follow as their adherents knowing their principles. The motion was carried. The stumbling block in the way of a coalition appears to be the conflicting opinions enter tained of the conduct of Mr Halfey, one of the sitting members. It was stated that out of 110 divisions in the Legislative Assembly, Mr Halfey voted in- forty-six, and was absent sixty-four times. He voted with the Govern ment eleven times, with the Opposition thirty three times, and gave mixed votes on two oc casions. The following are the divisions on which he voted with the Government :— 3rd January — M'Cann's motion against the border duties. 26th February — On the Budget motion for adjournment. 27th February — Do, do. '19th March— Revision . of , the tariff. 21st March— Do. do. 2Gth March— Motion for ad journment. 27th March — Levi's amendment on the iron pipes for, the Coliban Water Snpply. 23rd May— Ballarat and Bullarook Railway Bill (not a Government measure). 2nd July — Committee of Supply, motion of ad journment. 4th July — Hanna's motion for the Ovens Industrial School. 9th July— Kerferd's amendment on same question., There is every probability of a reconciliation being effected. The commission .appointed to decide on ap plications for allotments under the 42nd section of the Land Act, in the North-eastern district, will hold its sittings at the undermentioned places on the following days :— -Court House, Beechworth, | Monday, 16th instant; Yackan dandah, ^uesday, 17th ; Belvoir, Wednesday, 18th; Chiiteru, Thursday, 19th; aud Plough Inn, Tarrawingee, on Monday,, 23rd. It will be necessary for all applicants to appear before the commission, according to the district in which the allotments applied for are. situate; this they can do either in person or by proxy, . although in order to remove any doubts that may arise as to the b,ona fides of the applica tions, personal attendance is likely to be found, most advantageous. Those having objections to urge against the granting of any application will likewise require to attend at the sittings of the commission, and. be prepared. to give a statement of their reasons for so objectiug. So far, tho provisions of the 42nd section have worked admirably in that portion of the colony, the rents, as a rule, having oome in with the greatest punctuality. On. the yield of the pre . sent harvest, and the prices ruling thereafter, it will in groat measure depend whether they are .likely t» bo a permanent success or not, as in most instances this will be the tirat return to the selectors since they have. taken up their allotments. The Head - QtuitTEits Band will play this afternoon, from half-past three to half-past live o'clock, at the Fitzroy Gardens —Overture, ' Preciosa,' Weber ; waltz 'The Duke of Edinburgh,' H. Leo; selec tions from ' II Lombardi,' Verdi ; quad rille, 'Musen,' Strauss; March, ' Tami hauser,'' Wagner ; waltz, ' The Royal Ga latea,' E. A. Roberts ; Selection from ' Mirella,' Gounod; polka, 'Jolly Old Buffers,' Siede. A Fete', in honor of H.B.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, took place at Tarnagulla, on Wed nesday. The procession consisted of a band, the Borough Council, Oddfellows, Foresters, Rechabitos, Clergy, school' children, &c.; ; to gether with a press, which printed, for distri bution, copies of the National Authom. There was also a 'model of tho Galatea, and a free banquet, at which there was a large attend ance. Perfect order was kept, and there was an ample supply of everything. Cricket, athletic sports and other amusements were indulged ip, and a ball followed later in tho evening. The Concert in the Alfred Hall.— Tho Ballarat Harmonic Society gave its first con cert at the Alfred Hall on Thursday night, aud achieved its greatest success on the occasion. Whether we regard the result in a pecuniary or a musical sense, the society has never yet had so great a triumph. The vast hall was filled, not fewer certainly than 3000 persons being present. The orchestra itself was a fine sight' with a full complement of 200 performers in band and chorus, and rising as the gallery does, at a sharp angle, every individual per former was plainly visiblo in the bright light of the splendidly illuminated hall. The soloists on this occasion included a debutante, hero in the person of Miss Easdown as principal soprano, and her success was every way satis factory. Her voice is pure, fresh and flexible, and of considerable compass. The choruses were all a splendid success. Every chorus was renderod with a charming ' crispness as as to time and, emphasis .that .was unexcep tionable, and the general audience evidently spent its greatest power of applause upon them. The magnificent and woll-known ' See the the Conquering Hero comes,' was so well given, and was so entirely enjoyable that tho audience would havo.it over again,, and in response to tho demand it was repeated. j 