AN AMERICAN VENDETTA. A brief account of a "vendetta" has gone the rounds of the papers, which had occurred in Ten nessee— a state which has always had the reputation of being more polished and highly civilised than any of the other slave States, except, perhaps, Vir- ginia. W.e give a lengthy account of the affair, and probably nothing more utterly barbarous than this case could he discovered in the annals of Corsican feuds. The remarkable feature in it is not, however, that Tennesseans should be vengeful and bloodthirsty but that two families should carry on a kiud of private war for over twenty years, and that four teen men should be slaughtered on one side or other in cold blood without a conviction or a mur der or manslaughter ever taking place. In fact, no judicial inquiry into any of the murders except the first one seems ever to have been made. This is the story as it is told in the Louisville Journal : — In the fall of 1846, a family named Johnstone removed from the neighbouring county of Wautauga, North Carolina, into Carter County, East Tennes see, and settled down in the neighbourhood of an other family named Rogers. Johnstone, who ap peared to be an energetic industrious man, immedi ately went to work at clearing up a little farm. He felled trees, crabbed ud undererowth. burned stumps and split rails to fence in the ground he re claimed from the wilderness. In this labour he was assisted by two sons — both were lads. While the three were engaged in erecting fencing about their patch of land, Rogers rode up to where they were at work one day and claimed a pile of rails, about a dozen in number. This claim Johnstoue disputed, aud finally, on Rogers applying to him the epithets of "liar," and "thief," the North Caiolinian pulled him from his horse, and administered to him a severe chastisement with his fists. Rogers went off vowing vengeance, and in the coarse of an hour returned to the spot armed with a rifle, the eon- tents of which he discharged into the body of Johnstone, producing fatal consequences. Rogers, who was a man of some wealth for those primi tive times, and was possessed of considerable in fluence among bis rough, unlettered neighbours, was acquitted of the charge of murder by au examin ing justice. This was the beginning of a terrible veudetta that has run through the years that fol lowed, cutting down the males of the two families in the pride of their strength and manhood. The two Johnstones vowed vengeance upon the murderer of their parent, and one of them, Thomas, worked night and day with but one object in view — to accumulate the means to purchase a rifle. At length, he became the owner of one, and one Sab bath morning, with his gun upon his shoulder, he approached the house of Rogers. The latter was sitting upon his poieh, and as he saw young John stone approaching, probably divining his intention, arose hastily and ran towards the rack where his own gun was suspended. But the avenger of blood was upon his path, and ere he could reach his weapon he fell upon the floor a corpse, his heart pierced by the bullet of his foe. Rogers left behind a young wife and three children, one of whom was a boy. Among the rough backwoodsmen of Carter County young Johnstone's crime was looked upon with satisfaction, if not favour, the Indian law of retali ation being looked upon by them as the very cream of justice. Afterwards Johnstone married, and as the years passed by he became surrounded by an in teresting and numerous progeny. The boy William Rogers in the meantime had almost reached manhood's estate, when one morning, without divulgiug his intention to his mother or sisters, he left the house with his father's rifle upon ins shoulder, as it he were going out to hunt, and in less then an hour a grief-stricken mother and children were weeping over the corpse of a slain husband and father. Young Rogers, in his turn, had become an avenger, and Thomas Johnstone fell beneath his hand. In time the memories of these three murders died away, and those who were children then grew up to men and women. William Rogers had taken to himself a wife, and became the head of a growing family. One morning he rode into Elizabeth town, and as he did not return that night— a circumstance that had never occurred before — his wife became very uneasy, and in the morning induced her brother to start to town in search of her missing husbaud. About three miles from the house he came upon the body of his brother-in-law, lying in the road stiff aud cold in death. His brain had been pierced by a rifle ball. Although his murderer was never discovered, yet the community quietly accepted the belief that Henry Johnstone, a son of Thomas, who was slain by Rogers, was the per petrator of the deed. Some years afterwards, in a drunken moment in Elizabethtown, this young man acknowledged he had slain Rogers, and gave as his reason that the latter had killed his father. Johnstone was a young man, and only a few months before the murder had been married to a young girl in the neighbourhood. Again the chart of time was unrolled, and at least ! ten years had been added to the past when a young lad, a son of the murdered Rogers, engaged in an altercation in the yard of the Court-house at Eliza bethtown with Johnstone, who was then a middle- aged man, aud inflicted such wounds upon him with a knife that he died on the following morning. Thus it went on for years, now a Johnstone falling by the hands of a Rogers, and then a Rogers falling beneath the avenging hand of a Johnstone, until the war intervened, and for a time at least the terrible feud appeared to have ended. The cessation of hos tilities brought the survivors of the warring families back to Carter County. The survivors consisted of Randall Rogers and Robert J obnstone, both battle- scarred veterans, and both unmarried men. On the evening of the 5th inst. these two men met in a grocery at Elizabethtown, and soon became engaged in an altercation. Bystanders interfered, and for an hour or two a collision was averted. They were separated by friends, and taken on in opposite direc tions. This occurred about noon. About three o'clock, as Rogers was going up the street he saw Johnstone coming down. As they neared each other they drew their revolvers and commenced simultaneously firing upon each other, continuing to advance as they fired. Finally, and when about four feet distance from Johnstone, Rogers sank to the pavement, and as he lay the last act of his life was to fire the last charge in his pistol into the abdomen of J obnstone, whose last bullet, fired at the same instant, penetrated his antagonist's brain, causing instant death. Johnstone reeled and fell across the body of his foe, and when bystanders rushed to wher# they lay, be too bad passed beyond all reach of mortal aid. Almost at the same instant of time their two blood-guilty souls had gone to join the gory ghosts of their ancestors. Thus ended a feud that has existed for twenty years, in the course of which fourteen men have died violent deaths. , The fine steam corvette Magenta, belonging to the Italian Government, arrived in Hobson's Bay on Saturday—the first Italian war-vessel that has anchored in these waters for many a year. The Magenta was sent out in June, 1865, and visited Teneriffe, Rio-de- Janeiro, Bahia and all the other ports on the Brazilian coast. She then proceeded to Shanghai, Hong Kong, Saogon, Yokohama and Batavia. Her stay here will be about ten days, and her cruise may be said to be a scientific and commercial one. Two Italian savans — Signor Phillipi and Signor Giglioli — have been appointed to the vessel to carry out out the instructions of their Govern ment in a scientific point of view, and Captain Victor D'Armingon being armed with full au thority to carry out the commercial treaty be tween Italy, Japan and China. On leaving Melbourne, the Magenta will proceed to Sydney to be docked, thence to Lima and other ports on the west coast of South America before return ing home. The following are the names of the principal officers : Commander Capt. Victor D'Armingon, captain of frigate, commander of the Magenta ; Lieutenants Pasquall, Sebetter and C. Samplia ; paymaster, E. Guibbili; chief engineer, S. Colitzo. Signor Phillipi, one of the gentlemen sent out to assist Signor Giglioli in scientific researches, died some time ago, A Canadian newspaper contains tho. flawing plaintive advertisement "V7i.ll the gentleman who stole my melons o,u last' Sabbath night be generous en.ou.gh to return me a few of the seeds, as the ffielons are a rare variety. ''i witch being at the stake to be burnt saw her son there, and desired him to give her some drink. " No mother," said he, " it would do y eu harm, for the drier you are the better you will burn." Men and women are never more frequently outwitted than when they are trying to outwit others. Why is the inside of everything unintelligible ? Because we can't make it out. 