OUR LONDON ,ETTER.S&. S. Lo.xDOe, July 26, 1867:,, For the last fortnightwe ihavo been 'in 'an unusual cbmmotiorn.What'withseeingcrowned heads on the one" hand;. and. gazing -on" the, entertainments provided for these dignitaries, there has beenof, late almost continuous 'ex-. oitement and holiday making. 1; On this noc count our great:Reformi .Bill ?has', mch ,less absorbed bur, attention, than iits importance demanded or.than would otherwise have been the case. ; I shall-speak of'this latter. sibject presently. Ih.avo' endeavored -in'fewmwords in previous letters to keep: you up' with its salient points. as they developed themselves with a cheering rapidity that somewhat belied-the repute 'of, our 'old-fashioned',per sistence in the .tatus guo, 'particularly as to things political. . But, first, I mayisay a little upon miscellaneous doings.. 'Turning'for a moment from iSultans and Viceroys to work-a-day subjects, your readers may be suirprised, not to say. shocked, to hear that the firm of.Peto, Betts &' Co., lately of such reputed wealth and connections, 'has at length landed,.in' the Court' of Bankruptcy. There is an awful. claim against them of more than .£6,000,000, brought by the Directors of the London,. Chathani &.Dover Railway Co. This' claim seems very simple and intelligible.' The Company was from the first one of those jobbed or " financed" concerns which have in various 'other, instances ',come:.to grief," dragging down their promoters and financiers with them.' There were'..nodbona Fide share holders it the outset, : but only a fictitious pretence of fulfilling 'the, law, so as to raise money by sale of debentures. ; Millions were thus raised, but not nearly enough for this master spirit of a Company. Shares were next pressed upon the market at an enormous and increasing discount,, the result being a loss of above £6,000,000; .that is to say, the Company is liablo'~for stock of nominally £6,000,000, more than the 'money received. The question is whose is the loss. Sir Morton Peto says not only is. the loss not his but that the Company still owes his firm nearly £350,000. In the matter of public entertainment and sight-seeing, we have had to dispose of the Belgian 'Volunteers, the Egyptian Viceroy, 'and. last and' greatest of all, the Sultan. Decidedly the last carries 'the palm for piquance and novelty. Our population have fully appreciated all the interest and romance of' the case, and given to 'this Oriental stranger and representative of many centuries of past history a most cordial welcome. The Sultan has. suitably ' reciprocated.. His speeches'. and .replies, neither many nor long-winded, have got the , ring of ' true metal.' Indeed, 'in one or two instan'ces such" as his reply to the Corporation 'and, the Reform Club, they make us wonder what is .'next to happen in the so-called old eete Turkey. She will become at the Sultan's hands another' Eng land 'orAmerica in'her rivalry of progress. The spirit of the Sultan's speeches 'presents a most striking. contrast to that of the Pope's 'Allocutions. I was fortunate 'in getting a glimpse;"of this interesting personage .the other 'day?s i'b' drove 'out of 'Baokingham' Palace on the way todinner with the Mayor and some three thousand more of a company at the Guildhall. ' He bowed to us in. a pleasant and gratified way as we cheered him on passing, and his little son who was in'a carriage preceding-a 'very bright-eyed little fellow, but not very strong looking was:: most demonstrative, in his courtesies. Within the last few days, Sultan, Viceroy, and Belgians have all cleared off, and except that the Empress of the French is just, over on a short 'private visit' to the Queen at Osborne, we are promised' a rest for i time from holiday excitements of this kind.' Then the Viceroy of Egypthani also been well received. He narrowly escaped a shabby reception by our authorities. He would piobably have been allowed 'to come and go almost as a private individual.' Next he was to be sent to Mivart's Hotel. But the Viceroy stands well amongst us, bolh for the commercial importance of his country and his own .liberal aud hospitable doings. .So the public voice came . successively, and sharply to his aid, and with each note of it the Government grew more attentive. : Lord Dudley came opportunely to the rescue by offering to the Government for the Pasha's use his handsome mansion in Park Lane.' The ,Belgians have been enthusiastically received, and have left us to all appearances highly gratified. This international visiting, more especially among the crowned heads, is chiefly due to the great French exhibition,' or rather, we ought to say, it is due to the influence and example of' the French Emperor. Few princes have done so much in breaking up the starch of "divine right" and humanising the occupants of throne by bringing them in contact with their fellow mortals. TH ;TE REFORM IILL. SThis great measure passed the third read ing ii 'the Commons on the 15th instant, and was thereafter promptly sent to the Lords, 'among whom, after two days of hard debate (a most unusual thing there), it passed the second reading' three days' ago. The Lords' were excited to' the extent of sitting till past one a.m. Lord Grey tendered an amendment: in rather strong terms of hos tility, concluding, however, with an admis sion of the necessity of some reform measure, and an inteotion of important alterations if the second reading were allowed. He was vigorously opposed by Lord Derby, who had previously assembled a hundred peers at a private meeting on 'the subject. - So feebly was Lord Grey supported that his motion was negatived without a division. ' The only very important incident in the Bill's progress in the Conimons since last mail was a con cession volUtnteered by the Government of one additional member to four of the chief provincial towns. You may remember they dfeated hir. Lainds mdtion that' six' townsH should be thus favored,' namely, Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, Birmingham, :Sheffield, and Bristol... The proposal seemed so.equit able, and the majority that defended it was so senall (only six, I think), that a'couiproe miss was offered and accepted in favor of the'first four towns. TI may here add that the" Reform Bill for Scotland (the insin points' of which I lloliove 'I gave ,you lately) passed the ".second reading in the.Commons a few days ago. "'So you'see we move apace. The character andrate' of progress of, this;refdrm procedure is altogether a surprise to us.. ".Who would have ' thought it ' and from the Tories, too I It' is ;iquite refreshing 'to: listen toseome of these' heretofore staunch oldifogies discoursing. on:?the good 'tendencies, ofi the mass of our people, even those of democratic boroughs, and' even asserting that 'conservative in fluences among the lower tier of society will increase the power and influene, of the upper classes; and. will only, weaken, that of, the present ten-pounder. However this may be, and it is not at all an'uinlikely result of a franklionfidence emaiating from these upper classes, oneo is glad to see the .rapid.dissipa tion -of-a -groundless -tbrror that seemed to bar out the greater portion of parliament and of our upper classes generally, to tile effect that if a numerical' majority of the-.lower class possessed the franchise they. must. as a matter of: course use it 'against the other classes. As long as this feeling was master, adequate reforms weroe.impossible. rMIscLLANEOUS. We had" avery pleasant trip down' the Thames yesterday, on the occasion of the trial of the new steamship Somorsetehire, be longing to Messis. Money Wigram and Co. There were many colonists old and new aboard, and we had most charming weather, very different ;froml to-day,,which is so bad in the ncar prospcct of harvest' as to 'have made our money market very dull, and that too in the face of yesterday's fall in the bank rate to 2'per cent.: The steamer had about four' hundred on board, among. whom. I noticed Captain Gilmore and Mr. J. A. Youl, Messrs. Jas. M'Ewen, M'Bain,' 3nod. Gray, Gibbs, Crombie,'Westgarth, Dunn, :e., &ec.; After cruising for five, hours, :making' ten knots with a delightfully, steady Iace, we returned to Blackwall' Docks at 7, p.m. This fine 'ship,; which is" most comfortably fitted up, goes into the Melbourne trade 'in place of'the,ill- fated London, and sails next month. ' Ber berths are largely engaged already. Our active' and useful friend Mr. Youl has already been publicly, entertained in honor of his successful exertions with the salmon to Australia,; but' this. first recognition has come ' from a' very unexpected quarter, namely, 'Galway in Ireland.' It is time something was,done nearer home, .whether that be his present or his former home, London or the colony. .I expect we shall get up some demonistration for him, a'dinner or somethingi of 'that. kind,"waiting i little longer just to be certain.that.you really have. five and aix pound salmon sporting in the Derweint , `.' LoNo, July 9. The metropolis is all agog Wvith distin guislhed visitors, past, present,' or to come. On Saturday evening the Viceroy of Egypt arrived from Paris.. No palace' was at his disposal-no royal invitation-and had.not the Government remembered that to the Viceroy we are indebted for a safe road to India, he must have gone into lodgings at his agent's house at Blackheath. Even the Government only proposed to find him apartments at Claridges 'Hotel, 'but great dissatisfaction was felt at this 'arrangement; and there is .no knowing what would have been said or done had not Lord Dudley inter posed; and put his splendid mansion in Park 'Lane at the Viceroy's disposal. The King of Egypt (that is his 'proper title now) lost no time in seeing what was to be seen . He ar. rived at 5 o'clock, and went to the Opera the same evening. On Monday hiis'high'ness was invited to ,visit the Queen at Windsor Castle, and there he. remained for the night.' The Sunday he employed in visiting the Prince of Wales and the Premier.' To- morrow he is coming into the city to ,'see the Lord' Mayosr and . Corporation. '' By_. the by, the. Lord .Mayor has been to Paris, on the occasion of the distribution of prizes at 'the Great Exhi-. bition; . aid exkhibited the wonderful 'State coach, that rumbles, through lLondon on the 9tlh of November. We hear, that the people of Paris saw the great sight 'with 'much satis fiction, and that their traditional ideas of the greatness of the Lord Mayor have been rather. strengthened than. otherwise. ' The Sublime Porto is to move hitlierwards next Saturday. ' As the Sultan can tread no land" but his' own an act was passed' at Con stantinople before. he' left it, annexing , the countriies of France and England--when, hel returns he will' graciouily restore us our independence. " ,.All,ext week there will be great gaiety : on Wtlnerilay there .will'be .a grand naval review 'at Spitledid.. The Queen will take the Sultan down in'her yacht, and it is said that the Empress of the Frenich will join' the party.' All the, aristocracy-the members of Parliaminont-the whole oflicial woild will be thesre :so grand an occasion has not been for nmany anday. ,On Thursdlay the Sultanmwill be feasted in the city. On Friday he will be taken to a great ball at the India house. The Belgian riflemen are to pay its a visit this week. They,are to be entertained on Friday by the : Corporation, and to have a soirea in the evenisng 'at South Kensington. Large numbers of our own volunteers are now in camp atb'Wimnbleon, and 'there thie Belgians 'will be received on Saturday.u c he Prince of Walehoi Grand balls, concer~s, fetes, and all sorts of amusements are pro vided for them during the following week: On Saturday week they will join in a volun- 1 teer review at Wimbledon. Thus you will see 1 that we lhavo i-othing to think or talk of hut feasting and feteing. . A grand review of cavalry and other 1 troops was to have come offin Hyde Park on Friday, but it was put off at thelast mo ment because of the news of the execution of a the Emperor Maximilian, for whom all the royal ifamilies of the Old World have gone into deep mourning. The revenge of the Mexicans has made a profound impression here, but Maximilian has only had meted to him' what' ho meted to others. He had several Republican officers of high repute, whom helhad taken prisoners of war, shot in cool,blood:." Still there is no doubt that JuardB has Made a great mistake in'executing Maximilian after the United States had ex pressly, reimonstrated against such an act. Maximilian was no doubt fool-hardy in re maining in the country after the French troops were withdrawn'; yet the shadbw of this tragedy will never cease to' haunt the Tuileries. ' This Mexican expedition, ending in utter failure, such waste of money, a mur dered Emperor, and a mad Empress, will prove' the greatest mistake in Napoleon's career..' There 'are now four comio weeklies pub lished in London. Of course, none of them comes up to our old friend Puch in ability or wit; still they are decent, and seem likely to live. Punca has recently outdone him self in some of his large .cartoons by Teniel, which both as political caricatures and as real works of art have extorted universal admira tion. The newest of his rivals, which calls itself the Tlbmalawik, to show what a slashing fellow lie intends to be, had a tinted cartoon last week which has occasioned much talk. 'It represented John Bull holding back the Prince of Wales from following the ghost of George IV., as he is bent on doing. The picture no doubt reflects the popular rumor : how far it reflects the truth 'twere hard to say. The Princess of Wales is getting better at last. She took a drive in the park for the first time last Saturday. The House of Commons is still pottering over the Reform Bill, and fears begin to be entertained that there. will 'not be time to pass it; but the Liberals are now resolved that it shall pass, and hosts of amendments have been witlhd'rawn. 'All other measures are crushed-they have no chance at all and the proceedings of Parliament are sun premely monotonous. . Prorogation is talked of about the 17th of August. LoDoov, July 20. Many'years have passed since the metro polls of England was so absorbed in gaiety, n such a delirium of festivity, as it has been during the' past week. . The Sultan arrived here yesterday week, and the reception he has had seems to have pleased him greatly. The feelings which his visit has awakened have been of a mixed character. English men do not generally now approve of the Palmerstonian policy of inaintaining Turkey at any price.' Their sympathies go rather with the Greek Christians whom the Sultan's soldiers are tlaughtering in Crete.' It is felt that the Chridtiai'uiibjects of the Porte must and ought !soon to have their independence; that the best hope for South-Eastern Europe lies in erecting a now and vigorous nation out of the Christian races who now groan under Tuikish nmisrule, and that the sooner the .Turk retires. into Asia the better. Many, therefore, regret the appearance of the Sultan among -us and regard the compliments that are paid to him as ill-tinied. On the other htand we cannot forget" that the Sultan is not only the ruler of Turkey, but the head of the lMahommedan' world, and that at least a third of the' population of our great Eastern empire are Mussulmen and regard the Sultan with veneration. If they hear that he has been paid great respect and honor in Eng land they will make all the better subjects. Of course the multitude trouble themselves neither, about Greek nor Mussulman ; they gape and shout at Sultan and Czar from mere instinct.' Abdul Aziz, however, has been delighted' with the attentions of the mob. WVhile 'lihe was in France lie was sleepy and dull, looking always as if in effably bored; but when his carriage on the way from the railway station to Buckingham Palace got jammed in the midst of a crowd, who cheered him as only an English crowd can cheer, he became thoroughly excited with .pleasure and bowed with incessant smiles and other demonstrations of delight. The oneother thing which has greatly moved him is the steam hammer, which he saw on his.visit to Woolwich Arsenal. It nraised his wonder and astonishment to the utmost pitch, and lie insisted on trying all sorts of experiments with it. He paid a brief visit to the Queen at Windsor, went in great state with the Prince of Wales to the Opera, in spected our arsenals, was taken to the Crystal Palace, haes been -handsomely feted by the nobility, dined with the Lord Mayor at a great city banquet,, been present at a naval review, and finally attended a magnificent ballatthe India House. The naval review was expected to have been a very imposing affair but the weather was unfavorable, and the ships could not, orat least did not, leave their anchorage. Thousands of people went down from London, and the channel was crowded with steadiers and yachts, but they saw very little though they heard an immense deal of noise. The Queen in herroyal yacht, followed by other steamers containing the Sultan, the Viceroy of Egypt, the houses of Lords and Commons, &c.;, sailed slowly through the fleet; and it was a grand sight even to look upon that double line of mes-of-war-the one composed of graceful frigates headed by an old-faishioned three-decker-the other composed of ugly but terrible iron-clads, and stretching three miles and a-half. At the opera and Crystal SPalace odes were sung-hi'honor of 'his Im perial Majesty, which, if he understood them, must have impressed .him with the idea that the English poetasters were great fools. Not only were they utterly absurd .and outdoing all Eastern hyperbole by their extravagance, but they promised the blessings of lHevien and all its joys to the successor of the False Prophet. He cannot, indeed, have conceived any very high idea of our religious conscicn. tiousness or consistency, for on Sunday lie was driven about by the Prince of Wales front one entertainment to another all day long., He will fancy that ouri Christianity sits very lightly upon us. The Viceroy of Egypt was treated in the same manner upon our day of worship--his entertainer, Lord Dudley, taking him first to visit the Duchess of Sutherland, then for a .row on the river, and finally to a quaint dinner in a riverside inn. The ball at the India House was very gorgeous. It was thoroughly Oriental in the style of its decorations, and none but persons who had been presented at Court received invitations. The Crystal Palace has benefited not a little by the visits of theose strangers from the East. r Tihe Sultan gave £1000, and the Viceroy £500 to the fund for rebuilding the part of the Palace that was burnt some months ago. The Viceroy, likd a sensible man; interested in the peaceful development of the prosperity of his country, has twice visited the Show of the Royal Agricultural Society which is being held at Bury, and diligently inspected the isn plements. All this week, also, we have been busily entertaining 2400 Belgian volunteers. They had each a medal given them in the midst of pouring rain last Saturday. On Tuesday the Queen gave them a luncheon at Windsor, and they manifested their admiration for her Majesty with riotous enthusiam. On Thurs day they were invited to a ball at the Agri cultural Hall, Islington ; yesterday they were fOted by Miss Burdett Coutts, and to-day they join in a volunteer review at Wim bledon. The shooting at Wimbledon this year has been very good. In the great competition be tween the thieo nations England was suc cessful, after a very hard struggle with Scotland. The chief prize (the Elcho shlield) was only won by a single point, England scoring 1007 and Scotland 1000. The Refoirm Bill was read a third time last Monday in the House of Commons Lord Cranbourne solemnly denounced the utter want of principle exhibited by the Ministry, and Mr. Lowe predicted all manner of evils from the measure. Mr. Gladstone did not speak. Mr. Disraeli made a clever but very unsatisfactory defence of the Go vernment. There was no division. The Bill is now before the Lords, where its second reading will be moved on Monday next. Lord Grey leads the opposition to it, and an earnest attempt will be made to get rid of the lodger franchise. The Premier summoned the Conservative peers to meet him yesterday afternoon, and doubtless gave them very sufficient reasons why they should let the Bill pass quietly. What a change since 1831 1 July 26. Our distinguished visitors have all left Sultan, Viceroy, Belgians have all departed, and the town has resumed something of its wonted quiet. The gaiety of the last days of the Sultan's stay with us was marred by a very melanclholy incident. Just as the Im perial party were entering the supper room during the festivities at the India House, Madame Musurus, the wife of the Turkish Ambassador was seized with illness, which in a very brief space had a fatal termination. It was the very hour of her triumph. The brilliant reception accorded to the Sultan was not a little the result of M. nMusurus' man agement, and his gratified master had just rewarded him by making hint a Pasha. Madame Musnrus was held in estima tion. ' She was a daughter of Prince Vogorides, and had been married to the Ambassador for 28 years. She leaves a family of two sons and four daughters. The Queen and Royal family manifested the utmost concern when the sad event was known, and the Sultan shut himself up during the two next days. He was to have paid a second visit to Windsor on the Sunday, but this melancholy aflftir prevented it. On Monday lie visited the Houses of Parliament, and in the evening lihe attended a soiree at the Horticultural Gardens. He paid one, and only one, private visit, and that was to Lady Palmerston. Lord Palmerston, he said, was the Englishman who of all others lie wished to have seen-strange testimony to the prestige attaching abroad to the noble Lord's name; and since he was removed by death lie could not forbear paying respects to his widow. His Imperial Majesty-so he is styled in the public prints-embarked at Dover on Tuesday for Calais, on his way to Brussels-thence to Coblentz, where le will meet the King of Prussia, and afterwards to Vienna, and home through Pesth, where the Hungarians intend to give him a very hearty welcome. They remember with gratitude that he gave their leaders shelter, and prc served them from the vengeance of Austria after the campaigns of twenty years since. He has left some pleasant tokens of the gratification his visit to England has afforded him. He has entrusted the Lord Mayor with £2500 to be distributed among the poor of London. The Viceroy presented the Lady Mayoress with a magnificent brooch of pearls and diamonds. The Lord Mayor is to be made a baronet, and the two Sheriffs of London are to be knighted for their attentions to our foreign visitors. Thie Belgians were particularly impressed by the hospitality of Miss Bunlett Coutts. lThe fete given in their honor in that lady's grounds was especially pleasant. They took their departure on Mionday. Small parties of them visited somne of the principal pmvlin cial towns-Derby, Manchester, &e.-and; were everywhere very handsomely receive d. The Reform Bill has been read a second time in the house of Lords without a divi sion,although in the two nights' debate upon it not a single peer on either side the House professed to be completely satisfied with the' measure. The Whig leaders, 'such as the Earl Russell and the Duke of Argyle, de clared that it extended the franchiso further than they thought wise. The Earl of Shaftes bury predicted the most dire results from it, and especially "a revival of that greet feud between the House of Want and thi House of Plenty;" and Lord Carnarvon, who left the Ministry because of this bill, eloquently inveighed against the weakness, treachery, and dishonesty of the Ministry. EarlDerby' in his reply fell upon Lord Carnarvon with great bitterness. Several elections have taken place this week. Sir John Rolt, the Attorney- General, having been made a judge in the place of Lord Chief Justice Turner, just deceased, some other legal promotions have taken place. Sir J. B. . Karslake has been mand Attorney General, and Mr. Selwyn Solicitor-General. These two gentlemen had therefore to return. to their constituencies, and on Monday they were both re-elected, the lh?it for Andover, and the last for Cambridge University. Two other seats were vacant by the death of,the memben s who had occupied them. Mr. Winm. Sholefield, the useful and respected member for Birmingham, and Mr. Treherne, the Con. servativo member for Coventry, both died a few days ago, and the elections to cho?so other reprcsentatives in their places were on Tuesday. At Coventry the opera tives since the passing of the French treaty, which they imagine has greatly injured their craft of ribbon making, have conceived a great dislike to lmr. Glad stone, and thus conservatism luhas been in favor there. The candidate, however, who represented tlhat side of politics in this (con test, was not a man to reconuendi it. Mr. Bousfield Ferrand has sat for several con stituencies, but has always proved a very disagreeable and unacceptable member. For this or some other cause the men of Coven try rejected him, and the Liberal candidate obtained a majority of 300 votes. The Birmingham election was very excit ing. The Liberal candidate was Mr. Dixon, who resigned the alayoralty that lie might seek pwrliamentary hionos. The Conserva tives brought forward Mr. Sampson Lloyd, a banker of much influence, but they chiefly rested their hopes of success in this most nldical of towns upon the services of a Mr. Murphy, who has lately been lecturing so violently against the Roman Catholics as to excite a great riot, in which many windows were smashed and many persons injured. Mr. Dixon, as Mayor, had refused .slurphy the use of the Town Hall, and Murphy in return denounced him as an enemy of free speech and a favorer of Popery. The populace were greatly excited, the nomination was most riotous, and the issue seemed doubtful; but a jspeech of Mr. Bright, in favor of Mr. Dixon, had a great effect, and .when the poll closed it was found that he had a majority of more than 1000 votes. A very indecent speech by a Mr. Purcell, a recently appointed stipendiary magistrate in Jamaica, has occupied the attention of the House of Lords. While sitting to hear some case lie is reported toluave said :-" I do not care about any opinion of Sir Alexander Cockburn. llis opinions are worth nothing. He never was a lawyer. He was indebted for his appointment to the circumstance, as is well known, of his having done some service to Lord Palmerston in the Greek question. H'Io never should have been put on the Bench." Earl Russell called the attention of the Lord Chancellor to this speech, and it was announced that he had already been recalled. Lord Melville stigmatised the Lord Chief Justice's charge as " unfair, partial, and unjust ;" but this only elicited a warm eulogy of this " great charge" from the Lord Chancellor and Lord Crnnworth, though both are politically opposed to Sir Alexander Cockburn. One of the most important measures which has this year passed the House of Commons 5by large majorities- that for abolishing all tests in the Universities of Oxford and Cant bridge- was last night thrown out in the Lords. The same fate doubtless awaits the Church Rates Abolition Bill, which was read a third time in the Commons. The telegraphic messages of good will and wishes which passed between the Sultan- and her Majesty when lie was on the point of leaving England are published this morning. The Sultan trusts that " the precious days of your Majesty will be preserved, and I shall retain an eternal recollection of the agreeable dI ays I have spent on the hospitable soil of England." 