THE THEATRES. THEATRE ROYAL. Thts house waa crowded almost to excess upon tho occasion of the Erst production of the nen Christmas burlesque pantomime, from the pen ol Mr. W. M. Akburst, entitled "Tom, Tom, the Piper s Son, and Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary; or, Harlequin PlzgF Wiggy, and the Good Child's History of England." There are « number of characters Introduced into tho piece, but tho most prominent brought before the 1 audience ore — Tom, represented by Mr. Har. wosd; Mary, Mary, by Miss Emily Wiseman ; Bolformosa, by Miss Docy Stewart; and A1I- sortzoveiss, by Mr. R. Stewart. According to tho old legend, Tem, the son of the piper, stole a pig, wllk which he ran away. Mary, Mary — who ia tho character of a good genius somehow appears upon tho scene — sets about the task of reforming Tom, and releasing him from the bad lofluonces of Allsoitzovlosa; and with this end In view, whilst Tom Is In prison for plg- stenllng, she shows him by mosns of pictorial Illustrations to what a bad end he tnay como by following his evil courses and his liking for pig, wlillo an nmeuded life would lead him to tho high position of a mayor, who might liavo tho honour of presenting an address. Tom Is after wards submitted to a course of history, and oil tho monarchs of England, from the Conqueror down to our present Sovereign, ore passed la review beforo him. From history he dashes through tho grounds of geography, and Easily, after satisfactorily going through tho ordeal, marrle3 Mary, Alary, and, as may be supposed, leads a happy life. Tho piece Is full of puns and jokes — good, bad, and indlflbrent ; but mat of them seemed to go down with tho audience. Air. Harwocd, who Is always amusing In whatever comic part he undertakes, msda the most of Tern, end soon placed himself on good terms with his patrons. Miss Emily Wiseman looked charmingly and played her part with great spirit. In the musical portions of the piece her fine voice was board to groat advantage. AIlss Docy Stewart looked the good gonlus she represented. Mr. R, Stowart has n sort of Khorsanbad character, but a milder kind of villain. AU the new and po- "uinr melodic; Jjjva U— i..« ; ; ".a i r -on juuiciousiy Introuuceu, and we may therefore expect them to bo speedily familiarised. Thero is an Insufficiency of dancing, and a good break-down or two would bo an Improvement. Tho great feature In the burlesque is when the Kings and Queens of England, represented by children of all ages and sizes, are Introduced, They are all dressed most correctly In tho stylo of tho period, and go through their business splendidly. Little Laura Wiseman, as the second Chnilcs, has a capital song to slog to the air of " Champagne Charley," and aha gave it so well that It was encored. The piece should play a little closer tliau it does now, but it U scarcely fair to judgo of the merits of any piece upon the Erst ropicsentatlon, when every thing Is not always as perfect as It should bo. After another performance or two, no doubt, all will go smoothly and well, and this' pantomime will be as suceessfal as the others by the same rnthor. Air. Honntnge has painted some, very pretty scenery, the transformation scene being a perfect work of art. The dresses are good, and the burlotquo generally Is well mounted. In tho harlequinade thero ii the usual amcont of fun and merriment. Air. J. L. Hall Is the clown, and a very good one too. Mr. Morris is the pantaloon, Miss Nelll columbine, and Mr. Flexmore harlequin. ROYAL HAYMARKET THEATRE. The amateur performance at this theatre, for the benefit of the vailaus charitable Institutions and towards establishing an asylum for decayed actors, attneted, perhnps, the most brilllaBt audience that has been ever soon Inside tho wolls of an Australian theatre. On the Eratday that the box plan was thrown open every seat was engaged; and during yeBtcrday offers of a con siderable advaaco upon tho upsot price — which was fixed at doublo tbo ordinary fee— were In sufficient to procuro a placo. Ills Ravel High ness, attended by Commender Campbell, R.N., Alsjor Raker, and Captain Stnndlsb, and fol lowed by Mr. II nig, Mr. Afanuers Sutton, and Mr. Rnthwoll, eotered tho houso shortly after 8; the hand of tho Galaten, ono of tho beat wo ever hoard, playiog tho National Anihera, aed tho audlonoo rising Ol ma'so. The scene at this I tirao was very striking. The dress elcle was cranjmoil, many elogantly dressed ladles being I obliged to stand, and several having had to seek refuge In tho stalls. Amongst tbo audience I wero aovernl of tbo mombers of tho Reception Commission, of both Houses of Parliament, officers In tbo navy and army, and many of tbo loading professional and msrcautilc gentlemen of Melbourne, with their families. The curtain rose ' upon tbo well-known farce of 'The Area Belle," la wblcb the three lovers of Penelope (Miss Earl) wero impersonated by Lord Newry, Lieutenant Pltzgeorgo, nnl Mr. Bruce. The flrst- nnmod gentleman was an ex cellent representative of tho British Guards man, hut tho honours of tho pleco, despite the excellent acting of Mr. Bruco (ono of tho bast eccentric comedians wo have seen slnco our last night with Buckatone), wero certainly oarried away by Air. PI zgeorge, who looked and acted as if tho whoto of his life liBd been spent In perambulating a West End heat and making love to good-looking cooks. The piece de re - eietance, "Tbo Isle of 8t. Tropcz," was of a kind to tax the powers of amateurs very severely. The plot Is very lutcrosting, and tho situations most effective. Tho hero, Henri Desart (Hon. Elliot Yorkc), has mado a largo fortune as tho CBptaln of privateers. This bis comrade, Antolne Lauoay (Mr. Fitzgcorgc), hopes to inherit; but. Henri, to Lis disgust, marries Amelia (Mrs. Heir), the daughter ot a noble, but reduced family. Sbo bad formerly been engaged to Charles Dorvllle ( Mr. W. Levey). Antolna resolves to poison his friend under cir- cumstances which shall maka him bellevo that bis wife Is tbo culprit, aod ho almost succeeds In both endeavours, tbo husband being only unde ceived upon bis doathbed, when ho discovers that his murderer Is Antolne. As Henri, Mr. Yorke had a most arduous task to play; for If nothing Is so difficult for an amateur to acquire as a knowledge of stag bueinass, so iu no species of dramatic representation Is thero so much business, and of so peculiar a description, as In melodrama. To oay, there- lore, that Air. Yorke succeeded, Is far higher praise, than to sty ho made a great bit in en old-fashioned comedy, where good elocution and gentlemanly bearing are tho piinclpal requisites. Indeed, the natural stylo of acting would have stood Air. Yoike la very little stead last night. In the earlier portion of the drama ha was suffering from nervousness ; but la tbo third act he completely carried his audience with him, and urprlsed the more critics), who had not given him credit for the possession of so much power. Hlsdcath scene was very effective. Air. Fl'zgeorge had an unpleasant and up-hill teuk, but | ha acquitted himself marvellously well, and 1 showed that he po-scsaes great and varied I histrionic ability. Air. William Levey had not I much to do as Darriile, but ho looked tho part I thoroughly, and acted with greater feeling than I he generally does; lis elocution was, as It I usually Is, admirable. Air. Bruco Infused all I tho fun iato tho little part of Dumcry which so I Insignificant a role Is capable of, and the I same may be said of Colonel Redo and I Mr. Banks as Gerfaat and Louis. "Box I and Cox," (he two heroes being played by Lord I Newry and Mr. Bruco, kept tbo audience In a I roar until considerably after midnight. The I principal actors wero called before tho curtoia at I tho conclusion of oscb act of tho melodrama. I Of the assl-tnnce given to tbo amateurs by the I ladles, It would be Impossible to speak too highly. I Airs, Holr's Amello was a charming perform- I ance, and Miss Earle made a most piquante and vivacious Area Belle. The Duke and his suite I remained till a lato hour. I THE PRINCESS THEATRE. AlesBrs. Lenton and Smith's Dragon troupo of I Japanese performers, who made their first ap pearance htro beforo a very gojd houso at tho Princess Theatre lest night, fully deserve tho praises given to them in the Iudiau and China papers. Their entertainment la decidedly tho best aud most novel of its class ever presented i to en Australian nudlsnco ; and the ap plause of tbo spectators last night showed I that Us merit was fully appreciated, i During tho entertainment the stage is arranged I so as to represent a Japanese lea house; and if the series of juggling and gymnastic feats per- t formed last night Is habitually gono through for , tho frequenters of such places, we can only say i that the opening of the Japanese ports will Intro- . dues European civilisation to a peoplo evidently well able to appreciate Its benefits. The troupe | numbers eight ntalo and thrco femelo performers, I exclusive of tho boys Hcrberto, Frenk and I John Lenton, and Lulgl Ferrari. Of their performances last night It would be difficult to speak too highly, for everything— butterfly- I trick, top- spinning, pedal b dancing, and slack - rope dauclDg— wa3 most cleverly and neatly I done. The only improvement wo could suggest would be tho introduction, In tho hutleifly-trick, of some darker background, In order that the I tho pieces of paper might ba moro clearly Been. I Tho bamboo balancing feat, performed by Gengcro I and tbo boy Chcokltcheo, was also wonderfully I doao ; and, though towards tho end, while tho boy was sliding down the bamboo It slipped off Gengcro'a shoulder, the relive youngster I managed to land on hU feet without the slightest I injury. The juggling tricks which followed were I most dexterously nnd neatly performed, com- I pletely belying tho somewhat clumsy appearance I of tho adopt, for though blindfolded, Gcngero I succeeded la several times catching tho I thrco balls sent simultaneously ioto tho I air. Tbo European members of tho I troupo also went through thalr work I in an extremely creditable manner, giving I tokens of great improvement since they were last I here ; but tho hit of ttie even!; g was the slack- rope donclug— or raLhfr posturing — by Cuts- who-ge-ro, the femelo dancer. This really wnndetful and, 'decidedly cccentrlc-looklng female first ascended to a reps stretched across the stage, and without tin; assistance of any polo whatever, wont through a series of posturlngs representing a Japanese flirta tion, twisting onu twirling o fan, and opening and shutting an umbrella as ceally as if 1 02 ' www » !.ho 8,. other female performers and a man jiliyed some J apancse air, probably very fashionable In Yo kohama— tho two forHior on a species of guitar, and the last on a drum something like the Indian tom-tom, Tho performance concluded by the lady of Jeddo going through the same feats on a ropo extended from the side of the stage to the centre box of tho dress circle, where she was received by ono of tho malo per formers, and, amid loud applauso, made her way back to tho slcgb to acknowledge the samo by the orthodox prostration. The performance will bo repeated to-night, nnd will doubtlosa attract a still moro numerous audience, MR. MONTGOMERY'S READINGS. Taking Into consideration the attractions at the numerous plBcca of amusement which aro now open In Melbourne, the audience at St. i I George's- hall last evening woe a very good one. Mr. Montgomery, lu addition to repeating othor recitations, which he baa . given several times on other evenings, Included la bis pro gramme tho humorous rhyming history of " Mr. and Mra. Smith at Homo," written for him by Mr. Acton, of tho Manchester Guardian — and not the Bxaminer, as has baen stated. " Mary's Ghost" elicited a good deal of genuine laughter from an andlence that had evidently come there prepared for the comic portion of tho entertain ment. Mr. Montgomery stated that this even ing, at the request of several friends, he Intended to read Edgar Allan Poe'a " Raven." MR. AND MRS. CASE'S ENTERTAIN MENT. The Polytechnic was very numerously at tended last evening. Mr. and Mrs. Case's entertainment, " The Lo3t Party," went off capitally and was much applauded. As tho' Wizard of the East, Aire. Cue Introduced the Protean Cabinet, and the Illusion was so suc cessful as over. Tho entertainment, which Is really of a high character, Is to be repeated this evening. VARIETIES. Thero was a moderately good audlenco at tide place of entertainment last evening ; nnd la addition to tho usual musical entertainment, a laughable local burlesque iu three ocls, called "Jupiter's Frolic, or Racing Alad," was played for the second time. It Is very well got up, and introduces eorho well-known characters, while the local allusions are generally telling and cffectivo. 