GRANTFORD GRANGE. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. CHARTER XXXIX. STARTLING INFORMATION. JUSTICE MORGAN, the judge who had presided at the trial of Lionel Peyton for the murder of little Otho Grantford, sat, upon the Friday morning on which the prisoner was to die, be- fore an untasted breakfast in his luxurious apartment, scarcely less agitated than were the friends of the unhappy prisoner himself. He was a bachelor, a bon vivant, a merry, white-haired old man, with the peachy cheeks and pearly teeth of a boy, and with a great, active brain, well balanced in intellectual and animal qualities. He was a man to live a long and joyous life, little prone to take care to his heart—something of a philosopher even when trouble actually came to him. But to-day he was altered beyond recognition. His appetite was gone ; his cheek pale ; his hand tremulous. For the first time in his life he doubted himself. By slow degrees doubts of the evidence brought forward at the trial, and the possibility of the prisoner's innocence, had been growing upon him, until it seemed, on this day of all others, an absolute certainty. Nothing could be done ; no legal power could revoke the sentence now. He who proposed it on the strength of a mere fancy would be pronounced a madman. Yet over and over again his own question and Lionel's answer sounded in the ears of old Justice Morgan, as though whispered by some spirit : "Prisoner, do you know of any reason why sentence of death should not be pronounced against you ?" "Only one, your Honour :— I am innocent." Many a man, standing in the dock, had made such an answer as this ; many a guilty man had pleaded "not guilty." But the words never yet had haunted Justice Morgan as they now haunted him. Lionel had spoken as honest men speak. Truth was in his eye and in his voice. Every time the judge who had decreed his death remembered the scene in the court- room this conviction became stronger, until, in the face of evidence which had convinced the jury, the whole court, even the prisoner's own council—Justice Morgan began to look upon himself almost as a murderer—certainly as the persecutor of an innocent man. Yet there was no proof that he was right. Had he been questioned he could only have spoken of a look, a tone, a something which might well be the deep dissimulation of a practised actor. His legal brethren would fancy him in his dotage could he bring himself to tell them of the utter revulsion of feeling he had experienced without one iota of "evidence"— he, who had pronounced sentence on the prisoner with his own lips. At night that white head tossed uneasily upon the pillow, and in dreams the solemnly uttered words, "I am innocent," and the searching, earnest look of the deep blue eyes fixed on him as Lionel spoke, were repeated over and over again. The judge had done his duty—had acted according to his conscience in endorsing the verdict of the twelve enlightened men who had based their decision on the facts elicited from the witnesses before them. All was legally done —all outwardly just. At the moment, strange to say, the words of the prisoner had seemed only the performance of the role expected of him in the tragedy ; but now they returned, haunting Justice Morgan with their truth— charging him with wrong-doing, whispering to him a thousand times a day : "Thou art the murderer—the unjust perse- cutor of the innocent." His servant had brought him the breakfast, not yet touched, and the morning paper at the same time. The first line he glanced at in the latter spoke of the event which would take place at noon that day, and gave the public a summary of the prisoner's crime. He had been judged guilty, and as of monster in human form was he described. It made one's blood run cold to road of the murder of that helpless child by the hands of the handsome tutor who had stolen into his home like a wolf into the sheep-fold, who was unknown to any there, the next of kin, the heir to the Grantford estates in the event of the boy's death. His motive in being there under an assumed name could have been, but one. That which prompted him to take the life of his little cousin was that which had prompted men to crimes as terrible since men where. Reading the clearly stated facts, Justice Morgan felt assured that the verdict of the jurors and the sentence he had pronounced could have been nothing but what they were. Yet in the face of all arose the earnest look, the proud movement of the head, the clear, true voice, speaking as though at once addressing men and Heaven, "I am innocent." Justice Morgan arose and paced his room. A timepiece on the mantle seemed to count the seconds as they were never counted before ; the quivering little second hand flew around the minutes as though in a mad race with time. The sun growing brighter as it arose, seemed to say, "I am nearer noon than when you last looked at me." And the judge set his teeth and clenched his hands until the daintily tended nails cut the soft, plump palm. In the midst of this excitement some one knocked at the door. The judge knew the sound of the knuckles, and called, "Come in." His servant entered. "A woman wishes to speak with you, sir," he said. "She must wait, then," replied the judge. "I've no time for ladies to-day." The man hesitated. "It's not a lady, I think, sir," he said—"a poor wandering body, I think and she's in great trouble." "I cannot see her now, Frank," said the judge. "Tell her so." Frank departed. He returned instantly. "She says it's a matter of life and death," he said ; that she will see you, at once." "Well !" cried the judge. "She's coming up, I think, sir," said Frank. "Let her come then," said the irate gentleman. "She will not stay long. What is it, Frank ?" For Frank was bowing. "Please, sir, I think you said I might have an hour, sir, and a pass to see the hanging." "My God !" cried the judge, "why do you want to see so horrible a thing ?" "It's such an awful case. I can't pity the man, sir and then, sir, you know you sentenced him, and I feel a kind of—" "Not another word, you rascal," cried the judge. "Go, and I'll dismiss you to- morrow." "I beg your pardon. The woman's here, sir," cried Frank, trembling with fright beneath the frown and at the stern voice of his master. And in another moment Justice Morgan stood face to face with Hagar, wan and travel- stained, bearing in her arms the attenuated form of a young child. She paused for no bidding to enter, but stalked passed him, and seated herself in his own great arm-chair, while he, in amaze, stared at her. "Cool," he ejaculated ; "cool, certainly. I told you I would not see you, woman. I sent word to that effect by my servant yonder. How dare you intrude upon me ? It is not the way to extort charity from me, if that be your object." Hagar lifted her dark head. "I am no beggar," she said. "We have met before, under different circumstances. Can't you remember me ?" The judge shook his head. "You were a friend of Henry Grantford's." "Yes." "You dined with him twice while his gipsy wife, Hagar, lived with him. It's years ago now, but I remember you." "I begin to remember you," cried Justice Morgan. "Yes, yes—the eyes and the hair and the voice. And you are poor Harry Grant- ford's wife ; and—great Heaven, yes—Otho was your child !" "My little lad—my treasure," moaned Hagar. "You certainly proved yourself very fond of your child," said the judge with a sneer. "The trial has brought you here I suppose. Per- haps like the fellow yonder, you 'want a pass to see the execution.' " Hagar's eyes flashed. "I come to stop the execution," she said. "The man you are going to hang is innocent." "Great Heaven—innocent ! Can you prove it ? Do you know the murderer ?" almost shrieked the judge. "Why have you delayed so long ? Speak, the time is flying. Who did the deed ?" "No one," said Hagar. "No one—you are mad !" "The child lives," said the gipsy mother. "He will not live long, but he breathes still. The body they picked up on the lake was not his. Look !" She flung back the shawl that covered the little form she held, and lifted the little help- less head. "This is Otho Grantford," she said, and burst into a flood of tears ; "this is my little lad, dying on his mammy's breast—my little murdered lad—but never hurt by him that lies in prison. Speak, my lad ; tell this gentleman who you are." The great black eyes unclosed, the little hand extended itself. "I know you, Mr. Morgan," said the faint voice. "You don't know me because I am so sick. I'm Otho Grantford, and this is my own gipsy mammy. We're going back to the Grange." The judge uttered a cry, caught the boy in his arms, and gazed upon his face. "It's no delusion," he said. "Blind worms that we are, who still talk of justice or of knowledge any more ! I thought myself a judge—I. Some wiser man will fill my place henceforth I will judge my fellow-men no more. And you, woman, do you know what you might have had upon your conscience ? what you have already ?" Hagar extended her arms for her child. "I never meant to bring any one to harm," she said. "But I wanted my boy—my little lad. I'm only a poor gipsy and a tinker's wife now, but I loved him. I've travelled miles with my dying darling to save the poor young gentleman. I've kept people at watch all the while, that if the worst came I might stop it somehow. No one can take my little lad from me now, for he is dying. I'm not afraid of that now. Have pity on me. You can't understand me, but just pity me without." The judge was not listening to her. He had left the room, and was shouting : "My carriage ! my light carriage ! and Black Lightning ! No other horse, mind, Quick— quick ! It wants but twenty minutes of noon. Quick quick !" And servants were flying with all speed to execute his orders. Only five minutes were occupied thus, but the impatience of the judge amounted to a frenzy. And when the vehicle was ready, he almost dragged Hagar down the stairs and into it beside him. Then, furiously as ever horse ran for the winning cup at a race, Black Lightning sped along the road prisonward—carriage and horse and driver half hidden by the clouds of dust they whirled behind them—the judge shouting at every instant : "Faster, faster, faster ! Great Heavens if we should be too late ! The execution is at noon. Faster, faster, faster !" CHAPTER XL. SAVED !—THE DEATH OF HAGAR AND HER CHILD. MR. HELMSTONE had been praying once more with Lionel—the last prayer. The prisoner was calmer. His thoughts were fixed on Heaven. When the announcement that all was ready was uttered, he arose quietly, and shook hands with his gaoler and the governor of the prison, and other officials who grouped about him, according to the usual custom. He thanked some for their kindness, and uttered a simple "good-bye" to others. He spoke to Mr. Helmstone concerning a ring to be taken from his finger and sent to Geraldine, and of a lock of hair which he prayed to be buried with him. Then, under guard, he passed from his cell into the prison corridor. From a window there he could see the scaffold, and the mob waiting to witness the terrible scene which seems to have such a singular fascination to brutal minds, and he had been more than man, or less, could he have looked on such a spectacle unmoved, his cheek paled and his lip quivered, and a great, burly gaoler at his side fairly burst into tears. Mr. Helmstone pressed Lionel's hand, and felt his own courage fast failing him. They passed slowly along, the sun falling on them through the long windows, the balmy breeze stealing over them through the open sashes, earth looking strangely lovely to the prisoner, life seeming strangely full of hopes, and aims and aspirations. There were stairs to descend and another corridor to cross, then the court- yard, with the horrible gallows in its midst. The spectators, grouped together on stages erected for the purpose, and without the wall thousands anxious for some glimpse of the hideous scene to be enacted. Lionel strove not to see these things, not to quail and tremble as his foot trod the awful steps, as he stood at last upon his very grave. He said to himself, "At least for her sake, who will bear so much shame for me, I must make an effort to leave some doubt of my guilt behind me. I must say to these who have come to see me die what words I can in behalf of my own memory." He hardly knew what was passing until some one informed him that it was time to address the crowd, should he desire to do so. Then he turned and faced them. A sea of angry eyes ; no pity in them, no belief in him. He saw that at once—he saw that words of his would not avail—yet he spoke. "Fellow citizens," he said, "you have come to see an innocent man die the death of a criminal. I blame no one. In the place of any juror who listened to the evidence, I should have said "Guilty." In the place of the judge, I should have uttered the sentence of death on any other man in my position. Yet despite evidence, my hands are blood- less. I swear it in the presence of the Maker before whom I must so soon appear, and the time may come when you shall know I speak the truth." Then he turned toward the sheriff. "I am ready," he said. The black cap was drawn over his head, and he knelt. "God have mercy on my soul," he whispered, "and comfort her who will mourn me." Then the rope dropped over his neck. Madly along the road whirled a dust-covered carriage, wildly a white-haired old man shouted, "Faster !" It paused before the prison. Some one sprang from it. There was a cry, a tumult, a rush for the prison yard, for the scaffold, mad cheers that rent the sky. The judge stood on the scaffold. The rope was torn from the prisoner's neck, the cap from his eyes. A trembling voice choked by sobs, addressed the crowd. "This man is innocent. There has been no murder done. Otho Grantford lives. I have seen him ; so may you. We are guilty, not Lionel Peyton." And the judge caught the prisoner in his arms, and wept over him as though he had been his son. "Innocent ! Innocent ! Innocent !" The cry rang through the crowd. There were oaths, and yells, and cheers, belief and doubt. In the midst of the whirlwind of excitement, Lionel Peyton was led back to the grey prison, back through the sunlit corridor, and to the governor's room, where reclining on a low couch, lay a wasted form, its eyes closed, its hands folded on its bosom." "Otho," cried Lionel, as he bent over it ; "Otho, speak to me." The eyes opened. "Mr. Malcom," quivered the faint voice, "I tried to find you so, but the cars went so fast— so fast." And the eyes closed again. "Otho, my poor, poor child ?" cried Lionel. "We are going back to the Grange," murmured Otho. "My mammy is going with me. I used to like the woods best ; I'm tired now, and don't care. Mammy !" Hagar bent over him. "The music is so loud now," said the child, "so loud and sweet ; and who is that in white, with wings, and such a face—such a kind face like the picture of the angels in the gallery at the Grange. Who is it, Mammy ?" "I see nothing," said Hagar. "But you hear the music ?" "No." There was a despairing sound in that "No" as though the gipsy felt that she might never hear it. She put her head down beside her child, and one hand stole into her bosom, grasping something hard and close. Her face was hidden, and a scarlet counterpane they had flung over the child fell in folds over her form also. Only the dishevelled ebon hair and the slope of the grand shoulders could be seen by those who looked upon her. A beauty not of earth was on the child's face ; a splendour in his eye, a smile upon his lip no living child might wear. He was looking upward. Suddenly he clasped his mother's neck. "Come, Mammy," he whispered. "They want us—they are waiting. Beautiful, beautiful things. Oh, the music—the music—the music !" And with the last words, his hand dropped away from their clasp, his head fell back, and his eyelids closed. He seemed to slumber. The clergyman lifted his hand solemnly and all knelt about the couch. When they arose a dead child lay upon the pillow before them. The angels to whose music the boy had list- ened had taken him to Heaven. But Hagar never stirred over spoke. Not a breath heaved her bosom. She knelt like a statue beside her dead child. So they left her for many minutes ; then some one said : "We must arouse her," and touched her lightly. She paid no heed. They spoke to her ; she never answered. They lifted her at last, believing her to be in a swoon ; and then they saw what the red counterpane had hidden. Her left side was soaked with blood—blood that had poured over her garments in a torrent. That grasp within her bosom was with a deadly purpose. She had torn away the bandage from the half-hearted wound made by the circus manager's bullet, and had rent that wound open, and so bled to death. God alone can know whether, thus dying, she also heard the angel's music and saw the snowy wings and the heavenly faces ; for mortal man may not dare to guess to whom eternal pardon is vouchsafed, or whither the gipsy's soul had flown. Dead she lay beside her dead, and those who looked on her could only pity and forgive. One—who can blame him ?—had forgotten her ; had forgotten all the world save one. That one to whom the strange news had been borne, and who lay upon his bosom sobbing softly. Lionel and Geraldine met once more, as those might meet who had passed through the Valley of the Shadow of Death. Their emotion was too intense for joy. They were awe- stricken in the midst of their deep gratitude as though a miracle had been worked in their behalf. CHAPTER XLI. THE BURIAL. THE Grange was draped in emblems of mourn- ing. The casements hid themselves behind closed shutters ; and in the state chamber the gipsy mother and her child were laid together. Together were they to sleep in the Grantford vault in the old church-yard, beside the ashes of a proud, unblemished race. Perhaps, looking back upon the gipsy's life, many would have forbidden her to share that tomb with her child ; but the hearts of those within the Grange were very soft just then, and they remembered only her great love for little Otho. For him many tears were shed, many a sigh breathed ; and from far and near those who had heard the story gathered to look upon him in his little coffin and marvel at the strange chain of circumstantial evidence which had so nearly brought Lionel Peyton to a felon's doom. Neither our hero nor Geraldine presented themselves to any of these visitors, but the old clergyman and his wife received them, and Mrs. Helmstone, being neither more nor less than woman, was willing enough to talk to those who desired to do so. On Sabbath afternoon the black-plumed hearse stood at the gate of the Grange and the solemn train moved toward the church-yard. One followed them secretly, hiding behind trees and bushes, and at last in the shadow of a great tombstone, hard by the open vault. Had only there seen him they would only have marked the presence of a swarthy, long-limbed, yet not uncomely vagrant. We know him to be Hagar's gipsy husband, Aaron. He listened to the service. He heard the solemn words of hope which had never fallen on his heathen ears before, and the tears chased each other down his brown cheeks, and without knowing why he felt himself softened and melted—less desperate than before. He watched with his black eyes until the vault was closed, and hid his face then in the tangled grass and kept it hidden until all were gone. The sun was setting then. With the golden beams upon him, he crept through the tangled branches and long grass to the tomb where they had laid her, and leant his face against the sculptured marble and sat there motionless. The sun went down ; twilight came, and the stars shone pale and was in the blue sky. Still he remained as he had cast him down. Night deepened, the stars were at their brightest, and the full moon shone upon the grave-yard and the prostrate figure at the tomb, and the church clock told the hours through the long evening until midnight fell, and still Aaron, for all motion he made, might have been dead. Then he arose, trembling and weak as one who had passed through weeks of illness, and set to work. With keys, which he drew from his breast, he opened the door of the vault and entered. Then by the starlight he bent over Hagar's coffin, working swiftly and softly until the face within met his gaze. He made no moan—uttered no cry. Only his face, in the wan light, looked death-like as the one he looked upon. But he gathered up the long black tresses lying over the shrouded breast in his hand and severed one rich lock. That he twisted into a sort of braid and hid within his bosom. "Good-bye, Hagar," he said, "You never loved me much, but I was fonder of you than of life. I did you a wrong, lass, but 'twas be- cause I loved you so—I couldn't bear a baby could come between us and be dearer to you than I was. There ain't anything to live for now. If the old parson spoke the truth, there's something neither of us know much of to come yet ; and you may be amongst the stars looking down at me now, Hagar." He closed the coffin and the vault, and went out into the night. He walked with bent head and bowed form, like an old man, and vanished from the graveyard like a ghost. Years after, when the youngest in our tale were old, those who came earliest to church one Sabbath morn found an old man dead at the entrance of the Grantford vault. His clothes were those of a wandering beggar. His shoes bore the dust of many weary miles. Wrinkled and brown was he as any mummy, but over his heart lay a knotted coil of hair. The tress once severed from Hagar's coffined head—for this was Aaron. CHAPTER XLII. CONCLUSION. FOR two years had Lionel Peyton and his wife dwelt happily together in the Grange, and yet they were lovers. They were constant by nature, and their trials had bound them together as no joys could. Their honeymoon would never be over while both should live. The Grange had a happy, home-like look now. The garden was aglow with flowers ; the lawn was smooth as velvet. There, often at the even tide, the master and mistress of the stately dwelling walked arm in arm, talking of the sorrows of the past or of the joys of the present. This evening on which we shall visit them, they are not there ; follow me up the dark oaken staircase to this cosy room upon the second floor, and you shall find them. In the midst of the apartment stands a fanci- ful little cradle, curtained with lace, dropping from the outstretched hands of a carven angel, and beside it kneels Geraldine. Lionel bends over her, and Mrs. Helmstone, in a state of great delight, rubs her hands and bustles about busily doing nothing. On either side of the fire which, even in this pleasant autumn evening, is acceptable, sit Mrs. Peyton and Mr. Helmstone. "It's certainly a very fine child," says the latter, "and very like his mother." "It's the Grantford face," says Mrs Peyton, a little testily. "He's like his father." "Bess him 'ittle, face, is like itself," gasps Mrs. Helmstone in a sudden convulsion of baby talk impossible to repress. "Him Aunty Em- ston never saw such splendid child." Awful remembrances of the Tower of Babel and the confusion of tongues fill Mr. Helmstone's mind, and he looked up alarmed. "I can't help it, love," says Mrs. Helmstone in her natural voice. Then relapsing again— "Um so tunnin'." "Why not, Lionel ?" asks Mrs. Peyton, apropos of nothing. "Ah !" said Mr. Helmstone, you bring us back to our subject. You haven't decided on the child's name, and he is to be christened to-morrow." "Name him after Mr. Helmstone," said Lio- nel. "Archibald," said Geraldine. "Don't," cried Mrs. Helmstone ; "I believe in pretty names. Archibald is so solemn. I used to wonder how I should call you by it before I married you, my dear." "Lionel," repeated Mrs. Peyton. "I object," said Lionel ; "something else." "You can't name him after his mother," said Mrs. Peyton, "because the nearest approach would be Jerry, and that's spelt with a J. I found Lionel in a novel, and there are lovely names in some. Vivian, Percy, Orlando—or there are celebrated men by thousands." A woolly head elevated itself behind the lady's chair, and black Deb. appearing, spoke. " 'Pears like I heard of a gemplemun named Diogenes once. Marsa Brown name one o' Sally's chillun after him, 'Tink him berry 'plendid name." "Shall it be Diogenes ?" asked Lionel, with a laugh. Geraldine made no answer for some moments ; then she spoke. "My love, do you know whom baby really looks like—very, very much like ? little Otho ; his very eyes, my dear." "You are right," said Lionel in a trembling voice. "Shall we name him Otho ?" Lionel bowed his head. Tears started to Mrs. Helmstone's eyes. And Mrs. Peyton turned to the clergyman. "I thought of suggesting Otho," she said. "Very proper, and a very good name, though peculiar." So there came to be another Otho heir to Grantford Grange—pattering with his baby feet over the polished floors, gazing wonderingly at the pictures in the long gallery, and growing every year more like the child whose end had been so untimely— whose fate so sad ; like him physically, but more yielding more willing to be guided more easily taught than the former Otho—for no gipsy blood ran riot in his veins, and no gipsy mother had nursed him at her breast. Now that Grantford Grange was really Lio- nel Peyton's—now that, free from the horrible shadow which had darkened his life so long, he stood amongst his fellow men a free and happy man, with Geraldine his wife— new thoughts and impulses began to fill his soul. He had always been gentle and kindly—al- ways romantic and noble of thought. Now he began to shake off the indolence which was rather due to his education than his nature, and to seek to do good to his fellow-men. Master of immense wealth, he used much of it in charity, much in the furtherance of great and worthy objects ; and Geraldine, his help- meet in very truth, was always besides him to aid and encourage him. Never amongst the rich men of the place had Mr. Helmstone found one so ready with brain and purse to aid all charitable projects and often, in the quiet of the parsonage study, the old man muttered : "My judgment was right, after all I did well in believing in him." As for Mrs. Helmstone, Lionel and Geraldine were the adopted children of her heart. The real mother, Mrs. Peyton, dwelt in state at the Grange. She revelled in its luxury, and delighted in the respect her son gained. She never found fault with Geraldine, which was much for her, and expanded any nervous irritation she found it impossible to repress upon the servants. Yet, on the whole, she was wondrously amiable, for never for years had she so revelled in the finery she adored. She had garments of the richest fabric, and ornaments at once costly and elegant. The ravages of time were repaired by cosmetics and pomades as far as possible ; and having always been a pretty woman, Mrs Peyton found it easy to believe old Deb.'s assertion that she looked "a heap younger nor young Missy." She spent her time upon herself, and thought of herself, as usual. But as she occasionally superintended a little toilette, or saw to the administration of little suppers, Mrs. Peyton grew to fancy herself a most self-sacrificing grandmamma. After all their trials, Lionel and Geraldine led a wondrously peaceful life ; lovers still, as the years glided by, bearing their early youth away with them. Other children came to share their hearts with their first-born, and grew up healthy, and handsome, and good, to bless their age. And perhaps under the blue sky of Heaven one could have found no happier home than that within the grey and moss-grown walls of Grantford Grange. THE END. A BILL posted on the walls of a country vil- lage announces that "a lecture will be delivered in the open air, and a collection made at the door to defray expenses." AN old sailor says that the reason why the dancing girls in Brisbane wear their dresses so short, or at half-mast, as he terms it, is out of respect to their departed modesty. "I DECLARE, mother," said a pretty little girl, in a pretty little way " 'tis too bad ! You always send me to bed when I am not sleepy, and you always make me got up when I am sleepy !" DOUGLAS JERROLD calls a woman's arms "the serpents that wind about a man's neck, killing his best resolutions." The "oldest inhabitant," says he, don't object to them kind of serpents, AN architect proposes to build a Bachelor's hall, which will differ from most houses in having no Eves. WORDSWORTH cautions a studious friend against " growing double," but the girls think it is the best thing a nice young man can do. A GOOD instance of absence ofmindwasan editor quoting from a rival paper one of his own articles, and holding it " Wretched Attempt at Wit." THE man who imagined himself wise because he detected some typographical errors in a newspaper, has gone off to get a perpendicular view of the rainbow, ' , A Kiss on the forehead denotes respect and admiration; on the cheek, friendship; on the eyelids, tender sentiment j on the Ups, love. The young men of our acquaintance have not much respect" for young ladies. A CERTAIN physician was so fond of administering medicine that, seeing all the phials and pill-boxes of his patient completely emptied, and ranged in order on the table, he said, "Ah sir, it gives me pleasure to attend you-you deserve to be ill." PHILOSOPHY AND FEELINGS little boy, while playing the other day on a pile of wood, fell down and hurt himself. As he lay crying very bitterly, some one passing lifted him up and said to him, " Come, my little fellow, don't cry it will be all well to-morrow." " Well," said he, " then I'll not cry to-morrow." CosTING WITHIN ONE OR IT." Did you intend to hit me, sir?" said a gentleman dining at a restaurant a few days since, as a sweet potato came slap on the side of his head, thrown by a person a little below. " Beg your pardon sir, I intended to have hit the person sitting next you, who is a friend of mine." " Well, you made a good shot, considering" said a humerous was close by. "You came within one of it, anyhow." , ¥ 