Local & General Intelligence TUMUT POLICE COURT. Monday, July 8th. Before E. O'Mara, Esq., J.P. Cum Hoy, a half-starved looking Chinaman, was brought up by the police, charged with larceny. From information received Sergeant Tant followed the track of the prisoner on Saturday afternoon, and on coming up to him he (prisoner) flourisbed a razor and defied the sergeant. The sergeant drew his revolver and covered the Chinaman with it until he got within reach of him, when with the cane he usually carries he struck the razor out of the Chinaman's hand and took him in custody. The fellow had a bag with him in which were found two sheets, a shirt, and a towel, which property has been identified as that stolen from Mr. Hill's clothes line on Friday night, and which we reported in last issue. The saddle that was stolen from Hill's place was also found in the Chinaman's possession by one of the menacing attitude of the thief with the razor. Upon application of the police the prisoner was remanded to Wednesday. Wednesday, July 10th. (Before the same J.P.) Cum Hoy, was brought up and further re- manded to Friday for the attendance of a second magistrate. Cancelled Reserves.—The Government Gazette of the 5th July contains the revocation of a number of Reserves in the Murrumbidgee district, amongst which we notice No. 146, about 300 acres on the Gilmore Creek, near T. Boyd's 160 acres ; No. 146 (extended), about 4 square miles on the Gadara Run, commenc- ing on the Gilmore Creek at the South-western corner of R. B. Lynch's northern 321 acres ; No. 229, parish of Willie Plo.twa, including Campbell's Meadow, on the Gundagai and Tumut road ; No. 281, about 1 square mile on Gadara run, at the South-eastern corner of R. Wilson's 220' acres ; No. 283, 960 acres on Adelong Creek, commencing at the north- western corner of R. K. Broughton's 200 acres. In addition to these, there are some on the Tooina Run, Meragle Creek, Gri Girk Run, Tooma River, Bringdribrong Run, Meragle Run, and Ugoble Run. The Pirate.—A weekly magazine bearing this ominous title has just been started in Sydney, the first number of which we have re- ceived. To those persons whose circumstances will not admit of the purchase of the light literature of the day in its published form this new serial will be welcomed, as it will contain selections from the best English, Continental and American Magazines, and place the writ- ings of favourite authors before them in a cheap form. The particulars respecting price, &c.;, will be found in our advertising columns. Public School Boards.—The undermen- tioned gentleman have been appointed to form a Board in connection with the Public Schools established at the following places :—Adelong. —Messrs. J. B. Sharp, Paul, Menlove, Graham, and A. Smith Senr.—Gundagai.—Messrs. Rose, Norton, Davison and Marshall. The Escorts.—In addition to the parcels of gold despatched from Tumut, per last escort, we notice that Gundagai contributed 391 ozs. 13 dwts. 19 grs. Sharp Frosts.—The severest frost of the season was experienced on Tuesday morning, when the ground for some hours presented the appearance of having been whitewashed. The thermometer during the night had fallen to 31°, or one degree below freezing point. There was also a sharp frost yesterday morn- ing, but the thermometer during the night had not fallen so much by 4° as on the previous night. Crown Land Sales.—Sales of Town and Suburban lots will take place at the Police- office, Adelong, to-morrow (Friday), and at the Police- office, Tumut, on Monday next. For particulars see No. 84 of the Government Gazette. Commercial.—We are pleased to notice that Christopher Newton, Bros. and Co., have resumed business ; by this we are at liberty to surmise that their financial arrangements have been satisfactorily and definitely settled. Orange Electorate.—A telegram from this electorate informs us that Mr. McKay was duly elected. The declaration of the poll took place on Friday, the following being the re- sult :—Mr. McKay, 369 ; Mr. Webb, 238 ; Mr. Flide, 21. Mr. Alpen.—We believe it is the intention of Mr. Alpen to visit Tumut professionally for a few days. Those ladies whose pianofortes require tuning should avail themselves of Mr. Alpen's ability in that branch of the profession. Strangers in the House.—The following is the exodium of the speech in the course of delivery, yesterday, in the Legislative Assembly, when Mr. Windeyer directed the attention of Mr. Speaker to "Strangers in the House." "Mr. Speaker, the hon. member for Central Cumberland has got so infatuated that he barks at any bite, and shews his nose at anything like a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr. Speaker, that the hon. member is not to be held. You can't get him at anything. What am I to do ? I am a Government supporter because, forsooth, I ask you, knowing the state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair, and seeing the way they are going on with him ! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here he is ; because, forsooth, I ask a question he turns round and says, I'm one of the Government rags ; one of the Government coves— anything else. He wants to make a mass of muck of my name. I do not care for the Government of him. I am such a sort of in- fatuated fool that I don't care for myself or anybody else. In this question I was not advised nor was I requested by the Government to take the question of the vacant House or the want of members, but when I see a man like that is, that wants to have his eye teeth drawn out, or cut out, or something else, and put into a state of being civilised, or something of this kind, why, any hon. member as feels his dignity hurt by the way in which this man is running down, goring and running in—fine thorough bred fellows—we are obliged to put him out—obliged to do it, and I think I am doing my duty in just stopping his gab. The bon. member who moved the motion, there is no member in this House, Mr. Speaker so fond, I believe, of himself, as he is. He knows it ; and I accuse him although he is the Govern- ment outside man. But still what does he want to do with the Governor ? Leave him alone. Leave Sir John alone. Why, bless my soul ! He's got a card or somebody else has to a feed. Anybody that'll give a feed, leave him alone—that's what I say. But these people who used to he, John knows where,— (its very well for him to gammon to be asleep) they never used to give a feed. You know that, Mr. Speaker, ae well as I do." The reporters and other "strangers" were here ordered to withdraw, and, the Noachian opera- tion having been performed, in regard to the hon. member's oratory, his style of speaking was called in question, whereupon it is said that the remonstrant was threatened with the vigor- ous application of a big stick.—S.M. Herald. Earthquake.—A severe shock of an earth- quake was recently felt at Rockhampton. The Cattle Disease.—Mr. Gehrig, of Al- bury, has announced that he is in possession of a certain cure for the Cumberland disease, but asks prior to disclosing it a remuneration for his trouble in making the discovery. Seasonable Caution.—Again deaths are reported through children eating fungi sup- posed to be mushrooms. At Horsham two little ones died recently, and on the contents of their stomachs being forwarded to the Govern- ment analytical chemist traces of poisonous fungi were found. More Bushranging.—The Grenfell corres- pondent of the S. M. Herald writes as follows : —It would appear that bushranging is not yet scotched, the spirit of rebellion against law and order is still alive, and slumbers, ready to burst forth as fiercely as ever, when opportunity offers. Notwithstanding the fearful lesson of the vindication of the law taught, on Tuesday morning last, by the execution of the brothers Clarke, two young men were actively engaged the following day, in the vicinity of the gold- field, in treading in the footsteps of exeecuted criminals. News was brought here on Thurs- day morning that two men, mounted and armed, were sticking up right and left on the road between here and Young, robbing every person and house indiscriminately ; as might be ex- pected, this item of news caused considerable commotion amongst the business section of the gold-fields, particularly those of them whose business connections compel them to travel frequently between Grenfell and Young. The only definite information obtainable of these new candidates for the gallows is that they are young men, superbly mounted, and well armed, evidently well acquainted with the topography of the district, and the private life of the now extiuct Gardiner's gang, whom they personally knew. All the police that could be safely spared from this station were promptly dis- patched in search of these two men, and were lucky enough to come upon their tracks and follow them for six miles, but unfortunately without success. I learn that flushed, I pre- sume with their success in sticking up the three hotels, and a number of persons on the Young road from here, they have, with the typical daring of their class, extended their operations almost into the town of Young, having on Friday night last stuck up and robbed Saunders' public-house on Spring Creek, situated about a mile and a half from the police camp ; and also stuck up the Chinese camp, which is situated a quarter of a mile nearer Young than the public-house. A Missing Man.—Mr. Daniel Turner, a gentleman who for very many years past has resided on this river, has for the last four months been all-together lost sight of by his friends, and as every enquiry as to his where abouts has proved unsuccessful, it is greatly to be feared that he has met with his death. Mr. Turner is about fifty years of age, and during the occupation of Eunonyhareenyah by Mr. H. Wallace, was superintendent of that station. He afterwards took the management of the Grong Grong station, and about the middle of January last left this part of the country for Sydney, not being them in the enjoyment of very good health. While in Sydney he made arrangements with Mr. Wallace to bring a lot of sheep from one of that gentleman's stations in Monaro to Wagga Wagga, but was to come to this town first and then go over to Monaro for the sheep. Early in March last Mr. Wal- lace received a letter from him dated the 1st of that month, in which he expressed his in- tention of coming on to Wagga Wggga, and from that time to this nothing has been heard of him, and not a trace of him has been dis- covered. His sudden and mysterious disap- pearance has naturally caused much anxiety to his friends, who can only account for it upon the assumption of his death.—W. W. Express. [Mr. Turner was well known in Tumut ; he was in charge of sheep for Messrs. Bear and Morgan.] Death of Mr. N. Mandelson.—Quite a gloom has been thrown over the town by the sudden death on Wednesday of Mr. Nathan Mandelson, proprietor of Mandelson's Hotel. The deceased was in his usual good health in the morning ; and about half-past eleven o'clock was at the Beehive Store, talking to Messrs. Walsh, Emanuel, and Collins. He then remarked that he had the hiccups ; and directly after a twitching about his mouth was observed and his countenance changed. He was assisted to a seat, and as he did not speak but appeared to be getting worse, Drs. Waugh and Hanford were sent for. The former was speedily in attendance, and pronounced Mr. Mandelson to be sufferiug from an apoplectic fit, and commenced the usual treatment. Dr. Hanford came shortly after. Nothing however availed ; and within about an hour and a half of the first attack the deceased gentleman was no more, not having spoken in the meantime. Mr. Mandelson was about sixty-two years of age, and was a widower having a large family all grown up and occupying most respectable positions, and except one son and one daughter all married. Mr. Mandelson himself was one of the oldest residents of the district, and owned considerable property in the town. He conducted the Goulburn Hotel for many years, and afterwards let it and went to live in Sydney ; but being subsequently unable to get a tenant he once more returned to the hotel. The accommodation and attention under Mr. Mandelson's care were such as to render this hotel noted throughout the southern districts ; and it was always the stopping-place of the judges when on circuit, and of the Governor and Lady Young on their visits to Goulburn. Mr. Mandelson deservedly enjoyed the respect and esteem of all who knew him ; and probably there never was a man amongat us who was so entirely free from having enemies. On Thursday evening the masonic brotherhood, of which deceased was a member, assembled in their lodge-room, and hence proceeded to Mr. Emanuel's where the body lay. A portion of the masonic burial service was' then read over the body, and an appropriate address delivered by the chaplain, the Rev. W. Ross. The body was then placed in the hearse, and at seven o'clock was taken out of town en route for Sydney, where it will be buried. Most of the masons and many other citizens followed for some distance on the road to pay the last tribute of respect to the deceased.—Goulburn Herald. Bathurst.— A shocking accident, caused by the misbehaviour of a drunken scoundrel, oc- curred on the river last week. It was 6 o'clock and dark, when the boat built by Cobb and Co. was engaged in conveying the mails and parcels brought by the coach across the river. There were a number of people waiting to be ferried over from the Kelso side, and, against the wish of the person in charge of the boat, seven or eight of these jumped in, and amongst them a drunken ruffian who, seeing a female in the boat, stood on the gunwale, and commenced rocking if frsom side to side, despite all entreat- ties. The boat was very deep in the water, the sides being not more than a few inches above its level. When the centre of the stream was reached, an extra lurch given by the fellow turned the boat completely over, and the passengers were precipitated into the river. All were saved but two—Mr. Caples and Mrs. Croft—who were drowned, and though the river has been dragged all day their bodies have not yet been recovered. There has been another accident just now with another boat, and one of two more lives nearly lost, but, luckily, those immersed were picked up in time, one being quite insensible.—S. M. Herald. Bushrangers.— A correspondent of the Yass Cornier writes :—"A fresh gang of bush- rangers has sprung up, four in number. On Thursday night they stuck up the Jerrabang station (Watson, Brothers) ; on Friday night they stuck up Mr. Job Fowler's residence, Bullock Creek ; and on Saturday night they plundered the Chinese quarters at Stony and Spring Creeks. We ourselves fully expected a visit from the rascals last night. A new era of trouble seems at hand." There were, it seems, only two bushrangers ; one is a young mam who used to run the mail down the Murrum- bidgee, and the other is a chap formerly in White's employ, called "Blue Cap." After they stuck up the Sydney Hotel, Spring Creek, they went to Stony Creek, upon leaving which they were chased and fired on by the police, but escaped in the darkness, leaving behind a horse, saddle, and revolver ; the saddle had blood on it. A LAZAR- HOUSE for Chinese lepers is about to be built at Ballarat, where a site for the purpose has been granted by the Government. Adelaide Wheat.—Wheat is now being held in Adelaide by owners asking 5s. per- bushel. 