HORRIBLE MURDER AND SUICIDE AT SOPALA. On Christmas Eve, about 10 o'clock, our usually quite town was thrown into a state of excitement, by the report that murder and suicide had been committed by a man, by cutting his wife's and his own throat. The report only proved to be too true, and a more ghastly and revolting sight could not be imagined than the one that met. the eyes of the people running to the spot, where i man lay in the road with his throat cut from ear to ear, and, in a house close by, a woman in a similar state. The following is the evidence elicited at the magisterial inquiry held on Fri day week :— John M 'Guineas, junior, being duly sworn, said : 1 am son of John ? M'Guiness of Sofala. I have seen the body now lying in the old lockup. I identify it as the body of Robert Corff, who was married to my sister Mary. 1 saw the deceased alive last night, about 10 o'clock ; he .was talking to his wife, my sister. I was standing with my mother at our own door ; they were on the bank of the river, near Anderson's public-house, and distant from our house about thirty yards. I heard mother say to my sister 'Mary, are you coming home, it is bed-time?' Mv sis-tar sairl 'Vpb. mother,'— in a few. minutes time I heard the little boy my sister had with her scream, and ^.o-tlTov amVl tamp, 'run cloivu, J onii, there is Robert beating Mary.' I ran down at once, and found my sister lying on her side. I saw that her throat was cut and that blood was running out of the wound. The deceeased was on his hands and knees, his throat was also cut and I saw the blood pouring out of his neck! He had an open razor in his right hand ? my sister's baby was lying under the deceased/ and was covered with blood. I picked it up and called out. ' Mother, Bob has cut Mary's throat and his own too.' I ran away and gave the child to somebody, and then went for the police. 1 know that my sister and deceased were not living happily together. Walter Cassels Casey, being sworn said ; I am a Sergeant in the Police force stationed at Sofala Last night, about 10 o'clock I went down to the river and found deceased lying on his back ; he had a razor open in his hand ; his head was nearly cut off, and blood was running from the wound in spurts I put my hand under his shirt and felt his heart beat several times He died almost immediately. The distance' from where I was standing to where I found the de ceased, is not over forty yards. I at once sent for a surgeon, and left the body in charge of constable M'Leay. I went over to Mr M'Guiness's house, where I saw Mrs Coriff lying on the floor. Her throat was cut, and I heard Dr. Walker say she could not recover. I had the body of the deceased man removed to the lock-up. On searching the pockets 1 found the letter I now produce, addressed to Mr Walford, Sofala, I took it to Mr. 'Watford who told me to open and read it. 1 did so. I now produce the letter : — 'To Mr. Walford, Sofala, ££T, _. T, 24th December, 1866. 'Dear Sir,— -I have come to the conclusion to depart this' life, as my cruel wife will live with me no more, and 1 cannot live without her, she is my life, my light. 1 took my dirty shirt to her to get it washed. She told me she could not wash it, so then I said ' Oh ! the old people have been putting something in your head'— no answer—' Well then,' said I, 'take it and mend the sleeve, and 1 will wash it myself. ' 1 throwed it at her. She told me to come to her no more but to send my money by anybody. Well it grieved me to the heart. I then said 'My dear 1 will come to-morrow night and bring you a cheque for one pound for the last time.' I kept my cheque from her to see how things would go Oh my God ! Look down on my Poor little m .. nocent children. My wife told my she would eo to service, as the old people would keep the children. I said 'You shan't go.' She says I will, and you cannot stop me.' Sol thought I would stop her. It is her parents' doing, and so they must abide by the con sequences. God bless my children and keep: them from all danger, and never let them kno£ what became of their parents. Mr. Walford, h& kind enough, dear sir, to put rny children in the ? Orphan School, and lay me and my dear wife side by side; I love her, I adore her, I care for nothing but her, and I cannot leave her with that bad woman. 0 ! good Lord have mercy on our poor souls, as we have passed our days in thy fear, so 1 hope we may end them in thy ' favour, and rejoice with Thee for ever in Thy Heavenly Kingdom through Jesus Christ our Lord and only Saviour, who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth One God world without end— Amen. Farewell ! Farewell for ever ! Farewell ! ' Kobeiit and Mary Coref.' I also found a razor case in the trousers pocket. I produce the razor I found in deceased's hand. It is covered with blood. On the handle is scratched 'R. Corff.' \- Westby Walker, on oath, said : I am a duly qualified medical practitioner residing at Sofala. Last night T was called on by Sergeant Casey, to see the body of a man lying on the road near Anderson's public-house. I have seen the body now in the old lock-up. It is the same. I have made a careful examination of the body. T find that. the throat has been cut almost from ear to ear. All the principal blood vessels have been divided ; also the windpipe is cut through in two places. I believe there have been three, cuts made. Such a wound would cause death in two or three minutes. From the evidence. I have heard, I am of opinion that it has been a ca.se of most determined suicide. Somewhat similar evidence was given at the inquiry on the body of Mary Corff, aged 19 years.- — Bathurst Times. School Examikation. — Previous to the Christmas vacation a public examination of the children attending the Catholic Schools in this place, Was held by the Rev. Father M'AuliiTe, ? the zealous pastor of the district. Thursday the 20th was the day appointed. The number of children present on the occasion was 51. Some of the parents of the children were also present and seemed to take great pleasure in the pro ceedings. After a careful examination the rev. examiner expressed entire satisfaction with the answers which he said reflected much credit on the teacher. He also expressed himself well pleased with the improvement visible in each class since the last annual examination. Briefly congratulating the little ones on their clean and decent apperance, the very profitable way in which they had spent their year and the great booh they possessed in having a school of their own, he, dismissed them to enjoy the coming, holidays; hoping they would persevere and* attain to Still greater results the coming year. — Kiama ?Iudcpendant. Melancholy s and - Fatal Accident.— It is our painfuJ duty rto. record a fatal accident -which befel Mr.' Henry James, of the Longbrush, a much re spected resident 'of the district. Mr, and Mrs. James were returning from town on Thursday week last in thfeir dog-cart, and when within sight of his home he, gave the horse a cut with the whip ; the animal' suddenly started forward, and the wheel came in contact with a stump, threw . Mr. and Mrs. James with great violence to the ground, inflating on Mri-Jamo^ a fracture of several ribs, together with internal injuries, Mrs. James fortunately escaping with a few superficial bruises. Dr. Nolan ?was immediately sent for, and, on learning the nature of the injuries, at once pronounced the case hopeless.' Mr. James lingered comparatively free from pain until 12 o'clock yesterday. — Kiana Inde pendent. '.-,-. Attempteri Suicide. — On Monday . week last, Mr. H. Reshain, of Bourke-street, attempted to com mit suicide by taking strychnine. It appears that having bought some strychnine in the morning he ?wenthoine,: and asked his sister-in- law who resides ?with, hi™, if she could give him some tea to drink. She gave him the teapot, and presently she saw him take a drink out of a tumbler, throwing part of the contents^ ? which -appeared to be like tea, upon the ground... .At the same time he threw a paper away and said something to make his sister-in-law suspect that he h dd 'taken poison. She examined the paper he ' had : 'thrown' down, and found it marked 'strychnine.' :: Mrs. Spink, Harpur, and Morton were -in : early attendance, and applied the stomach pump with such good effect that in a short time all danger to the patient's life Avas at an end. Whether sufficient poison to cause death, had been taken by kim is not known. Mr. Renham had previously threatftne'l, and indeed made several attempts- fo take his life ; but it is thought that they were only made to frighten his wife and sister-in-law, and to draw nioney from them. Mr. Renham was for many years; a very industrious man, but it is stated that he ,had iately been squandering what money he could obtain,in . objectionable ways, making his own life miserable,, ', and his association with his friends Tmpleasant.— Maitlarid Mercury. , . : ; ?? ii 0 '?'-*?' '-:' ? ' ? !__' ' -??'?'???'?? ? ' ' 