METROPOLITAN SPRING RACE MEETING, 1867. THE DEBBY DAY. LOVELY weather, a modoratoly largo attend- ance of spectators, very fair fields of horses, ex- cellent sport, and an absenco of ovorything in tho shopo of nccidont, woro somo of tho clio rnotoristics of the first day of tho Metropolitan Spring Race Mooting-the day on which tho much-coveted " Blue Riband of the Turf in tilia colony was contested for. Tho sport providod on Saturday was of a vory high ordor, there being a good contost for ovory one of tho flvo prizes in the programme. Tho Trial Stakes brought o fiold of seven to tho post, tho winuer being found in Mr. T. n. Smith's chostnut horso Spriugbok, the stable companion of Bouquot, who is in tho Metropo- litan Stakes. Tho Richmond horso, Gratis, was tho most fonoiod for thjs raco, while a largo number of pooplo pinned thoir fuith to Butter ily-not so much from any beliof thut abo pos sossod any wonderful speed as from tho foots that sho was by William Tell and oarriod a vory lightweight, Notafow truatod lo old Raroy, with Ashworth up, in tho " yellow and blaok," to pull thom through ; but tho poor old horso that has hitherto beon considered indestructible, broke down badly, although ho monagod to securo ' the honour of third plaoo, tho favourito boirg sooond. Springbok, car- rying 8 st. 12 lbs., won tho race cleverly ¡ and if -Bouquot, of tho samo year, can beat him easily, na is stated, she ought to have o chanco for tho Metropolitan, seeing she haB but 7 st. 7 lbs. to carry. Tho next raco WBB tho Dorby St. Logor Handioap, for whioh thero woro fourtoon Biibscribors, throe only of whom carno to tho post. Thero has been but little speculation on this raco, except in doubles and troblos, aa it waa seen from tho first that thoro would bo a vory small field j and in all tho doubles and trobles either Sca guU or Hambledon Hill (oxcopt a fow on Bylong while it was beliovod ho hud any chanco for the race) wero solcotcd to p"ull oil' tho first ovont. Wo nover heard of a singlo wagor in which Sir John was backed eithor right out or in a doublo or troblo ovont ; having provod suoh a duffer hitherto, it was thought ho lind not got tho ghost of' a chance, notwithstanding the différence in weight, oithor with Seagull or Hambledon Hill. It was in faot as a Turf writor rocontly wroto of anothor event-a " Rothschild's office to a casual ward " against him. Tho ovont proved, how- ovor, that Sir John-who was novor in such form as now-was too good, nt tho weights, for Seagull, who novor had a show for it from tho fall of tho flag, and that Hambledon Hill oould not givo" him 7 lbs., and travol with him for the last two hundrod yardB of tivo miles. His owner, tho Judgo, waa warmly congratulated upon his victory. The race par excellence of tho day was tho next ovont upon tho card--tho Dorby. The ontries closed with thirty-fivo subscribers. Those were reduced by scratching to nine on tho card, and sovon finally fucod tho flag. A somewhat larger field was anticipated for this raco, but a finer lot of throo-yonr-olds than tho Bovon that contested for the " Blue Riband" on Satuvday it would bo difficult to find. Ever since Fireworks (whose name erroneously appeared in connection with the name of Mr. Keighran, instead of the name of Mr. Tait, in our issue of Saturday) won the Champagne Stakes and the Nursery Handicap at the last Autumn Meeting, he has occupied the position of first favorite for this race, although there was a very general impres- sion abroad that he could not stay for any dis- tance beyond a mile. The clever way in which he came home after Stanley let him have his head at the Derby Corner on Seturday, effectu ally settled the question of his staying qualities, and it will surprise no one to find him turn out both a flyer and a weight carrier. Mr. Fishor's colt, Littlo Fish, stood noxt in iinportanco in the estimation of tho publio, and wo cannot boliovo that ho has thoroughly roeovorod from tho cough from which ho was suffering when laudod hero, or ho would not hove out up so wrotchodly. Cortain it is that ho had no show at all in tho race, and ho finished absolutely last. Tho Ita- lian proved himsolf to bo-vvluit his ownor Mr. Dinos beliovod bim to bo nil along--a good sound colt, with plenty of pace. It is impossi- ble to say what tho result would havo been under other circumstoncos, but thoro aro thoso who boliovo that ho oould have won tho raco had he waited instead of cutting out tho ruuning. Glencoe, also bred by Mr. Diucs, ran vory well indeed, and provod tho many excellent racing qualities possessed by tho Lord of tho Hills stock. Mr. Tait has now succeeded in winning two of tho threo Dorbys that havo boon run for in the colony, and no truo sportsman will be- grudge him his viotorios. The following aro tho names of the Derby winners, owners' names, time, &c.; 1ST DEBBY, BUN 2ND SEPTEMBEB, 1865. Mr. Chceko's br.f. "Clovo,' by Magus, out of Clove (Martineor). Timo-2 min. 51 soo. 2ND DEBBY, BUN 1ST SEPTEMBEB¡ 1866. Mr. Tait's bl.e. Tho Barb, by Sir Hercules, out of Young Gulnnro (Stanley). Timo-2 min. 48i seo. 3RD DEBBY, BUN 31ST AUGUST, 1867. Mr. Tait's b.c. Firoworks, by Kelpie, out of Gaslight (Stanloy). Timo-2 min. 48 sec. It will bo observed that the time of tho Derby on Saturday wos tho best that has yet boen made, and it is a significant fact that it was half a second less than tho lust Dorby at Epsom, won by Hermit, was run in. Tho Innkeepers' Stokes brought a fiold of oight to tho post, and tho winnor was found in Mr. Cobcroft'a Paganini-a rank outaider, de- feating Barobones (tho favorito), Archor, and others. The Epsom Handicap was beliovod to be a gift to old Birmingham (RninBworth and Lady Kingston having been withdrawn), and BO tho ovent provod. Ho won it in a canter. The following ÍB a detailed account of tho run- ning : First Race.-Tbo Trial Stakes of 4 sovereigns each, with 40 sovoroigns added, for 3 years and upwards, whioh have not won a prizo exceeding 50 sovereigns in value up to time of entrance li milo. Mr. T. H. Smith's ch.h. Springbok, 4 years, 8 st. 12 lbs.(Ramsay) Mr. W. Towns' b.g. Gratis, 4 years, 8 st. 9 lbs. . (Cavanagh) Mr. J. Tait's b.g. Knroy, aged, 9 st. 5 lb. . ' ... (Ashworth) Mr. George Hall's b.f. Butterfly, by William Toll, out ofButteifly, 3 years, 6 st. 12 lbs. Mr. C. H. Roberts' ch.h. Mickey Free, by Cossack, out of Bluo Bonnet, 5 years, 9 st. 5 lbs. Mr. R. Rouse, jun.'s b.g. Whalebone, aged, 9 st. 5 lbs. Mr. G. Matthew's bl.g. Smuggler, 4 years, 8 st. 9 lbs. Rotting : 5 to 2 against Gratis, 8 to 1 against Butterfly, 4 to 1 each against Springbok and Rnrey, 5 to 1 against any other. ' After a couple of attompts, in which Gratis and Whalebone got knocked about n little, an oxcellont Btart was offeotod. Tho horses sprang away in lino, Whalobono showing in front with Springbok and 'Gratis. Passing the Stand, Springbok was leading by a couple of lengths, Whalobono second, and tho others in a ruck, except Mickey Free, who was last. At the Rocks, Whalobono went up and took tho load, Springbok hanging close on his quarter, Gratis running third, Roroy fourth, and the remainder of the field tailing off. At the far corner, Whalobono inoreased his load, but Gratis now began to go up, closoly followed by Butterfly, and theso two, after a few stridos with Whale- bone, then took flrat and aeoond- placos, Springbok lying third, Raroy fourth,, and Whalobono booten off altogether. Opposito the Trainer's Stand, Butterfly wont to tho front for a fow Btridos, but Gratis caught her again at the Derby Corner and raood with her neck and nock into the straight, Springbok threo lengths initho rear. In coming up between tho rails, Springbok put on the Bteam, passed Buttorfiy, and challenged Gratis, vvlroso jockey found himself compelled to uso tho whip rather vigorously. The boy horse, howovor, took his punishment without mending his pace, and Springbok won hard held, by about two lengths, Gratis sooond,.Rnrey third, Buttorfiy fourth, Whalebone fifth, and Smug- gler sixth. Timo-2 minutes 20 socouds. Second Race-The Derby St. Leger Handicap Swoepstakos, of IO sovereigns each for accep- tors, li. ft. ; 200 sovereigns nddod ; for 4 years ; 2 miles ¡ second horso 40 sovereigns from the prize. Entrance closed with 14 subscribers. Mr. Ohaafons' br.c. Sir John, 7 st. 7 lbs. ' ... ,;.' (Greon) 1 Mr. Martin Gibbon's b.c. Hambledon Hill, 8st., ' ... (Thompson) 2 Mr. 0. B. Fishor's ro.f. Seagull, 8st. 51bs. Botting : Even on Hambledon Hill, 5 to 4 against Seagull, 4 to 1 against Sir John, offered. The flag fell to a vory bud start, Hamblodon Hill going nway'with a strong load, Sir Jolïh socond, and Seagull six or eight longths behind. At tho Dorby Corner, Sir John got up within reach of tho Hill, and waitod for him, Seagull being still a long way in tho roar, and the pace being very Blow. Tho horses carno np the Straight in the samo ordor, Seagull gradually closing up, and on passing the Stand tho Hill was leading, Sir John being two longths behind him, and about threo lengths in advaneo of Soagull. Tho same order was maintained to the Rocks, when tho Gull mado an effort; and at tho far cornor passed Sir John, and cloBed with Hambledon Hill, tho paoo mending considerably. At the back of tho course tho Hill got away from Seagull again and took a load of about a longth, Sir John col- laring tho filly and running nock and nook with hor up to tho threo-qunrtor milo post, whoro Seagull fell back. , At tho Dorby Cornor, Sir John wont up in gallant stylo and olosod with tho Hill, who kopt the load to the distanco post, and thon by dint of 'flogging raood noavly nook and nook with the Baronot. The result was doubtful up to the last fow stridos, whon Sir John won, defeating Hamblodon Hill by about a longth, Soagull nowhoro. Time-3 minutes 46 secondB. Third Raco.-The (Australian) Derby Stakes of 80 sovs. each, h. ft., for threo yoars ; colts, 8st. lOlbs. ; fillies, 8st. 51bs. Tho Bocond to reçoive 60 BOVS. out of tho atakea. 1J milo. Entrioa closod with 35 subscribers. Mr. J. Tait's b.c. Fireworks, 8st. lOlbs. . (Stanloy) 1 Mr. R. Dino's bl.o. Tho Italian, 8st. lOlbs. . (Holmes) 2 Dr. Bowkor's b.f. Carnation, 8st. Slbs. . (T. Brown) * Mr. J. Tait's elie Glencoe, 8at. lOlbs. . . (Ashworth) * Mr. C. B. Fisher's br e Littlo FIBII, 8st. lOlbs. . Mr. J. Ealos, jun.'s br.c. Vouderdooken, 8st. lOlbs. ' ' Mr. A. Towns' br.c Orlando, 8st. lOlbs. # Doad heat for third place Botting : 6 to 4 against Firoworks, 2 to 1 against Littlo Fish, 4 to 1 each against Van derdeckon and Gloncoo, 6 to 1 against The Itnlian, 10 to 1 oach against Carnation and Orlando. - - Tho horses got nwoy on protty equal torm s with ouch othor-Fireworks taking a slight lead, Italian second, Gloncoo third, and Littlo Fish fourth. Passing the Stand, Firoworks and Italian woro nock-und-nook in front, Tho Fish third, Glcnooo fourth, Carnation fifth, and Orlando all bohind. At tho Rocks, Italian took tho load, with FirowarkB close up to him ; and Vnndordecken, who hod boon orooping up gradually, in the third bost place. Tho same ordor wus maintained for tho noxt hundred yards, when Vandordeekon passod into second place, Firoworks fulling to the rear and kooping company with Orlando. Along tho back of tho courso Itnlian led by a couplo of longths, Vnnderdekon second, Car- nation third, Firoworks |about threo longths bohind in tho fourth placo, and Gloncoo fifth. Opposito tho Trainors Stand tho sooond und third horsos closed up togothor, nnd the paco became very hot. At the Dorby Comer, Stanley took Fireworks up, with n ruBh past Carnation and Vaudordocken to Italian's flank, tho others falling back. In coming up botwoon tho rails, Fireworks headed tho Italian, and won easily, hard held ; Italian socond ; Gleneoo, who carno with a spurt in tho Inst fow strides, and Carnation, a dead hoot for tho third placo ; Van- dordeekon fifth ¡ Orlando sixth ; and Littls Fish last of all. Timo-2 minutos 48 seconds. Fourth Race--The Innkoepors' Stakoa of 7 sovereigns each, with 70 sovereigns added, for 3 yoars and upwards, whioh havo not won a prizo exceeding 100 sovereigns in value up to tho time of ontrauce, o winnor of such a prizo thcrcaftortocniTy 3 lbs. oxtra ¡ maidonsot start- ing nllowod 5 lbs. ; 1} milo ; second horso 14 sovereigns out of tho'prizo ; 11 subscribers. Mr. JS. Cobcroft's b h. Paganini, 4 years, 8st. 71bs. (Ramsay) 1 Mr. J. Tait's b.g. Archer, aged, Oat. lOlbs. . (Ashworth) f Mr. J. Ealos', jun, ch.f. Satanella, 5 years, 9st. 21bs.(Thompson) t Mr. E. Do Mestro's b.g. Stumpy, aged, 9st. lOlbs. Mr. W. Towns' b.g. Gratis, 4 years, 8st. 91bs. Mr. Ohaaffens' br.c. Emerald, 4 years, 8st. 121bs. Mr. R. Rouso's, jun., gr.h. Newington, aged, Ost. 131bs. Mr. O'MaUoy's b.g. Barebones, age'd, 9st. lOlbs. Mr. W. Ruddle's b.g. Duke of Athol, aged, 9st. 10lbs. t Dead boat for socond placo. Betting : 5 to 2 against Barobonos, 3 to 1 against Arehor, 4 to 1 against "Emerald, 5 to 1 each against Newington, Duko Of Athol, and Paganini. After ono fruitless attompt, in whioh tho Duke of Athol had a short gallop on his own account, tho horses got away in very good order, Archer springing to the front, but after a fow strides giving place to Emerald, who, at tho Dorby Corner, led by sovoral lengths, with Newington second. Paganini droppod into the background immediately aftor tbo start, and re- mained behind for some time Coming up tho straight running Emerald had a strong lead, with Nowington second, Barebono third, Stumpy fourth, with Archer and Paganini keep- ing each othor company in the rear. At theRooks tho toil of tho field bogan to close up, with the exception of Paganini, who still held baok. At tho for corner Emerald still led, but was closely pressed by Bareboncs and Newington, who were well up to tho front. At the back of tho courso Anchor put on tho stoam, but could not catch the leader, who continuod to show the way up to the Dorby Corner, whern Baroboncs took tho lead. Hero Paganini was called on, and answered gallantly, coming up at a slashing paco passing all tho field, and taking up a good lead. Satanolla got up to socond placo, but Arehor came with 'a rush, and finished with n dend heat with her for second place. Paganini was landed an easy winnor. Bareboncs was fourth, and the rest come straggling in many lengths in the rear. Timo-3 minutes 19 seconds. Fifth Race--Tho Epsom Handioap -of' 6 sovereigns each, h. ft., with SO sovereigns added for 3 years and upwards 5 1 milo ; aeoond horse 10 sovereigns from the prize. 13 Bubsoribors. Mr. G. K. Woldron's b.g. Birmingham, aged; 8st. Gibs. ... .... (Donnolly) 1 Mr. A. CampboH'B ch.m. Strangor, 6 years ; 7st. 21bs. -... (T. Brown) 2 Mr. W. TOWHB' b.ni. Ludia, 5 years ; 8Bt. 41bs. . (Cavanagh) 3 Mr. A. Bowman's gr.m. Maritana, 6 years ; 8st. Mr. E. Cobcroft'sb.f.Miss Corosbus, 4 yoars; ' 7st. 61bs. Botting: Even on Birmingham, 3 to 1 oaoh against Stranger aud Maritana, 4 to 1 against Ludia, 5 to 1 against Misa Oorcobus. Aftor a falso start occasioned by Birmingham's anxiety to got away, the horses went off in a ruok, Miss Corcobus showing in the van for o fow Btridos. Strangor, however, soon darted to the front, nnd took up a good load, Birmingham" second, and Ludia third. At tho baok of tho courso Strangor BÜghtly increased her lead, while Ludia fell off. Opposito tho Trainers' stand Birmingham begon to moko his woy to the fore ; but whon ontering the rails Strangor still had tho load, and lookod very muoh like a winner. Coming down tho straight, howovor, Birming- ham went up, and at the distance post passed hor, winning by about a length, hard held, Strangor second, Ludia a bad third, Miss Oorcobus fourth, and Montana nowhere Timo-1 minuto 48} seconds. This was tho last of tho raoes on the cord, and concluded an excellent day's sport.-S. M. Berala, September 3. TATTEBSALL'S.-The Bottling on the Derby Day took place at Tattersalls last night, and so far as wo saw wont off satisfactorily. After the settling thoro was somo speculation on the forth- coming events, the betting being for tho most part on tho Maiden Plato end Metropolitan. For tho former, Firoworks, Carnation, Paganini, Springbok, and North Australian woro the most funciod ¡ and for the latter Yattendon main- tained his pride of place at 4 £0 1, Tim Whifllcr coming noxt at about 6 to 1. Tho offer on any of tho romainder waa IO to 1. Tho running of Sir John and Birmingham, and the atable com- panion of tho Bouquot (Springbok) on Satur- day, brought thom moro prominently into notice, and it will bo observed that thoy brought good prices in the swoops that wero drawn. Swoeps woro drawn on both the Moidon Plates and Metro- politan racos. In a £2 sweep on the Maidon Plate, whioh amounted at the finish to £37 5s., the following prioos wore realisod :-Firoworks, £12 s Paganini, £7 ; Coronation, £6 10s j North Australian, £6 ; Springbok, £3 ; the others being knocked down at the 'upsot price. In anothor £2 swoop on the Metropolitan, which roaehod £92, the horses sold as follows : Yattondon, £19 j Tim Whifllor, £10 ; Bouquet, £8 ; Bulgimbar; £7 10s. ; Sir John, £7 j Wor wiok, £6 10s. ; Rainsworth, £6 ¡ Birmingham, £6¡ Rose of Australia, £6; Hamblodon Hill, £5 ; Phoobo, £4 10a. j Lady Kingston, £3 15a. ; Arohor, £8 5a. ; Exile, £3 ; Beatrice, £2 10s. Tho rooms will be open every night during the week,-Ibid, Soptombor 4. 