THE EXTRA SNUB. " Come one, come all," cries Sir George ; with the spirit of a Ruodemc Duu, as armed to the teeth with the Caenarvon' despatch he ilourishes hiB weapon in the faces of his adver- Baries. But it appears to us that his lordship's approval is confined to his Excellency's action on the legal tender note question. We have \- yet to learn in what light his colonial career will be viewed, when it becomes known, that \- under his enlightened government the re venues of Queensland have been mortgaged a century in advance, and that financial embar rassments are still further accumulating. We thoroughly estimate the extra snub he ad- ' ministered to the memorialists, and the spirit in which his Excellency gave publicity to tho despatch, together with his courteous recogni tion of the wishes of the Parliament. The further postponement of tho meeting of Par liament is one of those audacious and high handed acts with which the public of Queens- laud are by this time tolerably familiar. At a time of unprecedented suffering, when taxa tion seems to have reached its limits, without " meeting the exigencies which formed its excuse —when the legal position of by fiir the largest portion of our pastoral interest is held in un certainty, and the possible influx of foreign capital, which would tend to our relief, is thereby delayed — the caprice of a minister, or the possible disinclination of a Governor to meet a legislature, no longer to be hoodwinked or cajoled by hollow platitudes or ingeniously contrived high-sounding phrases, signifying nothing, is of sufficient force to Bhut us out from the principal and most legitimate source of help. Where investigation would be dan gerous, it would be doubtless prudent to delay by any means — constitutional or otherwise — enquiry, and the great political Macauber of the day, sitting helplessly, gazing on the disas ters he has brought about, may find some con solation. in tho opportunity that delay affords for " something to turn up." Wo may get a postal arrangement on which to harp a congra tulating melody, although the ostentatious ex hibition of our Postmaster-General, is not likely to impress the neighboring colonies with a very overwhelming sense of our .ministerial wisdom — a gold-field may be discovered, and in the joy of returning prosperity the country may condone tho past offonces of its rulers. -The wretched parodies on railroad construc tion which we owe to tho triune genius of Macaeister, Eitzqibbon, and Plews, may be opened up with much din of self-gratulation and the corruption and blundering and incom petency, the possible exposure of which is now . the cause of so much dread, may bo drowned in. the uproar. In fact, there is no fortelling . what may happen, and in tho blissfulness of \- 1 iat providential ignorance, waiting on time, and pocketing a couple or three months salaries for the performance of so arduous a duty, our ministers set at nought the well-known desire of the public, and ignore the plain and honest policy which an intelligent sense of their duties would dictate. Wo have, we suppose, nothing left but to bite our thumbs and to digest tho snubbing administered with what appetite we may. It will be in the recollection of some ' of our Rockliampton rendorB, and of all Bris- baneites, that there once assembled a body of gontleinen, membors of both Houses, at a place called Markwell'b Buildings, iu tho capital. They wero, or professed to be — . which is much the sume — anxious that Parlia- ' inent Bhould be called together in lust Janu ary, and they conveyed that desire, though in somewhat queer English, iu a memorial to Sir George Bowen. 'That classic constitution alist replied by an argumentative epistlo and far more .cogent proclamation, lie denied ; . tlioir right to interfere, and exercising his pre rogative, made that interference futile — he \- postponed the meeting of Parliament till March. Now without further provocation than the roturn of tho member for tho Mit chell (Mr. Lamb) he again postpones it untjl May. Ab tho supposed Opposition gots strouger, the Ministry and its head wax more defiaut. Will the gentlemen who sat in coun cil iu Markwell's Buildings tako tho insult thus openly offorod to them and eat the look from the hands — not of Ehjelleit- — but of Pistol? Wo shall bo curious to seo what show of anger this last contemptuous slight will provoke. If indeed these representatives of tho people knew and did their duty, there would 1)0 no doubt allowed as to tho public mind on this matter. Their plain and consti tutional course is to call their respective con stituents together, explain to them tho critical position in which the colony now stands, and tbo imperative necessity of prompt parlia mentary action — and that that . emphatic ex-' pre'ssion ' of popular ' opinion which , public meetings, and petitions which ; spring . from them, iaro so; well calculated to pronounce. ThiB is not a time for the public to stand by as mero spectators of the scone— the play is mitching maleohio — it means mischief, as Ham let says. Neither is it the time for members of Parliament to hedge thomselvos round with a fancied dignity ana wait for tho movement thoy ought to create. Eor what was the meot- ing of Parliament desired by the people if not to arrest disaster and to repress ruinous legis lation— and that its members might openly give vent to the expression of that distrust and censure, to which almost any act of the present heterogeneous administration exposes it, and might dovise some tangible method of relieving tho country from the harpies that now prey upon its vitals ? If they are denied the ordinary facilities which the assembly of Parliament would afford, thoy Bhould simply anticipate their employment. Let them uso tho good old conservative plan of taking tho electors into council with tliom, and in their legitimate places as leaders of the people, shew that the -peoplo are with them in opinion and ?ropared to render thorn every logal support. f the colony bo in the position, wliioh every one proclaims — on the verge of ruin— rthoro ought not to he a town in the colony or a singlo station from New England to Cape York without its protest and memorial against this continuous delay in calling together tlio only body capablo ot dealing, or ompoworod to deal freely with tho exigencies of tho timos. It is for tho members of both Housos to rouso this spirit — to bo in tho van and volunteer for the assault, and charge in tho name of tho Commonwealth. A continuous maundering in tho parliamentary library, or Bolf-gratula- tory resolutions at meetings, never had, and. never will have, any terror for men like Sir George Bowen and bis specials. They are all inflexible constitutionalists. Thoy know what safety lies in the dribbling of representative angor. They also know that a general and combined action, such as that which we sug gest, would necossarily compel them to boiuo- thing liko concession. Evon tho pleasant pas toral shades of Goomburra might not retain tho Governor iu their poaceful and bucolic rest, were a few score petitions signed by a few thousands of electors, to disturb its serene ropose, It is of tho last moment to the colony that the Session should commence soon, for the subjects which will occupy tho legislative attention are neither few nor unimportant, tho whole financial administration of the colony will demand patient, detailed, and close inves tigation. The railway procedure of the last three years, redolent of jobbery and bristling with incompetency, calls for immediate and searching inquiry. The Civil Service of the colony, extravagant and inefficient as it is, must bo dealt with in a spirit of discriminat ing retrenchment. These are not matters to bo got rid of in a day or a month. The res ponsibility which rests on the members of the Opposition, on every member of both Houses, to deal fully and thoroughly with these mat ters, is no light one. They will require time, patience, and judgment, and without adequate time, pationco will be destroyed and judgment sent adrift. In the interest of the whole colony it is the plain duty of our public men to enforce the early meeting of Parliament, it. is equally their duty to leave no means uneui-' ployed that can be legitimately brought to bear to secure it. If indeed the certainty of defeat and of a dissolution weigh so much upon tho minds of the Government as to in duce the delay in assembling, the legislature ought to have equal weight with the members in preventing the possibility of that delay, for in such a case the fears of a ministry are not to be considered as of greater weight than the interests o'f a community. It would be almost aB sensible to postpono an Assize in doference to tho fears of the criminal for whose trial it is to be bold. If incapacity is to be discoun tenanced, if corruption iB to be exposed, if oxtrnvugunce , is to bo checked, "the sooner these results are to bo achieved tho better. If none of these evils exist, the ministry as men of honor, should, challenge an enquiry, instead of seeking by procrastination to evade it. _ But if they are so neglectful of their own characters, why thon in the spirit of Christian charity, lot the independent mem bers tako charge of thoir reputation for tliem. Every day's hesitancy only widens tho rents in their somewhat tattered gurments, and that a Government should exist only to be an object of suspicion and distrust, is sui-oly neither creditable to itBelf nor the territory it professes to govern. Cbowded Out. — An unuBual pross of advortiso- monts compolB ub to hold over our local and othor mattor for Monday's isauo. House Stook. — Our Tasmanian noighboura aro oyidontly bont upon testing our judgmont of liorBe HcbIi. Tlicy certainly pay us tho compliment of shipping magnificent stook, some of which will bo offered by Mr. H. 0. Pnton for solo at tho Union Salo Yards this morning. Tho animals hnvo ovidontly boon selected with groat caro and ju-Jgmaiit. Intending purchasers would do woll to inspect thorn provious to salo. Rejected Addresses. — Tho following dispatch from tho Secretary for tho Colonies addrossod to his Exeallcncy appenrod in tlio Qazelle of tho 23rd, and wont tho rounds of tho Brisbano papors : — "Downing- strcot, 13th Decombor, 1866. — Sir, — I havo tlio honor to acknowledge tho rocoipt of your despatch, No. 62, of tho 10th Soptcmbor, transmitting a polition to tho Qucon, praying her Majesty to recall you from tho Govormnont of Quoonsiund, on account of allogod unconstitutional conduct on your part, on tho occasion of tho rccont political crisis. — I request you to inform tho memorialists that their petition lm9 been laid beforo her Mnjesty, but that I see no roason to withdraw tho approval of your proceedings which I havo already oxpressod.. — I have, &o.;, Carnarvon. — Govornor Sir G. F. Bowen, G. 0. M. G., &c.;, &o.;" Sir Gcorgo as wo havo already stated has tlio ear of tho Sooretury, that lio is great on paper, and that Doivniiig-sti-cot knows ns much of QueonBlnnd, geographically and othorwiso, as a pig does of conio sections. His Excell ency lias assistants, including " tho young mnn (Mr. Horbort) from tho country," on the ground ready to checkmato all our movements, and to bins tho judgment of tho Sccrotury. It is their interest to kcop liis Lordship in tho dark, and I bis Lordship has no tiin'o, or indood any very great anxiety to baso his views other than tho reports of Bowon, Horbort, and Co. Until wo aro sufflbtonUy spirited to club and ' pay for proper home representation, and so ohookmato tho dodges of (ho Govornmout oliquo, wo shall bo troutod with monkoys' allowanoo. Water Sui'plx, — Tho Corporation must bostir tlionisolvoB and again considor tho best method for compoiliug sonio notion on tho part of Govormnont with rospcot to our wator supply. Wo would sugost the Council moving that tho Mayor ami ono ot tho Aldormon proooed at onco to Brisbnno. for tlio purpoeo of pressing tho mattor upon tho attontion Of tin) Go- vormuont. Tho notion hitherto takon savours too niuoli of tlio Doff and tlio Monger—" You shan't and wo wduV If tho authorities havo docidod upon doing tho work thomsolvcs, wo would nsk what aro thoy wait ing for, and why should tho health and comfort of tho pooplo ho dopondont upon Brisbano caprice or some thing worso. Wator is a nocossity — our legislators mako it a luxury, and an oxponsivo one — compelling us through their criminal obstruotivonoss to pay hoavily for what is absolutely indisponBablo to olcanlinoss and health, in a tropical oountry particularly. Tho object -of nil oivilisod GovornmontB lias boon a cheap and liboral wator-supply for tho pooplo; ovon comparatively barbarous nations roocgniso tho nocossity. Water should como ns freo as light to. us. Tho rioh and tho poor should ftfiko participate in tho Mossing. Why noes tho Gnvornmont ignore Mr. Munro's offer to sup- ply tho town with wator, if not on account of tlio pa tronage it tnkos out of thoir hands ? Tho motivo is plain onougli.. But a rosoluto stand must bo. mado against thiB injustice. Tho Corporation must tako up tlio quostion, and if tlio Government won't ostabliBh water-works, why tho pooplo must, Thoro is no poa- siblo oxouso for further dolny, and wo hnvo no right to bo subjoctcd to it. Tho sunrfor which tho town could bo supplied with water is trilling in oompanson with that exponded in Brisbano for tho samo - purpose— BridgoB, wator-works, or Parliainout Houses, anything that tonds to fix interest in Brisbano, moet with tho roady assistanco of tho Govornmont,— but so soon as a shilling is domandod for tho North, tho purso olosos with a snap, and wo'cro told to wuit. Wo trust prompt notion will bo takon in tho mattor, and no more timo and pationco oxponded in waiting for " somo thing to turn up" in our favor. Aroiier Ward. — A poll for tho olcction of ono Aldoruian for tho above Ward, in tho room of J. R. M' William, rosiguod, took placo at tho Town Survoyor's Office, on Thursday last, and resulted in tho oloction of Mr. Palmor. Sixty-six voters wont to tho poll, giving 117 votes, two of whioli woro irregular. -Tho numbors polled woro as follows : — Mr. Palmor, 76 ; Mr. Schmidt, 23 ; Mr. O'Hourko, 16. Total, 115. Tho Mayor doclarod Mr. Falinor duly olcotod at tho Courl-liouso, or. Friday morning. Nono of tho cdhdi- dates appourod. Erratum. — In our Inst issuo tho paragraph lioadod Cleveland Sag, was incorrect, it Bhould havo boon Rockingham Sag. Cemetert Meeting. — A meeting of tho Board of Trusteos of tho Couiotory was hold at tho Custom house, at four p.m. on Thursday last, whon the " Sub committee's" roport was rood. Prosont: Y£ J. Brown in tho choir, Messrs. Pybus, Brodnjtz, Buzacott, Livonnoro, Palmer. Minutes of tho last mooting wore read and confirmed. Tho roport of tho Sub-Corn- mittoo was also road and ndoptod ; tho Secretary was instruotod to forward a copy of tho rules, togothor with a plan of tho Comctory, to tho Governor and tho Executive, in order to obtain thoir sanction. Instruc tions woro ordorod to bu givon to tbo Soxton, regarding freo burials and tho onclosures of graves. A proper registry was also ordorod to ho provided for tlio Soxtor, and a receipt book showing particulars of all rccoiptg connected with tho Coraetory. Tho Trustees rcsolvod to viBit tho Cometory on Sunday (to-morrow), to do- tormino on what improvements woro nccossary to bo o irriod out. Public Nuisances. — At tho mooting of tho Muni cipal Council on Thursday last, his Worship tho Mayor mado somo very portincut remarks upon tho present Acts of Council, and upon tho power which it gnvo and which it did not givo to liiin. That gontloman ob- sorvod to tho offoot : — " That as tho town was at present young, it could not bo oxpoctod that tho Acts of Council were in anything liko a stato of pcrfoction, and that thoy would, as a matter of course, havo to bo altered and aiuondcd to moot requirements as thoy aroso." If such alterations and amondmonts bo judiciously and instantly mado as tho town progresses in ago, sizo, and consequent imnortanco, then ail will bo done that a Council can do, savo sooitig that tho laws aro oarriod strictly into operation. At tho Baino tiiLo it is hotter to bo prospective, to look slightly ahead, and to bo guided in somo moasuro by that wisdom whioli is taught by oxporionco. If tho town Council woro to procure tho Acts from towns of an older birth than this, thoy could follow thoso laws which wero usoful and oschow thoso whioh woro uso- less to them. Laws aro not tho .offspring of a day, they aro tho growths of agos, and it is far bottor t<j copy than to ondravour to originate ; it is wisor to follow on a woll beaten road than to mako bridle tracks which may after all leud no whoro, but into swamps, or if not whioli will require continual widening and mending. There havo bcon fow originators in tho world, almost ovcrything has grown inoh by inoh into prosont porfootion ; instances of mou who havo boon capablo of striking out anything novol aro but rare ; oacli ago improves upon tho ago which procedos it, thoroforo no ono ncod foel ashamad of adopting or of improving upon, if thoy can, thoso rulos and laws whioh havo takon oonturios to bring to thoir prosont prosont state of usofulnoss. In legislating for a young peoplo liko this, is it not judioious in tho oxtromo, to bo guided by tho dearly bought wisdom of otliors ? With regard to tho coming nnisanco complainod of at tho Council table, by Mr. FcrguBon, wo boliovo it to be far more advisablo to prevent it than to orush it whon it has grown into oxistonco ; provontion is bottor than euro, in this, as in ovory otlior easo. If the Town Council havo not tho powur of preventing tho orqetion of a manufactory which must orontually boodm'o a publio nuisnnoo, tho sooner thoy obtain suoh powor tho bettor, us it will provont muoli future litigation, troublo, and porliaps distress. A man may spouil tho wholo of his moans in orceting buildings where ho in tends to carry on a business, which although pro ducing an absolute nocosBary, would, from tho fumos a'isinp from it whilo being mado, or from tho noxious ingredionts omployod-produoo an opidemio. If wo know that a man was loading a gun on purpose to shoot us, it would bo hotter to tako tho gun from him, than to allow him to put a bnllot through our shouldor, and thon for us to retaliate and pop ono through his brain. Upon tho samo prinoiplo that wo vacoinato so ought wo to logislato. If a man woro to oroot a Fowdor ' Magazine noxt door to ub, which nndor tho existing stato of tho law, he might do if ho olioose, it would bo but poor consolation to us to know that ho could not bo compollod to pull it down, until a spark had failon into a barrel, and tho roof of our houso was blown off and wo woro sent spinning up into tho uir, falling down minus an arm, or may bo in a stato rosombling " liumpty dumpty" after lio had tumbled from tho wall ; and it would bo equally a poor consalotion to Mr. Ferguson to bo ablo to provo tho soap manu factory a nuisanco aftor ono ol his children had diod of a fovcr produced by tho oxcorablo smell omanating from it. In a hot olimato liko this, too many precau tions cannot bo takon to prevent nuisances which may produce sickness, aud whilst wo givo our Council full credit for being mon of Btrong sound senso ns woll as good citizens, who aro anxious to do nil that lies in thoir powor to onsuro, tho salubrity of tho town and tho health and prosperity of thoir brotlior oitizons, wo think it our duty to calPtlicir at tention to any subjoot by wliioh tho publio wool may bo oudangorod. Our Brisdanb Harpgnons, —Govornmont economy, or political oconomy, as wo presuma it ought to bo called, is, in spito of tlio vast amouut of moutul labor, which has boon expended in oxplaining it, a ecionco of which our BriBbuno Legislators appear to bo most la-nontably ignorant. It is a spocios of pons asinorum whioli thoy oithcr will not or cannot pass over. It may bo want of intellect, it may bo that their humps of solf-suUieionoy aro too powerfully dovolopcd; hut, let us ho oluritablo, and asBuma it arises' from ignoraueo. Xorriblo blundors aro being continually made, and tho sliados of a formidable array of wilful orroro must bo continually floating beforo tho montal visions of our ministers, as fearful to look upon as woro tho ghosts wliioli pussod before tho disturbed brain of tlio sloeping erook-baok Richard. But still thoy blundor on, carolcsB of tho past, cureless of con- soqucncoB or of criticism. Wo quote a lottor from tho Srislane Courier of tho 26th February in support of our argument, and to provo that thoso who liuvo tho power of spending, whioh means toasting our publio moiioy, are uiidoavouring to Bubstautiuto thoir claims to bo considered among tho foremost of tliOBO, who huvo tho talent of bostowing in tho most liberal and philantrophio manner that monoy whioh does not bolong to thorn. Thoso gontlomon put us somewhat iu mind of M. Havpegnon in Molieres' comody of L'Avare, who had tho happy skill of making Anselme pay all tho oxponscs of tho doublo marriago, ovon to Vthat of furnishing him with a' now eoatiu which he was to graco tho ooromony. Howovor, suoh Bkill may bo hold in horror by vory wonk and foolishly rightly mindod peoplo, it U of "great valuo to truo mon of tho world, tlio Archie's of soeioty, who havo a knack of making oat's paws of thoir neighbors, and of munohing tho " oliosnuts " which tlioy may obtain in a manner so oroditablo to tlioir powers of blarnoy or of tlioir cunning. Quostion whothor our Ilarpeguons would put their hands into tlioir own eheres cassettes to sivoll tlio amount of that sum which they so unhositatingly, and with so muoh good humor, and with all tho polito- liosB and clcvornoss of a " Barrington," draw from tlio: pookots of tlio pooplo. Road what on " Idlo Sliip- Oarpentor" has to say upon tho subjoct: — "To tho Editor of tho Brisbane Courier. — 8ir, —You will obligo mo by allowing mo a little Bpnco in your papor to pasB a remark on Govornmont oconomy. I soo by your papor that tboy havo advertised for a lighter carrying from 60 to 100 tons, to storo oustom houso goodB. Now, at tho least, this will cost £100 por month. This is really too bad whon there aro so many idlo ship-- carpontors in Brisbano. I am informed that a bargain to rent a lighter of about 60 to 80 tons, at £100 por month, ana work for twolvo months ongagad, is noarly struok. Now, Mr. Editor, I would bo vory glad to havo the chanoo to build a new lighter of 100 tons, dcokod and complete, for tho sum of £G0O. Tlion tho Government would liavo ono of thoir own, that would last for flfboon years at loast. I hopo this may oauso tliom to ro-considor thoir prosont plan, and bIiow thoir onso by usiug thoir powor to rcat economy, and not stnrvo ns out of tho placo altogothor. — I romain yours, An- Idle Ship-Oarvknteu." Our " Idlo. Ship-car- pontcr" lias both right and reason on his sido — but, tho trio Btand but little olianoo of obtaining yiwh'ee. Messrs. Harpognon havo, in addition to their othor qualiflcntionB, tlio exquito art of boing deaf whon thoy so plaaso, and liko Sir Joshua Reynolds, thoy tap thoir boxos, tako snuff, smilo, and say.notliing. Fair, opon attaoks upon our pursos wo may forgivo ; thoro is an admiration mixod with our foar and with our disliko, whon a Turpin ridos up to us, and with tho oold barrel prossod against our foreheads demands our monoy or our lifo; wo havo a choico loft us — HobBon's wo admit — but to bo blarniod out of our cash, to bo cajolod aB wo feol it slip from botweon our Angora, to hear profuBO promisos that " for tho futuro no more will bo required," wliioh wo know to bo falso is too much for us — and thon to soo it squandered carelossly and madly away upon wild and unpracticablo schemes, to know that it is liboraUy bestowed to bonofit othars with whom wo havo no connection, or to All tho pursos of tuft huntors and toadios, aro indcod adding insults to injuries which must Bomo day, and before long, brcod a commotion not to bo allayed till restoration bo mado and right granted. Tho E reaching of reform and tho promising of retrenchment avo lost all thoir influonco upon us ; wo hear, and white doing so, think of tho fox who having grown old and npoplootio still rotainod his Dowors of oloquonco, and commonccd to preach upon tho horrors of des troying lifo . and oating flosli. RoynaFd soon bocamo bo famous that an old lion Bont for him ; ho tirrivod at tho court of the king ; ho proaohod and quite surpassed himsolf ; ho painted tho cruelty of tho tyrants of tlio woods, and tho innoconco and bonuty of tboir victims in so touching a manner that tho monarch was onchantod, and at tho ond of tho sormon said, "You havo ploased us muoh, you havo told us truth ; wo ought not to kill ; wo must reward you, what sliall wo givo you ? " " Siro," replied Roynard, with a bow and a smile, " Siro, some chickens ! " Thus oar foxoB display wondorfui oloquonco whilst dwelling upon tho wrong of taking monoy from tho hard-working and tho hard-thinking of tho people ; thoy Burpnss thomselvos as thoy dwoll upon tho boautios of rotronohmont ; and whon thoir clinrmed listeners shout oAt " how shall wo repay you for your forboaranco, for your honesty, for your oconomy P" thoy reply, " Gontlomon, a little more moneg," und if thoy don't thon got it, why tlioy tako it. Our Streets. — A correspondent of tho Queensland Sailg Guardian, who signs himself a "resident of Turhot-strcot," complains in tho most bitter terms of tho stato of tho Brisbano strcots. Wo aro not dosirious of writing up tho doings of our Corporation, nor of introducing tliom boforo tho world as porfootion ; noilhor aro wc disposod to oxpond too much of tho " ticklo mo Hayloy" upon thoso whoso mora particular bnsinoss it is to carry out tlio improvements in our publio workB. But, still wo may point out with prido to tho condition of our streets and roads, and if tho resident in Turbot-strcot would pay a visit horo, wo tbink'bo might manago to catch, if not a Turbot, still a sovoro cold, both ploasnnt things in thoir way, espooially tho forinor with shrimp sauco, if ho ventured out horo after darkness had BOt in ; — bathing ho might onjoy to porfootion, aftor a day's rain, in tho various gullies, minaturo brooks, aud juvonilo ponds, whioli wo prcsumo aro regarded by our autboritios as bo many ornaments in tho middle of our highways ; and, if ho bo troubled with bad cornB, or his foot bo casod in vory- tight patents, he may, in1 dry weather, take a turn or two up und down tho rats, occasionally stumbling against small rooks, comionlly called stones, and thus add considerably to his own comfort, and perhaps effectually cure (?) his said corns. 