SPORTING. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB'S AUTUMN MEETING. Second Dat— Thursday. April 11. President -Sir J. H. Fisher. Stewards— flon. J. Morphett, Hon. J. Baker. Sir. Philip Levi, and Mr. J. Gilbert. Judge— Mr. J. Chambers. Starter —Mr. G. Bennett. Hon. Secretary— Mr. E. M. The second day of the races, with a well-arranged programme, is generally the most attractive, and Thursday's card well deserved to draw together the large crowd which presented itself. The attendance on the Stand was not so jrreat as on Wednesday ; but the surrounding grounds were even more thickly peopled than on the day of the Cup. The general aspect of affaira presented no particular novelty over what had been exhibited before, and the arrangements were unexceptionable. The weather was delightfully fine. The clouds prevented the heat from being inconveniently felt; but the sun had sufficient influence to debar the cold from being disagreeable. There was the usual percentage of s;-orting men on the ground, in cluding Sir J. H. Fisher, the President of the Club, the remaining spectators embracing numerous rc »resentative3 of the upper crust of colonial society and all the descending grades. On the part of the Committee punctuality was the order of the dav. The horses entered for the Trials took the field before their backer* and many nf tiie tuif habitues arrived to find Mullins receiv ing the congratulations of his frieuds. This race lay entirely between Collingrove and Medora, and after the nrst heat their chances seemed to be six for one and half a dozen for the other. Mack looked as contemptuous as ever of the younger blood arrayed against him; but it is very evident that this victor of many stubborn rounds must throw up ihe sponge at last. His prospects after the first circuit were eo poor that he was drawn. Tormentor looked somewhat shaky from the be ginning, and a rather uufit competitor for the stalwart grey, who is evidently capable of great thing*, 'i'he interest in this event was Blackeued considerably by the non-appearance of Cupbearer, who has uot yet returned from Melbourne. Two of Mr. Adcock's horses stripped for the St. Leper to cmnptte against a pair of Fishermen and a South Australian. There was a sixth — Sugarplum — but not even his holders in sweep? could bring themselves to be sweet upon him. Eugenie was thought one of the fittest for the work; but Apparition's friends were buoyant with hope. Sir. Adcock eyed Crusader— the pet of his stable— with mingled hope and fear. There were no signs of the 'white feather,' but a few pecu liarities he had displayed indicated a weak point somewhere. Lottery, a very light bay, seemed likely to draw a prize, but the intentions of fate were a- dark and dubious as a Delphian oricle. Everybody was pleased when Mr. Coglin's tartan and scarlet showed the way past the {pal, except of course, the interested ones. Anuantion's name is no new one on me course, aim nwni noi ne ner owner's fault if this latest edition of the turf ghost does not 'cooper' many another field equally brillant with that which started in such beautiful style in obedience to Mr. Bennett's 'off.' The Handicap Steeplechase was a substitute for the Hurdles of past years, heats being dispensed with. There seems to be a growing inclination to allow one event to test the relative superiority of racers under the South Australian Jockey Club's rules. The course was a sufficiently difficult one to deter timorous owners and jocks from making essay; but the respectable n.u-ta of a half a doz-.'n went to the post, which, by-the-by, was no post at olL Very little was known from experience of what any of the steeplechasers, barring Cocktail— who is tinged with Arab blood-could do, md still less could be learned of their pedigree, which even the Stud-book is silent respecting. The stable was no jruide, i.s. of course, each hacked its own particular ' vanity,1' r.ud slightingly uudcriati-d its com pet'torp. Brunette and JLL'litfoot, if anything, held first place; Cocktail and Hector coining after. The race was a singular one. Cocktail was the first to show up contrary, and having dislodged his rider, flew oil' at a tangent. Then there vere other spills, and it was evi lent at an early stage that only Lightfoot. ?? ector, and Happy Jack stood the stiadc of a chance. Lightfoot's perfor mances were admirable from start to finibh, but the other pair o'er-leaped themselves at the water jump, and brought their jocks to sorrow, repre sented by mother earth, on to'ther side. The immediate effects of the contretemps were ludi crously dissimilar. The son of Troy bolted off without guidance, but was soon brought t» book and remounted, iloing the rest of his work in a tiptop style. Happy Jack, oil the other hand, did not obtain His freedom, but was at once backed and dospedly refused to face any more leaps. Brunette and C-oronet made tracks for home at an early stage of the proceedings, and the mare afterwards did a little fancy juuiDiu/, not as it appeared, with any definite object, further than to show that she had it in her, aud ought to have led, although she didn't. Lightfoot has now gained a reputation which will serve him in pood stead in the future. ' - ? : The Town Plate proved one nf the most inte resting events of the meet. The advocates of handicapping have here a very fair ground fm boasting; for while under the old system the fields for the Plate have been becoming small by degrees and beautifully less, the Handicap of this year has brought out.no' less than seven excellent horses. LaBt December there were but two. Midnight making a walk-over of the second heat. This time she was drawn, no doubt to hold herself in readiness for the Handicap. It was thought that Cowra would scarcely risk the dimming of her prestige by a defeat for this stake, but she stripped and took her station with the rest. S'ng and Cedric -were hot favourites iu some quartere, although the fancy of the majority clun« to the old proverb about 'the jrrey mare.' A queer shock many cot in seeing Stag outstrip her rivals, and Cowra yield even the second place. The other Fisherman, Mermaid, was scratched. Cocktail had evidently not spent all his energy in his recent excursion, but developed an amount of fast running he had scarcely got credit for. The admonitions of cor Is aud steel failed to keep Booyoolee up to the mark. '? '??- ? The events of the day were as under:— FlttSTKACB. I Trial Stakes of 60 sovs. Entrance, 5 sovs. Ore mile and a half; heats. Weights— 2 years, 6 st. ; 3 years, 8 st. 7 lbs. ; 4 years, 9 st. 10 lbs. ; 6 years, 10 st. ; (5 years and aged, 10 Ft. 4 lbs. JJlr. J. Mullins's g.b, Collingrove, 4 yrs., 9 st 10 In. (Owner) ... ... ... ... ...' I 1 1 Hon. J. Baker's b.f. Medora, 3 yrs., 8 st. 4 lb. (Williams) ... ... ... ... ... 2 2 Mr. O. Adcock's b.f. Tormentor, 3yrs., 8 at ? 41b. (Nunn) ? ... ... ;..? 3 3 Mr. T. Ryan's eg. Mack, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. - .. (Stevens) ... ? ... ..I Odr. Mr. R. Stewart's b.g. Cupbearer, aged, 10 Bt. Ub ? ... ... ... ... dr. First Heat-Cupbearer was drawn. After a little fidgetting the four got well off, Medora springing to the lead, closely pursued by Slack, who kept iuthe foreground about half-way round the course, and then fell irrecoverably into the rear. Collingro7e, before the south east corner had been reached, joined the van. and ultimately the race lay between him and Mr. Baker's filly, whose jock, it was statedj for some reason or other deliberately left the inside place and went outside. In the straight running Collinprove led without much difficulty, and came in a length or two in front, Medora flogging hard, Tormentor and Mack a long way behind, lime, 2 min. 5!) sec. Second Heat-Mack was drawn. Medora at first sprung to the lead, but was forthwith collared and passed by the grey, and the three ran in Indian file, about half-way round, when the Conrad filly made a vigorous struggle to effect a change of place. It ended, however, in defeat, and for the rest of the distance the Fiatcatcher steadily continued in the foremost place. In passing the post Medora was a little more than a. length behind, hard pressed. On entering the saddling paddock she showed evi dent symptoms of distress. Tormentor was almost distanced. Time, 2 rain. 56 sec. The bell was at once rung for the SECOND RACE. St. Leger of 100 sovs., with a sweep of 10 sovs.. 2 forfeit for 3-year-olds. One mile six furlongs and 132 yards. Weights - Colts, 8 st. 7 lbs.; nllies and geldings, 8 st. 3 lbs. . ? Mr. P. B. Coglin's br.f. Apparition, 3 yrs., 8 st. 3 lbs. (Tothill) ... ' ? „-'„- * Mr. O. Adcock's b.c Lottery, 3 yrs., 8 st.31bs. n (Nnnn) ? ... »? '??. „-?. 2 Mr. O. Adcock's b.c Crusader, 3 yrs., 8st. 7 lbs. (Jones) ? ???? — 3 Hon. J. Morphett's b.f. Alexandra, 3 yrs.,Sst. 3 lbs (Hill) -. Hon. J. Baker's b.f. Eugenie, 3 yrs., 8sfc. 3 lbs. (Williams) Mr. J. Harvey's b,g. Sugarplum, 3 yrs., 8 st. 3 lbs. (Hay ford) After a false start all got off in splendid order, and continued well together for some time. In passing the Stand for the first time Mr. Adcock's colours on Crusader showed foremost, Eugenie being second, and Apparition third. A conside rable shifting of place succeeded ; but Crusader maintained die lead until he was challenged by the phantom, who ran him a neck and neck race for about half a mile. Sugarplum and Eugenie fell behind, and lottery sttuck out for a place. Apparition leaped to the front shortly after reach ing tlie run in, and passed the goal several lengths ahead. Crusader had shown signs of fatigue, and was superseded by Lottery, who came in second three or four lengths behind. Mr. .Morphett's Fisherman Jilly, fourth. Apparition was loudly cheered as she bounded post the Judgc'3' chair. Time, 3 min. 3,-i sec. TMltp RACE. Handicap Steeplechase of 100 sovs. About three miles, over 11 jumps. Nominations, with :? sovs., on March 7, ISO' Weights declared March 14, 18(37. aud acceptances, with 6 bovs. sweep, on night of general cntiy. Mr. J. Mullins's b.f. Lightfoot, aged, 10st.2 lbs. (Landcake) ? 1 Mr. E. M. BagJt's b.g. Hector, aged, 9 st. 11 lbs. (Tucker) ? ... 2 Mr. W. Simpson's b.m. Brunette, aged, 8st. 12 lbs (G. Simpson) ,,'-.,» Mr. W. -J. Morris's b.g. Happy Jack, aged, 10 cf 9 ll-e mlinnrri Mr. O. Adcock's b.c Coronet, 4 yrs.. u Bt. (Robinson) Hon. J. Baker's b.g. Cocktail, aged, 10 Bt. 7 lbs. (Webb) Immediately after the start Cocktail swerved to the left among the crowd, threw his rider, and sped off across the paddock. Lightfoot showed the way over the first leap, and Coronet, in trying to follow his example, fell, and together with his rider dis appeared from view. Meanwhile Lightfoot was doing his work magnificently, followed at a re spectful distance by Jhppy Jack and the Trojan hero, who answered well to his lead till the Grand Stand was reached. Mr. Mullius's bay skipped over the water-leap like an antelope; but the other pair successively came to grief over it. After a short delay Happy Jack proceeded en his rounds, but came to a dead stop at the tirst obstacle, which he made persevering but ineffectual efforts to over come Hector, who had bolted riderless from the course, was at last secured, and set out in hopeless pursuit of Lightfoot. who had cleared all the lences without a baulk, and was now scouring the course in full career for home. The last leap was taken by the latter in beautiful style, and he passed the chair amid the hearty cheers of tie spectators. Hector was now descried m the distance commencing the even running, ana having topped the hurdles successfully, he ob tained a place as second. Brunette aud Coronet had made spasmodic efforts to renew the race, out barring a few of the jump?, they did uot penorm the conditions. Time, 7 iuin. 19 sec. FOUttTH 1UCE. ., Town Plate of 100 sovs. Handicap, two miles. Nominations, witli 3 sovs., March 7, 1*7. -- eights declared March U, 1867, and acceptances, wit.il IU sovs. sweep, on night of general entry. Mr. J. Scott's br.g. Stag, 5 yrs., S st. 1 lb. (Tot hill) ? 1 Mr. J. Lamb's c g Cedric, aged, 8 st. (Webber) 2 Mr. E. M. Hagot's g.m. Cowra. 4 yrs., 9 St. (Simpson) 1 ? 3 Hon. J. Baker's b.g. Cocktail, C yrs., 7 Bt. 7 lbs. (Williams). Mr. L. Barnard's b.g. Booyoolee, 4 yre., 7 Bt. 5 lbs. (Hill). Mr. P. Francis's b.m. Midnight, 4. yrs., 8 st 12 lbs ? ...«jr. Mr. W. Craig's b.f. Mermaid, 3 yrs., 6 st. 6 lbs. dr. Midnight and Mermaid were drawn. The pack, after a false start ortvo, got off in company, aud came down the straight course pell- mell, it being hard to descry which was showing the way. On reaching the stand Cowra was unquestionably bringing up the rear-Cocktail and Booyoolee being foremost. The grey then crept to the front, closely waited on by the Stag and Cedric, Mr. Bar nard's colours showing conspicuously in the rear. It was'thought that Cowra was playing with her an tagonist, who hung assiduously on her quarter; but before the race in commenced it had become too evident that the thing was serious. The excite ment was greater than during any previous race, and shouts of 'Cowra!'' 'It's Stag's race!' 'The Grey's flogging hard' resounded on all hands; anu Stag's race it proved to be, the Fisherman having yielded second position to Cedric, who had been coming forward with rapid strides. Time, 3 min. 50J sec This closed the programme shortly before 5 o'clock, the races having been gone tlirough with almost unexampled rapidity. The card for to-day is as under :— Jockey Club Handicap of 1UJ sovs. One and a half mile. Nominations, with. 3 sovs., March 7, 18o'7. Weights declared March 14, lSbT, ami acceptance*, with 10 sovs. sweep, on night of general entry. Hon. J. Baker's b.f. Eugenie, 3 yrs. Air. O. Adcock's b.c. Crusader, 3 yrs. Mr. O. Adcock's b c. Lottery 3 yrs. Mr. P. B. Coglin's br.f. Apparition, 3 yrs. Mr. W. G. Morris's br.g. Darkie, 4 yrs. Mr. J. Scott's br.g. Stag, 5 yrs. Mr. P. Francis's b.m. Midnight, 4 yrs. Mr. J. Lamb's e.g. Cedric, aged. Mr. L. Barnard's b.g. Booyoolee, 4 yrs. Mr. E. M. Bigot's g.m. Cowra. Selling Stakes of 30 soys. Entrance, 2 sovs. One mile and a quarter. Winner to be sold after the race, and surplus over entered price to go to the fund. Weight for age if entered at £70; allowed 7 lbs. if at £35; 11 lbs. if at MO; 21 lbs. if at £25. Mr. o. Adcock's b.m. Alice, 5 yrs.— £2o. Mr. J. Harvey's b.g. Sugarplum, 3 yra.— £40. Mr. W. H. Forraby's b.g. Fluke, Uyts.— £?£-. Mr. T. Rvan's e.g. Mack, aged— £25. Forced Handicap of 30 sovi., with a sweep- of 5 sovs. from all winners of 50 sovs. and over, and 3 sovs. if a winner of under 50 sov3., Hurdles and [Jacks excepted; loaera at 5 sovs. Cue mile six fjrlongs. Beaten Stakes of 20 sow. Fntrance, 2 sovs. One mile ; heais. For all horses beaten during the meeting. Handicap. Post entrance. The following is the betting at the Globe hist night, on the events for which the card is already filled up. The entries for the Forced Handicap and Beaten Stakes will b : taken on the ground. Handicap.— Stag first favourite, even on Cowra, 3 to 2 against Midnight, o to 1 against Apparition and Crusader, 4 to 1 against Eugenie, Cedric, and Lottery, 3 to 1 against Crusader, 5 to 1 against iioovoo'ee, t- to 1 against Ddrkie. Selling Stakes.- 2 to 4 against Alice, 3 to 1 against Sugatpluin and Fluke, C to 4 against Mack. 