ARTHIUR HA AN IDEA OF HIS OWNI "This tu nuse oa ey hoes, Thll Is nane o' my loou: 1 k-n it by the blggln a't," uano, or rather hummed, the Chief in s~ver dismal tone as we loll "the House" on Thursday night lot, and wended our weary way to the refeshmest room. "No:u said the Chief, "this os vane' ' 4t hoa. - There is eranite in thiu house--there ase :hsa-bahked bricks from the North in this house tha'lI cunnot mould as I should wish'-the materlil is oetplaetio. These new members from the North are not ofthe old raP. I lite them not, these?Norsemsen. There be tte great Archers we read of in the olden time, who " let fly tremendous areows; their pnnderousshafts pieree even my mstriplex. No,"eaid the Chief iths diemal choke of his head, " thsis is nane e' my hoos.'" uLet's liquor up," said 1T ; ah Chief,yes are met, phoriel--cocltailP" tHenodded amelanoholysusent, and continued as I ommpounded the renovator. "hfet'phor and melancholy go together. "1[ hare seen a gitont to-night.u "A ghost I" said I, stopping fora moment in the elaborate work I was engaged in. "Aghost; you are dreaming!" "I saw, nir," said he, "the ghost of mypulitisal asrendaney, the ghost of my youth-my polities youot, I seen- when I led the Bouse and. gvereed the eolony. That gllost, sir, will never be flesh and - blood again, I fear. There isa ehasngein ove'gthist. Tiue change af-etc me though I seinssehdsngedf eveurlthisnn~'"laters-es~ls~e4.lr mae~ aloe~an old fellow it' Rome who glined victories hbe delaying." "I know him:' said It "is was a military swells they rolled him Cunm-tator. I got many a thrashing for tilowing ihis roomple." " Well, vir," entisnued the Chief, Oi itn likely that wou (and I) shall avre another thracluine for she same fatlt. , Yee, I lhink I hare delayed soo long. If I had only prochtimed 'free selection' in time, who tould hove totuhed u'. We would hare besns w firm ,s the Rock of Cachel. that Tippeesy rou poueem*s of a rock. Too lhte, too late!" said the Chief, and-I was reitinded of Nnpoleon uas le retreated insh by inh brfure the world to Fontainebleou. "Too late yes? my best cord mas truntped by the SBlrepita. Yet, we could hane fouclt tltm und beat Viem. But thewo Fortetoen t no, they will not be beaten. It ua&differ.; cot style; tky will sot be brow-hesten, I am a pretty tlci lunud ye abnser 7 tried it no wit!, the )l Kenotedy 'nan, you re ettbere well, you aee, it did not go down: the personalities rere distasteful to this Houseo. Formerly, nutolh a brilliant oesaut de loague wotld have been cheered by my followers; tilis one was tot. Sir, my star has paled beforetheNorth- . ern luottinary." "Soy not so, oh! Chief," I answered,-"for let the ortohro lumirary be never eo bright, you are oste constellation, our Southern Crosu, thlough the people do say you Itove bren a very heavy crass to bear." "Tile people be hanged," said he viciously ; "I wias they had only one neck and I mould select ito destittation. I promised tlhem ecerything, sir, and now they begitn to hate me because a few men propose to do eonelthing better than I promised. I wish," said tihe Chief, "I Iud tiever been a public man. If I huad rultivated a sotall farm-beutus ils guiproeul n nweyoi'i, man wants butlittle here below, nor wanta that little long. By Jove!" said the Chief suddenly, "u good idea l" "Yes," said I "the pout-" "Port be - blowed," said uhe Chief; "hes no poet--it would bo betterthan the Chairmanship. Eh, ehl! if he could only be inidueed to give it up. Eb, ehb!" said lie, "Crowut Solinitor-not so bad," and itt ant appaornt absence of mind drinking up my glass, which was nearly full, bh walked away with a springy stop that surprised me. I was left alone. I weld tiot uaderutond hiim. I "put on" several glasses to see his meaning-I did not see it for a length of time. At last I saw it though a" flash of lightning?-"tho Chiofhad had an idee!--an origintal idea I Well, if the idea become unfuit ueootpli, what will become of us P-the Courier; and ONE OF THEM. Various reasons are given why men do not go to church. The fact is that they are not fed when they do go. Human nature is true to itself, and men will not go where titry are not fed. If there was a discrimi notissg peucherr in tise pslpit, anAd he sent men away witi better judgment, and witll better moral coavie tions, and with better balanced states of mind; if he sent tlhem awuy feeling that the sn-cmon went home witlls tem, and that they needed it,tlhe chours would he a place to which people would resort far nlore than they now do. And never was there a time when men wanted religious truth as much as now. Kerer was there a time ahen so many were hungryfor keow ledge of thinigs that pertain to manlsood here and hbeeafer ar at tsins very day. And when they go to chardend p.t nothing hat acut struw, and straw raised fine hnndved yeasa ago at tsant, and will not come gailn, I honour thlem. I lay this law as much to myresIf as to sity bresltrcn. I never scolded you for not coming to cisrchi, and I neier will. I do not mean isere, for you almost always flu this house; but if ssy praysrs-seetings uand lectures are not well at tended,it is'isy tunlt and not yours. I know it. I do sot bhsliece. as lone, as Ihuaiasn natul's remains true to iwhot it is, tint the herdo will refuse to come tothe ust- when tlirse iejuicy fodder ishere; asid if they do not lome it is hesause there is nolthing to eat. 'lsereforc, witen oar evessing saeehings isave fallen offi I Ipvc always said ho myself, " You are fslieng off, orsd not tile !,olese." Beets when I haews not remedied" the eil, I hisre tnown tiue au s otlit all the Sime. Asid, on thie otsrer Isnsd, thie momenrt nsyows soul wue? fssii. nlsd sos ssn1sslsHies flowed out in overwhelmng tides toward ssy fellow-nmen, I save notirrd that my _sehtisigs Issive posse sip. if a man sieetps under my "reehillg, I do not reid a boy to wake him ips; but i Del that a boy Iisu better come and wake me op. H?r," lls,'es Beeerev. 