HOW IT FARES WITH THE POPE'S ENEMIES. ? , ' Under this heading we have copied elsewhere an Article from an American Catholic paper, which mentions some striking instances ef the visible vengeance of Providence on the unhappy men who took part in the Italian Revolution, and in the spoliation of the Church in the King dom of Piedmont, and in the Duchies, and in the usurpation of the dominions of the Holy See. Many additional and still more startling facts might be added to those collected by our able Translantic contempory. We proceed to narrate some of those which have come to our know ledge, and we hope, from time to time, to re sume the subject. The justification of the Lord ought not to pass unnoticed by those who revere His moral government of His own world. We invite from our readers the communication of any similar facts ot which they may be cognisant. The Bill of Rattazzi for secularising the con ventual property was brought in during the autumn of 1854. ? It passed the Senate, but the debate upon it in the Representative Chamber had hardly commenced when, on the 9th January, 1855, the King's mother, the Queen Dowager, was smitten down with sudden and fatal illness, of which she expired on the after noon of the third day after her seizure. Her interment took place on the 16th, and the Royal family had scarcely returned from the funeral when it becomes necessary that Maria Adelaide, the Queen Consort, should receive the last Sacraments. She died at day break on the 20th. On the same day the Duke of Genoa, the king's only brother, aged 23, was Bmitten down with sudden and fatal illness. Not withstanding the best ettorts or medical skill, he expired on the evening of the 10th of February, on which very day Count Cavour had resumed in the representative chamber the de bate on the Convents Confiscation Bill. On the 17th of May, theinfant Prince, who had been born on the 8th of January, followed, his mother to an untimely grave. Previously, in March, 1856, there had died the Count Giacinto di Collengo, Senator. It was he who had originated the project of law against the Religious Corporations, the iniquitous measure that was given legislative effect in the Bill of Rattazzi. His illness was unintelligible to the faculty : he was still in the prime of life. Before his death, he sent for his parish priest, and made before competent wit nesses, a solemn retractation of the share he had borne in the law of coaventualspoliation. On the 29th of Octoberinthe same year died Count Joseph Sicardi, aged 53. He had suffered intensely for a year. He sent for the parish priest, but was unable to do more than answer with .the word 'Yes,' when asked if he .retracted the hostile speeches against the Church which he was the first man to make in the Piedmontese Senate. ? About the same time another Senator, the Baron, Margharita, made a pimilar retractation, and died. On the 4th of April, ) 1860* i the President of the Representative Chamber of i Turin, General Quaglia, read out the names of the deputies of Bologna and Ravenna, just l elected to serve in the 'Italian' Parliament' ! from the usurped Papal territory. No sooner . i had the President pronounced tha names of the ' traitors than he was smitten with apoplexy, he was carried home, and died within forty- eight hours. Bianchi Giovini, editor of a blasphemous I and revolutionary Turin paper, called the Uniene I commenced to write a popular history of the I Papacy, which was designed to blacken and vilify. He had published the first three chap, ters, and had written and put to press the fourth, ? but before its appearance the impious author was ; struck with paralysis, and disabled from further \ abuse of his literary talents. In the same year I there died also Corner©, a Deputy, who had \ brought in a law against the Church, inaddi- \ tion to what ia stated in the article we have quoted above about Count Qavour, it well known that he was seized with his mortal illness on the 1st or second of June, I860,, the day on' which the national festival of the unification of Italy was appointed to be held ; that he ' received the last Sacra ments (without retractation, and therefore, it I is to be feared, invalidly ; for which the ' J monk who communicated him was severely J reprehended at Rome) on the feast of Corpus. I Christj (then for the first time dishonoured by j being ignored by the state), and he died on the ! following morning. To the account given of I Farini, it should be added that his madneas j was caused by the fixed idea that he was haunted J by the ghost of Anviti, whom he had caused to (I be torn to pieces by the furious revolutionary I mob of Parma. His shrieks from the horror of j this bloody vision are said to have been terrible. j About Fanti it may be trully added, that, his j savage order of the day, at which even the I Liberal press cried out shame, will not soon be forgotten in Italy. In the year 1865, there died Massimo d'Azeglio, nobleman, diplomatist, author, and statesman, a prominent abettor of the Revolution. He was cut off in the midst of his career, and in the flower of his age ; also j Crofferio, Deputy, and a popular writer. About j the same time there also died a remarkable | number of other noted revolutionist partisans, | all men in the prime of life. Amongst them were Gioca, Manna Perato, Pivio, Valerio, Zambianchi, Roberto d'Azeglio, Pinelli, ,and Mohtenelli. Millontone was smitten down by paralysis as he was returning from the council, where he had proposed the nullification of the Concordat and the prosecution of the Catholics, also the Councillor of State and Vice- President of the chamber, Da Farina, a Sicilian, and subject of the kingdom of Naples. He was the first who planned the iniquitous and traitorous invasion of the Neapolitan territory. Aviguone, a revolutionary priest of Milan, notorious for, hia persecution of the vicar-general and clergy, who remained faithful to the Holy see has died also. He was struck down suddenly. One more solemn act has to be added to the present solemn enumeration ; it is the moat nf.7»ilrinnr nnrl mrmrn-ful of sill (nv it. mlsifaa ?fcrt -vh(» defection of a prelate of the Church — one of those ' who seemed to be pillars,' whose func tion it was not only to' walk in the way of truth themselves, but to strengthen their brethren therein. Monsignor Caputo, Bishop ef Arcano, in violation of his duty to his rightful King, publicly recognised the usurpation ef Garibaldi and Victor Emmanuel. He is reported to have said that he hoped to sing High Mass at St. Peter's to celebrate the fall of the papacy ! He became grand almoner to Victor Emmanuel. -He died on the 6th December, 1862, after his own vicar-general and the clergy of the Chapter had been compelled, on account of his own impeni tence, to refuse him the last Sacraments, which he ultimately received from the hands of an in terdicted priest, one of the Garibaldian crew. He shared the treason and untimely fate of the Count of Syracuse, uncle to the young King of Naples who was cut off in the midst of his days, after he had joined in a base alliance with the enemies of the nation and of the royal race to which he belonged. Men must be blind— nay, besotted — who .refuse to recognise in these events something more than the dispensation-of blind chance.— Westminster Gazette. 