EBTEBTAWtiEflTS. THE THEATEES, &c.; ' " Oin me ltin To sifeakmy minid."—Seaweark. It it In the nature of a etupendoua achieve ment for a My to] play Hamlet at alU :Ad-'j mitffng that there is a adit of necessity for, flaying you could almost pardon her if ehe played it less than welf; but to get through it j without an approach to failure, as Mrs. Vincent .j did last Batordaynight,ia something to; be congratulated Upon. Be good enough to un. | demtand, however, that the congratulations I offer are of the hind that one friend conveys to another on his having escaped a 'great] danger. For i hare such a high Opinion Of Mrt. Vincent's general powers, and I hare, liked her so much. in many parts for,which ehe is admirably suited, that I almost dreaded seeing hej- in a character which haB proved a j stumbling-blockto some,great actags. Never theless, Mrs. Vincent gave a good reading of.) the part; she was easy and graceful-—butBbe is alwayis these—-and she adopted some of those -1 recent innovations in make-up for which | probability at least affords excellent warrant. And yet she time hot near the Hamlet of the imagination;'.the dreamy, philosophis ing, „ irresolute, s^f-tprturing prince; that ] embodiment of a, psychological puzzle about whicl} , metaphysicians hare written so much* and #»ld So littlej the crea tion ' which presents itself in such an in finity of aspects, and about which one may speculate fbr'ever, and yet hardly reach the true explanation; 'For all that, I hare seen Hamlet far less ' nearly realised than in that of I Mrs. Vincent. I hare seen Hamlet roared ! and jumped and travestied ; I hare seen ^ainlets of infinite feebleness, fiat, rapid Hamlets, Hamlets painted in milk and water, and I hare seen Hamlets pointed in bold, staring, ruigar colours. But then I hare also seen Hamlet well done, done in a manner to command high admiration, always prorided it was not exacted of me to admit that my ideal Hamlet was reached. It is no necessary disparagement of Mrs. Vincent's endeavours to spy that no actor ever did, and probably no actor erer will, completely fulfil ail the expec tations formed from carefully studying the character ; and, on the other hand, it is only just to her to say that her Hamlet is fer re moved from some caricatures that hare been presented on the 'Melbourne Btage. I should not like to Bay that it is incapable of developing into a great representation of the character, but I think Mrs. Vincent will consult her in terests more truly by applying her endeavours; in a-dbwetioit fitNnam dmr- ceal^ strength lies. For "charming actress as she undoubtedly is, end eminently rsucoeBsfbi: as she has been in ; -many of the parts she has essayed in this city, j a secret conviction that we hare not 1 er best, and that her Teal,1 iriumpfi8esMMj^rome. If, however, she , should ever do -fiamlet again, I trust she will ■ discard all vigjgjoas of the text And by: intend any protest _ _ ions readings as doubt has ; rendered fair subjects of controversy. But against capricious innovations in the Oib herian spirit I must raise a determined voice; for example, I know of no warrant whatever for substituting in place of the legitimate " I'll take the ghost's word for a thousand pounds," the altogether. illegiti mate " I'll take the ghost's word jor dU ike coinin Denmark!*. I do nofcknow who, origi nated this alteration. I first heard it em ployed by Mf. Barry Bullivaaj but though there were maiiy things in his Hamlet of great merit, some of the liberties he took with the text were simply impertinences, winch a really Shaksperian audienoe would have re sented, by refusing to hear any more of the play until he spoke the phrase correctly. - tf, however, Mrs. .Vincent's Hamletis.not. a subject tor unqualified felicitation,, Mr. Vincent's Kiug oomee very seer snoha reaoflt. It is always an npbffl part, which very ordinary actors render highly disagreeable, < and which your genuine *' stick" uiually bur lesques. It is much oftmdrill-played than well; but it bffrra another opportunity of oon*: firming the truth of the ofcrtyeiatei assertion, that the effeotiveiees of many 'thO ector,, and notinthe . good'taste of which he has shopn w.mwjyj,' prc^ Mr. Vincent restored that port^a & bbp^ rifteni05Wtt«ji,ia thc ihirdeoeneoF: the.tldrdsotrwheiwtiie relenting, rideof the King's oharaoter ia shown i only the effect was rVriyifceorly polled bytbe less tima «bffioient<! staghHsttaegemsht employed, wnd&mtigbt; •edition, Mr. Gb&rle;* £*tn made -n eort of endeavour ^ this, e«4 l}ut,.; ^ ,^aighfc be expected, bis remito} lha& rilferetfcl chiefly •|» the .exaltation of one character in each piece. A, rational actingedition is yet to come, • ■ Aa to the rest of the cast in this fetoedt production;of Hamlet there is not much to be ; spid. We all know that Mr. Lamberts Polonms is the Polonius par excellence of th£ oolohial^stage, and that Mr. Stewtut isAmoib tpan satisfactory Gravedigger. But, Heaven ( lielp.ug. if .We never get a better Ophelia than ! .: MjiP* Stonebam got well through to® bBffMW of the Queen, despite ' for. which she cannot be blamed., But when . Mr. BeUalr playa the Ghost, Hamlet'a pity for him seems greatly needed} and when MR Ijlarwottd plays Osric, Although he plays-it' Exceedingly well, one cannot but wonder, . nevertheless, tshy Tbie should.play it. ; ^ ®HPjP°®e it is customary when an acto>r 'doubles" to announce him in the pills wi^h sh alias; but I .think it a sort of afoctotioq to do so, for everybody ;xgpognises him.. For instance, though you may call Mr. Welch and Mr. Ward respectively Mr. James-and Mr. . Sheppard, you do not take anybody in by eo naming them. On Tuesday night Mrs. Vincent appeared as Mrs. Haller, which it is needless to say Bhe plays with infinite tenderness and feeling. Thursday and Friday have been devoted to exceptional performances, on the first night to a benefit for the, Iying-ia Hospital, " Fast Lynne" being appropriately, selected as the principal item in .the bilL Last night (Friday) Mias Aitken eaid good1- ' bye for a while, if not for ever, to Melbotrrne theatre-goers, in Meg Merrilies and Iolanthe; more is the pity and the Bhame that she should not find it to her interest to stay for ever with us. At the Haymarket there have been all the week crowds of people, many of whom, desired to live again the pleasant hours they p^ffd ■ years agp in the Old Adelphi, London, when the Adelphi Company proper flourished ; and others who, having heard of those pleasaht times, and having seen " Green Bashes" more or less inefficiently done on this side the equator, went to see how it used to be presented when first the world became acquainted with it. That is to say how it used to be presented, 60 for aa scenery, grouping, and general ar rangements are concerned; but if you come to the cast you will have to exercise a goad ■ deal of imagination before you can quite ac cept some of the present representatives of the characters as substitutes for those who sus tained them more than a score of years ago. ' ■But then we have the original Miami: aWd «^® gpf*along way.' It sdggestod^^« wl flections to Bee men and women, somQofthem fathers and mothers who were not born when Madame Celeste first played the part, enjoying her delightful acting, and wondering, possibly, / if she looked so young now, how axtwrnirfy young she must have seemed at that'time. ' gut Madame Celeste is of foeperennial sort, • and has evidently made some *rrenjwwn«mfr with Time by which Bhe is neves to grow old. Ii wish it were Written in the book of her fiiture destinies that she were to stay and ' manage a theatre in Melbourne for the next' ten years, if for nothing else than fo show ' wjiat a different effect the same piece may be made to produce according to the manner of ita preparation. I say with considerable de liberation that "Green Bashes" has not been acted in Melbourne until sow, though I remember a good many attempts at repte* senting it, X have moro than once edtpreroed . my opinion of the litenuy merits ot the pteoej, aid X have nothing to withdraw of alllhaTe, s$id .thereon; but it is not difficult to pardon ■a! good many of its defects in 'this respect ' when it is put upon the stage under Mddania - CbMfce'e direction. Even in the eroSs-feoeuei,'' or " carpenter's-scenes" as they are techni cally called, Bhe shows how, by a little attention to perspective, the crowded-up effeot may be ■obviatEi. That interior with the panellfd ■wialls and the large diamdnd-paned hav wwdow tnakeeyou foigst the flatSaOrilya fow iejet from the proscenium; more is tf ' tlfose twb modem bedroom chares We' \ % -o» to spoil the oongniity of effort The ec^ue isromarkabiyoomplete In itu detail had isjnot marred by that ponveigance of the which set interims too "often show, possibly |th n viejr totheoonv tnitmg at the rides of the theism boTunl dubtedljr to the destrnbtion of real pictorial Sect The street setae -in^iiMia'is 'tfse fainentty picturesque. Tip iowhooaeontbe fiastseippi», howro as impeesible »looking yfoce./es^xt.M The «i «*»"•%. ^ ■ -'foions t»oaeniwAt,aMft>g.iW hi a:;Te^,tMA§ieg|mSl/;}to .xqgmdt ! 