Amusements. THEATRE ROYAL.—Mr. Punch attended three of Mr. Barlow's Entertainments at the above mentioned place of amusement, and was highly satisfied with that gentleman's performances. He would have been better pleased however if the financial statement, delivered from behind the rock— harmonican had been omitted, after the first night Mr. Punch has had a perfect mania during the last few days for endeavouring to extract music from the most unlikely substances, and has made himself quite ill over the kitchen bellows. On returning home from the last performance he rushed into the lower regions ot his domicile, and seized the gridiron, with the view of extracting music therefrom. Now it so happened that the partner of his joys and sorrows having to entertain a few friends at supper, had been performing some culinary operations with the aid of the article in question. Consequently it was hardly in a lit state for a performer to execute any musical manipulations with comfort to himself, and uttering a loud yell, Mr. Punch rushed to the water butt, and plunging his hand therein, muttered a blessing upon the respected name of Barlow. Mr. Ptftfc/fchasoneortwo things on hand from which heshouM like to see or rather hear Mr. Barlow extract anything in the shape of music or melody—Item, one of Packer's last compositions, item, an old door mat. (This is a goa/c.) j | I J I Mr. Spiller's performance oil the patent roller skate? i? undeniably good, and well worth seeing. At the be>t, boards are a poor substitute for ice, but with the aid oi' a winter scene, at ttie back of the stage, and an intense!}' vivid imagination, the thing looks more like real skating, than one would be inclined to believe. Mr. Punch hopes to meet these gentlemen once more at the Theatre Royal before their departure, and the songs lie commands for the occasion are the " live cripples," aiH* "have you seen the ghost? " M. Yertelli, the Australian Blondin, gave what may U- termed with truth a " Sensational " performance last week. The rope, poles, guys, Vertelii, and all came down with tremendous crash, almost frightening everybody's hie out. It was an admirably arranged feat, and strange to s-ay u" one appeared more surprised than the periormer hin^e U: We didn't go the next evening. The short hand note of the only speech made by tk| Honorable Member for Jordan, Isaac Bisdee, Esq., during the Session, in the Legislative Council, on the loth K'b'j ruary last: — j ' Divide. 1 I 