LECTURE ON ABYSSINIA. ' ON Saturday night, Captain Speedy delivered his second lecture on Abyssinia, in the hall of the School of Arts, Pitt-street. The lecture was given in aid of the funds of the Destitute Children's Asylum at Randwick, and, as there was a very numerous audience, the lecturer will, no doubt, have rendered substantial benefit to that excellent charity. On this second occasion also the lecturer was dressed in Abyssinian costume. The long white cloth bordered with red (called the hammer) which the lecturer wore gave him a picturesque appearance and partly by his dexterous manipulation of this garment, Captain Speedy succeeded in producing a striking portraiture of Abyssinian life and manners. The lecture was chiefly valuable on account of the information it conveyed ; but, regarding it as an entertainment simply, the lecture could not well have been more successful. It IBCO disparagement to say that the lecturer did not embellish his discourse by the refinements of elocutionary art, but there was great humour and force in his sententious utterances. Captain Speedy's address was naturally frank and I cheerful, his gesticulation most apt and significant, and he showed a ready perception and honest appreciation of the better features of Abyssinian character-an appreciation none the less genuine because it was not paraded. It would be a thankless, because a difficult if not an impossible task, to give a fair idea of the lecture, since much of its success was owing to the garb and manner of the lecturer and to the heartiness with which he seemed unconsciously to act the characters and events which it was his object to describe. Without attempting to reproduce in print the series of pictures of Abyssinian life which delighted the audience, we propose to insert a few notes which will probably cot in iininterAnfiniy The lecturer began his address by briefly recapitulating what he had said on a former evening as to the cause which lend to the detention of the British consul and the other captives in Abyssinia. He did not wish to be thought a supporter of Theodore exactly, but he preferred to give an impartial account of matters as they had actually occurred, and in doing so he must ask the audience to throw away French's idea of Theo- dore which was that of a thick lipped negro dressed in gaiter?, and shading himself with a cabbage leaf Since his last [lecture he had been fortunate enough to procure a copy of the Abyssinian Emperor's letter to her Majesty, and be would now read it. The letter was as follows: " In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, one God in Trinity. The chosen by God king of kings of Ethiopia, Theodore, to her Majesty Queen of England, Victoria's hope your Majesty is in good health. By the power of God I am well. My father, the Emperor, having forgotten sur Creator, he handed over their kingdom to the Gallas and Turks. But God created me, lifted me out of the dust, and restored this empire to my rule. By his power drove away the Gallas; EL-, for the Turks, I have told them to leave the land of my ancestors. They refuse. I am going to wrestle with them. Mr. Plowden and my late Grand Chamberlain the English- man Bell-used' to tell me that there is a great Christian Queer who IQVM all Christians. When he said. to me this I as.- --a able to make fcñjridBbip between you, then was I ' ^¿^^»"jurem^kUledlhetómyfrfencta. Butts.." .,r7i OATH I have exterminated those enemies, not power- 1200',. ""wish of my own family, that leaving Be show, a set of Goodyear I OBE zeE through the t s ambassadors friendship. I fear that if I so- Cameron with presents D' Smith by Consul .? "as they may be arrested by the Turks, and now wish that may arrange for the safe passage of my ambassadors every- where on the road. I wish to have an answer to this letter by Consul Cameron, and that he may conduct my embassy to England. See how the Islam oppresses the Christian.' Was not that a remarkable letter Theodore was seeking, in the first place, to be recognised as the Emperor of Abyssinia and though he justified his war with the Turks, yet that was not his main object, He only sought to ascertain whether England would receive his arabaswkiora, And guarantee a safe passage for them through Egypt- New came the sad part of the story. Captain Cameron, having received Theodore's letter, left Gondar, and arrived at Massowah about November 1862, and, under instructions from Earl Russell, proceeded to Kassel, whither .tQ0 lecturer accompanied Lim. In spite of his warnings, Cab' tain Cameron re-entered Abyssinia; and, extraordinary to relate, the Foreign Office did not deem Theodore's letter worthy of notice. The consul's position was a painful one for he had displeased the Emperor by having visited the Egyptian territory, and had now to own that the British Government ignored the letter, and consequently refused to receive the Emperors ambassadors. The result was the imprisonment of the British Consul and of all the British subjects in his power. He would not enter into the sickening details of their captivity, for that was too painful a subject ; but he would advert to our expeditionary force now en route to effect the liberation of the prisoners. Part of the troops had already arrived at Eucla, and by the 15th of January the force will be ready to march into Abyssinia. There were three principal routes open to them, namely, to Massowah, via Hall, on the north, Tejurrah on the east, and Matemma on the west. First, as to the Halai route. From Zulla to Halai we should have to marry, a distance of seventy miles, through hot and unhealthy country, little or no food for cattle, and great scarcity of water ; then to encounter a most difficult ascent of the Abyssinian mountains. The road was nothing but the bed of a winter torrent, excessively rugged, heaped up in places with huge granite boulders, and occasionally , running along the steep side of a deep ravine until the plateau was reached. Here wood, water, and grass were abundant, and the climate delightful. But the distance to Theodore's capital was 300 miles, and the road somewhat similar to the last day's march, alternating, however, with level plateaux every forty miles. An army could not do more than ten miles a day, and thus the march to Debra Tabor would occupy a month at least, that was if it were unopposed. The second route, from Tajurrah, traversed a sandy barren plain for 200 miles ; then another of 200 miles over the same kind of ground as the previous one, The advantage of of this route would be that it was entirely through the provinces that had thrown off their allegiance to Theodore. The third route was the Matemma route, From Zulla the army would move to Kassala in twelve days, and from thence to Matemma in fourteen days. As for the latter place, the country to be traversed was a plain, with wells at the various halting places. Wood was abundant, but grass scarce. Camels could find ample food, because they browsed on the leaves of trees. One great advantage of this route was that it was through Egyptian territory. On leaving Matemma the road commenced to be uneven, and in some parts was rocky. Although in some places it was too rough to allow a gun- carriage to pass, yet camels could traverse the whole distance to the Lake Dembea, the shore of which was only thirty miles from Debra Tabor. The Abyssinian territory commenced about thirty miles from Matemma but the only difficulty wosatTchelga, fifty-eight miles from Debra Tabor. Another advantage which this route had was that millet was procurable in large quantities, while camels, mules, cares, sheep, and cattle could also be had. Let us suppose that we had entered the country-and Theodore was a man who would like to see whether the English and the pluck to enter his country, since for twelve hundred years his people had kept the Mahomedans in check. Theodore used to say that the French could fight best on land, the English on the sea, and the Abyssinians on the mountains, An army of 500 000 men animated by religious fanaticism,-ragamuffin lot though you call them would be formidable on the mountains, and Theodore was too wise to expose his forces to the attack of our cavalry and artillery on the plain. Theodore could go beyond the province on the south-west, and it would be next to impossible to get any trustworthy information of his whereabouts from the Abyssinians, who, while looking as artless as possible, could be crafty and deceitful. Having induced the offer of a reward, Theodore's spies would give full information as to where he was to be found, but they would not expose themselves to punishment by acting as our guide. Theodore would not in all probability dead ed any fort, but would harass our troops, and if they tried to follow him they would be about as successful as toys hunting a will-o'-the-wisp. Having arrived at Debra Tabor, he thought our true policy would be to occupy the country and begin to cultivate the soil. If we gave Theodore to understand that we would never leave his country until the captives were given up, he would be induced ultimately to give them up. That he thought was all we could do, and was the only way we could hope to get back the prisoners, unless we were fortunate enough to pounce upon them on first entering the country. The lecturer then proceeded to give a cursory sketch of the religion of the people. Their tradition asserted i bat the Queen of Sheba was Queen of Abyssinia, and that the Chamberlain of Queen Candace, whom Philip met reading the Scriptures in his chariot, was in Abyssinian. The Queen of Sheba, it was said, brought back with her from Jerusalem a number of Jewish priests, Le viten, soldiers, and artisans, and where else, it was asked, could Philip have learned to read the Scriptures if not in their country ? Frumentious, a monk from Alexandria, failing in the Red, Sea was wrecked, and, being taken prisoner, he was carried into the interior of the country. By his superior intelligence, Frumentious roBe from slavery, and, having quickly acquired the language he translated the New Testament into Ethiopia. Returning to Alex- andria he was ordained Patriarch of Ethiopia, by Bishop Athanasius in A, E. 332 - a period which, being anterior to the separation of the Eastern and Western Churches would explain many of the peculiarities of the religious belief of the Abyssinians. There was evidence of the Jewish origin in the fact that their churches were circular, and not in the form of a cross ; there was an outer and an inner court, and a Holy of Holies ; the name of the latter being very similar to the Hebrew designation of the same place. No Sculpture was allowed in their churches, but painting was admitted. The match or blue silken thread worn round the neck, was a mark of Christianity. The Abyssinians had a great number of saints St. Michael, St. Raphael, and St. George of Cappadocia being favorite worthies. They had also many festivals and many feasts. They were very strict in their laws of marriage -a marriage by a priest in a church was indissoluble. There were, however, those who thought that there ought to be a civil marriage before a judge, and that if from, incompatibility of temper they wished to be divorced, they ought to be allowed to separate, each taking half of the property. [Captain Speedy here gave a graphic description of a marriage ceremony peculiar to one part of the country, and he enacted the affair admirably. The dialogue between the bride and bridegroom under the hammer, although given, in the vernacular, appeared to be perfectly well understood by the audience, and the sound of a noise, which, as the lecturer archly remarked, was " something just like kiiBing," provoked great merriment. The lecturer next described a custom which prevails in Abyssinia, resembling an Irish wake ; not such fighting, but plenty of eating and drinking. They made a curious cry, or prolonged howl, which sounded like the ringing of a tumbler or a finger glass half full of water. [The lecturer gave an imitation of the sound ; but, after some seconds, the music of melancholy was broken in upon by the uncontrollable daughter of the audi- ence.] The deceased would be glad in holiday garments, and, if an unmarried girl, in a bridal dress. The mourners sang songs at these wakes, in which they mentioned the good qualities of the departed, and told how much they regretted his loss. The lecturer, after describing the character of the music, ' sang one of the songs which he had learned in Abyssinia. It was the lament of a young warrior, who, returning home to meet his lady love, found that she was dead, and ready to be borne to the tomb. His friends bring him to her. Nothing now is left to him but to throw flowers on the tomb. She is more beautiful in death than in life. His heart, his life, is gone." This ode, celebrating the pathetic event, was sung with exquisite tenderness by the lecturer. At the burial of an infant, after the usual service, the priest prayed to Him who raised up the son of the Widow of Nain, for mercy on these His servants (meaning the fatter and mother) that He who had taken away their beloved might give other offspring in his place. The lecturer then passed on to notice the productions of the country. In most parts of the country, on the plateaux, wheat might be seen growing, in different stages, and fine crops could be I obtained in two years, and barley ripened three times in the year. Coffee was grown in the south-and, indeed, it was from the southern part of the country that an Arabian merchant first took the berries and carried them to Mocha, They grew the sugar-cane, but did not extract the juice, the cane being generally sold in the markets as sweetmeats for children. To eat honey, butter, or anything sweet, was. reckoned very unmanly. An Abyssinian thought that butter would take away his strength, and he looked upon the eating of it with disgust, but the people need it freely on their hair as pomatum. (Laughter.) Gold was plentiftiHn the southern part of Abyssinia, but the north was too volcanic, But if the diggers at the Thames, in New Zealand, could make it pay, he was sure that they would find the whole of Abyssinia to pay. In the South, among the Galla), the people would work at gold- field as deep as their shoulders,, but below that they never dared to go for they supposed that if they did their eldest son or some of their; relatives would be sure to die. Then, too, they only worked for nuggets, and did not care about the dust. Eba hoped that some of the Australian diggers would try their hands there yet. (Cheers.) Cotton grew luxuriantly».osd the spinning of the threads was the chief occupation of the women, Labour in Abyssinia was excessively dear; but you could purchase seven!, sheep at Debra Tabor for a dollar. In war, the Abyssinians trusted chiefly to the cavalry. They had, a few firearms of an inferior description, and they were good shots at short ranges, but not at great distances. In pe^os-whioh was not often-they occupied themselves in bunting, and their mode of, taking the lion says poouHar. Three men aimed with speers and a shield would follow up a lion to his lair, and, having reached his den, they would begin to throw stones. One of them would go up in front and indulge in )..,., ' * """h as calimo- the lion a coward, telling children seems, -p- .. ^ jj that he WM old that by him that he had WAWN 2 2. "2 The mare was falling car, and SO -went begin to roar, and just as he was ".,... jo jump from the [air, the man who had been abusing him would tell his comrades on each side to throw; The ar/2*r«iuen, at twelve yards distance, then hurried their weapons with unerring aim, at the poor brute was transfixed, the large- headed spears going' through and through. The man in front would cover his" head and breast with his shield, and would crouch backwardS of tiny lion sprang upon him. Tío spearmen often piercbV1."1? lion through the heart ; but in all cases the loss of bW100 was clear, and the vertebrae of the animal were severed by" a stab from the spearmen before the lion could do any harm to the man behind the shield. The Abyssinians considered this a very cowardly proceeding on their part, and thought that a European showed great pluck when, lying in ambush near a waterhole, he shot the lion with his rifle They judged of the English rifle by their own untrustworthy weapons; and they considered it next to impossible that the spearmen could miss their aim. On one occasion be (Captain Speedy) was travelling on foot with three men to Massowah. During the night he was awoke by the roaring of Hone in the immediate neighbourhood, and he found that the fire was out, Be directed the man on watch to keep up the fire, and he was told that he need not be afraid of the lions. Her tried to stop;, and in the morning; he questioned, the men about the lions. They told him that M a lion knew very well' whether you were afraid of him or not and by lighting afire year showed that you were afraid, and had cattle or something; that you Vf suited to protect. But if you did not light a fire, the lion sniffed about and said, There is a trap-here,' and not satisfied with roaring as a gentleman loan would, he put his mouth down to the ground and roared in that way." He (the lecturer) preferred Area after that. (Laughter) Having told some good stories about the hunting and trapping of elephants-, the lecturer then described the make-of Abyssinian swords spears, and shields ; he also showed how these weapons-Tore used, end gave a sample of an Ahys- I siman dances. These were very vigorous perfer_ur_oes, and severely taxed even the lecturer's power of voice and limb. He showed extraordinary agility and muscular power, and his performances could hardly be surpassed by the assaut d'armes of professional Swords men, to be sure there is little analogy between the tactics of Abyssinian and European fences. The lecturer then gave an account of .' how Abyssinian travellers spent their evenings. tight,' or any other kind' of literature was scarce, and the cheapest marruBcript that he ever saw offered for sale was valued at fifty even. Having supposed that a group of travellers had reached an Abyssinian village, and intended to pass the night; there, they would sit down and begin telling stories. Captain Speedy then related one of the stories that he had heard. The narrative would be too long for transcription, and it would lose much of its force and beauty by abridgement. In conclusion, the lecturer asked was it not sad to think of what might be the future of Abyssinia, and their Church, that curious mixture of devotion, ignorance, and supersti- tion, which, although mixed up with Jewish ceremonies, was yet debased by pagan rites, and which, wonderful to relate, has kept some truth-in her during a period of upwards of twelve centuries ? We must feel interested in this wreck of Christianity, stranded on a foreign shore buffetted by storms for ages,- and yet not overwhelmed. It seemed to him that God had for some wise purpose brought our army into that region the most fertile perhaps on the glebe-a region which, by; the coolness of its climate and near proximity to the sea, was adapted in every way for Anglo-Saxon colonisation. Would that Abyssinia were retained by England, and thus be enabled to resume her former position, and perhaps eventually be the means of evangelising the whole continent of Africa! The lecturer who was repeatedly applauded' throughout his address, sat down amidst loud cheers. 'The Rev. A. H. STEPHEN proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer in complimentary terms, and took advantage of the occasion to present Captain Speedy with a handsome silver snuff-box, which the directors of the society had commissioned him to procure. The lid of the box bore the following inscription :-" Basha Fellaka (Commander Speedy), The Directors of the Asylum for Destitute Children to Captain Charles Speedy, W.M'., in recognition of his kindness in giving two Lectures on Abyssinia in aid of the Funds of the Institution" Sydney, December, 1867." Captain SSEIDY was so surprised at this unexpected present that he was unable to express his acknowledgments for some minutes. He at last gave utterance to his feelings in some foreign languages, which the Rev. Dr. Beg, on being asked by the Captain to come to his rescue, explained were the languages of Persia and Oude. Captain SPEEDY, having regained his command of English, expressed his thanks more intelligibly to the audience. He said that when he came to Sydney a few days ago, he had not a friend, but he had met with great kindness, and friends had crowded round him. He had never spoken to so large a number of persons assembled together before. He was asked by Mr. Wise to give a lecture and as he had visited the Randwick Asylum and I had been greatly pleased with what he saw there, he felt great pleasure in complying with Mr Wise's request, if | the proceeds of the lecture were given to that institution. He never expected the present he had received and he assured them that he did not require anything to make him remember the people of Sydney for their kindness would always live in his memory. | He did not take snuff himself; but it would be a very useful present when he got to Abyssinia, for the people there, though they did not smoke, were very fond of snuff and a snuff-box. was the best means of introduction you could have. When on the mountains of Ethiopia he offered the box to his friends, and took a slight pinch himself; hie-, recollections would revert with pleasure to Sydney, and he hoped that he might have the happiness to come back again and tell the remainder of the story. (Loud cheers.) A vote of thanks to the Rev. Dr. Lang, who, in the I unavoidable absence of the Chief Justice, had consented to preside, was then given, and the meeting separated at lO.lcTp.m. _ 