MISCELLANEOUS. From late English Papers. Aüoiniisnop MANNING.-On Sunday week Arch.bish.Op Manning referred to the non- Anglican Encyclical and the recent events in the Papal States. He said that the Encyclical, so hostile in profession, contained nothing, on analysis, to which a Catholic could object, The chief attacks of the Anglican communion in this country, and of the bishops abroad, were in the form of a protest against the endeavor to establish a universal sovereignty on behalf of the Holy See. For himself he never heard supremacy claimed. There was certainly a supremacy of jurisdiction in virtue of the power of the keys, which was indeed a Catholic truth, and for the defence of which Catholics would give their lives. They were next warned in the document alluded to against appealing to the blessed Virgin Mary and placing her in the stood of her Son, Where in the Catholic Church was the man who did SO If there were such a man he would say let him be anathema. The Virgin Mary was simply a creature, her Son was the Oroator. A desire had been expressed in the Church of England for communion with the Church of the East ; but how the Church in the East would agree with the Church which condemned prayers to the blessed Mother of God it was not for him to say. And now he paused to say thus much for this document, which was very remarkable in sound, but very innocuous in sense. It would do the Catholics of England no harm, and the foot of the Holy Rosary would wipe out all its bitterness. Asking their intercessions for the Pope, Archbishop Manning said that the throne of his Holiness, although French I bayonets were withdrawn, seemed as firm as before. I TiaraTSorf.-Whou Bulwer Lytton, the pro BontLordLytton, attacked him in his anonymous poem of the " New Tinton," chiefly on account of his pension, Tennyson is known to have written in Punch, under the signature of "Alex blades," a vigorous satire of the true Arohilooian kind. Those eminent literary men have not maintained the road. The shire has never been reprinted, and Lord Lytton has since spoke with admiration of the poet he had assailed. It appears that the " Charge of the Light Brigade first appeared in the Examiner. When it found its way into a volume, being re published in the issue of " Maud," it had received the usual mood of emendation, and any one who examines the Iterations, comparing them with the original text, will acknowledge a visible improvement. A third and final version afterwards appeared on a quarto sheet of four pages, with the following note at the bottom : " Having heard that the brave soldiers before Sebastopol, whom I am proud to call my countrymen, have a liking for my ballad on the " Charge, of the light Brigade at Balaclava, I have ordered a thousand copies of it to be printed for them. No writing of mine can add to the glory they have acquired in the Crimea ; but, if what I have heard be true, they will not be displeased to receive those copies of the ballad from me, and to know that those who sit at home love and honor them. Alfred Tennyson, 8th August, 1856."-" Tottny soprano," in the Leisure Hour. A PRIVATE letter from Biarritz thus speaks of the accident which occurred to the Empress at Socon, OIOBO to St. Joan de Luz c-The Em pross, who is very fond of excursions on the water, embarked at Biarritz with the Prince Imperial, n naval officer, a pilot, a give, and two gentlemen, attached, I believe, to the Court. All want on very well at first in the daytime, but as it grew into the wind rose, and there was a heavy surf on the shore. The pilot, who was a Basque, and who know the coast well, made a suggestion to the officer, which, it is said, he took no notice of. It was eleven o'clock, and quite dark, and the admiral did not take into account the position they Wore in. The Empress, the Prince, and all were on board the Government steamer Chamois. When they approached St. Joan de Luz they wished to land, as they were to return to the villa Eugenio in carriages which were in waiting for them. For the purpose they got into one of the ship's boats, but the boat dashed against a rock, and was near upsetting. At that moment the pilot throw him- self into the water to push off the boat, but the unfortunate man was crushed between the boat and the rock. It is said that the Empress, Boo- ing the danger they were in, cried out to pay no attention to her, but to save the Prince. The Prince, too, BOW the danger, and wanted to throw himself into the water and swim ashore. In spite of the efforts of the poor pilot, the boat struck repeatedly against the rock and filled with water. This took place quite close to the shore, but it was pitch dark, and all were in danger of being drowned. The Emperor, who had remained at Biarritz, was very uneasy at their long absence, caused signals to be made, and had lights up along the coast from Biarritz to St. Jean de Luz, to prevent accidents, and all Biarritz was in movement. It appears the Empress, when the party landed, would not stop a moment to change her own dress nor that of the Prince, she was so agitated. She entered the carriage and drove to the villa dripping wet. Some fears are entertained from the consequences of this accident to the Prince Imperial. Yesterday and to-day the whole town is in a state of excitement. Nothing else is talked of. It is said that the attempt to double the little cape of Socoa, instead of taking another direction, was the cause of the accident. Every one feels the greatest sympathy for the poor pilot. He was greatly esteemed, and was one of the finest men as well as the most skilful pilots on the coast." A Svsc POKE AT HIS Lonnsinr-.-Earl Bussell, in company with the Earl and Countess of Bessborough, was present last week at the annual sale of cattle at BcBsborough Park. The auctioneer was expatiating on the merits of a fine bull, which he kept assuring the farmers had a cross of the Durham on him. A ruddy faced farmer, at the end of the ring farthest from the Earl, removing his driven from his mouth, and spitting out quickly, asked in a loud voice his eyes twinkling with monument, "HOB ho a touch of the Durham letter, Mr. Ganly?" The effect of this simple question was remarkable. Some of the gentry looked horrified, others turned aside and laughed, and some farmers venomously his Rod. As for Lord Russell, he seemed overwhelmed with rage and confusion. Almost immediately the distinguished party drove away, and when they were out of hearing the crowd indulged in a hearty laugh. -'Waterford Citizen. PEBUS OF A NEwsrAMB OonnBaroNDBtiT. The correspondent of the New York Herald narrates the events which befel him in following the career of Maximilian. " Tho instruc- tions," he says, which carried the present writer into the camp of the Imperial army were brief and to the point-' Follow Max., and write regularly and fully Ed. N. Y. Herald. To follow Max. from Orizaba and Puebla, when he had determined to continue the struggle, was an easy task, and had already been accomplished before the telegram was received. To follow him from Puebla to the capital, and thence to Queretaro, was a more difficult matter, and, among other inconveniences, involved the person undertaking it in the following little , perplexities Bobbed to the skin, two ; showed light, and did not got robbed, two captured by Liberals, one; captured by Imperialists, one 1 days under fire, 12; struck by spent bullets, two; slightly wounded by shells, once; lived on horse, mule, and dog flesh for days, 36 ; travelled on horseback, stage, and notebook, leagues, 450." Arrived in Queretaro two days before the advent of Maximilian, the Herald's representative incurred a strong risk of being promptly strung up as a Yankee spy. three days previously he had seen Marquoz manifest an earnest inclination to hand a couple of American travellers he had encountered on the march from Mexico to*Quorotoro, because they happened to possess posies from Escobodo and draughts on the capital-an inclination only restrained by the active intervention of the Emperor Maximilian. - In Queretaro, before the advent of the Imperial forces, Miramon was omnipotent, and Miramon, more polished and educated than Marquoz, was even more virulent and dangerous in his hatred dread of foreigners. The arrival of the Emperor alone relieved him of peril. I SYMPATHY wiTh GABIBAMII.-Biooiotti Ga. ribald attended a meeting at St. James's Hall, London, presided over by Mr. Edmund Boslss, held to express sympathy with Garibaldi. After alluding to the assistance given by Englishmen in attaining Italian independence, Senor Garibaldi went on to say : " In past days my father gave to King Victor Emmanuel the title of H Eo Galantuomo.' I don't know what my father thinks now, but I know that ever Italian thinks that my father made a mistake. I need say no more. I am not accustomed to public speaking. I have not such a command of the English language as would enable me to go on. I once again thank you for what you have done. You have raised my native land from the depths of degradation in which she was sunk ; you have done a great thing than that you have begun the work you are carrying on at present-the work called the brotherhood of nations. It is the proudest moment of my life that you have entrusted me with this address to give to my father.' I know how he must fool. He has looked on the possession of Boree as the crown- ing victory ; he has been sent to prison by men whom he has trusted ¡ but nothing, I am sure, will give him more heartfelt pleasUre than to receive the address of sympathy you have entrusted me with." Mr. Heales then called upon the meeting to testify by three hearty cheers their gratitude to Mrs. Colonel Chambers for all the services she had rendered to General Garibaldi. Three enthusiastic cheers were accordingly given. RUSSIAN iNMtiatni IN INA. The Calcutta correspondent of the Times believes that affairs are very serious in Central Asia. " All our in- formation," he says, " whether through native or official channels, tends to this-that there is a close understanding between Russia and Persia; that Russia will assist Shere Ali to recover the throne of Cabul and that Persia will probably got Herat as the price of her assistance Our policy in Cabul has been to recognise only de facto rulers, and so we have alienated oil. The Maharajah of Cashmore, our subject, though bound by treaty to make no conquests, is intriguing also, and is said-but of this I have no authentic intelligence to have sent a force against Oashgar. Bokhara is now a virtual feudatory of the Czar, and there is nothing strong between the Oxus, to which his power extends, and Peshawur. Those facts, greatly exaggerated by native rumor, are the talk of Hindostan, in every court and bazaar. Russia's persistent advance, in spite of GortaohokafF'a circular, is interpreted here as might be expected. Meanwhile, Sir John Lawrence sits serene in the clouds at Simla, not ignorant or indifferent, as is said, but fully acquainted with every move, and yet passive Wliofc Lord Cranborne said of his Excellency in reference to the Orissa famine is also true of his foreign policy. Alone, free from advice, and cheek and counter check, he would bowhathowils when Chief Commissioner of the Punjaub. But now the Viceroy has been reduced to the position of the Secretary of State's clerk, as our Indian Empire will one day find to its loss. He is tied to the always antiquated and generally ignorant India house 8000 miles oil", by the telegraph wire." ON Monday, October 21, the Lord Mayor (Sir Thomas Gabriel), accompanied by the whole of the Committee of the Court of Common Council for Public Improvement, of which Mr. Deputy Fry is chairman, assembled at Guildhall, and went thence to make an official inspection of the extensive works which are now being carried out for bridging over Holborn valley and forming several lateral streets for the accommodation of the traffic. TIIOBO works are estimated to cost about £1,500,000, but of that sum the corporation expect to recoup themselves to the amount of from £600,000 to £(500,000 or £700,000 by the sale of land for building pur- posies on either side of the now thoroughfare, and of the radiating Streets which are being formed in connection with it. For the purposes of this great public improvement, most of the houses and shops on the south side of Skinner street, Snow-hill, extending from the Old Bailey to Farringdon-street, and thence to the summit of Holborn-hill, have been taken down, while those on the northern side of throughout the whole of that distance, are condemned to demolition, and the corporation has had, and will still have, to pay enormous sums by way of compensation to the owners and occupiers. The works, of which this is a brief description, are being pushed forward with great energy, and in little more than a year hence the ordinary street traffic will be conveyed along the viaduct now in course of erection, though the whole improvement in all its parts can hardly be completed in less than two years from this time. MIHTABY RIOTS AT LiMHMCK.-It appears that the 74th regiment (Highlanders) are on bad terms with the populace of Limerick. The ill blood arose through a youth, named Meehan, being sent to prison for assaulting two soldiers. A party of about twenty-five of the 74th, without any provocation, rushed out of the Castle Barracks, some of them carrying their bayonets, and others with the iron logs of their stretcher beds concealed under their watch-coats, and attacked several persons in the street, Next morning two soldiers who were out were attacked by the crowd. The soldiers ran up Patrick street, and seeing that a detachment of their regiment was under the command of an officer proceeding to the Presbyterian Meeting house at Bnko place, they ran towards them and shouted for assistance. The roar men of the detachment turned round, draw their bayonets, broke from the ranks, and rushed down Patrick street into Bull and street, and some into Den mark street, the people flying before them, and it was with great difficulty the men were got back to their ranks, and marched back to barracks instead of to meeting. WHEN Professor Aytoun was making proposals of marriage to his first wife, a daughter of the celebrated Professor Wilson, the lady reminded him that it would be necessary to ask the approval of her size, "Certainly," said Aytoun; "hut as I am a little diffident in speaking to him on this subject, you must just go and tell him my proposals yourself." The lady proceeded to the library, and taking her father affectionately by the hand, mentioned that Professor Aytoun had asked her to become his wife. She added, " Shall I accept his offer, papa? He says he is too diffident to name the Buojoot to you himself." "Then, said old Christopher, I had better write my reply and pin it to your back." He did so, and the lady returned to the drawing-room. There the anxious Biiitor road the answer to his message, which was in those words,-" With the author's compliments " RED BEET AS A VEGETABLE AND ASHORE. A correspondent writes to the Maitland Mercury :-" Having eaten large quantities of the rod boot, in tho shape of both vegetable and pickle, and considering the latter a much more diges- two pickle than many other sorts, perhaps the two following modes of preparation, it not generally known, might be useful to some of your readers 24. As a Vegetable Wash a couple of roots, but do not scrape; boil till done, and then remove the skin and out into slices ; place in a vegetable dish, and pour vinegar on the warm boot. 2. As a pickle Peel the roots very thinly ; out into slices ; spread on a linen cloth for three or four days, in the sun if possible. (This was in the climate of England, perhaps less to 'be required here). Put in saucepan along with the spices, and pour vinegar on till covered ; place on a slow fire, and simmer for twenty minutes or half-an-hour until slices begin to got softish ; then put into large jar; should the vinegar have diminished, boU a liSRo and pour over slices. For four large roots, 1 ounce of whole pepper, 1 ounce of cloves, 1 ounce of ginger, and 1 ounce of red pepper vinegar sufficient to cover slices." INSECT PESTBOVBE.-The most cleanly and effective of insect destroyers is quassia water, made by boiling four ounces of quassia chips in a gallon of soft water for ten minutes, and add-, ing to it while hot four ounces of soft soap. This applied with a brush, will kill all the aphis family, and when syringed on the plants it kills all it touches. For syringing there should only be two ounces of soft soap to the gallon of water. Cottage Gardener. BITBY your troubles, but don't linger around the grave-yard conjuring up their ghosts to haunt you. 