NORTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB ANNUAL MEET. (ïBOM OTJB SPEOIAIi BEPOBTBB.) THIBD DAY. STEWABDS ¡-G. Fairclotli, Esq., J.P. ; R. Little, Esq. ¡ E. M. Royds, Esq. ; Hon. J. P. Bell, and P. Cardow, Esq. Judge : J. Watts, Esq. Starter : Hon. J. P. Boll. Clerk of the Courso : Mr. H. Campbell. Ono of the most successful moots over got up under tho auspices of the North Australian Jookoy Club was concluded yesterday. The. weathor kaB been delightfully pleasant, oapo oially on the two first days of tho meet, and although a smart showor of rain fell yesterday afternoon, it was not sufficient to causo more than a little temporary ineonvonionce, and servod to lay the dust. It is with pleasure that wo record the success that has attended tho sports of our Athonian friends, for tho people of Ips- wich entirely deserve tho pre-ominenoo they hold in the sporting circle of Queensland, for the iiborality with which thoy support their dub. It is truo that the prizes havo not been quite'so largo as on Borne previous oocasions, but tho exceedingly depressed stato of affairs through- out tho colony for tho last six or eight montliB is Bufftoiont to account for any falling off in this respect. The fast that at suoh a time, suoh valuable inducements have boon held out to owners of horses to enter for the different events, is conclusive proof of the great iutorost and pride that the Athenians toko in tho success of thoir races. Residents in the metropolis would do well to follow so good an example and not allon for the futuro a coramittoo, backed by a fow staunoh sport ing mon, to havo, not only all the trouble, but also all the expense of getting up a raoo meet. It is quite true, that tho Queensland Turf Club has been hitherto successful, and that it has considerably improved since its establishment, but it must bo recolleotod that had the efforts of the stewards and of tho managing committee bean adequately supported by the publio much greater results might havo boen aohioved, and the metropolis might not havo boon compelled to, rest satisfied with a position of seoondary importanoo, ovon in sporting affairs. It is to bo regretted that tho liberality of the North Australian Jookoy Club did not moot with a bettor responso from the owners of horses, for it must bo ovidont that tho object of giving such vnhmblo prizes was to attract largo fields of good roce-horsos to contend for them. This object has not beon attained, for in several of the prinoipol events the fields were propos* terouBly small in comparison with the value of the prizoo. However, although this WOB a serious drawback, and one whioh wo hope will not oconr, again, yet the raoing on the wholo, and especially on tho first day, was good. Tho attendance was not so large yesterday as was expected on the third day, but the impecunious position in which most residents in Queensland are placod at present will oocount for this,' for, as evoryono knows, even a racojourso is a dull place without one has a fow shillings at least in one's pooket. His Excollonoy the Govomor, attended by Captain Creagh and Mr. Lorn* prière, was present most of the day, and it ÍB satisfactory to state that tho number of lady visitors, though not by any means as large as could be, desired, was considerably in excess of tho previous days. The caterers for the omusomont of the publie wore extromely busy yesterday, and the majority of thom appeared to drive a brisk trade, muoh to their own satisfaction no doubt, but whothor the same can be said with rospoct to their vic- tims is quite another question. The raoing offi- cials hadaharddayyestorday,from the secretary, whoeo ordinary dutios woro increased by the numbor of post entrance races, to the clerk of the courso, who found somo difficulty in keeping the running ground freo of obBtruotion in con sequenoe of tho anxiety evinced by several ex- cited horsemen to show off their equestrian capabilities, and to test the speed of thoir hacks before an amused, if not admiring orowd. Everything went off very satisfactorily, and no disputes of any kind OÍOSO. For our own part, wo desire to acknowledge tho courtesy ovincod to the representativos of the [metropolitan press by all tho gentlemen, oonueoted with the dub, for wo wero afforded every opportunity of gotting the most reliable information. The racing, though better than that of tho previous day, did not como up to Tuesdays. The ball was opened at 12 o'clock by tho Corinthian Stakes, for which six horses were entorod, five of whom carno to the post. Seclu- sion ona Shamrock were tho favorites, but the roan colt was the most fancied. The lot were despatched to a splendid start by Mr. Cardow, who officiated as starter for this race, and Jib boom soon lead the van. From the appearanco of the horse in the saddling paddock, he was put down as a scrubber, and consequently tho riders of the other horsos thinking thoy would have no difficulty in overhauling him after ho had had his gallop, allowed him to assume o strong lead, which he managed to keep through- out the race. Seclusion, who came in two lengths behind the winner, was 'forced to eon tent himself with second money. Shamrook appeared to be in fine condition, but his trainor assorts that he is too fat inside. Thore must bo something wrong with him, for ho has not once throughout tho meet answerod the expec- tations of those who supported him. Tho noxt event on the cards, the North Australian Plate, was a gift to Nonsuch, and every one appeared pleased at the success of Flannery, who has done far better at Ipswich than he did at Brisbane. The race may be described in a few words. Nonsuch went to the front as Boon as the flag was lowered, was never caught, and won pretty well as he liked. He WOB not pushed throughout the race, except when coming up the hill for the third time, when the mare tried very hard to get in front. Soon after passing the stand for the second time Proserpine attempted to secure the inside running, but was cleverly " blocked" by Driscoll, who rode the favorite, and who has evidently not served his apprentiooship on the turf without "knowing a thing or two. Thero was a very close struggle up the straight between Volunteer and Proser- pine for second place, and the former seemed likely to win, but when within a stride from home the mare jumped to the front and secured for her owner some little compensation. Only three horses started for the Hack Stakes, whioh were seoured by Wonderful. Through a mis- take of his jockey, who fancied that if ho passed the long distance post he was safe, Barney, who was looked upon as likely to win, was distanced. Jock Hinton ran very well, bat the other horse hod the best of him. When the time had arrived for the decision of the fourth race-the Queensland Handicap-only throe horsoB out of tho four horses entered, faced the starter, as Premier and Bedeena were drawn. Neither Forrester or Orlando had the ghost of a chance against Mr. Pring's splendid colt, who again proved that few if any of the other horses in the colony could either equal or excel him. The old horse was cleverly ridden by Driscoll, who evi- dently made the most of him; but, though he ran very gamely, tho colt was more than a match for him. He, however,.ob- tained the second prizo-a sweepstakes of Beven SOTS, from each horse for his owner. The Consolation Handicap, for all horses beaten during the meeting, brought out a field of three, and of these Chancellor was at once pronounced the winner, for neither Chance nor Grey Wal- laby, thongh aged horses, could give him weight. Allowing the other horses to lead round the oourae, Ruddle kept the favorite well in hand until he reached the hill, when a sudden rush carried him to the front, after which tho raoo was his own. The last event on the card, was the Forced Handicap, for all winners during the meeting, but when the weights were declared, only four horses accepted. Premier was the favorite, although'he carried top weight, and the result of the race showed that his backers' confidence was not misplaced. A Hurry Scurry, which was won by Mr. Duncan's Cash box, who was ridden by Davis, the jockey, whose collar blado'was'broken at tho Metro- politan meet, brought the day's sports to an end, and con- clnded the annual meet. Subjoined is a detailed account of the run- ning s- ' FIBST BAOB. The CoBiNTniAN STAKES of 50 BOVB., with a Sweopstake of 3 ( so vs." each for tho second horse ; for all horses whioh have not won up'to the time of starting a prize of the value of 100 sovs. ; 2 milos ; carrying welter weight for ago. To he ridden by members of any of the Jookey or Turf Clubs in tho oolony-of Queensland. Entrance, 5 guineas. Mr. A. NÍCOU'B O g. Jibboom, aged, list. 41bs. . (Mr. Smythe) Hon. J. P. Bell's r.g. Seclusion, 4 years, lOst. 21bs. (Mr. Persse) Mr. J. Nolan's blk. g. Whalebono, 6 years, list. 41bs. (Mr. Wilson) Mr. R. Little's o.g. Shamrook, 6 voars, list. 41bs. ... ., ... (Mr. Bowman) Mr. H. Missing's b.g. Greyhound, aged, list. .tibs. (Owner) 0 Mr. W. Duncan's blk.g. Surplioo.dr. BETTING.-Soolusion was the favorite ; 3 to to 1 against Shamrook ; 6 to 4 against Jibboom. A splendid start; was effected without any difUoulty, but after,a few strides the lot scattered, Jibboom going to tho front, haviug for his im- mediate attendants Seclusion and Greyhound, Shamrock brought up the rear, hard hold. Jib boom forced the pace all round the course, and obtained a strong lead, whioh ho kopt without much difficulty. At the baok of the course, Greyhound deprived the favorito of the second position, and at tho hill Soolusion fell still farther behind, Tho grand stand was passed in the following ¡order- Jibboom loading at a slashing pace, Groyhouad socond, and Seclusion third, Whalebone and Shamrock behind, but coming up fast. The 'pace now booamo very hot, for tho ridors had seen the mistake they made in allowing Jibboom to toko suoh a strong load, and they endeavored to oollar him, but the old horso showed that he oould hold his own, and though the favorite mado a desperate effort to justify the expectations his appearance and previous raoing had caused, he could not quite oateh the loading horse, who won easily by about two longtbs. Coming up the hill for the second time, Greyhound showod signs of dis- tress, and after a short time disappeared in the rear, and made way for Whalebone and. Sham- rock, who had a sharp raoo up tho straight for the barron honor of third place, whioh tho for- mer managed to secure. SECOND RACE. Tho NORTH AUSTBAMAN PIAXB of 150 sovs., with a sweepstake of 5 sovs. each added ; for oil horsos ; sooond horso to roeoive 25 sovs. from the « prize ; 3 milos ; weight for ago. Entrance, 1\ guineas. Tho winner to bo sold for £250 if demanded within fifteen minutes after tbo raoo. > Mr. L. Elannory'B b.g. Nonsuoh, aged, 9st. lllbs.(Driscoll) Mr. W. Thompson's o.m. Prosorpino, 6 years, 9st. 111b.(Dowling) Mr. B. Powell's o.g. Volunteer, ogod, 9st. lllbB. .. ..: ...' . BETTING-Nonsuch was booked against tho field. When tho signal was givon the lot started off in tho oasiest of canters, but, after a few Btridos, tho favorite assumed tho load, whioh ho increased at MB leisure until about a dozon lengths separated him from Proserpine, who was second. Tho horsos ran in this ordor round tho course, but on coming up tho hill for tho socond time, tho mare and Voluntoor gained on the favorite, and the lot passod the stand pretty woll togother, Nonsuoh leading by about a longth and a.half, Prosorpino second, and Volunteer third. The third mile was traversed at a good pace, hut though both horsoB did their best to overhaul the favorito, neither succeeded in coming along- side him, and ho passod the winning post a length and a-lialf a-head. Thoro was a closo race up the straight for Bocond monoy botweon Volunteer and Proserpine, but at the last stride the Ipswich obosnut cloverly shot a-head, and won second placo by half a length. Time, 6 min. and'86 sec. Tho winner was not claimed within tho stipulated time. <. < ' THIRD RACE. The HACK STAKES of 25 sovs., for all un- trained horsos, with a Sweepstakes of 2 sovs. eaoh for tho second horse ; milo heats ; weight for age. The winner to bo'sold by auction immediately after the raco for £30 ; any surplus to go to tho Raco Fund. PoBt ontranco,"2fc guineas. Mr. MoFoddon's b.g. Wonderful, aged . (Powell) 1 1 Mr. J. P. Jost'e g.g. Jack Hinton, aged ?.(Tyrol.) 2 2 Mr. W. Ruddle's c.g. Barney, aged (McCabe) dis. 0 Mr. Ii. Flonnery's blk.g. Contipodo was en- tered, but as it seemed likely ho would bo pro- tested against, he was drawn. Thore was not much hotting on this race, but if anything Barney was the most fancied. After one false attempt, the trio wero sont away on pretty fair terms. Jock Hinton was the first to show in front, and ho out out the running at a good pace ; Wonderful was a good second, but Barney was right behind and ap- peared to be resorving himself for tho next heat. At tho hill tho bay horse carno up and deprived tho grey of the load, and after a sharp struggle landed his colors a length in advance of Jaok Hinton. Barney was distanced. SECOND HEAT.-Wonderful was the favorite. Jack Hinton was the first away, ond kopt the lead all round tho courso up to the hill ; when there, however, the bay horso put on 41 spurt and came to the front, which position ho kept paBt the winning post. , ; Tho winner was put up for Bale immediately after the race, but was bought in at the upset price-viz., £30. FOURTH RACE. The QUEENSLAND HANDICAP SWEEPSTAKES of 7 sovB. each, with 150 sovs. added ; for all horses ; to be handicapped by the stewards or whom they may appoint ; li milo. The ownor of the second horso to receive 25 sovs. from the prize. Entrance, 7b guineas. Hon. R. Pring's b.c. North Australian, 3 years, 1 st. (Bennett) 1 Mr. J. P. Jost's g.g. Forrester, aged, Oat. lib. (Driscoll) 2 Mr. H. Thorn's g.g. Orlando, 4 years, 8st. 21bB. (Tyrell) dis. Mr. W. Ruddle's Premier and Mr. J. Fletcher's Bedeona were drawn. BETTINO.-North Australian was backed at odds against the Cold. - Immediately the starter lowered the flag, Or- lando rushed to the front, and kept the lead for a short timo, olosely waited on by the favorite. North Australian passed the grand Btand about a bead in advance of Orlando, but in a very few strides took a clear lead. The old grey came up at the first quarter mile post, and, displacing his youthful anta- gonist, scoured the second plaoo. He then drew up to within a length of the favorite, and put him on his metal for about a quarter' of a mile, but on coming up tho hill it became ovi> dont, that in spite of the exertions of Driscoll, who made the moBt of his horse, Forrestei£had no chance against the champion, who increased his lead up tho straight, and won as he liked. Orlando, who for once did not bolt off the course, was distanced by way of a change. FIBTH RACE. The CONSOLATION HANDICAP of 25 sovs., for all horses beaten during the meeting ; to be handicapped by the stewards or whom they may appoint ; 1 mile, one event. PoBt Entrance, 2i guineas. Mr. W. Ruddle's g.c. Chancellor, 3 years, 8st. 71bs. (Owner) 1 Mr. P. Powell's b.g. Chance, aged. 8st. 121bs. ., (Tyrrell) 2 Mr. J. Nolan's g.g. Grey Wallaby, aged, 8st. . 121bs.3 BETTING.-Chancellor was backed against the field. Chancellor went to the front immediately the flag fell, and made play at a strong pace, fol- lowed by Grey Wallaby, who assumed the lead at the back of the course. As they neared the hill, the favorite, who had been from the start considerably in the rear, improved his position, and at the top of the rise challenged the leading horse, and after a few strides the grey fell be- hind. The race for first place was then vir- tually decided, for Chancellor came in an easy winner by a length. A close struggle for second place resulted m the bay horse landing his colors about two lengths in advance of Grey Wallaby. SIXTH RACE. Tho' FOBCF.D HANDICAP of 5 sovs. each, with 20 sovs. added ; for all winnors during tho mooting ; winners of the Hack and Con- solation Handicap optional ; losers admitted on paymont of the Swoop. To bo handicapped by the Sto wards or any person thoy may appoint. 1 mile and a distance. The winner to pay 10 guineas to the Raco Fund ; second horso to save his stake. Mr. W. Ruddle's c.g. Premier, aged, 10st. 10lbs. (M'Cabe) 1 Mr. J. P. Jost'B g.g. Forrostor, agod, 8st. ïlbs.(Cave) 2 Mr. W. Duncan's br.g. Rearguard, 6 years, 8st.71bs.(Tyrrel) 3 Mr. J. M'Fadden's b.h, Orooper, aged, 8st. i (Davis) 4 Tho following horsos did not start :-North Australian, 9st. ; Volunteer, 8st. 51b. ; Blair Athol, 8st. 51bs. ; Jibboom, 8sfc. ; Nonsuoh, Sat. Slbs. Kildare, Fusiloer, and Seclusion woro not handicapped, as thoir owners did not intend them to run. BnniNG/.-2 to 1 agaiust Forrester ; 5 to 4 against Rearguard ; oron on Premier, The starter was suocossful ia despatching tho quartette at the first attompt to an excellent start, and they kept woll togothor for somo dis- tance but on passing tho grand stand Rear- guard hold a slight load, Forrester and Crcopor socond, and Premier last.' Theso positions wero not much varied until tho .baik of tho courso was roaohed, whon Oroopor disputed tho su- premacy of tho brown horso and deprived him of the lead. Coming up the hill Premier gained ou his horsos, and passod thom by a sud- den rush, whioh ' enabled him to scouro the judgo's decision in his favor. Forrester came in about a length and a-half behind the winning horse, and a similar dittanco separated him from Roarguard, Creeper was fourth. í A HUBBY Bovanr, for whioh six horsos started, was won by Mr. Duncan's Cashbox, Little Dorrit seooud. This ooncluded tho annual moot of tho North Australian Jookoy Club. ; JUDGING from tho following obstroot from the Toowoomba Chronicle thero aro somo precious scoundrels hanging about the " City of Swamps." Wo aro informed that on Tuesday evening last, betweon ton and oleven o'olook, as two horsemen wero coming across tho Premier Bridge towards Ruthvon-stroot, they w( suddenly stopped in their progress by a ropo «trotohed across the thoroughfare. One of the mon was thrown off tho animal he was riding, and the other was unseated, but managed to hold on sufficiently to slip off on ono Bido without being thrown to the ground. Fortu- nately the horsos wero only walking, and the only damage dono was a slight injury to tho shouldor of tho man who was thrown. Had thoy boen going at a quiok paoo thore can bo little doubt that eorious couBoquoncoB would havo re- sulted from tho obstruction. On Wodnosdoy evening, about 8 o'olook, a young womau was passing down Rutlivcn- stroet, on tho cost side, eloso to the wntor-courso, and when botwoon Mr. Scowen's, butohor's shop and tho storos re- cently ocoupiod by tho Misses Bennett, she felt something touch hor instep, and thought it was a dog, but tho noxt ,stop provod it to bo a ropo drawn across tho footpath. Sho managod to savo herself from falling. It was a dark night, but sho noticed a man on tho other Bido of tho path, standing against tho fonoo. Ho appeared to bo of medium size, and had ou a dark coat, and light dirty pair of trousors. Thore can bo scarcely a doubt that robbery was tho objoot contemplated by the persona who sot those traps. THE Toowoomba Chronicle says :-" As two mon iu Michael Irwin's omploy were crossing a paddock botweou Wost-stroefc and thoir em- ployer's houso on thoir way home about eight o'olook on Eriday ovoning last, thoy wero fol- lowed by threo mon, and one of thom was attacked with a knife whioh carne near doing serious injury-his bolt and the broaBt of his shirt being out opon by the thrust, luokily with- out roaohing tho body." 