JOHN GRIERSONS REPENTANCE. Only that one cabin in sight in all the green, level prairie. No foot came there— only God's winds and rains found it out, and the sunshine that forsakes no heart until the grave covers it. Alone John Grierson had hewed out the logs of which it was made, and shaped the lonely dwelling; and there, face to face with his own soul, he hid him self away, and almost believed that neither God nor man could find him. At first he had only thought of safety. He had been ready to welcome solitude. But wheu whole year went by, and save in bis sbort j secret journeys to the nearest market-town j he saw no one, he began to feel a growing, unutterable horror of the very isolation he | had sought; and it seemed to him as if some mysterious influence interfered to turn away the steps of travellers from his dwelling, j Every day, and all the day, only his own j shuddering soul for company, until slowly j he began to feel that God had found him, and to grow conscious of a shadowy, accusing Presence, grand and awfuL It was in early summer that he felt it first—vaguely and. at intervals in the be ginning, but soon constantly, and with a shud dering, nervous horror that never left him. He went out into the wide expanse of prairie ! —with the blue, awful sky above him, and the level land, which no house dotted, stretch ing far and away—and it seemed to him the Presence filled the infinite space around him fulL From the still sky a voice called down ward, " Where is thy brother ?" until he fled swiftly, and shut himself again into his lonely cabin, barring the door tight. And here, in his silent room, the Presence brooded still, and at night or day the voice was never silent. His loneliness grew insupportable. He was ready at last to suffer any penalty, hear any doom, if only he could flee from the un seen terror of his solitude. He made up bis mind deliberately. Not once had the foot of another human being crossed his threshold. Lynx-eyed justice would never find him here. Sere from, all human vengeance lie was safe j and to go borne was to face death. He knew where he had left the body of a murdered •»nnr>; still and ghastly in tlie moonlight. The place drew him back with an awful fascina tion. He must go there yet once more, and then he would deliver himself up to justice. If in the grave he could escape that Presence, he would be content to die. When he had made up his mind, he hurried off with feverish eagerness. He shut the door of his lonely cabin—the shelter where man could not find him ; hut where solitude had been his judge and the executioner of his sentence. He travelled night and day; and at last he stood, at ahigh noon of summer, in that spot where he had left his brother lying in the moonlight, with the awful whiteness on his still brow. He half expected to find there even now that upturned, re proachful face. Instead soft green mosses carpeted the spot; green-tree houghs, through which the sunlight sifted, hung over it. It looked so strangely peaceful that the very stillness shook him with his old vague terror; and even here he felt the Presence from which he thought he had escaped, and heard the voice calling downward from the sky, " Where is thy brother ?" and an echo, slow, wailing, unutterably sad, sighed the question again through all the tree houghs. Fast as his trembling limbs would carry him, he turned and fled—but not this time into any wilderness. He walked through familiar ways, never pausing to note any well-known scene, or watch any of the splen did tokens of summer along the highway. He hurried on until he stood before the door of the magistrate to whom his confession to to be made. And here, with his hau l upon the knocker, his heart began to fail him. Even yet he thought he might go away and be safe. He saw, as in a vision, his lonely cabin standing in the midst of tall, rank grass, and millions of gaudy flowers, the affluent vegetation of the prairie. For a moment he was tempted to go hack ; but the ghosts, as it seemed, of his still days there rose before him—tlie white frozen winter, with not a sound save howling wind, or driving storm, or the cry of some desolate bird or boast—the summer when the stillness seemed yet more terrible, and the Presence had overshadowed him. No, he might suffer anything else, but he could not go hack into that prison, where nothing human had hsen his gaoler. He raised the knocker and used it resolutely, and the man he sought came himself to the door. A light of neighbourly recognition gleamed in the magistrate's eyes, and with extended hand, and surprised yet cordial air, he cried, cheerily— "That you, Grierson? Come back, eh, as suddenly and mysteriously as you went away ?" John Griersou did not answer the cordial greeting, or pay any heed to the extended hand. His only overpowering thought was how to lay down his burden—how to ease his tortured, remorseful heart—how to escape the Presence that pursued him. He said, hoarsely— " I killed a man, and I am come to deliver myself up to justice. I am the murderer of my brother, James Grierson." Squire Granger's face grew pale. He thought that he was talking with an escaped mailman ; and began to consider what he should do for self-protection. He stepped a little farther hack, and said, soothingly— "James Grierson is alive and welL You hail better go home and see l»im You em't be arrested, you know, for a crime that never was committed," and then he was going to shut the door. Grierson, too quick for him, wrenched it out of his hand, and stood face to face with him in the passage. " Squire Granger," he said, with a steady earnestness which compelled reply, "is it true that my brother, James Grierson, whom I left for dead, is alive aud well ?" " He was this morning." A sudden resolution gave force to Grierson's manner. "You were my father's friend," he said, " and you have known me all your life. You must listen to my confession." i Silently Squire Granger opened the door of a room at his right hand, and motioned into it his strange guest. And there, in that quiet room, John Grierson told his story. After his father died, he and his brother had lived together, pleasantly enough, on the old place. They had even been fonder of each other, perhaps, than the majority of brothers, until Olive Lansing crossed their track; and they both loved her. She was a coquettish creature, with her dark bewilder ing eyes, her syren voice, and her piquant manner. If she preferred either of them, she let neither know it; and they both went on loving her more and more, and growing to hate each other. One night they met in the wood. By some strange fatality, John, with his gun on his shoulder, was coming back from a day's hunting, just as James was going gaily home from a visit to her, with a rose she had given him in his button-hole. It was a peculiar rose, which bloomed nowhere else in town save on the bush that stood in her sitting-room window. John recognised it at once, and was stung almost to madness by that sight and his brother's gay air of satisfaction. There were a few wild words—passionate and un brotherly on both sides—and then John Grierson, always hot-tempered and impulsive, struck his brother an awful blow with the stock of his gun, which felled liim to the earth. " 1 Jstood over him," he said, in a hoarse, husky whisper, "and I saw him lying there, his face white and awful in the moonlight. I put my hand on his heart and felt no throb. I had no thought but that he was dead. I went home and took all the money I could find in the house and fled. I never meant to come back again, hut my solitude grew too terrible. For all this time I have believed myself to be a murderer, nor can I see now that my guilt is any less." " Strange, strange," Squire Granger mur mured. "No oue ever knew of this. I remember now that your brother was ill and confined to his room for awhile after you went aw.iv• lint bo ....a ai..a ', J went away; but he gave out that it was owing to a heavy fall lie got in going through tlie wooils. He lias kept your secret well. 1 will be equally faithful to it, were it ouly for the sake of your dead father. I think , you've learned a lesson you won't have to learn over again ■ you may be a better man for it all your life through. I advise you to make your peace with your brother, and settle down here among your old friends and kin dred." John Grierson bowed his head upon bis hands, and his voice shook as he answered— " I could not make my peace with James. He has been noble enough to keep my secret, for the sake of the old name we both bear ; but it never would be possible for him to forgive me, or forget that I had tried to mur der hiin. This old town where the Grier sons have lived so many years, good men and true, is no place for me. I will stay to-night in the inn yonder, and go away in the morn ing, out of sight and out of mind. You have been kind, Squire Granger, and I thank you for it, in my father's name and my own." John Grierson was glad that the boy who met him at the inn door was a stranger—glad I to be shown to his room an-1 hide himself | away. He wanted no supper; he only wanted to think. So after all the stain of blood-guiltiness was not upon his hands ; but could any waters ever wash his heart clean? He had thought that his confession once made he should be at rest; but still the Pre sence haunted him, and still a voice seemed ] to urge him, against his will, to go to his brother. At last he could bear it no longer. He got I up and went downstairs and out into the still J evening. No moon shone, only the stars looked down from the deep blue sky of the : summer night. The air was heavy with I odorous dew, and no breeze stirred it; no sound but his own steps broke the stillness. On he went over the familiar ways. He had not said to himself that he would go in, only that he must see the old place once more, j He pushed open the gate softly, and went up the well-known walk. The curtains had not been put down, and he saw his brother sitting there at the table, reading, and all alone. She was not there, Irindlmg the place with her dark eyes, her beguiling smile, her fatal beauty. He bad not dared to ask Squire Granger whether they were married; but, at least, here was James, and alone. He opened, with trembling lingers, the old, hospitable, never-Jastened door. He went in, and bis brother heard his footsteps, and rose to his feet as he entered. John Grierson looked into the face he had seen last so white, so awfully still in the moonlight—the face from the sight of which he had never been able to get away—and dared not speak. When be entered tbe door he had meant to utter a prayer for pardon so full of passionate pleading that notjeven the man he had tried to murder could refuse to hear it; and instead he stood there dumb. Perhaps no words could have been more prevailing tban just tbe sigbt of big silent shame. James Grierson understood all that the sealed lips could not utter. He only said three words ; but tbose three were enough.— " Brother, toelcoine home'* John fell upon his knees before him and lifted, up piteous hands. " Until to-day I thought I had killed you, and came back to die for it. 1 was ready to give up my life in expiation. You are alive, but my guilt is just the same. What can I do to expiate it,now? By what sacrifice can I win your forgiveness ?" " You had it, John, from the very first. I knew what you had done was but the act of a momentary madness, for which your suffering would be incomparably deeper than mine. I might have done the same had I not been by nature.cooler- headed than you. I have kept your secret; and all the time I have held you as my brother, nearer to me than any one else in the world. I have felt always that you would come home some day, and we should live together again in peace." "And Olive?" A power beyond John Grierson's resistance seemed to force that name from his lips. " She never was worth a sharp word or a hard thought from either of us to the other, John. She is married now; and she was pledged to the man before ever sbe came here, and used all her artful wiles to beguile us of our hearts. Let the old past with which she had to do rest in its grave, and remember only that you and I are brothers." But still John Grierson could not answer his brother's smile. A torturing suffocating sense of nnworthiness choked him. " How dare I ask your forgiveness," he cried, "or be happy in your love? My crime was just as real as if God's mercy had. not turned its consequences away. Before Heaven I am condemned—what right have I to go forth a free man among my fellows?" His brother answered with solemn tender ness— "Because Christ's love shall make yon free indeed—because the Father pities us, and is ready to save even unto the uttermost; more ready to forgive than we to ask—patient with our infirmities—waiting always to give us his blessing." And once more the Presence seemed to John Grierson to fill all the room; but no longer a Presence of accusing and upbraid ing. He felt himself drawing near to a great heart of love, and was content with all his sin, all his sorrow, just as he was, to lay his burden down and rest on that love for ever 