MR. PICK, THE GOLD MINER. Letter I. MR. PICE. OPBNB HIS SUBJECT. I am the holder of a miner's right. Well, what can you make out of that ? And yet its a deal, let me tell you. It makes a gentleman of me, gives me at once the genuine stamp of a legitimate tax-payer, and makes me a landed proprietor, and owner of half an acre of ground wherever I may choose to peg it out. Talkof your free selector, why he is nothing compared to the miner, who can go, for ten bob, upon any Crown land, root about for gold and peg out his half acre for residence. There's no fear of his being brought up under the Vagrant Act, for there he is with his occupation, legalised by Government parch merit, and his place of residence given to him aB his own against all comers by Act of Parliament. Its my opinion that we, and not the lawyers, ought to be called gentlemen by Act of Parliament. It don't always follow that because a fellow has a miner's right that he's a miner. I've known it taken as a blind many a time, by chaps who've been on some other game — making gold without the trouble of digging and washing for it. Well you see it knocks the police into a cocked hat, when they pull a fellow up; for he's only got to show his bit of parchment and he is all tight. He is an authorised miner, has a legal residence, and is owner of ha'f an acre block if he likes to peg it out. I ain't one of these sort. I'm a miner — that's the fashionable term now-a-days — though a bit ago, we weren't too proud to be called diggers. I like that name best. It seemB to 6peak out more for a feller, and to say, ' We're hard-working chaps, and ain't afeard of saying so.' I began digging on the Mel bourne side, and I've worked on a'most all the dig gings there. I was kidded over here to the Sydney side by that precious Rocky rush, and since then I've been at all the rushes as ever set in from here. I was victimised at Rockhampton, made a pretty good haul at Kiandra ; dropped into a pretty good claim at Tipperary Gully, after coming to Lambing Flat, got cleared out of every cent I had at the Lachlan, and sunk six duffers at Emu Creek j I didn't go to the Barrier, though I had everything packed up ready for a start, and should feave loaded up old Nugget— that's my horse — on the Tuesday morning, when your paper came up to the Creek, saying it was all a hous, and there was no gold, so I didn't go. And this just puts me in mind of a thing I may as well tell you, the miners always have a go in at your paper. Perhaps its because its best established, and because men don't care about abusing what isn't really firmly fixed. Perhaps its because its come to be considered the thing to abuBe your paper, as every body goes at it in turn, and of course ?we follow suit. — But with all our abuse we don't read any thing else j and what is more, we don't pay atten tion to any thing but what we see in the Herald and Hail, for blow them up as we may, we know that they have always the latest and most reliable informa tion. Well, now, with all my journeying and rushing, you may reckon that I've seen a good piece of Aus tralia, and had a look at most of the diggings in New South Wales. If Ihadn't been pretty tough I couldn't have done half I have dine. I must have caved-in long ago. I fancy I must be a kind of mixture of quartz and ironbark, conglomerated and case hardened, to have gone through all I'vs had to face. I've been floored by dysentery, bunged up by blight, and laid on the broad of my back by colonial fever. I've cricked my back, smashed my leg, dislocated my arm, and broken my ribs. I've been carried two miles down a Hooded river, I've been closed up in a drive by the shaft caving in ; I've been snowed up and frost-bitten ; I've tumbled down a thirty-foot Bhaft ; and me and my five mates fought it out underground in a drive with ten or a dozen Tips, in the dark, with picks, shoveU, and quartz nuggets — and licked 'em too ! I've stood a deal, as well as seen a deal, and if I ain't pretty well maiked and tattooed, it's a caution. Why, there ain't a mark or a scar on me that hasn't got a history to it, and a history that it wouldn't hurt none of my fellow- miners to hear/ as perhaps it might give 'em a wrinkle. Then I don't travel about the country, as many chaps do, with my eyes shut. I look pretty well about me, and, putting this and that together, I fancy I can lay 'em on to a thing or two ; and that's how 1 come to write to you, knowing as how my brother-miners read your paper in preference to any other, and I should like them to see what a fellow has gone through in his time. The closest shave ever I had was that time when I was blocked up in the drive. I was working at the far end — that saved me. Two of my mates were at the bottom of the shaft, drawing out the wash-dirt and Bending it up by the windlass. The man at the windlass saw the earth giving way in the shaft, and called out to them to take care. They bolted into the drive, but they'd no sooner got there than a large patch of the shaft caved in, bringing down with it about ten or a dozen feet of the roof of the drive. My two poor mates were buried under the fall of earth, and had the life crushed out of them before they could so mu:h as groan. At all events I heard no sound from 'em. I heard the rush and the dull thump of the earth as it fell, and thought they hooked on the dirt bucket badly and let it come down smash. So I sung out, ' Now, then ! What the biases are ye up to ? ' I looked round, and the heart came into my mouth, and the hasty words I had used seemed sent back to me in mockery, for they hung about my ears as if unable to get away. There was no gleam of light to be seen, and I held up my candle to see what was the extent of the damage. I saw the earth agitated at one spot. I went towards it, cleared away the dirt, and saw a hand working convulsively. I seized it, and gave a pull, thinking I might perhaps clear the poor chap. Bless you, there were ten or twelve tens of earth a top of him, for immediately after the first fill of earth there was a second and third, that brought down the windlass and stage, and all but filled up the shaft. Of course, I didn't know this, but I began to take stock when I found myself shut up, and the first thing I did was to blow out my candle. I knew I should want every bit of the air in the drive without letting the candle consume any of it. It wasn't very pleasant sitting there in the dark, for I could do ?nothing, but I had to put up with it. The worst of it was that, with those two poor fellows lying there, crushed and dead, within a few feet of me, I couldn't help fancing that I should soon be with 'em. How ever, I plucked up a bit, when I heard 'em at work clearing out the shaft. There was no want of help. A thousand men would have been in and at it if there had been room enough for them to work. They did work, and no mistake, as I was afterwards told — going at it as only a digger can, and relieving each other every quarter of an hour or so. Well, I heard 'em commence at work, and heard 'em go on and go on, until at last it seemed to me they were going off further and further from me, and then I felt a queer kind of feeling, not altogether unpleasant; and then there was a sound like little tinkling bells, and music like that make by harps, and then I sup pose I dropped to sleep or something, for I recollect nothing until I found myself in my teat, ;with my mates as were left, and a long ghost of a doctor standing over me. 'You've had a close *have,' said the doctor, with a grin all over his face, and looking as he wished there'd been no shave at all in the matter, but that he'd had the cutting of me up, and the two guinea fee for the post mortem. ' Wher's Tom and Bill r ' I asked, but I knew precious well in my own mind that it was a settler -with them. ' They're laying out there by the side of the shaft. The Commissioner's going to inquest 'em as soon as you are right.' 'Right!' says I, ' What'6 wrong with me r ' and I tried to jump up, but I staggered like a drunken man when I got to my feet, and should have gone over like a cock if my mates had not laid hold of me. I'd been 6ix hours under ground and was nigh upon smothered. Folks said as they wondered how I'd pulled through, and it's my opinion that I shouldn't have come out of it as I did if I'd have let that candle burn unother minute longer. That's one of my experiences, and 1 11 give you Bcme more of 'em as I go on, besides telling you a bit or two ef what I've seen at different places, and de scribing some of the coves I've met with. Rare rum characters I have come across at times, people of all sorts, miners, squatters, squatters' men and'oflicials, swaginen and bagmen, loaiere, cross coves, and high waymen, I've seen a little of all of 'em, and if I can only keep myself at it, as I mean to do at present, ; though there's no knowing how long I may continue in ; the same humour, I'll Bee if I can't hit out a few lsketcb.es for you, to let the people of Sydney know (what the life of a digger really is, and that it's a deal besides gold that he gets, and that when he makes a 'haul he generally has to pay pretty dear for it. ' Your obedient servant, i PETER PICK. The PnESBYTEniAN Chub.ch or New Socth Wales. .—The Presbytery of Sydney met in St. Stephen's Church, on Tuesday morning, and was constituted with prayer, and transacted its ordinary business. The term of the ! moderatorship of the Rev. 0. Atchieon having expired, the .- Rev. lit. Fullerton being next on the roll, was appointed : moderator fer the next six months. The Presbytery ; appointed its next meeting to be held on the first Tuesday of j June, at 10 o'clock a.m., and in the usual place, Closed with prayer. 