TELEGRAPHIC. (ÏEOM OtTB TEIEGRAPHIO CORRESPONDENTS.) ROCKHAMPTON. July 24. Two nuggets, weighing 84 ouncos, have been found at Rosewood, by a digger named Brown. It is rumoured that a Blating of gold has boen discovered in one of tho reofs at Ridglands. A number of extravagant statements aro in circu- lation as to tho value of tho find, which »B variously Btated at from £10,000 to £20,000. SYDNEY. July 2Í. Mr. Walker, of Concord, has presented a donation of £1000 to tho Infirmary. The R.M.S. Avoca took out 14,000 sove- reigns. Tho Royal assent has boen refused to tb0 Commoroial Bank Act. Notice of a. motion condemning the recent salo of N.S.W. debentures in London, has boen given in tho Legislative Assembly. MELBOURNE. July 24. . Thero is a probability that the Victorian Government will withdraw from tho arrange- ments como to at tlio intercolonial Postal Con- ference, in oonsequonce of statements made by Mr. Parkes, with reference to thoromovalofono of the proposed stations, Tho supplementary estimates contain a grant of £20,000 to Lady Darling. ADELAIDE. ? July 24. It is proposed to spend tho sum of £10,000 in proparing a fitting wolcomo to the Duke of Edinburgh (Princo Alfred). The European mail will closo on Monday next. THE committee appointed to make arrange- ments for the ball to bo given in aid of the funds of tho Brisbane General Hospital mot yesterday afternoon, at the Servants' Homo. It is not, I howover, deoidod whothor the ball shall bo held in Newton's stores, Eagle-street, or at the School I I of Arts. The committeo will meot next Wod f j nosday to complete arrangements. A preliminary meeting, to consider the desirability of forming an Amateur Dramatic Club in Brisbane, was held at Willett's Victoria Hotel, last night. There was a large attendance of gentlemen connected with the legal profes- sion. Mr. G. W. Paul occupied the chair. It was decided that the Club should be formed, and a sub-committee was appointed to draw up rules and bye-laws for its guidance. An acting secretary was also appointed, after which the meeting adjourned until Friday evening next, at half-past 7 p.m., to enable the sub- committee to prepare the rules. WE understand that the Brisbane Amateur Dramatic Club have kindly consented to give a performance at the School of Arts, on August 1st, in aid of the Ladies' Benevolent Society. The pieces that have been selected for the occa- sion are the tragedy of " The Iron Ghost" and the farce of " The Regular Fix." The former was played with great success at the first public performance given by the Club ; the latter has never been produced in Brisbane before. AT the Central Police Court yesterday, two prisoners were committed for trial:-John Williamson, on a charge of manslaughter ; and Robert A. Pollock, on a charge of obtaining money under false pretences. A MAOISTEBIAII onquiry was held on Tuesday on the body of John Bagnell, whoso sudden doath was reported in our issuo of Saturday last. The ovidonoo taken was in accordance with tho particulars already published. A ver- dict of " doath from natural cauBOB" was re turnod. THE performances at the Alexandra Theatre yesterday evening consisted of the drama of " The Irish Emigrant" and the farce of " The Artful Dodger," both being played successfully. This evening the performance will be for the benefit of Mr. Holloway, when the programme will comprise the drama of " Arrah-na-Pogue" and the farce of " Whitebait at Greenwich." TnB Surgeon-Suporintondont's report of the Lunatio Asylum, Woogaroo, for tho weok ending July 20, is to the offoct that there are now in the asylum 98 males and 41 females, the samo as last week, none having been admitted or dis- charged during tho wook. A OOBBESroNDENT of the D. D. Gazette writes :-" Though somewhat behindhand, probably the following may ho thought of sufficient interest to many of your readers to morit space in your journal : On. S linday forenoon, of the 14th instant, tho Lord Bishop, from Eton Vale, where ho had spont a day or two, held Divine servico in St. Matthow's, delivering, as usual, an excel- lent sermon to a full congregation, though had his intended visit boen more gonerally known the church would, I believe, have been incon voniently crowded. A hastily- gotten-up ad- dress was presonted to him immediately after servico, just when on the ovo of doparting. I annex a copy of it, which was signed hy the I churchwardons and about thirty of the porishion ners who had the opportunity of doing so. ' My Lord,-The undorsigned mombors of the Angli- can Church, parish of Drayton, hail with great satisfaction *pour Lordship's 'return to your diocese. It was with unfeigned rogrot wo have heard at various timos, during your Lordship's absence, that serious illness had overtaken you, and whioh at one poriod threatened to deprive us of tho gratification wo now enjoy of seeing your Lordship again among us, and sincerely do wo hope and pray to that Dispenser of all good gifts, and of which health is one of the most valuable man can enjoy on earth, that in His goodnoBB to all His ereaturcB He will bo pleased to bestow bountifully that blessing on your Lordship hereafter, which will enable you to labor BO much moro vigorously in tho servico of that Great Being whoso honored servant you aro. Permit us to subscribe ourselves, with groat esteem for your Lordship's high office, talents, and character, your Lordship's most dovotedand humblo servants, io.' " WE {Warwick Examiner and Times) can readily imagino the wonderful difforenco in the prosperity of tho Darling Downs that the sum of £50,000, which is now sent out of tho colony for buttor, cheese, and bacon, would make, if it came to us as the result of our pro- ductive industry. And thero is no good reason can bo shown why such should not bo tho ease. It is probable that the main intorcst of the agriculturists on the other side of the Range will bo centred in tho cultivation of BUgar, cot- ton, and other semi-tropical products. The farmers here, on tho contrary, have but one such product-cotton-that thoy can look forward to with any hopo of suceosBful cultivation. It is tho moro necessary, therefore, that they Bhould turn thoir attention to the profitable branch of forming nhich our correspondent points out to them. Thoy havo, in the cooler climate and moro nutritivo and succulent grassoa of our Downs, important advantages over their eastern neighbors for engaging in this pursuit ¡ and wo hope that before another year many of our farmers will havo mado a com- mencement in this hitherto untriod dirootion. THE following items are from the letter of the Roma correspondent of the D. D. Gazette : -" A man up half the night can't write much by a mail that starts at 10 a.m., so I postpone a report of a comical mooting held last night anent the elootion of alderman, at whioh it oozed out that every man on the now roll (mind you the old ono is to be used) save ' dis child ' (also disfranchised) mado sure of being Mayor eleot. It is a fine billet for a man who can afford to give good balls and better dinner par-/ tics, but a horrible one for a poor man. Tho real truth is that they ore funking tho taxes, and that ' looms ' bad, after a gasconading stylo of doing business, whioh would induce a stranger to suppose that, following tho example of Canada, the site of Government was no longer to ho at a seaport, but in the interior to wit, Roma. I may in justice add, that those who hollowed the loudest, were tho first to jib. -An unfortunate accident prevented Mr. Miles from being present in person when tho poll was declared. He was superintending the construc- tion of the washpool at Dulacca, when a rail, upon whioh ho waa resting, suddenly broke, and ho was precipitatod down a height of ton feot, falling with his side on a stake. He mado an "effort, howovor, to reaoh Roma in time, but could only reaoh Blythedalo, where he had "to be lifted from his horse and carried to bed. I am happy to stato, however, that he arrived among us this forenoon.-Tho wenther conti- nues fino, but wa have sharp frosts at night ; and this morning, up to 8 o'clock, the ground was perfectly white. Feod ia abundant still, and if we only havo an early spring, a great lambing may be cxpocted. Roma potatoes havo a roady sale at 6d. per lb. Your Toowoomba spuds do not koop at all, and thoy do not stand carriage. Even in the Roma potatoos, those grown from Brisbane or Ipswich seed, to say nothing. of Sydnoy or Tasmania, ai-o immea- surably superior to thoso from Toowoomba seed. Oats are grown at a prodigious rato here, but I havo seou no whoat tried as yet." 