HABITS OF BUFFALO GHOSTS. I (Correspondent of the Buffalo Express.) " I have reasons for not signing my name to the following statement, and for witholding it from every person living, although I can pledge the word of an honest man that every word I am about to relate isj'as'far as I am capable of judging, as true, as truth itself. ''" On the night of Christmas eve, then, as I was returning home after attending Divine service in a certain church in this city, on nearing my residence I became suddenly aware that a stranger was walking close behind me, and keeping step with me in a manner which I considered to be somewhat familiar and offensive. influenced by the sacredness of the place I had just left, feeling that I should soon be relieved of such undesirable company said nothing, but hurried my pace until I reached the steps leading to my own door. At this point I halted for a moment with the intention of scrutinising the stranger more closely as he passed, when I became sensible at once, that although it was snowing rather fast from the time I became cognisant of the strangers proximity up to the time that I reached home none of the snow fell on either side of us, but seemed to have been repelled about two feet all round from each of us, we both as it were, walking in a sort of vacuum. Although I saw this palpably at the same time of its occurrence, and was quite aware that not a particle of snow touched either of us while we were together, yet strange to say, it never struck me as being singular until I had mounted the steps, and found the flakes falling on me once more. At this juncture I became very much alarmed, and the more so from the fact, when I turned round on the upper step of the flight, to endeavour to get a peep at the stranger's face, he was gone. He had disappeared with the velocity of light, and under circumstances the most incomprehensible, leaving a strange impression that I had seen him before, but as to when or where I was totally unable to determine. r s " Completely astonished at an adventure so strange, I entered my residence, ' where to my surprise I found an old ' friend seated in my study beside a cheerful coal fire that burned in a grate, and whom I had not seen for years, although I was in the habit of constantly corresponding with him. We were mutually delighted at the meeting, and I was happy at making him at home in my bachelor's quarter-I have passed into the sere and yellow leaf without having been fortunate enough to make a favorable impression upon any one of the fair sex. At the novelty of my position, and the gratification it afforded me, all remembrance of my adventure in the street was completely lost sight of, and I addressed myself to conversation and the meagre hospitalities that I could offer him at so late an hour of the night-my housekeeper having gone to bed. ' ' ' ' i " After supper and a single glass of ale each, we retired to our respective apartments to renew our conversation at breakfast and spend a happy Christmas day together. Somehow or other I did not sleep very well; but as I am rather abstemious, and quite unused to late suppers, I fancied that my restlessness was occasioned by even the single glass of ale and the few months I had eaten. As the day began to dawn, however, I sank into a deep refreshing slumber, from which I was aroused about eight o'clock by the well-known voice of my aged domestic announcing the breakfast ready, I was soon up and dressed, and as was always my wont, passed into my study before going down stairs. "Here, to my utter surprise, I perceived standing on the table at which my friend and I had supped two glasses one empty and the other filled with ale beside a plate, the contents of which appeared not to have been touched. I was astonished and confused beyond measure at this, for, before retiring to rest, I had locked a door leading out into the hall at the head of the stairs, which effectually cut off both my study and my bedroom from all intrusion. Unable to account for this condition of the table, I instantly hastened to the apartment of my friend, and knocked at the door. I Receiving no reply, I entered the room, when, lo and behold ! it was empty, while his bed bore all the evidence of-its not having been slept in the night previously. I ran down stairs in great consternation, and learned from my housekeeper that she had not made up any beds that morning, and that not a soul had left or entered the house that morning. < > < '"? ยก " Utterly bewildered, I was about to make some inquiries When my attention was arrested by a knock at the hall door. It was the postman. He handed me a letter. I opened in and sank into a chair. It contained the announcement of my friend's death, which had occurred at Washington a few days previous. After having perused the sad contents, the recollection of my strange adventure in the street rushed in with great force and dis- tinctness upon my memory while my subsequent experience in my study absolutely for the time being paralysed all my reasoning faculties) although I am far from being a stranger to mysterious sights and sounds, in the reality of which I never believed, nor do I fully yet. But what conclusion can I arrive at in this instance of As may be presumed the subject has been present with me ever since, and I now give it to the public in the hope that some explanation may be offered in connection with it, rather than from any desire to make it notorious." ' I 