? ? and-in ooweqaenoe tiie attendanc« was Toy small. This dispirited the amateurs, who, like piofeasaiuls, - are discouraged by a thin hoase. Notwitbatsnding, the ladles and gentlemen did their best tcTmaker the affair go off pleasantly. We pass by this evening, add would remark on the second concert, held ou Thursday night, when the weather was delightful, and the HaU well filled. We.beBeve we may say that lore, law/ and > physic ^were there represented. There weft there bright-eyed ladies and sharp-eyed lawyers, whilst the medical- officers of ihe Hospital —1> Wren and Mr. A. W, F. Noyes—looked tired and jade<t the callB upwrt their. time of late having, been Sequent, and .Agent. The entertammsnt was honored by the attendance of the horr. the Attorbey-General and Sdlicitor-General, Sir W. Maoningr mid the other members of . the. Sydney Bar at the Assize Court, comprising Messrs. Q. M. Stephen, Henry Stephen, Butler; and Darley. Mr. Justice Hargrave "was too fat^ued to attend, but his .Honor took a number of tickets, At eight o'clock the concert commenced with the glee -"-All. among the Barley,by the oonqwny (excepting Mrs. J. J. Roberts). JThe following songs and duets were sung in part the 1st i—"The Higlishman," by Mr.^Carpenter} "Molly Astore/! Mrs. John Lane; "The Minute Gun at Sea," Messrs. Hunter and CarpenterV The Ghost," Mr. E. U. Kerby; «'H Bacio.'l Mrs. J.J. Roberts; " Let me like a Soldier fall," Mr. G. W. A. Robinson ; " Her Bright Smile," Mr. Antill; " I'd be a squatter " (local), Mr. Jeffeiy; " Gipsy Countess," by Mrs. J.J. Roberts and Mr. G. W. A. Robinson. All of these were well rendered and they gave evidence of a manifest improvement in the amateurs, who have received a valuable addition to their ranks in Mr. J. Alexander Antill, who sang " Her bright smile haunts me still," with taste and good time and feeling, accompanying himself on the piano. Mrs. John Lane sang " Molly Astore " sweetly—this lady's voice sounded through the hall like a sweettoned bell, and as she is getting quit of her nervouBnous, we may expect to hear her henceforth to still greater advantage. Mrs. Roberts sang " II Bacio " (accompanying lietBelf on the piano) in her usual taste, and with'her well known style. The gentlemen played their parts well, but want of space prohibits us from individual mi ng them. Mr. Robinson was encored on "Let me like a soldier fall," and "Beloved Eye," being loudly called, was sung with great effect. The second part consisted of a duet on the pianoforte by Mrs.. J. J. Roberts and Master Stephen; and a grand burlesque - " Suoni La Tromba " by Messrs. Grorenor and H. L. Roberts, all of which gave great satisfaction, the duet being admirably played—Master Stephen (son of Mr. G. M. Stephen) acquitting himself welL The burlesque elicited great applause. The third part consisted of a performance of some of the amateurs as Christy's Minstrels, before which Mr. G. M. Stephen and Mr. J. A. Antill played a duet on the flute, first and second, " Home, Sweet Home " was sweetly rendered, and was followed by a Scotch air, finely played. We had then the following :—Overture, by the Company; Opening Chorus, Company; " Toll the.Bell," Mr. Carpenter; "Darkies' Holiday," Mr. Kerby; " Hazel Dell," Mr. Hunter; "Stop dat knockin," Mr. Saloshin; " Kiss .me, good night, mother," Mr. Robinson ; "JuliettaBeD," Mr. S.J. Grovenor; "Tapioca," Mr. H. L. Roberts; Breakdown, by the Company. All were well sung, and well received. The Premier (Mr. Martin) returned the thanks of the meeting to the amateurs, stating that he was astonished at discovering such a combination of amateur talent in this distant part of the colony— the talent displayed was worthy of a much larger place than Deniliquin. He hoped to be in a position to pay more attention to these districts, and, speaking for himself as a member, of the Government, he would do his best to render us all the assistance in his power to promote the public welfare of Deniliquin and the country surrounding. The compliment was properly acknowledged by Mr. J. J. Roberts, on behalf of the amateurs, and "God Save the Queen " having-been sung, the entertainment terminated, and is to be repeated on Tuesday next. . 