CLARE. fFrom our own (Joiresnnnrient t Clare, Mar 16. On "Wednesday evening flfith") the first soiree given by our Institute was held in the Clare Hall, under the presidency of Mr. E. B. Gleesou, S.M. It was numerously attended, there being over 100 present. The programme commenced with fan overture by the band. The Rev. Mr. Davidson then, with a few introductory remarks, recited "The Fall of McGregor." It was followed by a pianofoite solo by Dr. Bain, the story of Bernardo and Alunzo by Mr. Richardson, a duet by Miss Bain 011 the piano and Mr. Bartsch on the violin. This ended the first part. The second part was opened by the Rev. Mr. Davidson giving Lord Cuatham's speech on the American war, which was well received. One of the Christy Minstrels' songs was then given by Messrs. W ickena, Oatt, ai d Bartsch, and drew forth great applause. Next followed a dramatic scene from Henry IV., by Messrs. Wickens and Murphy, a trio on the cor net, piano, and violin, hv Messrs. Bain, Bartsch, and Catt (exceedingly well executed), and a laugh able Irish ghost story rendered in the best Irish style by the Kev. Mr. Boake. The band wound up with selected pieces very creditably played. The third part commenced with a duet on the piano aud violin, by Dr. Bain and Mr. Bartsch. The Bev. Mr. Davidson then recited " Young Lochinvar," which brought thunders of applause, and as an encore he gave the McAlpine Boat Song. Mr. Wickens gave another song, which received, as it well merited, an encore. This was followed by a comic recitation by Mr. Murphy, which convulsed the room with laughter. Dr. Davies proposed, and Mr. Kimber secon-'ed, a vote of thanks to the various gentlemen and the band for their kind services. Mr. W. Gooch proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies, Mesdames Davies aud Kimber, for their kindness in supply ing the refreshments, which was carried by a round of applause. Thanks were then given to the worthy Chairman. The band struck up the National Anthem, and one of the pleasantest evenings ever spent in Clare came to a close. We hear of two inches rain at the Burra, and one and a half inches at Black Point; but we do not score more than one-tenth of an inch at Clare, 