HAYMARKET THEATRE. The only reason for producing " Rob Roy" last night at this house was, it is to be presumed, that Miss Denin might give the public a taste of her quality in a semi-operatic part ; though why she should desire to appear in a part which exhibits her to such small advantage is less clear. There is none but an operatic reason for allotting the character of Francis Osbaldiston to an actress rather than to an actor ; but if there had been any other reason, Miss Dean would hardly have helped to make it apparent. For she looked less like a young English gentleman of a century ago than a very pretty woman in a fancy dress, who might represent a bold smuggler, or a ballet highwayman, or anything else that is prettily picturesque. If, however, it is permitted to discard the notion of any particular character being represented, and to accept simply Miss Denny in a fancy dress, and in excellent voice, then is there less difficulty in dealing with the performance. On this principle, therefore, let it be recorded that Miss Dean looked her best, and sang several songs -most of them of no earthly appropriateness so far as the piece was concerned with taste and sweetness. As to tile acting, it is at all times difficult, even by very eminent walking gentlemen, to make a favourable impression in this part, and if Miss Dean did no more than keep on the safe side of failure it is quite as much, perhaps, as she ought reasonably to he expected to do. Candidly, however, she would do well not to give a preference to characters of this description. Of the acting generally there is much to be said in commendation, and in this wise that all the fun was transformed into very fair burlesque. The scene in Mrs. M'Alpiue's hostelry, for example, was worthy of a Christmas pantomime, and such excellent use was made of the red-hot poker that Mr. Gill and Mr. O'Brien have a clear right to a preference of the parts of clown and pantaloon when the pantomime season comes on. If it is objected that the ghost of Sir Walter Scott has some reason to be angry at this scene being burlesqued, the objection is at once disposed of by the remark that the ghost might witness the play of "Rob Roy" fifty times and never discover any connexion with the novel of that name. It is only right to say that the extravaganza principle was admirably carried out, with some exceptions, in the details generally. For it is the role in burlesques to cast the characters so that there shall be an apparent dissimilarity between the actor and the part. Thus a pretty young lady, weighing eight stone, will sometimes be made to personate a stalwart knight, who, with his armour, would balance a couple of hundredweight, or more. Hence, probably, Mr. Raynor was cast for Rob Roy, Miss Arnot for Helen Macgregor, and Miss Burne for Diana Vernon. Perhaps it was one of the . jokes in the burlesque to announce Mr. Charles Young as the Dougal Creature, and for Mr. John Edouin to play it. Let it be said, however, that he played it very well ; but perhaps more a sort of blame is deserved, in that he did not keep up the burlesque character. Perhaps he did not quite approve of two last issues in one night, and so did his best to give his own part the quality of reality, and, as we have said, succeeded. In the abstract probably he was right; but, as a matter of discipline, we leave him to be dealt with by the manager. 