THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, December 17. The Pbesibe-t took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PRTtTTON. The Hon. J. H. BARROW presented a petition from 350 landholders, farmers and residents of Gawler and Light, prayinu that the session may not be closed till some measures were taken to give relief to the agriculturists on account of the tailure of the wheat crops from red rust. He stated that he believed there were some signatures which were not genuine, but signed by deputy. The PRESIDENT intimated that the petition could be received, but the signatures leferred to would have to be struck out. Received and read. THE OCEAN MAIL SERVICE. The Hon. W. MORGAN wished to direct the attention of the Hon. Chief Secretary to the cir cumstance stated in the Ecgister that the branch mail steamer had left some packets behind at King Ueorge's Sound. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) would direct the attention of the Postmaster General to the subject. RAPID BAY. The Hon. J. H. BAKROW asked the lion. Chief Secretary if a petition had been presented to the Government in reference to the erection of a Police Station at Bullaparinga instead of at Rapid Bay ; aud, if so, what action had been taken relative thereto. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) replied that he would nuke enquiries on the subject, PRINTING COMMITTEE. The ISth report of the Printing Committee was brought up, received, read, and adopted. MESSAGES. On the motion of the CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers), the Marriage Bill and Mineral Rents Bill were ordered to be transmitted to the House of Assembly. A message was received from the Governor, informing the Council that a Commission would shortly be appointed to enquire into the subject of diseases in the cereal crops, as requested by the Council. PARLIAMENTARY PAPER. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) laid on the table a paper relative to the appropria tion of the Immigration Fund, called for by the Hon. J. Baker. RAILWAY EXPENDITURE. The Hon. H. MILDRED, pursuant to notice, asked the following questions :— '1. What railway between Strathalbj;naudAliddleton is alluded to in the schedule to the Kailway Loan Bill. 1SC7. 2\. What sum has been expended on the Strathalbyn and Middleton Tramway. 3. What sum has been expended on the Roseworthy and Forresters Rail way.' He explained, in reference to the first question, that the Council had no knowledge of any 'railway' haying been authorized between Strathalbyn and Middleton, and generally that the information referred to would be useful in connec tion with the consideration of the Railway Loan Bill. The CHIF.F SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) replied as follows:— '1. Tha railway authorized by Act No. 1, 18W, assented to July tlth, IStii; 2, iS6.359 14s. 7d.; 3. £14.600 14s. 2d.' These amounts, however, did not include the liabilities incurred in respect to materials ordered from England, l.or those of existing contracts. He had confined his formal reply to the terms of the quettions put to him. The Hon. J. T. BA.GOT asked the Hon. the Chief Secretary— ' The amount of money ex pended on the following lines up to the present time: -The Strathalbyn and Middleton, the Forresters and Burra, the Narracoorte and Mount Giinbier, the I'ort Wakerield and Hoyle's Plains. Also, what amount will be required during the present year for these lines; also, the amount expended for surveys, and whether such sums for surveys are to be charged against loans or againt the General Revenue.' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Avers) said as the lion, member had put his question in a more comprehensive form than the Hon. Mr. Mildred, he was able to give a more general reply. It was contained in the following:— 'Return giving amount of expenditure on the following lines up to the present time, viz. :— The Stratha'byn and Middleton, the Roseworthy ami Forresters, the Forresters and Burra, the Karracoorte and Mount Gaiubier, the Port Wakefield and Hoyle's Plaius ; also what amount will be required during the present year for those lines; also the amount expended for surveys, aud whether such sums for surveys are to be charged against loans or General Revenue. Strathalbyn and Middleton —Amount expended in the colony from revenue, i;9,!-M 15s. Sd. : do. do. from loans. i31,009; do. by Agent-General do., £15,250 18s. lid.; total, £5U,:W5 14s. 7d. Amount required for ex penditure during the present year, nil ; amount expended for surveys charged to revenue, £l,0(tl 4i. 4d.; do do. on loans, £4(52 i:te.- total, £!,:{G3 17s. 4.1. Roseworthv and Forresters— Amount expended in tne colony irom loans, aooui aauuu; ' do. by Agent-General do., £ti,tJOO 14s. 2d.- total, £14,0U0 14s. 2d. Amount required for expenditure during present year, nil; amount expended for surveys charged to loans, £1,074 Us. 4 I. For resters and Burra-Amount expended for surveys charged to revenue, £S25. Naracoerte and Mount Gambier— Amount expended for surveys charged to revenue, £876 15s. 5d. Port Wakefield and Hoyle's Plains— Amount expended in the colony from loans, about £5,0U0; do. by Agent-General do., £6,014 18s.— total, £11,614 ISs. Amount re quired for expenditure during present year. If 07, for freight, about £220; amount expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £74 15s. ; do. do., do. loans, £1,759 19s. 4d.— total, £1,834 14s. 4d.' RAILWAY LOAN BILL. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) moved the second reading of this Bill. Though the motion had been discussed on two previous occasions he hoped he should be excused if he went over the same ground again. He would endeavour to be as concise as he could, but as lion, members would desire to have us much informa tion as possible upon a subject of so much impor tance, ne would be obliged to trespass to some extent upon the attention of the House. The tirst item contained in the schedule was for completing the railway between Strathalbyn and Middleton, and providing rolling-stock— £44,000. These works had been sanctioned by the Parliament; and though the Hon. Mr. Mildred, iu his questions, had drawn a distinction between tramways and railways, the Government knew of no such distinc tion. The line was intended to be used for horse traction, and the Government hail not and never had any intention to use it for anything else. The second item was for constructing a i ail way from Koseworthy to Forresters, and providing rolling stock— £124,000; and the next item was for com pleting the railway from Port Wakefield north wards -£30. 000; but as the Council had determined that an alteration of the gauge should not be made, the whole of tbat amount would not be required. The next line in the schedule waj for providing additional rolling-stock, plant, rails, and buildings on the lines of railway to Port Adelaide and to Kapui;da-£73,000; and there was the item of £10,000 for additions to the jetty terminating the tramway at Port Victor, and for extension thereof and the lines of rail to Granite Island. This ameuut was required for the completion of the works commenced under the Act of 18(!2. Then there was the item for constructing a railway from Mount Gambier to Narracooite, and providing rolling-stock -£270,000; and £2t»,000 for con structing a railway from Forresters to Red ruth, and providing rolling stock, both of which lines of railway had been sanctioned by the Council. He went into these items to show the Council that these works had been authorized to be constructed. What the Government asked was that the Council should not allow money to be raised in the way proposed to enable these works to be completed. If the General Revenue had been buoyant enough to permit of the works being completed by its aid, the Government would not have applied to the Council to authorize money to be raised upon bonds. The Government, not finding the General Revenue sufficiently elastic to justify these works being carried on by its aid alone, were compelled to call upon the Council to allow money to be raised by bonds. It was the impression of some persons that the Government had adopted some stratagem which was of an under handed character, and which had never been em ployed by previous Governments. It was further stated that the Government had altered the tram ways from their original design, and had increased the expense required to complete them. This was wholly false. The reason why the Uovprmnent asked for the raising of this aduitioual money was simply to complete the railways and make them a success. He would be able to show by a paper which he would shortly read that Mr. W. Hanson, the late Engineer-in.Chief. had been allowed 10 per cent, by a former Government to complete these works, because it was found utterly impos sible to finish them within the original estimate. He did not wish to reflect upon Mr. Hanson, or the Hon. T. English, or the Government to which that gentleman belonged; but when a statement was made in public that the present Engineer- in-Chief was expending money more extravagantly than his ' predecessor, he thought he was justified in reveal ing the red state vf the case. After furnishiug the Council with the information which he was possessed ef on the subject, he thought it better to leave it in the hands of the Council to sav whether or not these accusations rere true. It was not the intention of the Govern ment to make public works more expensive than :ould possibly be helped or actually required. He ras sorry that an attempt had been made to mix lp the privilege question with the Bill. It was all mportant that nothing like a question of privilege should be mixed up with a Bill of that natuie, mless stronger grounds were adduced than had been sho^n ou that occasion. He had been several rears in the Council, and had as regularly as any member attended to its business and possessed :onsiderable knowledge of the privileges of the Council; and his experience prompted him to warn tion. members not to take the dictum of others as to what those privileges were, but to be guided solely by the practice hitherto adopted by the Council. He asked them to draw their own con clusions from the facts of the case. He would go back sevi n years— to the year ISO— when the Hon. J. r. Bagot was a member of the Government of the day and a member of the House of Assembly, as were also the present Hons. Mr. Parkin and Mr, Mildred. A Bill was then brought in asking for' cower to raise £46,,O0Q by bonds for the, com pletion of South Australian Railways arid the Adelaide Waterworks. He would point out that this Bill ef 1860 did not refer to railways exclusively. The Bill came down in due couse to the Couucil. It was regretted by hon. members that more money was wanted, but nothing was said of the Bill being an encroachment upon the privileges of the Council. (The Hon. J. T. Bagot— 'Hear, hear.') The Hon. Mr. Bagot said ' hear, hear.' Well, he was glad to rind that gentleman to be the champion of the privileges of the Council. At the time the Bill he referred to came before the ('?ouncil, they were presided over by Sir J. H. Fisher who was always jealously watchful of the privilegeo of Parliament. MaHy of the present members were, like himself, members of the Council at the time be referred to, and could bear out the accuracy of his statements. He asked hoc. members to bear in mind what was done by tbj? t^dncilin I860, an4 hoped they would act consistently with their previous conduct, and if they threw the Bill out to do so upon its merits, and not on account of its being alleged to be a breach of the privileges of the Council He credited the Hon. Air. Parkin with possessing a reflective and conscientious mind, and he trusted that that hon. member would draw his own con clusions from the past practice of the Council, and not rely upon the dictum of Borne persons who pro fessed to understand the matter. He bad been thus precise in this matter in order to show hon. members that the mixing up the Bill with the privilege question was improper, and that in doing 0o attention was net paid to the important interest to which the measure related. Se entreated the Council to take the Bill upon its merit*; and not try to dispose o! it bj a side wind. ThequeitiQni* j whether they were borrowing too much or too ttle could be discussed by itself, but he ould not understand why it was mixed up with a uestion of privilege. He would point out that the noney was required to complete .certain works, 'hose works were at present only partially finished, nd if left in this state would remain a reproach ipon the Government. He would always be op wsed to anv attempts being made to place addi lonal 8ums*of money at the disposal of the Go ernment to enter into competition with the mployers of labour. It could not be said, how :ver, that this object was sought to be obtained -y the present Government. There were circum tances at the present time peculiarly favourable j the advantageous borrowing of money for mblic works. Meney was at present obtainable m easy terms, and labour was readily procurable. i there was any juncture at which they could -etter exercise their borrowing powers, the present vas most peculiarly fitted. They had had ilternating periods of prosperity and depression The seasons of 1864.and IStS were most flourishing, uid had set a large amount of money in circula ion, but since then a period of depression had jeeu experienced. It did not follow that because he times were bad public works should not bo :ontinued. The Government saw that the coming larvest, the prospect of which at the present time «ras most discouraging, would thtow large nuiu- i .iers out of employmeut, and they determined to .aUe steps to provide employment for them, thereby .?Heeling two objects- affording re.ief lo the desti ;ute aud completing important public works. It tfould be the duty of the Government to find work or those who would be left without employmeut, uid who would consequently be kft quite desti :ute. The Government should bo allowed :o exercise their foresight in providing for probable emergencies, and he did not think :hat if large numbers of persons were left in lestitute circumstances the Government could pro ride a better remedy for the difficulty than by em ploying them in reproductive woiks. The sym pathy and support of hon. members had been unbrdcd to Government measures having for their abject the granting of relief to certain classes in die community in the 6hape of remission of rent. Sec, and he hoped when an attempt was made to benclit another body of colonists they would not withhold their support. No doubt the present was i most critical period; but by the exercise of judi cious foresight on the part of the Government and the cordial co-operation of the Council, they might be able to tide over the crisis, it was not a question which atlectcd the stability of the Ministry. It, bad a more widespread influence, as it affected the well-being of every person in the colony. He hoped the Council would consider the Bill on its merits, and not be led into rejecting it on account of shadow}' pretexts of privilege, Ace. The following statement, prepared by the Engineer-in-Chicf, Mr. H. (J. Mais, was then read by the liou. Ctiief Secretary, and subsequently laid on the table of the Council:— ''Sir— 1 have the honour to inform you Unit my attention having been directed by you to a statement nnule iu the Legislative Council Chamber with reference to the estimates made by Mr. Hanson for the various railway works now in progroH, I feel it my duty to make a few remarks thereon. It is matter of personal regret to me to be called upon to make any comments upon the estimates uf my predecessor in office, but alter the broad statements that have been made 1 fei-1 com pelled to state the facts as iliey have i-ccurri-d. For the sake of illustration, I will take woiks upon the Middle:on and Strathalbyn Railway, nearly the whole of which were let prior to my taking office. The principal items as estimated by Mr. Hanson, and upon which the greatest discre pancies occur, are as follows :— Land and compensa tion, estimated originally at £41 per mile, bus actually cost up to October 18' ', £105 per mile ; earth works, estimated to cost £5:M per mile, have cost i.7011 per mile; fencing, estimated at £105 per mile, has cost £220 per mile: culverts mid bridges, estimated to cost £070 per mtle, have cost £1,1'J7 per mile; and the Lvep Creek Bridge, which has cost £1,058, has apparently altogether been omitted; sleepers, estimated at Is. lid. each, have cost upon un average 4s. each; ballast, estimated at 3s. per cubic yard, coat from 5s. to 7s. (id. per cubic yard. These are the principal items, and no increase in quantity would increase the price, but would operate in the opposite direction. 1 consider that the illustration above furnished will be sufficient to prove that this line could not have been con structed for a simple increase of 10 per cent, upon the original increase. Most of the work was let prior to my taking office, and the whole of the works have been imariably let to the lowest tenderer. It has been stated that 1 have increased the extent ot the works and have materially altered the designs, thereby increasing the co.-t. Iu reply to this charge 1 affirm that 1 have in no instance alteieJ the character of the work, or made any increase except where it was absolutely neces sary to do so to avoid failuie. The item ot ballast 1 have certainly increased, because it would simply be wasting money to attempt to place the estimated quantity upon t lie liue;and as a meausof economy 1 have a-!ded theumallest amount of ballast necessary to render the line secure and economical m inuiti ftmiiMrp wiHinnf. rpfrrenrp tn thp (idfcfinii nf hnrti* jr locomotive traction. Although the character und extent of the l ail way works have not been materially altered, yet the total cost has been con siderably increased, in consequence of the erro neous surveys, levels, and other data which have lately been discovered, to correct which has cost a considerable amount of time and money. In some instances the deeds of laud have been pre pared aud the money paid as compensation by the Government therefor, whereas the line of railway has been laid out through an unjoining section belonging to a different proprietor. As a rule the levels have been proved to be altogether unreliable, errors amounting in some instances to 12 inches aud upwards having been discovered. Such errors as these iu a finished working sec tion are altogether inexcusable, and in my experience without a parallel. It would have been extremely easy for me to have ie duced my estimates by the omissions of im portant portions ot the works, such us fencing, Jiih-plates, ballast, &c.; ; but it has been my desire to provide for this colony the most efficient lines consistent with economy, and 1 have frumed my estimates accordingly, should any further details be deemed requisite, I shall be hujijiy to furnish them; but 1 respectfully submit thai the informa tion I have aliemly furnished iu this and previous reports now before Parliament proves beyond doubt that these lines have not been ami cannot be carried out for the original estimates, even with an addition of 10 per cent.' The statement which lie had read would show that the iucrtawd expense was not caused by Mr. Mais, the present Kugineur in-Chief. The Government had tried to carry out the^e public works at the original estimate, but found it impossible to do eo. He hoped the Council would assent to the second lending of the Bill. The Hon. W. MOUUAN Kecimduil. The Hon. J. T. BAGOT bad listened with a good deal oi attention to the speech of the Hon. the Chief Secretary, and a most melancholy speech it was. The Hon. Chief Secretary bad endeavoured to set the case of the working men iigainst the ques tion of the privileges of the Council. This was an unfair position, and should not have been assumei by the head of the Government. Ihe Chief Secretary had said he (Mr. Bagot) was the champion of the privileges of the Council, lie thought it was high lime for the Couucil to inter fere when the Chief Secretary was selling its privileges. When this was attempted then it was high time for a humble individual like himself to take up the question of privilege. If the Council wanted to preserve any semblance yf a privilege they ought to pause before they gave way to the threatening!, of the Chief Secretaiy. If they allowed their privileges to be encrouched on in the way proposed the Council Mould be rendered utterly useless as a legislative body. In the pre sent Bill some items had been tacked on for the purpose of being provided for in a way which could not be ulfected in a straightforward manner. He would oppose the Council being placed in such uu anomalous position, and would not surrender up its privileges without a hard struggle. The Bill of 1S0O referred to by the Hon. Chief Secretary waB similar to that before the Council, and on account of that they were asked to pass it. If they acqui esced in it, they must abandon their privileges for ever. The Chief Secretary had tried to frighten the Council by saying that if the Bill were not passed, numbers of persons would be thrown out of employment, and men would be compelled to go about the streets beeging, on accouutiof there being a bad harvest. He would ask whose* fault would this be? The responsibility of there being no employment for these distressed persons rested upon the Government. He knew that in smother place tiiere were many gentlemen who were prepared to assist the Government in passing other Bills, lie had tukeu the trouble to enquire- about it, and he believed that hon. members, though opposed to the Government, would assist them in doing what was necessary in order to protect their pri vileges. All that would be necessary would be to prolong the session for a day or two. He hoped the Government would not refuse to do what was necessary for the sake of forcing an unpalatable measure upon the Council. The responsibility of doing so would rest with the Government, aud not with the House. No argument had been used by the Chief Secretary to induce hon. members to change their views. If this Bill were thrown out or withdrawn, separate Bills could ea-ily l«e brought in to accomplish the object. If this was not done, they would be yielding their privileges. Were they to sit there and be of no use? The Council could not ultup ?! einr'lp itpm in tlln Kill withnnt nrfivnkinir a misunderstanding with tne other House. It would be much better, then, that the Government should withdraw (he measure, and bring in fresh Bills, which would give room for consideration and discussion. With reference to the explanation of Mr. Mais he would say that it appeared to him that this was a sort of explanation which could be pot up with little effort. He questioned, however, whether it could be borne out. What reason was there for increasing the ballast? The simple reason was that Mr. Mais determined that the hue, which was intended to be worked by horse power, should be made for locomotive power, and therefore additional ballast was required. (The Chief Secretary— 'Aline with horse power would require more.') The Chief Secretary, by such a remark, showed Unit he was indoctrinated in the expensive notions of Mr. Mais. (No.) He said that a horse line would require heavier work than a locomotive line. (The Chief Secretary— ' I did not. ') Unless Mr. Mais had altered the character of the lines he couid not understand how Mr. Hanson could have been so far out m his calculations as to require 50 per cent additional on his estimates. The House should' have an oppor tunity of considering the matter. M r. Hanson had sometimes acted extravagantly in his works. But the extravagance of Mr. Hanson was out-heroded by that of Mr. Mais. Mr. Hanson was told by the Government that light lines for horse traction were all that were needed. But now they were asked to construct them at a coutof £5,0-)'J per mile instead of £i,u00 aa was at first intended. It should not be said that if the Bill was lost the Council would be responsible for the surJering which might fall upon the working classes. The Government could easily retire from the position they had taken without discredit to themselves. Feeling tbia he would move the prcuous question. The PRESIDENT said he could not put the amendment until that of the Hon. Mr. Baker had been disposed of. He could not have two amend mThebiIIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) Baid the Hon. Mr. Baker could withdraw his amend The Hon. J. T. BAGOT asked if an amendment was anything till it was proposed. He submitted that this was the only amendment before the Council. That of the Hon. Mr. Baker was not yet moved. The PRESIDENT said as the Hon. Mr. Baker had given notice of an amendment it must come ' The Hon. J. BAKER would, with the leave of the House, withdraw his notice for the present. If necessary, he could bring it on again. The PRESIDENT xaid he could not do that. ' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayera) No amendment eould be propoied after the previous tjuestion. ' The Hon. J. BAKER would withdraw the notice. Dhe Hon. T. ELDER hoped the House would t stultify itself by assenting to thU motion, for thing had occurred to change the aspect of the estijn since the Council rejected thin Bell-same II some days ago. It could not be laid that this iolution was arrived at without due deliberation, ' the measure had been fully discussed and the te taken when hon. member*, without a single ception, were in their places, and almost evury e had expressed his views upon it. It did seem ange thciefore thut the subject should coiue up fore them again in this form, and it wag any ing but complimentary, lie might almost nay was derogatory to the consistency and intellf nee of the Council that such an unusual coune ould be pursued. The tactics of the Government endeavouring to upset the decisions of this juse, if successful, would be something ;e a puredy on Hamlet moralizing beforu e ghost of his father— 'In former times, ten the breath was out of the body there is an end of the man ; but now they reappear d push us from our stools;*1 but he was conll nf, notwithstanding that any attempt to tamper tli the independence of the majority would not successful. He had a better opinion of his low- members than to think otherwise. In the rly part of this debate he deprecated Victoria coming their model iu finnnciiil matters as well in her Parliamentary usages; but the exainpla the Legislative Council of Victoria in resisting cnuchments on its liberties was worthy of their jpect and imitation. That House refilled to ni its sails to catch the popular breeze whou eir rights and privileges were unlawfully invaded. .'iUier the dictation of the Assembly, the coercion the Government, nor the active host lity of the .ncrnut himself deterred them from the t-or- rmauce of llieir duty alike to tho country id to themselves; and ao should they main* m their rights ami defend their privi Res in dealing with important questions ;e the one then under consideration. With Kurd to the etlects that might ensue from deficient harvest, ho did not agree cither with e Hon. the Chief Secret aiv or another lion, ember who hail spoken vciy strongly on thii ibject. The Hon. Mr. Barrow spoke of 20,000 arving agriculturists coming down upon the overnment demanding food and labour, intend g such an alarming statement no cluulit to in .lence ihe minds of the lion, members In voting i this question. How, he did not believe that ic deficiency in the harvest would be bo great as i produce this result or anything approaching it. hey must keep iu view that many tanners had huI crops thin year, and would make Inrgu rliini-s from the high prices they were likely to itain for their produce. He admitted that a largo unber of their hard- working aud industrious ruicrs would be ruined uiul others gioutiy iui n'ciished by the total or paitlal failure of their ops. He knew ibis from actual experience that was mure a question of confederation for their udloitls than for the Government, in tho lirut istance, although prcat sympathy Nhould ha It for them by all, he expected very little / ;nl from Ins own tenants io the neighbourhood ~* \ li'uwlcr unil I'oit (inwler this seaton, and would l' very glud to exhibit bin consideration further i the extent nf writing off a year's rent if neccB try. Une of his tenants who paid him £200 a liar for land iu that neighbourhood, and was not i arrears, stated the other day his inability to pay iy lent this year, but asked auMslanco to pro ire seed wheat for his next crop— a requent Inch under the circumstances he wan not willing i refuse, in the hope thut it would enable him to .?cover iiis position; and so it would be with tuny others. These were landlord questions, i the meantime at least, and should not t used as arguments iu favour of this ill. He was mire tho farmera as a ass, however unfortuuntu come of them had ten, would not receive eleemosynary uid from le Government it they could help it, and it wan u bel upon them to Hay that they would forsake leir lurms and flock into town for any mich urposc. He thought it was a pity thut such Btute lenls Nhuuld be made to bolster up n bail cuuae. et the Government, us he tiaid before, taku thin Imoxioua Jtill to pieces, mid scud it up in separalo urts for works sanctioned by the Parliament, and ic Council would, he was convinced, dtul lie rally with each Kill on its own merits. Mora Kin that they could not say, and they would wa»h teir hands entirely of this consequences of their peeling this mlvia'. He repudiated in the Wrongest terms the Klightest wjuh to obstruct tho usiuess of the country. This Itill, if adopted, ould benefit him personally as much as any man i the eolniiy he believed; but judgment told him hat it would be injurious to the best interests of lie country to pasts such n measure, mid, therefore, ihutevcr might lie the consequences not even the esigiwtion of the Ministry-tho greute»t culamity hat could happen to ilicmttclvcs-llic country rould survive it. lie said that even iu tho face uf uch n dire contingency lie must continue to ippose this Bill. The Hon. J. 11. HARROW said thut the Chief Secretary, with reference to what he cuid lust ''riilay about Mr. Huiiboii, seemed to put theciiMS is if lie (Mr. Harrow) iiiadu the BtuteinoiiU ou bin iwn uuthority. He suid at the timu tfuit he hud hu authority of that gentleman for whut he then itatcd. He had no menus of knowing liiiiiBelf vheiher the statements weiu true or false. He :niild not enter into the nivctmry calculations, us ie had not seen Air. JJan^on more thim u quarter )f an hour when lie tame down to the Council. Ihcicivas no violation of conliiJcncu in what ho iui Haul, us be had informed Mr. Ituiisou tlmt ho Yould make use of the information in boiiiu way, tnd he hud received a note from that pentleiiiau .hanking him fur what he hud nuiiI. It was not lie :essury tor him to Buy who was riulit or who wiih ivrung, Mr. Hanson or Mr. Main. They hIiouIiI light it out between them. Hu would not Imve illuded to the mutter had he considered it a private question. Hu wan neither the advocate nor the champion of Mr. Hanson. With relcrenco Lo wnat had been uiid about the possible and probable eoiiHiquences of rejecting the Bill, ho tvoulil at once say I hat he did not charge ou those, voting iiuuiiiHt iliu jui-nmirc a wish to biiiigun tliu julainiiieH lo which he had referred, or even a ivi.ili to stop public workH. lie thought the. majority differed widely among lliemsclvcM aa llg .he ^roiuulN of their objection to the Hill, Ortfll look thu ground that it wan a violation of the Diivilegesof the House; another that it wan not ilcniruble to borrow money. Ouu wanteil the liill taken lo pieces, uud another objected to Ihu principle oi the measure The minority, however, were more united in the policy of ciuryiug ou useful works by means of borrowed capital, i hu Hun. T. Llilcr bud said thai if the Hound p.ihhud tbu second rcuriiug it would stultify iuelt. Ho (Mr. Burrow) would not Htultify hiumelF, und therefore he would vote fur the second reading, ua be hud dune before. They must dive each oilier credit for sincerity of purpose. Hu hail haul ou u former oieasion Unit he did not like the firm in which ihe measure cuinu befoiu them; but ho would not lit k ihu continences of rejecting thu Bill under present circumstances. Hal the matter come on earlier in the session it might huvu been ditlcreiil; but now they were getting neur UiriBUnu.s uud if tin; meuHUte wus rejected newr onus could not be passed hi'toie Clifixtinas; und if they hud to meet ufier the jolliticuiioii of the holi days there would protmbly be u crisis gut up, uud then the Puiluiuiciit mitdit expire by tilluxion of time buforu anything was done, lie imputed nothing unpatiiouc to those who opposed ihe liill; but looking ul all the ciicuutstunces hu must vole in its favour. The lion. J. BAKER aaii the Hon. Mr. Barrow bad baid hu would not Blullify himself by ultenng bis vote; nor would bu (Mr. itaker) do bo. (A IuukIi.) He had said that the Hill was opppiud on uiHerciit grouiiilf). Thut hu submitted whb a proof that it wan open lo many objections. Ha would udvisu lion, members not to stultify them selves us lit would not. The lion, gentleman hud spoken of the small majority; but he thought it was not usuul to speak in thut wuy. The majority weru ihu (ouncil whether it wuh biiiuII or gruut, The vote already taken ou the Hubject shuuld have been binding, ami iu deference to tho Council, who had bo clearly explained their views, the Chief ?Secretary should not huvu brought it on ujwin in thut form. He should huvc tried in some other wuy to meet the wishes of th-/Be who objected to the measure. Thu Hon. Mr. Barrow hud said if thu matter hud couio on earlier in the session he might huve voted difi'e rentlv. But whul difiereiico could the delay of a few days make ] If the hon. gentleman wuuld |'iuye voted uguiuBt ihe Bill then lie would vote uuuinbt it now. lie thought ihu bun. member ihowed great inconsistency in his argument. Hu Bitid ho kuvc those who voted BKuiiiBt tho Bill credit for voting honeblly. But surely it was not iiucemtary the lion, gentleman should give them thut uwiu runce. iMr. Barrow—' Mr. Elder asked for it.') What was it to tho House whether the lion. Mr. Barrow believed they voted honestly I It wan not necessary thut they should haw had an assurance from the hou. gentleman. The liou. Mr. Bagot had referred to thu appeal of the Chief Secretary to thu working classes, if he had understood the Ohief .-ecretury to have brought thu measure for ward to give work to t|ie labouring cluiBea, he mitiht have supported him. But that object was not stated when it was introduced. Indeed, If that were the object, ii could bo accomplish!*1 iu u readier manner. They might have Beutte.uu. « the money at their feet, and left them to scramble I for it and pick it up without working at all. Thu Bill was not brought in to iind lauour for tho working classes, but because thu works would bo good fur the colony and be reproductive. Ho thought it was unfortunate that ouch appeals hud been made. The Hun. Mr. Burrow had made them befqro, aud it Was unfortunate to have such argument* br6uglit forward on the question. A broader and wider view ahould be taken. Any large expenditure on public works with borrowed money which would lend to Increased luxation would be a doubtful benefit to the working classes. In their interests hu would oppose the Bill, aa ho did not believe the works would be reproductive, and the taxation would full first on them. Tho labouring classes understood those things a» well as the Chief hecretary did. He hod withdrawn the motion of which he gave notice. Iu the former dhtcu&sion; he had moved tho previous question, and he would support it then. If the Bill were absolutely thrown out the House of Assembly would probably get up a privilege debate, and it would be a pity to do this when a better way was open to them by voting for the previous question. The appeal to the working classes was only a repetition of what had taken place last year with reference to the Waterworks They were told that if the Bill fur a second reservoir run rejected the working cltis&cs;, would juffer; but that Bill wan rejected, and It was not so important us it wus stated to be, for it had not been referred to Uiu scKsipn. Jt was only tho old cry of wolf got up in the previous question which was ogain reviveJ. With reference to Mr. MalH'B rcplv to ftlr, llansoii, he would say that as it cuiuo from tho uupobite side it should be taken with caution. But what a portion tho Government weie placed in. If Mr. Main was right, why nhould the Government have voted a large buui to Mr. Hanson for his valuable services; and if Mr. Uau«»n was right, why had the Government upheld Mr. Alais) But perhaps after all Mr. Hanson wus richt. He had not been ublo to form an opinion on the subject. He did not know Mr. Mais, but hu heard he was u clever man. Clever men, however, sometimes had crotchets. Ho would not bo influenced by ihe state ments read by the Chief Secretary for that gentleman. A niorp satisfactory explanation wa» needed of the extra coat of their works. He had no alternative but to rote against the Bill, and lie hoped the previous question would he carried If that were dono he had no doubt the Chief Secretary would tee his way out of the difliculty. He believed tho failure in the wheat crops had been much exaggerated. He found that they who talked moat about the failure were large holders of cereals. He hoped the public would wait before determining w hat was to be done, lest their talk should lead to the impor tation of foreign supplies. He believed too great prominence had been given to the failure of the crops. He knew they were very short in Borne districts; but they should bear in mind than an ptra breadth of land had been sown, ud the burest wendd be turn than was Bwtjsw| ' their own consumption, and they would have stocks for eipott. fie would vote for the previous QUThe°Hon. T. HOGARTH did not like to oppose the Bill; but he could not see that the expenditure \- would be for the good of the coony generally. He ?' had understood that they could get line* ef rail way for about £2.000 per mile, and now he feund they would cost £4.000 vet mile, and therefore they would only get half the distance made for their money. Locomotive power had not answered so far. Their existiug Iiue3 did not pay, and to expend money oa works which were not come to pay was perfectly absurd. He was afraid they had a hard season before them for the working classes. But he thought they might spend their money better than in these expensive works. Thefarmers should be assisted to sow their land this year. Roads were of no use unless they could get produce off the land. He would vote against the second The Hon. H. MILDRED would also vote against the Bill. He would clear up one matter with the Chief Secretary. He held in his hand a Bill for constructing a tramway between Strathalbyn and Middleton. Now he found that money was re quired for a railway costing £5.258 per mile. They expected a cbe3p tramway, and they now found an expensive railway. A change had come o er the spirit of their dream. He complained that while a Bill had been brought before .them for a tramway, money was required for a railway. He knew the difference between a railway and a tram way. For the North line he found an additional number of third classes were provided for; also 100 extra wagons and some tM tona of iron rails, with 15.010 new sleepers. He thought they should try to do without these things at present, as there was k. no such pressing demand as to justify the expendi I tute of so large a sum at present. That was not the tune to squander large sums which might wait for another year. A sum of £7,000 was required for shifting the good she«l. Only a few years ago there were strong reiuonstane.es against placing the shed on its present site, and now it was to Le removed at a large expense. The best way would be to reject the BUI, aud allow separate Bills to be brought up. The Hon. W. PARKIN remarked that so much had been said upon the subject that it was not necessary that he should occupy much time in ad dressing the Council. He wished the Hon. Chief Secretary had consented to withdraw the Bill; but, as he had not done so, he felt himself placed m the position as that referred to by the Hon. Air. Barrow. He could not stultify himself by voting differently to what he did on a former occasion. If he were to go into the whole merits of the aise, it would take up a great deal of the time of the Council to iitlle purpose. The Hon. Chief becre tary had ottered him a bolus which he was not in clined to swallow. He hoped every hon. member wouM (,'ive an independent vote. (Hear) But they were asked by this Bill to voteiMll.OOim one lump sum, and he regarded that as bll.OOO reasons why he should not hastily give his assent to a Bill of such immense importance. He ques tioned if any individual member felt more deeply thin he did any distress which might exist amongst the people, or who would be more ready to alleviate the sufferings of the industrious working classes; but they must not be bamboozled with the idea that this colony was labouring under a load of poverty which nothing but the passing of that Bill would remove. For supposing it to pass how much of that £811,000 would be actually laid out in labour after sen iiug for rolling-stock and other materials from England? And then it should be remembered that the loans to be raised under the provisions of the Bill would involve an additional burden of iMSUOO. to be annually paid a- interest. With such a heavy national debt, it was not to be wondered at that many moneyed persons should be so inclined to leave the colony. Uut he heard a whisper from the Hon. Chief Secre tary, saying. 'I shall leave if you do not pa-a the Bill.' Well, what a fearful evil that would be! He was terrified at the idea of the immense loss it would be to the country. He was consoled, how ever, with the reflection that the case would not be irreparable. Another Chief Secretary could no doubt be found. ' A breath can make them, as a breath has made. There never was an instance in any country of one great mind falling but Providence raised up another in his plat-.-. With respect to the proposal to increase so enormously their bonded debt, it should be remembered that though the national debt of England was £S00.00»».(WO, it was due to their own people, and they could well endure it ; but when the colony borrowed money where did they go for it? That was a fearful thing to look at, and he regarded the Bill in a very serioui light. If it had been brought in earlier in the session it would have been a very different thing: but now unless they passed it the consequences would bt lamentable to think of, unless the Hon. Chiel Secretary, who should have taken care to hav- brought the Bill forward at an earlier period o the session, could devise the means of relievinj them of the difficulty. He did not object tc borrowing money for public works, but he die object to borrowing extravagantly, and for tin construction of expensive works not adapted to thi requirements of the colony. They did not wan expensive railways which might cost them fron £4,0W- to £5,(J0o a mile, but such that could b constructed for JE2.0CU to £2,SO0 a mile would bi sufficient for all the requirements of the colony Neither did th»y want expensive rolling-stock nor a set of officials who, whilst they drew thei salaries, had not sufficient energy to wort. The; di I not want to make their railways a nursery fo incapab'es. They wanted railways constructed ii a simple and economical manner, and which woul yield a return proportionate to the amount c capital expended upon them with something t spare in the shape of profit. The Hon. Chic Secretary had placed the Council in a difficult) and they would throw upon him the responsibilit anil the onus of netting them out of it again. The lion. Captain BAUOT would not have asai spoken on the subject before them if the Hon Chief Secretary had not represented him as bavin been opposed at all times to borrowing n.onei He was not opposed to borrowing money last ye: f.^rtha f*iiMctfiii-fimi nf milivnvs hilt it was wit the distinct understanding that the amounts would be expended on cheap tramways, and that the sums voted for such purposes would not lie ex ceeded ; and it was because this principle had been departed froui-it was because the Engineerin Chief had substituted expensive railways for cheap ones— that he was opposed to the present Bill, and he only regretted that hi3 hon. friend, instead of moving the previous question, had not moved that the Bill be read a second time that day six months. (Hear, hear.) It would have been more advisable to have done so in consideration of the statements they had heard respecting the state of the finances of the count.-}-, showing that they could not borrow any more money without the certainty of their beiiuc compelled to borrow again to pay the interest. It was this consideration which caused him to look with alarm unon the prospect before them, arising out of the determi nation to continue borrowing to such an extrava gant extent. It would have been a wise thing to have thrown out this Bill, and thereby to have shown the country that they had no sympathy with those who would plunge them hopelessly in debt. It would, as he had said, compel iheni to borrow still further to pay off the interest, and that was a system which sooner or later would bring any country to utter ruin. He was sorry to hear the Hon. Chief Secretary use a threat to the Council by asking what would be the consequences to the lalwuriug population in the event of this Bill not becoming law. Why, could the Hon. Chief Secretary say what country could ever exist that wa3 obliged to borrow money to con struct unproductive works for the mere pur pose of employing labour ? And yet that was what was now proposed, for there \ya3 no public work ever yet undertaken in this colony that had been of a remunerative cha racter. Look, for instance, at the existing railways. It would be seen from the Estimates for 1S68 that the sum put down for their maintenance was over £1,000 a mile. In England the amount ex pended in the maintenance of the Great North Western line list year was but £440 a mile, though something like a thousand trains per day ran upon it, whilst there were but six or eight upon our own. Then, again, upon the Lancashire and Yorkshire line there were some 600 trains running, whilst the cest of maintenance was but £390 a year. The consequence of the excessive expenditure upon our railways must ultimately lead the country into a Btate of bankruptcy; and he should there fore for the reasons stated feel bound to vote nn-iinut thu spmml rwulinir of the Bill. The CHIEF SECKETAKY (lion. a. Ayersj replied. He could not understand how the Hon. Captain Bagot could construe into a threat the statement he made respecting the necessity of providing employment for those who might re quire it. If every statement as to the conse quences which would result from the adoption or rejection of particular measures were to be tor tured into a threat, he would like to know how any man could address the Council at all. The Council had by its own deliberate votes solemnly assented to seven-eighths of the amount proposed to be raised by this Bill, and now he had simply argued that it was an additional inducement to pass the Bill that labour would be plentiful, and the rail way woikj would give employment to the people. That was the simple fact, and hon. members must not seek to put upon his shoulders the responsi bility of their own actions. He admired the Hon. Captain Bagofs suggestion that the amend ment should have been that the Bill should be read a second time that day six months. Tliat would have been an honourable and (iignifcd mode of procedure; but this was the second time the previous question had been moved, and it was argued that unless those hon. members whs voted for that amendment on a former occasion did so again they would be -.,..w;fi-iM-r thomcplvp* Rut thev would be doing nothing of the sort. That amendment was carneu on the previous occasion in order to give hon. members further time for giving the Bill a calm and careful consideration. And at that time he | assured the Council of his intention to bring it before them again, but he could not make the same promise now. There must be an end or such a course. The Hon. Mr. Elder hail said that the Government might introduce seven other Bills in place of this; but that hon. member, who was averse to borrowing at all, would not vote for one of such Bills. He would state, however, that the only members of the Council who had consistent oDDOsed the Bill were the Hon. Captain Bagot and feutof^MElg1 tfg invaded by this BilC though he had not asked the opinion of the Hon. President upon the subject. It should be remembered, how era, that the other House had its P»«»lems »!»£ and that, whilst he was bound to uphold 1 the privileges of the Council, he was also bound to support those of the House of Assembly. And it he were to withdraw this Bill and introduce seven others in its place, tie knew very well what woiua beta fate. He could not withdraw it, and would not If the Council rejected it. the responsibibty must rest with them, lie had brought it forward three times for consideration, and could not promise to introduce it again if the amendment should be carried; for there must be a limit to hn endurance even in such matters. Ihe Han. Captain Bagot had asked who had ever heard of a count/y borrowing money for the purpose of relieving the'disfress of the working chases. Why, the British Government had frequently dope u u in the Teases of the distress m Ireland ^ caused by the potato disease, the relief of the Lancashire weavers! andother instances. There : were plenty of instancs of the kind which might be adduced if the hon. member required precedents, but it was unnecessary. Hon. members must take the responsibility of rejecting or accenting tae Bill. \- They could not, as the Hon. Mr. JHderhad sup posed, wash their hands of the responsibility, but they must take the consequence of their own acts. The PRESIDENT put the amendment in tnt usual form, 'That this Question be now put, anu declared in favour of the Noes. , The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ajersj called lot a division, which resulted as follows :— ' AJ^S-Hon.Mesra. Barrow, EDghihtEverani, Morgan, Peacock. Solomon, Tuxf ord, and the Chief Secretary (teller). r __ , Noes, 8— Hon. Captain Bagot, Messrs. Baker. Crozier, Elder. Hogarth, Mildred, Parkin, and 'The votes being' equal, the PRESIDENT gave his casting-vote with the Ayes. The original motion was then put ana carried, and the Bill was read a second time. In Committee. The several clauses of the Bill, with the schedule and preamble, were passed as printed. The Council resumed, anu the report having been brought up and adopted, the motion that the Bill be read a third time was declared to have been carried. The Hon. J. BAKER called for a division. The result was as follows:— Ayes, 9— Hon. Messrs. J. T. Bagot, Barrow, English, Everard, Morgan, Peacock, Solomon, Tuxf ord, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Noes. 3— Hon. Messrs. Elder, Mildred, and Baker (teller). Mijoritv of 6 for the Ayes. The Bill was accordingly read a third time and passed. WATERWORKS MANAGEMENT. The Hon. J. T. BAGOT, as Chairman of the Select Committee on Waterworks Management, applied for and obtained an extension of time till the nest day for bringing up the report. APPP.OPKIATION BILL. Read a third time and passed. PUBLIC WORKS LOAN BILL. At the suggestion of the Hon. J. BAKER, the third reading of this Bill was adjourned till the next day. PASTORAL CLAIMS REMISSION BILL. This Bill was received from the House of Assembly by message, and read a first time. The second reading was made an Order for the next day. Adjourned x'. 20 minutes to 5 o'clock till the next day. ? 