TI I GIIOST OF --- 'hA.,L. DY MARY PULLIJiYN?. [The following story is slightly abridged from Once aWeok, where it is described as "por poetly trno, and the facts, as simply related, hap. poeneod not many years ago at the residenco of one of the oldest IlomanCatholic families in England,"] MounJ, than twenty years nao, I, when a girl of eighteen summers, was invited to spond a conupl of months, during the shooting sonson in Lincolnshiro. My cousin and dear friend Alice had not lon' been married to the young' squire of C - Hull; and the nowly wedded pair had invited a number of their Itlends and relatives to enjoy the pleasures of a country life with them, and to help to keep up the ancient hospitality for which the liunily of Clairhault wore so renowned, 'The house, an old baronial mansion, was situated in one of the most beautiful parts of Lincolnshire, where through wood and wold and fun the lands swept over hill and doll down to the borders of' the sea, * * * * * C- IIll stood in its lonely pride, fit residence for its proud and haughty ownors a relic of by-gone days, on a gontle ominence facing the sea; but some miles of country intervened between the house and the coast, and the cold brooeezeo of the northern ocean passed over the forest trees, and gently bent the undulating fiohelds of corn before it stirred the time-worn banner that floated proudly from the grey battlements of C 0- alll. The autumn sun was falling aslant the mullioned windows, and tinging the gables with its golden beams, when I drove up the long' avenue of chestnuts that led to the house ; and I thought I had never soon a more beautiful picture, or one that more complotely realised my ideas of what on old-fashioned residence ought to be than that which was now before me. $ * $ * * If I had boon delig'hted with the outside, how can I describe my -oelings when I entered the Ihdll from oaken rafters of which depended flags of all colours and agos-somo torn and worn, some carofully preserved ? Two large figures of men in armour stood in solemn state on either side the door, while on the walls hung different portions of armour and trophies taken in various battles. I gazed in rapture at overything; the dining-hall, with its raised dais and its grim portraits of innumerable ancestors; the quaint old-fashioned drawing-rooms, with alcove and recesses and most inmystorious-looking' cabinets. The library was illed from floor to coiling with the ch oicest literature, from heavy look ing folios, that it would have required stronger arms than mine to have reached from their place, to the lightost, most delicately-bound volume that over found its way into a lady's boudoir. "This shall be my abode," I mentally resolved; "Ihero I shall be able to indulge to the full my tasto for reading, pillowed in one of those odd-looking' arm-olhairs, with no one for my comipanions save those queer philoso phical old charactors that look so sternly down upon one from their lofty position on the shelves. .I shall be able to spend many an hour, when mny cousin is onga'ed or driving out with her frioids." And while I was thinking this we came upon ou1r party of fieionds--fair ladies and brave gentlemeon, who had just returned from their morning ride, 'hie one who impressed me most was a grave, quiet looking man, in a block dress, in whom I instantly recognisetl Father Paul, the respected chaplain of the house, and of whom I had heard much from my cousin Alice. I was received with kindness by all, compli mentod on my good looks and niy likeness to the beautiful bride, and then led ofrin triumph by the blushing Alice to the lovely little boudoir which she had preparpared r my especial use. * $ * * * We talked like the couple of school girls we were till till the shadows fell upon111011 the old all, and the growing twilight warned us it was approaching dinner timen. Alice flow away to dress; I had coml)pletced nmy toilette an hour boforeo, 'lhe first bhll rang, and I thlought I would go down to the library, and select a book with which to wilo away the time, for 1 tdidl not care to enter thile drawn' room bafotro dinner was annunccd. The sun had set an 1hour or two, a1t I know it would be almost dark in tlhe library, but I had so especilally notted the lshelf on which ly somen books I was anxious to road, that I fielt sure I could have laid my hands upon tllheml in the darck. SIt was getting late in the attunl, whlln tile nights and mornings are chilly and coldl, and fthel wlindt sighed and whisthltld as I flitted thlrorugh thme corridtors, andl my whiite muslion, dress filt almost tro thin ftr the season. The long branches of the cledars waved up antd eartldy silhadows across the oaken floor. I cold scarcely help shiverilg as I lmurried on to the librl 'y, fecling I should be glad to got back again to my v warm, well-lighted . ~bed- room, and to the more inhabited side of ,TO HOUSe. VYOtio I. i ntuirun mu oiUL-1tr, tLo was, as I had expected, steeped to some extent 1 in gloom. The light came dimly through the heavy mullioned windows, and thle air struck S cold and damp as that of a churchyard ; but I not beingp at all superstitious, I hastened across to whore I had seen the particular volume I wished to obtain. As I advanced r into the room, however, I could not help giving a little start of surprise when I foiund I wis not its only occupantt. Seated in one of theo quaint arm-chairs near the firo-place, with his back to the light, was 1 a little old man dressed in black, with a white neckcloth and knee-breoches, and shoes with f largo silver buckles, such as I had heard my mot her say wore worn many years befobro I ' was born. His lhco was grave, venerable, r and dignified, and as I passed him bowing slightly, lie fixed upon me a pair of mild look ing blue eyes, with a mingled glanco of 1 anxiety and interest, I I wonder why hoe does not speak, was my 1 first thought; andl what can lie bhe doing there I by himself in the dark ? Then I mounted up I two or throe stops of a ladder-that was placed I in front of the siholf I wanted, and commenced assiduously looking amongst the books. Though my back was towards him I felt instinctively that tlhe old man was watching my every movement; and it was with a slight fooling of annoyance that I descended the ladder after securiing the work I desired. I endeavoured to show by my cold and i studied bow that I resented his scrutiny ; but 1 it was totally lost on my companion, for if lie noticed it, ho made no remark, though as I wont out of the room I. fhncied I heard him sigh. i" What. a queer individual lie is I" I thought i when I reg'ained my room, and settled myself comfobrtably' down to road; " whoer ecan Alice have picked him up ? is lie one of her guests, or is lie the librarian ? No, lie cannot be that, or lie would have offered to got my book for me. Some crusty old bachelor, or'stupid i philosopher, who profors his own thoughts to eheerfli society, I suppose. Well, I hope I shall not be near him at dinner," But when dinner time came I looked in vain for my friend of the library; lie never made his appearance, and tlhe lively conversa tion of my next neighbour, soon drove all remembrance of him out of my head. If I thought about him at all, I concluded Alice had some very good reason for keeping him out of sight, and I did not wonder at it. Thie next morning was a lovely one, and we all woent to the "meet" to see the hounds throw-off; that and luncheon occupied us the best part of the day, and it was not till I went again to dress for dinnnr that I recollected my book, and the mysterious old man of the library. ( I have never seen him all day," I thought, as I hastily skimmed over the pages. " I wonder if lihe always sits in the library, and if lie is there now ?" and finding there was yet half an hour bofore I need appear, I resolved, impelled by a curiosity I could not resist, to go and chango my book. Sure enough there lie was, his large, melan choly blue eyos fixed full on my face directly I entered. I did not like it at all: lie seemed as if lie were placed there to watch all who came in and out; and considerably nettled at his want of courtesy, I bowed stilf more stiffly than on the previous evening, and hastened to net my book. I inherited all the pride of my anmily, and it vexed me to think that I, a Clyffard of Clyffard, should be slighted by any 'being of the opposite sex. So, with my head in the air, I marched out with my prize. Was it fancy, or was it the wind, that again made me think I heard a sigh as I drow the train of my dress through tle door ? When I roturned to my room I could not read, fobr the face of that old man haunted me. I regretted now my incivility, and wished I lihad spokon, though it wero but "good evening'." After all, an'o was to be respected. I was but a girl, aUd his hair was g'ry. I have boon rndo to the patriarch, and will apologise to him next time.. I will ask Alice who lie is at dinner. And so I did. I happened to be sitting' near my cousin, and when the doessert was placod on the table, and every ono was laughing and talking, I turned to her suddenly and said "Alice, what is the namo of that strange old man who sits in the library ? And why does lihe not come in hero ?" To my .surpriso she turned as whito as a shoot; and without replying to me ox olaimed " Oil, Maurico, she has soon It I" " It," not him / " It /-What ?" inquired her husband, raising Ils eyes from the apple lohe was peel Why, iie hi7ost I-the old man of the library,' faltered. poor Alice, her lips quiver ing' with fear. " Ohi, is that all ?" laug'hod Maurice;" there is nothing tobe alarmed at, dec Alice. The ghost is a very harmless one." "But," interrupted I, trembling myself with fright, "is it really a ghost ?" "Really and truly, Lucy," said Maurice, gravoly;' that much I will vouch for, tlhough I lhave never soon it myself. It nearly fright ened poor Alico into fits the first night of our arrival; but it sometimes does not appear more than once a year, and then generally to some fresh visitor at the hall." All the guests now turned towards our end of tihe table, and I found myself the principal ob.ject of attraction. " Ohi, do tell us, Miss Clyffard ! What was It like ?-what did It say ?-what did you do?" and a hundred other such questions came rushing one after another. I told my story, to which they all listened with interest and attention, and then Maurice said " Ladies and geontlemen, the tale you have heard is no fiction; that is our faimily ghost- no famnily is complete without one-and for more than a century that little old man hlias been seeoon at dillerent times in the library. I B3ut, as .1 said beforo, hlie is perfectly harmless; hlie never appears more than twice to the samo Sperson-never, after they have once discovered lie is a ghost. IHo is g'enerally supposed to 1 b)e some old ancestor, wliose passion for books > took the place of better things in this lifeb, and Swho has been condemned after death to visit Shis former haunts. Don't be frightened, SLucy, you will never see him again." " lias any one ever spoken to him ?" asked Sthe (pquiet voice of Father Paul. SNot that I am aware of, Revereind Father," I replied the young squire. " People have Seither seemain to frightened, or have taken no . notice, as was the case with Lucy." I Father Paul sate silent tbfor a few minutes, i and then said gravely " It is always believed that spirits from the Sother world cannot speak uniless they are Sspoken to." I "Then I vote that we all go in a body, and f beg this respectable old soul to toll us what ioe wants," erica tilo ciicry voico 01 yaptain Vavasour. "I, for one, don't belieovoe in ghosts; not that I doubt Miss Clyffard's story," bowing to meo; "but I think there must be some delusion. What say you, Clairhault ?-who follows 1110me ?" And, suiting the action to the wowl, lie .armod himself with a poker and a candle, and I advanced towards thoe door. Some of the women screamed faintly, nnd t cowered behind each other as though they a oxpectod tlhe ghost to appear; but Maurice laughed as he said "Go, if you like; but I don't think you'll l find the ghost." " Neither do I," cried Colonel Crawford; "I should like to see the ghost who would appear to me." - C " Anyhow we will try," said Capt.Vavasour. i And the whole party issued out into the r hall, and thonce down the corridor to the library. The men went first, of course, while we poor women followed trembling', none of us liling to 'be loft in tlhe dining-room nlono. and resolved to face the ghost rather than the company of our own sex. _1Mnurice opened the door, but, as lie had prophesied, no ghost was there, and we made our way back to the drawing room, after vainly searching in every nook and corner for the old man who lhad frightened me. When we got back angnin I was assailed by questions. I told them all over ng'ain he was a little old man, with a white neckcloth such as was worn by gentlemen fifty years ago, and that lie wore black knee breeches and silver buckles. * s * * * * *. ".One tiing strikes me as singular," said Father Paul, " and that is, no one has over 1 spoken to it. Such a harmless old man as Miss Clyfthrd describes, cannot be likely to inspire fear; and even were it twice as terrible," added he, smiling', "I should not feel afiraid to meIt it. 'oll me the exact. time you saw it, Miss Clyflhrd, and to-morrow evening I will go alone to the library." "It was about half-past six,dis nearly as I can remember," I said. "Then," returned .Father Paul, "I will go by my myself to- morrow evening at half-past six, and see if I cannot arrive at some solution of this mystery." The evening passed away in discussion about the ghost: the men affecting disbelief, and thle women every now and then giving nervous little starts of fright. Next day Father Paul looked earnest and grave, but did not speak on the subject: and it was not till the shadows descended on C Hall and our party was again assembled in tlie drawing-room, that we missed the good priest from our number. When we did so, everyone's thoughts reverted instantaneously to the glhost. I could not help noticing that the women crept closer to their male companions, and that the opening or shutting of a door gave occasion for many a fair hand to be nervously clasped on a manly arm, which confidence was res ponded to by many a reassuring pressure on the other side. Seven o'clock-half-past; an hour had past, and yet the good priest remained absent. " What can have happened ?" "Where can he be ?"-wore questions constantly asked. Eight o'clock was the dinner hour, and ns the clock chimed the threeo-quarters Maurice turned to his wife and sanid-" I think, my love, I will go to the library; perhaps the good Father has forgotten the time." Some of the gentlemen oflbred to accom pany him, but Maurico declined, laughing; and lie was advancing towards the door when it suddenly opened, and Father Paul appeared. " Oil, 1ather Paul, did you see it ? Did it speak to you ? What did it say ?-were questions that poured out as wo crowded ,round him. The good priest smiled at our eag'erness and impetuosity. %' Yes, I have seen it, and I spoke to it, and it spoke to me," lie replied; '" and if you will ngive me time I will toll you what it said. * l* Thero is not much to tell, and of that much I may not reveal nil : suffice it lie will never appear any more ! and as a proof he has left me this"-holding up as hlie spoke a folded paper, which was yellow and dingy with time, and looked liko an old worn letter. " Gave you that I Oh, what is it ?" " I did not say the ghost gave if me," replied Father Paul; " but hlie told mo where to find it, and it is a general confession /" "A general confession !" "Yes, a general confession. The story is simply this :-The ghost you saw was the spirit of Father Austin, an old priest who a hundred years ago was the spiritual adviser and friend of this house. You, MIr. Clair hault, no (doubt, have read in the annals of your family an account of him, and of his sudden death. It seems that on the day of his deatlh, a fair scion of Clairhault came to him in the chapel, and was closeted with him for some time min the confessional. On leaving him she placed in his ihands this paper, containing tlihe general confession she had previously made, and which she gave him to destroy. . . " lie put it in hIs breviary, intending to burn it when lie returned to his room; but Almighty God saw fit to call his servant to him before hle left the chapel, and lie fell dead at the very steps of the altar. You, Mr. Clairhliault, will recollect hearing how he was found dead in the sanctuary. " This breviary was placed witli his other books on one of the highest shelves in the library, where it remained from that day to this; but tlheo spirit of the poor father has at times haunted the spot, in the hope that even tually some one would slpeak to him to whom lie could reveal the secret of the manuscript, and who would strictly obey the wishes of the penitent, and complete what lie was not able to do. " Under God's providence I have been the one destined to fulfil his desire, and to preserve inviolate the sacredness of the confessional; and thus, in the presence of you all, do I publicly obey his injunctions, and set his troubled spirit free." Saying which Father Paul advanced to the firoplace, and thrust the foldod paper into the very heart of the blazing coals. In silence and wonder we watched the paper cruiimple up and burn till it was at last all consumed. Astonishment held our tongues, but I could not avoid a start when, as the last blue flame fbded away in smoko, I heard, or tin?ciod I heard, close beside me, a sigh similar to that I had heard in tlhe library. When we had partially recovered from our surprise, wo overpowered Father Paul with questions: but hlie positively refused to satisfy us fiurtlier, nor could we obtain another word fiom hIis lips. Nothing could ever induce him to say what passed bhotwoon lhimi and tihe ghost; but sinceo that evoentful night the library has never beon troubled with supor natural apparitions, nor lihas any one seen again the (Ghost of C-- Hall. 