PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, AUGUST 13. THE SPEAKER took the chair at twenty five minutes past 3. MESSAGE. The SPEAKER reported to the House that he had received a message from the Legislative Council, to the following effect That the Hon. the President, the Hon. St. G. R.-Gore, and the Hon. E. I C. Browne were appointed members of the Joint Library Committee that the Hon. the President, the Hon. St. G. R. Gore, and the Hon. D. F. Roberts had been appointed members of the Joint Refreshment Rooms Committee that the Hon. the President, the Hon. St. G. R. Gore, and the Hon. G. Harris had been appointed members of the Joint Parliamentary Buildings Committee; that the Council requested the Legislative Assembly to nominate the same number of members of their House to act in the above committees. COMMITTEES. Mr. MACALISTER said that in order to give effect to the message from the Legislative Council he would move, without notice,-" That the Hon. the Speaker, the Hon. J. P. Bell, and Mr. Pugh, be appointed members of the Joint Library Committee; that the Hon. the Speaker, the Hon. T. B. Stephens, and Mr. Pugh be appointed members of the Joint Refreshment Rooms Committee, and also of the Joint Parliamentary Buildings Committee." The question was put and passed. PAPERS. Mr. MACALISTER laid upon the table of the House a report of the Superintendent of Electric Telegraphs on the condition of his department. The paper was ordered to be printed. Mr. STEPHENS laid upon the table of the House return showing the districts from which the Consolidated Revenue of Queensland for the year 1866 had been received. The papers were ordered to be printed. Mr. PUGH asked the Colonial Treasurer, without notice Whether the return showing the expenditure in each district would also be laid upon the table of the House ? Mr. STEPHENS said the hon. member had better give notice of motion in the usual way, as he (Mr. Stephens) could not otherwise answer the question satisfactorily. LAND ORDERS. - Mr. O'SULLIVAN asked the Colonial Troa surer, If the Government would be good enough to lay on the table of this House a statement showing the full (not the marketable value of all the non-transferable and un- available land orders now afloat, or in the colony, including separately those in the Treasury on which the Government have advanced small sums of money, and the amount so advanced ? Mr. STEPHENS said the total nominal value of all outstanding non-transferable land orders, on the 30th June, 1867, was £77,528. Of that amount land orders representing £52,776 were deposited with the Government, the sum of £10,555 having been advanced upon them under the provisions of the Immigration Act of 1864. WESTBROOK STATION. Mr. O'SULLIVAN asked the Secretary for Lands If there is any truth in the report that a gentleman has offered the Government £3000 per annum for a five years lease of the run known as Westbrook, situated on the Darling Downs, and which is now paying but a rental of £250 per annum? Mr. BELL replied that there was no truth in the report, and that he had the authority of the lessee of Westbrook to say that he was prepared to accept such an offer if made, and would pay a handsome commission to any one who would be the means of procuring it for him. PETITIONS. Mr. WALSH presented a petition from Mr. Michael Haynes, praying that an investigation might be made respecting his present position as a servant in the public service. He moved that the petition be received. Question put and passed. Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from residents in Rockhampton, praying that free selection might be proclaimed in the districts around that town. He moved that the petition be received. Question put and passed. DARLING DOWNS. Mr. LAMB asked the Minister for Lands, without notice Whether it was true that the Secretary for Works wrote to the Mayor of Warwick asking him whether his constituents were agreeable to the placing a portion of the lands on the Darling Downs in the London market for sale and if so, would the Government lay a copy of the letter on the table of the House ? Mr. BELL said he had no official knowledge of the letter alluded to by the hon. member, and therefore was not in a position to lay any letter on the subject before the House. CORRESPONDENCE. Dr. CHALLINOR asked the Colonial Secre- tary, Whether he would have any objection to lay upon the table of this House a copy of all correspondence between the late Treasurer, the Hon. Mr. Douglas, and the Government, connected with his resignation of that officer and his acceptance of the office of the Secretary for Works and also all correspondence, if any, in connection with the appointment of the Hon. T. B. Stephens to the office of Treasurer ? Mr. MACALISTER replied that there would be no objection to lay on the table of the House copies of all correspondence referring to the question, if any existed, but there was nothing whatever to produce. VALLEY OF LAGOONS. Mr. PALMER asked the Colonial Treasurer, Whether it was true that a sum of money amounting to £2000, or any other sum, had been taken by Executive Minute, or in any other way, from the amount voted for the Engineer of Northern Roads Department for 1867, for tho purpose of paying same to Scott Bros, and Co., or any other persons, for making a road from Cardwell to the Valley of Lagoons, or for any other purpose ? Mr. STEPHENS replied that provision was made on the Supplementary Estimates for 1865 for £2292, for formation of a settlement at Rockingham Bay, which sum was, in October, 1865, paid to Messrs. Scott, Dalrymple, and Co. The sum of £2786 Os. 9d., being an over expenditure in Northern districts in previous years, was charged against the vote for construction and maintenance of roads for 1867. By Executive Minute, dated July 24th last, provision was ordered to be made in the Supplementary Estimates for the current year of £3000, which more than replaces the amount absorbed. THE NARROWS. Mr. PALMER asked the Colonial Treasurer, Whether it is the intention of the Government, during the present session, to place any sum of money on the Estimates for the purpose of deepening the Narrows between Gladstone and Rockhampton ? Mr. STEPHENS replied, it was not intended to make provision for the improvement referred to during the present session. _ INSOLVENCY COURT AT ROOK- . HAMPTON. Mr. PALMER asked the Attorney-General, (1.) Whether it is the intention of the Government, during the present session, to make any provision for the establishment of a branch of the Insolvency Court, with a resident Judge, or Commissioner in Insolvency, at Rockhampton ? (2.) Whether it is the intention of the Government, during the present session, to make any provision for the establishment of a branch of the Treasury at Rockhampton. Mr. LILLEY replicó,(a.) Pending a general revision of the Insolvency Laws of the colony, and in view of the proposed reforms in the Legislation of Great Britain, it was not. An early opportunity would be taken next session to give increased facility to the administration of the law in that district. (2.) Not during this session. ASSESSMENT OF RUNS. Mr. FRANCIS asked the Secretary for Lands Whether he would state to the House -(1.) The method on which the re-assessment of runs in East and West Moreton and Darling Downs has been made. (2.) The number of assessors employed for this purpose. (3.) How and how much, they are paid for their services ? Mr. BELL replied: The method of assessing runs on the Darling Downs and Moreton districts is defined in the instructions to Assessing Commissioners published in the Government Get- issue of 27th December, 1865,- (2.) There are two assessors acting for the Crown, and a large number for the lessees, as each lessee appoints his own assessor. (3.) The Deputy-Surveyor General acts as assessor for the Crown in the Moreton districts, but does not receive any additional allowance for the service. The assessor for the Darling Downs is paid £100 per month, out of which he pays his assistants, and furnishes necessary equipments, ke. The assessors for the lessees are paid according to private arrangement, at rates ranging from £5 to £20 in each case, but not at the expense of the Government. MARYBOROUGH ELECTION. Mr. WALSH asked the Colonial Secretary (1.) Whether about the time of the Maryborough election, any complaints reached the Government that officials there were interfering in election matters ? (2.) If so, would the Government name the officers complained of the exact nature of their offences, and the names of their accusers P Mr. MACALISTER replied that a letter was, received from a person at Maryborough about the action referred to. The communication was a somewhat rambling one, general in its complaints, but which were principally against the police ; the name of the writer, Mr. Hutchins ;. no action was taken upon it beyond merely a caution, but it could scarcely be looked on as a complaint. FINANCIAL AGENT IN ENGLAND. Mr. WALSH asked the Colonial Treasurer, -Referring to questions on the subject, put on the 8th instant, would the Government etota the amount of money due to Mr. R. Or. W. Herbert, according to the engagement they have entered into with that gentleman's?- a Financial Agent in England ? ian, Mr. STEPHENS replied that the matter of not yet been determined on. The House would be asked to vote a sum which would be placed on the Supplementary Estimates for the current year. RESUMPTION OF DEBATE ON THE ADDRESS. Mr. PUGH said he believed it was in accordance with the ordinary practice that, as he had moved the adjournment of the debate on the last occasion, he should commence the debate that afternoon ; but he was quite prepared to give way to either any gentleman on the Treasury benches or any other hon. members who might wish to address the House, as he did not feel disposed to speak then. The SPEAKER said it was not at all necessary that the hon. member who mores the adjournment of a debate should commence it again. The rule was that when two members rose together to address the HOUSE, he should give the preference to the hon, member who had moved the adjournment. As no hon. member appeared desirous of speaking, The SPEAKER put the question to the House, when a Mr. GARRICK said he had to apologise to the Speaker for allowing him to road that very long amendment to the House, but he thought that some members on the Opposition or Treasury benches would have risen to address the House. He should not upon the present occasion Bay one single word about the policy of the Government, as declared in the Speech of His Excellency. He did not think it necessary to say a single word about that policy, for the simple reason that not a word of attack on it had come, so far as heard, from the Opposition benches. The Government had, according to custom, declared what their policy would be in the Speech of His Excellency the Governor. For his own part, he did not entirely agree with that policy, for it did not touch completely upon all the public questions of the day, and even upon those questions to which it had referred it did not touch so fully as perhaps it ought to have done. But on the main principles of that policy at the present moment he was prepared to concur, and as far a J the land question was concerned, he would give the Government his hearty support in endeavoring to carry their promised policy into legislation. So far as the amendment was concerned, he did not think it touched in the remotest degree upon the policy of the Government, but stated that the Executive action of the Government upon a particular matter was a sufficient ground for the House to withdraw that confidence which it must be supposed to have placed in them before. The language of the amendment he must certainly say was not very clear or very transparent, but giving it the most comprehensive meaning which could be applied to it, it seemed to him that the objection which the Opposition had to the Executive action of the Ministry consisted first, in the revival of the office of Minister for Works ; secondly, in the transference of the hon. member for Eastern Downs from the office of Treasurer to the office of Works, without sending him to his constituents and thirdly? that the number of Ministers in the House, when compared to the number of members, gave the Government an undue influence in the delibera- tions of the House and impaired legislation. He did not think there was any other ground whatever stated in the amendment as a charge against the Government. Certainly, the hon. and learned member for the Burnett (Mr. Pring) had gone into matters not contained in the amendment, but he (Mr. Garrick) did not think that the members of the Opposition, in making their charges against the Government at the present moment, ought to travel out of the four corners of the amendment. The matter mentioned in the amendment should alone be spoken of and voted upon. If he might be allowed a professional illustration, it would be as unfair to indict a man for libel, and to find him guilty of treason, as upon such an amendment to find the Government guilty of some matter not contained in it. For instance, some matter connected with the administration of the railway accounts. As to the first ground in the amend- ment viz., the revival of the office of Works, he had examined the correspondence as far as he was able to procure it, and it seemed to him that Mr. Watts resigned that office some time before the last session of the House. The hon. member at the head of the Government, when announcing that fact to the House, said that the Government did not contemplate at that time to appoint any one to that office. If they looked to the construction of the language of the hon. member, it seemed to him (Mr. Garrick) to mean that he would not appoint any person to the office of Minister for Works unless the executive business of the country positively required it. The hon. members of the Opposition had expended a considerable amount of eloquence and a considerable amount of wit upon the matter, but their remarks were based upon assumptions, and the only matter of evidence that had come before the House seemed to be in the state, of the hon. member at the head of the Govttw ment. If they considered the immense amount of money the colony expended in connection with railways, and how much of that money had been wasted from want of a vigilant supervision in its expenditure, and if they considered the good which Mr. Watts, the previous Minister for Works, was admitted on all sides of the House to have done when filling that office, and the sums of money he was admitted to have soyed, he (Mr. Garrick) thought they might fairly assume that the executive business of the country did require that the office of Minister for Works should he filled up. So that the office, as far as he was able to see, was not abolished, but the appointment simply left in abeyance, to be filled up if the business of the colony required it. Then, as to the second ground-that respecting the transference of the hon. member for Eastern Downs from the office of Treasurer to the office of Works- he thought, and he agreed with the hon. member at the head of the Government, that the hon. member for the Burnett (Mr. Mackenzie) had, by the admission which he had made, entirely taken the sting out of that part of his opposition. He had admitted that, supposing there was an actual Treasury and also on office of Works in existence, the Treasurer might be transferred to the Works without being sent back to his constituents. He thought that admission entirely took the sting out of the opposition of the hon. member. [Mr. MACKENZIE : I never said so.] Of course he spoke subject to correction, but he had taken the hon. mem- ber's words down, and that was what they amounted to Mr. MACKENZIE said he had said that if the office had been actually in existence, a trans ferencomighttakeplace, and had been done in the neighboring colony, but it would be a question then if that transference might not be incorrect. Mr. GARRICK resumed : That, taking even the qualified statement of the hon. member for the Burnett, he had admitted that he had said that if he did not concur in the transference of a Treasurer to the office of Works, that it was a question. If, then, it was a question on which a division of opinion existed, a question on which colonial politics supplied a precedent, surely the action of the hon. member at the head of the Government would not justify the House in withdrawing their confidence, or in asking him to retire from his position. It did not matter how the hon. member put it, it seemed to him that the issue would be just the same. Here was a constitutional question of a character so subtle that the hon. member for the Burnett (Mr. Mackenzie) admitted a doubt about it. The third matter contained in the amendment was, that the number of Ministers when compared to the number of members in the House, gave the Ministry an undue influence in the de- liberations of the House, and impaired legisla- tion. It appeared to him that that objection might be taken another time. When he remembered that the appointment of that office had received the sanction of the House in the session of 1866, when the salary attached to it was voted, when there were the same number of members in the House as at present, (said the same number of Ministers, he thought that that was the time to have considered the undue influence which a fifth Minister was likely to have upon the legislation of the House, and to have a objected to it. He thought that the hon. member who had framed the amendment, and those who had spoken to it, might have been the antidote to that poison. Hon. members might have referred to the third clause in the Speech, which alluded to the redistribution of seats, and might then have perceived that the influence of the Ministry might be reduced by increasing the number of members. For his own part he might say that, considering the population, wealth, and prosperity of the colony, the number of members at the present time was not sufficient. The constituency which he represented was entitled at the present time to five instead of two members, and the populous districts to the North were entitled to a larger number of representatives. The number of members in the House ought to be very considerably increased. If that course were adopted it became a question whether it would advisable to reduce the number of Ministers. Until the large sums of money which the Government were at the present time expending on railways were exhausted until the railway contracts were completed, surely they might re- tah! the office of Minister for Works. As soon AS those works were completed, they would only require engineering skill in the management of them, and then they might dispense with the Minister for Works, and again amalgamate the office of Lands and Works. He did not think there was anything in the amendment of sufficient importance to induce the House to withdraw their confidence from the Ministry, and the hon. and learned member for the Burnett dearly showed that he had been obliged to travel out of the grounds which had been stated in the _ amendment, to introduce other grounds into his speech for the purpose of influencing the House. In very vigorous language he described that the present head of the Government did not display sufficient courage in the crisis of 1866 to relieve the colony from the embarrassments under which it labored ¡"hut surely he ought to think, when making these charges, that although he might prove them, and might adduce that as a reason why the House should withdraw their confidence, yet he was giving good reasons at the same time why hon. members should not give their confidence to the hon. member for the Burnett (Mr. Mackenzie), who at that very time was a member of the Government of which the hon. member for Ipswich was the head. Again, when the hon. member introduced the question of railways, and spoke of the careless manner in which large sums of money were expended on those works, and of the large sums that had left the colony in the way of commission paid to Sir Charles Fox, he (Mr. Garrick) thought that the hon. gentleman should remember the railway scheme which he, when in the Government, had forced upon the country at a time when, at any rate financially speaking, the colony was unprepared for it. He and his colleagues had forced upon the country upon very poor data, upon the mere ipse dixit of one engineer, the adoption of a certain class of railway. One of the hon. members for the Burnett exhausted himself in the amendment, but the other (Mr. Pring) could not be exhausted by an amendment, but travelled into fresh fields. But when he spoke of the amount of money expended, he should remember that he was himself a member of the Government with the hon. gentleman who sat at the head of the present one, at the time very large sums of money were expended in connection with railways. He contended that the history of the blunders of the colony was in a great measure the history of both sides of the House. It was impossible for the hon. members of the Burnett to attack the leaders of the Government on any material point unless they included themselves in that very same crimnia tion. Instead of carrying on a war of re- crimination it would be better to be faithful and hopeful for the future. The Government were looking in the right direction, and had come down to the House with an electoral policy and a land policy, upon the principles of which the House at any rate could concur, and it would be better to trust to that than to an oracle that would not speak. Why did not the Opposition come down with their policy, and tell the House what their land policy and their electoral policy was _ What was the good of finessing upon some little matters of administration ? Until they spoke out, the House would listen to no dumb oracle. If the Opposition intended to attack the Government upon the railway accounts, why not ask for the accounts of the railway disbursements, and found upon that's substantive motion? He would ask the hon. members of the Opposition whether they had sufficient coercion among themselves to secure a strong and powerful Government ? He had noticed, in the debate, that the hon. member for Maryborough, in his restlessness, had appeared very anxious to go to the very front with the hon. and learned member the Rupert of debate, Mr. Pring,- but appeared to have a sort of idea in his mind that the other hon. member for the Burnet should be invalided. The hon. member from the far West- the Mitchell-had reminded him somewhat of the words of the old song, when he looked upon the hon. and learned member for the Burnett, " How happy could I be with either were t'other dear charmer away." The best place for" ripening for office was in the ranks of the Opposition, and he would advise them not to display that precipitancy for place which had justified the observation out of doors, " that the House was more like the lobby of a registry office than a Legislative Assembly." In the meantime, they might console themselves with the reflection that they stood next to the Government in what they held so dear-viz., honor and usefulness to the country. The Opposition had better occupy their present seats until they had sufficient firmness and strength among themselves to form a good Government. Mr. O'SULLIVAN said that as several hon. members representing populous districts had addressed the House, he, as the representative of a very large district possessing immense agricultural and mineral resources, might be expected to do so as well, and to give some reason TT he should, on the present occasion, support a MiniBbyju whom he had not any wonderful amount of confidence. "Free selection had been forced upon the people, and on the tide of free selection he had been flooded into the House. It was impossible for him to vote for the amendment on the present occasion, because he would be inconsistent if he did so. He agreed with the members of the Opposition that the Government had failed in all their schemes, but he could not exonerate some members of the Opposition from taking their share of the responsibility. He agreed with the last member who had just sat down, that both sides of the House had been pretty well tried and had failed, and that the next move on the card would be to call on the members on the cross benches to form a Ministry. It had been remarked in the course of the debate that there was not so great a demand for land at the present moment as there used to be some time ago, but such was not in reality the case. The reason people did not invest much at present was, because they expected a liberal land bill would be passed, whereby they would not only be able to get the land cheap, but also would be able to select it wherever they thought proper. That was the reason people were holding their money back. At the present time the land was put up in such immense blocks, that the poor man could not become a purchaser. He was surprised to hear suchan inconsistent assertion from so old and sensible a politician as that made by Mr. Mackenzie the other night, in reference to bushranging in New South Wales having been created by free selection, more especially when there were members present who knew as much about New South WOICB as he did himself. Did he not recollect Judge Therry getting bailed up by bushrangers, when going to the Bathurst bench thirty or forty years ago? So far from bushranging being the result of free selection, it existed before that was ever heard of, and in fact had existed almost since the first settlement of the colony. Another hon. member stated that the colony would not grow wheat. When he (Mr. O'Sullivan) was at Warwick some time ago, the then Mayor, Mr. M'Iver, who was since dead, showed him twelve acres of wheat, and he assured him that he took 600 bushels from that twelve acres. He also told him that this was not a solitary case, but that anywhere about Warwick and the Darling Downs where there was good land, and in good seasons, a similar return could be obtained. He (Mr. O'Sullivan) contended that if this was so, and he had no reason to doubt it, the land not only would grow wheat, but that half, and less than half of such a return would be a good crop, which would pay the grower. With regard to obtaining land under the present regulations, he certainly admitted that if the regulations had been carried out more liberally, they would have produced more satisfactory results. But he denied that they were sufficient to enable the man of small means to obtain possession of the land. Some years ago, in the district he now represented, he was at a land sale, when some land on a certain run there was put up, and he asked the lessee of the run to let him purchase one farm. He said no, he should not, as he intended to purchase the whole of it himself. He (Mr. O'Sullivan) said to himself that if he did so he should pay dear for it, and he actually run up some of the land as high as £6 per acre, but could not got it. How was it possible for the poor man to compete in the auction room against men like this, with a large money corporation at their backs. He knew a man at this very time, who resided in the same street he did himself, and had done so for the last four or five months, waiting with the money in his pocket to take up land if the Government passed this land bill. He had a family of four or five children and was paying rent for a house, when if he had the opportunity of going on to the land he would be away the next day. When the capitalist cams and elbowed the poor man out from obtaining land on which to settle and cultivate, it was time he should call out for free selection. As another instance of the inefficiency of the present regulations, he might mention that the lessees of the Franklin Vale run, who wore absentees, had openly declared that they would buy up every yard of it if it was put up for sale and what other remedy against them was there except free selection P The men of small means were compelled to advocate this system in self defence. If the large capitalist did not come into their own market, and force them out of it, they would not require free selection. Besides, after all, it was no new thing in this colony. The squatters had had free selection all along in their pre-emptive right. The people never went to com- pete with them in the exercise of that right. He had given his reasons for voting against the amendment. He had said that Ministers had failed in their immigration scheme, and they failed for this reason : when immigrants were coming into the colony by thousands, if the land had been thrown open to them to settle on they would never have left again. Men were now actually walking about with their non transferable land orders in their pockets, and actually starving with hunger. Some of them evaded the law by purchasing land with them in their own name, and then transferring it to others, thus involving double work in the Survey Office and the Land Office. He intended to bring in a motion to make those orders transferable. At the time the railway works were stopped there were thousands of navvys left the colony, and hundreds of thousands of pounds were taken away, because there were no inducements offered for the men to settle on the land. Why if such a thing had happened in America, the Government there would have founded a new State with the men and money which were driven away from home at that time. If there had been an active Government at the head of affairs in this colony at that time, what they would have done would have been to throw open the land, and then, instead of the men being banished from the colony, they would have settled down. It would havepaidthe Government better to give the men the land, and found them farming implements for nothing, than to have spent £12,000 or £13,000 on relief camps. The very fact of this breaking out of the navvy disturbance, and the men leaving the colony, first decided him in favor of free selection ; but he would hold free selection in a little with bridle, if possible. The squatting interest was an important one, and would remain so for many years to come, possibly as long as the the colony existed, and therefore he would not like to see anything done which would seriously endanger it. When the navvies commenced the disturbance all the Ministers ran out of the colony. There was only one left the present Secretary for Works. He did not know whether he was afraid or not he did not think he was afraid, but acted from the natural impulse of his heart; but at any rate, when the men had broken the law, he met them, took them to a public-house to dinner, and told them to go to work next day, and he would give them £1 per week, thus raising the rate of wages throughout the colony. He (Mr. O'Sullivan) did not intend to blame him now for what he did on that occasion, but he certainly thought it was playing with very dangerous tools. Mr. BELL said he did not extend such hospitality to the navvies at that time as the hon. member had alleged ; there was no dinner given. Mr. O'SULLIVAN said he saw the letter written by the hon. member telling the men to go up the line to a certain public-house, where they would get something to eat, and they would be set on to work at £1 per week. Mr. BELL said he certainly never wrote such a letter. , 7, Mr. O'SULLIVAN continued The immigra- tion this colony paid for was now scattered over the whole of the colonies of Australia, and he maintained that if the land was thrown open it would be the best immigration measure ever passed in these colonies, because it would attract not the poor and needy, and those who had no experience, but old colonists, possessing capital and experience, from all the other colonies. He had himself seen letters stating that such persons were waiting for the moment when free selection was passed, when they would come to the colony by hundreds. He was in favor of a division of the electorates, and it ought to have been done before. When he was a member of the House before, his opinion was that it ought to consist of forty- five members. If there was no alteration in the number of members when the Estimates came before the House, he should certainly vote against continuing the salary of a fifth Minister, be cause he hold that five Ministers in a House of ' only thirty-two members was an over proportion. Which of the Ministerial departments was abolished he did not care, so long as the number was reduced by one. He believed that East and West Moreton should be divided into smaller electorates. At the time he was in the House before there were 500 inhabitants in Dalby, and he then advocated that it should return a member. He thought it would be better to give borough members for these small towns such as Roma and Dalby. It was a shame at this moment to see a large town, like Rockhampton for instance, with only one member. It encouraged the idea among the people that southern influence was brought to bear amongst them. He could assure the members from the north that that whenever the question of northern interests came up, and they could show him fair and reasonable grounds for doing so, he would vote with them. With regard to the amendment of the electoral-roll, he might say that five years ago he begged that it should be burned. The learned and hon. member for the Burnett (Mr. Pring) found the roll very useful when he went up to Ipswich with Mr. Herbert. Personation was never heard of until then, and then it was carried on to a frightful extent. Persons appeared to vote on that occasion who had been so long dead that they did not know their own names they did not know whose sons they were. Some were as clean shaven as when they were first buried they had to go back to their adopted parents or guardians to ascertain what their names actually worse. There was a harbor at Ipswich at that time, a professor named Page, whom he was informed made a great deal of money that day by selling false whiskers. They had now been up to this day so long that they could work it to a hair and now Ministers found it worked against them as well as for them, they cried out that the Act wanted re- pealing. However, he would promise them, when the matter was brought before the House, to give them every assistance in his power to sweep the whole roll away, and make a new one. He used to be in favor of manhood suffrage ; he had, however, changed his mind on that point, and thought the present qualification was quite low enough. With regard to the native police, he had always been opposed to the way in which the system had been carried out, although he was never opposed to affording police protection to the outside settlers. From a return he held in his hand, he BOW there were about 112 native troopers employed, receiving about £30 per man per annum wages. These 112 men were governed by 46 officers, getting double the amount required to pay the whole of the men. This was an awful state of things. He had in his hand a report taken in 1861, from experienced men, on the question of police protection along the Border, in which it was proved that the country could be guarded and well protected for about £10,000 per annum, and now it cost about £30,000. If, instead of that sum, they could get it done for £10,000, he thought it highly desirable they should do so. Mr. BELL said he should not have risen to address the House at that time had it not been for some remarks made by the last speaker. That hon. member stated that the blame which had hitherto been attached to the Surveyor General for obstructing the working of the Land Act did not now, be found, belong to him, but the responsibility rested with the head of the department. He (Mr. Bell) was not aware that there was an impression abroad that any responsibility rested with anyone in that department except himself, and he took upon himself the whole of the responsibility, whether of the Surveyor-General's or any other subordinate office in the department, and he should have been very glad if the hon. member had given a more distinct statement of what had been done. Mr. O'SULLIVAN explained : A Mr. Welsby wrote down to the Surveyor-General for fifty acres of land, and to rent three times the amount contiguous to it, which the Act cor tainly allowed, and the Surveyor-General said he could not give the permission, as the power to do so rested entirely with the Secretary for Works. Mr. BELL continued : He should be glad to go fully into the subject which induced the Government to act in the way they had acted, but] of which he had no special knowledge but he was fully impressed with the belief that in no one instance had refusals been made, unless there was strong legal grounds for doing so. But the hon. gentleman went into another subject with reference to the navvies, and cast blame on the Government because they had not acted in a different manner towards them by settling them on the land. At that time there was no law in existence by which the Government could have done otherwise than they had done. If the Government had taken upon themselves to have acted in defiance of the law, hon. members on the other side of the House would have been the first to stop forward and denounce their proceedings. It was unreasonable to blame the Government for not doing what they would have laid themselves open to blame for doing. This debate had assumed lengthened proportions. Hon. members on the Opposition benches had made speeches long enough to have pointed out by argument the incapacity which the Ministry of the day had been guilty of, but they had totally failed to find such arguments as induced him to believe there was a fair and reasonable cause shown why the amendment should be carried. This debate had done more for it had given members opposite an opportunity of stating to the House and the country a policy which, if they desired to supersede the Ministry, they would propose to substitute for the one the Government had laid before the country. In that also he had failed to hear a strong and lucid statement from the long and studied speeches which had been delivered. He found hon. members opposite were wanting in any distinct policy on the land question. He heard from the hon. member for the Burnett (Mr. Pring) that he had a land policy, which he would not state to the House. His private opinion was that no policy existed on that side of the House with regard to the land, but was yet to be considered. He heard an expression of opinion from hon. members, which led him to believe that the most fatal objection existed to the carrying out of any land policy which would be acceptable to the country. He heard from the hon. member for the Burnett (Mr. Pring) that he believed the land law, as it now existed, if it had been well administered, would be sufficient for all purposes of the country for some years to come and he was surprised to hear similar sentiments from the hon. member for the Mitchell, who he thought would be able, from his previous experience, to throw some light on the subject. Would hon. members deny that in the absence of any new Land Bill, it was possible for any Government to prevent that monopoly of land which the public of this country most distinctly objected to One of the leading features of the land policy of the Government was to prevent the monopoly of land which was caused by the absence of conditions as to residence and cultivation. He maintained that the power of free selection given by the old Land Act, even when read with the Leasing Act, would not give sufficient powers of selection to suit the requirements of the country. He held that such a statement of opinions from hon. members on an important question was fatal to their position as aspirants to office that day. The hon. member for the Burnett objected to the action taken by the Government on two important points with reference to the administration of the land laws. He objected to their withdrawing of land which had once been proclaimed for sale on the Darling Downs, as an highly improper action on the part of the Government, because he held that the requirements of the Treasury were such that land could not be too quickly sold and he objected to the dismissal of the surveyors. The action of the Government was strictly consistent with the action they subsequently took namely, to propose a policy for free selection. It did not necessarily follow that those surveys should be lost. Nearly the whole of those surveys might be brought into useful purpose by the action of free selection. With respect to the stoppage of further surveys by the Government, the House would have had a right to complain if such a great expenditure had been allowed to go on in the face of a policy which did not require it. The Opposi- tion had not only endeavored to fix upon the Government every sin that it was possible for any Government to commit within the range of time they had been in office, but they had gone back to the time when members now in the Ministry were in the Opposition. The special imputation cast upon the present Government was that it was the OOUBO of the financial crisis, and the present stagnation in business. The colony had suffered from this cause in common with every other, but this was the only place where it had been charged to the fault of the Government. Objections had been made to the appointment of a Minister for Works, and that objection was grounded mainly on financial reasons. Hon. members must be fully aware that at that time the Government pointed out that very large savings had been made by the division of the Lands and Works Depart- ments. The full amount of the Minister's salary was not such an extravagant expenditure as those members desired the House to be here. A very large reduction, indeed, had been made, and hon. members were at that time satisfied that that was a strong reason why the appointment should be made and if it was so then, surely the circumstances of the country had not yet altered so much that railway works had so far advanced, and expenditure on railways so reduced, that no necessity existed for such a Minister. He maintained that there had not been a single reason given why the confidence of the House should be taken from the Government. The hon. member then at some length referred to the remarks made by Mr. Lamb on Thursday night with reference to the interference of the Government some years ago with the Civil servants at elections. He said such details wore small, and not worthy to be brought forward on such an occasion ; more especially as they referred to a Minister who was not now among them. No opportunity had been lost of diverting the attention of hon. members who had not yet made up their, minds as to how they should vote from the policy announced by the Government. Members on tho opposite side of the House, who were so anxious to get into office, had given hon. members, and especially the new members, to understand that the Government had not alone used great efforts to obtain votes in their favor on this occasion, but they had resorted to chicanery to obtain votes. Not only was such not the case, but he believed that not a single vote had been can passed by the Government. He made bold to say so, because he know that no such canvassing had taken place. The hon. member then referred to the personalities indulged in towards him by the hon. member for Maryborough with reference to the reserves on Cumkillenbar, and said as he had a explained the whole matter so recently in his speech on the hustings he would not inflict the explanation on members of that House again, unless a motion was made on the subject. He did not believe an adverse vote against the Government would be carried on the merely personal grounds which had been taken taken against the head of the Government, because hon. members who had so recently taken their seats would see that on so important an occasion it would not be proper for them to confine their decision to one of personal character. Mr. PUGH hoped hon. members would give him credit for having pursued an independent course during the time he had been a member of the House, and he intended to pursue such a course now, and vote against the amendment. He did so, recollecting what he was sent to that House for. The country was anxious that something should be done to remedy the present state of things. He took it that the country would not be satisfied if the new Parliament engaged in the game of who should go in, and who should go out. Ministers had not been fairly treated altogether in this debate. Of course they know that considerable latitude was allowed members on a motion such as the one before the House, and members had taken full advantage of it. They had travelled all over the world from China to Peru. They had had a debate of the land question, the Civil Service, finance, the railway policy, and goodness. only know what besides. He had never regretted, and never should regret the steps he took in proposing the resolution which was the immediate cause of the dissolution. A motion was placed on the paper by one of the then members for Brisbane, Mr. Brookes, declaring that it was undesirable that there should be five Ministers in the Government and if that motion had been brought on, he should most certainly have voted for it. He then commented at some length on the composition of the amendment, and said, to good it properly, one required to stand on his head. the objected to the Opposition going back to the acts of the first Parliament in order to find accusations against them. This was a new Parliament, and they had no right to discuss the proceedings of previous Parliaments except us matters of record. A good deal had been said about the financial state of the colony, in which they were all interested ; but if they went on at this rate they would be a long time before they had the financial statement of the Colonial Treasurer. A great deal of consigning had been attempted on the Colonial Treasurer, and the chief animosity of the Opposition seemed to be directed against the Colonial Secretary. He did not think the House ought to countenance that. He himself was very far from believing in everything the Colonial Treasurer did, and the whole of the Ministry were bound up together. If the present head of the Ministry had really committed such great political crimes, why did they not impeach him or, if they could not do that at once, let them bring in a bill giving the necessary powers. Something had been said with reference to the appointment of the present Secretary for Works. He should like to refer to it, because he held the same ground now with respect to it which he held at the time he moved the resolution namely, that the hon. member really resigned his office of Colonial Treasurer before he accepted the Works and the hon. member confirmed him in this by saying that he was sworn in at the same time as Mr. Stephens Mr. DOUGLAS explained : He was not sworn in again OF a member of the Executive Council, but simply as having accepted another office. Mr. MACKENZIE : " It's all the same.") Mr. PUGH resumed which office he then maintained was not in existence. As to the presence of a Minister for Works in the House, that might be a moot point, but he hoped the House would strongly resist the continuance of five Ministers. If there must be an amalgamation, why not amalgamate two of the other offices. The hon. member then referred to the inefficiency of the present land acts, and the necessity which existed for their immediate amendment ; also to the necessity of a reform in the present organization of the Native Police Force and concluded by condemning, in strong terms, the attempt to throw all the blame of mal-administration on Mr. Macalister, and thrust him from office. Mr. MILES commenced by saying that, as the question before the House had been gone into at such length, he should best consult the wishes of hon. members by being brief in his remarks. The first paragraph in His Excellency's speech was a formal one, and the second he thought everyone would Bgroj with. The third paragraph referred to the land question and the course to be taken thereon by the Government. Now, he thought the present was not the proper time to discuss that question. It had been before the country during the last two months, and almost every hon. member, at the hustings or elsewhere, and expressed his views upon it. The proper time to discuss it would be on the motion for the second reading of the Land Bill to be introduced by the Government. He would take that opportunity of stating that, whatever opinion he might hold upon it, he should reserve it till that occasion. He would merely affirm that he would throw no impediment in the way of the passing of any measure likely to settle the land. With regard to the fourth paragraph, all hon. members were agreed that they should have increased representation. He would, however, object to dealing with any such measure until a bill had been passed authorising the taking of a census. He should take Ipswich for precedence. That place was fast becoming depopulated. (Laughter.) He had no doubt that the hon. gentleman at the head of the Government would take the Registrar General's statistics OB the foundation of his bill. He (the speaker) know for a fact that people were leaving Ipswich daily and going to the west. It was unfair to pass a bill till they had data to go upon. He would not go upon population alone, but upon population and property combined and he would do his best to deal fairly with all classes of the community. With regard to the fifth paragraph, all hon. members were agreed that something should be done. He believed that the low as it now stood actually retarded the people from having their names placed upon the electoral-roll. In his own district he knew that that was the case. The latter "part of this paragraph he thought no one so able to deal with as the hon. gentleman at the head of the Government. If reports were true, that hon. gentleman know what personation was, and he (the speaker) had no doubt that he would show himself perfectly able to deal with it. If a bill were brought in to abolish the doctorates of West Moreton and Ipswich, he should be disposed to support it, in consequence of the large amount of corruption that existed there. The next paragraph proposed economy. Now he looked upon this paragraph with the greatest amount of suspicion. Had the Government proposed to reduce Ministers' salaries to £600 per annum, he would have had some faith in their professed desire for economy. A great deal was proposed in that paragraph which the Government never intended to carry out, and if they did, they would commit gross injustice. He had been informed that it was the intention of the Government to abolish the Western District Court. If such was a fact he should certainly recommend his constituents to go in for separation. Unless East and West Moreton and the Darling Downs were to be the colony of Queensland, it was quite time some altera- tion should be made. He disapproved of the proposal to abolish the Crown Lands Department, as it was almost entirely self-supporting, and he trusted that the Government, in deal ing with the question of retrenchment, would 1 act fairly. As to the amendment moved by the hon. member for the Burnett, he had no hesitation in stating that he should support it, because he believed that the present Government had failed to govern the colony as it ought to have been governed. They had failed in their land policy, in their immigration policy, in their financial policy, and, in fact, in everything they had undertaken. It was a matter of indifference to him who were in office and who were out of it. There was a strong feeling against the Northern members in the House. (No, no, and hear, hear.) The fact was that the Northern gold-fields were springing up into importance, and several hon. members were afraid that the seat of the Government would be removed up there. He would, however, wish to be guarded with reference to this amendment. He did not agree m censuring one member of the Government only, because, taking the members of the Government collectively, the Premier exercised the greatest influence over them. If, however, they were men of that stamp, they should not be there. With reference to a fifth Minister, he had not changed his views upon that question since he voted on it before. He found it a great difficulty in forming an opinion on any constitutional question, to find the Hon. the Attorney-General saying a thing was constitutional, and the hon. and learned member for the Burnett affirming it was not. The hon. gentleman who now hold the office of Minister for Works had told them that be sent in his resignation as Colonial TrooBuror because he disagreed with his colleagues on the immigration question, but he subsequently accepted office with them OF Minister for Works very gladly. Now how could that hon. gentleman agree with his colleagues as Minister for Works, but not as Colonial Treasurer ? It was utterly impossible for hon. members on his (the speaker's) side of the House to have any confidence in such a Government. Mr. Watts, who hold the office of Works before the present Ministry, had in- formed him (the speaker) that there was nothing to do in connection with it. He dare not, therefore, vote the salary for it. The Opposi- tion had been taunted with having no policy. Now all he could say was this-that whatever Government came into power that did not bring in a measure to settle the people upon the lands, he should never support it. It was absolutely necessary that something should be done to settle this question. The members for the Darling Downs had brought the colony into its present fix, and they should be made to pay for it. He might mention the Minister for Lands especially. If that hon. gentleman supposed when he voted those sums for the railways, that he would continue to hold ME runs, he was dreadfully mistaken. Every facility should be given for a settlement upon those lands in the Darling Downs district. The railways could not be expected to pay until a population was settled there, and, whatever Government went. in, he hoped, they would be prepared to deal with that as a settled question. (Hear, hear, from the Opposition Benches.) He was determined to vote against the Government, and whenever a motion to turn them out was brought forward, he should vote for it. Mr. ARCHER said that the debate had been carried on for some time, and it was not likely that a new member would be able to cast much new light upon its but, as the representative of the largest constituency in the colony returning only one member, he felt that he ought to stand up. Though sitting on the Opposition side of the House, he did not come there to support the squatting interest. He came there to support any law which might take the lands out of the hands of the few and give them to those who would occupy and improve them. Had he been in the House when it was first opened, he should have taken his seat upon the crosS benches, and he would then have been prepared to support either the Opposition or the Government, according as they shaped their measures. But, after reading the Vice-regal Speech, his mind had been at once made up, and he would tell the House why he took his seat on the Opposition benches. It must be the opinion of that House that there had been lately, and for some time past, a great deal of dissatisfac- tion in the Northern districts. Almost every paper published in the North-every speech delivered at a public meeting, and every action taken in the North, had expressed decided dissatisfaction with the Government. Now it was not his purpose to enter into the question as to whether this dissatisfaction was justified or not. At the proper time he should be prepared to show that the North had been badly used by the House. He considered that it was part of the policy of any Government to keep themselves informed of the state of feeling in the country generally. He did not say that they ought, to pay attention to every word spoken or written against them, but they ought to keep themselves informed of the general feeling of every part of the colony, and particularly to that important part lying to the north of the Calliope. No one could suppose that Rockhampton, with its rising population and increasing wealth, would be content to be ignored. Now it could hardly have failed to escape the notice of the Government that there had latterly been a strong feeling in the North in favor of separation and of provincial Governments. These questions were surely important enough to have taken up one small paragraph in the Vice-regal Speech for the purpose of of conciliating the north. He did think that it would have been worth while to have in one short paragraph mentioned that there was this dissatisfaction in the north, and to have advised the House to pass such measures as would conciliate that portion of the colony. Then there were the gold-fields. He was prepared to see something about them in the Vice-regal Speech, but when he saw that they, together with the dissatisfaction he had referred to, were utterly ignored in the Vice-regal Speech, and that nothing was said about giving increased representation to the north, he immediately walked over to the Opposition benches. He could not do his duty to the people he represented if he did not take steps to BLOW his disapproval of this attempt to ignore the north; but if he had been diiap pointed with the Vice-regal speech, he had been equally surprised at the way in which the Colonial Secretary had met the amendment before the House. That hon. gentleman had never said a single word on the merits of that question. It was perfectly apparent to that hon. gentleman that that amendment was pro- posed in order to give the Opposition an opportunity of stating their dissatisfaction with the previous conduct of the Government. Now there was not the slightest doubt that the Government were in communication with the mover and seconder of the address in reply. The advice of those hon, gentlemen had been simply this-to bury the hatchet. That was not the way in which the House ought to be addressed. The Ministry should at once admit that they had failed. They had gone to the country on a constitutional question and in- stead of calling upon the country to support them upon that point, they went before them with a Land Bill which nobody had heard of until a cry was necessary. He was perfectly willing to discuss any Land Bill which might come before the House. He was glad to hear the hon. member for West Moreton (Mr. O'Sullivan) refer to the American land system. Squatter, as he was, he would support any such system as that and he was exceedingly glad to hear that on this question he would have at least one hon. member with him. [Mr, O'SULLIVAN : You may be sure of that.] (Laughter.) But, in the Government Land Bill, not a single thing had been said about making the land a temptation to immigrants. It merely enunciated the stale principle of free selection, which, after all, had not worked particularly well elsewhere. The Colonial Secretary had not met the amend- meat on its merits. What he did do was to road over the names of the members who voted for the office of Minister for Works. But he (the speaker) maintained that hon. members were led into voting for that by the gorgeous speeches of the hon. gentleman at the bond of the Government and when time had falsified those bright speeches, it was not right to that hon. members for voting according to his representation. If he had been surprised at the way in which the Colonial Secretary had met the amendment, he had been no loss taken aback when the Minister for Works got up and got it. That hon. gentleman's way of meeting it was to ask what were a thousand pounds a year. If he could not have said anything better, he ought to have sat still. He (the speaker) would tell them what a thousand pounds was. It would pay the interest on a borrowed fifteen thousand. He questioned whether they would be able to meet the interest on the debt. The Colonial Secretary had said in his electioneering speech at Ipswich, " How could he be blamed for impoverishing the country ? He had never sent money out of the country, but had brought it here." Now, unless that hon. gentleman mount in this repudiation, what did he moon ? Either he has sent money out of the country, or he did not mean to pay the interest on the debentures. If the Ministry- had begun by cutting down their own salaries, they would have done right. The Minister for Lands had said that no one on the Opposition side of the House had spoken on the merits of the amend- meat. Now an amendment on an address was often made in England and elsewhere that members might have an opportunity of expressing their opinions on the Government of the country. That was why the present amendment had been introduced. He should state his opinions on the various subjects which had been touched upon when they came before the House in another form ; but he might state that he was perfectly willing to support a much more liberal land measure than the Government had yet introduced. The Minister for Lands had also asked them to vote for the amendment on its merits, and not on personal consideration. Now he (the speaker), for one, should be sorry to think that any one would vote on such considerations. He himself had no personal feeling at all. But, reviewing the whole history of Queensland, and judging the Ministry from what they had done, he do decidedly declined to trust the Ministry which had led a country, with such brilliant prospects as Queensland had into its present position. The hon. member for East Moreton (Mr. Gar rick) had said in his address that no attack had been made upon the Ministry by the Opposi- tion. Now he had already answered this, by stating that the amendment on an address, and the speech in support of it, implied directly want of confidence in the Government. But the most wonderful part of that hon. gentleman's address was where he stated that he him- self did not like the present Government. The best thing be could do was to show that by his vote. A great deal had been said of the new scheme for representation by southern members, and they appeared to think that the large southern electorates would be cut up into a great many small ones. He thought there were other things to be considered besides population in looking at the proposed plan for the redistribu- tion of electorates. So far as he was concerned he had no objection to a population basis, but he thought property as well as population ought to be considered. He had expressed that opinion publicly in the second town in the colony, and the first for commercial prosperity at the present time, and had still been returned to represent it. Before he sat down he should like to ask the House whether it was not worth while to conciliate such a district as the north ? Would it not be worth while to take into consideration the wish the north had expressed for the establishment of Provincial Councils P Sot no mention had been made of the north or northern interests in the Vice-regal speech, and there appeared little hope of the north ever being recognised. The only reason that the north had not yet applied with something more than words was the acknowledgment that they were living under a Government which was under the control of the Home Government, and the conviction that they could lay their grievances at the foot of the Throne and obtain redress. When questioned on the hustings as to whether he was in favor of separation, he said "No. He believed separation would be a great evil. But there was a limit to all forbearance, and nothing provoked mon so much as contempt, and that had been heaped upon the North. As a Northern member, he could not vote for a Ministry which had so persistently ignored the North. Dr. CHALLINOR said that although it might be to the interest of the country to leave the office of Works intact, and that it might perhaps be bot- ter to amalgamate any two offices of the moment rather than that, yet he could not help remembering that it was created for political purposes. He would like to know what apt tude the hon. member at the head of that department had shown for the management of its affairs, and if the condition of affairs on the Dalby line was an instance of his good management ? He agreed with the paragraph in His Excellency's speech which referred to the expected visit of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, and he had no doubt that the people of Queensland would accord him a hearty welcome, not only for his own sake, but also for that of his august mother, under whose gracious reign it was their happy privilege to live. He could not help highly commending the astuteness with which the Ministry in the third paragraph of the Speech had taken care that the country should be well acquainted with their land policy in case they should be tested, and the Opposition put forward a scheme loss liberal, in which case they would probably be recalled to office. If the principle of free selection under conditions became the law of the colony, there would be a large influx of immigrants from the neighboring colonies as well as from home. He had been informed from independent sources that the intense attention of a large number of Victorians was, at the present time, directed to the land legislation, and that they were only waiting for the institution of the principle of free selection to come and settle among them. A mem bore the Opposition had asked, how would an agricultural selector find the means to carry on his operations. The same question may be asked respecting the squatter. They were told over and over again that comparatively few squatters were solvent, and yet they found means of procuring money. He believed the agriculturist would also be able to borrow money to cultivate the soil. In point of fact, he knew that the manager of a wealthy bank was in favor of taking a number of small risks in preference to one large one, and had written home to the directors in England recommending that plan. The hon. member for Rockhampton had complained that in the Address there was no special reference made to the North, but > it was quite possible that other places had had no reference made of them. At the same time it must be remembered that the greater would include the less, and as the Government had stated that they intended to go in for the redistribution of electorates, Rockhampton must partake of that legislation. It was only a few weeks ago that the report of the Commissioner on the gold-fields in the neighborhood of that town was laid upon the table, and that it became known that the diggings were of such a character that it would be necessary to give that locality additional representation. The hon. member proceeded to refer at some length to the explanation made by the hon. member for Western Downs (Mr. Ramsay) respecting certain statements made by hon. member for Drayton and Toowoomba (Mr. Groom), If the wheat grown on the Darling Downs had not realised so high a price as could have been desired, it might have been from other causes at any rate, they ought not to throw the blame on the soil. He, thought the amendment was perfectly legitimate ; he had no fault to find with it on that ground. But what was right and what was expedient were two things. He was as much opposed to the hon. gentleman at the head of the Government as any one, but the country required an immediate reform of the land law. AB it was, there would only be a comparatively small quantity of cotton planted because there would not be time to put itiu,>".*' after the people had possession of the land. He is wanted the Government to produce their land bill, in order that he might see what it was, and satisfy himself that there was no back door in it. _ Therefore, he would prefer that the Ministry remain in office for a time at least. He could not agree with the Ministry, and he did not think it was expedient to pass the amendment at this time, and he would therefore move an amendment on the amendment by moving the previous question. The SPEAKER ruled that the previous question could not be put while there was an amendment before the House. Dr. CHALLINOR said he was placed between two Aros, and under the circumstances he preferred being burned by the fire whose force he know something of, than by the fire he did not know. If be opposed the amendment, it would not be on account of any objection he had to the principle of it, but because he did not think it expedient. Mr. CLARKE! deprecated the conduct of the Opposition in bringing in a vote of want of confidence in the Ministry at so early a period of the BOBBÍOII/boforo the new members could have an opportunity of judging for themselves , as to whether they were doing right. He thought they ought to allow the Colonial Treasurer to bring in his budget, because until ; they know what the state of their finances , wore, it was impossible to know what they were doing, and what they could do. He had nothing to thank the Ministry, for they had done all they could to oppose his election, and had run him to considerable expense in consequence of But this was not a time to allow personal considerations to interfere with the performance of a public duty. He approved of the Government land policy, because it promised free selection ; but he objected to it , in other respects, and believed it was a squatters measure, inasmuch as it proposed to lock up the land, He did not agree with those members who declared that wheat could be grown at a profit on nearly every part of the Darling Downs. The fact was that there were very few places where wheat alone would pay, and the farmers of Warwick, who have been growing these crops were now crying out, for free selection, because they wanted grazing land on which they could run a few sheep and cattle. He should vote against the amendment because the Opposition had withhold their land policy, and therefore members like himself, who were now to the House, would, by supporting them, by voting in the dark. If the Opposition had announced a liberal land policy, he should have been glad to have supported them in their present motion. t . Mr. STEPHENS said, although he believed the land question to be the main question before the House, he would not take up time by refer- ' ring to it at length, but would merely state that the land policy as announced in the Speech, met with his most hearty approval. He hoped whatever Ministry might be in power they would carry it out. He would not waste time that evening in answering those numerous attacks which had been made against the Government, because to do so would be to run over the whole, of their acts since separation to the present day. He was the more led to this opinion from the fact that the mover of the amendment, and the hon. member for the Burnett (Mr. Pring) had both been colleagues of the present head of the Government at different times, and were quite as responsible as he was for the number of sins which they had laid to his charge. It was no use members charging the Government with extravagance, so long as they themselves hold the purse-strings. He believed both sides of the House had been equally guilty in this particular, and whatever hon. member for the Burnett brought against the Government, told with equal power against himself. He could not allow this question to go to the vote without expressing his opinion of the amendment. A distinct vote of want of confidence in the Ministry would have been much more satisfactory. If it had been a general vote of want of confidence, they could then have gone into the whole, general question of the Government administration is but expression of general want of confidence was carefully excluded from the amend- meat. Its object was evidently merely to put out the present Minister at the head of the Government, and put the mover of the amendment in his place. It would be soon what & amount of skill and aptitude they had showd T by the manner in which they had worded the amendment. There was one line in it which he approved of- about the only one and that was to the effect that five Ministers in the House . gave an undue influence to the Ministry of those, day. He objected to the appointment of a fifth »,^f. Minister the previous session, but it was from, the same side of the House which would have five Ministers that this opposition had now come. They had really been making long speeches, condemning the Government for doing what, decided by vote last year, should be done. He wished to draw the attention of the House to a particular part of the amendment, and he would advise hon. members to read it again carefully. He was surprised that the hon. member who moved it, and who had himself been Colonial Treasurer for two or three years, should have drawn up such, and have fallen into such an error. What would be the effect if that amendment was carried ? If the resolution was carried it would compel them not only to abolish the office of Secretary for Works, but to dismiss the whole of his staff, The amendment was explicit on that point. It did not follow because it was inadvisable to have five Ministers in the House, that the particular office of Works should be dispensed with. There was not one responsible Minister which the House could not better spare. There was no other office which was not capable of having more work put upon it. We had (or Been should have) expended £2,000,000 on railways ; not one of the large contracts had as yet been completed, balanced off, and settled for, nor were any of the works finished for which the whole of that large amount of money had been borrowed, although the bulk of the money had been spent. He thought they would admit that the squaring up of them greg quite sufficient for one Minister to be responsible for. The hon. member then made a personal explanation to the effect that he himself was offered the office of Secretary for Works once, twice directly after it was known that Mr. WATTS was going to resign and again after the Gazette had been published announcing the amalgamation of the two offices, and he drew the conclusion from this that the.; arrangement was only intended easy" temporary one. The House would even do better to look the duty of Treasurer on to another Minister than to abolish that of Works. If it was abolished, and the whole management was left to _ merely ? professional men who were not responsible for the money expended, and who were proverbially more careful of their professional reputa- tion than of the cost of a work in which they were engaged, there was no knowing what amount of mischief might be done. It was well known that the late Minister for Works was an energetic man, and possessed of a large amount of shrewdness and common sense. He devoted a great deal of attention to his official duties while he was in office, and saved the country a considerable amount of money, and yet, by a mere accident, towards the end of his term of office, he discovered that the department of Roads had got into a thoroughly disorganised state because he had not had time to pay sufficient attention to it. If he had remained in office this would have been remedied, but it would serve to show the amount of work required from the Secretary for Works. He would not consent to hold office as Colonial Treasurer for a single week, if that particular office was abolished while there was so much need of it. Mr. SANDEMAN said, after the speech of the hon. Colonial Treasurer, he could not longer remain silent. Did he mean to tell that House that the Colonial Treasurer the Minister who hold the purse strings of the colony that he had not the control of the expenditure, but that he was subordinate to the Minister for Works ? Mr. STEPHENS explained : He said what he stated was that, if the office of Secretary for Works was abolished, and one of the author says the heads often department signed vouchers * work done, the money must be paid. of year. SANDEMAN continued The explana- ron did not alter his first opinion on the subject and he contended that the Colonial Treasurer must mean the very converse of what he said. The doctrine propounded by the hon. member (Mr. Francis) would, he maintained, go to estab- lish a dangerous principle; but in stating this, he wished to cast no reflection upon that hon. member. As on older member, he might inform that hon. gentleman, with regard to the past misconduct of the Government, that they would never get at the truth of the railway mismanage- ment till the hon. Premier was out of office. The only objection he had to the amendment was that it did not go far enough. The hon. gentleman then went on to the land question, and contended that the high upset price upon the land was crushing the colony. In declaring large areas for the farmers he was at one with the Government, and in fact went beyond them. There was not much variance on the land ques- ' tion between the two sides of the House after all. What he complained of was the too large extent of the areas proclaimed. The land regulations of the Government had done more to injure the colony than any legislation, and it was necessary now that the Land Act should be made so complete that everybody could understand it at once. They wanted no more "dodging" with the lands. It had been said that he hold extreme views upon the land question. This he denied. He was not a Darling Downs squatter, and he did not intend to take up land under the Leasing Act, but he maintained that those who had borne the boat and burden of the day should receive equal justice with others. The only consideration which had actuated the Premier had been the one thing needful the retention of office. If the Ethiopian could change his skin, or the leopard his spots, they > might believe in him. But the day of miracles was past, and there was nothing left but to cast out the unclean thing. (Laughter.) The hon. gentleman entered into a lengthy argument to prove the inconsistencies of the hon. the Colonial Secretary on the land question, and concluded by saying that he for one was quite willing to abide by the result of the ensuing division. Mr. PRITCHARD did not intend to delay the House long, but might state that he had at first intended to support the Government ; but, after hearing the remarks of the Minister for Works, he went home to consider whether it was his duty to support the Ministry of which that hon. gentleman was a member. After mature consideration, he had come to the conclusion that he could not. He could not coincide with the opinion of his hon. colleague (Dr. O'Doherty) that by-gones should be bye gone. But up to the time that the hon. the Minister for Works addressed the House, and spoke in support of inconsistency, his opinions had been favorable to the Ministry. But he could never support an inconsistent man. Political inconsistency was nothing short of political dishonesty. As long as the hon. the Minister for Works could draw his salary of £83 per month, it was all he cared for. With regard to the Land Bill referred to in His Excellency's speech, he was happy to say it was a liberal one, but not so liberal as it ought to be. He had to find fault with the Speech because nothing was said in it about the late Intercolonial Postal Conference, which was a subject of the utmost importance. The subject of immigration had also been omitted from the Speech. It was highly undesirable that men without means should settle upon the lands ; inducements to capitalists to Bettie here should, however, be held out. They could have had free selection under the present laws if the Government had liked, but the Government had been careless of the interests of the country. So long as they obtained their salaries they cared for nothing else. Mr. TAYLOR : No, no. Mr. PRITCHARD : You would be glad to receive the same. Mr. TAYLOR rose to order, and asked if the hon. member could be permitted to make such statements. The SPEAKER ruled the hon. member in order. Mr. PRITCHARD continued: He really believed that the majority of the members occupying the Ministerial benches had carried out their policy solely for the sake of the loaves and fishes. Their intentions were, no doubt, good enough ; but they only carried them out so long as it answered their purposes. He thought also that the monetary position of the colony should have been more fully gone into, and felt sorry that no mention had been made of the mineral deposits. He did not hold with the amendment, but having given the matter every consideration, he felt it his duty to support it, because he had no confidence in the present administration. If they brought forward liberal measures he would support them. (Laughter.) What they had got from the Government, however, had been by pressure. Four Ministers of the Crown were, he considered, quite sufficient. It had been said that £1000 was a little sum. The man who said that would think little of £10,000. They did not require a responsible Minister for the Post Office. The sweeping retrenchment proposed by the Government was partial, and he did not believe in their professed desire for economy. The Customs establishment at Ipswich was an instance of the extravagance of the Government. (Laughter.) He might assure the House that he was actuated by no personal feelings in saying this. (Renewed laughter.) He thought the expenditure perfectly unnecessary. After stating that he was in favor of electoral redistribution and a new system of registration, he went on to say that he was more familiar with the gentlemen on the Treasury Benches than with those on the Opposition. He would not support any man unless he was compelled to. (Prolonged laughter.) The gentlemen occupying the Treasury Benches had never, he believed, wished for any improvement in the social condition of the colony. They had lived from hand to mouth, and were drifting down the current of events, endeavoring to persuade themselves and others that they were going to reach some point of other. [Throughout his speech the hon, gentleman was enthusiastically cheered by the Opposition benches.] Mr. TAYLOR would not have risen to address the House had it not been for the gross and unjustifiable attack made upon the Ministers by the hon. gentleman who had just sat down. That gentleman had affirmed that the Ministry woulirdy anything to keep their £83 per month. Now that Sum was probably more than the gentiemsE himself made in twelve months. (Laughter.) [Mr. PRITCHARD : " We both soil in the same boat."] It was presumptuous in a new member to speak thus unless he was assured of the truth of what he was saying. Not a single word that had been uttered that night would influence one vote, and he considered they had better go to a vote that night. After warning the House not to abolish the office of Minister for Works while so much of the railway vote was still unexpended, he went on to say that he approved of the Land Bill, as proposed in the speech. It would, he considered, satisfy the country for years to come. He agreed with the hon. member for East Moreton (Mr. Francis) in his remarks respecting the necessity for retrenchment, and would promise to accord him every support in making reductions in the expenses. He was willing to reduce the salaries from the Governor downwards. He agreed with the conciliatory tone adopted by the hon. gentleman who seconded the adoption of the Address, and thought that if some of the most rabid representatives of the agriculturists and the squatters were got rid of both classes would work well together. The hon. member for the Burnett (Mr. Mackenzie) had made a long speech in his usual grumbling fault-finding style, but he agreed with his remarks respecting the financial ability of the present Colonial Treasurer. He (Mr. Taylor) considered the Minister for Works very much to blame for appointing Mr. Brady to superintend the construction of the Dalby line, when Mr. Plews ought to have attended to that. The hon. member alluded at considerable length to certain statements made by the hon. member for Drayton and Toowoomba respecting the conduct of Mr. George King at the late land sale at Toowoomba. Mr. King had only acted as agent for Messrs. Watts and Taylor at that sale, and had purchased for them, and not for himself. The solo was by public auction, but no one appeared to oppose him, and, in fact, no one was in the auction room for a great deal of the time. (Mr. GROOM : There were over forty people in the room. He (Mr. Taylor) had ascertained from authentic sources that the cost of the proposed railway stations for the southern district would amount to upwards of £37,461 ; while had the original plan of erecting an expensive one at Toowoomba been carried out, the total cost would have been £49,451. That, however, would not account for the fact that appeared in the Courier some time ago, that his friend, Mr. Watts, when acting as Minister for Works, had saved the country £50,000 in railway stations alone. He considered it would be very unwise to abolish the office of Secretary for Works, even in the event of the amendment being carried, and he might add that for MR part he would cheerfully vote the salary of that Minister. Mr. PALMER said he would like to know, if the Minister for Works was of so much importance as the hon. member who had just sat down wished to make out, why it was he (Mr. Taylor) did not rush down to the House when the offices of Lands and Works was being amalgamated last session, and insist upon a Minister of Works being, appointed? The interests committed to the care of that Minister were as important then as now. Even if the amendment was lost, it was idle for the Government to expect to have the most distant ghost of a chance of securing a working majority in the House, and therefore it would have been better for them to have resigned. While admitting that the Colonial Treasurer had won golden opinions so far, it must be remembered he had much to do to prove that he deserved the praises that had been showered on him. He (Mr. Palmer) believed the railway and financial policy of the Government to be utterly bad, and if he had no other reason for voting for the amendment he would do so, in order to get rid of a Government from whom it was impossible to obtain a true statement of accounts, or how the very extensive loans that had been raised had been disposed of. Until they got a thoroughly new Ministry they never would got a proper statement of accounts. He, in common with the hon. member for Rockhampton, had to com plain of the complete manner in which the Northern districts had been ignored. He quite agreed with everything that that hon. gentleman had said respecting the conduct of the Ministry towards the North, and the almost studied contempt in which they had left out any allusion to those districts in the Speech from the throne. He hailed with some satisfaction the temper displayed by some of the new members with regard to Northern interests. Some members had complained of the Opposi- tion not having shadowed forth their Land Bill. It was absurd to expect they would, when the present Ministry had exhibited such wonderful powers of absorption. He maintained that the liberal land policy of the Government had been forced on them, not by their own supporters, but by the Opposition. The Leasing Bill, which was the first step in the right direction, was absolutely forced on the Ministry by the Opposition. Whatever Ministry might be in power now would have to give a ''beret land law. The present one was not liberal enough for him. The Land Bill was made to suit one CLOSE. Mr. G. THORN : It was immaterial to him what party occupied the Treasury benches, and he believed the country would be very well satisfied to see a Ministry formed from the cross benches. He had not prepared a speech, but should just comment on the Vice-regal Speech as he went along. The first paragraph he should pass over ; the second had reference to the visit of Prince Alfred to our shores, and he was sure, as poor as we were, he would receive a cordial welcome. With reference to the land scheme enunciated by the Government, he maintained that the present Act gave full power to select before survey and after survey, just as fully as the new scheme With reference to the Electoral Act, he thought the present temper of the House was such as to render it highly improbable that any satisfactory legislation could be arrived at on the subject. He maintained that under a fair system of registration, the district of West Moreton contained twice the number of electors which East Moreton did. He believed in the representation of a population of wealth not of mere numbers. He was opposed to a population basis. He objected to the amendment on the ground that it seemed directed principally against Mr. Macalister, who was one of the ablest men in the House, but he believed the country would never know its indebtedness while the present Ministry were in office. Mr. LILLEY : Although the latest speaker in this debate, he hoped he should not be the oldest. He condemned in strong terms the in- sinuations which had been thrown out that he and his colleagues hold office from a merely mercenary motive. He had listened to the debate until he was wearied with it. It was clear to him, and must be so to all, that the whole of the opposition was directed against one member of the Ministry-the head of it. The feeling was let him go, and all the rest might remain ; but was there any member there who supposed they were base enough to commit such an act of cowardice, for it would be cowardice to now desert him on such grounds as had been alleged. He maintained that a full and fair enquiry ought to be made and evidence brought before the present Premier was condemned. He had been accused of railway mismanagement, but the only evidence brought to prove this was the aBsor tion of hon. members on the opposite side. He (Mr. Lilley) had urged times and often, that a full and fair investigation ought to be made into his railway administration, and if_mol-ad ministration could be proved against him, then he was willing to throw him over at once ; but this had never been done. Then, again, he was accused of being the author of the financial distress which had fallen upon Queensland and the whole world beside. The' other Australian colonies had suffered in an equal, if not a greater degree than this. To push the argument to its utmost issue, could Mr. Macalister he put upon a pedestal and pointed to as the cause of the financial distress throughout the whole world-this was a fair deduction from the premises which had been laid down. He then referred at great length to the charges which had been made against Mr. Macalister of inconsistency on the land question. A man might be a consistent I feel. Every member in the House had changed his opinion to a greater or less degree on the same subject. Mr. Macalister had modified his views on the subject of the land laws in accordance with the growth of public opinion. The hon. member concluded a very able and eloquent speech by saying that the country looked to them for an amended Land Act, and such other measures as were necessary to improve the present condition of the colony. Mr. FRANCIS complained that the hon. member for the Leichhardt had misquoted his remarks in moving the adoption of the address. He also said he had heard nothing throughout the debate to alter his opinion with reference to the speech of His Excellency. The question was put " that the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question." The HOUSe divided, with the following result : AYES, 16. Macalister, Bell, Douglas, Lilley, Stephens, Taylor, Francis, Pugh, G. Thorne, Groom, O'Doherty, Murphy, O'Sulivan, Garrick, Clarke, Challinor. NCES, 14-Pritchard, Ramsey, Sandeman, Miles, Fitzsimmons, Mackenzie, H. Thorne, Royds, Milne, Walsh, Lamb, Archer, Palmer, Pring. The question was therefore resolved in the affirmative. The announcement of the result was received by loud cheers from the Ministerial side of the House, and answered by counter cheers from the Opposition Benches. Mr. ROYDS deprecated the view of those hon. gentlemen who said, " Let by-gones be by-gones." He thought the present Ministry were to blame for a great deal of the present position of the colony. With regard to the late division, he considered that some of the speeches which had told most against the Government had come from two or three hon. members who had voted with the Government. (Hear, hear, from the Opposition benches.) He regretted that no allusion had been made to] immigration in the Speech, and condemned the railway expenditure. The hon. gentleman concluded by moving, as a further amendment, that the following words be added to the end of the fifth clause :-" We therefore recommend that the expenditure on the office of the Minister for Works be forthwith discontinued." Dr. CHALLINOR stated that he was prepared to do away with a fifth Minister, but not toabolieb the office of Works, which he considered necessary. He could not, therefore, support the amendment in its present shape. Mr. MACALISTER suggested that the debate should be adjourned, if it was to be continued. He would rather, however, that they should come to some decision previous to an adjourn- ment. The question that the words proposed to be added was then put, and the House divided, all the members who voted with the " noes" in the previous division voting in this as " ayes," and vice versa, thus making the result Ayes, 14 ; noes, 16. The question was resolved in the negative. The question that the Address as read should be adopted was then put and carried without division. Mr. STEPHENS then moved,-" That so much of His Excellency the Governor's Speech as is addressed to this House be taken into consideration to-morrow." Question put and passed BOARD OF WATERWORKS. Mr. MACALISTER laid upon the table a copy of the report of the Board of Waterworks, and moved that it be printed. Question put and passed. ADJOURNMENT. Mr. MACALISTER then rose and stated that he had it in command from His Excellency the Governor, to inform the House that His Excellency would this day, at half-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon, be prepared to receive the Address in reply. He would therefore move that the House adjourn till 2 o'olock in the afternoon, and he trusted that hon. members would attend at a later hour in the day, as he proposed to offer to the House a personal and ministerial explanation. Question put and passed, the House rising at half-past 1 o'clock this morning. 