STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. OPENING SERVICES. Tin* noble monument of Christian piety and grateful memorial of anlsffeotionate people to a laborious pastor now gone to his test and bis reward, has just been formally opened in con nection with a aeries of appropriate services, which it is no w our pleasing duty to place on record. We must, however, first supply a brief account of THE STRUCTURE, asdescribedby thearchitect, Mr. E. G. Thomas :— ' The building is in the early Gothic style, and trill accommodate on the ground floor 850 per-. SOUS, including all sittings. Galleries are pro posed over tie south entrance, and over the transepts for the orchestra, increasing the accom modation to 1,150. These, however, excepting the orchestra, are not constructed at present. The total length of the building is 142 feet, and the breadth at the nave and aisles62feet, and at the transepts 83 feet. A tower and spire, which however, are not yet to be erected, will abut .against the eastern transept, but on all other Bides trill rise directly from the ground ; the ground storey forms a lobby and entrance to the Church- The height, when completed, will be 170 feet from the pavement. The foundations of the tower are laid three feet below the surface, upon a bed of concrete formed with Portland cement in place of lime, and the foundations axe eight fee: wide. The walls of the tower are fiw» feet below, and are continued above four feet in thickness. The principal entrance of the church, fronting Victoria-square, has a project ing portico, ?with freestone columns supporting pointed arches and an open parapet, above which is a huge four-light window with geome. triad tracery. The two transepts have wheel windows in their gables, with similar tracery. The interior of the church is divided into nave and aisles by columns supporting arches, and a clerestory from which the principal light will be derived. The aisles are very narrow, as they are merely intended to serve as passages, and only have occasional sittings placed in them. The columns, therefore, nowhere interrupt the view of the platform. The interior is lofty, the ceiling, of hexagonal shape, being 43 feet from the floor, and is plastered. The clerestory is lighted by eight windows, of three lights each, having geometrical tracery- A platform, en closed with railings, ia placed opposite the en trance, and over the platform is the organ gal lery and orchestra. There are three vestries behind the platform, also staircases leading to the proposed transept galleries and to the organ gallery. The building has been entirely con structed of Glen Osmond stone and Glen Ewin freestone,) the front portico being wholly of freestone The building is of the most sub stantial and durable character, and not devoid of ornament. The contract, which did not include the upper part of the tower and spire, amounts to £7,650.' To this we may add that the edifice as it now stands, with the additions to the tower, pewing, «xtra improve ments, and purchase of land, has cost nearly £11,000, to which the expense of erecting the spire at some future time will have to be added. The site of the building is in Flinders street, in a commanding and central situation, adjoining the new Treasury Offices, and facing the Supreme Court, which is on the opposite sidaof Victoria-square. The Wesleyan Chapel (Pine-street) closely adjoins ; in fact, the imme diate vicinity is full of churches and chapels of all denominations, amongst which the Stow Memorial Church is the most elaborate and beautiful. Indeed it has cost more than any other ecclesiastical structure in South Australia, aud speaks volumes for the liberality of the Church and congregation, and for the kindly feeling evinced by various Christians of other denominations who have lent a helping hand. The appearance of the church, especially when lighted up, is at once chaste and grand ; nor has comfort been sacrificed to architectural effect, as all the arrangements have been made with a view to accommodation and healing. We may add that the foundation-stone was laid on the 7th February, 1865, by Mr. Alexander Hay, a devoted supporter of the cause, and of his old friend and esteemed pastor,. the Eev. Mr. Stow. Siuce that time the builders, Messrs. Brown and Thompson (then English & Brown), have worked assiduously at their contract, the result being the completion of the work so as to admit the opening as now recorded. It may not, however, be amiss in this place to insert two or three sentences commemorative of THOMAS QUINTON STOW, the noble colonist, and now sainted minister, in honor of whose life-long and disinterested labors this beautiful temple has been erected. The Rev. T. Q. Stow landed in South Aus tralia on the 16th of October. 1837. and pitched his teat — a large military qfcrquee — on a fiat on the south side ofthe River Torrens, near where the Morphett-street foot-bridge now is. At that time the Adelaide plains were an interminable forest, in which the emu aud kangaroo roamed almost undisturbed, and the aboriginal native yet held lordship over the wild solitude.' Mr. Stow'a first sermon in this tent was preached to the new settlers on Sunday, November 7, 1837 ; and a few days afterwards he organised the first Congregational Church in South Australia. Some of the members enrolled on that occasion still survive, and are at this date members of various Congregational Churches in the pro vince. Nor need we say that to them the opening- of the Stow Memorial Church will recal past scenes and incidents of the most deeply interesting character. Thirty years in the life of any country is a long term ; but the first thirty years of the life and history of a colony must necessarily be marked in stronger and deeper lines on the tablet of memory thau any subsequent similar period. We cannot find space to chronicle the early friends of Mr. Stow, who — like his most valued and intimate asso ciate — the late William Giles, have gone to their rest, or here, also, we might find material for useful retrospect. To return to Mr. Stow. In the course of a few months he removed his tent to an acre on North-terrace (now partly occupied by Messrs. Will & Co.), and here he built his first sanctuary — an edifice constructed of the pines and reeds available in the neighbor hood, the good pastor laboring with his own hands to assist in the erection. In this rude structure, which also served the purpose of a parsonage, the first Independent congregation worshipped for about three years, until Freeman-street Chapel was opened, in November, 1840. This chapel was a great undertaking in those times, costing about £3,000— a heavy sum for a small congregation in so young and struggling a com munity. The building was heavily embarrassed, and during the crisis of 1841-2, and the years of depression that followed (till the discovery of the BurraJ the payment of the interest was a severe tax upon the purses of Mr. Stow's people ; so much so that he declined all salary for his labors for several years. However, with the advent of brighter times the debt was cleared off ; and about 1850 the chapel was im proved by the addition of galleries, vestries, and schoolroom. Freeman-street Chapel has thus been occupied for more than a quarter of a century, and those who attended the deeply affecting farewell ser vice conducted there by the pastor, Mr. Evan, on the evening of Sunday, April 7, will not soon forget the deep impression produced, as the rev. gentleman recalled to the memories of his hearers the sacred associations of the place. The Rev. T. Q. Stow, for some years prior to his decease had been subject to illness, and the result was the obtaining of a co-pastor in the person of the Rev. C. W. Evan, the now loved and honored successor of the deceased. Mr. Stow died in Sydney, whither he went for the benefit of his health, in 1862. His remains were brought over to Adelaide for interment, the day being one of general mourning, and the procession that followed to his grave being far the greatest ever seen under similar circumstances in the colony. Over his grave a costly monument was erected by public subscription, and to this spot many will fondly repair for years to come of those who have known him, and, in still more distant years, of those who will have heard and read of the important part he played in the founding of this thriving colony. As the founder of Congregationalism in this province he labored long and hard, amid difficulties against which only the stoutest heart could have stood, to establish firmly the denomination with which he was immediately identified. He was evangelical in his aims and unsectarian in his desires, and hence he helped in every good work which was forthe progress of religion in this province. His energy aud earnestness were only ?quailed by his catholicity audlarge-heartedness, and hence he is held in honored remembrance by all the Churches. In the political history of our colony Mr. Stow took a conspicuous and leading part He was one of the strongest opponents of the State aid to religion, and made the abolition of such assistance in this colony one of the aims of his life, and'before he died he was permitted to see not only the realization of his wishes, but also to witness the friendli ness and good will whioh, notwithstanding the withdrawal of this aid, exist amongst au the Christian Churches of this colony. OPENING PRAYER MEETING. The Chapel being now ready for occupancy, and all the preliminaries forthe various services arranged, a solemn devotional service took place on the evening of Friday, April 12. There was a huge audience present, including ministers and representatives from various other Churches of different denominations. The Rev. C. W. Evan commenced by reading the hymn, ' Oh, Thou to whom in ancient times,' which was sung by the congregation, after which the Rev. Mr. Stonehouse (Baptist) read the 67th Psalm, and the Eev. M. Hodge offered prayer. Scripture was then again read by the Rev. J. Lyall (Presbyterian), and prayer offered by the Rev. F. W. Cox ; after which the Rev. C. W. Evan delivered the following DEDICATORY ADDRESS. 'By the good hand of God upon us we are per mitted to witness the completion of this build ing, aud unite in the first song of praise, and in the first prayers offered within its walls. It has seemed to us appropriate that the first public service held in the church should be mainly of a devotional character ; that worship should take precedence of instruction. To many of us at least, tfob occasion is a solemn and a joyful one, and our thoughts and emotions fa** their most .fitting expressions in praise and supplica tion. Fervent, indeed, should be our song of thanksgiving, and earnest the prayer which we breathe before God. We ask the God whom we worship and serve to accept the works and offerings of our bands. We seek grace that we may worship Him in spirit and in truth, that we may serve him acceptably with reverence and godly fear. We pray that the beauty of Jehovah may be upon us. We have erected this house onto His name. We trust that we have had no lower aim than the promotion of His glory, that we have nought not our own, but the things which are Jesus Christ's. It is only as we nave this conviction that we can now with true hearts seek the divine sanction and smile. Shame, indeed, would belong to us, and confusion of face would be our desert, if while professing to build and dedi cate a house unto God, we were seeking only our own aggrandisement, or the furtherance of a favorite form cr came. But though our hearts condemn us not as to our ruling aims aud motives, yet it is not with a feeling of pure com placency that we can look upon the beat of our works ; and when we bring them into the presence of the Holy One, and ask his approval, we feel that we have also to ask the forgiveness of the sin which disfigures and mars them. The structure which we thus dedicate to God's ser vice is admitted by all observers to possess some degree of material excellence and beauty ; but it is none too beautiful, none too good for the use to which it is devoted. Grand and costly edifices have been erected for purposes mean, and morally questionable, while too frequently buildings raised for the noblest and best of ends have been rude and unsightly structures. In many cases, indeed, the meanness of the Christian sanctuary has been a necessity of cir cumstances. The Christians ofthe first century, for instance, whatever might be their views of the externals of religion, had neither the wealth nor the liberty to erect goodly sanctuaries, and in subsequent ages many of the followers of Christ, poor and persecuted, like their Master, have been too thankful for any manner of roof under which to assemble for worship. But in a community like ours, where Christiana are nu merous and comparatively rich, dwelling in houses supplied not only with all the comforts, but with many of the luxuries and costly adornments of civilization, it were verily a shame that the house of their Father, which is more properly called their home than any other earthly habitation, were marked by unsightliness, and poverty, and discomfort. The worship of God is a greater thing than the business of the world, and the blessings of the sanctuary are even uiore precious than the blessings of home ; and we see not why, in a community like ours, claiming to be called Christian, the House of God should not surpass all other buildings in prominence of position and in beauty of conception and work manship ; whils. it should, by its very form aud aspect, present' » clear indication of tho sacred use to which it is devoted, and thus become to man, amid the absorbing pursuits and the mate rialising influences of earth, a silent but con spicuous witness for the Living God aud eternal things. For whom are our best and most beau tiful things, if not for 'the God of love and beauty? Not that He has need of anything at our hands, but He takes pleasure in the offerings of love and devotion, and the soul that truly and intelligently loves will not offer unto Him the meau or blemished sacrifices. The notion that all beauties of art should be disso ciated from the Christian sanctuary and the worship of God, as if He who made all things beautiful delighted in deformities here, needs no confutation in oar time. Many early Christians, not sufficiently distin guishing between religion and art in Paganism, looked upon art with suspicion and antipathy. Because the beautiful was known to them as allied to the unholy, the beautiful was re nounced and treated as profane. The same error has been committed in more recent times, and in the section of the Church of Christ with which we are more particularly identified. Our Puritan forefathers, harassed and impoverished by oppressive enactments, were compelled to erect rude inartistic structures, in auy obscure locality where they could find an asylum. But what was with them a necessity of their posi tion, some of their descendants came to look upon as a fixed accompaniment of pure and undented religion. All artistic beauty in connection with the house of God was associated in their minds with corruptness of worship and teaching. Hap pily, wiser thinking and a better spirit prevail in our day, and it is no longer thought neces sary that a building where the best and most beautiful things are to be taught aud enjoyed should itself be devoid of every attribute of grace and comeliness. But we must not feel too secure against the opposite aud prevalent evil of lifting the externals and accessories of worship out of their proper sphere — that of strict subordination to the spiritual in religion. Un happily it is but too manifest that there is no necessary connection between the beauty of church architecture and the beauty of holiness that should pervade the worship of God. In the rudest structure, raised without profes sional aid of architect or builder, there may be such worship as the Father seeketh and such teaching as sinful men ueed, while in the build ing of the highest architectural pretensions aud merits the worship may be cold and formal and the teaching feeble and fruitless, aud the graud edifice may prove but a garnished sepulchre. Our earnest prayer to-night is that within these walls men may draw nigh unto God with true hearts, by one Spirit, through the one Mediator ; and that the teaching of the pulpit may be inspired and energised from above. These are the two purposes for which the building has been erected — worship and teaching — worship offered to God and instruction communicated to man. The two tilings are very closely allied and often blended in the service of the sanctu ary ; but they are in their nature distinct, and it is manifestly important that iu the public exercises of the Church each should occupy its proper place and have its due share of attention. An impression prevails that, as Congregational iats, we have given undue prominence to the sermon as compared with what is more directly worship. Some of our forms of speech seem to betray the error. The devotional portions of the service are commonly described as introductory. Going to a particular place of worship is going to {hear a certain preacher. Persons among us who arrive late in the sanc tuary — and with some this is habitual — seem to think it a trivial shortcoming if they are in time for the sermon. Akin to this, is the idea fore most in the minds of many Christian people in connection with their visit to the house of God — the idea of getting good — of receiving profit. It were well, indeed, if none came up to ' the place of the holy' from a lower motive; but the godly man is surely capable of being prompted by a higher. Does he come to the church, as he goes to his counting-house, simply for what he can get by it ? la the temple only a spiritual mart, to which the traffickers come with the ruling question, »' What profit shall we have V Should Christians not say, rather, as the Lord's Day dawns upon them with its sweet and hal lowed memories and associations, 'Oh, come let us worship the Lord ; let us make a joyful noise unto the rock of our salvation ; let us come before His presence with thanksgiving ; let us kneel before the Lord our Maker, for He is our God, and we are the people of His pasture, aud the sheep of His hand.' Is there no gratitude springing from a sense of God's rich goodness, yearning for expression in the solemn hymn of praise 5r Is there no im pression of the greatness, the excellence, the purity, and the condescension of God constrain ing the soul tj adore and magnify His Holy name ? Is there no sense of sin and un worthi- ness impelling the soul to the presence of God, to the feet of the Redeemer to confess and pray and trust f It were well indeed if Christians, on repairing to the sanctuary, expected less from man, and rendered more glory to God, bringing into His courts the truest and devoutest offer ings of their hearts. They would find that a more excellent way, even in respect of profit, for then would the human ministry prove to them the vehicle of richer blessing. In the public worship of God, from the synagogue downwards, the service of song has bad its place and its importance. Our view of this is that it should be as far as practicable congregational. 'Let the people praise the Lord.' If an instru ment is used, if a choir, official or semi-official, is employed, these are in no wise to exercise vicarious functions — to praise God for or in place of the assembly ; but they are to be held strictly subordinate and aux iliary to the general concert of the people in the exercise of praise. In this respect we have much to desire. Many good people appear in the church, and while God's praises are sung they are mere listeners and spectators, as if they had received from God neither hearts nor voices. They thus withhold from common wor ship that which they ought to contribute, and deprive their fellow-worshippers of the aid which the sympathy of numbers is designed to afford. As to the character of the psalmody, let it be artistic if it may. The best of music, as well as well as the best of architecture, should be consecrated to God ; but it were a great calamity if, while gaining in artistic excel lence and effect, it became undevout, not to say f rivolus. We do not think that the Author of all harmonies has any pleasuie in harsh and discordant sounds j but we are sure that the rudest and most inharmonious strains of the most rustic congregation, if, at the same time, hearty and fervent, are more acceptable to the ear of God than the most artistic and har monious melodies, if with the understanding of song and the excellence of performance there is wanting the spirit of praise and the heart of devotion. There is no reason, however, why culture should be ua devout in any department of God's service. There are reasons why culture should prove helpful to devotion. While we earnestly desire that those portions of the public service which are more strictly worship may be of a more spiritual and elevated character, we cannot afford in our time to assign to teaching in the sanctuary a lower position than it has occupied among us. As Congregationalists we are but a small section of the great Church of Christ iu the world, but what position we have attained in that Church, and what influence pertains to that position, we owe very largely to the degree of intelligence and spiritual efficiency with which the truth of God has been proclaimed among us. We owe little to our organization except freedom from certain evils which ma have eutrammelled|others. We owe little to wealth or prestige. We have inherited but a small share of these. But we owe much under God to the power and fidelity with which godly men among us, speaking verily as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, have preached the everlasting Gospel, and expounded the laws and principles of Christ's Kingdom. We honor the memory of the first Congregational pastor and the founder of the Congregational body in this land, and whose name 'is to be permanently associated with this building. And to what does he owe the eminent position which the common voice of the Churches has assigned to h»™ ? Doubtless to a variety of things, for he was endowed with a rare com bination of qualities ; but mainly, _ I think, to the clearness and force, and consistency with which he proclaimed the truth of Christ, and advocated the interests of our common faith. And whatever may be wanting here in time to come, I pray that there may be provided for those who shall assemble a true, efficient, and faithful ministry of God's Holy Word. On such ministry depends in bo secondary degree the edifying of the body of Chriat — on auch a ministry largely depends the conversion of sinnerB from the errors of their ways. Much as is effected in our day by the Sunday-school, the religious press, and other appliances, the preaching of the Gospel still occupies a foremost place among the agencies that God employs to save sinners, * to arouse the careless, the pre sumptuous awe, and turn the tide of souls another way.' And the objects for which this building has been raised will not be fulfilled if here sinners are not drawn to the uplifted Saviour — if here the sin-burdened and troubled soul does not find rest and peace— if here the voice of the prodigal is not heard saying, ' Father, I have sinned'— if here the hearts of the contrite ones are not revived aud blessed. God forbid that any Gospel should be preached here which shall not go down with its Divine remedy to the roots of man's need — which shull 29t reveal to him in his sin and wretchedness the Christ of God, the Christ in carnate, crucified, risen, and ever living to save, I trust that for generations to come the truth as it is in Jesus will be proclaimed here in its simplicity and iu its fulness — for simple enough is it to meet the requirements of the humblest and moat illiterate, and full and deep enough is it to satisfy the soul of the pro fouudest philosopher, if while a great ' man iu understanding' he is also ' a child in malice' and in heart. We have no reason to apprehend that amid the remarkable developments of the present day, and the foreshadowed develop ments of the future, the everlasting Gospel will be outstripped and left behind, an inanimate thing of the past. It is still young, and was never more vigorous ; and we have a strong persuasion that if tho preacher of the Gospel were up to his vocation, he would be found in the van of all true progress, and would hail m his Master's name every light of philosophy, and every discovery of science, being assured that all truth, as well as all grace, centres in the fulness of Him by whom all things were made, and by whom all things consist. Referring again for a moment to the mutual relations and mutual dependence of worship and teaching, history has its lessons to read to us on this subject. One of these lessons is, that true and efficient teaching is essential to the purity and spirituality of worship. It has been observed by a wise man among us, that 'Every age distinguished by an enlightened and earnest Christianity has been an age no less distinguished by an enlightened aud earnest preaching of the Gospel. In ages of superstition forms are raised into the place of instruction ; in ages of piety instruction is raised into the place of forms. Separate from preaching, the meaning of external observances, even when of divine origin, is soon obscured and lost. It is only when allied with evangelical instruction that such things are assigned to their proper place, aud used to their proper end. The mission of the Gospel isa mission to instruct .and edify ; but to instruct aud edify is a service pertaining to the preacher and not to the ritualist. The end of religion may be worship, but the means to that end is instruction, and in struction mainly by preaching.' Such words deserve a hearing in view of certain ecclesiastical developments of our day. The revival and ex tension of ritualism in churches of the Protes tant designation is one of the gravest, and, as we think, most humiliating facts in the reli gion of our day. It has been argued that this ritualistic revival is but the offspring of an architectural revival ; that the revivers of Gothic art in ecclesiastical structures opened the door to the Ritualists, and bade them enter. In other words, that a high Ritual worship, with all its ornate and costly appurtenances, is but the natural and necessary result of the revival of a better taste and feeling in our church architecture. It would not be difficult to establish a connection between any two things associated with religion ; but that the connection between the architec tural and the ritual in this case is a necessary connection, we fail to perceive. Because some degree of the aesthetic is appropriate and desir able in the externals of worship, it does not follow that there may not be ridiculous excesses and mischievous applications of it. I trust we need not assure our friends that in taking pos session of this Gothic building, we are not con scious of any secret proclivity towards an en larged ritual; nor are we apprehensive that any thing that meets the eye in this place is likely to seduce us in the least degree from the Con gregational simplicity of our worship. We cherish a high regard for the Church of England — the old Church of our native land — and we should not be ashamed to imitate her in any thing that seemed to us good ; but with that ritualistic movement, involving as it clearly does a large increase of the priestly element, we have no sympathy. To our eye it is a wholly retrograde movement, pointing to the dark ness of the middle ages. We can see nothing good id it, nothing indifferent, except it may be regarded as a confession of weakness and wane. Some zealous participants in the move ment have pleaded iu its favor that they could not interest aud attract the people by public teaching aud the observances of a simple wor ship, and that therefore the ritual and the symbolic were put in requisition. By these the people are interested, as evidenced by the crowds who frequent the high ritual churches, while other churches near, who follow iu the old path, are well nigh deserted. But we seriously ask what is the value of the interest thus ex cited ? Is it not of a very low type ? Are men really bettered by these ceremonials ? It would ill-become us, on the present occasion, to violate that charity which thinketh no evil, which hopeth all things ; butno find it difficult todivest our mind of the notion that amid the Christian light of our time those high ritual performances in which vestments and attitudes are such conspi cuous features, look very like playing at religion. We are, indeed, assured that the Ritualists are eminently characterised by earnestness ; still, to our eye, it looks remarkably like the earnest - nesss of children at their play. Is it the earnest ness of men who are really seeking to make their fellow men better by means adapted to effect it ? — means adapted to enlighten the mind, to improve the heart, to quicken the moral sensibilities, to elevate and transform the character, to save the soul ? Let any thoughtful man who has been an eye-witness, oronly a mental observer of one of these high ritual services, turn away and look into his New Testaineut and read one of Paul's Epistles, or our Lord's Bermon on the Mount, and will he not find him self breathing a very different atmosphere and attending to a very different kind of teaching '( How little ia there in the life and teaching of Christ on which a fabric of ritualism could be based ? How feve are His words respecting the two simple ordinances of His appointment — baptism aud the Lord's Supper ? But how fre quent and strong was His condemnation of the prevailing ritualism of His day ! The ritualistic Pharisee was Christ's greatest human foe, and against him and his ritualism the strongest in dignation of the Holy One was directed. Iu this Church our desire will be to adhere to the Christian ritual in its simplest form. We recognise no priesthood save that of Jesus and the common priesthood of all the uaiuUi. We believe in no mystic efficacy of rites and sacraments. AVe are all brethren worshipping only the one living God, trusting only in the one Mediator, aud looking for all spiritual results through the operation of the one Blessed Spirit. It is known to all present that the Church which we thus set apart for worship and for the proclamation of the Gospel is also de signed to be a memorial of our departed and reverend friend Mr. Stow. It is now nearly five years since be finishei his course, and entered iutorest ; but though dead he yet speaketh. ttow familiar to us are his form and features, and sayings, and long will it be ere these shall be effaced from our minds. The erection of such a memorial is a work sanctioned by the piety and intelligence of all times. The godly Hebrews of ancient times frequently put up their memo rial stones. They raised monumental objects to perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodness to them at special times and places, that the past might often be recalled for the purposes of piety and devotion. And let it not be supposed that by this memorial we are aiming merely at the exaltation of the human. We desire to rlorifv God in man. We recognise the gifts and excellencies with which God endowec our departed friend for the benefit of the Church and the colony. We perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodness in having sent to this hind one so eminently fitted for the position and circumstances in which he was placed. We express in a visible and per manent form our gratitude for all the good that ? was accomplished through his instrumentality. When our children and our children's children shall ask their fathers in time to come what mean these stones ? — why is the building thus designated ?— then they shall answer : Thus and thus has God dealt with our people in the past. But I must bring my remarks to a close. In an address given on an occasion like the^present, the opening of [a church for the use of a par ticular denomination of Christians, lit ifl DUt natural that the denominational element should protrude itself somewhat prominently. But I would take the opportunity, as the minister and the representative of the people who shall worship here, to assure our friends connected with other sections of the Christian Church that we earnestly desire to cherish not only good will but brotherly kindness toward all the mem bers of the body of Christ. We thank our friends of other churches and denominations for their kindly sympathy in the undertaking which is thus brought to a completion. We thank them for the evidence of their sym pathy by their presence to-night. And our earnest prayer is, that our common Lord and Saviour may be exalted, that our common faith may prevail, and that the hind of our adoption, so highly favored in the providence of God, may become distinguished for all that is good, and noble, and great. One word more in conclusion; and I wish to say it especially to the members of our own congregation. We are assembled, my brethren, forthe first time in a building dedicated to God's worship. Let us solemnly ask ourselves — are we now, and shall we be, if permitted to frequent this sanctuary, such worshippers sis the Fattier seeketh to worship Him? We may have much to do with the worship of God outwardly, and yet have no more part in the reality of that worship than has the building iu which we meet. We believe that within these walls there shall rise up silently aud progressively, through the ministry of tho truth, and by the power of God's spirit, a spiritual house — a building of God, composed of lively stones, and resting on the foundations of the Apostles aud prophets, Christ himself being the chief corner-stone. Let us see that we are incorpo rated with that building. Lot us dread tlie thought of being the mere scaffolding as it were of the spiritual temple, having only a temporary connexion with it, to be pulled down and cast away when the work is finished. Oh, that all who shall assemble here may find themselves built into God's living and ever lasting temple, whose foundations no changes can effect, whose beauty no lapse of time can impair, and which shall appear iu its ful] grandeur when all earthly structures have perished.' The address was listened to with the most profund attention, nu-l at the close a collection was made. The service terminating with Scripture reading and prayer, aud the benedic tion by the Rev. A. Rigg. SUNDAY SERVICES. On Sunday, April 14, the opcuing sermons were preached. The morning service was con ducted by the Rev. A. M. Henderson, of Mel bourne, formerly of Chiremont Chapel, London, and after worship the rev. gentleman selected as the basis of his discourse, the following words from Isaiah, 57th chap. 15th verse : — ''For thus saifh the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy ; I dwell in the high aud holy place, with Him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, aud to re vive the heart of the contrite ones.' Mr. Henderson, iu his exordium, referred to the time aud circumstances under which the words of his text were spoken by the prophet— a time when the wicked king Manasseh, having departed from the ways of his father, reared the a' tars of a shameless idolatry throughout the [and, and -^hen the people were utterly degene rate and debased. These sins the prophet had to expose with an unshrinking hand. He told them that Jehovah would pour out his angei upon them, and that his fearful desolations would come upon, them ; but, lest the people should tremble and have no hope, he uttered the words of divine consolation in this text, which while exhibiting the majesty of the living God, also presented an aspect of His wondrous condescension, loving kindness, and mercy. These topics would occupy their atten tion that morning-. — Int. The Majesty of God; 2nd, His condescending mercy. Referring to the Scripture references to God as 'The high and lofty One,' as the sign by which the pro phets set forth the infinite perfection of God and His Government of all things ; he pro ceeded to remark that the Being who was the fount of all beings aud of all perfection, must himself be infinitely perfect. He was perfec tion of power, for although He had spread the heavens as a curtain, and created the infinite worlds of space, these were but portions of His ways. As they looked through out the wide creation they saw His per fection of wisdom ; in the magnitude of the heavens aud the mighty orbs which tenanted space ; in the regularity of their movements and the laws which had guided them since they were first set on their course ; in the processes of growth, decay, dissolution, and reproduction, and in the wondrous adaptation of all these to the production of even the tiniest flowers at their feet and in the universal joyousfipss of nature. His majesty was shown, too, in that He hud the government of all beings. However exalted a man might be above his fellows, his highest grandeur could be brought io tile dust by the word of God. Those creatures of dark ness who had disobeyed His will were cast down and bound in everlasting chains ; and those spotless beings in Heaven, the mightiest poten tates who stood before the Throne, rendered their loftiest homage to God. The next Repres sion in the text was equally striking — '' that iuhabiteth eternity.' God's eternity wr..s im pressed upon them by the Scripture statements with greater force thau almost any other truth, and reason brought precisely the same testimony respecting it. Everything on the earth bore the mark of having been produced ; an** this carried them up to th? First Cause, himself unproduced, and thus they reached the convic tion that Me must be self -existent, and eternally existent. The eternity of God was one of the ultimate facts of the reason of man, and It was utterly impossible for man ever to blot it out from the record of his thinking. Having dwelt somewhat further on the eternity of G.--d, he passed on to the consideration of the holiness of God, ' whose name is holy.' This attribute was frequently ascribed to Him iu Scripture, but in addition to this, conscience — God's vice gerent in man — the long line of histoiy, and the glorious revelations of Isaiah aud of the Apoca lypse, bore the same testimony. The dwelling place of God was next considered. ' I dwell in the high and holy place,' and some ofthe theories which had been put forward respecting it, werere ferredto. Butalthoughhedweltinthe 'high and holy place,'' he dwelt also 'with Him who is of a contrite audhumble spirit.' This, then, revealed to them God's condescending mercy. The rev. gentlemau spoke very eloquently upon this point, showing how, although God could have no sympathy with sin, he was condescending enough to receive the chief of sinners, if they were humble, contrite, and penitent, and that, if in this spirit they came to him ' he would revive the spirit of the humble, and revive the heart of the contrite ones.' Before closing he urged them, as tney now dedicated that new Church to God, to work heartily and unitedly in His cause. That house was nothing unless He himself should inhabit it, and he therefore exhorted them to pray that this great end might be achieved ; that in that place God's goings forth might be seen, aud that many im mortal souls might he brought into his fol-l. In conclusion he appealed to the liberality aud generosity of the congregation, to aid by their gifts iu removing from the building the debt which was attached to it, and thus make the dedication of this new house of prayer more ac ceptable to Him to whose service il was dedicated. In the afternoon the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., officiated, aud preached from Galatians, 5th chapter 1st verse, 'Standfast therefore in the libei-ty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.' After referring to these services as appropriately accompanying the dedication of a new house to God, he said that such occasions had always been deemed specially fitted for the assertion of the great and distinct principles of Christianity. It was natural at such time to ask for what purpose they had assembled, why was this building erected, what worship would be celebrated there, what doctrines b- taught within those walls? He puqiosed that after noon to direct their attention to a movement of great magnitude which was taking place mnong the Christians of England ; he referred to the Ritualistic movement, but he should not do so in any sectarian spirit, or with any controversial aim, than which there was nothing he more intensely hated. He then referred to the rise of ritualism- within the pale of the National Church of England, remarking that a move ment countenanced as this was by a Church, endowed with the offerings of the wealthy, exercising almost complete control over the two great English Universities, could not take place without exerting a mighty influence upon Eng land and upon Christendom at large. He then proceeded to draw a parallel between the Church at Galatia at the time when Paul wrote and the Church of Britain at the present day. Shortly after Paul had established the Church at. Gala tia the fervor of his converts began to decline, and they longed for the material and symbolical worship of their fathers. The present ritualistic movement had points of similarity with the con dition iif the Galatian Church. The two great signs of the times, as far as he had been able to read them, were — the spirit of association with its liberty, and the hieracby with its tyranny. After a period of deep prostration the priest hood had again encroached upon Christian free dom ; and there were two chief modifications of this spiritual despotism — tyranny of that which was outward over the senses and the imagina tion — this was Ritualism proper ; and the tyr anny of the human will acting upon mind and heart — which was Ritualism in its effects. He then proceeded to discuss these topics. Ritual ism, he said, demanded the magnificent service of the mediaeval Church, in which everything should be ornate and gorgeous, and stately; and the arguments advanced in favor of it were — that it was authorised by Scrip ture, that it was based upon the practice of the ancient Church, and that it w&i; emi nently calculated to impress for good the masses of thepeoule. He denied that Scripture— the Gospels and Epistles especially, justified Ritualism, and he condemned the idea of re verting to old institutions long siuce defunct. On the third point he asked whether the means adopted by the ritualists would succeed in their object in instructing the masses. He had often - stood in the magnificent cathedrals of Europe, and he had felt a reverential a we and a turn ultuous passion by turns, but emotions of sentiment could not inform the mind or teach the heart. Nor did the results of ritualistic worship bear out the assertion put forward that ritualism alone was calculated to instruct the masses. Let Rome witness. There sacerdotal splendor flourished, aud there was not a more benighted or ignorant population iu Europe than in Rome. But a heavier charge against the ritualistic theology was that it advocated a system which was nothing less thau a code of spiritual tyranny ; the priesthood being set up over the individual will and heart. History showed tha the despotjsm of ministers of religion was greatly to be dreaded, and hence religious despotism needed to be checked in its very beginnings. This despotism made the clergyman a priest, bade him minister at an altar, and offer the very body and very blood of the Divine Victim ; charges him to pronounce the baptised regenerate ; places him in the confessional to probe the deep secrets of the human soul ; entrusts him with the awful power of absolution. W*s he wrong in calling this spiritual despotism, or denouncing it as high treason? Did their spiritual guides ask them to submit to anything like this ? A mighty majority stood forth to say 'No;' in the name of God and ,'of truth, eter nally, 'No;' aud across the ages, the voice of the great Apostle came like the sound of a trumpet, ' Stand fast in the evil day ; stand fast in tho liberty wherewith Christ has made us free, and be not entangled agaiu with the yoke of bondage.' But was there any real cause for alarm that British Christianity would go away into heresy on the one hand, or superstition on the other ? He had confidence in the English nation as a Bible reading and Bible loving people, and he had confidence, too, in the simple, straight forward common sense of his fellow-subjects to think they would not be easily duped by the subtleties of philosophers or of religious pro fessors. Their fathers had poured out their best blood in the cause of religious freedom, and they should seek to secure for their children what they themselves now enjoyed. The rev. gen tleman, in closing, thus referred to the reverend minister to whose memory the church was built : — 'My brethren, we honor to-day, with such reverence as we are permitted to render to a fellow mortal, a great and gifted man. This church is a memorial of his piety ami of h'S work. But a nobler monument is reared to the name of Thomas Quinton Stow. He was the foremost champion of Religious Liberty in this province ; his name is written largely on our religious institutions. Chiefly to him, under God, is it due that the churches of this land were so early emancipated from State control. Throughout his career as a minister for Christ he contended for liberty in all its forms and against all its foes. He rests from his labors and his works do follow him ; his faith, fully considering the end of his conversa tion, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. And this day is our hope. We look to Christ as our Saviour ; we regard His Gospel as the charter of freedom. We pray for His spirit to lead us into all truth ; and come what will let us hold fast our profession, and with loyalty to our deliberately formed convic tions — not mere opinions picked up at random —let us contend against everything in the Church which He has not sanctioned and blessed. His voice will encourage us ; His hand alone shall lead us. We trust to Him as our priest, we obey Him as our prophet, we re verence Him as our king, and joyfully we look forward to the time when all the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of Christ, until that brightest manifestation of His sove reignty, when he shall come in the clouds of heaven with power and with great glory.' The evening service was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Henderson. The Church was densely crowded on the occasion — not only were all the seats occupied, but many persons stood through out the service, and the porticos were occupied by numbers who failed to get inside the build ing. Mr. Henderson preached from 1st John, 5th chap., 11th and 12th verses : — ' This is the record that God hath given to us, eterna' life, and this life is in His Son. He that hath the Son hath life, and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.' The rev. gentleman, in opening, referred to the three testimonies given in this chapter to the important truth that Jesus Christ was born of God — the Spirit, the water, and the blood. The testimony of the water he took to be the baptism of Jesus by John. The baptism of John was a baptism of repentance ; but Christ had no sin, therefore he needed no repentance, and the rite, so far as his person was concerned, was unnecessary and false ; but in his character as representative of sinners, baptisni was suitable and proper, for by this first act he identified himself with man's position. 'The blood ' brought to them the other part of His mediatorial work, and the tes timony of the spirit was the medium by which conviction was brought into the heart of a Divine Redeemer, and so long as there re mained a sinner to be convinced and brought to the knowledge of Christ, so long would these three testimonies be of value. He then proceeded to draw the attention of his hearers to three things— first, tho gift of God here recorded ; second, the medium through which the gift is bestowed upon us ; and, third, the relation of different classes to it. The gift recorded was eternal life, and the preacher dwelt with great fervor upon this topic, explain ing the meaning of 'eternal life,' which, he said, was the forgiveness of sin. He alluded to the various departments into which life was classified — into animals intellectual, moral, and religious life, showing how life, to be valuable, must be religious life ; and to be saving, must be eternal. He drew a contrast between the spiritual deadness of Saul of Tarsus, John Buuyan, John Newton, and Thomas Chalmers, in their earlier days, and the religious life which they afterwards lived ; showing how the same burning zeal aud earnestness of purpose which characterised them iu their sin were brought to bear for good w hen their hearts had been touched by the love of Christ and their whole lives devoted to His cause. This life, although eternal, would not be substan tially different from what it was upon the earth ; it would only change in the conditions aud circumstances through which it passed. On the second head (the medium through which this gift was bestowed) he said this life was given unto us through Christ, and was revealed unto us in the life and death and resurrection of the Saviour. With regard to the mediation of Christ, there were men who rejected the doctrine of Christ's mediation alto gether, aud in reply he proceeded to point out how thoroughly and fully the principle of mediation was shown in human life and human society, remarking that there was not a single blessing which we enjoyed that did not come through mediation ; and that whilst this work of mediation harmonised with the general principles of nature, it infinitely superseded them alL He dwelt earnestly upon the hist topic of his discourse (the relation of this gift to different classes) showing that while cuose who iiiia toe oon naa me, xnose aiso who believed not the Son had not life, and pressing home the solemn truth upon their hearts, and entreating them fondly and earnestly to flee from the wrath of God, aud close with the wondrously loving offers which He had made. He hoped it would be well that they had spent that hour together, and might that service in after time be thought of with pleasure by all. The rev. gentleman's sermon occupied an hour and 20 minutes in de livery, and was most attentively listened to throughout. Ou each occasion collections were made. THE LECTURE. On Monday evening, April 15, the Rev. Mr. Henderson lectured in the new Church in aid of the Building Fund, when there were about 500 persons present. Prayer having been offered by the Rev. Mr. Mead, Mr. Thomas Graves presided, and in intro ducing the lecturer, said in February, 1865, the Rev. Mr. Graham delivered a lecture, and he was then called upon to preside also. At that time they hat' a great work before them, as they contemplated erecting a noble place for the worship of God, and also to the memory of a name which was dear to most of them. He trusted that they were not disappointed. He knew some friends oonsidered that that building was too costly and good, and others thought it too ornamental. He could not, however, agree with these views. As a house for the worship of God it could not be too good ; nor could any thing to commemorate the name of Mr. Stow be too good— (hear, hear) — and he felt that although they might have some uphill work to clear off the debt which remained on the build ing, they had only done their duty, and had perhaps fallen short of their duty. He had taken au interest in that church which had not been surpassed by any one. He trusted that the house built for worship there, would bring many souls to Chrtst. He hoped that health and strength would be given to their dear pastor that he might worship, and give forth the truth as it is iu Jesus, and, if so, instead of that building being too large, they would find it was well filled. He felt indebted to Mr. Henderson for visiting them thus. He called upon him in Melbourne, and was gratified to find that he readily acceded to his request to come over and oj-i*u the church, if it met the approval of the friends in Adelaide. He was now amongst them, and he trusted that it would not be for the last time, and also that their dear pastor might sometimes be able to visit Melbourne, as he thought he would find this more beneficial to his health than his occasional trips into the country. At the time of the last lecture to which he had referred, it was mentioned as desirable that the ministers of the variouscoloniesshould exchange pulpits, but little had yet been doue to carry this out. The solo 'Comfort Ye,' and the chorus ' And the Glory of the Lord,' were then sung. The Rev. Mr. Henderson then commenced his lecture upon ' Nature and Man,' and for a space of nearly two hours and a-half , he des canted with an eloquence and force which enchained the attention of his hearers through out. It is hardly possible within the limits of a newspaper report, to give even the briefest epitome of his splendid lecture. After referring to the apparent rashness of rushing upon a subject so large and comprehensive, including all the things in Heaven and earth, and under the earth, he men tioned a few things for the purpose of preventing his audience supposing that he intended to dwell on all these. As a student of truth, he had been led into wide fields of research, and ic the course of bis enquiries he had observed a system and harmony in all things. He had seen that no part was isolated from another part, but that all the parts were related to each other, and formed one universal whole. In thissystemhehad discovered that a final cause existed, and on enquiry as to what being it was in which all these causes found their goal, he discovered that it was a being occupying a pre- eminent position, am that being was man — the last creature made by God, aud for whom all things had been created. He therefore thought it well to speak on the subject of nature and man, and indi ate these relations, and show how it was that man stood at the head of them all. There was another light in which he had been led to look at nature in relation to man — that of revelation to him ; and just as nature did occupy that position— a certain mediatory relation — awakening certain thoughts, evoking certain principles in the mind, and leading up to a higher Being, he thought that a discussion upon such subjects as 'Nature aud Man,' and ' The Bible and Man' would do something to raise the tone of thought, infusing religiousness into the one, aud breadth of liberality in the other. This then was why he leotured on the first of these subjects. He would not be expected to deliver anything in the form of a natural theology, for he would take it for granted that all present held the conviction that there was a God. He hoped also that he should not be expected very rigidly to define his subjects. Definitions had puzzled the philosophers of all time, mid the old Greeks and Romans understood by tho term nature, something which was ever produ cing and being produced, never perfect and completed. He could not either define man, but he would furnish them with some of the definitions which had been given on this subject. He alluded to some of the definitions of man which had been given, such as a laughing animal, tool- using animal ; !-ut bo said these terms, as with nature, failed to condense into one sentence all the characteristics belonging to him. Nevertheless, however, they knew what was included ia the terms nature and man, although unable to define them. They meant simply that collection of forms and impersonal powers surrounding aud belonging to man, and he should ask them to occupy a position just where these things met and touched each other. He should then speak to them of the relation of nature to man physically, intellectually, aesthetically, and religiously. Upon the first head, he said no creature was so grand and majestic as man, notwithstanding his inferiority in size to some animals, but he was composed of no rare elements, but simply of the dust of the earth. And here was wisdom ; for if he were made of elements exceedingly rare how would it be possible for so many of these works of God's hands to exist. Looking at it physic ally all things in nature sustained an intimate relation to him. The earth, for instance, was re lated to man in its size. The law of gravitation ever attracted in measure of its weight and density. Take vegetation for instance. Let the gravitating power of the earth be increased and the mechanical power of plants remain as at present, and there would be no powerto send up the sap. On the other hand, if the gravitating power was lessened, and the vital power of plants unaltered, they would send up the sap with too much vigor and destroy their own purposes. Then look at the earth's relation to the motion and respiration of man. If the earth were as large as Jupiter, the attractive power would be 11 times greater than at present, and man would be a kind of crawlicg animal, and every motion would be accompanied with great pain ; and if the attractive power were less than at present, there would be a want of that force, drawing him to the centre, and he would_ not feel firmly planted on the earth. So with the atmos phere. If it were denser every breath that was drawu would give pain to the creature. As far, too, as they were able to judge the earth occupied the best position for light and heat. Think of its complex motions — its motion round the suu within the cotirse of the year giving the variety of the seasons— its motion round its own axis giving day and night. What advantage were these motions in their relation to the vegetable kingdom ? Take, for instance, the seasons. Nature required all these. She wanted winter for rest and conso lidation ; spring for revivification ; summer for putting forth her flower and maturing vigor ; and autumn to bring forth the matured fruit. Take away the seasons or any of them, and to that extent they would destroy the fruit bearing trees. The present economy of the globe was the only one suited to the existence of man. Let them cany thought back to the early time when the earth first permanently assumed the spherical form — when it was heaving with volcanic throes — when the solitude and silence were broken only by the thundering bursts from some new volcano. Man could not have lived then in that intense heat. Come up through the ages to the carboniferous period, and see if man could have lived then. True, the earth had never been arrayed in a more beautiful robe than at that time, but the very name of the age showed that the atmosphere was composed of carbonic acid gas, which was destructive to life. Look at another period — the secondary oolitic age, when the gigantic icthyoBaurus, inegiosam-us, and thoso other monsters of fearful shape lived upon the earth, and it would be seen that it would have re quired a condition physical and mental wholly different to what man now possessed. So it was that in no period back along the whole line of the ages did they find a condition of the earth suitable to the existence cf man until that in which he now lived. But they must not think that these past ages hail no relation to them. They were indebted to the carboniferous period for their granite, their porphyry, their slate, their diamond, their coal. The oolitic age gave them their limestone, which were the remains of the life and death of the creatures which flourished then. Those volcanic forces to which he had referred were making de posits of iron and of other mineral treasures which brought such wealth to man, aud giving beauty to the earth by the upheaval of the mighty mountains. Let no one, then, speak irreverently of the science of geology which re vealed all the wondrous preparations of God for the coming man, but rather let them fall in prostrate adoration before Him who, from the foundations of the world, had been making ready for his happiness. (Cheers. ) He then proceeded in thought below the surface of the earth, revealing the riches of the mineral king dom and their wondrous adaptation of its pro ducts to the use of man — the stone for their buildings, the marble for their sculpture, the coal for their houses aud ships, and the thou sand other uses to which it was put ; the diamond, too, and glass which, though not a mineral product, was produced by man out of the materials provided. Who should speak of the comfort it afforded in their dwellings, or the revelations of the heaven which it made to the astronomer? How valuable, too, was gold and silver for their coins and medals, furniture and ornaments ; but more precious even than gold, or silver, or copper, was iron, which, by its malleability, ductility, and fusi bility, was so eminently suited to the uses of man, and without which the race must sink to barbarism. Quicksilver, too — the only metal which was iu a liquid state — was precious to man, for without it the barometer and ther mometer, Jwith all their incalculable benefits, would be without use to him. Coming up to the vegetable and animal creation, he said it was hers that they derived all their food and clothing, without which all the rest would be useless. Look at the cereals and the esculents affording food to man ; the cocoanut, the tea plant, the vine, affoiding drink to him ; the flax and the cotton giving him his clothing; the magnificent trees of the forest forming his houses. This was the ministry of the vegetable creation to man, and then there was the ministry of the animal creation too. It was not needful to speak of the domestic animals — the ox, the swine, the sheep, which supplied the food of man ; of the noble horse, which ran by his fleet ness the errands of man , which beut by his docility to the will of a child, which carried by hia courage the warrior to the resistless charge. Nor was it necessary to dwell upon the dog, that constant faithful guardian of his master's property, that unbribed and incorruptible friend —for he could not do these themes justice. There was one thing, too, in the relation of ve getables and animals to man which he could not pass, namely, the distribution of these in various parts of the earth. This distribution was very singular, being suited to the precise wants of man. In the South Sea Islands and iu the Indies the cocoanut afforded food and clothing and materials for the dwellings of man. In South America, too, thero was the date-tree, which was said to afford wine, oil, vinegar, and clothing. Such plants belonged to specific parts of the globe, and rendered their own essential services there. And so with animals. In the north there were the whale and the seal, which gave oil and warmth to man there ; and the musk-ox and reindeer, which supplied him with food aud with furs ; these latter animals being able to feed on t?ie scanty vegetation to be found in the snow. If they looked over the broad temperate zone, they would see the ox, the ass, the horse pre pared for man, but where sandy deserts stretched intarmiuaLly, there was the camel, with special organization for work in that climate. Having glanced at the universal diffusion of the dog, referring to the variety of ways in which it had proved faithful and serviceable to man, he turned to the consideration of water, of the pe culiar value of which they were, he said, all aware. It entered into all things necessary for life, and, however much it might be questioned, it constituted three-fourths of the human body. He spoke of its utility domestically — bow it assisted the fertility of the soil— how in the shape of rivers, it became the boundaries of nations, and facilitated commerce, and how on the ocean it temporised the heat, purified the atmo sphere, and formed the great highway between one country and another, thus enabling the interchange of products. He explained the different processes of the con densation, expansion, and evaporation of water, showing how each and ail aided in the general design of sustaining life. Passing from the sub ject of water, he spoke ofthe atmosphere, which he stated was composed of 21 parts of oxygon and 79 parts of nitrogen and some other gases. He lucidly showed what mischief the increase or diminution of these proportions would effect, and described their wonderful adaptation one with the other in the sustenance of animal and vegetable life. Alluding to light, he dwelt in eloquent terms upon its marvellous ministra tions to the being and well-being of man. It woke his faculties to vigor and joy ; it guided him in his course through the day ; it exhibited to him scenes of loveliness and grandeur ; it re vealed to him the smile of friendship aud the witching charm of beauty ; and, without the slightest exaggeration, it might be said it painted the lily and perfumed the violet. He referred to the weight of air, and stated how many tons of it were pressed upon man, which pressure was counterbalanced by the vital forces within him. He depicted iu poetic language the use aud blessings of air in motion, from the gale that shook a continent to the gentle zephyr that fanned the cheek of the invalid and then passed on to the consideration of man viewed intellectually. Rapidly and suc cinctly he traced the first glimmerings of sci ence as developed in the primeval races, and coming down to the time of the ancient Grecians, he said it was amongst these that the first true thought of scientific order was found. He referred to the first philosopher of Greece, who predicted au eclipse of the sun, and who handed down the idea that water was the first cause of all things as a thought for succeeding ages. Then came Anaximenes, who carried his investigations still further, and determined that air was the first cause of things. Follow ing him was Diogenes, who came to tho con clusion that the earth was a great auiinal ; and he was succeeded by Anaxenor of Miletus, with whom the Infinite was the original prin ciple of tbiugs. Pythagoras was the uext, and he stood before them as one of the most gigantic shadows of antiquity. This thinker gave it forth that numbers were the principle of all things, aud things were but the shadows of numbers — a thought, the lecturer said, of the most pervasive character. Then came Zeno pbnues, the believer in one God, infinite and perfect in power, iu goodness, and wisdom. After mentioning a few others, with the theories they left behiud them, he spoke of that wonderful man Socrates, whose sharp interrogations put an end to all scheming on this subject. Socrates was not a student of nature. He went twice only out of the City of Athens — once when he went forth as a soldier, and succeeded in doing deeds that appalled au army, and once when he was led backwards out of it by a wit, one of his students. Wherever there was a man who thought he had wisdom, and who announced his intention of making it publicly known, there ?Socrates might be found, with keen eye watch ing and lips ready to question, and show the speaker that he kuew nothing. Socrates him self professed to no great attainments. He was always saying— 'I know nothing;' and yet men shrank before him, knowing how he could expose their ignorance. It had been said that Socrates had brought down philosophy from heaven to earth, and this was achieved by his leading men to look within and regard things instead of word*. Plato, one of his pupils, bad left behind, in his inimitable dialogues, speci raens of his master's questions, and had adorned them with comments and remarks of his own grand views and ideas, -which empha tically made the work one of the highest efforts of human thought. Plato, how ever, was not a student of nature. It was to the immortal Aristotle that they must look as nature's student — a man of such marvellous industry that he seemed to comprise within himself at least a hundred men — a man who had studied nearly every science and brought it to a state of perfection not previously known — a man from whom be, the lecturer, had gained not a little of the information of that which preceded his time. His tieatise on animals proved his accuracy of observation, and his classification was really wonderful, considering the appliances at his command. He had left an enduring name, for the world lay under tribute to him for a period of 2,000 years. Hastily alluding to theelder Pliny ,'Heparcus,and others, he came down to the great Bacon, who, he said, dashed to earth all the fallacies that had gone before him. Since his time thousands had undertaken the study of nature and endea vored to expose his secret ; and coming down to their own present position, if they wanted to know the authorities upon physical science he would point to Sir John Herschell, John Stuart Mill, and many others ; or if they wanted to study astronomy he could recom mend the works of Hynde, Henchell, and Pro fessor Nieholl, whose thoughts upon this sublime subject reached the very throne of the Eternal. In geology, he would urge them to peruse the writings of his own master, Sir Charles Lyell, whose opinions upon the origin of species had he hoped now turned to more reasonable ones than those laid down in his ' Atiquity of Man.' He could also commend the works of Sir R. Murchison, Hugh Miller, Dana, fand Cedric, from all of whom in this field of science they would gain information and profit. When he saw young men loitering about at the 'Old Curiosity Shop,' and wasting their precious time upon such like productions, while wealth inexhaustible lay at their feet unheeded, he was pained at heart ; and he urged those present to turn from such trifling and learn to contemplate the works of God as displayed in His wonderful operations throughout nature. (Cheers.) After a humorous allusion to Darwin and Huxley, and a word or two upon the 'injurious tendency of their works, which instead of leading them to regard man as the highest creation on earth, placed him as one of the furthest projec tions of God's wisdom aud power, he pro ceeded to refer to Pythagoras's grand thought about numbers, aud to show how it pervaded everything. If they took the elements of che micals, or looked at crystals, or flowers, or light, or heat, they would find this principle of num bers and geometric forms pervading each and all. Iu chemistry they could not make the ele ments combine as they wished ; there must be so many grains. Then, with regard to crystals, there were so many numbers of sides ; and if they investigated the vegetable kingdom, they would find the numbers 3, 5, 7, 10, with their multiples, abounding everywhere. It was so with flowers also ; and with respect to light and heat, they were so many vibrations of air and uo more. Then, too, the laws of heaven were geometric laws ; for if they read they would see that Ncwtou and Galileo made all their grand discoveries by the aid of mathematics. No won der, then, that a great thinker should exclaim ' Man carries in his brain the geometry of the world.' Numbers governed principles. The reverend gentleman closed this part of his lec ture by a reference to the uniformity of law, and a quotation from Hooker on the point. He then proceeded to consider nature in its relation to man aesthetically and religiously. After describing the respective functions of imagination and fancy, he combatted the argu ment that all beauty came to man by associa tion. If so, he said, nature must have been a cheerless blank to Adam until his associations had been formed ; but not so was it, for when the mind comes in contact with external nature emotions of beauty must arise. Who, looking upon the earth, could say that it was not made for beauty? Look at the mountains piled up and piercing the clouds, the vast table hinds, the illimitable plains, the rolling prairies ; look at the gentle undulation of hill and dale ; look at its rich and glorious robe of vegetation, and ask were these not made for beauty? Look, too, at the fretwork of the heavens, at the rain bow as it smiled from the face of the storm cloud— ' ? ' My heart leaps up when I behold A rainbow in tne sky,. So was it when my life began, So is it now I am a man, - . So be it when I shall grow old, Or let me die.' ' : ' And did not the ocean speak in similar- language when it rose in furious wrath to dash agaitst the continents, or when again it was 'spread out in calm beneath the sky — the mirror of the Deity. Yes, nature was made to give man a sens it ion of beauty, and man «ras made to receive it. And now he had to touch upon his last point — Nature as a revelation to man, not as a revelation of God, to man but as a reve lation of man to himself. Nature revealed to man his owu littleness. He was the highest and fairest part of creation, and yet he was one of tiie most dependent creatures on the earth. There was not a clod beneath his feet which he could do without — there was not a plant which was growing but for his use. That very air which was the breath of life to him might waft the miasma which should cause his death ; the house he lived in might become his tomb ; the water he drank might contain the subtle poison which should destroy his life. He stood, Nature's poor pensioner, shuddering in every breeze. And if lie stood thus in relation to the earth what was liis relation to the heavens ? The sun was 1,300,000 times as large as the earth, and if man was but a speck here, what must he be in relation to the sun? Think again that the Bun was but the younger brother of millions of suns throughout apace — that the milky way were as nebulise and sand-banks' of worlds, lying so far away that light transmitted from them occupied 2,000,000 of years in reaching the earth, travel ling at the rate of 12,000,000 of miles a minute. Look again at the discoveries which had been revealed by Lord Rosse's telescope, through which he had the honor of gazing with His Lordship when it was turned upon the heaveni only for the second or third tune. This tele scope had brought into view worlds from which light occupied 30,000,000 of years in travelling to the earth, and upon these world* also fell the flooding star- beams of suns still farther away. Oh, it was when they came to look at this that man felt he was as a drop iu the bucket, as the mere dust in the balance, in comparison with God's vast creation. And yet, strange as the paradox might seem, that creation exposed his greatness. And here he would bring iu that truthful sentiment of Pascal, ' Man is but a reed, the feeblest in nature, but he is a thinking reed.' The power of thought was the evidence of man's supremacy. It was the fact that he could contemplate those starry worlds, but they could not contemplate him ; the fact that he could weigh their bodies with instruments of his two. invention ; the fact that he could climb from star to star, calculating their orbits and movements, which gave man his grand superority over them alL He was made only of the dust of the earth, but he had the thinking principle in him ; and while he could turn to corruption and say ' Thou art my mother,' and to the worm and say 'Thou art my brother and sister,' he could also turn to the sun, which gave them light and heat, aud say ' The sun is but a globe of fire, A transient meteor in the sky ; The soul immortal as his sire Shall never die.' But while nature revealed all this to man it was still an inadequate revelation to him. It told him of God, it told of himself ; it told of all the things he had tried to point out ; but what more? Could it tell him how a sinner might be raised ; how the burden of his transgression might be taken away ; how his impure heart might be purified ; how his de graded nature might be sanctified and raised to God ? Could it fill up the infinite void in the soul which existed between him and his Ever lasting Father? Oh, no. It was true that nature had many a panacea for man. It gav him water to quench his thirst, and the wind to cool his brow ; but never yet had any one seen a message of pardon written round the stars. Oh, no. Nature was but the outer court of God's great temple. In that outer court there was an altar of sacrifice, but it was only when He who is God and man came to present himself on that altar as a sacrifice for human trans gression ; only when the heart of man, passing through all that belonged to the outer court, pressed to the altar of sacrifice and lay it there on that altar which sanctified the gift ; only then was it that he could find true peace; only then have the revelation complete when it met the spiritual one. N&ttue; was that by which they rose to this, but nature failed them here aud left man to tho grace of the everlasting Father. Might God teach them these things. The rev. gentleman con cluded amidst loud applause, which greeted him also at intervals during the delivery of his lecture. The Choir then sang 'Gloria iu Excelsis,' after which, Mr. C. H. Goode proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer. He remarked that be thought Mr. Henderson might have defined man as a church aud chapel building auitu&L; He re joiced that the erection of that noble Church had beeu the means of inducing Mr. Henderson to come over and open it, and he hoped it would not be the last of hia visits. He thought a federation of the colonies in this respect would do a great deal of good. He congratulated the colonists of Victoria with having induced such a man as Mr. Henderson to come amongst them and instruct their young men to preach forcibly the Gospel of Christ. He wished him very much success in the insti tution over which he had the honor to preside. The Hon. Thos. English seconded the motion, remarking that Mr. Henderson had given them a treat, which he thought they would long remember. The motion was carrid by acclamation. The Rev. Mr. Hewrehson thanked them, and remarked that he did not think it within the bounds of possibility for him to promise to go much about. He was pleased for the expression of sympathy towards the College over which be had the honor of presiding. He urged them not to build a College, for it was a very expensive affair, but he promised that if they would only send their young men to Melbourne they would send them back as good as they could make out of the material sent, and charge as little for doing it as they charged their own students. (Laughter and cheers.) He should not forget the kindness of his friend in the chair in asking him to come over, and he was sorry that he was compelled to be back in Melbourne by Sunday next. His heart, however, was drawn towards them, for there was a spirit amongst them of the truest and best character. - When Mr. Goode referred to another definition of man, their good pastor whispered to him that he hoped they might call him a money getting ammaL (Laughter.) He, too, trusted that soon that church would be freed from debt, and the whole of their resources spent in the work of the Church. The proceedings were closed by the doxology and benediction. TEA AND PUBLIC MEETINGS. On Tuesday evening tea and public meetings were held in continuation of the opening ser vices. Tea was provided in White's Rooms, when about 700 or 800 persons, belonging to neaiiy, all the denominations in the city, sat down. After tea an adjournment was made, for the public meeting, to the church, which was well filled on the occasion. The 229th hymn, 'Let us with a gladsome mind,' having been sung, prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr. Maughan. His Honor the Chief Justice, who occupied the chair, then said : — It affords me great gra tification to be privileged to preside over this meeting, aud on this occasion, when we have to celebrate the accomplishment of a work long prepared, and the termination of which has been looked forward to. An occasion like the present is one when we are, necessarily almost impelled to look back on the past and to look forward to the future. It is one of those resting places, so to speak — and yet not precisely a resting-place ; for in one sense there is no rest in our onward progress ; but one of those points in our course when we are impelled to look back on the way we have come and to anticipate the course which w*- lmve yet to traverse. Looking back, we see a body of Christians who are henceforth to meet for worship in this place. We see them few in number, landing upon the then desert shores of this place, associating themselves together under their able and ener getic pastor, to whose memory this place has been erected. We see them growing with the growth, and increasing with the increase of the colony, gradually spreading themselves into the various portions into which population penetrated, and at the same time remaining a united congregation — the original body for the most part a united congregation around their original pastor. We see a building erected which, when we look at it now in comparison with what we have since done, we can hardly fancy could have been inspired those feelings with which we know it was regarded. It was then thought almost too costly, too elaborate, too large for the wants and resources of the people. And we see them gradually going on, dropping one, aud another, and another in their course, until the place which at first was thought beyond their requirements, and almost beyond their means, is found to be altogether inadequate ; and, stimulated by a desire to erect to their departed pastor some worthy memorial, and stimulated also by a desire to dedicate to the science of God, some more worthy building than that in which they had been accustomed to worship, they formed the purpose of building this place, which is now successfully carried out, and the success of which we meet this evening to celebrate. It is impossible in looking back over the past, not to call to mind many of those whom they loved and valued — loved for their kindly virtue — valued for the services they had rendered to the cause of the Church, and to the cause of mankind ; valued for their love to God aud their love to man, but who have dropped out of the path— whom we, so to speak, have left behind, but whose loss we deplore, and whose memory we cherish. We deplore these, but both in the contempla tion of the present and in looking forward to the future, we see their places filled by others, and we trust these will continue to be filled so long as God has work to be done in this world, and in which man man can help as a fellow laborer. And though it may seem in one sense hard to say it, we must remember that the loss of those who have gone before is the price which we pay for the presence of those by whom we are surrounded, and to whom we listen. Death and lifearenecessarilyconnected. One generation suc ceeds another, and there is only room for the suc ceedinBr generation which comes when theformpr has passed away. It has been often said, and said truly, that but for the circumstance of every generation being successively removed by death, there would not even be physical space on the surface of the earth for all those who would be born into it. It appears from this consideration that there is a natural necessity for death, and hence in respect to those to whom I have referred, our feeling!) of regret are softened by the thought that they are not dead, but that they have only gone before ; that they have entered into one of those many mansions of heaven' which all the teeming millions of earth w31 never suffice to filL The building of this edifice is a symbol of a union which unites the body'of Christians which worships here ; but it ia a symbol also of the differences, the limits and definitions, so to speak, by which they ore separated from other bodies of Christians. Justin the same way as this material edifice brings us together irione body when we meet to worship here, just in that way do the professions of faith, in which we concur serve as a support of the intellect — a symbol of the common truths which we recognise, aud of the particular form in whioh we hold them. ThiB point of union is sheltered from the vague thoughts and aspira tions which otherwise would not form a suffi cient resting place, but just as this building, when we are inside cute us off from the external world, so these professions of faith in which we agree are necessary for our union to mark the separation between ourselves and all other bodies of Christians. And it is well that we should recognise the importance and value of this. Just as bodies of men meeting for any purpose whatever admit the necessity of a symbol which they should recognise as affording common ground ou which to meet aud establish the foundation of a union which none 'can dis pute, and which all are bound to recognise, so was it necessary for any body of Christians. AVhile we aduiit to the fullest extent that we cannot claim to possess the whole of the truth, or even to be absolutely right in those points in * which we differ from other bodies of Christians, all creeds necessarily have only a relative value, and there is this character which we almost all bear in common— that those points in which we draw a line of distinction between the different bodies of ChristianB are precisely those points which every one agree to be of minor importance. Those truths which all Christians hold in common— the truths of the fatherhood of God, the brother hood of men; the necessity of repentance; the purchase of forgiveness of sins by the blood of Christ — these and kindred truths in which almost 'all bodies of Christians agree, are the central truths of Christianity, and they are those which we sometimes have a tendency to obscure by other circumstances ; and in order to form a ground of union for others it is neces sary to draw specific attention to the points upon which we differ. We should therefore) remember, while we are here 'laiminp; for our selves according to our light the right of dif fusing that light, while we are «recting a building that God may be worshipped in the form w* believe to be according to truth, and while we are having a Gospel preached in accordanoo with what we believe to be the mind of tho spirit, that there are hundreds of other bodies who, while differing somewhat from us, are ui ited to a common head ; children of the common Father, and all brethren in Christ. (Hear, hear.) And besides this, we should re. member that there is the blue sky and the free air above all, and that although some occupy a limited and isolated position, yet it is not poe. sible for any one body to feel sure that they have conxanseA all in the truths which they profess. There may be something else to learn or to be do&9 moia than has been learned or done by aay one of the bodies or by all of thum, Yft heard a good deal last night of the beauty of light, and the benefit of air in m»ti -n- The light of truth, the motion of thought, are equally beneficial, equally necessary. They Have their perils as all great natural forces or powers have their perils, but the progress of humanity, the diffusion of truth, the growth of Christian principle, the growth of Christum brotherhood, are iiidissolubly associated with free thought and with free search for the light of truth. (Loud cheers.) The Kev. C. W. Evan said he merely had to introduoe his brethren who should speak that night. He would take that opportunity of say ing that the completion of this building and its occupation for worship were to him the source of great satisfaction and thankfulness. He thought he might say that the idea of erecting a public building of this kind in connection with Mr. Stow's memory, originated with himself. For some time before Mr. Stow's death, the question of erecting a new sanctuary was occasionally mooted and discussed by the Freeman-street congregation. Mv. Stow him self expressed a hope that he might see it ac complished; and when the friends at North Adelaide erected their spacious, and perhaps he might say their beautiful church — for it was beautiful [within— Mr. Stow exoressed a hope that that would move the friends of Freeman ?treet to think of something better, and that lie in'ght be ablo to help in erecting a church which would cost £10,000. Mr. Stow was taken away, and the people realised more than ever they realised before, the amount of their obligations to God for his long and varied labors for good. (Cheers.) It appeared to him that then was the time to arise and build a me morial church. There was a. prevailing feeling at the time of Mr. Stow's death that some Sublic memorial — soniecostlymonument — should s raised to him in the city. With that many amongst us had iio sympathy, believing that it would hardly accord with his life and Labors as a minister of Christ, and they thought a more fitting memorial would be a church such as he himself desired to be erected, where the old congregation might worship. On the day of Mr. Stow'a funeral he expressed this view to one or two gentlemen, and was encouraged by their sympathy to call together a few friends to confer on the matter. At that meeting it was formally resolved to attempt what had now been accomplished. He could not say that he looked back on that meeting with unmingled pleasure, as the pro mised contributions had not come in as they ought to have done, and they had been drawn into liabilities far beyond what they at first con templated, for they had already spent upwards of £10,000, and the spire, which was to be the crowning gloiy of the Church, liad yet to be done, and would cost something like £2,000 more. They had received help from the friends of other churches, but not more than they had hoped to receive. Their best friend out of the colony had been the Kev. Thos. Binney, of London, who, at great personal trouble, had collected and forwarded a noble sum. Fiom Tasmania they had one contribution of £100 ; from New South Wales one or two small dona tions, and a valuable contribution from the ladies of Pitt-street Chapel to the bazaar. From their rich sister Victoria they had received nothing till they received Mr. Henderson, on the prin ciple, he supposed, that Victoria to do anything must do some thing great. (Laughter and cheers. J He wished Mr. Henderson a continuance of health and strength and the realization of his hopes of usefulness in the centre where he was laboring. They had receivedhelp from others, but the bulk of the work had devolved upon them, as, indeed, it deserved to do. The balauce against them would have been considerably reduced but for the gre.it commercial depression which had existed in the colony. He expressed liis admiration of the zeal and devotion of the ladies. They had worked hard with their fingers, their tongues — (laughter) — and their pockets, by bazaars, and sales, and collections, and they had worked with gratifying results. It might aeem invidious to make distinctions where all were so devoted, but he could not forbear men tioning what had been done by one lady mem ber of the Church. It occurred to her that she could help the building fund by the manufac ture and sale of little articles of luxury— tomato sauce — andhe had l\ad the pleasure of handing to the Treasurer as the proceeds of that the noble anm of 50 sovereisrus. (Loud aiinlause.) He mentioned this in order that Mr. Henderson might carry the fact with him to Melbourne. (Laughter.) He believed with a continuance of such devotion the debt would not long be an encumbrance to them. As the building approached completion be could not help asking whether it would do its practical work. Kuskin had said two things were re quired of a building — first, that it would do its practical work ; and second, that it would do its practical work gracefully and welL As to the graceful character of that building he had uot heard two opinions expressed, and lie thought it would do its practical work welL The acoustic properties were exceedingly good — (hear, hear) — notwithstanding that he received many prophetic warnings from his ministerial brethren that he was done as a preacher. He had also seen a news paper report in a London paper, staring that the minister of the; old place would never fill the new church with his voice. He spoke, how ever, now without difficult}-, and when tile building and himself came to a mutual under standing he thought he should be able to send intelligible sounds to any part of it. (Cheers.) He had, however, never felt much anxiety on this point, and indeed hu could truly say that lie had as little ambition in this movement as in any movement in which He had ever taken part. He felt it was a work which needed to be done, and that if he had not physical strength suffi cient to continue the work, others would be found whom God would appoint to do the work. He looked ou the erection of that sanctuary as 8 great thing accomplished for the future, and he was pursuaded that God would by some means carry on his work there. Soin-i friends found fault with them for retaining the pulpit, but lie considered it part of the furniture of such a building as that, and whilst Mr. Henderson had a sense of confinement and restraint in a pulpit, he (Sir. Evan) Iik?d a pulpit, for it gave him a sense of security — (laughter) — and liberty. He expressed his deep thankfulness to his minis terial brethren of his own and other denomina tions, who had kindly consented to take part in the opening services, or had favored them with their presence. A minister remarked to him tbo other day, that that ought to be called the Amen Corner, for there were so many places of worship near at hand ; but let them hope that this local asso ciation of the churches was only a type of what should exist, a prophecy of what should be — a drawing together of all those who loved the Lord Jesus Christ. (Applause.) Mr. Thos. Gh.vves, the Treasurer, was called upon to read a financial report. lie said the land cost £1,000, and the first contract for the erection of the church was £7,(550. The second contract for the erection of that portion of the tower as it now stood was £525; the pewing, pulpit, platform, fur niture, and othur fittings, would be in round numbers, say — £1,000 ; the erection of sheds, outbuildings, and fencing, would be about £275. The architect's commission on £9,000 would be £450, of which he had generously pre sented £100 to the funds. (Cheers.) There were sundries also amounting to about £100, ranking a total of £10,i)00. They had received in donations, cash, £6,025 ; promises out of the colony amounting to about £ 100. They had a mortgage of £3,000 at 10 per cent., and the bi'ance that they wanted, independent of the mortgage, was £1,775. Out of this they had £22 to their credit in the Bank, and the proceeds of all the opening services. This, however, was not the whole amount they had to spend, for he for one would not be satis fied till the spire was finished, and a dwarf wall and iron palisading put up in front. (Applause.) Those things would cost about £2,000. Some persous thought they were not justified in going to so much expense in building a costly structure, but it would be remembered that they placed in their assets the old place, ?which they valued at £1,500. They had, how ever, since determined to retain the old place in their possession. Wishing, however, to make the old place yield something, they had leased the eld building to ftlr. J. L. Young, for the I-urposesof his school on a lease for five years, at £150 per annum. This would pay about half of the mortgage, ami in addition to this they had the use of the old schoolrooms for the purposes of the Sabbath-school. He alluded to the care and attention and trouble which the Committee, or about 10 or 12 of the Committee!, had taken in the building of thisChurcli. rcni.irkingthat whilst economical they had sought to make that Church as neat and durable as possible, and worthy of the name it bore. ( Appla use. ) The Choir then sang the chorus 'Rejoice in the Lord.' The Rev. J. Jefferis moved — 'That this meeting would devoutly acknowledge the measure of divine blessiug vouchsafed to the labors of the Church since its organization by the Rev. T. Q. Stow in the year 1837, and would earnestly pray that its occupation of this memorial sanctuary may be the mains of en la ging its usefulness, andad trancing the interests of our common Christianity.' He remarked that the Kev. Ch: rles Mauthorpe was to have moved this, but he was unable to attend, owing to domestic bereavement, and he had been called ui-on to tike his place. He was glad of the opportunity on that interesting occasion of bearing his public testimony, and offering his public tribute to him whose memory was hallowed m all their hearts. He did not think that the members and congregation of that Church were more indebted to Mr. Stow than was the Church at North Adelaide, whose representative he ?was. They told him that for 10 long years, in ?pitcof misgivings and scarcely a single hope, Mr. Stow labored to establish a Christian com munity of their faith and order in North Ade laide. They knew he was successful so far as the commencement of the enterprise was con cerned. He watchod over its infancy with a jealous and a discerning care, and they told him in Sydney, which city he visited shortly after Mr. Stow's death, that it was one of the chief est consolations of Iris dying hours that he had been permitted by God to do that work. He there fore thought that Thomas Quinton Stow hud two memorial churches in Adelaide. He had Intended that night to offer a graceful tribute n hu friend Mr. Stub, end tell him that that Church was the most beautiful in the city ; hut now he wouldn't — (laughter) — because of that ungracious 'perhaps' by which he had referred even to the beauty of the interior of the North Adelaide Church. He would simply give them the testimony of Alexander Hay about it, aud he was a man in whose judg ment and taste they would rely. Mr. Hay told him, after a visit to England, 'that he had seen all the new Churches in London, but he found none equal in beauty to his. (Cheers, and laughter.) Perhaps, however, Mr. Evan referred only to the exterior, and there he would yield to him, but when their building was finished, and the topmost stone of the cupola laid, per haps opinions might change, even in respect to which was the most beautiful Chapel in the city. (Hear, hear.) There was one point of beauty about their church which the Stow Me morial Church had not, and that was that it was out of debt, or would be in a month. (Ap plause.) But he must revert to the motion. The mere fact of entering on that beautiful and spacious sanctuary was an indication of pro gress. Those of them who were associated with their departed brother or father, Mr. Stow, when he first came to the colony, might remem ber — as, however, he did not, but he had been told — how in a buildiug almost of reeds and clay they first worshipped God. Then there came that sanctuary that they had now left, which as he had just passed seemed, with all its lights extinct, to be bewailing the past. At the time it was built it was considered a very beautiful sanctuary, but the tini* came when, on accouut of Mr. Stow's memory, and on account of the interests of the congregation, it became them to arise aud build. They had now reared that costly aud beautiful edifice, and if he had said any hard things about the Gothic style he was willing now to retract them, or very considerably modify them. (Cheers.) He opposed this style of building, however, fearing that the acoustic properties would not be good, for there were Gothic buildings in the city in which these pro perties were very deficient. There was certainly a good deal of appropriateness in the style of that interior for Christian worship. It lemiuded one a little of the mediaeval sort of worship, but lie confessed that he liked his interior better than that one — (laughter) — and Mr. Henderson, who was an adherent of the Gothic style, had seen it, and perhaps would say what he thought of it. He had said that the entering into that sanctuary was an evidence of progress, but it was not by architectural beauty, nor by the gathering of imposing con gregations, nor even by the multiplication of Church members, that the true index of a church's prosperity was to be measureiL There was something deeper than all these. He believed that Church from the commencement had proclaimed to the city and province those principles of religious liberty which it behoved them most firmly to maintain, especially now, in the presence of the revival of the hierarchical power, (Hear, hear.) Spiritual lesnlts had been gathered in. Many had passed away into their rest who had borne with them into heaven the fruits of the teaching and worship of earth. Progress had been made even until now, and at no single era of its history had it ever been more prosperous than at present. It became them, especially those belonging to that church and congregation, to acknowledge devoutly the Divine blessing which had been vouchsafed to the labors of that church. It was now just 30 years since it was established — the lifetime of a generation — and during that period great pro gress had been made. The resolution also prayed that the occupation of the memorial sanctuary would be blessed with enlarged use fulness. He trusted and believed it would be so blessed. He hoped that worship, elevated by the highest ;tnd truest piety, would con stantautly be maintained there ; but this could not be without seeking from on high the blessing of God. The spirit of the Lord alone could bless them, and to this they looked. But would the inte rests of their common Christianity be advanced by this new sanctuary ? There was a great deal of sectarianism amongst them. They cried out for their isms, and were perpetually seeking the enlargement of the points of their paiticular community, too often losing sight of their com mon Christianity. He trusted this would never be the case there, but that with broad and com prehensive lanpruase the principles of the Bible would lie perpetually maintained, and that the teaching which their departed brother Mr. Stow so eloquently maintained during the whole of his life would be constantly expressed there. Might never a word lie uttered from that pulpit which savored of dogmatism. Dogmatism, daughter of darkness, was grandchild of the devil, aud its influence needed to be put far more away from Christian congregations than was the case at present, Rather let them be reverent and humble seekers for the truth. He most heartily wished them immeasurable prosperity. The Kev. Jno. Gardner seconded the motion. He expressed his delight at the a'coiuplishmeut of that great work, for there was in the erec tion of that church a very grateful remem brance of one ivIjo had passed away. He thought that church well adapted lo subserve the ends for which it had boon erected. The resolution referred to the past as well as the future, and he was sine that they would agree with him that (ho congregation at Frecinau-street hail had in flu- past the light and the shades. They had had their trials and difficulties, as no one knew better than their departed friend. He hi Id that the prosperity of a church did not consist in the fact that all rhe pews were taken, or that all the pews were occupied from Sabbath to Sabbath. There might be all this, and yet there might be no true spiritual prosperity in a church. Xow. look at the past history of Freeman-street Church. The Gospel had been fully and faithfully preached by him who had now entered into his rest and reward ; but there were occasions when perhaps some of the mem bers wer» zealous overmuch, and obtained little sympathy from the pastor or the deacons, and these parties wont forth into some moro congenial atmosphere. He looked upon it as one of the surest symptoms of spiritual pros perity in a Church when some of its members were disposed to go out of it. He then pro ceeded to remark how by the going forth of members from Freeman-street, Coiigivgation.il Churches were formed at High-street, Kensing ton, at Clayton Chapel, at Hindmarsh-square, at North Adelaide, and at Hindmarsh ; and the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, he said, would have been nowhere but for Fiveman street. (Cheering.) Judging a Church by the standard of the diffusing light which it possessed, he thought Freeman-street Church occupied the highest position of any Church in the land. (Applause. ) Some -if the members from Free man-street came to Chalmers Church, but whe ther the Scotch accent was too much, or the tlieology too stern, or the descriptive too severe, or whether tln-y sometimes got the honest truth then-, plainly told, they did not remain long with him, and when tln-y lift he felt quite relieved. (Loud laughter.) He said a Church was only in a right condition wh--« sending forth members to fo'iinl other Churches in destitute localities. They read that the apostolic Churches had rest -not the peace of death ; not the rest of slothfulness nor self satisfaction with their own deeds, hut rest in the which they walked in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, and were multiplied. The motion, he said, was hopeful, as it looked forward to the future. He trusted that in the highest and holiest sense many would go forth from that Church into distant destitute localities, and there by their own agency at first begin Christ's work. He trusted, too, that Mr. Evan might have bodily strength and rigor given to him. There certainly was no intellectual weakness about him, but be hoped his want of physical strength would be over ruled for making him even more successful in the Master's work. Mr. Gardner then play fully alluded to the advantage of ministers being weakly rather than vigorous, for they got more sympathy than those who were in vigorous health, although these sometimes icquircd it quite as much. He concluded by wishing that the richest spiritual blessings might attend the Church in this new sanctuary. (Applause.) A collection was then made. The Kev. A. BL Henderson' was then called upou to speak, and he was warmly received. He said he had already occupied a great deal of their time on previous occasions. He must, however, express his very great pleasure at being present at these delightful services. He had he;ird very much of the praises of South Australia, and* during his short stay in Adelaide he had discovered the fact that there were more costly sanctua ries in Adelaide than in any equal area that he remembered, Hu said ho should avoid 1.1ns battle of the stylus of architecture. The church which w;is being built for him in Mel bourne would be of the later Italian stylo, and the interior would be very much like a theatre. He saw not why tins devil should he allowed to take architecture under his own protection. In a theatre actors' throats never got out of order, and why should God's ministers he rendered hoarse because of the un suitable character of the buildings in which they had to preach 1 He intimated his dislike for a pulpit, which gave him a feeling of restraint and pain. He would not enter into the ques tion of the relative beauty of that church and North Adelaide Church, but he would simply say that that church was one of the most beau tiful in character upon which he had ever looked. (Cheers.) He expressed his gratifica tion at meeting their pastor, Mr. Evan. Years ago he heard of him, when Mr. Binney in formed liim that he was one of the most ta lented men and accomplished speakers that he had ever met. He was thankful, too, to the kind friend who was affording him the kind hospitality of his house, and he should go back to Melbourne with a deep feeling that there was a heart in the people of South Australia, aud that while they were quieter than the Vic torians, there was goodness in their quietness. He said he had been thrown upon the mercy of circumstances around him for making a speech, but his thoughts had been tending towards the subject which was treated of on Sunday after noon, and which was also touched upon in Mr. Evan's address on Friday evening. A good many seeined to think that there was great danger to the Christian life from the con current streams of rationalism on the one hand and ritualism on the other. After alluding to superstition and infidelity as going hand in hand, he spoke of the rise of ritualism. The seeds of this development he said were sown long ago, and what were these seeds ? Wherever the State supported a Church, wherever the Church relied upon the arm of flesh for assist ancn so long would they find the continuance of such a state of things as was now affecting England, and through England spreading into other communities. They all knew, too, how much scepticism laid in the hearts of men. The heart was often in rebellion to God, and in England persons who to a large extent were misin formed were continually writing when they thought they had found out something wrong in the Old Book which they thought they were bound to reject. Thus it was that superstition drove men into scepticism until at last they rushed from scepticism over to Rome itself in order to find some rest for their weary souls. But was there anything to dread in this move ment? Oh, no. As one who had to do with the education of young men, he of course bore testimony against this falsehood which was sought to be brought in, but he did not fear it, for he had ascertained that whenever these things had their full development it had been side by side with a development of another order. He then succinctly glanced at the changes through which religious thought passed in the reigns of Hemy VIII., Edward VI., Mary, Elizabeth, James I., and Charles I., showing how ritualism had successfully developed itself, and then retrograded, and how by the very out growth of ritualism, a mightier development showed itself in Puritanism. He showed what a glorious effect Puritanism had had in the foun dation of the American colonies and the spread of religion there. Then, again rationalism first appeared in England in 1624, Lord Herbert being the first English rationalist, and publish ing the first book. Hobbs, of Malmsbury, another rationalist, published the second infidel book in 1646. At this very time, however, John Eliot, the pastor of the Puritan colony, started upon his mission to the Indians of Virginia, and commenced those glorious missions which had reflected glory upon the English race. Rationalism had become a full-blown de velopment, but what was there on the other side? 'Why. they counted their missionary societies by scores, their missionaries by thou sands, their converts by hundreds of thousands. The continent of America, which at the time referred to was a small colony, was now a country which built many churches, supported many ministers, carried on large educational establishments, and was creating a literature which would vie in some respects with the literature of England. Such, then, were the results springing out of the same time. They need not, then, be afraid, but they could look with calmness upon the advancing of these forces, knowing that it was an advance towards destruction when the Christian heart of the people rose to do its own true work. (Applause.) There was another topic which had been men tioned that evening, namely, what constituted the true prosperity of a Church. Looking forward, as he was, with fear and trembling, to entering upon a church far larger in proportion than that one, this question of the true prosperity of a Church touched his heart. As he had contemplated the congrega tions which had assembled in that building he had been impressed with the wondrous future in relation to one portion of their adherents— he meant the young. He was not old, but even if he were, he should ever feel the deepest interest of his heart in the young ; and if he had one desire stronger than another it was to see the young won to the Lond Jesus Christ. He then proceeded to address the young in solemn and affectionate terms. He told them that that building hail been reared, not for those who had contributed most towards it, but for them. The generations were passing away, and how sad it would be if the young whom he was addressing should pass away and leave behind them nothing superior to themselves. Their advantages were far greater than those which their fathers possessed, but these advantages seemed to add a fascination to what was called pleasure— worldly pleasure. They might say there was time enough yet, and that they did not want old heads on young shoulders ; but he counselled them if they wanted young hearts and young heads when they became old they should put on the old heads now. Many a man of 80 and 00 years of age had a fresh and young spirit, whilst many a youth became a wreck and was ruined. He referred them to the bitter experiences of such worldlings as Thomas Moore and Byron, as recorded in their own verses, and said verily every man who tried the pleasures of the world found how true were the words of Edmund Burke- ' What shadows we are, and what shadows we pursue.' Then: were no such lamentations or bitterness heard from the Christian, for looking back upon his life he saw it irradiated with the Divine smile, and locking forward he anticipated a life of infinite glory and joy at God's right hand. Let them abandon tlieir sin and yield themselves unto -!od, and then there would be no want of wor shippers iu that and other sanctuaries, with this thought he was carried for ward to the time when thousands of thousands of people should bo peopling this land, ennobling it with their deeds, and leading on souls to eternal felicity. With regard to the true prosperity of a Church, wealthy offerings would not give if, and crowded pews were not an evidence of it ; but it was when multitudes of converts were found rising around the ministers of Christ ; when the salvation of Christ was accepted by those to whom it was preached that the true prosperity of a Church was attained. He then descanted upon that marvellous expression in the epistle of James — 'Save a soul from death.'' He could not grasp either the horrors implied in the death or the happiness which was bound up in the salvation, but this work of saving souls from death was the true work of the Church. He urged the parents and the young whom he was addressing to do that work which was nearest to them— to do it in their homes, and amongst their families and relatives. There was a day coming to all in that audience when the eye should be dim and the ear closed, but iu that day, next to the joy of being saved, would be the thought that they hud won some other soul. When this earthly scene was over, when all things here had passed away, and his body was laid in the tomb, he would rather have carved upon the rudest stone by tho hand of gratitude, the words 'he saved a soul from death,' than rest under the most costly mausoleum which had ever been reared. Ho should like to leave that as his last word with them. They must go to live and act, and lie should go to live and act in another place. They might never meet again, but they would meet at God's liar. God help them so to live that that meeting might he ono of gladness. The rev. gentleman, who was deeply affected during his earnest appeal, resumed las seat amid applause. An anthem was here sung liy the choir. The Rev. .Ias. M.\i:i:iiAN was then called upon, and said they had one simple duty to discharge eix- departing. They had had live excellent addresses —one on history, another on finance, a third on architecture, a fourth on spiritual prosperity, aud a fifth on spiritual prosperity and ritualism, and now they had to complete the work by a crowning act of grati tude. He had to move that a vote of thanks be given to the ladies especially. lie was glad to know that they were indebted to no small extent to the ladies for the erection, of that elegant structure. They had, he understood. done much both with their fingers and their tongues.. (Laughter.) He had also to move that the meeting's thanks be presented to the Chief Justice for presiding on that occasion. He was certainly deserving of their wannest thanks, for he was ever ready to assist a good cause. He likewise had to move that their thanks be given to the choir, whose music had been all that could have been desired. 'With these few remarks he would propose that a vote of thanks be given to the ladies, the Chairman, and the choir, for the effective services so heartily rendered. Tho Kev. Wm. Haroi-s seconded the proposi tion, which w.i« carried by acclamation. The Chief Jistice said he had a brief but pleasant duty to perform in acknowledging the vote of thanks. He was sure that the ladies, the choir, and himself fully appreciated the kiudness with which they had received and acknowledged such services as they had ren dered. (Cheers.) The doxology having been sung and the bene diction pronounced, the proceedings of this highly interesting series of meetings closed. The total proceeds of all the services are believed to be about £300. 