What is tlio Government going to do in tbe faco of tbo" judgment of the Supremo Court in tbo now cause cehbre of Alcock v. Feugie ? This is tbo question which is now in every uuuy » muueu ; uuu il le u question that must get an answer of some one kind or another. Tho thing cannot bo ignored, even if there were the disposi tion in Ministerial quarters to ignore it, which, however, wo ltavo no grounds for assuming to bo the case. The difficulty, for the Government; at least, in the matter is this. And, in parenthesis, wo may ob serve that we put tho matter forward plainly and nakedly, and divested of all foreign matter, for tho purposo of letting all parties, Ministerial and Oppositionist, weigh tho subject for themselves, and consider what is tho best way out of tho quagmire, if, in fact, thcro is any way at ail out of it. Tho caso then stands thus, and tho difficulty is as follows. Tho Ministry having, to use a nautical phraEC, been suddenly " brought up all standing" by the Council's refusal of the supplies for the servico of tho year — being in a word loft without funds, and rendered unable through tho refusal of an Appropriation Act to carry on the inevi table expenditure of tho public service, devised as a remedy tho expedient of making drafts on the Treasury through tho instrumentality of judgments by default, allowed by them to ho sued out against the Crown in the Supreme Court, by tho civil servants and others to whom Government money was duo. These judgments, as all the world knows, wero obtained under tho act which enables the subject to press his claims against tho Crown with the same facility as he doeB against his fellow subject ; and for short ness' sake it is usually styled either the Crown llcmedies Act, or tho Claims againBt the Crown Act, It seems to havo been an opinion very generally enter tained that this act furnished a short cut and an open door to the Treasury, and that it was thought all -sufficient for bringing down the much desiderated "shower of gold" on the suitor. Well, the Supreme Court, speaking doubtless with oracular wisdom, and with authori tative knowledge not to be contravened by ordinary mortals, has, when appealed to just now, decided that tho act does furnish the snitor with a short cut, and an open door te tho Treasury ; but also it further declares that, when the suitor or suppliant has taken this expeditions route, and has got within tho Treasury doors, tho Crown Itemedics Act has dono all it can for him, and can do nothing mora. It leaves him standing in tho Treasury-hall, with tho Treasury coffers and their goldon contents locked and barred against him. To open theso and pour oat ready cash payments, tho Crown Eemedios Act is unavailing. Tho talismanic mandate, " Open, Sesamo," can only bo sounded through tho double- tubed trumpet of the Appropriation Act and tho Audit Act combined. Even tho re presentative of tho Crown can do nothing in the absence of this special in strumentality. The funds in tho hands of tho Government mnst, in tho first place, bo dedicated beforehand, by a special act of parliamentary consecration, or appro priation, to tho uso and servico of tho Government expenditure j and the enact ment which docs this is the Appropriation Act. And in the next place, tho funds thns sot apart or devoted, or appropriated, for outlay by tho Government, must issue out of the Treasury only in a certain spe cified manner and through a certain speci fied instrumentality ; and tho enactment which directs and provides this is tho Audit Act. Now, the J udges of the Su premo Court havo given it as tho judg ment of thoir high tribunal, that unless there is an Appropriation Aot provided by the Legislature each year to work in con cert with the Audit Act, there can bo no funds to expend, and no channel through which to expend them, at the disposal of tho Government; and that al though tho Crown Remedies Act may establish to perfection an individual's claim against tho Government, still ho can gain nothing from that fact, unloss thcro is in existence an Appropriation Act first to furnish a paying fund, and noxt to admit of tho Audit Act putting tho machinery of payment in motion. Thu3, the law courts do now what the Legislative Coun cil did before, each within its own juris diction — namely, lock up tho funds of tho State, and put them completely beyond the reach of tho Government. Wo havo then, in fact, come to the real "dead lock." Hitherto tho Government and tho Assembly have been dodging round tho diffioulty, and trying with moro or less success to evade it ; hut now it confronts all parties fully, and completely bars the way. It must ho met ; and tlio question is, how is that to be dono ? The Governor can, of course, sign no moro judgments ; for, even if ho did sign them, the Troasurer would bo acting illegally to pay their respective amounts unloss they also boro tho certi ficate of the Commissioners of Audit Will tho Ministry, under these circum stances, put themselvos in funds by once moro calling Parliament together, and sending up te the Council an Appropria tion Bill minus tho Daeling voto, and re mitting this latter in the form of a bill by itself? Perhaps they may. But wo do not expect they will. And yet it would be the plainest and the most seemly way of trying to settle this unfortunate contro versy. It is the way we havo always recommended, that wo still recommend, and that in the end will and must he adopted, either by tho present Ministry or some other. However, perhaps the time is not yotripo for this course of pro ceeding, sinco— as it was written of old- there is a timo for all things. But what is tho alternative? An immediate dissolu tion, followed at once by a general elec tion ? It must bo so. And yet how is tho Stato machinory to be kept moving in tho meanwhile ? Peforo a new Parliament can be oleeted, called together, set at work, and a now Appropriation Act passed— supposing this latter to he even then free from tho obnoxious vote — four months of 18G8 will have olapsed. At th.it date the Treasury will have been not less than iivo" 2'oatllS in arrear with tho public payments ; and utiles tho course we recommend now is adopted then-—1hfit iB, unless tho Dabling vote i3 omitted lrom the Appropriation Bill— tho Council declares it will not nficq tllft Kill flron tlinn Thus it looks aa if tho Ministry would at 1 tho last have to retire from tho contest foiled in tho object they have in view, unless they do that now, which wo admit is difficult to do, hut which it ia a politician's duty nevertheless at times to do — namely, sacriQco their own self-will to tho exigencies of Stato policy, and shape their Appropriation Bill in a form which will enable it to pass the Upper House. Thoso who cannot conquer themselvos will not bo able to conquer others. Let_ Ministers, then, wisoly bend to the necessities of tho ease, and adopt a policy pf conciliation in this matter, and they will remain masters of tho situation. H.E.H. the Duke of Edinburgh nnd bis Ex cellency the Governor, tho Hen. Sir J. H. T. Manners Sutton, will ho entertained nt a dinner at the Melbourne Club thh evening. It Is ex pected that about 100 gentlemen will bo present. Wo understand that e.II public payments have b:en stopped by OTder of bis Excellency tbo Go vernor. Upon explication being mode to tbe Treasury on Satuidoy, for payment of a claim where judgment had been allowed to go by de fault, It was stated that no further payments could be made. His Excellency, It is stated, had a long cocaultatlon with Sir John Young on Fii Jny last ; but tho result, of course, cannot bo generally known. The In tcrcolonial Cricket Match wasreeumtd on the Melbourne ground on Saturday. New Soutli Wales scored in tbeir first Innicgs 158, and 173 In their second innings, leaving the Victorians 70 to get beforo they can win tbo match. Play will be commenetd to-dny at 2 p.m., nnd the game will then possibly bo brought to a conclusion early In tbo afternoon. The New South Wales men played well throughout, and the innings of Thompson was tho great feature in the day's proceedings. Tho sliver cups to the highest scorers, given by Mr. W. Montgomery, will go to Werdill aad Tbompron. His Excellency tbo Governor was on the ground for soma time on Saturday afternoon. A mile raco for tho cham pionship, which was run after the cricket match, was won by Hlggino, n professional, with 61r. A. D. Mlchlo second. All tbe vessels which arrived In Hobaon's Bay on Saturday Bad yesterday report having cx- perlencrd tbe hurricane from west- aoutli- west ou Friday afternoon lest. Tbe damage sus tained has only been flight. The grand Caledonian Gathering, in honour of tho Dulce of Edinburgh, will take place to-day In tbe Zoological Gardcm reserve. A large number of prizes are to be given for music, danc ing, racing, patting the stone, vaulting, and other pastimes peculiar to S lotlood, A monster rotunda for dancing has been orccted, and a prize of Bllver belts will be given to the best waltzing couple. Tbe games, which arc to last over to-day and Tuesday, will commence at 12 o'clock. The following bit of electioneering scandal appears in tbe Bacchus Marsh ExpreBS " A little piece of election news has cocao to our knowledge which shows that tho approaching general election is already being prepared for by the Opposition party. A gentleman upon whoso word we can rely inftrms us that a fow days ago be was asked by a person travelling through West Bourke, via Bacchus Marsh, Myrniong, and Ballon, and on to Ballaarat, to give his petsanal Influence on behalf of Messrs. Dill, Brock, and Masterton, as candidates for West Bourke, In return for which an honorarium of L10 would be given. Another party was offered LIS far a Bimilar service. The agent who made those offers represented himself as a surveyor, but admitted that be was travelling tbo country with n view of ssundlng tho electors, and bribing tbem too apparently." " Perhaps," adds the same journal, " tbe best pnnlshaicnt for such a man BDd bis employers would be for Minis terial supporters to take his money nnd employ It In legitimately frustrating bl objects, by hiring vehicles or Incurring other expense to bring Ministerial voters to the poll." Sir John Young, late Governor of New South Wales, accompanied by Lady Young, nnd tbolr niece, Miss Dalton, left Australia for England on Saturday afternoon, by tbe P. and O. Com pany's R.M.S. Geelong. Tbe Pharos, cara- mnnded by Captain Fullarton, quitted Sandridge shortly before tbo departure of the mall steamer ; and H.R H. tbe Duko of Edinburgh and the Hon. Elliot Yorko accompanied Sir John Young and family to see them off. His Excellency Sir Henry Manners Sutten took leave of Sir Jobn Young nt Sandridge. The Duko also bade farewell nnd whhed a pleasant voyogo to Madame Celeste, who was also a pas senger by the same vessel. The Duke then returned to the Pharos, which soon afterwards steamed away. Tbero wero several old colonists on board tbo GeeloDg, as the appended passenger list will show Messrs. Coward, Jobn King, nnd F. W. Hodden, for King George's Sound ; Mcesrs. J, Adams, W. Adams, and Miller, for Point de Galle ; Mr. Wright, for Calcutta ; Mr. Smith's native servant, for Singapore ; Mr. nnd Masters Blackwood, for Suez ; Messrs. H. Martin, J. Thompson, and Madame Celeste, for Marseilles Mr. and Mrs. Niel Black, two children, and servants, Mr. R. Patterson, and Mr. Faber, for Southampton. Tbe P. nnd N.Z. mall steamer Taratua left the Sandridge plor on Saturday, with the follow ing passengers : — For Panama : Messrs. J. Collins (Irish comedian), W. Collins; and — Dunlop; for Now York: Mr. G. G. Ellis, and Dr. Lowlns ; and for Southampton, Mr. Chadwlck. There will bo no mooting of the City Council this afternoon. On Saturday, a number of the officers of the Civil Service experienced rather n cruel dis appointment, owing to the recant judgment in the caso of Alcook v. Ferglo. A large uumbcr of tbe civil servants, It appears, not thoroughly understanding tbo suing process, allowed so much time to elapso before taking proceedings that their third month's salary was nearly due, nr.d they accordingly determined to wait a few days longer and got judgment for the three months together. In duo time they received thoir certificates from tbe Prothonotary, and on Friday were informed that all was reedy at the Treasury far payment of their several demands. However, on making application on Ssturdsy morning, they wero told that no more moneys could be disbursed by the Treasurer after the recent decision cf the Supreme Court. We have lately had to record several casual ties of n serious nature caused by the reckless dis charge of fireworks. Unfortunately we have now to add another which has resulted fatally. On the ovonlng after the arrival of H.U.H. tbe Duke of Edinburgh at Ballaarat, a llttlo boy, named Charles Disney, met with an accident from soma exploding fireworks. He was carried homo and found to bo seriously injured about tho body. Carefully fended by his parents, bo at first gove promise of recovery, but last week his injuries assumed a more dangerous form, end he dlad on tlio 27th Inst. Dr. Clendinnlng, the district coroner, held an Inquest on the body tbe same day, when the jury returned a verdict of death by exhaustion, consequent on severo burns. We are glad to Had that tbe boy Brown, wbo was the fourth injured by tbo explosion of fire works nt Sandhurst, Is likely to recover. A dlscurslon, of a nature not calculated to In spire reepoct for the dignity of the Bench, occurred on Saturday during the sitting of the Emerald Ilill Police Court. A trilling case, brought by the Inspector of nuisances cgitnst a Chinaman named Ah Pong, was being heard. With reference to tho decision which should be given, wo suppose, a short conversation took place on (he bench, and then Mr. Tbistletbweite was In tbe middle of n few temperate remarks to tbe defendant on tbo undeslrabillly of having a nuisance about his land, when ho wbs Interrupted by Mr. Finlay, who told him he did not went to hnve any ol his preaching there, ns he (Mr. Thlatlothwalte) wa3 not yet chairman of tbo Bench. In order to defend bis right to mako remarks on every Imaginable subject, the mayor naturally restated this attack, aud said that If bo was not yet chairman of tbo Bench he was there (2 th? capacity of a magistrate, and ns such had n rl"ht to Jn<>ak 2 'I16 caso. Soma little dlscus- nin onoi,r J ><70 then Mr. Finlav. ss chairman of the Bench, satu 3- 'lc decision arrived at was that the defendant be fij'-d 20s., or, in default of distress, imprisonment for a week. Mr. Ilalg then protested against the action taken by Mr. Finloy, as tbe Bench was equally divided In opinion on tbe case, the mayor and be having intended that It should bs dis missed. Tho decision, however, remained as the chairman had given it, though we believe that when the members of a bench arc equally divided In opinion eithor a dismissal or a post ponement Is generally the result. During the storm cf Tuesday last two China men, wbo wero mining In tbe creek at Queens- town, lost their lives. Tbeir names were Me Yen and Win Chow, Dr. Candler held in quests on their bodies yesterday, nt California, when it was shown that each of tho men bad taken shelter under a separate tree, tbo two trees being about fifty yards from each other. Tbe hurricane uprooted a number of trec3, amongst others those under which the deceased were sheltering, and they were killed at once. A verdict in accordance with tho evidence was rtturned, Either a murder cr en aggravated case of manslaughter has been committed at Pensburst, i in the Hamilton district. About half-past 3 o'clock In the afternoon of the 18th, tbo dend body of a married woman named Hannah Largo was found under a brush fenco in that town- ship. The deceased had bjen Ecen shortly before 12 o'clock tho same day, 'a fow yards from the plaes where her corpse was subsequently ills- I covered. An icqucst was held on the 20!h, at which it oppearcd that there were stains of blood on the neck of tbo deceased, and on the clothes covering her breast, which were not ob served previously to her death. Tho left eye wns discoloured by a bruise, apparently received some days previous. An empty botUe wn3 lying by her side. Tbe medical evidence proved that death was caused by a very severe contusion on thosldooftbe bead, just above tbe right car, such as would bo caused by a blow of the fist. Tbe result of this was extravasation of blood between tbe scalp and skull, and effusion cf blood on tbo biain opposite tbe part correspond ing with tbe bruise. The blow was Inflicted very shortly biforo donlli. No one could bo found who bad ceen deceased from half-past 1 1 till she was found dead. From the fact of her husband having been ou bad terms with his wifo on account of her continual dissipation, sus picion at first naturally pointed at him as the men who struck tho blow. It is but fair to szy, however, that there is no evidence ogoinst him. The wllnefse3 from Mr. Murray's publlchousc, who were called to give. evidence oa to what the husband was doing on the day In quesiiaD, mode tho most contradictory statements, which Is ac counted for by the fact that drunkenness seemed to have been the order of tho day. Tho jury returned an open verdict. The following particulars of the conflagration which occurred nt Messrs Ellis and Huieheson's flour mills, at Mnlmsbury, on Thursday night, are to band. It appears that a Mrs. Ral-b ek, whose residence Is near tbe mill, was awoke by a crackling sound, when— seeing a glare— the told her husband that the mill muet be on fire. He immediately got lip, ond had only tltno to rescue the books, which were In an oflica ou the ground floor, tbe fhrnes moklng such rapid pro gress In the upper portion ef the mill ns to cause the roof speedily to fall in, when tbo whole building became Ignited ; and no human exertion could prevent tho whole ef tte interior from being destroyed by tbe devouring clement. The steam- engine bod not been nt work, nor had a fire been kindled within the building for about threo weeks previously. At tho time entrance was made jlnto the building the fire had not damaged either the second floor or tbe bottom of tbo premises, being confined to tbe third and fourth storeys of the mill. No candle or light had beon used, though the water-wheel had been working until 8 o'clock, when all bauds left, ne one sleeping upon the premises A considerable quantity of wheat nnd flour was destroyed, aud tbo property was but parltally insured with the London and Lancashire Insur ance Company. Ono of the most successful of tbo children's fetes which tho visit of the Duko of Edinburgh has occasioned, took place on Saturday afternoon in tho Botanical Gardens at Wllliamstown. Tho members of tho local reception committee, agisted by several of the townspeople, were busy from an early hour In tho morning erccttDg tents, carrying provisions, and making all the neces sary preparations. At 3 o'clock Ibe children of tbe various day and Sunday schools aBsomblod In tbo Market reserve, where they formed In lino, and, headed by the band of the Naval Training ship, morchod in procession through the town to tho gardens. Altogether thero wero about 2000 children pre sent, to whom buns, sandwiches, gingerbeer, lemonade, fruit, etc , wero served out. Run ning, leaping, jumping in sacks, and a number of ether games which tbe juveniles usually do- Ilght in, were heartily entered into, and through out the whole of the afternoon the ulmost gaiety prevailed. After the wants of tho children had been satisfied, tho provisions that remained were distributed among several of tho adults present. At sunset tho sports wero discontinued, and tbo gardens closed, the efforts of ibe committee to provide a pleasant end innocent entertainment having proved eminently successful. At the Richmond Follco Court, on Saturday, a letter was handed to ths Bench, directed to Dr. Stewart, the mayor, or the presldlngmaglstrate, purporting to bo signed by Charles Zhrlc, re questing bis Worship te " look Into" a case in which a brother of tbo writer was defendant, but wbo was unable to appear as he was away. The wiiter also requested the Bench to state to cumplalnant that defendant was willing to pay the amount, 12s , in weekly Instalments of half a crown. Complainant appeared, and the Bench made an order for the full amount. A station hand named Thomas Jackson has been committed for trial by the Ararat Bench for indecently assaulting Mary Jane Dooloy, ten years of age, on the 18tb, at Lnngl Ghersn. The young man Hoisted, who was appre hended for the alleged abduction of Mhs Slmson, was brought before the Bennlla Police Court on the 24th and discharged, as there was ne ap pearance for the prosecution. An accident, attended with fatal consequences, occurred on the afternoon of the 21st, at Cocka too, in tbe Maryborough district. Tlio circum stances of tho case are very peculiar, ss will be seen by tbe following evidence of n man named Smith, giveu at tbo coroner's Inquest: — " Thomas Smith : I am a blacksmith, ond reside at Cockatoo. I know the deceased, and identify bis body. On Saturday afternoon last, between tbo hours of 6 and G o'clock, deceased passed my shop on horseback. He was riding rather fast. I was standing nt my door looking at him. After ho had gone about 100 yards tbe borsc ' propped,' nnd deceased wont over tbo neck of the horse, and fell or bis bead. After this be mounted again, and rode a short distance: He then rodo up to me, and I nsked Mm if be had hurt himself. He replied ' No.' In about a mlnuto after, ha turnod round, got off bis horso, and said ' I feel very queer.' I took hold of the bridle, and he walked about fifteen yards to Palmtr'a store, and then fell as if in a fit. Dr. Southoe was sent for immediately, nnd arrived in about three-quarters of an bour. Deceased was tben dead, nnd hed been for some minutes." Tbo evidence of Dr. Southec showed that the deceased had died from injuries to the rplne. Mr. T. P. Hill treated the inmates of tbe Benevolent Asylum to a series of readings on Friday evening. Mr. Dickson occupied tbe chelr. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Hill, on the motion of on inmate, who alluded to that gentleman as ona of those who had done much to start and continue these lectures and concerts, which had been such a source of amusement to the old folks. This week's Police Gazette has the following extract from the Soutli Australian Pellce Ga zette Information is requested respecting James Coutls, called 'Street Couts,' wbo left England in 1852-3-4; also for Alexander Robbio. Theso persona nre Inquired for at the Instance of HU Royal Highness the Duke of Eliuburgb, nnd exortions nre to be made to find them out." Rv the Alkarabrft trn linvn UnUlrlkn nnnnpi tn the 20th, and Greymouth to tbo 10th Inst. Intelligence of the discovery of u very rich gold- field jo tbe vicinity of Ihe Five-mile bad been received nt Kskitlka. It was also reported tbnt now paj able ground liltd b;ca discovered In the Wnlmea district. A man had been apprehended on susplciou of having muidered another In thai locality: Iu the Evening Star a telegram ap pears, stating that the wholo of the Auckland Provincial Government officers had received notice to quit by the end of tho year, and that tho General Government have impounded the Custtms revenues of the province to pay divi dends on kano. Tncaullonsly burning stubble is well-known to be n fruitful cause of bush fires. A serious ca lamity was nearly taking place on the nigbt of tbe 24th, through a careless operation of Ibe kind. It seems that flames wero seen to the north of Lerderderg Bridge, near Darley, and fears wero entertained by thoso who saw it from a distance that tbo stacks of some unfortunate farmer wero being consumed. Mcsis. Wllbelm, Peppett, and others, living within n mile of the place whoro tbe flames burst out, were iu bed on the alarm being given ; but they quickly drcrsed, and made for the nearest point of the Lerderdcrg, which they hastily crossed, Mr. Peppett having fallen iuto a deep watcrhole In Ills hurry. Ou arriving at the spot tkoy found that tbe owner aud wife had been burning off the stubble. The well-meaning arrivals were indignant, and ro- buked the industrious couple for placing the pro- party of their neighbours in jeopardy ; to which the lady's " unruly number" retorted, " Who sent for you t I'm surd W8 didn't," If h strong wiud bad a iien while tbe stubble wns being burnt, nothing could have saved a largo amount of property in tbe Immediate neighbour hood, with a prospect of further loss on Good man's Creek. An extraordinary fracas forms tho subject of tbe following narrative, which wo find In tbo Star : — " About 10 o'clock on Thursday night Mr. Henry Psrtliw, a resident of Smytbcsdale, was standing within a few yards of tbe local police -camp gale, when Mr. John Brodle, Crown lands bailiff at Smythesdale, came for ward and demanded to know lils name, and what he was doing there. Mr. Pf rslow replied that It war not his business, whereupon Mr. Brodle flourished bis stick over Mr. Parslow'a heod nnd struck tbe telegraph post adjoining. Mr. Parslow at first thought Mr. Brodle was joking, and said to him ' 1 think your Home is Brodie.' Mr. Brodle replied that It wnn, and demanded to know Mr. Parslow's name again. Mr. Parslow replied that bo was a constable, and that If Mr. Brodle did not mind what ho was about he would ho taken to tbo lock-up. Mr Brodie then said thet he was a bailiff, and would take htm to tbe lock-up, r.t tlio sauio time shoving Mr. Parslow and drawing out n pistrl, which he snapped three times at Mr. Parsl iw, and then struck furiously with it at Mr. Pnrslow's licsd — Mr. Parslow stooping to evade tbe blow. Tno police, wbo were at band, examined tbe pistol, nnd found that fortunately It was not londed, other wise Mr. Parslow would most probably havo bten shot dead ou the spot. Mr. Brcdle, who seemed In a delirious stale, said be was very sorry tbe pistol had not been loaded ; tbnt while lying In his btd reading some person bed fired three shotn through his window, and that he had followed Mr. Parslow, thli king he was tho cff.ndcr. He also muttered something inco herently respecting his apprehension of getting into trouble, in connection with tho erection ol the arch raised la honour of the ducal visit. Tbe police did not, It seems, consider themselves justified In arresting Mr. Brodle at the time, and on Friday morning Mr. l'ar.hw went back to the camp to havo tbe ntcossary steps taken in tbo ease. On tho matter being made known to tho police moglstrnte, ho directed that a medical Inquiry into tho stole of Mr. Brodie's mind should bo made forthwith, In order to obtain data to guide him In dealing with the esse." We have Adelaide papers to tho 2Gth. Great destruction has been caused by bush 'fires |n various parts of tbo eolony. In the case of the late Mr. F. Qroto, who recently committed ealclde, tbe jury returned a verdict of felo de ee and ths coroner thon erdored that tho deceased should bo burled within twenly-four hours and between 9 and 12 o'clock at nigbt. ' Wo nro sorry to learn that Mr. Brewer County Court Judge, continues In a very pre! carious stala of health, causing great anxiety to his numerous circle of friends. An advertisement In onotfcer column an nounces that n meeting will be held- it 8cott'a hotel this afternoon nt 2 o'clock, for the pnrpore of forming a company for shipping fresh moat In tins to England. George Smith, his two sonB, nnd another man residing nt Footscrny, enmo to Melton on the 20th for firewood. They went Into Mr. Slough- ton's paddock for tbo lond, and whilst there ono of the sons, n boy about twelve yecra of ago, was killed la a very scd way. The fother staiod at the inquest that whilst he nnd the other man were loading the waggon with wood, dccoosed yoked a horso to a log lying In a elautlr.g position with one end on the ground, and tho other In the fork of a Btondiog tree. It Is supposed that tha boy went back a little way from tho horse, which must then havo moved on, for the log fell down nnd crushed tho hoy's bend, killing him instan taneously. Tho jury returned a verdict of acci dental death. From tho Warrnatnbool district very dis couraging accounts relative to the crops come. Rust ond grub have caused great destrucilm to the wheat. Mr. Marsh announces a grand soiree miui. cale at the Prahrnn Town-hall for Thursday evening next, under distinguished patronage. The vocalists on the occasion will Include Miss Georgia Ilodaon, Miss Annie Brantley, Mrs. Fox, Mr. Armcs Bsaumint, Mr. F. Lystor, and' Mr. Sutcliffo. The Gorman Llcdartafel will nlsosing some of their national aire. A most destructive hush fire occurred In the neighbourhood of Bacchus Marsh on Clnlstmas Day. Tho pasture of about twenty miles of country wns destroyed, nnd n largo number of fences. Tho West Bouika Guardian thus describes the disastrous effect of tbe conflagra tion : — " It appears the fire wan first observed by aomo men employed by Mr. Hngh Mcikle In Ihe erection of a bridge at Yoloak Vnlo, at which time the flames were rising from soma long ' tusslcky' grnts twenty chains from the camp. They did nil they could to extinguish tbo flro, but without avail, and Mr. Meikle's tools, tent, blankets, etc., were consumed. Tbo bridge la course of erection had a narrow escape, being saved by the earth carted from n cutting for the approaches having been placed on the side of the road towards which the fUme3 wero rapidly coming cn. Messrs. Brown and Burt, with tbeir men, worked incessantly to divert tbe Are from cropi in stook, which they enc:ecded in doing. Tho fire then started ccros3 tho Bun- gecltnp country, devouring grass and fences at a fearful rate. The selectors under the 42ad sec tion of the Land Act wero tbe greatest sufferers, and tha least able to bsar tbo losses incurred. Mr. Coffey lost nil his grcs3 and fencing, miles of which belonging to other selectors received almlla: treatment. Several of them havo been havo been ruined by tbo conflagration, after months of toil to secure a horns und bring tbe land into profitable cultivation. A fow paddocks of wheat escaped, owing to their unripe state." On Friday night last George Jthnsen, a sailor belonging to the Lady Darling, wbilo engaged lu doing something to tbo tackling of that vessel, met with nn accident. Somo of tbo tackling broke es be was pulling n rope, nnd through the sudden jerk lie fell and fractured bis leg. He was taken to tbe Hospital. Another man, named David Hartnet, was also taken to tbo Hospital on Saturday, haviDg n fracture of tbe right leg, caused by a fall. A correspondent of tbo Hamilton Spectator relates the following anecdote, which we com mend to future writerson (he romance of natural history: — "Tho other evening I wss called upon to sacrifice (o tho dei inform a snake which lied been porcmbulatlng certain premises, to the great annoyanco and dkcomfituro of tbe inmates, lie had been beard ami seen, but before an executioner could bo found had put in a ' dis appearance.' Pussy, however, got on his track, nnd br dint nf nnllttm- nnd hlsslmr. suc- ceeding in attracting tba attention of some per son near. When I was called upon, I found puss sitting up walling, nnd as soon as he saw mo ho walked quietly, tail erect, up to where the snake lay coiled up In the gra=s in front of the premises. He then stood still (ill I succeeded iu killing this disturber of tho public peace, and then Walked gff, seemingly quite contented. I mention this fact, ns it Is the first time, 'tlnco tbe creation of cats,' I have ever known ono turn pointor." A musical entertainment wss given In tbe Tciopernnce-holl en Saturday nvcnlng. Tbo hall was crowded, and Mr. C. E. Jones, M.P., occupied tbe chair. Various songs and readings wero given effectively by Misses Lambert and Tozir, nnd Messrs, Dwight, Fcx, Cooke, Norman, Cory, Pierse, Robins, and Power. Madame Pott presided at the pianoforte. At tbo Wurrnambou! Police Court ou tbe 24th, William F.cckleton wns charged with at tempting to commit suicide by drowning himself In the Mcrrl, at Wocaford. Tbe dcfcadaut was drunk at the lime. He wa3 cautioned as to further transgressions of the kind aud discharged. A man named Ileury Fry died in tbe Hamil- ton Hospital on tbe 17th. wben ndmlttcu be was in a semt-dellrlous stats, cud complained of a lilp dislocated, which, however, was found to ko uninjured. lie told the wardsman that bis ' missus" bed given him two bottles of medicine, one far outward aud tho other for internal uso, and that he had swallowed the wrong stuff. Dr. Jenkins preset 1 bod far him, and finding him get ting worse, hied him In the afternoon. The post mortem examination dhclcBtd that ths causo of death was opopkxy, which Dr. Jenkins con sidered might have been tho result of exposure to ths sun. A verdict accordingly was returned. Tho cost of receiving the Prlnco at Sandhurst will amount In rouud numbers to ubout L4200. 1 1 Is said that tho reception cxponses at Ballaarat will reach quite L10,0U0. Cnstlemnluo's liability is somewhere nbout L1000. Deducting tbo Government grant, tbo balance against tbe Sandhurst pooplo will ba L1500, exclusive of tba LG00 voted by th9 borough council. A coroner's inquest was held on Friday, at Serpentine, on the body of James Murphy, whose death occurred on Christmas Day under the following chcuinstonees. The deceased and two other labourer) camo to the Serpentina from tbo Loddon, where thoy bad somo nobblcrs, sad then drove away in a cart ou their return. When It became dark they took tho horse out of tbe cart, and the deceased nnd ono of tlio others lay down to sleep under it. During the night tbe cart tilted up, nud fell tn the deceased, kllllDg him. Tho jury returned ail appropriate verdict. Oa the 2Gth a private match between Crom well, the property of Mr. John Turvey, J.P-i aud Minn, belonging to Mr. Bastain, of Muckls- ford, came (41' on the Ncw.-tcad racecourse. Owing to Cromwell bolting tli9 mnrc won easily. A second race between tiia two hsd a similar result. Mr. J. Moln Is making en nltempt to grow malzs on bis farm at tlio Pcntlnnd Hills. H has somo twenty, four aercB cf various kinds, including horse-tooth, uluety-doy, Tnscnrnrn (from which malzcnn Is made), white flint, aud tbo sweet vnrloty, Tho whole of tbe Tuscararn lookB exceedingly well, nnd promises cn abun dant harvest. This kind lie considers bee adapted to the soli nnd cllmite of the Pentlan Hills, where it will grow profitably, and equal ' quality any over grown in New South Wne i Tha sweet mntzi doeB not look so heollhy i might be desired, but this Is supposed to arise I from being sown rather early. September best mouth for sowing on the Hills, and October for warmer localities. Mr. Main feels confident | that his experiment wi 1 bo a successful one, and moreover a profitable investment for himself and others who rosy follow the example set them. Mr. W. H. Thompson, corn merchant, Bal- laarat, Is mentioned as a probable candidate for I3illasr.it Eist. A requisition to him is being prepared by a portion of the electors. Mr. Bowe is also reported to intend soliciting the suffrages of the earns constituency. The following useful rhymes liavo been for warded for publication : 8tieiuho and sailing rules Aids to Memory, lo Rhyme, by Tnomns Gray, AI.N.A. (Assistant Secretary Board of Trade). Tko StcamiMps Hating. Meeting Steamers do not dread When yon see Three Lights ahead- Fort your helm, and Bhow your Beo. Tico Sltamthipt Patting. Green to Greek— or, ltEn to Bed— Perfect safety- Go uhead I Tiro Steamthipt Crotting. If to your Starboard red app ar. It Is your duty to keop dear i Toaot as Judgment says Is proper— Fo Port— or btarbozrd— Back— or, Stop her I But when upon yonr Portia seen A Steamer's starboard light of Grebn, There's not so much for you to do. The Green light must keep dear of yon. Central Caution. Both In safety and In doubt Always keep a good look- out ; In dinger, with no room to turn, EuBe her !— Stop Her !— Go astern t A Geelong paper suggests that hearings In fraud summons cases should take place in cham bers, bo that the pro.cnt very objectionable mode of proceeding may be obviated, and no Injury dono to anyone. Defendants are now examined on oatb, end innocent or not are compelled to disclose their private affairs to a gaping and, in smaller towns especially, a scandal-loving crowd. On Thursday evening a stable belonging to Mr. Malcy, solicitor, at St. Alban's, was burnt down under rather suspicious circumstances. A bursa which was la o atoll at the time was saved with some difficulty. A copy of Walcb's Literary Intelligencer for December Is to hand. Tills production, which isnubilshed at Hobart Town, contains the pro- prietor's advertisements el new boobs, music, etc. At the Police Court, Bacchus Marsh, on tbo 22nd, John Paine, jun., Wlilism Smith, and Alexander Paterson were charged with being guilty «f a cnrcless use of fire, by which much property wus destroyed. From the evidence it appeared that tne defendants had made a tiro to char eomo posts which they wero putting up. A fire broke out aimultoneously near the piece, and caused great destruction of property on the farms of Mr. W. Hines and others. As the Bench were not satisfied that the firo made by the defendants caused tho ether, they dismissed the case. The number of prisoners confined In the Central Gaol on Saturday last was 295, classified as follows: — For trl.il before Supreme Court, 7 males, 1 female ; beforo magistrates, 18 males, 6 females; hnrd labour, 110 males, 17 females ; Imprisonment, Go males, 42 females; lunatics, 13 males, 1 female ; debtors, 5 males. Total, 224 males, 71 females. Tho Musical Union give a concert this evening, at the Town-hall, Prahran, in aid of the funds of the Melbourne Institute lor Diseases of the Eye nod Ear. The cantata, " St. Cecilia's Day," which, with Mr. Sims Reeves in possession of the tenor solo, created such a favourable Impression at the Bradford Musical Fesiival, is to be po: formed for the first time in this country. Hie work is replete with graceful and piquant melody, and is likely, we think, to become a popular favourite here. The Union have doHO a great deal of good in a quiet, unob trusive way. There was no novelty presented at any of tlio theatres on Saturday night, but every place of amusement in the city was well attended. At tho Theatre Royal there was a large audience, nnd tho pantomiir.o was received Willi marked approval, Mr. Harwood was suffering from the effects of a very bed cold, which to some slight extent incapacitated him from doing full justice to his part. Mr. Stewart appears to have totally misconceived the character entrusted to him. At tbo Hayinarkct everytbiog had been got Into perfect order, and the burlesque pantomime caused a large nmount of amusement to a full bouse. Tbo Japanese performers at tho Princess repeated their extraordinarily clever entertain ment, certainly tbo best thing of the kind which bos ever been given in Australia. All tho tricks are well done, and nothing in the shape of apparatus is employed. The feniaio performer on tho slack rope goes through her business with perfect ease, without tho aid cf any balancing polo, and appears qulto at home In ber ole7ated position. In spite of other attractions in the shape of two pantomimes and the clover per formances of the J cpaneso Troupe, u very fair and decidedly appreciative audience were present at St. G:orge's-linlI on Saturday night to hear Mr. Walter Montgomery read. Tho programme included " The Sevon Agesof Man," " Woisey'a Fall," Polonius' Advice, Hubert and Arthur, the Churchyard Scene, "The Bells," "Mary's Ghost," "The Raven," nnd "Mr. and Mrs. Smith nt Homo," tho new sketch by Henry Morrcll Acton, of Manchester. Of tho Shak- sperlan rendtngs it would ba superfluous to say more than that thoy were read in Mr. Mont gomery's usual effective style — bis wonderful power of vocal change and inflection of tone placing erch separate character vividly beforo bis hearers, who listeoetl attentively to the half querulous coniplsiutof Wolsey rising Into dignity towards its close, to the pompous warniugs of the old Danish courtier, and tho piteous plead ings of the youthful Princo from whose shattered corpse even the reckless Bastard shrunk back in horror. One had only to close the eyes for a moment, and imagination assisted by the changing voice of the reader pieced the forest, tho church-yord, and tho prison cell as clearly hefere you ns if gazed on from the boxes of a theatre. But of the other rccdings, " The Bells," "Mory's Ghost," Bnd especially "The Raven," we must speak separately. The first ha9 been almost universally admitted to bo one of Mr. Montgomery's best renderings, and beyond a doubt the peculiar metallic clang bis voice assumes when repeating tho refrain, "The bells, bells, bells," etc., adds forco and reality fo his coiauitng of the picture. It is easy, in fact, as ha reads, to listen in fancy, first to the gay bells of rejoicing, and then to the furious clamour of tho fierce alarum. The grim humour, teo, pervading Hood'a poem was well brought out'; but tho gem of the evening was " The Raven." Wa have heard more than one man read " The Ravon," and read it well, too, but never any one sj well a3 Mr. Montgomery. The strange, weird influence thnt this mosteruieco of Poe's eccentric crsnius exercises over any niind oppreclalivo of true poetry was, in the esse of the audience on Saturday last, made by tbo power of the reader wonderfully , manifest. To many of those listening tho effect of tho reading-was evidently to renievo the hail in whieli they were seated, and place in lis stead the 6tudy of the lonely mourner Into whoso solitude tho dark bird from tho Plutonian shoro only penetrates' to make solitude even more un endurable, by taking away all hope of Nepenthe. The half frightened, half sneering manner in which the rBven is first addressed, changing soon to entreaty, and then to wild passionate adjuration, was most powerfully given, so power- , fully Indeed thnt tho shadow of tho raven ro- -r- meincd "floating on tho floor" for some time H after the reader's volca had died away. The J next reading, a poem "al'Ingoldeby," c'o- K f scribing the chronic disagreement of two county ) families, and the absurd consrqueuces of tbclr H p both calling on n newly married couple at the ' same time, afforded Mr. Montgomery another apporiunlty of showing the versatility of III his talent. The astonishment and horror of | j the lady with the " very gelatinous baby " at I the sudden coming of her sworn enemy, her con- cealment in tho closet, leaving the baby In the arms of tbobiide of a month, and the subse- Vtent remark of the pompous, stupid old country B magnate on tlio too early condition either of the H Ume or the baby, are described in the most H . comical manner. Taking Saturday night as a Bpeclmen, ono can only feel sorry that such a reader as was then listened to cannot remain lunger among us. 