ON COMING EVENTS. To the Editor of The Herald. 8ir, — No definite plan of operations has yat been put forward by the Princo Alfred Reception Committee. Thl9 want I proposo to partially supply. My comprehensive experlenco, and ver- satility of talent fn the management of other people's affairs, peculiarly fit mo for so doing. I will, thercrefore, sketch out a programme for tbo first day's proceedings, just to give an idea of how those affairs should be conducted. Tho Prince will land at Sandridgo Railway pier, where ho will ba received by tbo Governor, Judges, clergy, and officcra of State. With hta Excellency ho will shake hands. Tbo Chief Jus tice will get two fingers, tho Bishop one. His Royal Highness will probably wink at the Chief Secretary, and Is almost certain te (mile ot tbo Mayor, especially if his Worship should appear in full Highland costume, and brown bis legs with walnut ju>cc. The Mayer should ho a ccompaaled by a sword-bearer, with a "cap of maintenance," which Is merely a potk- ple hat trimmed with rabbit skin, A man in armour bIso would give effect and pictorial conse quence to the municipal turn- on t. Perhaps the town clerk would lend bis favourlto suit for the occasion. On reaching tho Sandridge road, Hie assembled populaca should give ane-and- twenty cheers, a man on tha Sugsr house wavicg time with the Union Jack. On the road there should bo on incessant discbarge of fire arms and Chlncso crackers, the smell from which will effectually disperse the mosquitoes, and make tbo atmosphere enjoyable. At Emerald Hill tho HByor and council will present themsclvrs, the town clerk delivering a short address. All tho speeches should be brief, with an accompaniment of brass music to relieve the embarrassment of the llstcnere. At this point the Prince might, without any Imperial Impropriety, tako a drink; and should lie be happily prompted tocallitn nobbier, it will bo a great hit and " bring down tho house." Hero and there a collection nf school children should be lotrodHced to sing (lie Na tional Anthem, and young lady teacheis in white muslin might present a bouquet, which His Royal Highness will hand over to the custody of bis first lieutenant. Foreign consuls in cocked hats might then appear upon the scene, tied ex- members of Parliament, walking four abreast, with a band of music — liko I'razeu-out gnrdencrs — would make on Interesting nldllicn. At P.Ince's Bridge o gate should b9 erected ta Imitation ofTemple Bar, and thrown open at tho Prince's arrival, disclosing the aldermen of Mel bourne in swords and silk stockings, whowould express their delight and loyalty. Short speeches here, with cake end wine, and n German sere nade, just to vary the monotony of tbo progress. A few balloons might be sent up with advantage at brief intervals, just to obviate any lktles-ntsz of interest on the part of His Royal Highness. In town a continued consumption of gunpowder must be kept going, it being a powerful disinfec tant and calculated to conceal tho odour of the open sewers. His Highness should eto;i at tiio Town- ball, and again rccuperato with sparkling moisture. A few deputations and addresses could bs crowded in at this paint. On his way to the Treasury the Prioce might ascend tho tower of the Congregational church, and enjoy, a view of tho city. At the Treasury stens thoru will be au ample supply of music, beautiful women, flowers, flags, aud smoke of gunpowder. More speeches, more cheering, more cake end wine; after which His Rsynl Highness wilt proceed to Toorak. On tho way a kangaroo might be let go in the Richmond Park, nnd run down in tho Royal presence. At the vice-regal residence His Royal Highness will alirht on red carpet, and be allowed ten minutes for repots and to wash his hands. Conversation should then occupy full twenty mlnuteB, and twenty mora ought to be set apart for a quiet smoke. Bil liards should next engage His Royal Highness' attention till dinner tlmo. -At dinner a military band in the vestibule, aud a continual dis charge of fireworks, and select local anec dotes. After dinner, tome cholco vocal music, a rubber of whist, and a stroll to the Ysrrn hank to witness the pyrotechnic display on the Rich mond flit. No further effort of amusement should be attempted on the first day of arrival, it being desirable to consider that caaon of true politeness which prompts one to placo its ohjsat perfectly at ease. After a day's repose the Prince will' bo bettor prepared for a more com plete round of amusement, and tho programmo might be msde more varied and extensive. It is not, however, desirable to gorgo tbe youi Princo with entertainment at tho outset, satiate his appetite for fireworks, music, loyal rhetorical demonstrations all at onco. . hasty sketch of an Idea for the first da; /„ _ reeding might appear meagre, but It could be much extended and Improved In del nil by the Reception Committee!; und with tbo fervent hope and just expectation, that those gentlemen will \- not permit us to Buffer under the atlgmn of having failed to make the most of the oppor tunity, I leave thera to tbo performance of their onerous but agreeable te.k- TOM CRINGLE'S GHOST. 