DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING. * AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. CHAPTER XIV. NEWGATE. Newgate ! How suggestive the very word! What associations cluster round the name! How the heroes of the far-famed “ Calendar” start into life at the very sound, and are visioned before us in all their pristine glory ! How it bears the memory back to the good old times, and begets a reverence for “ The grand old law, the simple plan, That he should take who has the power, And he should keep who can.” Ghosts glide before us as we breathe the mystic ________________________________________ *All rights of reproduction and of translation re- served. ________________________________________ syllables, and Claude Duval, Captain Maheath, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sheppard seem, in the spirit, present. Newgate ! thou great school for the improvement of the mind upon the mutual instruction system ; thou world of re- condite mysteries ; thou teacher of unknown tongues ; with thy choice precepts and thy perfect examples, with thy philosophical theo- ries and thy daily practices, how many a youth hast thou filled with a spurious and misdi- rected emulation, and been the means of raising to the most exalted station, thy records chronicling his fame, and thy mansion itself becoming his mausoleum ! More than once have I trodden thy passages where sleep the dead in their unepitaphed notoriety, and I have thought of the poet’s words, and found it easy to believe that there might rest “ Some heart once pregnant with celestial fire ; Hands which the rod of empire might have swayed, Or waked to ecstacy the living lyre.” I have often heard it said that simplicity should be twin to greatness, and I never was so forcibly struck with the truth of this remark as when the liveried footman of Her Majesty’s carriage handed me out at the door of Newgate. I had seen the outside of one or two of the modern—or model, if you like— palatial seminaries for ethical tuition, and the meretricious manner in which they were decked out appeared to me to be a sort of carved commentary upon their own weakness. But here, how different ! No wide portals replete with architectural ornamentation were opened for my reception. A little wooden wicket turned on its hinges, and in a moment the busy street was behind me, and a turnkey, a second Daniel Lambert in size, stood before me with a not unpleasant smile upon his face. In those days photography was not in the service of the prison, and so my personal appearance and previous history had to be sketched with pen and ink. This was done instanter — five feet seven and a half, slender, light brown hair, grey eyes, fair complexion, read and write, Pro- testant, born at Finchley, Middlesex, age six- teen, once in prison before for vagrancy, con- genital brown mark on right side near upper ribs—and the picture was complete. I was then introduced to the reception ward, where there were already three inmates. I was by no means appalled by the look of the place. I had been familiar with far worse in my non- professional days. There was accommodation only for nine, if my memory serves me right]y. The sleeping berths were contained in a three- storied frame, and there were three rugs and a mat to each berth. The ward contained a fire-place, but the weather being warm there was of course no fire. Over the fire-place was a bust rudely carved, which my companions assured me was a traditional likeness of Jack Sheppard. Above was a large board, on which was a painted notice that any defacing or injury of the books placed in the ward would meet with punishment. What books were referred to I cannot say, for I never saw any, except in chapel, during my sojourn in the prison. There was a dietary scale hanging up by the side of the ward door, and a glance at this convinced me that the turtle-loving civic authorities had framed it in a syp- pathetic spirit. I should like to minutely record their generous bill of fare, but my memory is treacherous. I know that the gruel was nice and sweet, that the bread was good, and the meat and potatoes satisfying. The precise quantities I cannot now specify. I only passed one night in the reception ward, and this I spent listening to the narrations of my companions, two of whom were in for passing counterfeit coin, and the other for picking pockets. I must admit, however, that their language for the most part was incom- prehensible to me. The pickpocket described how to be fanned a bloak’s kick, and then touched him of a dummy ; that the bloak tumbled and gave out the pay ; that he made tracks like winken ; that the bloak continued to give beefment ; that a flat stopped him ; handed him over to a crusher ; that he had slung the dummy ; that the bloak rapt hard against him, and so he was fullied to the start, and was sure to get seven stretch on account of his formers. The two for the bad money talked about being out of date, smashing, half- culls and counters, ringing the changes, &c.; I told them I didn’t know the meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my greenness, they explained everything to me. I in my turn astonished them with some of my own doings, and they soon declared I was no flat after all. In this manner passed my first night in Newgate. The next morning, after the medical officer had examined me, I was placed in one of the ordinary day-wards of the prison. The ward, with the exception of being larger, was in all respects the same as the reception-ward. There was the fire-place, and the painted board the book notice, the rack sleeping berths, the mats and the rugs. There were also two tables and four forms, which I remember ex- ceedingly well, as the forms were used draught- boards, and the tables for playing at shove-half-penny, buttons being used instead of halfpence. There were not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I entered, eight of these were employed at a well- known prison game called “coddem.” As I was well-dressed and differed a good deal in appearance from the general inmates of the place, attention was immediately directed towards me. I can bear testimony both to the zeal and skill of some of my companions, for before I had been in the ward an hour my silk handkerchief, which I afterwards ascertained was a “ belcher,” had changed ownership, having keep adroitly filched from my pocket by some light-fingered artist in the “ dipping” line of the profession. I made a virtue of necessity, and bore the loss good- humouredly, and as I could tell a good story, I soon became quite a favourite with my companions. My prison acquaintances were by no means limited to those confined in the same ward with me, for when we were out in the airing-yard, which we were half the day, the inmates of three or four wards were together. I don’t pretend that my virtue was much alarmed at the scenes I daily moved among ; but I certainly was astonished that proceedings such as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a prison. Publicly in the airing-yards lessons in crime were zealously taught on the mutual instruction principle. The burglar sketched upon the prison pavement the instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tongue, explained their various uses. The shop-lifter explained the various methods by which his branch of the profession might be profitably pursued. The pickpocket was more apt in deed than in word, and gave practical instructions in “ buzzing.” In short I have no hesitation in saying that the zeal of the professors in this college was so untiring, the methods of instruction so varied and so apt, the knowledge imparted so extended, that any person with ordinary intellect would, after a term or two, be qualified for a degree. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to me. One was a young man not much over twenty, good- looking, tolerably well dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the word merely in its scholastic sense. He was one of the most expert pickpockets in London, and was known as “ Sullivan the Wire.” The other was a middle-aged man ; had been three times transported, and boasted of it ; knew every cant term of the prison, and could do something in all the branches of prigism ; was a shrewd man of the world, with a fair amount of intelligence ; was a clever sophist in attempting to justify crime ; carried on business in London as a “ fence ”; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but for want of sufficient evidence, was sure to be acquitted. These two companions were apt teachers, the one giving practical lessons, and the other enforcing with a dangerous plausibility his favourite theories. Many an hour Sullivan busied himself with an earnestness worthy of a better cause in- structing me how to pick pockets. He was an adept at the business himself, and by constant practice I soon became almost as expert as he was. I have never exercised my skill for my own profit in the world except on one oc- casion, when, having had my pocket-book taken from me on the Melbourne racecourse by one of a party of three, I followed them into a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and emptied their pockets into the bargain, a regular “diamond- cut-diamond” affair. My other Newgate com- panion—Johnson, the fence—was, in my teach- ings, of a far more dangerous character. In favour of crime he advanced the same sort of argument that had occurred to myself. But there was this difference between us. However cunningly I might entangle myself in my own sophisms, I was never completely deceived by them, but always had an innate conviction of their falsity. With Johnson it was otherwise. His mind was so utterly warped that he be- lieved as he argued, and had no vision of the truth which lay beyond his own pernicious doctrines. Faith, either in the false or the true, begets earnestness ; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teacher, and as a result confounded vice with virtue, or attempted to justify to myself the evil I have committed. Johnson’s knowledge of cant I largely availed myself of, and if I am now an authoroty in technical terms it is owing to his teachings. I composed several flash songs for the great master linguist, to be sung in the prison yard, but I now turn from them myself with loathing, and cannot suppose that the reader would do otherwise. These compositions were more curious than edifying. It was thus that I passed the time in Newgate. But what could be expected ? The activities of the mind will employ them- selves, and in the absence of everything good they are sure to occupy themselves with evil. With no books, no occupation of any kind, it is not much to be wondered at that I and my fellow-prisoners described crime in all its ramifications, and were daily fitting ourselves for still more guilty deeds on our return to the world, than those for which we were then awaiting our doom. There was no attempt at classification, and as for some reason or other the men were frequently changed from ward to ward, by the time the sessions commenced I had made the acquaintance of nearly every committed prisoner in the jail. I thus had the criminal character before me in a variety of its phases ; and, young as I was, and quite as criminal as any there, I analysed it with a kind of philo- sophical interest. Among the rankest weeds there were still flowers struggling for existence — in the natures the most depraved redeeming traits were to be found. Most of the crime around me was of prison growth, and the fountain-heads, whence flowed all its streams were ignorance and poverty. 