CHAPTER VI. GLASGOW SOCIETY. My wife and I saw something of Glasgow society, such an inkling of it as colonial visitors might get, but we experienced in full its free and hearty hospitality. Essentially commercial, Glasgow has, comparatively, little of class or part conventionality. The mercantile order is one ; each member of it has his origin in it, or has glided into it from the ranks beneath ; none claim a higher affinity, and wonderfully well acquainted are the whole with the standing and circumstances of each, the commerce of daily life being a ready se- same to the attainment to this important knowledge. Families and individuals, there- fore, mingle very readily, enjoy each other's society, spiced, sometimes only, with those temporary and petty scuffles and jealousies, that will interfere with the placid cuurent of social intercourse. But such ripples and eddies are all within their own caste. There is no other caste. No such lean inheritors of long genealogies as in the refined atmosphere of the neighbouring capital stalk abroad, the ghosts of a family or a name, and superciliously and haughtily turn from people in trade. The landed interests and the professional classes are in a minority in Glasgow, and are compelled to join in the homage which is there paid to commerce, a power which the Glasgowegians all but worship, which underlies all other powers moral and intellectual, and which, sustained by intelligence and impelled by enterprise, has made its merchants what they are, princes among men. Yet is not true that money par excellence is the admission ticket to Glasgow society, any more than rank is to the aristocratic, or fame to the literary, none of which requisites are strictly confined to its peculiar sphere, for money, as everybody knows, unlocks frequently the halls of the proud and titled, and accords to entrée to the vulgar rich. But if it must be confessed that there is a growing exclusive- ness among the upper ranks, or higher order of merchants and manufacturers, which is creating a dangerous rivalry and emulation, it can at least be said that under the shadow of Garnet-hill there if not exhibited anything of that cringing worship which starvlings of pedigreed races pay to mere wealth ; while there are frequently found, at the tables of men of wealth and influence, young men who have just won their spurs, so to speak, or succeeded in passing through that stern ordeal which candidates for commercial status have to pass, in making a character for themselves, although fortune may have vouchsafed them as yet no favours more substantial. The characteristics of a Glasgow man are a hearty frankness and bon hommie, combined with a natural and acquired discriminating shrewdness, the one wonderfully serving the other, and completing the character of a first- class man of business. He is at the antipodes of whatever is morose or gloomy. Always full of life and spirit. If bad news has reached him, he takes care not to let it slip out. In his warehouse, in Lang's or Forrestor's, the celebrated restaurateurs, at his fifteen minutes' forenoon lunch, or in his inner office, where is a cupboard which contains some champagne bottles and a heap of sandwiches, with a customer who has never needed to have his bill renewed, he is ever the same ; and specially so when he has got to his own or his friends' fireside, where all interruption or restraint over, he gives himself up entirely to abandon, and to the full flow of his hearty, jovial nature. And it is entirely generic all this, for the records of Glasgow are, all through, all full an ever-flowing hilarity, and as we recede,we must confess, of a mirth that was sometimes "muzzy," too often, in- deed, in over-bibulous days, when fashion sanctioned it, and the practice entailed no curtailment of respectability. But it is very different now. The baccha- nalian stamp, which was "about the everyday life and conversation as well as about the lite- rature of the last century," has disappeared. The reverse is now the mark of good manners, and temperance the requirement of good society. Who could suppose a Prime Minister not ashamed to "move the House" when he was tipsy now ? or of rum punch or rum toddy being the never-failing accompaniment of sup- per parties ? In dinners, however, the Glasgow grandees exhibit much luxurious extravagance now-a- days, but it is in refinement and elegance, po- liteness that admits of the utmost ease, and restrains no natural flow of spirits, and is inde- pendent of the aid of artificial stimulants in excess. Wine is sparingly drunk — one or two glasses of champagne, sherry once, probably, with hock, Madeira, or claret ; if a whetter to the appetite be indulged in, it is but a toss of brandy in the tiniest of dram glasses, and only one. On the retirement of the ladies, the French custom, which is entirely favourable to tem- perance, of having coffee handed round, has become very general. But drinking not being encouraged, the ladies are not long left alone. And then a Glasgow drawing-room against the world for bright, beaming, laughing faces — the open, merry countenances of the braw lasses of the wast, and for braw lads in very white waistcoats, who have thrown all the cares and toils of this life to the winds, and are now, as they lounge on settees or move about, firing volleys of small chat, or absorbedly listening to the piano performance, or to those fair nymphs who now join in a duet. What care they for fluctuations in cotton, or for sudden depressions of any market whatever ? Yet are four and five-course dinners, shoals, peculiar to these fast times,which have danger in them. Dr. Strang, in Glasgow and its Clubs, says :— "The almost total abandon- ment at the present time of the good old custom of tea-drinking is more to be regretted than perhaps any other that can be mentioned. It was an easy and economical method of assembling many pleasant people without much previous preparation, and without any formality. " And the remark is very sensible. There are a numerous class in Glasgow now, who, ambitious of ascending to a higher position, are induced, from the necessity which they suppose society imposes, to give to which they are strange, and, worst of all, the desertion of that humbler circle of friends in whose company their greatest happiness and pleasure has hitherto been found. There are still, however, a godly circle of the quiet and unostentatious who are unlikely tea-party people, who never give dinners, but adhere to the more simple and social gather- ing around the tea-table. According as taste and circumstances rule, these meetings are tea and fruit parties, or tea and supper parties, that is to say the tea coming first, redolent of cookies, cake, and a variety of light, toothsome things ; the further repast occurs in the course of the evening, or before separation ; easy chit- chat, with agreeable conversation, music, and song being the staple of the evening's pastime and enjoyment, which, among familiar, un- ceremonious friends, is often of a high and im- proving kind. Less the victims of a passion for ambitious position, and more independent perhaps of that conventional thraldom which at home in many an instance almost compels dinner giving, we in New Zealand yet happily adhere for the most part to the more primitive repast, which often, for the convenience of our friends, is converted into what in Scotland is patly named a touzie tea. And, I am con- vinced, the longer we confine ourselves to this, and the less we aim at sherry and expensive dinners, the better we will maintain our moral and social equilibrium, and conserve the happiness of our friends. 