MISCELLANEOUS. The death of Lord Justice Turner has oreated another I series of promotions among the legal officials of Lord I Derby's Government, The Attorney-General, Sir John J Rolt. hu» bean appointed Lord Juitiae j and there hUS j been an eleotion for West Gloucestershire, in the place I of Sir J. Rolt. As Sir John Karslake, who was Solicitor Genera], has now beoome Attorney-General, there was also an eleotion on July 22 for Andover, for whioh the learned gentleman was again returned, like a fortunate lawyer as he is. And Mr. Selwyn, the member for the University of Cambridge, who has succeeded Sir J. Ears* lakeas Solicitor-General,waBtbesamedayre-elected with- out opposition. Thus the legal appointments in the Go- vernment are again oompletod. Dr. Lushington has, from extreme age, resigned his judicial appointments at the Court of Admiralty, and no successor has yet been named. Tho Dake of Richmond, Sir Stafford Northcote, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cave, and Mr, Hunt have been named by the Government to confer with the oommiltee of noblo mou and gentlemen from Ireland who luve boen iu com- munication with Lord Derby upon the subject of the purchase of Irish railways by the State. The account of the gross publio income and expendi- ture for the year ending June SO, 1807, has been issued. The income was as follows:-Customs, £22,531,000; excise, £20,5154,000 ; stamps, £9,4ä4,0(JO ; taxes (land and assessed), £3,496,000; property-tax, £5.660,00); Post-ottioe, £4,550,000; Crown lands (net), £331,000; miscellaneous, £3,126,823 14s. 7d.; total, £69 752,828 14s 7d. Tho folio wiug was the expenditure:-IntertBt and management of the permanent debt, annuities, Exchequer bills and bonds, &c;, £20,140,814 Os. lid.; , oharas on Consolidated Fund, £1,892,357 8s. 4J.¡ bupply services, £38,678,960 16s. Id.; total ordinary ex ponditnre, £66,712,102 5s. 3d ; andoxpensos of fortiilon- | tiou, £350,000; total expenditure, £07,062,102 5s. 3d. ; Excess of income over expenditure for the year, £2,fc90,726 9s. 4d. Tue Atlantic Oadle.-The chairman of the Anglo American Telegraph Company published the following note in the morning papera of July 22, from whioh it ap- pears that theie is another rnpture'of theonble ot I860; -A telegram, dated Valentin, yesterday, 6 p.m. (July 20) reports that the cable of 1SG0 waa broken suddenly on Saturday afternoon; that the preliminary experiments give the locality at 50 nautical milcB from tho other Bide -ii., from lioart's Content. This would indicate a very moderate depth of water, in whioh I hu injury oan bo repaired with great facility, ob iu the case ot the recent accident to the shore end of the same oable. Tho 1865 cable is in perfect order. " I'll Follow Theo I1' is the designation of a cartoon in a late number of the Tomaluwk. It represents tho Piinoo of Wales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding bim bock from pursuing the ghost of Goorgo IV., to whom the prince is saying, " I'll follow thee!" The inforecco is obvious, and'the publioitlon of snob a pioturo is surely a sign of the times j for the Tomahawk (says tho Flaneur iu tho Stjr) is by no means 'a low Rftdic- il piper,' It is another sign of the limos, whioh will probably have beeu liotioed by those whose4 inclination or whose duty prompts their attendance at publio dinners, that while the toast of tho Pi ince of Wales, once so provocative of enthusiasm, is non reosired with comparative ooldnesss, the mention of-tho name of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demon- strations of sympathy and personal attachment. Qui vivra, verra." Tns SiiuFFiELO Trades' Union Commission.-Tho Sheffield Trades' Uuion Commission has oonoluded its efforts to ferret out tbo blaok aoorols of the iniquitous proceedings of the unionists of that district. The latent revelations oomprise the blowing up of several obnoxious workshops. In one case a nailmuker named Watson con- fessed that he received a letter t'iom Helper offering bim £3 to blow up two obnoxious shops at a place called Thorpe Hesley. Pursuing his instructions ho wont to meet a train, where a man gava him a pareol through the oarriage window containing gunpowdor.' Two oans were bought and ohargod ; ho went from the train to the spot; lot the infernal machines down the chimneys of the shop* in the dead of the night, exploded them effeotually, and returned. All this is narrated in tbo coolest and most businesB-like torms. On the next pav-day of turnouts he went to tho plaoe and enquired for " the Belper-man," who asked if hil name was Wa taon, and then handed him the money, without Baying a word as to the orime whioh had been committed. At the dose of the proceedings on July 6 the Commisioners announced that the inquiry would then terminate! and on July 8 the commission olosed with tho distribution of osrtifioatei of indemnity. The onlv case in whioh a certificate was refused was that of Joseph Thompson, who had confessed to employ, ing men to destroy tools and other property, but who in tho opinion of the examiners, baa not made a full disclosure. Mr. Overend, in announcing the close of the inquiry, said that terrible disclosures had bed¥ made, " but ho trusted the effect of these revelations would be to plaoe the unions in a better position by means of legislative action, and that an end would be put to mob crimes as it had been the duty of the examine» to investigate.'' After morning service at Montreux Church, July 11, the Rev. Mr. Bennett, English chaplain, presented to Michael Roux a handsome silver hunting watch with a small bog of money, from the English residents in the neighbourhood, for having saved the life of an English lady who fell from the Rochers de Naye, a distance of 2300 feet, on April 30 last. The oircumstauoes of the oase are these .-A lady and three gentlemen ascended the Kochers de Kaye, from Chillon, on the Lake of Geneva, in the afternooo, and at half-past six o'clock began to retrace their steps, but a quantity of snow having lately fallen tbey missed the path, and got too near the edge of the precipice Oneof the party having lost his footing, slipped down about 300 feet, then stop- ping himself and turning round to assure those above of of his safety, he saw the young lady coming down past him at a tremendous paco. As it was impossible to stop her, he followed by a circuitous route, at the risk of his own neok, and at last succeeded in making her under- stand hewasgoingdowntoprooareassistanoe. Tortunately Miohael Bom was ontting timber not far oft and heard his cries , he desoended at onoo to the valley, where the Iadv was found on a bed of snow, sensible, but in a most suffering state from ber injuries as well as from the cold, snow falling heavily at the time Had there been muoli more delay in reaching her she would not have been found alive Miohael was an hour in getting her up to the nearest chalet, the greater part of the time struggling for life with this heavy burden on his shoulders A litter was prepared and the lady was eventual!) brought down to the Hotel des Alpes, where they arrived at mid- night. She was attended by Dr Garrard so success- fully that at tho end of threo weeks she was able to re- turn to England tolerably well. The lady who gave Mr Spurgeon £20,000 to ereot nn orphanage bas since ordered her plate to be sold for the same object, and Mr. Spurgeon asserts that thedoior has thereby " set an example to all bohevers who have surplus and unused gold and silver which ought to bo put to better use than lying wrapped up m a box." lhe Guards' Institute, whioh is a club for private soldiers and non- ODmmissioned officers, was opened on July li by tho Duke of Cambridge. The building is situated in Francis-street, Vauxhall-bridge-road. It is in the Yeneto-Italian Btyle, and consists of a basement and three stories. On the first floor is a reading room and a billiard-room for privates, and a reading- room for the non-commissioned officers. The second floor is wholly devoted to the leoture and concert-room, whioh is 100 feet in length and 50 feet in breadth, its height being from the floor to the open roof, whioh is constructed in an ornamental style, in varnished deal, 28 feet Among those present were Lord de Grey, General Pee), General Lindsay, Sir John Pakington, several members of the headquarter staff, and many retired officers of the brigade ot Guards, besides upwards of 250 oi the troops quartered ii London. Speeches weie made by tho Duke of Cam bridge, Sir Jahn Pakington, and Earl de Grey A remarkable whirlwind visited the vicinity of Woroester on July 1 The day had been bright, hot, and calm from sunrise, and between 3 and 4 o'olook some haymakers in a field in the village of Whittington, two or three miles from Worcester, observed that the surface of a field of barley near them was disturbed as if by some supernatural agency, the corn being twisted in a strange manner. The whirlwind approaohed the hayfield, and on reaching it, after passing over some 60 or 80 yards, it picked np a mass ot bar, twisting it into a spiral column, and carrying it to a greut height. In this way a considerable quantity nt ha) wai raised m the air, where it distributed itselt ubant'ii fragments, dispersing over a large area, and having iii j up,i an ce ot a mons trous flock of birds of different kinds, borne of the hay was carried for miles, and was'obsün able with a telescope for nearly a quarter of an hour afterwards suspended in the air. Whirlwinds are not unoommon about the hay« making season, but are not often seen on bo large a soale. _^_^_____^_^___ 