...4h»w !LU ,ljr7~rTT~r ' <*«*u iirfjQMHy, :. .V.*) ,.mu j;/ ; -.;; .* twelve o'clock the following day t butmattersdid rot piend, tberetrogade movement continued, gad,eight 60's werelaid.on Tuesday evening., 300to 100 WM repeatedly naked for that Fire works *nd Tim Whiffler beat the fijpld. ahd 40 to 20*ra» hfid against them, 1,000 to 600 wasOfferedtbht the Cap did not go.round tbti Howe, end an Adelaide representative offered' tb take 100 to that even Adelaide " wopped ".Sydney. The, Fly and Falcon were both backed at 100 to 8, andthe latter's price fell on Tuesday evening to 100 to 5\. . 100. to 8 was going abegging about Glencoe,. And 100 even was offered that he heat the field, bar two. Nimblefoot money wai wnnted at 4, or even 5 would'have been accepted) but 100,to, 6 was ell that was forth-, coming. Tory boy and Crusader, the latter having a satisfactory spin on Monday morning,' had mends -at 100 to 4, Barwon at 100 to 4y tod Queen of. Hearts at the same figure. Exile's price has also advanced to 100 to 4, althQHgh I have not seen takers beyond 100 to 8. Cowra was well supported at 100 to 6, lind in some easel at 100 to 7,- and Bip Van Winkle came on Tuesday, and was backed to wina couple of thousands at 100 to 3. Priva teer was not quite so dead as was imagined, and 100 to 6 wps taken, being all that could be got at the prioe, the hooks being full, and: 10 to 1 is the figure now offered. 100 to 40 is laid on the field, Sydney Tim Whiffler being a very fink favourite. A large business was done in double events, Babbler' being a pot for tbfe Steeplechase at 2 to 1, Faugh-a-ballagh at 4 to l, ohd Lady Glare was Very firm at 2 to 1 tor the Puddle JBaoe. Mr. Fisher's pair were aU the rage for both the Ascot Vale Stakes and Maideb Plate, Fenella for the former and Sylvia for the latter being the chosen ones. Although there seems to be a dead Bet against Fireworks, it is .from no other cause, 1 believe, than tbpt bis style of going does not please the early risers; it must not be forgotten that the same opinion was formed of The Barb last year, afcd yet he won the Cup. My own im pression is that the 'Works is not quite him* self, yet he is such a superior animal to most Of the iothersthat if he has not gone altogether wrong it is quite on the cards for'him to bo*l them all over. Nothing h&s; been done lately on the Port Phillip Stakes; fishhook is stall mfcster of die position as first favourite, 6 to 4 is his nominal prioe, "but little money could be had at that, and 3 to 1 is offered about The Barb. Mr. Melhado's 5,000 to 6 book takes immensely, and almost every hone that has a ghost of a chance in the Cup has been faAwn with Fishhook for the Port Phillip Stakes, and the same, or some other, for the Gold Cup at Bandwick. . The entries for the Bendigo handicaps and hurdle htce were made last Week, ana great was theastonisbment of owners when their nominations and cheques were returned them, with an intimation from the secretary that the stewards had for the present withdrawn their programme, as the time fixed for the rsoee would in all probability clash with the festivities which were to be celebrated in Mel bourne in honour of the arrival of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. I do not know whether tbe stewards *had the idea of postponing theii* 'meet with die view of ufoirdingthe' illustrious Btranger, so soon ex pectedamongst us', a treat on their raoecourse during his visit to Bendigo, or whether they are afraid that attractions elsewhere will mili tate against the success of their meeting. Be this as it may, one thing is certain, theyhave* taken a most unusual, if not illegal, step, after advertising their fixture to come off on a cer tain day and inviting entries. Who knows what amount of money foay be pending on certain results, especially in double events? Horses may have been kepi on purpose for the Bendigo Handicap, which raoe last year was a source of a deal of speculation and of infinite interest I trust that the stewards may not have taken advantage of audi festive times as are in con templation from any othbr cause than what we are led to believe {ran their secretary's circu lar, no official intimation of any kind having been given through the prees. The weather has taken up well, add the V.B C. will have a# bumper house. There are more strangers in town, from all parts of the colonies, than I have ever before seen on such an occasion, and an immense deal of excitement and interest is1 manifested amongst all classes as to the result of the Mel* bourne Cup. The Comer and the Governor Arthur Hotel are crowded by day and the Albion by night, all eager to get on to their fancies, and the. ring, especially now that it has been increased by the Sydney division, find ample snppties for all inquirers at very liberal odas. The railway authorities have made every arrangement to convey people to the course, and should the weather be fine, of which th*re is every probability, we will have a meeting on tbe panics of the Saltwater Hirer unapproached by any former woe meeting. 1 observe that the South Australian Jockey Club hss altered the conditions of the Adelaide Cup, which has - formerly been a weight-for age race, With 600 sovs. added; itis now to be ahandicfcp, *ith a sweepstakes of 20 sovs. eaoh, with 200 sovs. added, ihedifttanoe twoxmles, as before. The,winnerof(w»y ban4ioepoft^e ?value of lOO eors. . after tbe .weights are declared to 4arry £lb. extra. Day of ehtoy, 88thlfoveinber next.' thrHurfieBaoe Tuesday. >M>stt*0, the Rose: 'tot the/MetbouroB; 1' OTjlueidJ^ieveu-j | 1 '.!:? 1. .?:! t'.:- t. ''U-'tf < Jfenuur flfcuiifCh. t j m,.T (here Ms littkiibdsiiMM doi^ lomeosceMainty as toltoWhlfflsr^ totting! badwdatA to 4,*t»d4 on tbfefV*eHaridlo toip^gttl'itis 