FROM TOOWOOAIBA TO ROMA, BY OUR VAGRANT REPORTER. ? I suppose I have no one else but mysolf to blame for the soinwhnt smart rap on " tho knuckle you administered to rae in your issue of the 4th instant. I certainly ought to have made you acquainted with the suddeu impulse which had seizcd'mc, to visit the great Roman Capital in the west, and sketch scones and incidents along tho road. You know my vagrant propensities so well by this timo — or nt least ought to do — thnt you should have paused ere you gave currenuy to the insinua tion that I bad either been in the sun, or got into such a state of fogginess, as to lose my way between the Court House and your Office. No, Sir; when you imagined that I was lost obscurity in your miserable bankrupt town of Toowoomba, I was, by the agency of Messrs. Cobb and Co. and four spanking horses, speed ing away over hill and dalo to the regions of the glorious west. I trust you will not again hurt my fceling3 (for I assure you they are very sensitive) in so cruel a manner. I will, however, say no more about it, but proceed to make-such amends as arc in my power for any inconvcnienco to which you may have been subjected, consequent upon my very uncere monious absquatulation, by sending you a few of my notes by tho way. It was a lovely spring morning, and tho sun shone gloriously, when, at seven o'clock, I said good byo to Mr. Matthews your worthy Post master, and took my seat in the coach bound for Roma. Aly fellow-passengers numbered five — threo inside besides myself nnd two on the box. Theso latter, from their extensive get up in tall hats, gloves, and other insignia of the beau raondo appeared to be and doubtless thought themselves manufactured of a superior deaoription of pottery than the common clay of which wo inside passengers woro composed. Of the insides I cannot say much cither as to their outward appcaranco or conversational ability. They consisted of your vagrant reporter (and you know something as to what sort of an object ho looks at seven o'clock in tho morn ing, unless be can raise tho wind and secure individual in spectacles, with a tall white hat, considerably iudentcd, no gloves, and a strong affection for very long and very ragged cigars; he also seemed to bo troubled with intense dryness of the throttle, which compelled him to mako frequent application to a very light green bottlo holding about a pint and a half of what might have been toast and water, and which he carried in a carpet bag under the scat. From this cause, doubtless, it was that he was very taciturn and seldom condescended to open his mouth except to wet bis whistle. I afterwards learnt that he was an AI.D. travelling in search of a field of usefulness 1 ! The other passengers were, a very decent fellow, an engineer, who was en route to Jimbour for tbo washing season— tho superintendent ot Chinchilla, and nu indiscribablc youngster iu a military cloak, the very foe-simile on a small scale of a certain tall and cadaverous ghost, occasionally to be seen in tbo streets of Too woomba with spectacles on nose, a Brigand's bat, riding whip, and top boots, and who is said to have left his grave in search of gold, which ho expects to find somewhere in your neighbourhood. The first portion of tho jourrtfey was passed in moody silence, each ono being wrapped up in his own reflections. For myself I began to think of my boyhood's days, and, amongst other incidents of that interesting period, to recall to memory tho namo of the illustrious Dr. Watts, and the little hymns from his pon which my fond parents taught roe. Oppor- tuncly the following couplet rousca me trom my reverie — " In such society ns this My weary soul wouM rest." 1 Being anything hut of tho doctor's opinion in referenco to tho company I was then in, I at once set to work to see if I could not get up a conversation, and, thinking politics a fair and open field for discussion, I began with the Land Bill, expressing pretty freely my opinions in reference to the conduct nnd policy of Mr. Mncalistcr and his colleagues, and as you know I was always an unbeliever in the Mac- alister Ministry. Certainly, my remarks were not very flattering. Amongst other things I said something to the effect that it would be a merciful Providence that would translate Messrs. Macalister, Douglas, and Bell to legis late in happier regions elsewhere, for wo had had quite enough of their mismanagement in Queensland. I was somewhat puzzled to see my auditors look very queer and exchange ominous glances with each other on the utter ance of such heterodox opinions, but I was i:»i« for tlio rfisrnrarv. which I afterwords made, that the Honorable J. P. Boll, lato Minister for Lands, was himself a listener to my edifying conversation. This I ascertained when wo stopped to change iiorscs at Jondaryan ; and to mend matters and make my position nil the moro comfortable, the interesting young gontlemnn to whom I have beforo roforrcd occupied tho attention of the breakfast tablo by a rehearsal to Mr. Bell of all that I had said, accompanied by notes and emendations of his own. Though I was not cxaotly struck dumb when I discovered the presence I was in, I was pretty considerably nonplussed and felt awkward, a feeling which was not lessened by tho good.nntured banter to which I was subjected by Mr. Bell ; so feeling rather poorly, after making a feeble attempt to stick to my colours nnd boldly avow my infidelity in the Mncalistor Ministry, I thought it oxpodient to tako a walk in the garden until the horses Ebould be ready to re- sumo our journey. On starting afresh Bfr. Boll exchanged seats with young Sprightly, and the tedium of the way was thenceforth enlivened by pleasant chat about pastoral pursuits, cotton- growing, politics, and other matters of general interest. Tho results are materially to modify my opiuion as to Mr. Boll's complotmcnt in tbo misdeeds of the Cabinet. A gentleman in every 6onso of the term, and having evidently studied human character, ho holds opinions of his own for more liberal, and at the samo timo far moro conservative of tlio goncral good, than I oxpectod to hear him oxprcss 1 moreover, he is not blind to tho faults of bis leader, and doos not hesitate to censuro'fiiim wbereih he thinks ho has gono wrong. In my opinion thoro aro worso representatives iu tho House than tho Into Minister for Lands, notwith standing my abhorrence of tho orew with which bo bus been associated. Wo arrived safe at Dalby about 5 o'clock in the evening, when, under tho ministering aid of host Gaylor, and with tho oxtensive re sources of his excellent hostolrie, we wero woll provided for during tho hours of darkness After recruiting the energies of the inner man By a sumptuous supper, or rather a late. dinner, I took a stroll round tho town to sec the place. To a, Btranger its first appearance is prepos sessing ; the streets aro wide, well laid out, properly aligned, and kept in first rato order. This indicates that tho Municipal Council are men of deeds, -and not of words only; in fact your magnates in Toowoomba might take a leaf out of the Dalby book with advantage. The houses nro neat, the stores and shops com modious, and well stocked. Every thing looks beautifully clean and ship shape j in short the . place altogether wears a much more business like and healthy aspect than Toowoomba with all its advantages. Like mostothcr places, Dalby is suffering from commercial depression, but there is little doubt but she will soon recover herself, and that n bright and brilliant futuro is beforo her. At half past 4 o'clock tho next morning the coach was to start for Boma, and as I was the only passcpgcr the driver and I proceeded with her Majesty's mails in a two horse buggy; and hero I would just drop a hint to passengers who may hereafter travel this road, viz., they will do well oro they leavo Dalby to provide themselves with a few sandwiches to stay their appetites for the next 90 miles of their journey, the accomodation for man and beast between this town and tho Conda- mino being scanty, villainous, and expen sive. At tbo place whero we stopped to breakfast and change horses wo were regaled with a huge plate piled up with cliunkB of bread a week old, a very suspicious-looking compound which tlio landlord called a stew— and which I had not tho courage to tackle, tho fag end of a cold leg of mutton, and somo hot water with a dash of ten in it. For this sumptuous repast they modestly charged 2s. Gd., and ns a nobbier was necessary to keep tlio hot water on my stomach, I was further charged Is. for about a thimble full of very bad brandy. Having made the best of a bad bargain, wo resumed our journey through a beautiful country until we came to theKogon, where wo stopped for dinner, concerning which I had been indulging fond hopes, as by this time my appetite was getting ravenous. However, I was destined again to disappoint ment. Five small round cukes of unknown composition, a tough piece of salt junk, a dish of half-boiled cabbage, and some dry bread, with a tolerable decent cap of tea was pro vided, as dinner for two — tub cbargo being 3s. per head ; nobhlers Is , as in the previous case, and equally unsatisfactory both ns to quantity and quality. Bad as this faro was, 1 had no alternative bat to put up wl.h it. I therefore consoled myself with the conviction that X had been victimised, and took my revenge by in dulging in soup and water and a hair brush. Yon can get no further refreshment beyond a di ink of water along the road now until you and 8 o'clock at night at the bospitnblo door of Bailey's hotel. Hero I nm happy to say my annoyances were removed and my fasting compensated, for everything was satisfactory. A first-class sapper, a good glass of grog, a clean and comfortable bed, an intelligent jovial kind-hearted landlord, and moderate charges, arc the characteristics of this estab lishment ; in fact he would he a very cynic indcad who would grumhlo and find fault with Mr. Bailey's arrangements. At 6 o'clock tbe next morning, we resumed our journey, via Moraby, to Boma. Here, however, I must close my letter for tho present.. Moraby is such nn oasis in tho wilderness, and ought to be moro widely known to fame, that it will require more space than yon can afford, and occupy mnro tifnf llinn T onn RTMM tills tVfelv to deS cribe it. I will therefore reserve it for my next communication. Fro I lay down my pen however I will givo you tho last pieco of startling intelligence in theso parts. It is contemplated (at least so says rumour) to start a newspaper at Boma, early in tlio coming year, should sufficient encouragement be forth coming. It is to bo called the ' Boman Soatioel,' and is I believe intended to tail under tho colours of squnttcrdom. In my opinion such o journal is much wanted. No ono can deny thnt tho squatters aro not fairly represented in tho colonial press, nnd if tho proprietor in starting his hebdomadal sticks manfully to his colours, ho has every chaneo of success. I slioll expect nn addendum to this letter from yourself by way of apology for your baseless Insinuations as to my losing my way. " Our Vagrant Beporter," as our facetious correspondent has been pleased to style him self, was not the gentleman alluded to ns hav ing "lost his wny," nnd we aro moro than half IDOJinea 10 DeilUVO Wjnii uu uuu is uuuvi a»u»u of the foot than himself : should he however bo labouriug under a mistake, wo merely re mark that ho is not tbo first person who has been under tho influcoco of hallucination, and there is littlo likelihood of his beiug tho last. — ED. T. C, Maiiy Ann's Young Man. — A littlo incident transpired in n family circle down town the other evening, thnt is too good to keep, and shall bo confided to the reader. The kitchen of tho excellent family of which I speak is presided over by a good-lookiog domestic, whom wo will call Mary Ann, she rejoicing In tho attentive devo- tions of a young servant, employed by a neigh bouring familv, named John. Now, such wero John's relations with tho fair Mary Ann— they were engaged justlikeanybody's folks— thatho was in tho habit of entering his inamorata's domains without tho formality of knocking. And, bo it known, that tho lord of tho mansion had been absent several days, and was expected home by the evening train. On that particular evening tho mistress of tho houso sat in her boudoir, panting with the expectation of the coming of her husband. Shortly she hennl— or thought 6ho did \- bis familiar footsteps nt the side- door (Lis usual place of entry); nnd dashing" dawn the stairs in tbo darkness, sho precipitated herself into his arms. Thero was au earnest embrace ; a loving, lingering hiss was imprinted on tbe lips of tbo representative of tbo sterner sex. Ho answered not, but pressed her closer to his bosom. How long this would have gono on Is not for us to say, hnd not nn adjoining door been thrown opon by me prcuy lunry auu) mivu » ngu, ... and what a sight was revealed to all three 1 . Mary saw her handsome mistress in the arms of her own lusty lover, John ; the mistress saw, not her expected spouse, but Mary Ann's young man ; aud John— well, he was so dumbfounded (suppos. ing he was hugging Mary Ann all the time), that he couldn't see anything. In the midst uf tho muddle the husband entered, nnd the tableau vivnC was complete. He soon comprehended tho affair, however, nnd had too much good sense to scold his wife for her "carelessness," or to keep so good n ioke to himself; but he never imagined that it would get into the papers.— New lurk I ifercury. 