AMERICA. Ttu New York journals of the 10th and 17th received this morning contain hardly any political news of interest in this country. A great deal of their space is taken up with accounts of the damage done by a terrifis storm. Baltimore especially appears to have suffered from its violence. - The suspension of Mr. 8tanton is the prin. cipal topic of the New York letters. The correspondent of the Daily News says, even thughl General Grant has been put in Mr. Stanton's place ad interim, the suspensIon seems to he producing the deepest indigna. tlon throughout the country. The republican: press denounce the act in stronger terms than they have used towards the President since the New Orleans riot. It seems, in fact, to be the general opinion that he is rushing an his fall, and that when Congress meets ina November strong measures with regard to him will be adopted. That a rigorous attempt will again be made to Impeach him, and that it may so far 'succeed as to secure a, vote of the House seems very likel; : hut there are the anme' obstacles to conviction that there have always been; the lackol evidence of hlegal offnces and the disturbance the pro-. ceeding would create throughout the country, besides the had effoct, as a precedent, of a cnviction obtained on any but legIal arounds. 'The deposition of a President:by Congress simply becauose it thought him an obstruction or hecauso It did not like his policy, would., certainly be regarded by all Intelligent men, as a most dangerous proceeding; andti yet ii Congress were to meet now it is very question.* able wbhether even the Senate would not. go any length in order to get rid of, hlm. He has however, kept carefully within the law. There is absolutely no charge whatever made ngalnst ~IMr.. Stanton. The. President does not hint at any. What he says is that " grave publio consideration" obligo him to' ask for his resignatlon. The real reason for! wishing to get rid of .him is well known and at the White HIouse no attempt Is made to concenal fIt; it Is simply that MIr. Stantoo is'; an opponent of the Presidetit's policy, and is in favoulr ol the literal and ilgd ezeoution of the Iteconstructlon Act, and thlat his presenc 0 Is therefore dlsagreeabl6 at cabinet moetlnigs. 'The American colony at Jaff., In 8yrtl,; publish no appeal to all humane and beeero.; lent societies andi individuals for as?ltance to : enable them to return to' their homes in Mlaine. They say that they have been do. ceived Iby their. propbhet? . J. Adams, who 1hs' awirndled and duped them Ins vasriott ,anvs:. Thecir eron? hsave f.,iled tllhem entirel? :, and they* say that they are "left 'in: tbh?ts?r strange Ind, utterly ruined, rick of fever and ague, without means, our clothes worn out, our children without school or any teaching whatever, and growirg up in distressin' ignorance-suffering from the climate, with starration staring us in the face, and not the slightest proppct for nny kind of work or Way to earn our living. Out of a hundred and lifty.sit souls that sailed with us from America, fiftyfour lirve returned, seventeen have died; the remaining eight,.ix-sixteern (Mr. Adam., his family, nd thirteen othlr*) excepted-are all longing to return to America. But forty of theee are so entirely dependent on Mr. Adams at precent for the means of sustenance, that they fear to act openly and according to their desires and con. victions, and therefore do not sign this appeal." Their statement of their condition is vouched for by the United States consul. The Tribune re.prints Mr. Carlyle's Shoot. nlg Niagara in r.tenso, and devotes a leading article to its discussion, in concluding which it observes:-Hlere in America, where the people have for Feventy years proved to the people of all other lands that democracy, with all its evils, is better for man than royalty with all its blessings, we read with more sorrow than anger these words of scorn and bitterness. There is, indeed, no cause for anger, for nothing that Thomas Carlylo can say can lessen or postpone the triumph of the rights of the people; but cause for sorrow there is, for this is a great mind that seeks to bar the progress of humanity, and taunts his race with its inborn unfitness to govern it'elf, its Heaven.intended slavery. It is a blind Samson who comes forth to combat with the multitudes of mankind, not blind alone, but shorn of his strength. All the genius of Carlyle cannot avail him in this struggle, for he carries a banner on which the finger of God has written defeat, and wars egainst manhood itself. But when we think how strong he might hare been as an ally, who is so powerless as n foe; how much he might have done to guide to noble ends the revolu. tion he vainly seeks to prevent, who that bonours genius can fail to pity its perversion. With the cholera again making its appear. ance at a dozen different points around us, the condition of poor emigrant vessels becomes a subject for serious consideration. A shocking story of one of these ships comes to us from New York. The emigrant ship Guiceppo Baccareich left Antwerp for New York on the 20th of June, chartered by Messrs. A. Strauss and Co., of the former place. Ily the time she reached her destination eighteen of the pa'sengers were dead, and two more in a dying state. The remaining emigrants made complaint to the authorities at New York, and an official inquiry was ordered to be instituted ; some of the results were ias follows:-" The passengers, one hundred and eighty in number, received but 6~ lb. of his. cuit and 621b. of potatoes a day, and 149 lh. of flour and Q50 lb. of peas n week. The water was kept in sperm.oil casks, the oil floating on the surface. The effect of drink ing this fluid was severe diarrhboa. The bread was mouldy and natty; whole beans were taken from it by the passengers. There was neither tea nor sugar on board. The potatoes were totten, or such as were not had sprouted. There was no doctor on board, or medicine-chest." BnEEtcn.LOADINa AnMS AT TITE PAmus .X. tnirrox.-The Danes show little in the way of modern artillery; but in ancient guns there is n curious and interesting display, from which we gather that this wonderfll system of breech-loading is not new at all, but that it is identical with those guns used in Denmark in the fourteenth century. Even revolvers were known in Scandinaria; nnd it is only another instance that things repeat themselves after n time. Thero are several breech.loaders in the Danish collection, of different dates, showing that they were in favour for a long period. There is also ai breech-loading cannon, dating from the be. ginning of the fourteenth century; also a single.charge breech-loading musket, to which no date is given. Lastly, there is a most ingenious gun (1597), with an eiglit chambered revolver, which had to be moved by hand. As percussion.caps were not then invented, the priming and firing were cer. tainly of rather primitivo arrangement; but still there was the revolver, and Mr. Colt's patent is nothing but n crib from a Scandi navian fourteenth century invention.-Cor respondent of the Australasian. lThe fire at Vonice, and the destruction of Titian's picture of tihe Martyrdom of St. Peter, has already been nnnounced by tele. graph. The Florence correspondent of the I)aily N'ews says that thle Madonna of Giambellino and other works of very con. siderable note were consumed by the flames. These celebrated lictures were temporarily placed in the chapel of the Madonna del losario whilst the church was undergoing repairs. There wero besides the celebrate~d wood carvings by ]lrustelone and his pupils, unrivalled for taste and delicacy. A serien of beautiful bas.reliefs, bronzo'statues and statuottes of exquisite workmanship, of in* calculablo value, have also beeoon destroyed. Not a few malicious reports are in circtula. tion as to the origin of the fire. All that is really known, however, is the simple fact that at about five on the morning of the 1lth instant the fire was casually discovered by a Iperson paseing, who promptly gave notico to the parish priest and church. wardenlns; but when the chapel door was at length opened, it was too lato to stay the work of destruction. Assistance, however, arrived in time to prevent the flames from extending to the church and the adjacent wards of the IHospital di San Giovanni o P?aolo, where small-pox patients are usually kept. It has been conjectured that the accident was owing to the wax tapers used on the afternoon of the 15th of August, the Festival of the Virgin, being left hurning after the church was closed. The following is a catalogue of the principal objects destroyed within the ChIa pcl del RIosario during the fire o:--1. The celebrated picture of St. Peter the Martyr, by Titian; 2. The Virgin Enthroned amist a Glor. of 'Saints and Angels, by Giovanni Ilelhno; 3\. Pictures by Tintorotto, representing severally: Tho h?ttlo of Lopanto, the Crucifixion, the Virgin of the Rosary, andt the Sacred (Princely) Loneaguo. There were, besides, several watcr-colour paintings by an unknown master. The small compacrt. moants of the coiling represented the Dogo and Soenato. Two pictures of the Annulnci. ation and the Natlivity of the V'irgin, by Loonardo Vinconzo dol eoronna. Facing tlhe Nativity was another picturo by Santo Poranda, commonly called Ilassano. Another above the doorway represented Jesuts before Pilate, by Leandro 1lssano; ten bas-reliefer, representing the Life of our Lord, bytho hand of the Ilonazznr, father and son, of Torelli, Tagliapiotra, and 31erlaito. The municipal authorities in Venice had only a day pro. riously decided on carrving out the resolu. tion passed in 1858 by the municipal council of the city for removing all pictures of value and artistic objects scattered among the various clhurclhes, &c.;, in the city to the Academy of the Fine Arts, so that they might ihe more careflily looked after. The French not only heat us at fowl rear ing and egg producing, but they laugh at us into the bargain. A slhort time since a story, extracted from the French papers, ran the round of the English press, how a ruined nobleman, by name I)e Sora, had retrieved the fallen fortunes of his ancient house by means of his poultry yard. He had dis. covered that the way to make hens lay eggs all the year round is to feed them on animal food during those months when worms and insects are scarce and hard to come by. So he placed himself at the head of three hun. cdredl thousand hens and an adequate staff of cocks, which he fed by means of enormous chopping machines, turning twenty-two horses a day into mincemeat. Every part of the horses-hair, hoofs, and bones-wa-s turned to account, and pomtnmae dirine wans made out of their marrow by the acuto and ingenious Do Soar. After eachl of the three hundred thousand hliens had laid eggs every day for .four years she was fatted off on double rations of horseflesh, and sold as a spring chicken. The English papers were loud in Do Sora's praise, and unanimously inquired "why we cannot manage our poultry. yards in England as well as M. De Saora manages his in France?" The directors of the National Poltry Company actually sent their manager, Mfr. Geolhn, over to France to study that nobleman s system; but when he got to France and inquired for the great lien master at the Jarin d'Acclimatation and the JTardin des Plantes, he discovered that the story was a hoax. The nearest approach to such an establishment as De S0ra's had been described to him was that of3f. Manoury at 3fouy, where about fire thousand fowls are reared every year-not on horseflesh I Mr. Geylin brought back to his "directors some new poultry.yard dodges from France, surprising if true; but after the De Sara hlorseflesh hoax, we shall receive with caution poultry stories from the other side of the water. lo says that turkey.cocks are employed largely in France to hatch and rear chickens. A hLen finds a dozen chlickens as many as she can manage; a turkey-cock can easily hatch and bring up twenty or thirty-and then hlie is himself fattening and fitring for the spit all the time. The way in which the turkey.cocks are induced to take to the hen's eggs is, accord. ing to Mr. Geyelin, as follows --A glass or two of strong wine poured down a turkey's throat, and whilst in a state of inebriation the feathers are plucked off his breast, and he is placed on a large sitting of eggs. On coming to his senses the next morning he feels that n sudden change has come over him, and as the denuded. and irritated part of his body is kept warm. and soothed by crouching down on the smooth eggs, lie wisely accepts his new position, and dis. charges the duties of a mother to the family thus foisted upon him with tenderness annd vigilance. OrrucAL PnREczDEsnC.-- Wo (8. A. Register) understand that at a meeting of ministers of various religious bodies held on Monday, October 21, it was resolved to preo. sent a petition to parliament against the position of precedency allotted to the Bishop of Adelaideo by the regulations published in the Gazette. A scene took pines on Tuesday evening, October 22, in Cluno's Musio Hall, at pro. sent used by the volunteer rifles and the hand as a drill and practice room. The handl had been practising as usual, and at aout half.past nine o'clock Captain Given, of the rifles, with about thirty of his corps, entered the place, and having locked tile doors, guards were placed nt each. The captain then demanded from the members of the hand the instruments in their posaession. The suddenness of the demand surprised.the Ihandsmen; and when asked for an explana. tion, Captain Given said that he was not satisfied with the manner in which the band was being conducted, and instanced a special case in which they had incurred hIis displca. sure. This was on the occasion of the last monthly inspection, when the hand did not wait for the rifles to muster, but preceded the artillery corps to the parade ground. Mr. larher, tlhe leader of the band, offered to collect tihe instruments from the several holders nnd hand them over witlhin two dlays, and after an animated discussion the band ventured on a refusal to accede to the demand, upon which' the captain said that unless hIis orders were instantly nttended to lhe would not hold himself responsible for any acts wrlieh might he committed by hIis men. Aflfirs now assumed a serious turn, and as other threats were used the bands. men, after some consultation, delivered up the instrumonts.-Queensland Times. RovAt. CANDIDArES ro MAnxrAOG.-A French writer attributes the generally. recognised insecurity of the Spanish dynasty partly to the difficulty of finding an suitable alliance for the Queen's eldest daughter, noiw of an ago to be married. It is true that the "oung nlady is said to harve little to recommend her either in her person or her qualities; but, on the other hand, great efforts have been mando by a very influential person to provide her with a husband. W'Vhen it was known that Prince Ilumbert of Savoy was a candidate for mntrimony, it rwas hoped that he might be induced to wed n Spanish Infanta, and great pains were takeno to bring about the union; Uut in vain, Equally unsuccessful was an attempt to make her Queen of Bavarin, although a family alliance and cordial relations alrenady exist bietween the reigning families at Munich and Madrid. As to Prince Ilumbert, it is well known that he is in no hasteo to marry, and for some timo nothing more has been heard of the matrimonial projects which were rather imposed upon him by expedi. ency than the result of his own inclination. Princesses in all respects desirabld as his wife and as the futuro Queeoon of Italy do not abound, and the deplorable death of thie Archduke Albrecht's charmIng daughter removed one of the most eligible aupone thie list. A marriage of the heir to the crown rwhh a Spanish Iifanta would be very unlpopular in Italy, where thie lourlons are mich disliked, and the downfall of the nlast of that race who still retains a throno is looked forwardl to with mingled impatience and satisfaction. PArnE BoATs.-It begins to be evident, according to the Dublin Erening Mail, that paper has been put to lbunt few of tlie uses of which it is capable. The principaldemand may continuoe to be for printing, writing, wrapping, and paper collars, but experi. ments now in progress show that paper. maklers will soon finil extensiveo uses for their product outside of these present prin cil)al sources of consumption. It has already been found that paper can be used advant ageously for making water.prpes and tanks, and in the construction of fire-proof build. logs; it is almost certain that itcanbe made to take the place of leather for maclinery belting; and George A. Waters, of Troy, New York, lia demonstrated that paper makes the best material for shell.boats, by constructing one thirty feet long, which weighs only forty pounds, and is in every respect superior to boats made of wood. It is quite thin, lighter than a wooden boat, is rendered impervious to water by a coating of oil and other compounds, and it is asserted that it is more durable and that it will stand shocks which would destroy a wooden shell. Tn PrESEnVATro or MEATr.--Of the numerous methods which have from time to time been suggested for the preservation of meat, that of Messrs. Medlock and Bailey, which ihas been recently published, appears the most simple and efficient. It consists in simply washing the meat to be preserved with a solution of bisulphite of lime and common salt in water. The Food Committee of the Society of Arts has already had the process referred to under consideration, and, we believe, with favourable results.--Medi cal Times. Lrvs.o ax nrs aWTas.-According to his history, hlie had commenced life with £8000 a year and a commission in a crack cavalry regiment. "Blut," as he used to say with the utmost gravity, "I made the running too early in the race, and could not stay with the other horses. In six years I hiad sold every acre of land, every pound of consols, and had run on the wrong side of the post to tho tune of £12,000. I sold out and the price of my troop paid half my debts. I went through the court for about £6000, and then set to work as a private gentleman. I lived a little by betting, a little by lwhist, a little by billiards, a little by a few fivers and tenners that I'borrowed from friends and relations when I was very hard up. So long as I kept to what I understood, I got on well enough; but the devil tempted me to set up as a wine-mer chant, and in one year I lost-that is, I owed, for I lhad no losses in trado--£l1500, and I then went through the court a second time. Hlow did I lose the money? I'll tell you. I used to get, say £300 or £400 worth of wine, giving three months' bills to the importer for what I bought. When my customers paid me I spent the money and did not meet my engagements. The whole. sale wine merchants got angry; one of them arrested me; and I had to go through the court. I was sent bacrk, and had to remain six months in this hole. I then set up as a coal.merchant, but made a moss of that; for I found that I paid higher for the coals I bought than I could retail them for, even if I had sold them by the sack out of a handcart. So I had to go through the court as a coal.merchant. Since then I have been a promoter of companies, and that was the jolliest game by far. Why, I had at one time a matter of nearly £4000 to my credit in one of the city banks. But the times all weont bad, and'I was sued right and left by thoso who lhad taken shares in the con cerns I lhad promoted, and so I was arrested, and hero I am."-Dickens's All the Y'ear Round. THE lIEST Tcxn FOn Corrrno QnArs,. As the harvest is now rapidly becoming general all over the country, it is as well to remind both farmers and millers that now is the time for continuieg the experiments which have been made at different dates for deciding upon the best period for cutting wheat. The opinions current in the nagri. cultural world are still so contradictory that nothing but n frequent repetition of these experiments will settle the matter. The sulject was first publicly mooted in the Quartorly Journal of Agriculture for June, 1841, by Mr. Hannan, an eminent York. shire ngriculturist, who assorted most positivel that wheat cut when thoroughly ripe is both less in weight and inferior in quality to that which is cut a week, or even a fortnight, before thorough maturity. is first experiments were made in 1840, when hIe took three separate samples of wheat to market, and found that the grain cut on August 4, wh.en still green, 1etched Gls. per quarter, while thalt which was cut on August 18, and technllically called raw, fetched G4ls., and that cut on September 1, quito ripe, fetched only 62s. In 1811 he instituted more extensive experiments, and the judges at the following agricultural show at Wetherby awarded an extra premium to the swhoeat which had been cut a fortnight before it was thoroughly ripe, and the price it fetched in the market fully bore out the decision. Hle then had samples of the various kinds of wheat ground and dressed by a careful miller, and found that the pro. duco of half a rood cut on August '26, while raw, yielded 15 st. 10 Ibs. of grain; that a similar produce cut on August 30, also raw, yielded 10Ost. lbs.; and that cut on Sep. tember 9, ripe, yielded only 14 st. 131bs. while the weights of the grain per bushel wereo respectively 62, lbs., 62fl lbs., and 59f lbs. Further, 100 lbs. weight of the various samples of the grain yielded in flour 80tf lbs., 77~ lbs., and 72? Ibs. respectively. The advantages of the early cutting were, in fact, in every way sur* prising. Tlleo was a gain of about fifteen per cent. in weight of flour upon equal mensures of grain, and nearly eight per cent. of flour upon equal weights of wheat in favour of the earlier cutting. , The theory upon which the results are explained is this, that as the sugar in the green plant becomes changed into the starch of the grain, so if permitted to remain till fully ripe another change takes place, the starch being gradually converted into wood.fibre, it being a well.known chemical fact that sugar, starch, and fibro are composed of the same constituent elements. Mr. Ilannan also claimed a better quality for the raw cut grain. Professor Johnston having analysed the several samples, and found - per cent. of gluten in the raw wheat, as against 6 per cent. in the ripe. Another eminent Derbyshiro agriculturist, Mr. Fletcher, pubh. lisheti the results of similar experiments in 181·, showinfg that the raw.cut grain brought him in £1 10s. O,1. per acre above the pro. duco per acre of that which was reaped when it was ripe. Fourteen days before ripeness was the period at which he fixed the time for reaping, so as. to secure the largest .ield and the finest flour. Mn. sriraox.--The LIondon correspnd. ent of an Englich provincial paper states as follows:-?3fr. Spurgeon is a fortunate man, and no one ought to grudge him his good fortune. Some time ago a lady gave him £20,000 for an orphanage, and afterwards sold her plate to give him something addi. tional; and now a lady in Italy hIas given hirm £500, and he has received £600 from another quarter for the same purpose. The scheme is now being carried out, and it bids fair to become a great London institution. It is to be hoped it will be better managed than many others. This gentleman is meanwhile instrumental in doing a great amount of good in relation to his Pastors' College, which has become a most flourishing insti tution. It may be called a Baptist minis terial nursery, and is gradually sending out ministers all over the country. Meanwhile his popularity as a preacher continues. I confess that whenever I hear him I can dis cover nothing particularly original and nothing remarkably brilliant or clever; but his style and manner are as captivating as over. His monster Tabernacle is nearly always crammed whenever he preaches; people come from great distances to hear him; and for an hour or so before his chapel is opened there is a crowd waiting for the chance of seats. E]zrAonreAay FATALnTY TO THarE Stn GEoxs.-A letter from Kehl, in the Courier du ]las.Rhin, mentions the death, a few days back, at Heidelberg, of a surgeon named Weber, and two of his assistants, under very painful circumstances. Allthree had been to a country house in the neigh bourhood to attend two children attacked by diphtheria. In the case of one of them, the operation of trachootomy was found necessary, and Mr. Weber, whilst engaged in performing it, unfortunately allowed a small clot of blood to full into the child's windpipe. In the absence of a proper in strurment for extraction, lie sucked the wound to get out the foreign substance. Having failed, the others in succession applied their mouths to the wound and at last succeeded in their object. They, however, all caught the malady, and succumbed to it in the course of sx hours. Professor Veber was only thirty.ninoe years of age, but had already acquired a high reputation. A FonRTXE noM SwEcrs.-A fun days ago Mr. Thomas Conley, publican, of Clayton-street, Liverpool, a man well known to the sporting fraternity, died in the prime of manhood. IBut a few years since he was working as a moulder in a foundry, and was fortunate enough to gain a prize in a sweep. This led him to take an interest in sporting matters, and becoming the landlord of a hostelry, he commenced having sweeps drawn at his hbuse. By honorable and straightforward conduct he became exceed ingly popular and prosperous, and has left behind him no less a sum than £125,000 in hard cash.-Sporting Life. CatrsoIrE a R?ALwAY CARRIAOES.-On Monday the traflio on the Bristol and EJxeter Railway was extremely heavy be. tweoen Bristol and Weston-super-M1are, and one of the late trains being more than usually crammed, a difficulty was expe. rienced in finding accommodation for all comers. Accordingly, at Yatton, a porter having looked in vain for room in the second. class carriages to stow away six or eight buxom lasses who had been spending the day at Clevedon, as a last resort thrust them into a first.class compartment, until then only tenanted by two gentlemen. From the conversation of the bevy of fair ones, it transpired that they came from Bedminster, and worked at the sowing.maclhino; but what formed amongst them a more fruitful topic than their avocation, was the circum stance that a pair of the party had, whilst donkey riding at Clevedon, lost their railway tickets. They speculated much ns to how they should act, and at length, feeling disin clined to throw themselves on the mercy of tire collector, their companions suggested, as they neared the terminus, that they should get beneath the crinolines of some of the rest. No sooner was the hint thrown out than it wfs acted upon, and in a trice the two damsels.were invsilble, a hearing mass of muslin being all that indicated their whereabouts. "Lie still, Lize," "hold hard, Sal," were hurriedly whispered as the blue.coated official approached the carriage for the tickets. Those who conld produce theirs handed them to him with the greatest promptitude, and he having taken the customary official survey of the interior, in order to see that he had collected all the tiny vouchers, passed on. Directly he had left, a movement was perceptible in the middle of the compartment, and the two little ruddy Venuses emerging from waves of crinoline, Sal and Lize uprose and smoothed their dishevelled tresses. De lioving that the girls had really lost their tickets, the gentlemen in the carriage re mained tacit though amused spectators of the naffair, and as they got on the platform one observed to the other that after all there was something to be said for crinoline. GREAT REvrasn OF FonrTcE.-The very remarkable trial, arising out of the will of a widow, named Mrs. Thwaites, of Worthina, was brought to a conclusion on Tuesday, in the probate court, when judgment was given by Sir J. P. Wildo. The testatrix was the housekeelper of a tea.broker, and in 1816 became his wife. In 1831 the husband died, leaving about half a million of money entirely to the testatrix. At his death Mr. Simm Smith was his medical man, and that gentleman appears to have obtained con. elderable Influence over the widow, who appears to have been the sulbject of remark. ably extravagant Insane delusions on re. ligious subjects, and eventually, at her death, besides large sums given to Smith, his brother, and their families, left him residuary legatee, involving an amount estimated at £180,000. The court decided that the will was invalid; and this large property, there. fore, comes to the children of a Mrs. Teb. butt, the sister of Mrs. Thwaites. The total amount involved in the decision, which affects many in W'orthing, is £400,000. In proof of Mrs. Thwaites' Insanity, evoridence was adduced to the effect that she was accustomed to declare that she was the Holy Ghost, the third person in the Trinity, and Dr. Smith was the Father; that she was above God seven degrees; that she sent the cholera or the influenzar through all creation, and that it had to go through her first; that the brutes had been attempting to poison her; that one stage of her work was blindness; that she had gone through the new birth every bone and sinew and drop of blood had been made new; that If the Almighty lost her, everything would go to chaos; that she was ~about to bring forth the saviour of the world; that she held direct communication with the Father; that she was the first great cause and the pivot on which the whole world hung; that she had a head-dress of hair and a coronet of diamonds made ex pressly for the Judgment Day; that when the work was finished she would have llucringlham Palace and Windsor Castle; that she and the doctor made the thunder and lightning, and were in their glory in a good thunderstorm; that they were the supreme beings, and communicated to. gether, though they were absent from one another; that the judgment of the world was to take place in her drawing.room in HIyde Park, and that she was to take part in it with the Lord Jesus Christ in connexion with Dr. Smith. All this is dreadful, and shows to what a low level the human mind can fall. Singularly, in ordinary business matters, Mrs. Thwaites was as shrewd as most people, and ate, slept, and occupied her time very much after the fashion of ordinary human beings. She was evidently a religious monomaniac, which the learned judge concerned in the case has decided in capacitates her from making her will. This is certainly rather awkward, more especially for spiritualists, whom, it is generally believed, are labouring under a delusion. Spiritualists who have any means, would do well under these circumstances, either to abandon their new fangled ideas or convert the world generally to their views as speedily as possible. All the time they are in a minority the law must be against them. ThE hRErOnrTD CESSIO. or lnrrrsmc COLt'MDIA TO TIHE USITED STATES. -TheO telegraph (says the Alta California) informs us that the reported attempt to settle the Alabama claims, as they are called, by the cession of British Columbia to the United States, hlas failed. We never had much faith in the probability that anything could come of this reported attempt at diplomatic negotiation, and it is very likely that the whole story originated in the fertile brain of some industrious Washington special. When we acquire British Columbia, as we surely shall, it will not be by any such trock.and.dicker scheme as that whilch flas been reported; but, with the consent of a majority of the inhabitants of the province, a transfer of the territory will be made upon certain specific and definite conditions. The dplan reported as having been under con sideration was to lump the claims of those who lost property by the depredations of the Alabama, amounting to a dozen millions, or such a matter, and offset the debt, if debt it was, by the sale of British Columbia. This would be paying very dearly for the new territorial whistle, for it is not specially valuable intrinsically, and the province had a debt of its own, which would have to be assumed by the United States, and must be considerod as adding about a million and a half to the purchase prico. The pecuniary extremity of the Britlish colonists will be our opportunlity, and we shall acquiro and absorb the territory, not because we need it and can pay a round price for it, but be.; cause the best interests and real welfare of the inhabitants will draw them into a union with the States. We hope we have heard the last of territorial acuisition by force or pure diplomatic negotiation. What we gain hereafter must be tihe result of the pervasive and persuasive influence upon the interests and policy of our neighbours. A fight lately occurred at a circus at Marietta, Pa., between a showman and a citizen, in which the latter was shot. Another citizen then struck the murderer a fatal blow .on his head with the butt of a gun, which at the same instant was dies charged, and killed the man who held it. BESIEOIrGO A TIIEARE.-The other morn ing, as some of the Huddersfield borough policemen were taking the prisoners from the lock.up to the court.house, two bailiffs who were an possession at the theatre came out to look at the prisoners. Instantly, the resident manager closed the door and locked it inside, and without any.loss of time lhe made all the windows and inlets secure, and then went to one of the windows and laughingly surveyed the discomfited bailiffs. A considerable crowd collected, and highly enjoyed the unexpected lock-out of the sheriff's officers. Nevr did men appear more anxious than they for the termination of a lock.out, and around the building they wandered, seeking for some unfastened door or window. They appeared to be under the impression that it would be necessary to besiege the theatre, and some talked of smashing in the doors. To confirm the idea that the had the place in a state of siege, the resident manager appeared at one of the windows with a bolt round him, in which hle lhad stuck a theatrical battle.anxo, whilst ihe carried in Iis hand a spear. Then he placed in thie window a paper, upon which was written "notice, mantraps not on these pre mises," with a line stuck through the "not, and also a small placard inscribed in play bill style, "in preparation, a new piece entitled I've done my duty, you do yours." This proceeding caused much mirth amongst the spectators, and corresponding irritation amongst the bailiffs, who had been strongly reinforced. Theirchagrin and discomposure was not at all lessened when another placard was put in the window whlich ran t us: "Theatre Royal, Tuesda-, July 30th, 1807, All's Fair in Love and ~Vnr, an interlude of Locked-out, to conclude with the farce of the .Biter Bit. Principal characters, the sheriffs officers and the resident manager." fours after that the balliffs were walking round the building, not in the hest of tempers, while the resident manager kept all fast, occasionally looking through a window as though meditating a sortie for provisions. About six o'clock, one of the bailiffs went down the coal cellar, and after groping about in the dark some time came upon the trap.door underneath the stage, got through it, and so once more became a man In possession. FaxsA. Doorons. - TIme scone which occurred recently at a medical lecture in Philadelphia, has drawn forth an able pro test from a writer on female doctors, who signs himself-not for the first time-Search. His reasons are just, and hIis manner of puttingthem moderate. Speaking in behalf of the advocates of properly qualified female doctors, he says:--" We utterly repudiate tihe idea of mixing female with male students. It is the London apotheearlos who suggest so unseemly a step, by their refusal to recogntse privato lectures, though identical with those delivered by the same person in public; it is patent that this act of theirs was merely a contemptibleo subterfuge to hinder talented women from obtaining that diploma which, by their charter, they aro.e unable openly to deny; and the same trade.union slrit induces medical journals, in the hope of conciliating the worst class of their supporters,to misrepresent or defame a movement which they can no longer ignore, deride, or safely argue against. Our views are simply that each sex should have free opportunity to save or slay its. own members according to the best recognised principles of physic. I, for one, heartily trust the time may not be distant when female students will have instructors of their own sex; meanwhile it is absurd to talk of the Indelicacy of women studying the mysteries of nature, when daily, and hourly, in public before hundreds of gazing lads, and in private, women are subjected to com. plete exposure, and their Innermost recesses exhibited by the aid of iron instruments. Can the aggregate loss of female modesty be greater by imparting to a limited number that anatomical knowledge which medical men in their own case affect to think deadens carnal imagination; or, as at present, by the almost universal exposure of maids and matrons to the eye and touch of men, often younger and more attractive than their lovers or husbands." This is plainly put; and it is unanswerable. The moral harm done by the existing system is incalculable. FATAL PaCCrsnAL JOKw.o.-On Sunday afternoon, in the Globe Tavern, George. street, two professional jockeys, John Don. nelly and John Noble, went to fencing with the knives with which they were eating their dinners. Several passeshad been exchanged, when Noble made a thrust, overhand, towards Donnelly, and the top of his knife, which was thin but not very sharp, entered his breast, penetrating through his vest and inner clothing, and It is believed reaching the heart. The effect was not observed at once, for Noble says he had resumed his dinner before he heard Donnelly ask somebody to support him. At the same moment he moaned and dropped from the chair upon which he was sitting. The hemorrhage, being mostly internal, could not be checked, and the unfortunate man sank rapidly, and died a quarter of an hour after the wound was inficted. Donnelly had been his intl. mate friend, and his distress on learning of his death may readily be imagined. The unfortunate deceased had no relations in Cork. Noble is in custody to await the finding of a jury.-Cork Examiner. An atrocious affair is related from Winne. bago county, Wisconsin. A dumb boy, eighteen or twenty years of age, wandered from home, got lost, and finally brought up about dark at the house of W. T. Fay, Poygan. Fay tried to drive him away, but he would not go. Fay got his gun and cracked a cap on it at him; yet he would not go, but laughed and came forward and offered to shake hands. Fay gave the gun to his wife, telling her to load it with beans, which she did. lie then shot the boy, the charge taking effect in the left shoulder. They were so close that the powder burned him quite badly and set his clothes on fire. Fay threw a pail of water on him to extin. guish the fire. Fay bound the boy, led him to a neighbour's barn, tied him there, and left him. The boy got loose and went into the house. There was only a boy and a woman at home. Hie stood in the bedroom. door until she noticed him and asked him what he wanted; he then sat down in the kitchen. She got up, recognised and found him in his wounded condition. Fay was arrested, tried at Eureka last Friday, and fined twenty.five dollars. The last inform; ation about the boy is, that he must die of the wound. Lebanon, Con., has the honour of giving five governors to the state, viz.:-Jonathan Trumbull(Brother Jonathan of revolutionary memory), the second Jonathan Trumbull, Joseph Trumbull, Clark B3issell, and Wim. A. Buckingham. A paper in Iamlton, C.. W., asserts that a little girl there was driven by hunger to attempt to eat a live rat. She ihad her teeth firmly into the animal's neck, the paper says, when slheo was made to desist by two women, who were told of the strange occur renco bIy a playmate of the child. Theoro is a boy in Minnesota, twelve years old, whoso legs are only ten inches long, and are without bones. A lady, the wife of a distinguished clergy. man, says:-" Some ten years ago I went to my closet to get a sponge-cake, and found it covered with those little posts, the red ants. Not knowing what to do with it, I laid it down on an old black- walnut table close by, and in less time than it has taken me to write this, the ants left the cake and table. I immediately took the hint, and put walnut shelves in my closets, and since that there has not been an insect seen." 