AUSTRALIAN CAPEKS.* I ' ' Old Boomerang ' . particularly requests , the readers of ' Australian Capers' to read his book through beforo judging it. Having complied with ibis request, we trust that he will regard our opi-' |nion of the book as given honestly. We will not I make nn affidavit that we have read it without skip jping occasionally, but wo hayo read it through for iperforming the task. The best we can say of the jbook is' thai it reminds us of some of Albeit , ; Smith's productions. This is not very high praise (we admit; and some ^perhaps might say that it is. ?hardly suffioienti considering that Old Boomerang has introduced elements of interest and instruction ,'n&ichare; totally wanting in anything Albert Saiith levor wrote.' It is true that our author gives a good ideal of adyico,: introduces a clergyman or two, and 'makes his leading -characters religious men at last, I however foolish they may' bo to begin with. But advice- is'j very cheap- at all times; and tho introduction of a clergyman into a novel no moro makes it religious than the twitter of a ' swallow makes summer. It is satisfactory to be in i formed that Christopher becomes a Christian; but it. i would have been more satisfactory to have had a ! Christopher who was capable of becoming ono.. ' Tho I main object of the work,' says the author, ' is to ' warn parents in England and elsewhero against , sending their inexperienced sons to Australia with ! large capital.' The object is good, but wo don't see how it is to be gained by telling us how a couple ! of old fools in England send out to Australia a ' young, fool who is not only without experience, but utterly incapable of acquiring any. Such a brainless ! youth as Christopher Cockle is here represented Would be victimised anywhere just aB easily as in Australia ; anil \ no amount of experience, eithar home or colonial, could be of the sh'ghtest service to him« If instruction were the author's object, it is sadly missed ; if pleasure, we miss it jiist as much, for what interest can we feel in watching the for tunes of an imbecile ? Some idea of the sort seems U have dawned upon the mind of the author himself before he got to the end,.;for he says: — 'These and a few other specimens of his siUihesB might bo wrought into a chapter comical enough for the columns of Piinch ;' but I fancy the reader is almost wearied with the absurd capers of the youth — whether.or not, I am quite tired of recording them.' We should think' he was; : but if so, why did ha inflict them upon the reader's .patience ? Who cares in the slightest degree about Christopher Cockle's infancy oir boyhood, when , he was coddled by rich but weak-minded parents ; or about his voyage to Australia* in the course of which he learned to smoke, drink, play at loo and whist, acquired a few fashionable ana nautical oaths, a variety of choice slang and a comic song, all at the cost of £200 ; or about his arrival in Melbourne/ where he was: soon to be a fool by everybody ho met, and treated ao^ cbrdingly; of- ab'buthid doings in Sydrioy eitheri where ke was deceived and cheated in various ways, got involved i» a matrimonial engagement with a young lady who was no better .than; she should be, found her out just in time to save himself from tho matrimonial noose, took to drink worse than ever, had a fit of delirium tremens and attempted suicido, ; came to his senses, if ho ever had any to come to, got' ? converted, and turned out at last to the entire satis faction of his father and mother, his uncle, and hia I guardian angel, TimRafferty? We are thankful | for Tim Rafferty. He is a funny do|f ; and if thera ! be any amusement in reading the book, it is from. ; Tim that it is to be got. He is an Irishman, of course ; an Irishman of the Irish in some ! fespeets, but with ' a dash of something not exactly | Irish. Imagine a rollicking, drinking, affectionate Paddy, a Sam Weller. and a Primitive Methodist rolled into ono, and you havo T;m Rafferty. There is a most amusing scene with him on board the ship when coming out. Tim was one of tile stewards, - and a passenger taking umbrage at him for somo supposed slight or want of attention, took tha fol lowing wfay of : paying him off. : ' Rafferty ! Rafferty! Rafferty 1' roared an im perative voice from one of the cabins off the lower saloon early the following morning, while Tim was preparing breakfast for .the children and their nurses.1 u I'm a;comin, Sir, as Paddy Flynn sed to his mate below whin he tumbled off tho top ov the ladder ''vfifyft hod o'v morther on his back. Comin, Sir, inharf a jiffy, or less than that. Troth, an ye're in a mighty .flustration this mornin, poor crather .1 It's a bottle ,o' palp ale or some soder wather that yere wantin, that's all, I'll ingage ; an one udguoss aratud get hold oy jer nose, or ye was rparin IpVthedocther to euro ye ov the collery mopus. ; Ocli, bother, hold yor blather 1 ye'll blow all yer teeth out in a minnit. Au what did ye plaise to .want, F/ir ?' asked Tim, in an altered tone, as ho entered the cabin of the dutiful Dutch gon tloinan who was trayeUing to Japan to see bis grand mother, i 'What can I do for yer honor, this mornin ?' asked Tim, humbly. ' Nothing. I did not call you. Bother you, why did you wake mo so early W grumbled Mr.Van Swill. Then, turning over in his berth, he began to snore again in o style for which he was remarkable.' Rafferty, j make baste this way.' said a softer voice in another j direction. ' Be quick, Rafforty, if you ploaso.' I ' Yis, Sir, hero am I, Sir, at yer sarvice,' said I Tim, tapping at tho door of tho cabin occupied by tho Rev. Mr Racoy. 'What will I do for yor I riverenee ?' ' I did not call you, my friend,' re- I plied Mr Racey, oponing tho door, and looking with [j his usual good-natured. smilo at the puzzled fellow. | 'Why don't you cbmo here when I call yon, Rafr I! ferty ?' asked somebody olso in a teaty tone. ' I will | cortainly complain to the captain when I go on dock.' | ' Shure thin, ? if ye% do that samo, ye'll be takin | away my character, and that an't much good to [| * Australian Capers: or OhrlBtopUor Ooekle'a Colonial | Espsrlonoo. By -Old Boomerang.. author of AuBtralian (j TuIob and Sk^toliOB from Real LifdTlthymos, iia. London t 1 Goorga Boutledgo & Sons. Meltiouruo ; Ctoorgo Eobertson. | J It ? nobody, dear knows. Ivye'll ony jist tell me who ye are, and where ye be, ' I'll hurry ta yo as f asht as ? a fire-ingin, soh ! But I can't have me eyes an me ? : cars ?' in iverybody's eabin all at on'st ; an any cracked feller, widout a haporth iv brains or com ? '?? mon sinso, ud see that's raysinable. Bedad, an I'm thiuirin iv I'd twice as many eyes an legs as. a spider, ' I shudn't havo harf enough toplaise some ov these risty tisty customers. I'd forty ? times sooner be a broken-backed donkey, goin to the knackers in a ''? trap, nor be a flunkey in this saloon, wid iverybody ?'?? bawlin tho ears offivme; and that's a fact, shurd enough ! Yis, yis, I hear yez, Sir ; I'll bo wid yez ? in a crack,' added Tim, as the summons was pe remptorily repeated ; then gently opening the door '?'? of Mr Boomerang's cabin, arid showing a face the picture of perplexity, he asked, in a very civil key, \- 'Wasityerself as was jist afther callin me, Sir?' -????' ' No, Rafferty; I did hot call you ; but I heard you ,- called in three distinct places. You seem to be in v unusual request this morning.' .: 'Well, skin me iv I ever seed tho likes o' this in all my exparience at \- say,' exclaimed Tim, seating himself on the edge of ]-; ;? the table for a minute's reflection. ' Thrue enough, ... Iniver sailed in such a tip-top crack ship as this i .-,, : afore, an I niver had sich a regiment of rooshuns to ??;. look afther, nayther ; these chaps bate the Yankees , uii m wooueu uiouiea-puga, uusu u. 11 wiey uuu o. x ? : : wondher who the mischief it was as called me 1 Blist ' ' ; if I know, so I'll jist let em call agin, as the chate ..; ing jintleman sed, whin his butcher an baker tuk him their bills 1' 'Rafferty, bear a hand here, do you mean to keep me roaring for yor all day? Look sharp this way, will yer?' growled a. very gruff voice in the vicinity of Tim's pantry, which voigo i .-r he evidently thought belonged to one of the cook's mates ; and his ire-was instantly aroused at the idea of a man, in a subordinate position, addressing him .; so imperatively ;. at a time, too, when he was un usually troubled with other callers, and was rather in arrear with his ordinary work. . ' Hullabulloo ! ; an what the plague did ye want wid Rafferty, ye smutty-faced galley-ranger?' shouted Tim, start . : ing, and running towards '.the new caller, with .his fists doubled-up for a fight. ' Rafferty, indeed, bad luck to yez, I'll let yes tashte his knuckles, an sind- yes yelpin.ta the: caboose wid yer nose in yer, ._,.,, ifisht, iv yer not off afore I: git alongside ov ! ye. j, . , Bash yar imperance, ami to be yell'd- at by the likes o' ye, whin I'm up to me neck in harrd.work, ....... an .: as bothered as an owld woman in a coach full ov monkeys?' When Tim got to his pantry,' fully ,,|; tupus intruder, to his great : surprise and increased bewilderment, there was; no person there.- ' Blist ,, if I, can make this out atallat all,' grumbled Tim, , i v. returning -to - the saloon scratching his head, and : ;,: ? looking half frightened, and thoroughly cross. 'I'm ? .:i fear'd there's some; cantankerous feller's ghost down (..:? here, that's.a. fact.: Troth an I wud'nt wondher at .. ail now,, iv 'owld Nick' himself ; had, come aboord, cos there's plenty ov his own sort ov fun goin on allers ; but what he'd 'want' to bother me for, whin /??'''there's' so many 6y hisr own prime bhoys lyin sriorin' '? ? in; their bunks, bates ine altogether, I can't urider ; ' tfotand it a bit',; as the1 Yankee sed, whin he picked V,'-' ; up a; Dutch- hymn-book ;?'.' The loud bellowing \6i a ' cow coming down the :main hatchway, suddenly '''?? ''' aroused Tim ? from his soliloquy, and^t.erally made -: ;! hitn jump fromporie end of the cabin to the other in' ' terror arid ; amazement.' ' Moo— -moo— iribo-o-o !'' ' ! roared tth$ cow; as if she were in a very bad temper. ?'???' 'Moor— moo — mbb-o:6 !' ' ' Och, save us all ; iv fr ''ttidtcussed owld. cow has'nt.broke butov her crib, Jrl J;'dn 'wdlked slap'dbwn the ladder, irita the 'tween -f';:v' decks,' shxieked Tim, turning as pale as a white u 'rabbit. . ' Kape iritil yer cabins, girrlsand childers; :|! ';; ddh't show a logout here.'uhless yo want til bo tossed '''??'- ': an muftherod ! Hoy, ! Tom, Mike, Hans, Rbd'rick '?'?'. 'all by yes ';'? jump dbwn.liere, double quick, an bring !; big shticks wid yez ?'' Moo — moo — moo- o-o !' 1 : bellowed the cow louder than ever. ' Hurry, bhoys, 'O : ; .hurry!' shouted Timr to the stewards in the ' '?' ',{ salodn above. ' What the plague are yeall'about ? ; ' Here's that blatheriri owld cow walking inta me panthry full gallop, an ivory blissed haporth ov delf will be kicked to smithereens in a crack. Botheration ! I'll go cranky directly ; hurry bhoys, good luck '; ??.' ta ye !' Down rushed the whole staff of stewards' ' -' '\ mates, with consternation in their faces, and with ; ; ; various weapons in ;their hands— from broom r ?'??-? Bticks to carving-forks. ''Whisht now, bhoys! ' ?; ! beraysinablo ; don't go that way, or yo'll drive the '?-.'.?? 'owld vaggabin wallop inta me panthiy, an ruin ,' ? me out an out in harf a minit. This way, horiies, ^; this way; goaisy, now; hit her a mortial whack, J'' r ivery one iv yez, jist to tache the dhirty baste not to come kickin up her shines in this saloon agin, anyhow. Aisy, aisy, bhoys ; now thin, look out, ' look out, hit her hard !' 'Holloa! holloa! what's ?v all this riot about?' demanded the chief steward; ?coming down at that moment, to see what his men ' were doing. ' What noisy game are you playing at here ? :Oatch-the-owl, jv skittles, or hockey ? What the dickens are you doing down here, all of you, at this time of tho morning?' ' Shure, we're cotchin ? the cow, Sir,' cried Tim, with an excited glance up the passage leading' to his pantry. ' Whisht a bit, Sir, we'll slaughter her, the cantankerous owld baste.' ' Pooh ! Catching a crocodile,' said the chief steward, hastily walking up the passage. 11 Where is the cow? you moon-calf ?' 'Troth, eho's in the pantry, iv she's not outside iv it. Sir ; : an ye'd betther look out, for she's as savage as n butcher's dog. She'd toss the life out ov yez, as soon as she'd ate a turnip ; so don't be afther sayin I didn't tell yez, soh !' _ 'Why, the man's drunk, for certain,' said tho chief ; going into the pantry, and coming out again in a second, with scornful anger in his looks. ' Sorra a word of that's thrue, Sir, oxin yer pardin. I'm as sober as Ballywhack town pump, ivery bit. As shure as I'm alive, I. heerd the cow in the panthry, blatherin away as iv somebody was skinnin her ; and if any bhoy hero eez I didn't, I'll jist give him ? ' ' G,st out with you I Don't spin me any of your ghost yains, or I'll send you forward,'.' said the chief impatiently. ' The cow is in her crib, on deck, and has never moved a hoof out of it since she came on board. It's my belief you aro drunk, and mad loo ; but we'll soon see what's tho matter with you. Mike, run and rouse up the doctor, directly.' In less than five minutes, the doctor was in tho saloon, feeling Tim's pulso, and looking as puzzled as doctors often do when called from their beds, in violent haste, to examine patients who are thoroughly well. ' What have you been drinking lately, my man ?' asked tho physician ; with a searching look into Tim's excited face. ' Drinking, why tay, to be shure, Sir; wid jist a tashte ov hot wine, what Misther Cockle give me last night ; sorra a haporth ov any thin else; I'm not dhrunk, Docthor, nivor fear. Tho murtherin owld cow jumped down intil tho Hweon deoks, an scared tho h'fe out iv me, that's all about it. Troth, it's a raol good job, afther all, she didn't get inta me panthry, or dear knows what phileloo she wud' ? 'Let mo hear no more of your nonsense, if you please. Come to the surgery with me, and I'll give you a little medicine.' ' Be the hoky, thin, I won't take a dhrop ov yer mid oine, docthor, not I, cos, there's nothin in tho world ails me, savin that I'm bothered a bit, that's all. I'm as sound and as sane as yersolf , ivery bit ; manin no offince, Sir. It's the cow' ? ' Tut, tut ! don't annoy me with any more of your absurdities, or I will shave your head, ' and put you in a strait jacket !' ' Whew ! shave me head an stratt jacket me is it ! Be the piper, it wud'nt be a plisant job for any follor to do that same to Tim Rafferty, soh 1 Whoover tries the jacket onta me, ull le straight enough himself afore he's harf buttoned it; take my word for that same. I tell ye, Sir, it's as thrue as ye're a docther, I heerd the cow in the 'tween decks, bollowin like a bull ; an if ye think it's fair to shave a feller for shpakin the truth, ye'd better git ready yer lather bax ; but, bo japers, tho fisht man as cotches hold iv me ta shave me skull, or measure me for a jacket, ull get somethin from this fist that he'll niver be able to sell agin at ho price. I'll hit him such a crack in tho nose as he niver smelt afora ; an he'll niver relish a pinch iv snuff agin, I'll ingage. Now, honies, I don't want to hurt any iv yes, not I ; still an all, I'm riot goin to shtand still, an be. made ugly, an trated like a mad lunatic, widout havin a shy for it. I'm a thrue born Irishman, ivery inch iv me ; an I'll fight lilfe a soger for me rights and liberties. So look out, bhoys ! Mind your eyes, as the feller said to the .crowd, whin he dropped his pipe intil a carrt load ov sky-rockets 1' As Tim concluded his warning address to his puzzled mess mates, he placed himself in a fighting attitude, and defied all the barbera !on board. The doctor was about to reply with warmth, and perhaps to order the severe remedies lie had hinted at, when Mr Presto called him into his cabin. In a short time, the worthy doctor re-appeared, laughing hoartily, and kindly told Tim to* go on with his work, and the cow should not trouble;him again. Tim went to his work with a very serious face, and muttering his quaintly expressed wonderment, ',how;on earth the cow cud walk straight down the ladder, an up it agin, too, widout so much as showin her tail, or lavin the mark iv her -hoof behind her.' In the course of the. day it leaked out that Mr Presto had been exercising his professional powers of ven triloquism, and at the same time paying Tim for the knock on the nose with the pewter-dish, on the previous night, and sundry other scores of anterior date. Tim, however, obstinately refused to ' belaye that any mortial man cud make such a bastely row ;' and {expressed his firm belief that 'if it war'nt a raale cow, it was «? cow's ghost, for sartin ; an if anybowld crather sed it wor'nt, or had the bad manners to say moo to him agin, that same bhoy wud gi{ a whacking thump on his head, as ud make him fancy a cow had kicked him !' Tim settled at Sydney, and, frem being a mes senger to a crack Club there, rose in ten years' time to be member of Parliament for Kickftdingp.-f 