POLITICAL. When the prospects of the Ministry looked very unpromising, and the hope of the Treasurer, Mr. Chapman, obtaining a seat seemed doubtful, Mr. John Crookes, one of the members for Launceston, with a rare abnegation of self, offered to resign in his favor. A meeting of the electors was con- vened, and they sanctioned the arrangement. Mr. Chapman may be said to have been re- turned unopposed, though several opponents were spoken of, and an informal nomination paper put in. But Mr. Chapman was secure of his return, because the Railway League willed it. Mr. Chapman met the inhabitants in the evening of the day he was elected and made a retrenchment and pro-railway speech. Consequent on the sudden retirement of Dr. Crowther, a new election at Hobart Town was held. Two candidates came for- ward, Mr. James Dunn, the manager of the Commercial Bank, and formerly a member of the House of Assembly, and a young man named Pratt. The votes were for Pratt, 987, and Dunn, 922, majority for the former, 65\. What right had Mr. J. A. Dunn, an educated, intelligent, and respectable man, to expect that he would be accepted in such a contest> The capital is too near "the Peninsula" for such a thing to occur! But it becomes an interesting speculation where, with such descending tastes, the electors of the "metropolis," will eventually obtain satisfactory representatives. The constituency is to be pitied. It it ruled by a wretched crew, rendered reckless by the loss of pay. The eyes of the electors will be opened one day, however; but in the meantime the other districts must watch the capital. The issue that has long been suspected, is now boldly proclaimed; it is HOBART TOWN AGAINST THE COLONY! Will this be tolerated? Independent in fortune but carrying his for- tune meekly; blameless in life, conversation, and manners; moderate in his opinions; capable of maintaining them with intelli- gence; free of all sinister or selfish ambition calculated to provoke the envy or alarm the fears of rivals; a man of business—such is Mr. Dunn, who in the hour of extremity yielded to solicitations he had on countless previous occasions obstinately resisted. Judg- ing of Hobart Town from a distance, and estimating it as one would any place of the peculiar proclivities of which nothing was known, it might have been confidently said —"Oh, here is 'a candidate to whom neither party can have any exception; surely his re- turn is certain." And that this assurance had nothing extravagant in it was in point of fact shown by the circumstance that no man with even plausible pretensions could be found to oppose Mr. Dunn's election. They, however, who command the electoral ma- chinery in Hobart Town were not satisfied. Mr. Dunn would not suit them. But finding no room for scruples they accept as their puppet of the day a young man of slender faculties, no knowledge, no stake or position, no credit whatever for business capacity or experience, but with the qualification which is more frequently indicative of incapacity for anything useful than ability—the gift of the gab, at least to the extent necessary to tickle the ears and excite the passions of the miscellaneous throngs so easily collected in a contested election. And this nomination of a clique, conspicuous itself for nothing that a good man would commend or a wise one re- spect, is accepted by a majority of the electors of Hobart Town: Mr. Dunn is rejected, Mr. Pratt is accepted as the better qualified phy- sician for the ills of the State! Hobart Town seems to be enamoured of negative represen- tatives. Mr. Chapman who had been re- turned second on the poll at the general elec- tion was rejected after he became Colonial Treasurer in favor of one who has no pre- tence to the intelligence, financial knowledge, and business habits Mr. Chapman is known to possess. The majority of the Hobart Town constituency did not wish commerce to be represented, and this emporium chose a settler in preference to a merchant. So when another vacancy occurred by the resig- nation of Dr. Crowther, Mr. Dunn, a banker and a man of business, was set aside, and a young man without experience or position chosen by a majority of sixty-five votes in nearly a thousand. Well, if the majority of electors in Hobart Town will not have the best men that can be secured as their repre- sentatives, they must not complain if other constituencies manifest more self respect and decline to lie down in the gutter even along- side a city that ought to take the lead in everything enlightened, liberal, and pro- gressive. Parliament met on 15th January, and we give elsewhere the Treasurer's financial expo- sition. Ministers are fortunate in having entered office at a period in which the revenue shows signs of revival. Customs in 1866, it is ex- pected, when account has been taken of draw- backs, will exhibit an improvement upon the receipts of the previous year of from eight to ten thousand pounds. And what is more satisfactory still, this increase is likely to be continuous. It is the opinion of those best informed as to the state of our markets, the stocks on hand, and the various causes which affect the revenue from Customs duties, that we have seen the limits of depression, and that the returns of 1866 will present a fair average of the future. Temporarily, indeed, we may expect an augmentation of revenue should our Western railway be at last com-1 menced—an augmentation which ought fairly to be placed to the credit of that undertaking; and in so far as the establishment of a cheapI and speedy means of conveying passengers and goods may be expected to tell upon the1 growth of commodities for export, so far may we expect at least a portion of the increase of revenue induced by the construction of the line to remain after it has been completed. The country, however, cannot be pros- perous while the existing expenditure con- tinues. In the estimate for 1867 the general disbursements are given as 144,466l, of which 10,052l are for pensions, 14,999l ecclesiastical, 8146l Insane Asylum, 9843 Queen's Orphan Asylum, 1955l for charitable allowances, 12,141l for convict discipline, and 13,164l for interest on public debt. The local expendi- ture shows a total of 68,428l—the sum of 14,152l being for police, 12,760l gaols and houses of correction, 14,360l for hospitals; grants to public institutions, 2150l; aids to municipalities,. 11,106l; maintenance and transport of paupers, 1700l; and education, 12,000l. The expenditure of the land fund for the year is stated at 56,504l, consisting of salaries, 4772l; municipalities, 3702l; interest, 27,779l; public worship, 1530l; pensions, 659l. Let us recapitulate— General expenditure......... 144,466 Local ditto ........................ 68,428 Land Fund ditto ................ 56,504 Total ............................... 269,398 The population of the island exceeds ninety thousand, but there cannot be more than twenty thousand male adults who contribute directly to the public revenue. And what do these pay? Why nearly equal to 13l 10s a head per annum, while the same persons if residing in Launceston pay in addition about fourteen per cent., or 2s 3d in the pound, of municipal taxes; and if living in the country, from five to ten per cent. for police and road rates. Food is cheap and plentiful; house rent has fallen from fifty to ninety per cent.; the incomes of all the producing classes have been diminished, and the want of remunerative employment is keenly felt by many; and the colony from one end to the other is crying out for retrenchment. The first step will be to discharge all those who are not wanted in the public service, that they may betake themselves to reproductive labor; the next will be to consolidate offices and get rid of heads without brains; and finally to lower by a sliding scale percentage the salaries of all above a certain amount. Ministers have began with their own salaries, and reduced them from 900l to 700l for the Colonial Secretary, Colonial Treasurer, and Attorney- General. The next Governor's salary will be 3000l instead of 4000l, and allowances 1000l instead of 2500l. This is prospective. When Mr. Chapman was last in office he was warned that the tide had turned, that the swell caused by the gold discoveries was subsiding. But he would not believe in the declining state of affairs; he thought they would rally with the times and the seasons. Instead of making the State-ship snug and using the lead, he spread all sail, breasted an ebbing tide, and was soon aground. Then he resorted to the discarded ad valorem duties, which he had condemned and repealed, as a temporary expedient, and thus destroyed con- fidence in himself as a man of fixed political principles. He had a majority in the House which would have sanctioned retrenchment then, but he would not resort to that, and his following was scattered to the winds. The next Parliament showed how great the mis- chief that had been done. The late members were disgusted and indifferent, and very infe- rior representatives succeeded. The Whyte Administration came into office with the promise of retrenchment, fixed duties, and reproductive works, which really meant rail- ways that would ultimately liquidate them- selves. So anxious did they profess to be to reduce the public debt that they sold the public lands for next to an old song to the injury of those who had paid high prices for their acres. They extended the tariff, and imposed a Package Duty which destroyed trade; they passed a Carriage Duties Act and a Succession Duties Act; they inflicted all manner of annoying stamp duties; they increased the expenditure and added more than a hundred thousand pounds to the pub- lic debt, for which they have nothing to show; and finally declared that retrenchment was impossible, and that an income tax of five and a-half per cent. and a property tax of equal amount were the only things that could make the country prosperous!!! This was too much for the public, and when a general election arrived representatives were returned who ejected the ignorant impostors from the places they had obtained by false pretences and clung to by means of corrup- tion. Had they been allowed to continue much longer in power they would have ruined the country beyond redemption. It is to be hoped Mr. Chapman will be wiser this time now that he has members to back him up in the rough work of retrench- ment. It is quite possible to manipulate the expenditure. so as to require no addi- tional taxation. But that is not enough; the cumbrous tariff, the package duties, the class carriage tax, the succession and stamp duties, which now so injuriously affect trade, must be repealed. Instead, therefore, of en- quiring how much the colony can afford to give to employees, the question must be—for how little can the efficient services of the ne- cessary number of men be secured. Much depends on the way the question is stated or presents itself to the mind in dealing with the public establishments. Private indi- viduals have had to reduce their expenditure: commercial and other concerns have had to economise, and the time is favorable to bring down by a bold reform the expense of govern- ment to its normal figure. Frequent changes in the fiscal laws are decidedly injurious, while by keeping the expenditure up to the revenue, instead of reducing the expenditure below the legitimate revenue, every little hitch throws the machine out of gear, and necessitates changes which are the reverse of beneficial to the colony. The repeal of the Pensions Act is indispensable, and will rele- gate those who have genuine claims to their old position. Of the £102,000 senselessly voted under this misleading title of reproduc- tive works, contracts to the extent of £64,000 have been entered into and will have to be paid for. About half this amount has already been disbursed. Now, we ask where is the return? The interest of £30,000 for one year at six per cent. is £1800. Has that sum been returned to the Treasury? No, nor the ghost of it, or anything at all. Have individuals been benefitted? To no appre- ciable extent, and you might go on spending public money in the same way without any- body being the better. Roads in the bush will no more relieve or prosper the laborer and mechanic than throwing all the gold held by the banks into the river Derwent. Now, here is an expenditure of thirty thousand pounds. Can anyone show the smallest par- ticle of reproductiveness? The fact is, the whole scheme was a delusion and a snare, the product of ignorant or unprincipled men. It is just such a policy as might be expected from a cross between a fool and a rogue. We can understand that a railway might be proved to be reproductive. The amount of traffic might be shown, its tariff of charges exhibited, and a calculation of its income made; but here are thousands upon thou- sands spent for which no one is to pay either interest or principal, and this is called a reproductive work. What an insult to com- mon sense! 