CHURCH OF THE HOLY EVAN« LISTS. — LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. On Wednesday last an event took place in Goolwa which has been long hoped for by the -members of the Church of England, namely, the laying the foundation stone of a church for their use. Years ago money was subscribed and land was secured, but without any further result. Even lately the movement has been struggling against difficulty after difficulty for two years, and the older settlers had become convinced that no church was likelv to be built in their day. Ill luck seemed to attend the Building Committee at every step ; and had it not been for the faithful perseverance of few earnest men doubtless this hist attempt wonld have failed. But it has not About three weeks ago a contract was taken by Messrs Burgess anda Watts for putting up the walls. The foundations were laid just before Christmas, and it was an nounced that the foundation stone should be laid on the 9th of January. The day, when it came, proved most favorable. Most of the Adelaide clergy who had been invited were present, including the Very Rev. the Dean, and the Ven. the Archdeacon of Adelaide, Canons Russell and Marryat, the Revs. F. Garrett and H. Howitt, and the Rev. the Incumbent of the- District. Mr Barker very kindly lent his fine store for the day, and divine service was held therein at It a.m. It consisted of the ordinary Morning Prayer and Litany. The Rev. the Incumbent read the former, and the Ven. the Archdeacon the latter. There were special Psalms chosen for the occasion— the 132 ad and the 24th. These were chanted anti' phonally by the choir, who, though not able through pauc;ty of numbers to create that volume of sound which has its peculiar attraction, yet succeeded admirably. Both in the chants and hymns there was that freedom and correctness of execution which would have led strangers to believe that a choral service was an every day occurrence with them. One usually looks for constraint and effort in euch attempts, but certainly there was none here. The first lesson (1st Chronicles, chap. 29 to middle of verse 22) was read by the Rev. Canon Marryat ; the second lesson (1st Corinthians, chap. 3) by the Rev. Frank Garrett. The hymns were Nos. . 136 aud 145 of ' Hymns Ancient and Modern.' The sermon was preached by the Rev. Canon Russell, the test being taken from Isaiah, chap. 6.4, verse 11. The preacher began with speaking of the feeling with which a few would regard the centre of his religious associations the Temple of Jerusalem ; but soon leaving the historical aspect of the subject, he spoke of the relatiou of the Christian churchman to the place in which he worships with the congrega tion — how he can never bear to think that the sacred building should ever lapse to secular uses;- how specially dear to Mm is the one which he himself has helped to build; how he will feel,*when at a distance from it, as if he was cut off from a kind of home. The pleasant things of the English Church were the free and constant reading of God's Holy Book. Let the clergyman be of whatsoever turn of mind, he had. no influence upon that. The Old and New Testa ment at large,, the Psalms, the more striking parts of the Epistles and Gospels, were continuously brought before the people. Next to the Bible, the Book of Common Prayer was dearest. It was human, indeed ; but it, was the expression of the da- . votion ofjall ages of the Christian Church, and it was the work of men not unassisted by the Holy Spirit. How truly it was ' a pleasant thing' to trace each season of the Christian year, from tbe birth of our Saviour to the gift of the Holy Ghost. How ' plea sant' to be able to bring our children and present them to God, feeling that the prayers and sympathy of our fellow- worshippers were with us ; to see them, now grown into knowledge and full responsibility, take upon themselves the Christian vows. But all these pleasant things might be laid waste ; it was in' the power of each individual to do so in himself. Privileges might become burdens, and that which was desired so much, a task. The sermon was listened to with the attention it well deserved. This act of worship finished, the clergy and the people adjourned to the site of the church, and preparations were made for laying the stone. A special form of prayer and praise had been prepared and was circulated among the bystanders. The Dean officiated, and the choir were present with a harmonium. A bottle was placed under the foun dation stone, containing the following inscription on parchment, which the Incumbent read aloud :— ' The foundation stone of this Chnrch of the Holy Evangelists, Goolwa, was laid on the 9th of January, 1867, by the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide (James Farrell, M.A.), in the 30th year of Queen Victoria, Sir Dominick Daly, Knight, being Governor of South Australia, and the Bight Bev. Augustus Short, D.D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The architects were Messrs Wright, Woods, and Hamilton, of Adelaide, and the superintendent of works Mr ThGmas Jones. The Trustees of the land were the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and Messrs E. Dutton, R. C. Sunman, and William Kay; the Incumbent, the Rev. E. T. Howell, M.A.; and the Wardens, Mr Edward Dutton and Thomas Taylor, Esq., J.P. The Dean then took the trowel and said, ' We'lay this stone in faith and hope, to the glory of God, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost' The stone being placed and declared to be welland duly laid, The Deak addressed the people, expressing his sincere regret that the Bishop was not present ; his pleasure at being able to attend and sympathize with them; his hope that they would persevere, remem bering that it needed energy and liberality to bring the good work thus begun to completion. The Aecbdeacon addressed a few words to the peo ple, and an offering was made and laid on the stone, amounting to £9 odd, exclusive of £30 5s. formerly promised and now handed to the collectors. The service finished, and mutual congratulations having been exchanged, the people dispersed. At 3 o'clock a select party met to entertain the clergy at lunch in Mr Barker's store. Tha Rey. E. T. Howell occupied the chair, and Mr Thomas Jones the vice -chair. Wo need say nothing of the catering except that it was Mr John Varcoe's, whose name is a sufficient guarantee. The healths of the ' Qaeen and Royal Family,' of the ' Governor,' and of the ' Bishop,' were drunk. The Dean proposed ' The Health of the Building Committee,' and Mr Dutton responded. Ia answer to an enquiry from the Archdeacon, Mr Vaecoe gave some account of the former attempt to get a church built in Goolwa, and the Rev. Canon Ru=sell stated that some £400 had been promised towards the present undertaking. Mr Hake proposed ;l The Guests from Adelaide,' siyiiiR that, thou^h.they regretted much the Bishop's absence, thuy felt greatly honored by the presence of the Dean an-l the clergy, who had so readily proved their interest in the welfare of the church in the .South by paying Goolwa a visit on this 'occa sion. The Dean, in responding, said that it was their desire to give the present enterprise the moral support their presence would lend that made them at once accept the Committee's iuvitation. The other clergy also returned thanks, Canon Rdssel remarking that he had come because it seemed a good excuse for a jolly trip, though against - his conscience, as he left plenty of work behind him. He had not the moral courage to say ' no,' when ha was asked. Mr HiHDiiAESu proposed ' The Incumbent,' saying that such a man ought, to have his heart in his work, which he believed to be true of Mr Howell. The church in the South was not ia a bad position financially, iu spite of the unfavorable times, and with the prosperity of Goolwa the incumbency of the united churches would in all probability be most satisfactory-. The Ixccmbej.1 in returning thanks took the opportunity to disclaim all credit in originating the movement to build a church in Goolwa. He had left the Goolwa men to fight their own battle at first until they showed whether they had that true energy and perseverance which would enable them to keep together a permanent congregation. He had only struck in at the hut, when all the real heat of the day had been done, and did not wish to get credit which was due to the first promoters and working supporters of the movement. Mr Jones's health was drunk, and the quiet and friendly party separated. In the evening there was a lecture by the Rev. Canon Marryat, with music by amateurs. The subject was ' Reminiscences of my lato visit to England,1' and it was divided into two parts. We propose to give some account of it, as it afforded much pleasure to the hearers, and those of our readers who have not heard it delivered, are likely e**1'. r * r~ r- /??« -v 1 1 # i to feel interest in an account of t!ie visit of an. O-uBtralian colonist to England. -^^^_ The lecturer began by pointing out tH?rS; dif erence between a country with a history and motive* for conservation and one in which the only outlook was— 'forward.' . , People who were igootrat of ustory jnight despise the past— might forget itutl the past ib the storehouse of experience, the teaching k« - ''a^JL'^^ wonld do h°mage to the educa tion and taste which such associations could uot fail interesting lecture, but we will endeavor, by giving a report of a single passage or so in it, to offer on? readers a specimen of its style aud matter Sneak «g of ihe Crystal Palace the lecturer S-' oTall the sights in London and England, perhaps of the world, the Crystal Palace stands foremost. I had onlyBeen it at thtfExMbitioftof 1851, but it appeared to me to be but the natural fruit of that great under taking, as well as the representative of the new era inaugurated by it That first Exhibition has left ttio permanent marks on England. One is confidence in the largest masses of tbe people to behave them selves, and protect public or (as the notices say) theit own property. The result has been the increase on all sides of public- places of resort and amusement, with improvement in the care bestowed upon them, anai no doubt, a corresponding, improvement in the people. Trusted— they are proud of the confidence given diem, and the consequence is a tendency to make every institution mow public, more open, more free. The second is the impetus given to taste. The first Great Exhibition brought out to a painful degree the deficiency of English manufactures in taste and design. The contrast between the lace, glass,' and china of England, and those of the continent! was striking. Accordingly one of the first fruits of the Exhibition was (he formation of schools of design in different parts of the country . The result, as far as my judgment goes, is, that London is now.equal to Paris in taste. You can obtain things as cheap, as goody as tasteful, in one as in the other.' The rer. lecturer illustrated the character of the Crystal Palace Exhibition at great length; dwelling also on its usefulness as a place where monster musical fes tivals could be held— where Costa with his 4,000' are to be seen and heard, and the audience will number 20,000. The stete oFthe church, the choral services, and meeting?, were described- at length ;: English statesmanship and e'ectioneei ing criticized. A curious Society for the Promotion of Window Gardening was spoken of, and a Working Man'a Exhibition, the description of which will conclude our extracts— 'Ih these exhibitions mechanics and others are encouraged to exhibit specimens of their handicraft, their artistie skill, or their ingenious in vention?. They afford everyone who has an idea in his head a means of displaying it And it is bard to say what good may not arise from sugges'Jons tht»9 made by those most connected with the practical working of tools and machinery. But it is iroS confined to inventions. * * * * » j remember especially a machine for pegging the Boles ? of boots worked most successfully by its inventor; a chair, ornamented beyond the power of all carving, from the curious trunk of a gnarled oak ; a design for a plate, on an incline, so that the gravy would be ' collected in one place. It is impossible to say from what quarters suggestions may come. One of the reports mentions a water-filter exhibited by a sweep ; improved anti-garotting cravats by a painter; a buttonhole cutting -machine by a smith; a cloth tablecover, containing 4,700 diamond-shaped pieces, made by a postman.' The lecturer concluded'with discussing his own reflections on retaining from so ? attractive a country as mother England, and with holding but what hopes he could that there is- a real ' prospect in our colonies towards that goal which England has reached. The lecture was heartily appreciated, and we can recommend those who may at some future time have an opportunity to listen to it to do so. Of the music we will only say that the ladies and; gentlemen who executed it did justice to their power and -skill, and gave great pleasure to all. The ' programme, as- rendered; was the following :— Part I. 1\. Instrumental Duet. 2\. Vocal Duet — Come o'er the Moonlit Sea. 3\. Instrumental Solo— Beatrice di Tenda. 4\. Trio— Lightly Tread; and Hail Smiling Mom. 5\. Vocal Solo — Where are now the hopes J cherished? Nerma. 6\. Solo, Harmonium — Chorus' 'from Judoa m«o caityBos — We never will Bow down. 7\. Vocal Solo— Will o' the Wisp, 8\. Annie Lisle, with chorus. Part 1*. 1\. Instrumental Duet — Home, . Sweet Home. 2\. Vocal Solo — England, Farewell. 3\. Instrumental Duet — Potpourri from La Tra veata. 4\. Vocal Solo — Haydon's She never told her Love. 5\. Round— The Village Tombs. 6\. Glee — When- shall' we three meet again. Of these pieces the solo- from Norms was listened ..to with that exquisite pleasure Bellini's melody always gives, if, as in this ease, the singer «an eive? effect to it ' Annie Lisle,' a chastened Christy, Was very popular, whether from chasteness or Christiness is doubtful; probably from both. The round, ' The Village Tombs,' was beautifully sung by three voices, and encored. We do not, however, - disparage the other pietes, vocal and instrumental ; for all were gone through in strch se way as gave general satisfaction. .. After thanks to Mr Barker for bis courtesy in lending the- store, and a vote of thanks to ther Chairman, the Rev. E. T. Howell, 'God eare the. Queen' was' suag.. The proceeds, we believe, were £10, 200 peop!ft having been present. 