PROPHECIES OF SAINT HILDEGARDE. XIITH CENTURY. The pious author of THistoire de saint Bernard (1) has ably resumed for us the predictions of this holy woman. ' Saint Hildegarde foretold future events with, the energetic accents of a prophetess, and from her humble cell issued terrible -warnings against ' those ministers of thb sanctuary, who, being un faithful to their priestly vocation, compromised the work of God and multiplied the sorrows of ?fche .Church. The description of those lamentable disorders wa3 doubtless nothing newto the twelfth century. All the sectaries had commenced their attacks upon the Church, in a similar manner ; schism , and heresy, the genius of revolt arid impiety, leaned upon the arrogant pretensions of healing the wounds of Christendom by affecting great zeal and anxiety for the interests of the Church. The manifestations of saint Hildegarde coincided then at this starting point with the clamours of heretics, as well as with the lamentations of fcraW Christian souls. But her language, although more severe and ncisive than that of others, attracted the atten Sion of the spiritual-ower because it proceeded 'rom that humble obedience which is the charac teristic sign of true piety. She evidently spoke with mission ; and so far from rashly exciting l spirit of rebellion among the people, she ap pealed only to the lawful depositaries of spiritual iuthority.' She wrote thus to the Pope : 'Poor, ?rail creature us I am, the Spirit suggests things to me that must be said to you, O Father of Mlsrims, resplendent Father, brilliant shield of the Church, First root of the spouse of Jesus [Jhrist .. You, the first-named after Christ, sharped with the care of the whole flock, holding ihe place of Jesus Christ himself .. Give, I sray you precepts to the teachers and rules to ihe disciples (2)' .. Saint Hildegarde was long regarded as a visionary ; being but a simple and timid maiden, she shrank from displaying the gifts which en riched her soul; but at length from her veiy lowliness God caused so great a light to shine Eorth, that glory soon followed reproach for her ; and princes of the earth as well as pontiffs, received with trembling her reproofs and her counsel. On his journey in Germany, St. Bernard went to visit the celebrated prophetess. The chronicle of Trithemiua thus describes their interview : 'From Frankfort the venerable Abbot went towards Bingen, where Hildegarde, a nun and a most holy follower of Jesus Christ, had built a monastery upon Mount Saiut Rupperfc. It is Baid that he had most sweet converse with her on the blessedness of the future state ; for this servant of God was known to the Abbot of Clairvaux by her writings and what he had heard of her. On his arrival at the convent, after the usual ceremonies, he asked for the works of the Abbess and read them with so tweh thts more care as they had been variously judged by divers critics, some respecting in them what they did not understand, others condem ning them as merely visionary. But Bernard, edified beyond all expression, turned towards his companions : 'These revelations,' said he, 'are not the work of man, and' no mortal will audtf stand them unless his soul be renewed by love in the image and likeness of God.' One of ftem remarked, however, that many persons, learned as well as ignorant, religiouB and laymen, daily wounded the soul of the servant of God by 'elating that her visions were but hallucinations °f the brain or deceptions of the demon;. There ^Poui^aint Bernard replied ; 'Do not marvel ?rother, that those who are asleep in their sins I 11) M. l'abbe Theodore Ratiabomuv ' I t2) Epist. , sanct. Hildeg. ; ad Bug. Illi pap., I torn, edit Colon, JC6O. ;? : -?:*??!? -:'?? look upon revelations from on high as ;f oily* since the apostle tells us 'that the : natural man knoweth not the things of the spirit. Yes. verily, those who lie buried in pride, in impurity or in other sins, take the warnings of God for dreams, but if they were vigilant in the fear of the Lord, .they would know the certain signs of the divine operation. As to those who think that these visions come from the demon, they shew that they have no profound knowledge of divine contemplatation ; they are like those who said of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, that he cast out devilsby Belzebub.— Then turning to the Abbess he said to her: 'For you, daughter, fear nothing from men, since you have God for your protector ; their vain words will fly away like chaft before the wind but the word of God remaineth for ever (1)...' After having unveiled the designs of Satan upon those who do his works, in the remarkable letter which the -saint wrote to the clergy of Cologne, sho foretold, the terrible schism which took place in modern times, and revealed all its phases with remarkable precision : 'I who am He who is, 1 say to those who hear me : When these things come to pass, a people blinded by error and more perverse than those who now go astray, being themselves pre varicators, will fall like a ruin on the prevarica tors. They will indefatigably pursue you and bring your turpitudes to the light of day. They will publish them to the woild and say of you.: They are scorpions in their conduct and reptiles in their works ! A.nd, puffed up with vain zeal for the house of the Lord, they will apply to you that imprecation : — ' The way of the ungodly shall perish.' But those men, stimu lated and seduced bv the demon, who will so act towards you, will appear in public with a pale visage and all the exterior signs of a wellregu lated life. They will ally themselves with the princes of the earth and say to them : Why suffer you the presence of those wicked men who defile the earth with their iniquities ? They have gisren themselves over to wine and de bauchery, if you do not expel them the Church is lost ! Now the men who will thus conduct them selves, will wear a dess other and more vul gar than yours, they will cut their hair in another manner and appear holy and irre proachable in the eyes of men, for they are not avaricious nor do they heap up treasure, they will also make profession of rigid morality. Never theless, the demon is with them hiding his venom as he did in the beginning of the world when he caused Adam to fall. .., It is by mean3 of spirits of the air that Satan holds intercourse with them; for the wickedness of men charges the atmosphere with a kind of spirits, who, like swarms of flies and gnats, hover in innumerable hosts around the perverse (2). ' Elsewhere, Saint Hildegarde describes minutely the manner in which the action of the demon is exercised in possession. In this vision she saw one who was possessed, surrounded by a thick and hellish effluvia, which, enveloping the whole sensible part of his reasonable soul, hindered the spiritual part from respiring iu the plenitude of its liberty. The soul, having thus lost the perfect use of its senses and of its proper faculties, uttered cries and performed actions which had no real meaning... Whilst I medi tated, says she, upon what I saw and sought to learn how and by what means the form (the substance) of the demon enter3 into man, I was answered, aRd, in fact, I saw that the demon does not enter into man wich his proper form but covers and envelopes him with the shadow and effluvia of his darkuess. For if the form of the demon entered into men, the bond which unites their members would at once be burst, it would be dispelled more quickly than chaff before the wind. For this reason God does not permit the demon to enter within us with his form. But, penetrating our being with his darkness, as I have said, he throws us iuto a kind of ra.;fe or madness which causes us to say and do strange things. He vomits' forth by our mouth, as from a window, blasphemies against God, affacts our members trorn without of them, though he i3 not really within us by his form. During this time, the human soul, as it were deafened and stupe; fled, ignores what the flesh performs (3). The saint goes on to indicate the different appearances of virtue which some of these seducers would assume and practise at the in stigation of the demon himself ; disinterested ness, chastity and other severe discipline, and; continues, penetrating the future with her pro phetic glance : 'The men who in these times will fall away from the Catholic faith will be caught by the snare of apparent piety. They will lend their servile help to the enterprises ol the innovators, striving as much as possible to imitate them, : They will follow them because they will believe them to be just, and join them in persecuting those have kept steadfast iu the faith. Now among those latter will be found most valiant soldiers aucl certain communities whose lives are pure will escape seduction . for then will be seen the fulfilment of what was said to Elks : Many just ones will be preserved (4) and,' as they will not have embraced thesa errors, they will not be shaken from their foundations. ... So, says the Lord, will iniquity be purged by iniquity. ..for the works of man must be puri fied by tribulation and contrition, it must needs be that scandals come, but woe to those by whom they come !... .Now these seducers are not those of whom it is said that they will follow Satan when, at tbe last clay, he will lift himself up even to heaven to make himself like God (5), as he has done since the beginning ; they are . but the germ of i (1) Trith. in Chron. Hirsangiensi, ad annum 1147\. Apud Bolland. Vit. S. Hildog. Comment., §in. 23 24.— A eta SS., t. V. Antuerp. 17.55. . j (2) Vita sanctos Hildeg. liv. Ill, c, 20/ ' ! (3) La Mystique divine, naturelleetdiabolique, plir Gorrea. Trad. fr. IV. p. 257. (' , ':: ;' -(4)ll£Km^,'XI3C. ??';. -,...,,; Mi^-c .-.. - ;????.? j(5);'j^^;xnr;:.iV.. v. V. . ;,,-???;. :.; ??????-. these and, so to say, their forerunners,..' But better days will come for you* The past evils will make you more watchful and inspire you with the fear of God. You will shine anew like pnre gold ; you will grow stronger and stronger in that happy state, and be steadfast like the angels who were strengthened in love by the fall of Lucifer... Hear now therefore, 0 children of God, hear and understand what the Spirit saith to you that you might not lose your heritage. How, I who am but a poor timid maiden, have these two years yearned to announce, these warnings to you. But because of your divisions I have waited until now. (1) ..' ? The remarkable prophecy which saint Hilde garde has left us in her Heptachronon announces events, the accomplishment of which was re served for our times : ' It will come to pass, 'said she,' at the close of the fifth epoch, that the clergy and the Church will be enveloped in the nets of a horrible schism and the greatest confusion, so that they will be driveD from the places which they inhabited. Even as from the days of its founder the Catho lic faith spread itself gradually and little by little until at length it shone forth in the splen dour of justioe and truth, so in those days of folly and weakness it will descend by degrees from order and rectitude. The Roman Empe rors will also loose the royal dignity by which they before governed the empire, and will see their glory wane ; so that, by the permission of God, their power will diminish and degenerate little by little in their hands, because of their lukewarm, servile, vain, useless, and impure lives. They would fain still be respected and honoured by the people ; but, as they will not seek the happiness of their subjects, they will no longer be esteemed by them. For this rea son the princes and kings of many countries will .break off from the Roman empire to its great detriment. Each country will choose its own king and say that the immense extent of the Roman empire is rather a burden than an honour. And ambition and greediness will so completely dazzle the hearts of these new princes that they will refuse to act according to the truth which they had learned and to learn the things of which they will be ignorant. When the Imperial sceptre shall have become so divided, beyond the possibility of beinsr re united, the tiara of the apostolic dignity shall be rent also. Princes and others, ecclesiastics and laymen, finding no religion around them, will disdain its authority and choose other masters or archbishops under divers titles in the various provinces, and the Pope will fall so greatly from the exalted dignity which he formerly held, that he will hardly be able to preserve under his tiara, Rome, and a small tract of the surrounding country. Now all these things will he brought about in part by ware and also by the consent of other states, ecclesiastical or lay, for all will vie with each other to euable each temporal prince to constitute and govern his kingdom by his own power. Then many will return to the rules and customs of former times. But a short time will then el?.na« before the cominir of the son of r-er- ditionj who will elevate himself above all that is called God, and bef ore-God at last will destroy him by the spirit of his mouth' (2).:1 1 Saint Hildegarde in her prophetic revelations ! seems to unroll to the gaze of men the whole | course^ of ages up to the final end of human I things. She describes in. mysterious ? characters the great phases of the past and the future, which appear as a. whole to the eyes of her soul. But the truths uuon which she most earnestly calls the attention of Christians, are th'qse which relate to Anfcichrst and to the last days of the world. ? The following are some of the most remarkable passages of those prophecies. The saint thus commences : . j 'A time will come. when men, seduced by the son of perdition, . will place the faith of the Church in doubt and say with great perplexity : What must we believe of Jesus ! Then the Catholic faith will totter among nations, the gospel and the doctrine of salvation will be little needed, men will lose their taste for the word of life, and their ardour will grow cold. 0 pastors, I who am, will now reveal to you the. things which before were sealed in the Holy Scriptures. For the time is marked when the son of perdition will come/ Arm yourselves then aiid take courage, O you who are my elect, and keep watch against the snares of death. Hold ftist to the divine, teaching aud follow the traces of Him who came into the world not in the pomp of haughty. ostentation but in the state of profound humility. Hear and understand what the Spirit saith of the Church for the times; of the last error : The son of perdition Mnli; be. cast down and then hell will vomit forth .its.' corruption upon earth and1 the world will see, death face to face in the per dition of perdition... ?' ? , . . But the head, should not be without body and members. The head of the Church is the Son of God, the body and members are the Church and her children. '.Now;the Church has not attained to plenitude in her body, she developes herself until the day when her, nutuber shall be accom plished. Then, says the Lord, I will dissolve the elements w.ifch .all that is mortal in the flesh of man..! Already the sixth number is being accomplished aacl the seventh begins, it is a time of repose ...' Here saint Hildegarde repeats, with the Gospol that 'of that day or hour no man knoweth.' Bub the mauifesfcationjof Antichrist will be, as it were, a parody of the Incarnation of the divine Verb: ' . .?'; ?..'/ .'? - ? -'???. i 'For Christ did not .come either at the beginning' or' at. the end of time; became to wards the- evening (ad yesperam) when the heat of the dayi was, past. What then came to pass ? Ho opened the marrow of: the law and gave iisuc to the great streams of virture. In his person, lie gave holy vii 'inity to thp- world, and i (1): AdCler. Colon/ Epist. Hildeg. Edit. Colon. 1566\. ? ? ???? ' ?? :: ?:?????,,? ???'?'V ?'?'.'.. ? i (2) I* Mystique, par, Torres Trad, fr., t. I, p' 402\. ? '?-? --1 }'?:-!??? i''-'-'- '-'' ?? the divine germs, fertilised' by the Spirit, were able to throw out their roots in the hearts of men. ' But the homicide in his turn will come sud denly, he will come at the hour when the sun goes down and night follows day. 0 faithful ' ones, hearken to this testimony and keep it as a safeguard in your memory, so' that the man of sin, coming unawares, may not draw you away into perdition. Gird on the armour of faith and prepare for a great combat. The man of sin will be born of an ungodly woman, who, from her infancy, will have been initiated into the occult sciences and the wiles of the demon. She will live in the desert with perverse men, and abandon herself to crime with so much the greater ardour, as she will think she is authorised thereto by the revelations of an angel. And thus, in the burning fire of con cupiscence she will conceive the son of perdi tion, without knowing by what father. Then she will teach that fornication is permitted, declare herself holy and be honoured as a saint. But Lucifer, the old and cunning serpent, will fill the fruit of her womb with his iufernal spirit and entirely possess the fruit of sin. Now, when he shall have attained the age of manhood, he will set himself up as a new master and teach perverse doctrine. Soon he will revolt against the saints ; and he will acquire such great power. that in the madness of his pride he would raise himself above the clouds ; and as in the begin ning Satan said : I will be like unto the Most High, aucl fell ; so in the last days he will fall when he will say in the person of his son : I am the Saviour of the world ! He will ally himself with the kings, the princes and the powerful ones of the earth, he will con demn humility and extol all the doctrine's of pride. Bis magic art will feign the most as tounding prodigies ; he will disturb the atmos phere, command thunder and tempest, produce hail and horrible lightning, he will move moun tains, dry up streams, reanimate the withered verdure of forests. His arts will be practised upon all the elements, but chiefly upon man will he 'exhaust his infernal power. He will seem to take away health and restore it ; he will drire out devils and raise the dead. How so ? By sending some possessed soul into a dead body, to move it for a time, but these resurrections will be of short duration... -\\.' At sight of these things many will be terrified and will believe in him, and some, preserving their primitive faith, will nevertheless court the ' favours of the man of sin or fear his displeasure. Aud so, many will be led astray among those, who, shutting the interior eye of their souls, will live habitually in exterior things ... and in their perplexity they will say : Where ia the Church? Ts the doctrine of Jesus really true 1 Then, Enoch aud Elias will appear. Those two venerable men, extraordinary by their age aud nature, will testify before the children' of G od that the son of perdition ; has passed upon earth only to ruin men. They will go to the places where he will have spread his doctrine and work prodigies by the power of the Holy Ghost. Tlie faithful will be strengthened, faith will revive, but the wicked will begin to tremble. Nevertheless the man of sin will ni?.keaiasfe effort ; andj- swelling with pride, he will strive to elevate himself above all things, and even to become an object of adoration. He will ascend, a high mountain there to raise himself towarda heaven, but a thunderbolt will cast him down and the Lord will destroy him by the spirit of his mouth. ? : '- When ha shall have fallen, many erring souls will v'etura to truth, and men will make rapid progress iu the ways of holiness. And, even as David recalled to him the woman to whom he had been united, but who had defiled herself by adultery, so the son of God will recall the syna gogue aud briag it into grace. ?? ' v Then the spouse of Christ will arise, strong and powerful, ' in marvellous beauty, and her maghiricc nee will shine with unclouded splen dour.' All will acknowledge that the Lord alone ? is great, and he will reign for ever (1)...' i; ' Lat us here close the awful matter to whipEi the Council of Treves consecrated an examination of nearly three months... The Sovereign Poutiff, after having maturely tested the spirit of Saint Hildeganlo, wrote words of approbation to het with his own hand. 'Preserve,' said he, 'and guard iu your heart as a precious treasure the1 grace which God has lavished upon you, and speak bub with extreme prudence the thiuge* which the Spirit will suggest to ywi.' Hilde-; garde, supported by apostolic authority and^ becoming more and more celebrated in the Church, 'continued to the age of eighty -tw'6;! her mysterious functions of prophetess. The collection of her letters, at the head of which is found that of the Pope just cited, shews the; important communications which sbe held with' the successors of Eugenius, Anastasius 1V,1? Adrian IV, aud Alexander III, as well as witat; emperors, princes and the most eminent digni-;f taries of Christendom. All received the worlat7 of the humble virgin with fear and compunction.- ' She died in 1179, on the 17th of September, th'er day on- which the Church honours her lnemory (2).' v, ,;. .. . ,;. .. ? . . ' ? v;? (1) Hiltl. Scivius, lib. Ill, ex. vis, VI, p. 112- ei; aacj.' ,.'??? ' ?'?'-?* (2) Histo're de saint 'Bernard, par M. l'abb'6? Theodore Ratisbonne, Paris, Poussielgue Rusarid^ 