NOTES OF A TRIP TO BATHURST, ORANGE, &c.-No.; I. .(Fro a a corresaomdett.) AnouT a month ago I, in company with an old friend. took a trip to the central places of the west ern district by way of recruiting health by a little relaxation from business and by change of air ; as well as to enjoy the pleasure of seeing a number of old highly-esteemed friends. The road from here to the Abercrombie is too well known to require any description; but from the character of the Abercrombio district itself we pre sumo it is comparatively little known, except to daring adventurers like ourselves, " who had a long way to go and little money to spend," and therefore had to take the shortest cut, irrespective of the ghosts of Lowry or Ben HIall, terriblo hills or rivers' fall. Notilithstanding the name this district bears, we not only passed and repassed entirely unmolested, but experienced the greatest Iindness and hospitality. There is a larger population than we expected to find, and the means employed for their instruction and moral and religious improve mont is altogether inadequate to their requirements. Iero is a tino field for the Bibloe colporteur, the bush missionary, and the itinerant public school teacher. All these useful men are very much needed on both aides the Aboercrombie River; and we hope the noble associations who send forth those good mon above referred to will soon direct their attention to this too-long neglected locality. The only parties, or rather principal parties, now employed to hotter the people's condition are a number of police stationed all around them, all well enough in their place no doubt; but we apprehend this does not strike at the root of the evil. In directing the attention of some worthy friends on the IBathurst side to this subject, we wore informed that some bush missionaries, sont out from Sydney with the object contemplated above, were misappropriating their time and energies and the fiunds by which they were supported by spending the principal part of their time in more populous towns and districts, where regular ministers were located. We hope those whoso duty it is will look into the matter. The Abercrombie Mountains, as they are called, are simply gigantic hills desconding at a very stoop incline for a distance of between two and three miles from the brow of the hill on either side to the river, forming a tremendous chasm or gulf, running from an easterly to a westerly direction, and forming a complete division between the Goulburn and Bath nrst districts. This awful chasm is the deepest into which we over desconded ; but how much further we must go in the same direction to get through the earth's crust we must leave Mr. Hulbert to decide. The lino of road by which we crossed the river is the oldest line between Goulburn and Bathurst, and is known as Sharwood's irossing. The hills are not of a very dangerous character, though very steep in places; and if travelling in a vehicle, as we were, it requires a good horse "staunch to the collar," like all horses sold under the auctioneer's hammer. The country beyond the river for about twenty miles is principally occupied by sheep- stations; and as you approach nearer Bathurst the country assumes more of an agricultural aspect. We entered Bathurst by what is called the Valoe Road, and for eight or nine miles there is a number of neat, snug, little farms, as closely packled together as a dividing three-rail-fence will allow; with nice little home steads and fine stacks of hay, wheat, &c.;, that would be no disgrace to the father-land. Mlly % fellow-traveller and myself were both delighted witlh the sight, and were both also agreed that we had seen nothing to equal it since we left the old country. Subsequently, on looking at the district on the opposite side of the town, we witnessed a similar sight-nice farms in all directions. We found on inquiry that, like Goulburn, the great bulkl of the land around Bathurst belongs to a few of the early settlers or their descendants ; but these are evidently wiser in their generation than the great proprietors of the south. Having divided these vast domains into small farms and lot them at a moderate rent, they derive a far greater income than by overrunning them with shoeep. They form comfortable homes for hundreds of families, and bring in a very much larger amount of business to the town than can be possibly derived from the some half-dozen sheep-stations around Goulburn. Not having seen Bathurst for a space of about twelve years, we at once discovered a very great im proveoent in its size and general appearance. There is, we should think, about double the number bf stores, shops, and other business places, to that of Goulburn, and a great number of them of a very respectable appearance. The effects of the late crisis have been severely felt in Bathurst; and they stiffer also from a similar cause to that experienced in Goulburn-namely, the traffic, &c.;, being cut off by a number of inland towns that have sprung up within the last ton years. But the immediate traffic caused by the great number of firms above alluded to atones for the distant loss in a way not experienced in Goulburn. Business people are very hopeful of bettor times approaching, and are buckling on the harness and malting vigorous efforts to extricate themselves from their lato dificeulties. 