NEWS AND NOTES. There is at last a candidate positively in the field for the South-Western Province, namely, Mr Philip Russell, of Carngham. Our advertising columns contain Mr Russell's address to the electors, irom which we learn that he is desirous of bringing about a better feeling between the two branches of the Legislature. He is in favor of an extension of the 42nd clause of the Land Act, and considers the question of free-trade and protection to be settled tor the present. It was currently reported on Wednesday (says the Herald) that Mr M'Culloch hud consented, to contest the representation of the Soutb-lVestern Province, and tbat Messrs M'Crae and Jenner have guaranteed to return him.'- Mr R. H. Hopkins will, it is stated, oppose him, and a very exciting contest is antici pated. The opening up of the hitherto broken communi cation along the line of Doveton street, acroBS the Gnarr Creek, is being now proceeded with. An Adelaide telegram states that rumors are still prevalent as to the actual existence of a gold-field on the Barrier RaDgea, in spite of the late newB. There was an important meeting of the Sale Turf Club on Wednesday, for the purpose of considering the facts elicited during the reccnt sporting libel action. It was unanimously resolved tbat, "having before them the report of the trial of Pearson v Wilson and Mackinnon, and the resolution passed by the Sale Turf Club Committee upon the subject, Mr Peareon had faithfully and hooorahiy carried out bis instructions." Mr Verdon stated, in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, in reply to a question put by Mr Levey, that the board for enquiring into the claims of volunteers to secure certificates for land had been appointed in accordance with the regulations, and would deal with the applications without delay. The manure depot in the apace between Doveton and Armstrong streets grows and stinks day after day, as it it was not in the centre of a population of some thirty thousand bouIs, and as if boards of health and visitations of disease were unknown things. Perhaps the borough council will do something when the ghosts oi the 300 babies, referred to by the Rev. W. Henderson the other day in our columns, come in a flock to a meeting of the council, or when the mayor and councillors have each lost a child by preventible epidemic. The depositing of "clean dirt" at the place in question would be tolerable enough, but the filth that isnotv permitted to be put there is really too bad,in these times of sanitary knowledge, and when we are "slaughtering the innocents" at so fearful a rate. The Bhllarat friends of the Rev. W, Taylor, of the American Methodist Episcopal Church, will be glad to know that in British South-Eastern Africa he has been very warmly welcomed. The " Wet ley an Missionary Notices" contain narratives of re vivals under Mr Taylor's preaching among the whites as well as Kafirs in the Cape Colony and in Natal. According to those " Notices," hundreds and hun dreds have been converted, but the Kafirs, who are rather long-headeci some of them, appear to be divided in opinion an to Mr Taylor and the revival services. Some are said to regard him as a visitor from heaven, and others that he has come from another place, or ut any rate is come to destroy the country, and make the local preachers mad with his diabolical medicine. The Kafir version of the "penitent form" proceedings is that " the people are invited to come forward, and as soon as they touch the wood (communion rail) they must be converted; for I have some blood with which I sprinkle them, and some flour which I scatter upon their heads, and then some one blows in their ears, and they are believers," It appears that there, as elsewhere, the female portion of the population is most open and impressible in the revival; but with many of the Kafirs, the " Notices" inform us, "when a woman wants to ' repent,'the husband takes a stick and beats her." That wife- beating should be prevalent there can hardly be quoted, however, aB a proof of the extension of British civilisation to Africa, since it is probable that the pastime is indigenous in Kafirland, and never more rife than when the polygamic slavery of the Kafir is attacked by the advances of the Christian mis sioned On Thursday evening the Rev. Duncan Fraser delivered a lecture in St. John's Church, Barkly street, on " The Apostle of the North." The rev. gentleman referred to Dr John M'Donald, as the apostle of the north of Scotland, and gave an ac count of his doings in early life, following up his career as a minister of the Gospel in Edinburgh, and afterwards in the parish of Urquhurt, in Rose-shire. In drawing attention to his ministerial career, the lecturer likewise dwelt on various interesting events in the course of his life, and on the fact that among his many other labors he had bestowed considerable attention on the Highlands in searching for tradi tions of Ossian's poems. The lecture 011 the whole was of a very interesting character, and was listened to by a very numerous audience. Now that the Ballarat Steeplechase Rices are drawing near, speculation is beginning to grow' rife in reference to the various events. Tiie Grand Na'.ional Steeplechase, the principal event in the programme is, of course, the great centre of attrac tion, anil absorbs the principal portion oi the specu lative betting going on at present. The betting on this event may be set down as follows:—5 to 2 and 3 to 1 agstltigleside, 4 and 5 to 1 agst Banker, 5 to 1 ag-jt Laurel and Stranger, 8 and 10 to 1 agst Babbler, and 10 to 1 agst Ballarat, Western, Uomet, Vatek, and Kangaroo. The night of general entry is fixed lor the 2ud April, when after the various entries have bsen received for the other eveuts, speculation will no doubt become very general. The stakes being good, a large number of entries are anticipated. The swimming-bath in Armstrong street has just undergone a sluicing and scrubbing, thereby adding greatly to the comfort oi bathers, who still muster to the number of lilty or moro of a morning. Tbe appearance ol the bafiu has also been improved by whitening the edaes. It ia hoped that there will be a more frequent repetition of the cleansing process henci-fortli. A short time ago Mr Palmer, choinisf, Lydiard street, at the request of the Government analyst, lorwarded to him samples of the various ales brewed in Billarat, to be analysed. The result has proved most taiisluctory to tbe local brewers. Jlr Johnson, the Government analytical chemist, says—"The re3ultof the examination of the ales lorwarded to me shows that the Ballr.rat ales are of a very superior quality, and, for the most part, free or nearly so lrom tusel oil. In fact, they are, ia my opinion, superior to any other ales of Victorian brew that I have met with. Where all are bo good, it would not be just to single ouc particular firms, as much will depend upon tbe tuste ot the consumer as to flavor, Si-:," Mr Johnson expresses a regret that such ales cauuot be obtained in Melbourne, and naturally con cludes tbat our brewers would do well to placc their ales in the Melbourne market. We have now resident amongst ua Madame Scut tufard, a pupil of Lablache, and, while in Melbourne, a prominent vocalist in connection with the Phil harmonic Society's and other concerts. It is to be regretted that the local.aocieties will not be benefited by Madame Stut'.atord's assistance in assuming principal parte, or, in fact, in any way engaging in public singing, she being a sufferer from a chronic affection ot the throat. .Reference to Madame Stut taford'a advertisement, however, will show that she still actively engages in the other duties of her profession. I'lio following cases were disposed of at the ISnsteru lock-up yesterday morniug;—James Barry was liued 20s lor having been drunk and assaulting the police. Another tippler, named Micbaul llradley, was fined 5s; and a third, named Samuel Brooks, was dis charged. Two disorderly women, named Mary Aune Carroll and Annie King, in custody on charges oi vagrancy, were each sent to prison for seven days. Hosts Wedlock, in custody on the same charge, cEcaped with a caution. A man named James Davis, in custody for being illegally on premises, was re manded until to-Jay; and so also was a man named James Hawkins, aud two women, named Aouie Shaw and Mary Anne Coghlan, charged on suspicion of having been implicated in a recent robbery. Elsewhere in this issue we give a report received by telegraph of the proceedings on the llrot day ol the races ot the Smeaton Turf Club. On Wednesday, the usual quarterly meeting of the Scarsdr.le and Linton Circuit was held in tho Wesleyan Church, Scarsdale. The Uev. H Baker, superintendent of the circuit, presided, In tho forenoon was held the meeting of local pwaabere. They were examined in succession respecting their moral conduct, tbe orthodoxy of their doctrine, and also aa to their observance of their respective ap pointments. Mr M. Wilson, who had been on trial for some time, passed a theological examination, and was received on to full plan. The quarterly meet ing was commenced at two o'clock in the afternoon, and wb9 attended by leaders and stewards from the vuriouB societies. The circuit stewards, Messrs li. Bsnncy and S. Mathews, read a statement of the in come and expenditure for the quarter, showing that the circuit debt had been reduced £90, £50 having been contributed by Mr D. Ham, Smythesdale. The number of members was 306, besides 8 on trial. In the evening, a sermon was preached by Mr Smith, of Browns, lrorn 2nd Timothy, iv, 2, after which the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper was administered by the superintendent minister. The proceedings, which were highly gratifying to the members, shortly afterwards terminated. The Ballarat West Eire Brigade held its usual monthly practice last night. A large number of the members were present; and among other places, the brigade practised at the Town Hall, where as usual a number of persons assembled to view the operations. Thomas Russell, William Elder, Nairne Elder, and C. W. Stanbrook have been appointed trustees of the laud set apart on the 14th January, 1867, for mechanics' institute purposes, at Rokewood. The ball in the new wing of the Benevolent Asylum will be held this evening, the proceeds to go to the funds of the charity. Considerable pains have been taken to decorate the roums appropriately, and from tbe accounts given of the sales of tickets, quite a brilliant gathering may be expected. Mr Saul Solomon is announced to give a mesmeric lecture and experiments this eveuing, in the hall of tbe Mechanics' Institute, in aid of the funds of the Ballarat East Public Library. Mr Coleman Jacobs has given his services also, and will preside at the piano during tbe evening. The entertainment is likely to be anamusiDg one, and aB the object is also a good one, we hope to see a good audience. The new library is now in course of erection, and every addition to tbe funds is of importance. A farewell tea-meeting to the Rev. S. Knight will be given thi3 eveuing by the young men of the Christian Young Men's Association, at tho Lydiard street Wcsleyan school-room. Mr Knight is about to go to Adelaide, whither he has been appointed to proceed by the conference, as superintendent of one of the South Australian Wcsleyan circuits. The entertainments at the Theatre Royal last night were a repetition of those of the previous nights of the week. This evening the programme will be repeated. 