' ' .HANDICAPPING. I. faHC-M THE HOBARTON MERCURY.] . Dear Sir,— I have seen aletter m a northern newspaper upon the subject of the ensuing season's racing in our ' tight, little island,' and unless some one else ventures, to express his opinion people will, in all proba bility, think that the ideas of the racing frater nity are all embodied in the letter to which I allude. If I mistake not tho writer signs him self ' Lamplighter.' He is particularly loqua cious upon the theme of handicapping, and goes. so for as to regret that the stewards of the New Town race meeting have engaged the services of Mr Bond as a public handicapper, instead of allotting the weights themselves ; more especially, he adds, since the Launceston stewards have perpetrated what' Lamplighter' ' considers, a perfect model of a handicap. As far as I (and in fact all racirig people with whom I 'have had any corinnunication) can see, the New Town stewards have chosen by far, the. most preferable course, if there was a ghost of a chance of 'their following the example : set them' by the Launcestan men, who have : certainly immortalised themselves by .; ; their production for the Tasmanian handicap. . Who the select few were that concocted the dish arid ; served it out I am not aware. And under what, effulgent, luminary could they have been . when the happy thought struck them to pay Cother stone the unasked for compliment of topweight. Was it a bright particular spark of '. genius ' from 'Lamplighter' that descended upon their august headsand enabled them to seeareason for his being burdened with 8st 101b, when Strop, who has- run away from him \ two .years in succession* should bo treated to three pounds less? .Then .there is Saxby— the winner of the' Leger in panic's year; he and Cotherstono ' have been two years within a length. of. each other, andnow.poor Cotherstone;is asked to givo him ten' pounds., The other : nomination' of Mr Clarke's, the.four-year-old mare. Promenade, is made: to give a year to her half-brother Architect,1 and pounds, upon pounds .toDenop- tion.i—a mare that' has. performed well throughout, her. racing, career, and is , now turned loose with Cst 121b. Whether the Launceston people, think there -is plenty of money in.: the country .districts, and not sonso. enough to keep it, I cannot say;, but I foel quite certain: that by the injudicious partiality for the local horses, all speculation will be put and end. to.: and were. the nomination? 'Uv the open handicap not already sent in, I doubt very much if there would have been one named from the country, so strong isthefeeling about the dead- set made against Mr Clarke's stable. : The legal business must bo at a discount when ; tho attempt is mado to bleed people -through their love of sport. However, I hope the open handicap will be a more successful, one, and that there will be more people enabled to back 'Lamplighter ' up in eulogising tho stewards for penetration, sagacity, and fair play, and remain yours truly, , HARii;XwAY( : Campbell Town, 10tU October. 