A WORKING MAN'S NOTIONS ON FINANCE. Yours, &c.; W.M. When the bullion leaves us, we make credit supply its place. —ADDISON. SIR: Perhaps you will excuse me for asking you to publish a few sentences on a question which lat once acknowledge I do not know a Tery great deal about. lake the majority of working men mj financial transactions are ex tremely small; yet, for all that, I believe that throngh the influence of the past and present monetary condition of the colony the sufferings of the laboring class hare been, and are, as seTerely felt as are the difficulties of other sections of the community. Indeed, it may well be said that they feel the pressure of the times a good deal more, as the traders' difficulties may merely be confined to a decrease in the number of his transactions, and probably a loss of former profits, whilst theirs are the loss of work, which is the sole de pendence they have to trust to for subsistence, and, in many instances, the transfer from their possession of the little properties they struggled hard for years to possess. The financial condition of the colony is therefore a question which the poorest laborer in it is eren m: re interested than the largest merchant. Believing this, I have been very anxious to learn the correct causes that have produced it and the most likely remedy that might or could have been adopted to avert its effect, or, at least, modify its severity, I listened attentively to two lectures purporting to en lighten the public on the subject, delivered some I months ago in the Victoria Hall, by Mr. Coote, ! and have read all the articles that have been published on the same subject in your con temporary, either with or without the signature : of " C," since, and I feel bound to »ay that j the simple sentence which heads this letter, | ottered by Addison one hundred and fifty yean ago, gives us a far more satisfactory hint as to the cause and proper I remedy for our monetary difficulties, than the j whole mass of oral and written matter that has emanated from that " accomplished financier " from the first sentence of his utterance to the last in his writing. There has always appeared to be a tendency in the manner of his investiga tions to serve other masters besides the public, and it is a tendency which sadly blemishes the apparent candor of his researches. The shadows of two of those masters particularly seem to me to be reflected in every sentence; and although they appeared to be both well hidden from the sight of hearers and readers, by a great array of figures and a copious use of rhetorical varnish, yet there they were, like a \ pair of ghosts, peeping through every para graph —one with a money bag in hand, and the j other with a fleece of wool on his shoulders. I Finding very little light of a wholesome kind ' from that source, I had some expectation that more, and of a better description, would be forthcoming from the late flood of political talk, which has now happily subsided ; but the generality of sentiments expressed on the subject have merely been a repetition of those enume rated by " C."—" large public debt, heavy interest, dear railways, expensive public service, decrease of revenue, heavy taxation, .bad immi gration, too much business credit, want of public credit," &c;, &c.; Now the whole of these causes combined have had a very insignificant influence in producing our troubles compared to one single cause which nobody takes any notice of. Indeed, it seems as if our politicians were terrified to make any allusion to it for fear of identifying themselves with that scare-crow of Australian politics—Protection. But shirk it as they may, the inseparable relation that necessarily co-exists betwixt a sound financial condition and a judi cious policy of encouragement to local indus tries, will by and bye force itself into the cata logue of their principles in spite of their present most cherished predelictions. The great drain of money that has to go out of the colony to other countries to pay for nearly every article we require for business, domestic, and public use, has had a far more powerful effect in bringing about our present troubles than all the other causes named. The sum of our payments, or, at least, of our indebtedness, to other countries for what we imported last year, being the mere excess in value over what we exported, amounted to one million one hun dred thousand pounds; and if we consider that nearly the whole of those exports were pastoral produce, and consequently that scarcely a tithe of its value was available as payment for those imports, and that very little of it returned to add to the circulating capital of Ihe colony. The character of our exports affords us ho proper standard to judge from, as to the extent of our power to pay for imports. It is, there fore, probable that the extent of our indebted nees to other countries for what we bought from them during the year amounted to many thousands more than the difference betwixt the value of what we sent away and that which we received. Now, no section of the community, and par ' ticularly not the laboring portion of it, has the least right to suffer the torture they have done if a remedy lay within reach of the Govern ment to avert it; that remedy does lie within their reach, by simply adopting the plan of Old England, as hinted at by Addison, by filling the : void in the currency caused through our exces j sive imports by the issue of inconvertible notes, I and by stimulating local industries so as to equalise our balances of trade, thus preventing the drain of g^ld by giving employment to the people, and at the same time using the best means to render the credit paper as immutable in value as possible. 