POLICE COUET—ADELAIDE. THIS DAT. Monday, May 20. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M., the Hon. H. Mildred, M.L.C., and Mr. Commissioner Hamilton.] Careless Driving.—John Dignam, charged with careless driving on the North Park Lands on. Saturday last, was fined 103. and costs, 15s. in all. Indecent Language.—Mary Southwell and Martha Bishop were charged with using in decent language on North-terrace on the 19th ' instant. Southwell was discharged, and Bishop was fined 10s. and costs, 15s. in all. Insulting Behavior. — Thomas Harwood was charge by Inspector Bee with using insult ing behavior on North-terrace, on the 19th instant. Information dismissed. Indecent Language.—George Cahill and Bernard Leonard were charged with using, indecent language at the Torrens Dam, on Sunday last. Fined 5s. and costs, in all 203. each. ■ i • Assault.—John Sanders was charged by George Scott with assaulting him on the 14ih instant. Mr. Anderson for defendant. "Several^ witnesses were examined on both sides, and'thb • defendant was fined 5s.| .. ' When Curran was asked by a brother lawyer, " Do you see anything ridiculous in this wig Y* and he replied, "Nothing but the head," that was wit. And when Scott 'describes the in mates of Cleikum Inn, in St. Ronan's Well, who thought they had seen the ghost of a murdered man, we get humor, the root of which lies far deeper in human nature. He says the two maidens took refuge in their bedroom, whilst the hump-backed postillion fled like wind into the stable, and with professional instinct began in his terror to saddle a horse. This was. hia most natural refuge from the supernatural; a touch of humor a; which we smile gravely, if at all. When Hood describes a fool whose, height of folly constitutes his own monument, he calls him " A column of fop, A lighthouse without any light a-top." That is wit. But when Chaucer describes the fox as desirous of capturing the cock, and try ing to flatter him into singing by telling him how his respected father used to sing, and put his heart so much into his song that he was obliged to shut his eyes, and by this means gets poor chanticleer to imitate his father, and sing and shut his eyes also; whereupon the fox pounces on him and bears him off—that is humor; a sort of shut-eyed humor quite irre sistible. Again we have wit when Jerrold defines dogmatism as "puppyism come to maturity." But we get at humor whenPanurge,. in his mortal fear of shipwreck, cries, " Would to heaven that I were safe on dry land with (we presume to make quite sure of his footing) somebody kicking me ?"—Quarterly Review. It is reported that a terrible railway accident occurred near the Nikitino station on the Moscow line. In turning a short curve a part of the train ran off the rails, and eight carriages were precipitated down an embankment 50 fee " high. About 30 persons were killed, and more than 100 received serious injuries.' False Hair as a Cause op Disease.—On; Thursday evening, at the Harveian Society of London, the scientific points involved in the " chignon question" were commented upon by Dr. Tilbury Fox in a paper which had reference to the influence of parasites in the production of diseased conditions of the skin. It has been asserted, first, that false hair contains the germs of pediculi, which are developed by the warmth supplied by the human head ; secondly, that bodies called " gregarinse " exist in false hair, and may become pediculi. The first statement is wholly incorrect, but the so-called " nits " are nothing but empty shells, whence the young pediculi' have escaped. The female pediculus lays her ova at the part of the hair close to the scalp ; in six days the young are hatched, the empty shell is carried forward by the growing hair, and as this is cut from the head at the distance of from one to two inches, no true ova are brought away with it. The inference is clear that no false hair ever contains the materials from which pediculi develope, aud where ' these are present the exis tence must be accounted for by uncleanliness. The second statement is equally untrue; grega-' rines are only found in Russian hair, which does not enter the English market; they have vegetable affinities, and. never give rise to any form of insect. In his large experience of diseased states Dr. Fox stated he had never seen them once on the hair. Lastly, he described a real source of danger as yet unnoticed by any observer. On some of the light brown or red dish false hair, of German origin, he had found a species of "mildew" fungus, which unques tionably would, if implanted upon the surface of weak persons, give rise to "ringworm," and he produced microscopic evidence and instanced cases in which he had apparently seen mischief result in this way. Cleanness is a great pre ventive of evil, and such should be sub jected to proper processes to insure protection against the production of disease. While the great majority of the statements that have been made recently about "chignons" are wholly untrue and absurd, there is no doubting the fact that without proper precaution the use of false hair may give rise to certain uncomfort able conditions of the part next which it is worn, but that even this source of evil may be emedied. . 