FIRST COMMUNION AND CONFIRMATION. On Saturday morning last a number of chil dren were permitted to receive for the first time the Holy Eucharist and the Sacrament of Con firmation in the church of- St. Francis, Hay market. For several weeks past the Very Rev. Father Sheridan, assisted by some of the sisters from the House of the Good Shepherd have been daily occupied in preparing the children to re ceive these two sacraments, with those disposi tions essential to a worthy participation of the graces conferred by them. The whole of Friday the children were in the hands of their spiritual instructors, who scarcely left the church the whole of the day. On Saturday morning at 7 o'olock the girls assembled in the Good Shepherd School and the boys in St. Francis church, the former were all dressed in white, with veils of a similar colour, while the boys appeared in their Sunday attire. Both boy3 and girls wore medals suspended round the neck by silk ribbons. A few minutes after 7 o'clock' the girls, in charge of the nuns, formed into a procession, and pro ceeded to the church, where they took the seats prepared for them. Mass commenced shortly afterwards by Father Sheridan. At the ap pointed time the girls approached in twos the altar-raila and there received for the first time the body and blood of their Saviour, veiled under the appearance of the Sacred Host. After them came the boys in like order, and they also with downcast eyes received the Holy Com munion. After Mass a short time was spent in thanksgiving, after which both boys and girls walked in nrocession to the convent-school. where, through the liberality of some of the parishioners, an ample and first- class breakfast was provided for them. While they were busily engaged in the agreeable occupation of partaking the good things provided for them, they were visited by His Grace the Archbishop, the Very Rev. the Vicar-General, and other clergymen. Shortly before 11 o'clock the children returned to the church in the same order as they had left it in order to receive confirmation. The mass was celebrated by Father Athy, ? whilo His Grace, ' who was attended by Fathers Dillon and Fitz patrick, occupied, a seat in the sanctuary. The following clergymen were also present : — Very Rev. Father Sheridan, Fathers M'Carthy, Dwyer, Gararel, Crone, and Bersanti. After Mass His Grace took his seat in front of the altar and addressed the children on the disposi tions required to worthily receive the Holy Ghost in the Sacrament of Confirmation. After the discourse, which was delivered in that beau tiful and simple language, for which His Grace is so remarkable, the children went inside the sanctuary and knelt bv turns before the Arch bishop while he anointed their foreheads and im posed his hands orer them repeating the words of Confirmation. When all had received the Sacrament, they were again addressed by His Grace, who exhorted them to fulfil the obliga tions which they had undertaken that morning. They were reminded that they were the temples of the Holy Ghost, and if they desired that He should continue to dwell in their souls they must lead the lives of good Catholics. They must bear in mind and act up to those religious instructions which had been incubated to them during the last few days of preparation for the solemnities of that morning. His Grace and the clergy then left the church, and the children were dismissed to their homes. On the following afternoon, Sunday, the children again assembled in the church and renewed their baptismal vows in the presence of their pastor, after which they were enrolled as members of the Society of the Immaculate Heart of Mary. Father Sheridan explained to them th.e objects of the confrater nity and the duties that would devolve upon them. The number of children who made their first communion and were confirmed was nearly three hundred. 