ITEMS OF NEWS. A foot-race took place at the old camp site yesterday, between Charles Dale and John Jeff- cott. The distance was 120 yards, which the latter got over in 13 seconds. Dale was left in the rear about eight yards. The following is the return of traffic on the Victorian Railways for the week ending 2nd May : — Murray line, £5986 15s 8d ; Williams- town line, £370 16s 6d ; Ballarat line, £3833 0s 5d ; total, £10,190 12s 7d, as against £10,561 9s Id for the corresponding week in 1866. At the Chewton Penny Readings on Monday evening, Mr M'Carthy, teacher of the Golden Point school, was amongst the audience. On returning home he found that his overcoat had been cut in a dozen peaces, rendering jLperfectly useless. Such a disgraceful act deserves to be severely punished, and it is hoped the person with such destructive propensities will yet he publicly known. The usual weekly meeting of the Castlemaine Christian Association took place on Tuesday evening, Mr G. C. Leech, president, in the chair. The literary business of the evening consisted in Scripture reading, namely, St. Luke's descrip- tion of the temptation of Christ. Mr R. Lewis officiated as reader. Mr Wilson propounded the question, whether Satan was aware that Jesus was indeed the Messiah. The President gave it as his opinion that the tempter's know- ledge upon the subject was very vague and con- fused. Even Christ himself was not aware of his Messiahship until after the descent of the Holy Ghost upon him at his baptism in Judea. Mr Davidson concurred in these opinions, and cited several arguments in support of them. Mr Williams controverted this theory, declaring his belief that Jesus possessed the knowledge from the time of his birth. The President inquired how it was that if Jesus knew all things from that time that he was said to increase in wisdom and the favour of God together with his stature. Some extended conversation ensued, during which the President warned Christians that it was as fatal to take anything from the humanity of Jesus as from his divinity. Christ was in every respect a man — soul as well as body, liable as we are to temptation, and even liable to fall. In this view he was supported by Pressonse. In consequence of the interesting character of this discussion it was resolved " The Tempta tion " should be the subject of the next reading. The meeting then adjourned. On Saturday, a youthful couple came into Kvneton (remarks the Guardian) from Lance- field, with the intention of getting married. Unfortunately, however, both bride and bride groom indulged rather too freely. and were pro vided with lodgings in the Kyneton lock-up during Saturday night and Sunday. They each made their appearance before the Kyneton Bench yesterday. The gentleman was fined 5s, and the lady, who expressed great contrition, and promised never to do it again, was discharged with a caution. At the White Hills Cemetery, yesterday, says the Bendigo Advertiser, the exhumation of the body of a Chinaman, which had been buried for about fourteen months, took place. The man was named Quaug Yang, who had only been in the colony about a fortnight at the time of his death. From the appearance of the skeleton he was about five feet seven or eight inches in height, and as some of his Chinese friends in formed us he was nearly twenty years of age, and a native of Canton. The first business was the opening of the grave, and as soon as this was done a Mr Kindle, who, in company with four deputed Chinamen, travels round the colony ex huming the dead bodies of Chinamen whose friends wish to have their remains interred in China, went down and opened the coffin. The Chinaman had been buried in a complete suit of clothes of Chinese fashion, including a Chinese . hat and a pair of boots. Every particle of flesh had disappeared, but the skeleton and clothes were quite perfect. Mr Kindle first took up the skull, then the vertebras and the ribs, and then the arms and hands. The Chinese, of whom there were about a dozen around the grave, very carefully counted the bones, and were quite de lighted to find that none were missing — not even a tooth, every one of which were firmly set in the jaws. The legs and feet were then removed. During the process of removing the skeleton a 'couple of Chinese were busy wiping the bones and arranging them in their proper places. They were then spread out in the sun, and as soon as they were quite dry the hands, feet, etc., were tied up in different parcels and labelled. The whole skeleton was placed in a small oblong box about four feet long, inside which had been placed a quantity of paper with a lot of myste rious signs stamped upon them, and a packet of Chinese playing cards, in case the deceased wished to amuse himself on his voyage to China. The box, with its strange contents, was then taken to the Chinese Camp at Epsom, where there are some dozen more skeletons ready for exportation, one or two of which having the flesh upon them are preserved in gin. During the ceremony the Chinese kept a quanity of peculiar, paper and incense burning to keep away his Satanic Majesty ; and aDy amount of fruit, etc., was there in case the deceased should feel hurgry after his Rip Van Winkle sleep. The bodies are sent down to Kong Meng, and he for wards them to China. In a day or two, we be lieve, some more bodies are to he taken up. A determined attempt was made on the 30fch ultimo by some prisoners, fifteen in number, to es cape from their escort while being conveyed by coach from Bathurst to Sydney. The Sydney Morning Herald furnishes the following account of the affair : — The prisoners, heavily ironed, were placed for a short time iu the lock-up at Pulpit Hill. By some means they had managed to secrete a piece of crinoline steel, which they converted into a sort of saw, and by the aid of which they freed themselves from the irons. At about 2 o'clock in the morning the constables went to relieve guard, and, as is customary, the sentries going off guard proceeded to count over the prisoners to the "re lief." Upon the door of the cell being opened, how ever, a rush, evidently by previous concert, was made. The prisoners seized the constables, and en deavoured to strangle them, all coming out of their cell. The sergeant in command of the escort — whose name we believe is Casey — was at the time lying asleep iu the outer apartmeut, iuto which the prisoners forced their way. Aroused by the noise, the sergeant sprang up, and with laudable prompti tude fired his revolver among the felons, wounding several of them, and forcing the whole to retreat to their cell, where they were all, with two exceptions, secured. Of course the room was filled with smoke, and in the confusion it was difficult to distinguish friends from foes. Constable Madden, therefore, unfortunately received a shot from the sergeant's pistol, and fell mortally wounded. The bullet pene trated the lungs, and the poor man only survived for a few hours. His body was conveyed to Hartley, where an inquest was to be held on it yesterday. Two only of the prisouers managed to escape. Of them, one, a man named Rutherford, has been retaken, and the other, Holmes, must also be by this time captured. Several of the prisoners were wounded. It is said that all of them woukl have escaped, had not the courage and decisive conduct of the sergeant foiled their attempt. Later dates state that both Rutherford and Holmes have been recaptured. Hops are being very successfully cultivated in Western Australia. We (Herald) understand that Mr Sands has tendered the resignation of his seat in the Legislative Assembly as member for Dalhousie. The Gipps Land Press has succumbed to the pressure of the times. The plant is to be for warded to Melbourne, where it is expected to make a fresh appearance as an evening paper. During the month of March 2528 persons of all ages arrived in the colony by sea, 89 men and 167 women coming from the United Kingdom. In the same period 2030 persons left Yictoria, of whom 240 males and 73 females went to the mother country. The city court at Geelong has ruled that free selectors must erect a sheep-proof fence around their allotments, or the law will not re compense them for any damage sustained by the trespass of sheep belonging to. the squatter who previously licensed the land for occupation. The frequency of Ministerial changes in South Australia is shown by the fact that since the inauguration of responsible government, about ten years ago, no less than sixteen Minis tries have been appointed and given place to others, the average term of office being eight months. Crime appears to be on the iucrease in New South Wales. We do not refer to bushranging, but tiie committal of minor offences. The gaols throughout the country are filled with prisoners, and at Darhnghurst the gaol is overcrowded. There is only proper accommodation at Darling- hurst provided for 450 prisoners, but there are now in this gaol no less than 612. ' The Minister of Justice on Tuesday night laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly, a return showing the number of clerks of petty sessions who had resigned, or been removed since his acceptance of office ; and also of those who have been appointed by him. It appears that the value of the offices which have fallen in, as above stated, is £4770, whilst that of the new appointments is only £3867, showing a saving of some £900 per annum. John Hatons, a respectable miner and tributor in one of our mining companies, and residing in Jami son-street, say« the Mercury, was on Monday ap prehended on a charge of an assault with intent to commit rape on his daughter, a child of twelve years of age, on Sunday. We forbear repeating any of the reports current tending to show the man's guilt, as Hatons aud his wife have lately separated, and it is said she went to his place on Sunday, and after quarrelling aud being turned out lodged the in formation oil which Hatons was apprehended. From the London Times of the 2nd of March we learn that the Nelson, screw--lme-of-battle ship, 2736 tons, 500-liorse power, has been masted iu the ship basin at Portsmouth, on the commencement of her outfit for proceeding to Australia as a boys' training ship at Victoria. The Nelson's outfit will cost about £42,000 and will be defrayed by the colony. She will be ready to proceed to Victoria about the middle of June next. Her engines and boilers are in per fect condition, having been carefully preserved since they have been placed in the ship. The S. M. Herald of the 3rd inst. states His Excellency Sir John Young has not enjoyed very good health of late, as most of our readers are aware ; and we understand that in conse quence of this, he intimated to the Home Go vernment some months ago his desire to be re lieved of the duties of his office. His term of service will shortly expire, and it is highly pro bable that in the course of three or four mouths his Excellency and family will he on their way back to the mother country. We (Herald) have been requested by a number of the friends of the late Mr Young, of the firm of Young and Martin, to emphatically contradict the report that Mr Young is in Japan. That the body of Mr Young was taken out of the Yarra and pro- perly identified, there is not the slightest doubt in the minds of a number of gentlemen — some of them large creditors of the late firm. That his partner (Martin) went away with the money of the firm, in the Stag, is also equally true ; and also, that by that act, Mrs Young (the widow of Mr Young) and two children are left completely destitute. It is also stated that the primary cause of Martin going away was that the firm would soon have been dis- solved, and he would have to give an account of his stewardship to Mrs Young and her orphan children, who only received a weekly stipend, and never had any of the capital of the firm. Another case of infanticide appears to have oc curred recently in Melbourne. A bouk seven o'clock on tbe morning of the 3rd inst. a constable found the body of a newly-born female child lying at the corner of Clarendon-street and W ellingtou-parade. The- afterbirth was lying beside it. On examining it, the officer discovered that the navel cord was either cut or broken. A post-mortem examination which was afterwards made by Mr Fitzgerald showed that the navel cord had been cut after the child was dead. Oh the throat there were three marks — one on tbe windpipe — which resembled such marks as would be made with the thumb and two fingers. The death of the child had probably taken place the day before the body was found. An inquest was held by Dr Youl, at the morgue, on Tuesday, when in accordance with the medical evi dence, the jury returned a verdict " that the de- ceased was wilfully and maliciously strangulated,' on or about the 2nd inst., by some person or persons unknown." : ! We find the foliowingintheGoulburnHerald of 3rd May: — "A private letter from Syd ney gives the, following amusing account of a race between the messengers of the Herald and of Greville and Co., telegraphic agents, on the arrival of the steamer :— On Wednesday, when theKaikourawas signalled, hundreds ofspectators assembled at Fort Macquarie to watch the race between the representatives of the Herald and of Greville and Co. The boat carrying the latter's message was the first to cut adrift from the steamer's side, and was soon after followed by the Herald's boat, which speedily overhauled and passed its opponent, aud reached the shore first. The despatch was handed to a special mes senger well mounted, who although having to compete with a professional rider, showed he could stick on. Ascending the rocks near Fort Macquarie, he found liis passage barred by a second horseman in the opposing interest ; but by a ruse escaped without a collision. The Herald representative gained every stride, and da shed at racing speed along Macquarie, Bridge, aud George streets ; but finding the street blocked by carriages opposite Giles', he made a mad effort to squeeze between two drays, got bis horse aud self thrown, left the horse in the street, ran the remaining distance, delivered The Argus despatch, and won the race." Tbe Sydney Morning Herald has received intelligence of the death of Mr John George Miller, the second sonof the late Rev. Frederick Miller, of Hobart Town, under the circum stances detailed in the following letter, dated Toorale, Fort Bourke, 11th April, 1867 : — " It is my painful duty to inform you of tbe death of poor young Miller, to whom you gave a letter of introduction to Mr Bloxhaui ; and I have to re quest you will, as soon as possible, communicate the sad intelligence to his friends. The facts of the case, as neai' as I can tell you, are these : The poor young fellow presented himself here on Saturday, 23rd February, but as neither Mr Bloxham nor Mr Hughes was at home at the time, he stayed until Tuesday morning following, when he saw Mr Hughes. After some conver sation he said he would go up the Warrego to the Cuttabarra, as Mr Hughes had only recently left that station, and had promised the superin tendent to look out for a storekeeper — so he went upon the chance of getting that appoint ment. He left with the horse apparently fresh, and we heard of his making Wiulabrinna that afternoon, but lie declined to stop there, and pushed on to Ford's Bridge, where he was seen by some of the company's teamsters en route to the Cuttabarra. After this nothing was heard of liini until his body was found on tbe Prera road, about nineteen miles from water. There is no doubt that lie pushed on too fast, and hav ing taken the wrong track aud his horse having knocked up, lie had not strength to make back to the water, aud there are evidences of his hav ing perished for want of it." 