Tili REV. C. H. SPURGEON ON RITUALISM. i On Sunday, at the Metropolitan Tah tnacle, the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon add res; his immense congregation on the Ritualif He seleoted for his text the 59th obapter ïsaiab, y 19 : " When thé enemy sh 'Come in . like a flood,,; the spirit of i Xiord shall lift up a standard against hie He commenced by referring ' to the- ma -attempts by persecution and otherwise, wh had been repeatedly, made during i -present dispensation to destroy the Ohm .of Christ. These attempts commenced wi Herod ;, they weré' followed up by i persecuting spirit of Saul, then by the ii prisonment of some, of the apostles, a -afterwards by the persecution une Diocletian, but these were all made to f because of the standard of the cross boil lifted up against them. :Then, in tho, ti: .bf that baptised heathen Constantine, w' pretended to become a Christian, the Chur was united to the State, a union which h -always resulted in innumerable misohie -and would always be productive of t worst consequences, because Chris! kingdom was not of this world; Then' -was: that the Church became apparent rgreat ; and glorious. She had gold: ai silver plate upon the .table,-her communie -cups were of tho richest workmanship, h bishops became lords, and her places meeting like basilioás ; but then the souo .of tho Gospel ceased tobe heard, and th which was once the Church of Christ oease -toT-bo - so,, and that which was'' Christin became 'anti-Christian. - Pardon- was pr< ?claimed, ' but1 without blood; pardon wt .offered,' but'" 'not "without penanee; Pries ^ond. : monks became , the masterpieces < .drunkenness. A cruoiflx took the place i "Christ,, and a piece of bread, was made inl -a god; ' But was not the standard lifté -np ? Undoubtedly it 'was. All throug that1- long period of darkness, and ex tone ing from the Alps to the far distar ryalleysi 'there existed the two faithfu -witnesses for. Christ-the Albigensés an the Waldenses-and through those'wer preserved a.long line- of- apostólica -succession, not indeed through the mire c priests and bishops, but through the b oo< -of saints and martyrs.: Then the standar -was praised in the south of France,, aftei -wards in Hungary, until at last it wa ?unfurled in Germany, < and "forth i cam SLuth'er . and Calvin, and the other ' mcm'o'r able j champions of tho truth'.' That wai the time when Luther's words" were said ti have been -carried by the angels,' for m ?sooner were they uttered at Wurtemburj tuntil: they were heard at Rome, makin; the old Pope tremble nt their sound. ' Thei followed Hugh Latimer in England, wh< "hesitated not to rebuke kings ; and'thei ^appeared' John Knox in Scotland, wh< proclaimed Christ with all the boldness o Jus fiery energy. Subsequently, whei -drunken and foxhunting parsons were ti "be found m every parish" in England, ant rwhen dissenting ministers lapsed inti Unitarianism, the standard was once mon lifted! Y Si* young men, expelled frön <Óxfdrd for .the ' simple offence of praying went forth and preached, and to the utmos .ends of the land the nnmp.of Methodist! "became a terror to Satan. ? He' (Mr Spurgeon) believed thát^no ; exaggeratior -could by possibility" bo used' to\ describe the present mischievous condition of thc Churph. '. It was no*'now from without,1 bul rfrom- within, that'ihe greatest . danger mani jfested-itself. . ¿High Ohuroh. ; What'was it.? .Bastard Popery. Broad Churoh." What;? ; Dishonest 'infidelity-not honest-enough to -obme put'at brice and say it did nöt' beliöv'e in Scripture, ,b,ut dishonest onóúgh to take pay for that which it did hot believe.; Both those, parties were making a great noise-so ^muot so' that 'some evangelical friends were hoing somewhat cast' down, and asking ^what " was to be . done. He saw rio help likely to arise from any quarter except this .o'riër-thôt. the , ( Holy ( Spirit would now intérpbso!, arid show . Iiis' strength ; arid there were signs that that Holy Spirit 'yyqa coming.-Ho-(Mr.-- Spurgeon), did not-wan t the .bishops to interfere with the Ritualists,1 ?because what servjee had the bishops over rendered to i the Church, .¿ or , what. ; benefit ' would they over rerider to it ? Neither did he want ¡Parjíaménts td interfere with them. SHO'M wonted í'thó Holy Ghost to lift rip the standard -against Mthoiri. He thought he f bbuld' perceive' that-thère was a general , sjpirit'^f p'ráyér ' coming over the Chrirohes ',tb.at""were\&Üiful.'to/' Christ." Ho 'had appointed the. 6th of November as,a "day for .fasting; and prayer at the Tabernacle,:and the' ,frie"nds at Birmingham, 'without any diotatipn on: his part,. had appointed',''.the "Same day for a like.purpose. The brethren, -then, were oreepingi together and preparing .forthe 'ponfliot'which was impénding,' and he was , happy to say that airibng them uninor -, points , wore being given .up'.' They /.must stand together shoulder to shoulder in "rthià day of trial: ' He Was happy to say. too, 'that there, y*ns coining back to, tho Pro- testant Ohurpheà a greater love of the . old truths'than there :was before, that some of Hie 'ministers were getting siok of their! philosophical ' speculations and geological view8,~au3 ' wèro "giving more of Matthew, Mark, "Luke, arid John to their flook. They Were beginning to see that wherever the old standard was borne to the breeze it would bring viotory. Let thom press to that standard everywhere, and let every man do his duty now in the Cburoh and bo found faithfully at his post. And let them never despair ; let them not evon fear for the result, but let them be of good courage, for God was with them, and, if only they aoted very courageously and very earnestly, they might rely upon it that tlîo ' Spirit of the Lord would lift"up tho standard.-Liverpool Mercury November 3.""' 