Ah. , exceedingly innocent ,|«id simple attempt at- dealing - with, -what -isa very difficult question, was made m tihe of Assembly on '5hesdaj ..-'afternoon, during the debate on the Scrub Lands Act Amendment Bill. ' Itie well known *hat there exists ~ ihe widest , possible diversity of opinion respecting land laws. There are aome wko regard our ownlawjas ^either a snare of the Evil one, or a device of=the destroyer, and there - in - othere ^although these are but few)j who con sider ?t to he based on sound principles in the main, and superior to that of any other of the colonies. The majority of persons we believe view it in much the same light as a middle-aged man would, after a lapee ofyeara, the fair inamorato, at whose shrine he £rst . poured out tibe gushing Iverdure of his young heart. .The wearing hand of time, changed and altered circumBtances, have caused what was once seen as the' brightest of mm. mer roses, to fade away and die. Many Grovernments, and many ambitious poli ticians have tried their ''prentice hands ' to bridge over the legal quag mire in which thelmid act is involved, but .up to the present time, their labors have not been blessed with, any very abundant amount of success. The people of Aus tralia have been a sort ot corpiu vile for .aspiring land-doctors - to make experi ments upon; Like the woman in the parable; we have suffered many thinp from many 1 of these physicians. Th' great, diveraity .of treatment, to wjbieh the colony has been subjected, attests the quackery of the practitioners. In one place we see regulations enforced that land shall not be leased, but sold; in another vice versa ; and elsewhere, a happy or unhappy combination of both. In one country the purchase money is peremptorily demanded at the fall of the hammer, and - in another it is considered one of the beauties of the Land Bill, that the price is not allowed to be paid until a term of years shall have expired. Here we see selection before survey considered the one thing needful, and there it is rejected as a hateful enormity. In one colony a man is compelled te live on his -section ; in another he may reside just where convenience prompts him to do. land is sold by auction in one part of Australia* and publicly raffled for in another; and so on ad libitum. Of making many Land Bills there has been no end, and much study of them has been a weariness of the flesh. All this multiplicity of plans has been devised with one single object in view, and that is to prevent the man who is able and willing to pay the most money for the land in the open market, from obtaining it. And almost without exception, they hsve been utterly futile, and unsuc cessful. The knowledge of this fact tends to make men with any pretensions to statemanship, very guarded in their dealings with the matter. Bat, as the proverb says, 'fools rush in where angels fear to tread.' Tried and exploded land schemes are being ever and anon pressed on our notice, with a zeal and perseverance worthy of a better cause. Some almost forgotten agrarian nostrum, which professes to be a sort of political Holloway's Pills and Ointment, is being constantly exhumed. The latest attempt of this description is the abortive which Mr. Bright attempted to intro duce in the Scrub Lands Amendment Act, for the purpose of restraining a man from selling his own property, or assign ing his interest therein if he believes it to be to his advantage to do so. What Ministers in other, countries have labored to accomplish, by many complications and conditions, Mr. Bright was going to carry by a coup d'etat. The highest triumphs of genius have ^been won by means apparently the most simple, anrj to the eyes of the uninitiated, apparently unlikely. We wonder if it ever occurred to any of the recondite .minds, who have at tempted to grapple with the land ques tion, that what they have- been attempt ing to do, is in a free country impossible. They have been trying to fetter the influence of capital, and in a land of liberty this cannot be. Their edicts have been as vain as the Pope's bull against the comet In the action they have taken, they might as well have commenced to mop up the Atlantic. Mr. Bright would have been, quite as well x employed if he had sat himself, down by the shore of the South Sea and industriously commenced to empty it with a soup ladle. And it is in tealdy » Bourpe of gratificatioa ihat all ? 1 such attempts .have been are couitfrieg where, ^capital i$ powerless to effect the ohjeets ifa^owners wish. There it is only allowed to fructify in 'the deep vaults and cavei-ns ,«f. the earth . where it is ' placed , for i Safeiy,. ^he natural consequence is, -the' people those1 ^oufatries sra ^ M&i;&fg;* poor .-i and- .wretched, : and- squalor and ! ?d^^itution'^onnd ; -fot if men t^annot flo'| : wh^'--^hey|:-Wiil;-; witjli; .tluau* money/! the \ m^ority^-of them will soon ceiute to care for acquiring it. But jsrhilst we allude to what has been done, we are quite willing to admit, that undoubtedly .the popular impression here is that we want a new land hill. ' And such national im pulses attB not often wholly wrong, But when the wished for alteration is effected, we truBtit WiH be upon some sound and well defined principle, and not consist only of a spasmodic leap from one quick sand to another. If the ghost of the old land bill is to be exorcised, it shauld be bj men who have a knowledge of the course of events elsewhere, as well as ^ here; men who are cognisant of some, at j least, of the principles of political economy, and of the laws of the opera tion of capital. But above all things, we trust we shall see no more of these childish attempts to accomplish great ends by means at once the most weak and puerile. 