VISIT OF THE CATHOLIC BISHOP OF ADELAIDE TO MOUNT GAMBLES. [Correspondent.] The Eight Eev. Dr. Sheil having announced his intention of visiting Mount Gambier on Friday last, the ISth inst., a large concourse p£ the Catholic community were preparing to meet hie Lordship and to give him" a hearty ■welcome on this his first visit. But man pro poses and God disposes, for Dr. Sheil was taken . suddenly ill and deemed it advisable to proceed to the Mount as soon as possible, thus rendering j it impossible for a public demonstration. His'V Lordship, accompanied by his Secretary, the'' Rev. J. E. T. "Woods, and the Rev. T. N. Hin terocker arrived at the Presbytery shortly before 7 p.m. on Thursday. On Saturday a deputation waited upon him, and the following address, which was printed upon white silk, and edged with fringe, was presented to him:— "To the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. " We, the Catholics of Mount Gambier, take this our first opportunity to offer our heartfelt congratulations on your Lordship's recent elec tion to the See of Adelaide, and to testify the joy we experience at your arrival amongst us. Your well-known reputation as a zealous and devoted pastor, and especially your election by the Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God as one of.the successors of the Apostles, inspires us with sentiments of confidence that the interests of our ; Holy Faith will flourish more and more in your Eaternal hands ; and in confirmation of this y?®. ave only to glance at the many works in am, of religion inaugurated by your Lordship's zeas* and charity. •" Remotely situated as we are from the centre, of the diocese, and notwithstanding so many years have elapsed since we . enjoyed the happiness of welcoming our Bishop, we. sin- : cerely trust that the. labors of our faithful cler°y have not been without fruit, and we .will also"venture to add, that in attachment to the Holy See, and the respect and veneration that are due to the Episcopal character, we may not bear an unfavorable comparison with the Catholics of more highly favored districts. "Praying that God may long spare your Lordship to preside over us as a Father and Apostle, and promising on our part the moat hearty co-operation and filial obedience, we once more bid you a hearty welcome, and .beg your Lordship's Episcopal blessing, s " Thomas Hanan " Michael Byrne " Jas. Cullen " Philip Ryan " Thomas Bennett " Charles Fox." His Lordship thanked the deputation for the address, and remarked that every part was prompted by a Catholic spirit. Since he had no personal claims tipon them he accepted the compliment as paid to him in the capacity of Bishop. He was gratified at the allusion in it to the Pastor of the Mount Gambier Church, as he knew from personal observation that the compliment was well deserved, and also at the statement of their willingness to co-operate with him in any undertaking for the benefit of the Church. On Sunday morning the Bishop, assisted by the Very Rev. theDean and the Rev. J. E. T. "Woods celebrated mass, and administered holy com munion in presence of a large congregation. At 11 o'clock he administered the sacrament of confirmation. The Church was crowded to ex cess—people of all denominations being present to witness the ceremony. Eighty-three candi dates presented themselves for confirmation, \- J^jwity "woering long white veils, which, in addition to the tasteful decorations of the Church, rendered the ceremony imposing. Over the altar was a scroll with the device "Welcome to our Bishop," worked in green leaves on a white ground. His .Lordship was assisted by the Yery Rev. the Dean, the Rev. J. E. T.fWoods, the Rev. J. N. Hinterocker, and the Rev. C. van der Heyden. Prayers were read in the evening by the Rev. C. van der Heyden. After which the Bishop delivered a most edifying discourse, in which he alluded to the fact of our Saviour being brought to the Temple by His parents, and reminded Christian -Parents of the solemn obligation they are under with regard to their children. The choir, con sisting of the- school children, sang several hymns and the Litany. His Lordship expressed himself much pleased with the progress they had made; as they sang in a manner which reflected great credit on their teachers and on the Rev. C. van der Heyden, who bestows much care upon them. On Monday evening, the Rev. J. N. Hinterocker preached a sermon in German, to a largo congregation, including several of the leading German Protestants, who expressed universal satisfaction _ at the rev. gentleman's eloquent and instructive discourse, in which he demonstrated _ the unity _ of the Church. On Monday morning Dr. Sheil, accompanied by his Secretary and the Dean, started from Penola, from whence he will proceed to Hamilton. 