4 ' CURRENT TOPICS. The election of a member as the Par liamentary representative of the: district of South Grant did not cause much ex citement until yesterday, when the ballot :box whs put in requisition. Our reports state that in' the several divisions of the district party feeling ran high, aud this would seem te be corroborated from persons in Geeiong, who possessed no vote, expressing great interest in the re sult of the election. From an early hour in the forenoon groups of people were to be observed standing in the streets con versing on the probable success of either of jtiie candidates, and as the hour 01 four approached, all were on the qui vive to hear the result of the poll from the various polliug places. When the report of-the Spoiling ..by' the latest returns ar rived, the number of votes to hand were shown to be, for Stutt 708, Campbell 361, Berry.79, and Lotigden 66, as more parti cularly'scated 'elsewhere. It will be seen that Messrs!"*Berry and Longden not having polled votes to the extent" of oue fifth of "the number" recorded for the can didate at the head of the poll, will have'cach-to ferfeit their deposit motity 1 , of .£50. i . ... 1 1 A special general meeting of the share holders of the Rpseneatli Milling Com i| pauy (Rokewood), for the purpose" of | deciding upon future operations, was held last evening, at Noonan's" Hotel, Malop - street. The manager read the directors' report, which stated that the present board pledged themselves not to call up more than 10s per share on the new issue without the sanction of the shareholders at a special meeting. Of the new issue 15S8 shares had been taken up, the calis on which amounted to .£794. The total yield of gold since July 12th, when mining operations were recommenced, was 49 oz 9 dwt8 12 grs, which had been got at a cost of £600 6s 3d. A considerable nmouut of | ground had been opened, and a portion .blocked out.' During the last fortnight the* directors had, to test the capa bilities, of the mine, employed a large number" of hands to raise and" wash a quantity of dirt. The yield during that period had been 20oz 12dwts and the directors did not feel justified in carrying on-the works further unless means: for further prospecting were avail able, ! The liabilities of the company were £422 4s 2d, the available assets without calling up more capital being £345 4s 2d. The directors regretted the low yield as at the time they were compelled to stop operations the ground presented indica tions of being of a payable character. Tito- manager's report, xvhicb was then read, stated that the drive going north towards the shallow ground had been ex tended 194. feet without favorable result. The eastern drive had been worked 140 feet when a hard bar of reef was struck upon. Prom the north eastern side of the shaft ] a bh ck of grouud 24 x 20 feet had been taken out, and one of 24 feet on south-west side, the depth of wash being from one to three feet. Washdirt filling 2626 trucks had been raised,. which bad yielded air ,average of 0 grs to the truck. In answer to questions put by shareholders present at' tnc meeting, the manager stated that the entire amount of calls due on the old calls was £57 9s lOd, but the shares on which it was due had been forfeited. On the" new calls £318 was due, of, which only £79 10s had been paid. The, directors had not paid" their calls but the 'company had their promissory1 note lor £150, and as they had not paid any fees for the last quarter, the'company were indebted to them. If the calls due uere paid up the .whole of the debts due' could be paid off with the exception , of the mortgage, so the • company was in a solve at condition. The miniug manager | gave dt as his opinion that the company's ground included, the gutter now beiug worked by the Break o'Dny Company. All the shareholders present seemed in favour'of prosecuting the works of the company, especially as Mr Grant, of | Grant's party, had given an opinion that there was a run of gold in the claim as rich as any in the colony. After some discussion it was decided that the direc tors be requested to carry on the works of the company, and^procced to call up the whole of the capital, if necessary. This was the whole ot the busiuess, and the meetiug adjourned, after according a | vote ot thanks to the chairman, Mr Wil liamson. Tl e monthly meeting of the Connewarre District Boad Board took place on Wed nesday last, at the board's office, at which the chairman, James Noble, Esq, and Messrs Garduor, White, and Bowden, wire present. Mr George Kegg made the usual declaration and took his seat at the hoard, in the place of Mr Opie, re si,md. The remainder of the business was of a mere formal character, road-j rnikiog . operations being temporarily suspended, owing to the state of the b 'aid's exchequer. After some conver sa'.icii amongst the members on general topics the board adjourned nutil Wed-, nesday, Oct I6th. A dispute over a tin disli between two ! women gave rise to a case of assault at the Central Police Court yesterday. Both complainant and defendant used their tongues pretty freely causing some merri ment to the visitors of the court, and the case was adjourned for the attendance of a witness whom the defendant said could prove that she did not strike the first blow. ' The lower mast of the flagstaff on which is to be hoisted the Royal Standard, pur chasedi-'by-the: Town Council, when the Duke of Edinburgh arrives, "was yester day erected safely and is now quite firm in its position. The rigging and topmast will be'put up immediately. By advertisement wo perceive that the Rev. C. S. Y. Price, of Emerald Hill, will preach at the M'Killop-street- Congrega tional Church to-morrow, morning and evening. . .A ciuhplimeiitary dinner and a" testi moi-iai.is to.be given, as will be seen on reference to bur advertising columns, to Mr B. J. Downing, late organist of St. Mary's Church and a teacher of music, of considerable standing. Tuesday even ing, the 17th instant, has been fixed for the event, which will take place at the Terminus Hotel. !' The Rev. Francis Rac, from Canada, will preach in St.* Andrew's Church, Yarra street. on Sunday .next and oil the follow-. Mug Sabbath. ; A woman naimed ErskincMvas charged ■at the Central Police " Court yesterday' with i stealing", a tumbler, the property of |iJames.Le.Sueur, landlord of the Cily of Norwich hotel, and with breaking three panes of glass. For the latter offence she was fined 10s and 5s costs', and iii default seven days' imprisonment, the first charge hot-beiDg dealt with. Mr. Bunce has received advices that Dr Tyerman, .director o the Liverpool, Bo- tanical Gardens would forward by the iron ship Hurricane, in care of Captain Johnstone, a case of choice plants of the specie rhododendron, and which will contain a great variety of other plants. The vessel was to leave in July, and we may be sure the plants will be taken, care of by Captain Johnstone, who ren- dered many such services to our gardens when he commanded the Lightning. The case of plants received from Dr Tyerman by the White Star, have been, placed in the hot-house and are thriving well. In the hot-house is to be seen a fine specimen of the gianthinum sanguineronm; and a plant of the Madagascar bean which has grown to a height of nearly five feet, and looks very healthy. In the nursery the beautiful yellow flower of the corbu- laria is quite charming to the eye, and as a number of other plants are in bloom a visit is well repaid. The cinerarias, azaleas, and generaniums, of which there is a good stock in the conservatory, are in full bloom, and their varied colors con- trastcd with the green leaves of number- less other plants have a very pretty effect. A specimen of the ruellia is also in bloom as well as a mimulus or monkey plant. The following donations have lately been received by the Curator :—Seeds from Queensland, from Mr Buchanan ; seeds from Rockhampton, front Miss Fyans ; a native bean, from Mr Heebie; and an oppossum, from Mr J. Hill. During the meeting of the Connewarre Road Board, on .Wednesday last, a storm of. hail passed over the district, which for severity and duration has not been ex perienced for many years. The hail des cended for full half an hour, and the stones were of such a size as to Buggest the pos- i sibility of the destruction of the slate roof of the building wherein the meeting was' being held. The thunder and lightning | was also very severe. We learn that very fine oranages have been grown by Mr Titos. Craike, on the Axe Creek, Bendigo. The trees from which they were gathered were planted five years ago, and were imported from ' Sydney. « liitemliiig "exhibitors ;at the great exhi oition by the-.Geelobg and Western Dis "rict Agricultural and Horticultural So ciety .111 Thursday next, should bear in . mmd that Monday is the very last_day - . chat entries can be made with the secre tary, in accordance with the advertise ment in another column. :• Pressure upon our space compels: US hold over our usual report of the meeting of tli» Colac Shire Council. y''' . " Old Don " is an intelligent old dog, a handsome-black and- tail mixed with white, with a good"" natured;. intelligent expression of couutenaiico,--and good canine craniological development.. 'He always follows his master with most devoted assiduity. I have scraped, a friendly acquaintance with old "Don". and I see him almost daily; lie looks at me with a complacent benignant, pa tronising air, and uiy self vanity leads mo to think he must possess the bump of discrimination strongly marked, for I notice he puts oil ail ominous look; if an ill looking fellow passes him on business. < with his master. His master wentintotbo .. country the other day, and old "Don" can't, make it'out. He came to. the office in great perplexity the other evening, in search of liim, and persistud'iu laying at ,, the office door, perchance, if his. missing master might come in. I pitied the poor old dog's distress, and tried to comfort bimj but he seemed to pay small liecd to my caresses. At last I bad to leave, and ,: looking at old "Don," said to him "come, . old fellow, its 110 use lying there, coino away home." He gave me an intelligent look, as much as to say "are you in earnest." Extinguishing the gas seemed to convince him, for on my going, he gave me a sorrowful-and resigned,look,- gave one wag of his tail, and followed me into the street. I saw .him afterwards w'lth downcast head pursuing his way home, where he knew if his master was away, lie would be carefully attended to. The foregoing has been communicated to U9. Information" was. received by tbe Go verb men thy despatches by the last mail,', v to the effect that the Nelson, steam frigate,'wouldin all probability sail foe this coloiiy about the end of August. She was detained waiting for tbe six 300- . pound guns orderedfor.theshore,defences, -here, which she might bring out in order to save freighr. The crew, however,had . not been engaged, so that tip expense was being incurred.- One or two alterations, and improvements had. also been sug gested in the boilers ,and-machinery of the Nelson, and, advantage: was - being ; j - taken of the'delay to.'carry them " into effect. • \Ye are informed that there is no. (..., truth in tlie*" report "that the Nelson' was rotten and but ' 'little worth. During the thorougli overhaul which she underwent only two or; three' - pieces of unbound timber were ^discovered, ,.aud those were alt removed. The plans and drawings for the iron turret ship" bad been prepared:.by,: the Admiralty,, and , sub mitted.to Major Pasley, and he had taken » the best-'-unofficial professional opinion a n.n upon them which was'to be obtained in , the Uuited.JK.iugdom. Only a few trifling. ;jf improvements were , suggested, and, these . are to be carried 'out; Tenders for ithe c instruction of the vessel were to be im mediately called for, iuid-if is said that ;'. j' when finisbed the Victorian turret ship ; ; will be one of the finest, if not the finest, . J/J vessel in the world. She.will be armed, with four GOO'-uouiid guns, 'and is esti mated to cost .£120,000. Before any tender is accepted it will be sent to Major Pasley for his approval. : ; ' ) v .: 'L'lie Edinburgh Evening Courant gives the report of a dinner given to .Chevalier".". E-piuasse, the father of Mr Espiuasse, - of this town (Geelong), in com-- - plimenfc and acknowledgement of the ' unsurpassed ability and success with which he has taught tbe French Inn- . gunge "and literature in Scotland during' the "last fifty-eight years, and in testimony of respect for the sterling excellence of his character." The company numbered between forty and fifty, and would have beeu much larger but for tbe period of the year and the distance of many of the , >; pupils of the gallant and learned guest., _ M. Espinasso wore on tlie occasion the Cross of the Legion of Honour, presented. ■ to" him by S.M. l'Empereur Napoleon ILL; aiicl also the StJ 'Heleiiii Medal, presehtecF"* by tbb Emperor Napolcon l., bearing the inscription, " A , les. Compagnous . de Gloire, sa dernihre ponscj, 5 Mai, 1821," The company included—Lord Barcaple, chairman ; Professor Douglas Maclagau, who occupied the vice- chair:: Sir James Coxo, Professor Allen Thomson,;, Mr Bronn, P.C.S.; Mr Sheriff Mark Napier, Mr Sheriff tlallanl. Mr Maitland, Sheriff- ■ Clerk ; and a number of otbergentlemen. The occasion seems to have passed off with considerable eclat, and the old Chevalier after returning thanks for ilia health being.drank, proposed as his toast,: The Ladies." - / „ The following suggestive paragraph is taken from the Home News:—"I'll follow thee !" is the designation of a cartoon in ai'late number' of tlie Tomahawk*, It represents the Prince of Wales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Hora- , ,titi,Jis holding him back, froiu , pursuing tbe ghost of George TV., to whom the Prince*is 6'a.ying, "I'll follow thee!" -The inference• is obvious,'and tbe publication' .. of such a picture-is surely a sign of the . times;- forrthe Tomahawk ' (says - the ' Flaneur in the Star) is by no means a low. Radical paper." . It is another sigh of the.times,-which will .probably have beeu noticed by those whose inclination or whose duty, prompts their attendance at, JpiVblic dinners, that while theitoast of the Prince of; Wales,; once, so provocatiye'of .enthusiasm, is hiiw received, with'corny . parative coldness, /the mention -of "the '• liaiiie of tlie Princess,2calls forth.unmisy , takable dciuonstratiohs cif-^yiupathy^ahdr' personal attachment.' Qutvivrd verm. A valuable •bOok'has beeu'presented to 1 ! the Public Library by: i h•!' Hon. 'G.!:F.'.', . Verdun.It,is, entitledTables; of .the',. Results of a! Series of Experiments on-;; .the Strength of. British, Colonial.'gnd v other 'Woods-Exhibited .at';'the: Inter- J'; -colonial Exhibition,. -1862... Made,' at ;Soutli Kensington Museum, \ by Captain Fhwke, R,E.,- with his report, on .similar txperiuictits in" 1855.'!' -Sergeant|Morton desires to acknowledge tlie receipt of ■ £1. to the funds of the poor;box;from Mr Campbell, who gave • the amount oil the license of the Gale- ' donian Hotel being transferredjto him. '" 