BALLAN. (NvROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) I Ant most happy to inform you that a meeting was held on Monday evening last, 92nd July, at Flack's Hotel, of gentlemen interested in the formation of a Friendly Society for Ballan; and this time, after two years struggle, they succeeded in realising their fondest hopes. The meeting was well attended, and it was decided to open a Porosters' Court, as soon as the rules and regulations of that Society would allow. Twelve gentlemen paid down their entrance money. They were Messrs. W. C. Pung, D. Frazer, Robert Munro, W. Gosling', Hi. '. G. HIolyoake, Geo, Flack, jun., W. Duncan, J.P., William Rogers,. Henry Ashton W. Spice and II. Watkins. Mr. HI. T. G. Holyoake was called to the chair, and after explaining- the objects and advan tages of Friendly Societies,'called upon Mr. `. Pung to read a communication which Mr. Frazer hadtreceived fiorm Melbourne, relative to the business then under consideration. After that gentleman had read the letter, it was at once decided to estiablish a Gotult Messrs. Pung and Frazer explained that the next thing to be done was for those who intended to become members to pay 5s. each. Dr. Bull was then consulted, and that gentle man passed all the candidates, and gave a certificate of health. It was then moved by Mr. Holyonko, and seconded by Mr. Frazer -"That the Court, when established, be named " ' Court Ballan.' " Carried. Mr. Punao then moved, and Mr. Frazer seconded -" T'hat the Court shall be held on alternate Wednesday nights." Carried. So you will see that we have accomplished another "visionary" reform. Much praise is due to Mr. D. Frazer and Mr. Pung, as without them it would have still been hard fig"hting'. "Never give up" is a splendid watcEiword, and will win many a good battle yet. Oh, if the frogs would only stop croaking', we would soon have a splendicl little town, instead of a dismal swamp. I wish the ghost of old St. Patrick would just pay us a visit, and do for Ballan what lie did for old Ireland-banish all the frogs, The report of the last meeting of the Ballan Shire Council shows that three members retire by rotation- Messrs. Os. borne, Millyard and Short. But, notwith standing this fact, and the importance of procuring the best men to be found to repre sent, onu interests at the Council table, no steps'hiwve been taken to induce a new man to come forward. There is no doubt but that lBallan's political ship is becalmed; and, judging from the little interest the coming election is exciting, I should most decidedly say that it is a " dead calm." Either the ratepayers are fully satisfied with the men they have got, or they are not worthy of the franchise they hold. This opinion may seem harsh upon my part; still, I cannot help but think so. The first thing that a physician seeks to know is what causes a disease in the body of' his patient. When the cause is ascertained, the remedy is easy. So with a true politician. 'When anything ails the body.politic, he. seeks to learn its cause ; and knowing that, he is a fool if he cannot supply a remedy. Now comes the question--Whtat ails Ballan ? what is the disease that has robbed her of health, strength, and almost life, for these many years back P The answer is-" bad legislation" on the part of our only governing body-the Shire Council. Before i proceed further with my argument, lot me say that I do not wish to treat disre. spectfully the gentlemen who compose our Shire Council, for I know that much credit is due to them for the manner in which they conduct the public business of the rate payers. Besides, I give to them what I demand for myself in public matters- honesty and sincerity of purpose, and a desire to discharge their public trust for the good of the many, without one moment's cousidera tion of self. But, independently of all this, it is one thing to be able to mean well, and another to be able to do well. In the Maho medan faith, there is a certain cock, which stands upon the earth, and crows in the seventh heaven ; and his clear clarion voice proclaims the hour of day to people whose thoughts are bent upon other matters than those which partakeo only of the "earth, earthy,." So with men; so long as their voice is heard only about contracts, plans and specifications so long will they discharge one duty only among the many duties of legis lators for the public good. What says the Local Government Act ? Why, that every town shall govern its own local interests, have power over its own revenue, &e.; Now, I maintain against all comiers that, to all intents and purposes, a Town Council is no more nor no less than a local Parliament, not to construct roads and bridges only, but to consolidate every social, commercial, and religious interest that will concern the inha bitants of the town and shire in which it exists. And I maintain further that until this view is acted upon, that Town Councils are a farce, so far as the centre of population is concerned. Take Ballau for an instance. Since the establishment of local government, close upon £80,000 has been expended-upon what? Roads and bridges in every con ceivable direction, while the towns of the shire have been left without the necessary buildings to transact public business in. Councillor Farmer is quite contented to have £200 or £800 expended to have a road made befobre his door, in order to enable him to take his produce easily to a market flfty miles away; whereas, by wise expenditure and legislation, he could have a market at his own door, by creating a market in his own shire town. I may be told that I am dreaming over visionary reforms again. So be it; but I know and feel that I am right, and my doctrine sound and practicable. And Ballan will never go ahead until she returns some few men to her Council table, who know how to build up towns whilsst others are laying down roads and building up bridges "for others' uses." I fully expect that these elections will end in 'a " walk over." 