ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL. INSTITUTION OF THE NEW INCUMBENT, Yesterday at St. David's Cathedral the ceremony of instituting the newly appointed incumbent of St. David's, the Rev. F. H. Cox, B. A., in succession to the Ven. Archdeacon Davies re- signed, took place after divine service which commenced at eleven o'clock.TheRevt.H. Bromby, A. Davenport, B. A., F Hudspeth, M. A and F. H. Cox, B. A., entered the Church from the vestry, preceding the Ven. Archdeacon Davies and. the Right Rev. Bishop Bromby, who took their places within the communion rails, the other clergymen standing without, except the Rev. Mr, Hudspeth, who went to the reading desk. The proper psalms appointed for the occasion were Ptalaa cxxii, cxxxii, and xxxiii. The proper lessons were 1st Ezekiel xxxiii v. 1 to 10. 2nd St. John, a v. 1 to 19. The Rev. Mr. Bromby took up the service at the 2nd lesson. Mr. F. A. Packer presided at the organ. At the conclusion of the morning service the Venerable Archdeacon, the institute, addressed the clergy and congregation in the usual form as follows: Dearly beloved in the Lord, we have assembled for the purpose of duly instituting the Rev. Frederick Holdship Cox into the prison at incumbent of the same and we have received from the Bishop the prescribed letter of institution. But if any of you can show just cause why he may not be instituted, we proceed no further, because we would not that an unworthy person should minister among you. No objection being offered, the keys of the church, which had been handed to him by Henry Cook, Esq., at senior churchwarden, were' presented by the Archdeacon to the new incumbent, saying-In the name and on behalf of St. David's parish, I do receive and acknowledge you, the Rev. Frederick Holdship Cox, at incumbent of the time, and in token thereof give into your hands the keys of this church. The new Incumbent then said I, Frederick Holdship Cox, receive these keys of the hour of God st your hands at the pledges of ray matting tion, and of your parochial recognition, and promise, by the help of God, to be a faithful shepherd over you, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. A prayer having been offered, The Bishop received the incumbent within the communion rails, and presented him the Bible and the Book of Common prayer, saying : RIP ceive these books, and let them be the rate of by conduct in dispensing the divine word, in leading the devotions of the people, and in exercising the discipline of the church, and be thou in all things a pattern to the flock committed to thy pure. «WSSJBBtStB---?-? An anthem followed, and then the benediction, when The rev. incumbent offered supplication for himself, and prayer for the congregation, in the customary fern. The Bishop preached from Gal. iv. 4, followed by the Holy Communion, and after the benediction, the rev. incumbent received the congratulations of the Wardens and various members of the congregation. 