MIiscellaneous. A FEMALE CAVALR"utAN.-A sIrr. Francis F. cSi.?c is now in Washington applying at the Pay Department for back pay for ser vices rendered in the W\'estern armies as a cavalryman. She says she enlisted in 1861, with her hushLan (John Cleyton) in the 13th Missouri Cavalry, anu fought for two years as a cavalryman in our armies. She fought under Grant, Sheridan, and Losenzranz. She was present at the battles of Shiloh or Pitts burg, Landing, and Stone River, and at the latter battle her hilisbaA was killel and sl e severely woundled. Her sex became known and she was discharged from the service. She has married, since, and is now endea rouring to get the pay due her when ais. bie charged out there is no law au:horisina her 1: payment, feLales not bein_ reco-?gietd by any ot as soldier-. irS. S l's ap;.ea5rance an. I- manners cannot be said to be very preospses 2a sing. She h:s evidently asen h-:d csrvice in to Cr I1. cr :-:where, and has cn:r-acted all :h `tu ru.le ir-._;~ at:itues =an manni.;- 1A man. _-.e wars a Sc.cth cap conked on one s: e of h- =i ea:. c Ers :Oba::0, smoke, and sr.o _r n:I Fke a very tra',er, 3as ihe clixas to be. -he S = L . .? by L er presea t h 'stbhti , F, hli Sare very -or, and have been compel:ed to -._p in rte s ain-hose every nuiht t:"y L:c_' L:ca in Was.:r._:on. Afl:_`ter .,tI".. .' '.-.,, w .o hi ars traces of having _C?ce ! -. !: -tar condition, once even good-lok~iS_- . rcsen:s a s. .i .-s"r ri.on of the e lects vi a ;r, oau .tep.:,ng out cf her na:ura. sphere to Senter u;?n a carcer en:irely forei;n to the h:C f ?er creation. A friend as- ks " oT ::o a valale su.jec: or he -: : : he rdvoa:cs of what is :.;iLed T,'- Pat.:r's VWIrE.-In a curious farrogo of -::_-ex a-ec.:es wri:ttn by W. Visoa, cf Glyate, -and now in my posses ion is the thie !cluIng :-" 177. Abosut this time Thos. Pain, who hoa made so mnach noise in :he wcrld as a Vr::er, tw:s s:a:io-'d at Lewes in t:e i xci-c, and sirvey'd :he upper part of :he To- n. I recollect his person very well. .sI ai± n saw him surveying the shop of IL ejtrs. lret:: & Whitfeld, shere we we-nt to fet:c: good. lie appears to tue ti have been ab:u: 5 it. S in. hiehs-a round hbt-bushy nig-and oval face- straigLt, made-bat legs and thig hs--marriesd .Mi.s Olve [Oilive] the cnly dau ghter of :Ir. Oi ve, the TSbac. coni:- at the Westgate. I remember my mother and Dame Brown had a curious con versation about the marriage, Dame Brown had liv'd with Mr. Olive as a servant, and had just been to pay her young mistress a visit about a week after her marriage with T. f'ayc.-?lecolect tMr. Olive, but not much leout the daughter. Old John Berry, the lit- C.!. Ilay's servant, told me he knew I'i -'.ery well -wihe he was at Dover--iad ;hard i:iea proaho there--thought he was a sta :;:.'.ter Ly trade.'" Thle "curious conver sstion" bLtween the two old gossips was doubtless in rcference to the non-performance of the conjagal vow, which is still a matter of 1Tradition at Lewes. The Ollives were a re sqectable yeomanry family of Chsiley, near this town. A house in the W\estgate, re msarkable for its early architecture, is pointed 1 rut as the infidel's residence, and one particu. lar room in it is still known as Tom Paine's "study." At the angle of this room exter nally is a crouching figure of Pan, probably t of the fifteenth century. The table upon which Tom Paine wrote part of his " Age of liea son" was long preserved as a treasure by a Lewes tradesman, a man of similar principles and sympathies, if it b.; not a mistake to as sign either principle or sympathy to such men. A JouasaresrTe CAAsT9co rP.--The A'. SB. Mail says :-An incident occurred in con- 1 nection with the printing of our paper of Monday which we imagine is unparalleled in I the annals of the press. A cat had ensconced herself ;n the large cylinder of the four-feeder I floe printing-machine, employed to throw off the first side of our impression. Before starting a machine of this sort there is con- a siderable noise and bustle in putting on the "formes" of type, &c.;, and during the first few revolutions it is driven very slowly. The cat, however, remained quite quiet during these prelhminaries, and escaped notice until the mnahine was running at full speed, and had thrown off some 800 copies of the paper. shle then apparently thought she had had enough of it, and attempted to spring out of the cylinder, but being giddy, after her 200 full speed revolutions, fell underneath it, and was crushed to a jelly by the revolving formes, her head making a large dint in one of the columns, and her flash, blood anda bones being so evenly distributed over the type that it was only after a great deal of washing that printing could be resumed. So completely triturated was the unfortunate animal that, as one of the hands.expressed it, nothing was left of her but the skin." We sincerely hope that if other cats think! of adopting this plan of escape from the cares of this world they will try some other news paper, for we have had enough of them. ONE OF STDNET SMirTH'S PRACTICAL JoaEs.-The Vicar of Edmonton was deadl; hIis son had been his cnrate, and the tamils.i were Ireparing to leave the house that was enlear-d to there bf holy memories and happy associations. It is a m,'lnocholy lfate to which the families of all clergymen are su?bjrctsel, while it is rarely, inrdeed, that out of a nirrow income, with rnumnerous respon .iibiliti', money has been saved to obtain another. ,Viile they were grieving:-ooe Ihsly arl friuitltrsly it seaemed--enters thin Canon of St. 'Paul's (lthe fiv. Sytlnsy;Smith). Present tie son and three deliestq daughters. The widow was ill-ill of sorrow gone and sorrow to come. Sir. S:nith begla by asking the character of a servant who sas leaving them, mnoking t'ihat appear as a mnotive for his visit. After a while he sail, " tt is my duty to tell you that I have given aRiy tle living of Elmnonton, and I am stir the new vicar will appoint his owvn curats." Tolaro was a mourntfl look, but the blow was exprected. " Odell enough,'' c,rtinuel M1r. Smith, "his narnt is the same as yours; have you any reotations of that narni? " There was a meuolancholy answver--" No !"-" By a still more singslar coincidence his Christian nawe is the samoe-Thomas Tate." A glean of rr hope paIwed into the groap. "In tact," said She, thcre is no u-e in mincing the matter ; mto are the Thomas Tate and Vicar of Ed monton." They burst into tecrs, cried from in excess of joy, and the burly Canon of St. I Paul's wept with them-happy tears, mingled n. with merry laugh'ter.-Mr. and MIrs. S. C. ot IIll, in the Art Journal. A No: cL IMoDE or SwINDLING.-The e Im-artial of Burres ,give the :following account of a trick successfully played o. on a so o,t- e;er in that ancient city, which is ' si-t down as ua r?, d la co;caeio n:-Two !a'tle presented themselves at a shop in the R'.e St. J:cqlues, whtrethe elder of them omade purchases of goods, and then taking out !:er purse, found that she had omitted to brink n ith her the needful funds; she re quested that one of the a'sistauts should be s;nt homne with her for the money, and a shop-wom'an accordingly accomnanied the new custoamer'. They went to a Carmelite convent, where the elder lady asked for one of the fathers by name, an I on lis coming to her, held some private convrr-ation with him. In a few minutes the father made a hsin to the girl to follow him. "' Go," said the lady, "fullloa the reverend father; he will pay you the amount." The girl com. f flied, and accao'panied the friar into a room, a ht're she way asked to sit down. " I anm rf eady," said the Carmelite, "to hear your confesli,"n." " I don't want to confess," said the girl, " I want the money." " What money ?" said the friar. " The price of the goods purcha .=d by the la-ly who broug!:t me here." "I know nothing of that," said the friar ; ' sh told me you wished to con feys, and, being deaf, desired to do so in a private place," Tie explanation was corn plete, the girl rushed out to find that the "ladies" had made good;theirleseape, taking with them their'ctheap purchases. WIrAND IcHraora.-- ithen Curran was ask ed by abrother lawyer, "Do you see anything ridiculous in this wig ?" and he replied, "Nothing but the head " that was wit. And when :cott describes the inmates of Cleikum Inn, in " St. lRonan's Well," who thought they had seen the ghost of a mur dered man, we get hunour, the root of which lies far deeper in human nature. (He says the two maidens took refuge in their bed room, whilst fthe humpbacked posti'ion fled like wind into the stable, and with protes sional instinct began in his terror to saddle a horse. This was his most natural refuge from the supernatural; a touch of humour at which we sm-ile gravely, if at all. When Hood describes a fool whose height of flly constitutes his own monu.nent, he calls him " A eclumn of fop . A lightho se titho it any ight a-top." This is wit. But when Chaucer describes the Fox as desirious of capturing the cock, I and trying to flatter him into singing by tel ling him how his re peeted father used to c sing, and put his heart so much into his song that he was obliged to shut his eyes, and by I this means gets poor chanticleer to imitate his father and sing and shut his eyes also, whereupon the fox pounces on him and bears him off--that is humour; a sort of shut eyed humour quite irresistible. Again we have wit when Jerrold defines dogmatis.n as "puppyism co:ne to maturity." But we get at humour when Panurge, in his mortal fear of shipwreck, cries, " Would to heaven that I were safe on dry land with (wye pre sume to make quite sure of his footing) somebody kicking me !"-Quarterly 1et'iew (netw number). 