VICTORIA. We have Melbourne papers to the 21st inst. The following is a digest of the news to date : It has been rumoured that His Excellency has been unwilling to dissolve Parliament until after the receipt of expected advices from home. We do not attach much credit to the rumour ; but we understand that no advices bearing on the question at issue were received by the last mail, and as there is a strong desire that the new Parliament should meet as soon as possible, the present one will be dissolved almost immediately, ( certainly before the date to which it now stands prorogued, viz. the 31st inst. On the arrival of the Duke of Edinburgh at Sandhurst on Wednesday, the Advertiser states : " The approach of His Royal Highness raised a commotion amongst the female occupants of the hill-side adjoining the children's reserve yesterday, and eager inquiries were made as to which was the Royal personage. An impression existed in the minds of many that his carriage was drawn by grey horses. The mayor's carriage was thus drawn, and it preceded that of the Duke's, and as he passed along in all the dignity of furred robes and cocked hat, an old and respectable Scotch dame thought she had discovered the veritable Duke, and eagerly pointing to the mayor, uttered quickly to her neighbor- c ' There he is, the dear boy, God bless him. Some one told her she was mistaken, and pointed out the real Duke, upon which, with surprise depicted on her face, and still keeping her eye on the cooked that, she loudly exclaimed, " Ma conscience !' " The reception on board H.M.S.S. Galatea yesterday of nearly 300 children of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum is one of the pleasantest incidents connected with the visit of the Royal frigate to these waters. The youngsters, in charge of Mr. E. Exon, the superintendent, and preceded by their own band of twelve performers, marched from Emerald hill to the Sandridge Railway pier yesterday afternoon, where they went on board the steamer Titan, very kindly placed at their disposal by Messrs. Spence Brothers and Co., and were taken off to the Galatea, over which they swarmed like bees, and were greatly delighted with the attention shown them on board. " Jack" seemed highly pleased with his young visitants, and with true sailor-like im- passiveness and generosity made them welcome at his moss and the substantial tea the children had on board was as gratifying as unexpected. The arrangements made by the owners of the Titan for the safe and comfortable conveyance of the children were perfect, and left nothing to be desired. On going to the frigate, as well as on board, and on their return, the juveniles gave some specimens of their vocal and instrumental acquirements. The Prince's country tour may now be supposed to be concluded. Yesterday morning, Friday 21st, he left Sandhurst, where his visit unlike that to other towns seemed to be the cause of disaster as well as rejoicing. That three children were so burnt at the illumination on Wednesday night as to die of their injuries next day was not enough, and so when the new Alfred hull was being lighted up for Thursday night's ball, it took fire, and was in a few minutes gutted. However, the people of Bendigo were not to be put off in that way, and as the supper room in the Town - hall remained intact, it was hastily decided to have supper at an early hour, and then remove the tables, and make room for dancers. This was done with much success, the Prince evidently relishing the sort of make- shift way in which the thing was done. His Royal Highness remained till a late Hour, but was up again at fifteen minutes past six a.m., and proceeded by special train to Ballarat, which he reached after four hours and eight minutes' actual travelling. He spent the day at the races, and returned to Melbourne per special train in a two hours' journey, by the Country Court, in Free v. O'Shammj, the plaintiff, a cultivator at Hawthorn, sued the defendant, one of the representative men of the colony, for damages laid at £7, for the destruction of plaintiffs forty-one ducks and fowls by two dogs belonging to defendant, on the early morning of the 8th November last. The evidence proved clearly the " slaughter of the in- accents," but not so plainly the identity of the canine butchers. There was, however, some evidence that the dogs (young animals), described as a Newfoundland and a retriever, belonging to defendant, were those concerned in the matter, although they lived nearly a quarter of a mile away, Counsel for defendant claimed a nonsuit, on the point that plaintiff s case did not prove seater that the defendant had any knowledge of the dogs' liability to assail poultry ; the dogs were not now to the neighbourhood, and they had never before been similarly charged. Counsel for plaintiff commented on the circumstance that defendant objected to meet the owner of the ducks and fowls upon the merits ; but after some argument on the law point, the judge granted a nonsuit. Between one and two o'clock on Saturday morning, the 14th inst, cries of " police" were heard near the shop of Adolph Ingwerson,tobacco inst, Bourke- street, and in a few minutes it became known that a fair bank kept there had been stormed by the detectives under Superintendent Nicolson, and that the parties concerned were in custody. On entering the back parlour, the place was found in the most " admired disorder in" the table was overturned-cards,dico, and money were strewn about on the floor and, in fact, the general appearance led one to believe that a rush had been made. As soon as it became known to the gamesters that the detectives were in possession of the promises, Iugworson, as pale as a ghost," frantically ejaculated in broken English and Gorman, " Polooso, prices ;" but neither the face bankers nor their customers could got away, because the detectives had been so placed that escape was impossible One unfortunate delinquent was caught concealed behind a curtain, but he was observed, and brought from his hiding-place The parties were conveyed to the watch-house, and on Saturday morning were presented to the City Bondi, somewhat "Body" in appearance from their night's incarceration. Adolph Ing. worse, Charles Brown, and Adolph Moore were convicted of being the keepers of a common gaming-house. Brown and Iugworson worn Unod £25 each, or in default three months in gaol and Moore was fined £10, or two months in gaol. William Myers, James Besford, FrancisVau'ryno, John Rourke, and Philip Jones were fined 20s., or the alternative of seven days and Joseph Jacobs, who had been previously convicted, was fined 40s., or fourteen days, for being found in a common gaming-house. It will be recollected that Mr. Verdon towards the close of the session stated in the House, with reference to the Mint, that Major Pasley, R.E., had received instructions from him to cause the machinery for the new Mint to be so constructed as to admit of coining silver and copper as well as gold. From Major Pasley's reply just received by the Government, it would seem that there is likely to be some difficulty in obtaining the necessary sanction for the coinage of British currency in those metals elsewhere than in England. Some time back the Government of New South Wales applied for a similar permission as regarded copper only, and were refused, it being stated that in England the silver and copper coinage (in consequence of the coins being in fact only " tokens, and worthless- siderably less than their nominal value had to be carried on under severe restrictions and close supervision on the part of Her Majesty's Treasury. Under these circumstances Major Pasley has abstained-from at once incurring the additional expense (some £3000) until he receives further instructions on the subject, explaining at the same time that the additional machinery can as easily be obtained at any future time. A sketch and explanatory memorandum, prepared by Colonel Ward, has also been forwarded, which Major Pasley anticipates will contain sufficient information to enable the Public Works Department to commence the preparation of drawings and specification of the Mint buildings. ' Intelligence has been received by the Government this mail of the dispatch of the Nelson from Spithead for Melbourne, on the 20th October, under the command of Lieutenant and Acting Commander Payne, R.N. Rev present arma- ment is as follows: live 12-ton rill vi Armstrong guns, for land service; was 7-inch rifled Palliser gun, for sea service ; sixteen 64 pounder rifled Palliser guns, for sea service. ; twenty 12cwt. 32-pounder smooth-bore buns, for training for sea service ; six 12-pounder bronze howitzers, for boat set vice- regal forty-eight guns. By desire of Her Majesty's Government, eighty first- class boys have been shipped on board the Nelson for distribution among Her Majesty's ships on the Australian station. They will be maintained during the voyage at the cost of the Admiralty. Also a small detachment of the Royal Marines (one sergeant and twenty-five rank and file for similar distribution. The Nelson is a screw lme-of-battleship,ofabout2800touBburthen naval measurement, and is said to be a remarkably fine vessel, and admirably adapted for the purposes of a training-ship. '' The Bendigo Advertiser states that shortly after three o'clock on Sunday afternoon, a decently dressed woman was observed wending her way towards the creek running through the Camp reserve. H King arrived near the southern end of the enclosure, she quickly divested herself of every atom of clothing, with the exception of a linen garment, and walked rapidly into the stream. Getting into deep water, she made an attempt to swim, but turned over helplessly upon her back. At this moment Constable Messes and a young man named Henry L Dunn, fortunately arrived upon the spot, and the latter casting off his clothes, plunged in to the rescue of the woman. The constable also, without waiting to undress, waded into the creek, and, after some resistance, the woman was dragged on to the ' embankment, where, surrounded by a crowd of spectators, she was at length induced to put on some of her clothing. She, however, refused to walk from the scene of her late mail escapade and threatened to again rush into the water, whereupon, with the assistance of the lock-up keeper, Doyle, and another constable, who had by this time arrived, she was lifted into a cab which had been brought into the reserve, and was conveyed to the lock-up. According to a local paper, there are good grounds for anticipating an abundant harvest this season, so far as the immediate neighborhood of M Maryborough is concerned, at least. A week or two ago many fears were entertained from ravages of the blight, and agriculturists, though somewhat conflicting in their accounts, viewed the forthcoming harvest with gloomy forebodings, but now that the reaper has commenced to work in the Sold, encouraging results have been obtained, which dissipate to a large extent the fears previously apprehended. Near the White Hill, some paddocks of wheat have given some splendid yields,, so far as it has yet been cut. On the Maryborough road, near Carisbrook, the crop of Mr. Duncan M'Farhimi looks exceedingly well, and mowing has begun in earnest. Besides oats, there are about twenty acres of wheat, which it is computed will give a result of thirty-five bushels to the acre. At Moolort, also, things are looking most promising. The new land throws very good results. Oats have not thriven so well as expected. At Carisbrook, a paddock of about five acres of wheat, skirting the crook, promises to give a yield of abontsixty bushels to the acre. The Ovens Advertiser remarks The wholesale destruction of wattle trees now going on throughout the colony is beginning to attract attention, and it is urged that if total extinction of this most useful tree is to be a verted, legislative enactments should be passed for its protection. In addition to the value of its bark for tanning purposes, the wattle tree is known to be useful in many branches of trade, and it seems unjust that, for the bark alone, one industry should be allowed to cause such destruction. For ornamental purposes, too, there are none of the Victorian native trees to be compared with the wattle, and there could not possibly be a more beautiful sight than the banks of the numorous rivers and streams in this district when these trees are laden with blossom. A change is fast taking place, however, and unless something is done to stop the wholesale, barking of the trees, wattle blossom will soon be a thing unknown in this portion of the colony. A general holiday was kept here to-day to celebrate the visit of the Prince to Victoria, A great many of the business and private houses were decorated with flags. M'Culloch and Co. hoisted the stars and stripes above the Royal ensign, but the stars and stripes were instantly hauled down by numbers of the townspeople, and torn in pieces, A grand festival was held in the park, and medals were presented to about 300 children. There are to be fireworks and bonfires at night. Over 1,000 people assembled to show their loyalty. The festivities concluded with three hearty cheers for the Queen and Royal family. 