THE ENGLISH MAGAZINES, «fco., FOR JULY. The^gnoHntflresTwhiCn' 'wa 'beV(ô«'St_(h!>'dàtè'oi: tbe'JàtomVof Lúdri(\\\f¿,''ro{- tho i crystal''?spheres Eudoxus wll1, according "tcya writsr,in tba.,laa^.Kotfta BBiTisri'R^ .'.'Origil of Species*', at na vory remoto, period, t i'i'ho critic, it speaking of the Doctor's celobruted-theory;1 Bays; "' thai it ia an ingenious and pláusiblo speculation''1^ to 'rfbiet futuro.physiologiste), wiilj íqpk' back. wjtb |mereíy..ar. admission of its faiot-hnlf-trutbs,- marking'at. OBC< tho ignóranos of tho age, and the ability 'of tlie; philoso- pher!'" A. paper on the f Charactoristics/óf A'rnoricir literature," gives out a tolling .estimate of tho chiei .Vfritprain tho',United States. ThoiiWorks of Long fellow,.-Lowell;-und- othors' rcceive' a fair amount p appreciative criticism. An articlo bping a compilatior fr6m: tho'"Jest-hooks'and Faeo'tiro'" bf' Anciont' ant Modern Times '' -forms one,of . tho bost' Hams : in thu number pf .the periodical undor reference. .-Tho remain' îng contributions are á átilted theological essay dealing with " Modern Views of the Atonement;" a disso'rla i-ioa upon " Archbishop Sharp ;" an interesting.- notice of a'' Dutch Political Novel," founded on'tho nllcgec ill-treatment of ' the nativos' 'bf 'Java' by. European settlers; a set pf comments having, reference to thc ?works of M. Prévost Paradol ¡ and. a capital pa ppr en- titled " Tho'Report on Scotch Education." Tho wrilot ofik'e'laei-hamed' article .'treats his subject in a spiri' of impartiality not at all too ,common to ;-Saotchmon We are informed, for instónos, that education " to thc north of. .the Tweed " is in the most unsatisfactory cou dition : aa admission somewhat novel coming as it doe: from a native of the "Land of Cakes.". " How ia1 il possible.','ho says; < to supp'y education to the poof le of Scotland? Th'e:'old parochial system Ksi''failed Voluntary effort bas "failed : aided though ithas been hy religious anil ecclesiastical seal. And lastly tho Privy Council .system, though .it linn dono,much ta improvoand extend, education' in cortaiu districts, has nevertheless failed to supply ' schools Whèro tUdyTirè Most "needed. ' If, .thó^oforo, a thoroughly effioibnt system pf schools is to pervade tbe .'country, it must bo founded upon principles other than thoso which líate hitherto been tried," . :| " Thct death, of Sir . Archibald i Alison" ? is thc most aoticeablo contribution to BLACICWOOO. Tho writer concludes with the following interesting reference' to tho historian's funeral :- . ,. . c.'.'. /:'!:. «. From ros6il Gato (his residencio two miles from the town) to the railway station, tho whole way was linrd with ai dense mans of peoplo, ostimnto'd at from 100,000 to 150,000. Of these, who numbered half ,tbo working population of tho city,' at'.'least' three fourths, were nrtiBa'ne,rmill-girlt?,'ahd iron-foundry worker"', swarthy with toil. : Theso woro tho attendants who, at tho sa- crifico of some of their means of livelihood, a'srembled to pay a last respect to tho most unbonding, conserva- tive in Groat Britain. Such obsequies wero: bb' arable both to .the dead and tho. living. They wero a tri bli to to qualities, tho recognition of which' ls a put-lie virtue; a .tribute tho moro welcome as rondcred nt a timo when courago and consistency seem almost out of date, and when there aro many signs that, in ibo public viow'of the future,-wo aro likely to feel more and more the wont of the manly and generous spirit which, to tho jast animated Alison." [" Tho Brownlowe" is a tula that grows in power from number to number, though thero aro eeveral evidences that tho author is a new band at fiction writing " Praxiteles and Phryne" is, as tho title indicates, a paper founded upon the amours of tho eoulptor with a celebrated Athenian courtezan. Tho review of " Tho American Debt and tho Financial Prospects of tho Union"' is intelligently conceived and ably written ; although many readers will bs inclined to disputo tho conclusions arrived at in it ' .' Cornelius O'Ddwd" discourses ia bis amil way on a favourite topic, this item being followed by the account of an " Easter Trip of Two Ocblophobists." Tho remaining contents do not call for nny -special notice:; tho essay, for instando; on tho " Progress of the Reform Bill," being a tiresome lirado on a threadbare subject. Tho ConNnrr.li MAGAZINE contains a further instal- ment of tho "Sramleighs of'Bishop's'Folly? wbioh promises to bo a very remarkable story. Matthew Arnold's contribution, " Culture and its Enemies," ie in. the old dogmatio vein peculiar to the1 author, but thero aro Bomô cutting truths boro, ovolvcd in an ad- mirable way. fha obapters of " Stono Edge" . which appear in this number aro exquisitely writton-the last breaking off at a-paseogo of absorbing interest. Tho lato attempts made,by tho Hon, Robert Towns of( this city, to Introduce Kanakas Into «Queensland may, possi- bly., interestspmo Australian readers after taking up the tho'onrrent Coa-NiuLL. . Tho paper on." Coolia Labour and Coolie Emigration" is a comprobonsive roview- of the Buhjeot treated; ' Tho following is worth reading : '" Bonded' coolies are demanded by and -deported to the following'places, which aro arranged in the order of their importance and urgency of demand :-To Peru1, to Coba, to tho' British West Indies, (principally Demorara, and Trinidad), to Dutch Guiana, to Tahiti, to India, nnd to Java. Tho coolio trade to Peru and to .Cuba is éntirely in- the hands of privato contractors ; Peruvians, Spaniards, 'Portuguese, and Frenoh. ii Ia carried -on entirely from Macao, with tho exception of ono'establishment at Canton, that of a Frenchman, who Bhips to Havana. There aro nt Mocan BU or eight depots from wblcb about 80 OOO to40.OOO coolies are .hipped every year to Peru and Cuba. Tho coolies are iurnished to the depots by recruiting agents, Chinese .or s?brtugnoso, many'of them man of v'ery'diereputable .character, and not a few more than suspected oi ?being connected with piraoy." ?:; Î j An article headed "Tho Love of the Alps" will con* tmand considorablo attention from readers intorestod in orography,' The .disgust 'and dread with which the .Greek and Roman poets regarded mountain scenery is very forcibly illustrated. "Nothing," .remarks the .writer,' -"-could havo boon moro depressing ; to .a .surlier'1 of Augustus than residence at; Aosta, oven though bo, found, his theatres ¿nd triumphal arches iaate. , Wherever classical feeling has predominated, this has been tho case. Cellini's Memoire, written in the height of "Pagan Renaissance, well expresses the aversion which a Florentine or Roman felt for the inhospitable wilderness of Switzerland. Dryden, in his dedication to the Indian Emperor, says : 1 High objects,' it is true, attract the sight; but it looks up with pain on craggy rocks and barren mountains, and continues not intent on any object which ie wanting in shades and green to entertain it.'" Addison and Gray had no better epithets than ' rugged,' ' horrid,' and tho like for Alpine landscape.- rho classic spirit was averse to enthusiasm for more nature. Humanity was too prominent, and city life absorbed all interests -not to speak of what perhaps is tho weightiest reason -that solitude, indifferent accommodation, and imper fect means of travelling, rendered. mountainous coun tries peculiarly disagreeable. . It impossible to enjoy art or nature while suffering from fatigue and cold, dreading the attacks of robbers, and wondering whether you will find food and shelter' at .tho end of your day's journey." The essayist continues by describing tho conditions of mountain life and mountain tra- velling during tho Middle Ages, which, he says, were trammelled by the difficulties complained of by tho Greeks and Romans, but at-a later date when " restraints of all kinds, physical, mental, and spiritual" were removed, the transcendental beauties of nature were suddenly discovered. Tho conclusion of the paper under notice will give some notion of its general suggestive character; "It may seem absurd to class them together, yet there is no doubt that the French Revolution, the criticism of tho Bible, Pantheistic forms of worship, landscape-painting, Alpine travelling, and the poetry of Nature, are all signs of tho same movement—of a Renaissance. Limitations of every sort have been shaken off during tho last century, all forms have been destroyed, all questions asked. The classical spirit loved to arrange, model, preserve traditions, obey laws. We are intolerant of everything that is not simple,un biassed by prescription, liberal as the wind, and natural as the mountain crags." ....MACUILLÍN is.q'uifo'up1 io 'thé,m¡$$fá\\\tM!};Tb* discourse diroclod against 'I Long Hotidaje ¡Viia. con- tinued; i and the. number contains1 flomo1,pertinent ! paragraphe" on " Priesthood'and'^itsIF^ 1 Rsv; Jj LI. Davis. At^artiolo'.o'n tho ",Nati9t)ál'Ri'l9 j Association','' give« an ;',account - of ;'tB- origin, 'its progress, and its' present' 'condition, ' to- gether 'witha' ? ? > laughable " description''"['ot t' tho ; annual Wimbledon rneo.tiag.,.,/i^|iarrfsf pf. the content» worth, mqntlo.n,, aro somo sparkling cbaptets of Mr. Homy Kingsley's "Silcoto of Silcotes," and a vigorous wpid-pictdrc of 'tba'"'Hattie of Kiesinijou" from tho pen of one who, was présent ât ^he engagements' . . , Readers o (the FonTNioriTLT will, no doubt,'open tbe Joly number at Mr. Swinburne's criticism'of' Mora .'Lifo and Death of Jason. " ,. An , admirable, poem, ia reviewed hero in a spirit: of kteu:appreoiotion." The author of " Atalanta'in Oalydon" is almost ns'remark , ablo iri'' the domains' df "prosa" a's .hé isi on' tho'liigher grounds" of verse. ..The'.Düke.of | ! Argyll's' boqk entitled tba " Reign of Law,'' forms', tba', text for |an¡- ¡eloquent'"'f aper ' in -'defence'' .of "'\ Positivo Philosophy/' by'Mf. GVH.'LjOwce. ^"^rofefsor Beesley ! contributes an essay on , '.'. IThe; Trades' Union, .CommUT sion,'' which ho,says, was written .before i the.¡dat« rof ¡ tho Bhéffleld disclosures;'but '\yhlch willj receive no qualification at hts hands,, in J cbnsjifluence'' of'j the Viii coteries referred to. The wno. of .his, article'.may ,.be guessed' from'Hho foregoirig-'remrirks.'- ;The!,'-Wb.ito Roso" is continued,' bùt'thèrb';Wè Vyidoncès^that tho conclusion is not very ,far -off. ^Emigration" from ; Ireland,';*, *;.Edmund Burke,1'.," Roman; Anglican,] and [ Protestant Snored Music," and .' ¡"¡Pabilo/ Affair»;" I,aro tho :'most attractive of 'tho'' other items 'in' tho number. ; . î ... ?/ ?'.'.'t-.-¡ : .' j¡ Tho current CONTEIIPORART REVIEW is somówKat I flat. Tho dissertation upon "Minuto English Ety Imologjr'f may attract the 'attention of grammarians. A iquaint'acoaunt' of " Pt, Jerome", throws some light on . Romo, audits social condition during tho last' days!of Paganism. Thoro aro also in ibis" .issue a readable paper, having rofereuco to" Anouymous Journalism ;'.' a chapter on tho "Qospola'and - Modern Criticism -," and a descriptivo sketch headed "Tholroubles pf a Meditoval i Monastery."., ,-. ... ¡ ... ,.,¡, . . ; ,', -, . I FBASEE is capital.! The obibf feature ia.a.pöworful review ,of the,, charaoter of "Julius .Crossr," Ac- cording ta tho .. writer, " Ccosur is not-rèsponsible for1 tho' ambition bf Romo ta' áohiovo universal dominions: it wab' virtually accomplished,before ho was horn. .He foresaw . that the gonuine Roman, race would bo overwhelmed, by the1 pressure of its alien eübjéots ; but ho conceived tho'magnificent idea, far beyjbod the comprehension of. his itimo,."of rèduoing, tko whole of this mighty mats, in ¡td utmost confusion, to that obedience to tho rulé of a singlo 'chieftain whioh it scorned to 'render to' an exhausted nation." The article headed " Iiish Difficulties" contatos serbo sound reasoning associated with twoorthroa.Haíuí corrections cf history. " A chapter on Clerical Song writers of the North,'' and a continuation of tho " Village Sketches in Oudh"aro quito up to tho usual standard of thia excö lient magazine. . . . . .. Antiquarians will turn to tho DÜBLIM TJNIVEBSITV for *he papers entitlod,'respectively, '.' Our Anciont,Dealings with the Danes," and " Gipsy Language." Tho last, named contribution opens a fair 'field for philological inquiry. An ca^ay on " Art and its Ministers" ; a BO' of anecdotes from the ".Hon..G. F. Borkoloy's Life and Recollectiont ;" and a complimentary article on Lord Dtiffcrin aro tho mast noioworthy of. the other cbntonts. . Mr. G'oorge Macdonald'fl^exquisitó story, of. " Guild Court," and tho essay by the Rov. B. W. Dale, M.A., make GOOD WORDS for July-a rbadable'numbef. Mr, Gilbert's description of tho " Jews. in' Paris"' throws'n light upon 'Bomb novel and curious .faots.,,,,.A poem ¡beaded " Faithful,'1 ia (uni¡ko most magazine vorscB.) 'simple and-musical.'' " " ' ' ' '" ' ''' ?'.',""'.'''"", " t:i ' .Tbe. rest ; of [ thc, "Current periodicals ...may 'be dealt with briefly this month. Thero is nothing new in LONDON SOCIETY. Tho artioie'on'"01d Newspapers." and a discourse' about''Literary Frivolities" "aro tho taking items of ST. JAMES'S MAOAZINÍ., I BBIOBWIA' is as light and as vicious, as' usual. ? Tho olever talo entitled," Hover, Court "; a portrait¡'and memoir o^ Clarkeon Stinfiold, tho sea paintor ; and a quaint account and explanation of a popular trick practised by 'jugglers, form'the chief attraction of 'ONCE ; A1 WEBB:. A humorous paper headed " For Ladles on y",'appears 'n TBUPÍB BAB. In ALI, TBS TIAR ROOND lhere is a dissertation, upon Ghosts ,by a writer who tells: the : well-known . storios 'of1 Lord Lyttleton' (with1 certain additions published hero for ",tho first ; time) arid of Lord Tyrone, and 'Lady Beresford, : Speaking* of the latter, M'. Charles Dickons, in a foot- note to tho articlo, endeavours to' explain'tho sUpposod supernaturalism of the occurrence ; and,, in illustration bf his argument, ho gives tbo following curious cir-, cumslnnco ' related lo his own experience.:-" We dreamed that ' we were in a large assembly, and saw a lady in a bright rod wrapper,' whom/wp fought wp know. ' Ber,.; back . being, towards us we touched her. On. her looking round, ebb' disclosed a facb that wai unknown to us, and, ¿a' our ap'olosising,, 1 said, pleasantly: 'lam MÍBS N^-^-,' mentioning a name, hot tho name of any frioud or acqunintnnob we bad, although a well-known name.,. The dream was un- usually vivid, and we awoke. Os the next ovoningwo reoogniseu (with a strange feeling), coming in nt tho open' door of our room, the lady of tho dream, in tho ?bright red'wrapper.' ' Moro extraordinary still, tho lady was, presented by'.tbo friend'whb.ancom'panied lieras Mies N--, the ñamo, in the dream. . No oiroum alance, near or romoto, that wo could-over-trace in tho least accounted tor- thia.11' Tho' lady1 cbm'o^bn à rea' common-placo' visit, in pnrsuanco of ' an' appointment quito uooxpootedly mad» with tho,lady who introduced her only on tho night of tho dream.-From tho lattery weiliad noprovions knowledge of hernamo nor of .her eilston'co." '.' ,'¡..'' LICTOILEON mi MoKii,, IHFIÜBKCB pb THB GOIPEL. -A lecture on this auhjcot waa delivered, last evening, , bo foro the J'r-ceby terian rJabbáth Süboql Tcaoborë'-Aeso ciation, ip thejclioolroom bf tbo Scots Church,'Oktirch bill, by thb Rev. John DougnIK Tho ohair was taken. ,by John Uiohardson, Msq., Notwitlistbnding, tho in» domeney of tho i>oathcr,. on .audience, few in number, but attentive,',, waa gathered, tb licar tho lcd ure Tho Rov. lecturer described tho influence, ofOhristianity In elevating.tho lot arid tbe oharabter.pt, woman-in pr» -ructing the purity bad .happiness of tbe family-in imparting n highor toco to, various, sooial relations pf human' lifo -and in advancing national prosperityw lie pointed out particularly tho tiffcot of the , Gosnil in socuriau; the m'aiiitonanco of i oiwil, and eepcoioily rt ligioue liberty, and Ibo establishment bf Just and equal laws. Ho contrasted tho mo. ul it)--of Christian countries with thut corruption which prevailed under Paganism } and dwelt on tho benefi's'.derived by eoetaly from the Christian H-thliatb and ¡te institution», in- cluding tho menial BtlmfluB of tho pulpit and tho Sob bath Behool. Tho lecturo waa remurkablo tor ibo com prebensiveness of its views, suggesting the vast ramifications, amid tho endless phases of human life, of those inUuoncea wbiulr »ero traced to tho Go«pel. Tho audience, at the cloee, cordially expressed lúí.'r (hanks to Ibo revorend lecturer, 