THS HAUNTED HOUSE. BT AKT KANDOLPH. ' Oh, aunty, you never would Ltb in the Glen Cottage!' ' Why shouldn't I live then, if Fm able to pay the rent!' demanded Miss i*eckham, settling her spectacles aus Urely. ' They say it1! haunted, aunty,' uid tCary Green, lowering her voice ; 'they aay there's a ghost rustles through the rooms sjl night long, aad rattles chaina, and nobody dares to go past the doo* after dark f 'Yea,' chimes in the Widow Parkes, 'and there's lights a-gUmnwrin' there that aint o' this world— Una lighto aad drefiul atranee aounds ?' 'I'm not afraid o* Uve people,' aaid Ifias Pecknani. dryly, ' and I dont pee why I should run away from dead ones 1 Let 'em rustle and rattle— well see who'll be tired first !' ' Aunty I' remonstrates Mary, with her apple-cheeks growing pale. 'Hanner Peckham!' croaked the Widow Parkes, 'you're a-temptin o' Providence . ' ? 'Oh, fiddle!' said Miss Peckham. ' Providence haint nofhin' to do with ghosts, Jknow.' ' But why don't yon stay contented and peaceable where you be ? ' ' Because there's water in the cellar, and a leaky ruff, and the landlord won't make no repairs, and the rent's higher'n a lone body like me feels able to pay. Now, I can get the Glen Cottage for fifty dollars a year ! ' ' Tea, 'cause nobody else don't want to live along o* hobgoblins and specters ! ' ' Well, I don't, nor I don't mean to ! ' ' But, aunty,' interposed Mary breath lessly, 'John Torreywas going to -take it, but when he heard our Jonas tell what horrid sights and sounds he himself had heard and witnessed, he declared he would live in a barn sooner. Jonas says he won't stay to work for us, if we go there!' 'Well, let himstopawaythen,MBaidAunt Hannah, composedly taking snufiu 'The Glen Cottage I want, and the Glen Cot tage 111 have, if there were forty ghosts there!' Widow Parkes looked Vound the twi light room as if she expected to see a tall figure, all in white, glide forward and ^nnihilofe. Mjas Peckham at once, and Mary grew pale at her aunt's unexampled audacity. ' I dont like this neighborhood, no way !' went on Miss Peckham. 'I don't want to accuse no one, but my things do disappear in the most unaccount able way ! Five silver spoons and a ten dollar bill !' ' But, aunty, Jonas says the travelling pedler who soli thejjortraits of General George Washington, took them !' ' Maybe he did— maybe he didn't ; but be never took my keg o' molasses, nor yet the three big cheeses on the top milk room shelf, nor the cinnamon silk gound (hat never had had a pairo' scissors to it ! I never heard o' ghosts $tealing, anyhow !' But the Widow Parkes shook her cap ped head with melancholy persistence. ' Well, Hanner, all I ask is— Jist re member I did my best to talk ye over !' ' I'll remember it,' said the spinster, drily. But Mary Green clung sobbing, to her aunt's mouse-colored merino skirts, after Mrs. Parkes had gone groaning home, and pleaded piteously for a reconsidera tion of Miss Feckham's decisions. ' Dear aunty, I never can live in a haunted house ! I should die of fright !' ' My dear,' said Aunt Hannah, draw Ing up her tall, muscular to its full height, ' in a hand-to-hand tussle beetwen me and a ghost, who d'ye 'spose would get the best of it? Don't be a fool, Mary Green — I did suppose you had better sense. To-morrow mornin', the tint thing, well go to talon' up the tacks in the red ingrain carpet. The Glen Cot tage is in a dreadful ahackly state, but I'll move in afore I have a carpenter or a mason, an' then I'll be on the spot to see that things are done as they'd ought to be ! There— there, Mary Green, stop cryin*, and well sort out the gilt-edged cheeney afore Jonas comes into his supper.' But Jonas Smith came shambling in, even while Miss Peckham pronounced bis name. ' What's this Widow Parkes is aayin' about your takin' the Glen Cottage, Miss Hanner ? Tou aint goin* to live in that infested place ?' 'I cal'late I be,' said Miss Hannah oomposedly. ' There's a handle knocked off one of my tea-cups, Mary ; I wonder if cement won't mend it.' 'But I tell ye, Miss Hanner, you'll not stay there two days.' 'Whu won't I stav there. I'd like to know?' demanded the irate spinster, wheeling suddenly around with a pile of saucers in her hand, and confronting Jonas Smith. ' Because the house is full o* creatures from another world — ghosts, Miss Hanner !' ' Oh, aunty !' trembled Mary, getting closer to Jonas, away from that ugly shadow in the angle of the chimney. ' Stuff and nonsense !' was all Miss Peekham's comment. ' I tell you I've seen 'em myself,' said Jonas, speaking in a husky, sepulchral tone, ' white figures, with their faces tied up in grave-clothes, and clankdn' chains draggin' arter 'em — and old Bonnie shied so Icouldn't hardly get him past the door.' ' Well, I shan't shy,' said Aunt Han nah. ' I wouldn't live in that ar' house for a thousand dollars a year ! ' aaid Jonas. ' Nobody wants you to, as I know of,' retorted the spinster. ' Oh, very well — if you don't want my services no longer ? ' ' Hold on — seems to me you're getting on pretty fast,' said Miss Peckham ' You're a master hand to work, Jonas Smith, and I haint no fault to find with you, but if you dont choose to go with us to Glen Cottage, there's aa good fish in the sea as ever jumped out of it. That's all I've got to say. ' I'U help ye move,' said Jonas, some what mollified ; ' but as for livin' in that goblin-besot place, I for one won't do it.' 'Just as you please,' said Miss Peck Bin. ' And when shall you want to move ? Next month?' ' 111 move a-Thursday,' said Miss Peckham. ' Thursday', gasped Jonas, ' and this is Monday, and I've got to go to Belle ville to- morrow.' ' Well go 'long — what hinders ye t' Jonas looked discomfited, and devoted himself to his dinner, but he asked, no more questions of the resolute spinster. 'Mary Green,' said Aunt Hannah, the next afternoon about two o'clock, 'get your bonnet.' ' What for, aunty T ' I'm goin' up to Glen Cottage to take a look at matters and things.' Mary trembled inwardly, bat she knew her aunt's determination of character too well to demur, and 'got her bonnet' accordingly. ' Aunty, what are you going to do with that basket of gingerbread and apples.'' ' Sat 'em when I get there— it's con siderable of a walk up the hill.' Eat gingerbread and apples in a haunted house ? Mary's flesh crept at the idea — but she said nothing. Glen Cottage waa somewhat a mis nomer, for the glen lay down in the ravine, and the cottage crested the hill beyond — a dilapidated structure with loose boards flapping in the wind, and dreary, wooden shutters, with crescents cut in their top. ' Oh, aunty, how dismal it looks !' said Mary, aa they paused in the solitary road opposite the weed- grown door-step. 'A few pounds o* paint and a few days' work will set all that sfought,' amid Aunt Hannah, reselutely thrusting the rusty key into tne still rustier lock. From empty-sounding room to empty Boonrting room Aunt Peckham atrode, audibly commenting on their adaptation to her household purpoaea,Mary following dose up behind like a frightened hare, until they reached the genet, where the windows at either end were panelw and a sepulchral rustling sound greeted them. 'Oh, aunty, what is thatr shrieked i Mary, grasping her saint's ahawL i 'Aothi?^ airth, but a lot of that ; waD paper that was torn off the east bed room, and ? ' ; Aunt Hannah paased apdcontamplsfad the scene with both hands on herhipa. 'Now I tell you what, Mary Green,' she said, in measured acoanta, 'no ghost never hung that paper from a string in the middle of the garret, so 'twould catch every breath o' wind and keep up racket enough to account for 40 hobgoblins ! Nor no ghost never -t*ia~1 aa old sheet on the nail by the window, so as to make it nutter back and forth, jest for all the ' wide world like a white figure dodgin' ! Ghosts! JVd-dle-atick!'' I 'Aunty! aunty!' supplicated Mary, ' what is that dreadful sound ! - : 'It's ram on the Aing-«« overhead, child.' \ 'But it sounded just like running foot Mary nestled close up to her aunt, as a peal of thunder sounded overhead. ' Bless tne child ! one would think she never had been out in a thunderstorm before!' said Miss Peckham reproach fully. ' But I do wish I knowBd where the key to the lower cellar door was !' ' Mary and her aunt left the dismal garret and descended to a more habitable apartment, where Miss Hannah spread her blanket ahawl on the floor, and seated herself, in Turkish fashion, to regale herself and her niece on apples. 'Ill keep the gingerbread,' aaid Miss Peckham, shrewdly ; ' for judgin' by Ota set o' the wind, and the look o* the clouds, well have to stay here all night.' Mary uttered a scream. 'Stay here all night, aunty!' 'Of course— why not! We never sould walk all that way home in the rain; and with lots o' gingerbread for our supper, and a good blanket shawl to sleep on, and a lantern in the basket, well be as snug as crickets !' MaryGreenshuddered;— to her nervous soul the prospect appeared far from delectable. But Aunt Hannah rather en joyed it ! 'Aunty, what will Jonas do for bis supper?' 'Don't oonsarn yourself,'' said Annt Peekam, drily, ' Jonas told me he couldn't no-ways git hack from Belleville afore to-morrow mornin'.' And thus drifted away poor Mary's last strawof hope ! And the autumnal evening closed chill and windy, and with driving gusts of rain around the Haunted House ! Mary sat dose to the flickering gleam of the lantern, while her aunt planned and cogitated and decided which fur niture she would have in which room, and where the 'cheat o' draws' would look best, and which comer the highpost bedstead with the brass ornaments should go. And finally she dropped off to sleep with her head on the 'blanket shawl,' and Aunt Hannah thriftly blew out the lantern and lay down beside her, rather smoothed to slumber than otherwise by the hooting of the owls in the woods below, and the rash of the rain against the shutters ! She must have slept three or four hours, when she was aroused by a sin gular sound — a sound as of danking chains — below stairs. . Miss Peckham was brave, but for an instant her blood curdled. The next moment she rose silently up, struck a match, and lighted the tallow ««u-l« inside the lantern. ' If it's a ghost, 111 go down and settle its business at once,' soliloquized Aunt Hannah ; ' and if it's not, 111 find out what it is ! ' So Aunt W«.Ti.T» get, forth undaunted, down the creaking stairs, through the echoing rooms. ' Front door wide open, eh? ' thought she. 'I never lett it so. Horse and waggon in front— ghosts don't generally travel arter that fashion, as ever I heard on ! Halloo — where does that light come from? Down cellar, s tone's I live! Now I begin to know why I couldn't find the cellar key!' Aunt WmiiuJi set down her lantern on the kitchen floor out of the draught, and crept noiselessly down the cellar stairs. Annt TTunnnti Peckhsm would have ™«il* a splendid soldier if she b«^ been a man. The damp air from the long-closed sub terranean room struck like a chill to her lungs ; but what cared our spinster for that. One moment she stood quietly ob Only a brilliant glass lantern set on the top of her identical ' kago'molasses,' the 'cinnamon silk' lying in an open paper beside it, and the five spoons peeping in argentine brightness from among the folds, and various boxes, bundles and packages piled compactly around. And in the midst of «h— w stooping to tie something up, with his back towards her was a man ! Aunt Hannah opened her eyes very wide and shut them again ; the super stitious mystery waa dear enough to her now. The next instant ahe had cleverly top pled her midnight visitor over, and knelt with one knee firmly upon his breast. Hannah Peckham was a full match toe most men, under the moat favorable circumstances, but in an ambuscade like that she had a terribly marked advantage ! 'lie still Jonas Smith,' said Annt Hannah. ' if you dont want me to tap you over the head with that Iimiiit^w i' Jonas Smith lay still— he knew that Annt Peckham generally meant what ahe said! ' Now hold your hands together,' said Miss ffyni.li, aad Jonas obeyed. ' It's well you provided me with lots o* good strong rope! Now your feet— that's right!' There was a rusty iron chain with two padlocks lying on the cellar floor. Miss Peckham surveyed it meditatively an instant— then quietly fastened one end round. Jonas's waist, and attached the other to an iron staple in the walL 'Now then, we'll look around us a little^ Jonas,' said the spinster, rubbing the rust from her hands. 'Hey! here's the box o' «m«H«— Desire Jenkins lost so mysteriously— end Elder Smoot's grist o' track wheat — and the keg o' nails Hiram Pell got for the meetin' house roof, and a piece o' cotton cloth out o* Winter Jones's store ! And hare's my molasses and my silk gound, and tiie spoons my Aunt Huldy left me— a-ah ! Well, well Jonas Smith, of all the ghosts lever heerd on, this ghost is the moat forehanded and provident, but I guess he's scared his last scare! The next glace you'll haunt, Jonas Smith, will be Belleville jaiL In rain were Jonas's |entreaties and promises and asseverations. Miss Han nah locked him in the cellar, pocketed the key, and drove off through the doudy midnight— it had ceased to rain, for tunately—with trembling Mary Green at her aide, 'arter the constables!'' 'And I do think that shower o' rain was the greatest bksshV that's happened to me this year,' said ICsa PedSuunT; 'because if we hadn't providentially been kept there all night, Jonas Smith would ha' carted my own things off, with my own horse Peggy, and I never would ha' been a bit the wiser for it? Now, Mary Green, what do you think about ghosts?' Jonas Smith was duly apprehended and sentenced— his pilfering career over at last— and the Glen Cottage was never haunted more! Even Widow Parkes conceded, though unwillingly, that Miss Hannah Peekham's method of exoraaing ghosts was quite successful.— New Yotk hedger. ........ .. „ . ' What is that dog barking atFaskcd a fop, whose boot* were more ponshed than bis idaas. 'Why,' replied a bystander, 'because he sees aiother puppy iu your boots.'' 