CONFIRMATION AT ST. DAVID'S. On Thursday evening (Thursday in Whitsuntide), as previously announced in our Thursday's issue, the rite of Confirmation WES administered by the Lord Bishop of Tasmania at St David's Cathedral. The candidates were 76, consisting of37 male?, mostly youths, bnt including 7 roldiers of the 2-14tb Regiment, -who had been prepared for Confirmation by the Rev H. B. Jirmnby—and 39 females. Of this large number of candidates, 74 {bein» equ3l as regards sexes—37 males and 37 females) belonged to the congregation of St David's. Two females were from New- Norfolk, and their pastor, the Rev TV. W. Murray, assisted at the Confirmation. The preparation of such a number of candidates had necessarily entailed a very considerable amount of anxiety, both on the incumbent —the Rev P. H. Cox—and the Rev H. B. Bromby, who, together, for the last five or six weeks have been most assiduous. Tn no previous instance have we seen such a number of youths of the male sex approach the Altar to receive the holy rite. Long before the time appointed, the church was crowded in every part The congregation consisting mostly ot ladies and children. At seven o'clock, the Bishop and the assisting clergymen entered the church by, the principal entrance, in procession. The Rev F. H. Cox, the incumbent of St David's, leading, then the Revs Gellibrand, Buckland, Smaleg, Murray (of New Norfolk), and H. B. Bromby, who bore the Pastoral Ciook, as Bishop's chaplain; Bishop Bromby following. There was a very full choir, and Mr K A. Packer presided at the organ. Papers giving an j outline of the service, and requesting the ; congregation to join in the hymns anH j responses, and earnestly requesting those , who might have been attracted by the novelty of the service, not to regard it as a mere spectacle, but to join de- ! vontly in earnest prayer, had been placed j in the various peivs. The service was' opened by the choir and congrrgation sing- j ing the 100th psalm ; metrical version, j « With one consent let all the Earth." The Litany was intoned by the Rev Mr ! Cox, the congregation very generally; joining in the responses. Mr Cox- was evidently much affect-d at one portion of the . Litany i_ The tl. 125th iojr*i. hymn, t. "Soldiers — ; ot Christ arise," was sung before commencing the Confirmation; and previous to the laying on ol hands the Bishop addressed the candidates on the importance to themselves of the service they were now joining in; reminding them ihey hid now come personally and voluntarily to ratify and take upon themselves the vowsand promises entered into ,t at t>ip Baptismal Ranrimial Font PW by their parents and sponsors, and to receive the blessing ofGod's Spirit by the imposition of hands. He likened the cross on thechild'sforehead in Baptism,to the branding of sheep in the mountains of Tasmania, The one was that the owner should know his sheep ; the other to indicate that the baptised were dedicated to the Great Shep herd. He alluded to the authority in the Old Testament for layiug on the hands, where the blessing was restricted to the person on whom the hands were laid, and instanced* the death-bed Bcene of Jacob, and the dedication of Joshua as Moses' successor; and as some might object that the authority of the Old Testament was superseded by the New, he referred to Christ healing and performing miracles by outward signs, and the layiijg on of bands; and to ChriEt placing his hands OE. the little children, and saying Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not;" and also to the practice of the Apostles. The Bishop also referred to the vast number of personB*who received the Holy Ghost in the days of the Apostles. The Bishop proceeded to ask the candidates the usual question. Do you here, in the presence of God and this congregation renew the solemn promise and vow made in baptism, See," and received the affirmative response of the candidates, *who were arranged in the front pens. The congregation aBd choir then enng the 113th hymn. "Come Holy Ghost, Eternal Spirit come." The Bishop next proceeded to the laying on of hands on .the candidates individually, eaying over each person kneeling at the Altar," Defend, O Lord this thy servant with thy heavenly grace, that he may continue thine for ever; and daily increase in thy holy Spirit more and more until he come unto thy everlasting Kingdom." The attending Clergy in each ca^e responding "Amen." On the females the personal pronoun was of course altered to she. After the ceremony was completed the Bishop delivered from the pulpit a most affecting address, both to tbeprostulants themselves and to the relativesand congregation assembled, from the 4th Chapter of St Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians, 30th verse, " And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed until tbe day of redemption." His Lordship pointed out the •various forms and manners the Holy Spirit might b^ grieved ; waat of charity to our neighbor; negligence in prayer; irreverence in places of worship; and especially keeping away from the Communion Table. The address concluded-with a special reference to the soldiers confirmed; that they were now soldiers of Christ, and although at all times ready to fight for their country they muBt also fight the great fight of Christ's Church. The congregation then slowly separated. ? 