A FLEET WEDDING DESCRIBED. It is not difficult to form some idea of the kind of scenes enacted at the gene rality of Fleet weddings. Having chosen the tavern or marriage-house at which they would be united-not an easy choice to make, we imagine, taking into consideration the tounter representations of rival touters-the couple would be shown, with their friends, into that chamber of the establishment allotted to nmatrimony-a toom doubtless redolent with the perfumes of spirits and tobacco.. Any misgisings which might atisa in the minds of the candidates for marriage as to the validity of the soleminites about to take place, were dispelled by the appear ance of the parson, whose tanner was important and dignified, and who had attired himself in thoroughly orthodox (although somewhat ditty) canonicals. What did it mutter that the reverend priest's nose was somewhat red, and that the hand in which hier held his book was sttgestively tremulous? He was in orders; he had been at Oxford ; and-Ite read, at least, as one having authority. .... The service read was of course that of the Church. of England altlthott1l probably a imntdified antid abbre viated vetrion of it. At the cotnmen.e ment of i book kept by one of the pur suns, we have found portions of the office for matrimony-aplpaeently transcribed for reading front-so rendered as to lead to the conclusion that references to the Deity were, when it was practicable, omitted. For instance, in the passage which accompantes the giving of the ring, the invocatiot worded in he Prayer-book thus-" In the name of the Fatlier, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost"-is altered into the ph1rase, F"rom this time forth for ever ito e. Amen;" sad the promise given by ttmin and woman to hold together "arcording to God's holy ordi notice" is rendered simply, " according to law." It was only to be expected that the paisons woild reduoe the directly re ligious portions of the service to the smillest possible limits. A clerk awas generally prt sent at the ceremony to say the Amens. HIe was either a person regularly employ ed f r the purpose by the cleriymaut, or a pot-boy or some other taln ni functionary fetched in for the oc casion. Sometimes the proprietor of the ttatriage-house himne'f acted in this cauacity, and kept the register alco. Oceasionally a woman was suddenly called upon to officiate as clerk. The ceremony over, the palson made a note of the mtarriage in his pocket-book; this entry being sntbwqunently transcribed into a large- and more regular register, a hich might belong either to the parson himself, or to the marriage-house keeper. in some casts the insertion was made in the pages ct the more bulky voltutie di reit. But this insertion, it would seem, never took place at all unless it was specially paid for; it was omitted, too, on those occasions when it was desired that the marriage shotld he kept entirely s. cret. If possible, the patson now sold a certilicate of the event which hail just tuken place, to the parties married; and they were, generally speaking, desirous of obtaining such a document. Consider able efforls'were made to render the cer tificates leguil and impressive in appear mutce.-7The FL ft Parsons and the Fleet Alarriages in the " CornhiL Afagazine" fur May. 