TWATEU DIrrnrts---The Ararat Advertiser says:-One day last week when the water diviner was staying in Ararat, he amused himsels by poiiting out the existence of springs in certain locations in the town. Ae cording to his 'indicationu' a number existed in Barkly street, and others under the floors of private dwellings. In one instance, we are told, when prosecuting his search, he entered the bar of a certain hotel, and was surprised to find his rod indicate water at every step he took. Unable to account for so singular a phenomenon, he inquired what sort of place was beneath the floor, and although informed that it was the cellar where the landlord -stored all his wines and spirits, yet he was evidently unable to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion as to the number of indications given by his rod. On making still closer and more private investigation however he learned that the landlord had just been watering his grog. This information it is needless to say at once solved his doubts. We are not pre pared to vouch for the authority of the above; we tell the story precisely as it was related to us. S?tLLG A BrrIrr.-Some time ago, near the town of Montgomery, a: bailiff was in possession of a cottage. As may be sup posed, his presence was most obnoxious to the other occupants, and they determined to em ploy a ruse to get rid of him. Accordingly one stormy night the bailiff was treated with two delightful ghost stories, and to move his superstitions still further, he was told " Tom Paviour," a notoriously bad character of times past, and " Screechy Saill," a half-wit 1t d creature who it was said had hung her self on a tree in the garden of the cottage, on stormy and wild nights used to disturb the peace of that place. The bailiff was too wily to digest the "soft sawder," but presently he heard an unearthly shriek in the back, so thinking he was hoaxed, in his shirt sleeves and minus his hat, he ran out into th., garden vowing dire vengeance on the cause of the disturbance No sooner had he crossed the thceshold than the door was locked upon him. Fearless still, tiough isolated, the courageous limb of the law stood his ground in the pitiless rain and blast. Soon a inut tered growl assailed his ears from somewhere close by, but the matter of fact heeded not, but in bravado bellowed out, "Don't think you can come over me like that! " He was then leaning against a tree, when suddenly, as if from the very heart of the trunk, a screech of the most dis mal and piercing description came forth. The now thoroughly seared man could stand it no longer, so without a moment's delay he took to his heels, and rushed into a dingle close'at hand. Nothing more was seen of him until next morning, but during his absence his distraint had become null and void, forit appears that the goods and chattels haft dis appeared. No doubt they had been surrep. titiously removed elsewher6 after "Old Sall" had played her pranks so effectually. "A discovery, calling to mind circumstan- ces of a very grave character," says the M.A. Mail," was made near Taradale, while clear- ing out a large waterhole on the Coliban. A skull, supposed to be that of a splitter named Reddick, who mysteriously disappeared about four years ago, was discovered; a hat had been found in the same hole at the time a search was being made for the missing man, his mate then being in custody on suspicion. The arrest of the latter was first occasioned by the discovery of deeds in the possession of a woman who was assumed to be his wife, the deeds having belonged to Reddick. While in confinement the prisoner made a confession that he had got rid of the body by putting it in a hole, but when escorted to the piece he had described, he averred his previous statement was false. These re- mours were not forgotten, for on the hole being pumped out Mr Reynolds found a skull, upon which was the mark of a large fracture. What strengthens the suspicion that it is that of Reddick is the proximity of the hole to where he had felled a tree prior to being missed, the skull being found near to a bag of stones, and the confession of the man in custody, which, after being made, was denied, but which seems to gain circumstan- tiality." The following illustration of the workin, of the fraud-summons system is fromn thl Bendigo Advertiser:--" In the fraud sulm- mons case of Moorhead v Denis Berne, heard a week or two ago, the defendant was committed to gaol by the police magistrate. Mr Rymer, attorney for defendant, subse quently made an application to the justices for the release of the defendant, on the ground that defendant's es'a'e w is seqgues. trated at twelve o'clock noon, and he was committed by the Bench at three p.a. tie same day. The ap:; eation was refiused ;?ndt a similar one was afterwards made t, the judges of tlte Supreme Court and granted, a the Bench had no power to commit under the circumstances. Byrne was released f on gaol An autobiography of Richard Buries?, one of the laungatapu murderers, is pub. lished by the Canterbury papers. B ires gives a detailed account of the murder of) i John Price, in March, 1857 ; abo of the at tempted escape of convicts, in which Ore: JTones was-killed; and hey attributes bs, these events to the wanton cruelty and t. ranny of Price himself. He also furtis 'h particulars of the sticking up of Mr Warrel store, on the Goulburn ; of his capture b trooper, about sixteen miles from Echuea,f sticking-up Mr Burgess' station, and oft6 escape from the llunneymede station. lfi: reference to some " Yankee" trooper nam Stanley, who had temporary charge of t! lock-up at that time, and his courtrre, autobiographer does not speak in the high terms. His " travelling nlame" at that ii was Charles Harris, and in the other Vi: rian records; in the hulks outbreak it Dick " Hill. The narrative is written is somewhat sensational style, interspersedlr religious aspirations and comments. In our last issue we inserted a rep extracted from the Ballarat Star, contain: serious charges of negligence and er. against the officials of the Prince's t." Industrial School, and from the cir stances which have since transpired it a appear that there was no exager whatever in the statements published. Dyte (one of the members for Ballbrat, a most consistent supporter of the Gor ment), from personal observations brc' the matter before Parliament last week. though the Chief Secretary could not that the reaports were true in substanss thought a great deal of exaggeration been intermixed with the real iets.' Dyte, in moving for a commission to in into the alleged negligence and cr of the officials, made the following re Since placing this notice on the paper Mr Dyte) hlie had made himself no with the fachets, and he found that in uo stance had the horrors of the story beer exaggerated, lie had originals of the sent friom the children to their mothe: was stated that only one letter hid hee pressed, and that one only because C spelling; but he thought this a s05 singular statement when he found that.r thirtesn years of age, who had beent months in the school, was neither ablet nor arite her own language. The c were sent to the schools in April last, Forember last their mother, her eir ces having in the meanwhile imprott desirous of getting them back agin. seemedrby the letters to hare a syste. tempt to prevent the children retUi as far back as the 20th December, i Written by the matron and other pea the school, great care was taken to upon the mother the.fict that tbe were quite well, or their eyes mud In the first letter the elder girl vW say:-" I am thankful to say fy, lquite well, and so am I;" and in th letter, "1 am happy to say my eve, well, aind my sister's too;" andall t were written in tins strain. The ic to bring the children home Ueete the institution; and it was suppo0 woman entrusted with it, who pre'e self at the institution in an intotl' dition, lhad got drunk with the it had seen the children himseht girl was blind in one eye, :nd cou' see oub of the other; andi both i much disfigured by skin disease. I right that they should be made to0 that they were we'l when they ' condition. From inquiries l adi' thut a system of punishment hd = ted in the institution which he sure had not come to the ears 01 Secretary. He was told that tt were pun:ished by being made to bread and water, and by being" a good strong horse- hvlip. (Cri He stated this on the 1est at was told that the whip was unsp i that the-icildren were deprived 0 part of their clothing, and that confined in a room in which ther cely any light for periods vart' to seven days. He was inclii this was true, because be knc, dren had complained of thie sat HIe knew a case where i mninerh children to one of these institsi first intimation he had of the d them was nine months after the sumns oi money, hlie submittcd1 be expended in teaching cl home falsehoods to their paren sooner inquiry was made ti5 :mended the better. 