A MATRIMONIAL. ROMANCE. The Fitzroy Polico Court was crowded yes terday morning, by persons anxious to know the result of a rather curious marriage case which it was known wonld be disclosed in the hearing of a certain charge of robbery from a dwelling, to ba preferred against one Thomas Hold. The magistrates on the bench were Mr Templeton,- P.M., nnd Mr Hailes. The prosecutrlx was a Mr3 Maria Ann Amelia Gar rick, alias Ifold, an elderly lady, apparently the senior of the prisoner by some years. Mr John Edwards, jun., appeared for tke prosecu tion ; and Mr Aspinall, instructed by Messrs Miller and Ireland, solicitors, for tho defence. The prosccntrix, on being sworn and examined by Mr Edwards, deposed : I know the prisoner. I reside at No. 2 Royal-terrace, Fitzroy. I recollect Tuesday last, tho 10th inst. Tho witness was here requested to speak loudly, when she explained that ' that man' had struck her a blow which rendered her unable to raise her voice. Examination continued: I saw tho prisoner lillilli lUUrillllg III 1UJ JIUUSU. JU.O LUUIU fallCAG C\b between seven and eig.it o'clock with twelve men and three vans, nud took away a piano, a sofa, eight chairs, a work-tablo, a writiug-desk, a butler'a tray and stand, a hall tablo and hall chairs. Ho took them against my will, nud I gave him in charge for robbery. Tho name of my husband is Archibald Jobn Garrick. I havo u protection order ngainst him. Mr Aspinr.ll: Sho wants to bo protected from both husbands. (Laughter.) Cross-examined by Mr Aspinall : I was mar ried to the prisoner Thomas Ifold. I beliovo I was honestly married to him ns a widow, but it was not in a church of my own persnasion. I have not seen Mr Garrick since the year 1858. Thero is nobody here who knows him. Ha is in Sydney. I havo not .had any corre spondence with him sinco 18o8. I nm not married to Ifold. throo months yet. Tho certificate o£ my marriage with Garrick was taken away by Ifold on tho morning of the 10th inst. The value of the things taken away was over £100. I told him about a fort night or threo weeks after I was married to him, that I could not livo with him any longer, as I discovered my husband was living, and_ I gave him back the wedding ring. I told him he might remain in tho house till' ho got em ployment, antl lie stopped for a fort night or so, but occupied a room apart from me, and did not eat at the same table with mo. During this time he always called mo ' Mrs Garriek.' The prisoner was introduced to me at my houso by Borne friends of mine. I understood he was a rich squatter. I was married to him ton days after our introduction. It was a fortnight after our marriage that I saw tho ghost of Garrick. (Laughter.) Mr Garrick loft mo of his own accord. .Tnacin T.nvTYinvn sniil : T nm n. KPi*vnnt in the employ of Mrs Garrick. I know tho prisoner. On tho morning of Tuesday, tho 10th, I was washing tho hall when ho came to the house with several men and furniture vans, and com menced stripping the diningroom of its f nrni turo. I saw him tako away tho things enumerated by the last witness. I heard Mrs Garrick tell Mr Ifold that Mr Garrick was living. He told mo to call Mrs Garrick ' Missus.' Mrs Garrick gave mo the wedding ring to giveto Mr Ifold. Mr Edwards : When you saw Mr Ifold, what did you say of tho ring ? Witness (abstractedly) : Tho ring at tho door ? (Hoars of laughter.) Mr Edwards : No, but tho wedding ring ? Witness : I took him into a private room and told him Mrs Garrick wished me to give that to him. Ho caid ho would ' bum down tho houso and make the Duke's visit hot for her.' (Laughter.) This wns about a fort night after ho took his box away, and about a fortnight before ho came to take the furniture. Constable M'Ginty deposed to the arrest of tho prisenor. He wa3 searched and two wedding rings and some money found on him. Mr Boauchamp, ef the firm of Beauchamp and Rocko, nuctioneera, Collins-street, de posed that the prisoner called upon him on Monday, tho 9th inst., and stated he had had a falling out with hia wife and wanted some furniture removed to witness's rooms to be sold by auction. Witness declined to receive the furnitnro unless tho prisoner gave him re ferences, arid Ifold then referred him to Messrs Miller and Ireland, solicitors. That firm told him tho prisoner was a married man, and the men and vans were accordingly sent to remove the furniture at seven o'clock the fol lowing morning, in accordance with instruc tions from tho prisoner. The furniture enumerated by Mrs Garrick was at present at witness's rooms, awaiting the result of this prosecution. Mr Edwards said he thought ho had now produced sufficient evidence to justify tho bench in allowing tb.e prisoner to be remanded until thno was had to satisfactorily prove that tho prosecntrix's first husband wus still living. They required time to bring witnesses from Sydney. Perhaps Garrick himsolf could bo brought over, and ho would therefore ask their Worships for a remand fora few days. Mr Aspinnll delivered a characteristic ad dress to Iho bench on behalf of tho prisoner. The charge was of such a ridiculous character that ho wondered any magistrate could patiently sit and hear the ca3e out. Thero was a woman, who, for nine years, had not seen her husband, had not written to him and had nat received a single letter from him. She hears he is dead and she]gets married again, but in a few days after tho ceremony is performed, aresarrcctionjof herfirsthusbandsuddenty takes place, and tho'second husband is told that he must bo immediately discarded. Why, the proseculrix was simply making that court a divorce court, and if tho bench by their decision dissolved the marriage of the prosccutrix with tho prisoner, thoy would bo giving a most dangerous pre cedent for every discontented married woman who wanted to steal away from her husband. If this kind of thing was to bo encouraged, every woman who, after marriage, was disappointed in her husband, and found ho wns not the man she thought, or was not a rich squatter, as she b'elieved, had nothing to do but say sho was married before, nnd had just learned that her first husband was still living, and was in Sydney — or, for that matter, in England or America — and going to a police cpurt, get nn accommodating bench to dissolve her marriage, without the uonsonse of adivorco 'suit. Beforo tho prosecatrix contracted marriage with the prisoner, why did she not institute, as she ought to have done, the deepest and strictest inquiry into the fate of her first husband, if she was not already sure of his being'really deceased ? The fact was, that on | a mere rumor, n bare statement, she discards her husband, and th?n prosecutes him for rob bery when ho removes furniture from their house. In reference to Mr Edwnrds's applica tion the bench, after a few words of consulta tion, intimated that they felt justified in grant ing a romand for a fortnight, but they wonld accept bail for the prisoner's appearance on tho next day of hearing. 