Our Portfolio. DON'T WRITE THERE.—" Don't write there," said one to a lad who was writing with a dia-<*> mond pin on a pane of glass in the window of an hotel. " Why not ?" was the reply. " Be- cause you cmn't rub it out." There are other thing* whioh men should not do, because they cannot rub them out. A heart is aching for sympathy, and an unkind word) may make a more durable impression than that of the dia mond on the glass. Thb Ohkistiah's CcnoroCT.—A person may, eren after religion is received into the heart as a regenerating principle, do precisely similar things, in a manner precisely similar to what he would hare done before. The difference, how ever, will consist in his new motive; and that motive will be a hearty, honest, constant desire to glorify and serve God, and to benefit his fellow-creatures, for the sake of God, and in the name of Christ; —a perpetual reference to God's will, as a standard of duty, and a constant eye to the approbation of God, in place of the ap plause of his fellow-men. Finn ahd Humility.—l never yet found pride in a noble nature, nor humility in an un worthy mind. Of all trees, I observe that God hath chosen the vine—a low plant, that creeps upon the helpful wall; of all beasts, the soft and patient lamb; of all fowls, the mild and guileless dove. When God appeared to Moses, it was not in the lofty cedar, or sturdy oak, but in an humble, slender bush; as if He would, by these elections, check the arrogance of man. Nothing procureth love like humility; nothing hate, like pride.—Owstr Fslthax. WsoHCtHSADS.—Among the most unpleasant people one is compelled to rub shoulders with on life's highway, are the class whose minds take hold of everything the wrong end foremost. They are usually as obstinate as perverse, and the false inferences they draw from misappre hended premises they adhere to with as much tenacity as if they were gospel truths. One knows not how to deal with such incorrigibles. Good-humored rallying they are as likely as not to mistake for studied insult, kind words for flattery, endeavors to instruct and convince for airs of superiority, and whatever one may do or say with a view of benefiting them, for insidious attempts to get on their blind side. Their field of moral vision is filled with a mist of suspicion which distorts every thing; and it is in vain to reason with them, for you can no more do away with their absurd impressions than you can wipe out graven letters with a sponge. Error, we sup pose, is to them what truth is to right-headed men and women, and they cling to it because they believe in it. On of the most important female qualities is sweetness of temper. Heaven did not give to woman insinuation and persuasion in order to be imperious; it did not give them a sweet voice to be employed in scolding. Whbv a man takes more pleasure in earning money than in spending it, he has taken the first step towards wealth. Or* belief or disbelief of a thing does not alter the nature of the thing. We cannot fancy things into being, or make them vanish into no thing by the stubborn confidence of our imagi nations. Things are as sullen as we are, and will be what they are, whatever we think of them. And if there be a God, a man cannot by an obstinate disbelief of him make him cease to be, any more than a man can put out the sun by winking.—TniOTßOH. " Pitt th» Wkotd,"—Pity not the honest, thrifty, hard-working poor, for labor sweetens rest; pity rather the wicked, for whose conscious souls there is no repose, no holiday. " Sunday dawns no Sabbath day for them." It has been said— " The proper study of mankind Is man." Laib Auxcior Fiowsbs.—Very beautiful are those late lingerers of the flower-world that take no hint short of thirty-two Fahrenheit to vanish from the scene. They bear the buffets of the equinoctial bravely. It is only when the rimey finger of Jack Frost touches their petals, that the glory Cades out of them, and they bow their heads despairingly and yield up the ghost. Cold Jack is an uncompromising democrat. He takes the conceit out of the sumptuous dahlias, gay china asters, and stately holyhooks, as promptly as popular revolutions humble kings and princes. Forlorn and beggarly enough the loftiest of them look when he has turned their gay raiment into whitey-brown rags. But as yet they flaunt their glories in the fair October sunshine gallantly, and the mignionette beds at their feet continue to offer them balmy in cense. Chhdhood.—lt has been universally allowed that childhood is the happiest season of our lives. Then no real troubles affect us, and affliction exerts no influence over our minds. Our little griefs may cause a tear, but 'tis "forgot as soon as shed," and our happy hours glide away in unrestrained enjoyment, without an anxious thought for what s to come. Oh, these are joyous days, when the expressive countenance is lighted up by an approving smile, and the young heart beats high with present pleasure. So far 'tis true. But has this second period of our existence no bitterness to mingle with its spotless stream; is the young child always satisfied with the happiness of its condi tion ; and are there in youth, in manhood, and even-in old age, no superior enjoyments to com pensate, nay, more than compensate, for the loss *of infantile amusements ? To a child, its little trials and vexations are as afflicting as more important concerns to those of mature age. They seldom are in sorrow, for if not joy, 'tis grief affects them, and grief to them so full of woe, that for the short time it lasts nothing can comfort them. Sympathy for the distress of another—even for one of the brute creation— fear of punishment for having done wrong and many other causes not half so important, will suffice to raise distress as violent as it is short. But a trifle will dissipate it, and their liveliness will soon return. Let him who envies those who are yet enjoying this bright period of ex istence, reflect on the superior advantages he daily enjoys, and the multiplicity of enjoyments he has now the ability to relish. Ha now has it in his power to dive deep into the wonderful operations of nature, to derive the most exqui site delight from any or all of the fine arts, and if his childhood has received religious impressions, he can derive from them consolation and support in any trial, and by perceiving the blessings with which he is surrounded, his heart will expand with gratitude towards that Being who has so wonderfully made him. Women oir Womzh. —Women are apt to criticise women with undue severity. It has been said that while men are often unjust to men, they are always so to the other gender; but we are inclined to think that so far as talk is conoerned, the gentler sex scandalizes itself more frequently than the "bearded tyrants" scandalize it. Ladies do not, as a rule, take a sisterlike, charitable view of the errors and short comings of their female acquaintances. Why cannot they be more blind to each other's faults, more wide-awake to each other's virtues? " Hawks will not pick out hawks' eyes," says the proverb; but the doves of the social ark are less scrupulous about pecking at one another. One of the most galling things in the world to a sensitive woman is to be talked of or talked at impertinently. She does not like to have her failings recited, and above all regretted, by her neighbors. She would not so much mind the enumeration of her sins, if her dear friends would be kind enough not to groan over them. That exasperates her, and she retaliates in kind, and with interest. Underlying the smiling sur face of society there is no end of" suppressed war" that has been thus generated. If the sorrow which laiy-gossips profess to feel when they hear of or recapitulate the slips and pec cadilloes of their female intimates were always genuine, one might balance their kindness of heart against their [mischievous garrulity, and so forgive them; but, alas! in too many instances they are, in reality, rather thankful than other wise, for an opportunity to exercise their pestilent gift. There are three lessons which all mothers should impress upon tbe minds of their daughters—first, to speak nothing but the absolute truth; second, never to utter unpala table truths when their utterance can do no good; and third, to shun, as they would shun the small- pox, allgossip-mongers and slanderers; and these lessons should be taught early. 