THE PAN-ANGLICAN SYNOD. i Address of the Bishops. To the Faithful in Christ JcEus.thePrieste and Deacons, j and the Lay Members of the Church of Christ in ' Communion with the Anglican Branch of the j Church Catholic, — , We, the -undersigned Bishops, gathered under the good providence of God for prayer and confidence at T.n?nTipfh Tirjur fnr vnn that tp tnav ntttjiin ornrp mercy, and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour. We give thanks to God, brethren beloved, for the faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love tewards the Sainte, wliichhath abounded among you ; and for the knowledge of Christ which through you hath been spread abroad among the most vigorous races of the earth. And with one mouth we make our suppli cations to Godeven the Father, that by the powerof the Holy Ghost He would strengthen us with His might, to amend among us the things -which are amisB, to supply the things which are lacking, and to reach forth unto higher measures of love and zeal in wor shipping Him, and in making known His name ; and we pray that in His good time He would give back unto Hie whole Church the blessed gift of unity in Truth. And now we exhort you in love that ye keep whole and undeHled the Faith once delivered to the Saints, as ye have received it of the Lord Jesus. We entreat you to watch and pray, and to strive heartily with us against the frauds and subtleties wherewith the Faith hath been aforetime and is now assailed. We beseech you to hold fast as the suie word of God all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testament, and that by diligent study of these oracles of God, praying in the Holy Ghost, ye seek to Icvinu.' mnrp nf th#» T.or*l Tocua fihriRt. fttir Rn.virtui-. whom they reveal unto us, and of the will of God which they declare. i Furthermore, we entreat you to guard yourselvoB and yours against the growing superstitions and ad elitions with which in these latter dayB the truth of God hath been overlaid ; as otherwise, so especially ' by the pretension to universal sovereignty over God's 'heritage 8 seer ted for the See of Rome; and by the practical exaltation? of the blessed Virgin Mary as mediator in the place of her Divine Son, and by the addressing of prayers to her as intercessor between God and man. Of Euch beware, we beBeech you, knowing that the jealous God Rivetb. not His honour to another. Build yourselves up therefore, beloved, in your moBt holy faith ; grow in grace and in the knowledge and love of Jesus Christ our Lord, Show forth before all men by your faith, self-denial, purity, and godly conversation, as well as by your labours for the people among whom God hath so wifely spread you, and by the Betting forth of His Gospel to the unhelievere and the heathen, that ye are indeed the servants of Him who died for us to reconcile HiB Father to us, and to be a sacrifice for the sins of the whole world. Brethren beloved, with one voice we warn you ; the time ie Bhort ; the Lord Cometh; watcb and be cober, Abide steadfast in the communion ef saints wherein God hath granted you a place. Seek in faith for one ness with Christ in the blessed sacrament of His body and blood. Hold fast the Creeds, and the pure worship and order, which of God's grace ye have inherited from the Primitive Church, lie ware of causing divi sions contrary to the doctrine ye have received. Fray and seek for unity among yourselves, and among all the faithful in Christ Jesus, and the good Lord make you perfect, and keep youi bodies, souls, and spirits until the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. C. T. Oantuar Charles Wordsworth, M. G. Armagh D.C.L., Bishop of St. K.C.Dublin Andrews, Dunkeld, and A, C. London Dunblane C. R. Wiaton Win. S. Wilson, Bishop of C. St. David's Glasgow and Galloway J. Lichfield T. B. Morrell, Coadjutor S. Oxon. Bishop of Edinburgh Thos. Vowlcr St. Asaph F. Montreal, Metropolitan A. Llandaif of Canada John Lincoln O. A. New Zealand, W. K. Saruin Metropolitan of New John T. Norwich Zealand J. C. Bangor R. Capetown, Metro C. J. Gloeester and Aubrey G. Jamaica Bristol T. Barbadoes E. H. Ely J. Bombay William Chester H. Nova Scotia T. L. Rochester F. T. Labuaa Samuel' Heath H. Grahams town H. Kilmore H. J. C. Christchurch Charles Limerick, Ard- Matthew Perth fert, and Agh.idoe Benjamin Huron Robert Eden, D.D., W. W. Antigua Bishop of Moray, Hoss E. H. Sierra Leone and Caithness, Primus T. N. Honolulu Alexander Ewing, Bishop J. T. Ontario of Argyll and the Isles J. W. Quebec l. G. Suther, Bishop of W. J. Gibraltar Aberdeen and Orkney H. L. Dunedin Horace Sodor and Mann Edward BiBhop Orange River Free State A. N. Niagara William Geerge Tozer, Missionary Bishop James B. Kelly, Coadjutor of Newfoundland J. Aiigl. HicroBol. John H. Hopkins, Presiding Bishop of Pr. Ep. Church in the United States CharleB P. M'llvaine, Bishop of Ohio Manton Eastburn, Bishop of Massachusetts John Payne, Bishop of Cape Talmas and parts adja cent Henry J. Whitehouse, Bishop of Illinois Thomas Atkinson, Bishop of North Carolina Henry W. Lee, Bishop of Iowa Horatio Potter, Bishop of New York Thomas M. Clark, Bishop of Rhode Island Alexander Gregg, Bishop of Texas W. H. Odenheimer, Bishop of New Jersey G. T. Bedell, Assistant Bishop of Ohio Henry C. Lay, Missionary Bishop of Arkansas and the Indian Territory Jos. C. Talbot, Assistant Bishop of Indiana Richard H. Milmcr, Bishop of Alabama CharleB Todd Quintard, Bishop of Tennessee John B. Kerfoot, Bishop of Pittsburgh J. P. B. Wilmer, Bishop of Louisiana C. M. Williams, Missionary Bishop to China George Smith, late Bishop of Victoria (China) David Anderson, late Bishop of Rupert's Land Edmund Hobhouse, by Bishop of New Zealand. A conversazione in honour of the bishops of the colonial and United States Churches, under the auspices of the Society for the Propagation of the GoBpel, was held on the 27th September, in St. James's Hall. Tbe floor of the large room was occupied by a large assemblage of clergymen and laymen, who spent two hours in conversation before the arrival of the bishops, who did not enter the hall until five o'clock, having been detained by a discus sion at the Synod at .Lambeth Palace. A number of ladieB occupied the gallery. The Archbishop of Can terbury, the Bishop of Oxford, and the Bishop ot London, introduced the American and Colonial Bishops, and all were cordially received. The Arch bishop of Canterbury took the chair. He read a letter from the Secretary of the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge ex pressing regret that circumstances had pre vented that society from giving a public welcome to the Bishops. The Archbishop added that that letter expressed the feelings of all present. They rejoiced to -welcome those who bad come from distant parts of the world to take part in this Conference. A deep debt of gratitude was owing to them for having taken such, interest in the matter, and made such sacrifices for it. At first it was doubt ful whether it would be possible to give up any por tion of that day for a meeting like that. At the same time an anxious wish was expressed on the part of the clergy of London and the neighbourhood, and of many members of the Church of England, that they should have an opportunity of seeing face to face thosetwho had come to the Conference, and that a portion of the day should be given up for this purpose. He wished that a larger portion of the day could have been de voted to the meeting. The Rev. Mr. Bullock, the secretary to the society, read an address of welcome to the American and Colonial Bishops. The Bishops of Vermont, New Zealand, Louisiana, Cape Town, and Rhode Island having briefly addressed the company, the Bishop of London, as head of the diocese in which the meeting was held, expressed his satisfaction in welcoming the Bishops to this city. It was not for him to reveal any of the secrets of what had been done at Lambeth Palace ; but the Synod had forced on his mind the thought that, although men said the Church was so much divided, there was a real and essential unity of heart and faith, and that such gatherings would testify to the great truth that, with all their diversities of individual character, of training, and of nationality, they were still one at heart, anxious to promote in their several ways the great work committed to them. The Bishop of Ontario having addressed the meeting, the Bishop of Oxford spoke humourously and forcibly on the necessity of providing a mission house for the society. He expressed his conviction of the Apostolical cha racter of the Synod which had been held. -He had no doubt that heresies in the Church arose in. little communities from the sway of particular minds and the force of particular circumstances: and just as they could not get the light of Heaven unless the prismatic rays were mingled in the common composition of light, so they could not keep the truth of the Holy Catholic Church long untainted unlesB they blended good men of different habits of thought, and got their united deci sions upon the difficulties with which the Church might be beset. The Archbishop pronounced the Benediction, and the conversazione soon afterwards broke up. An annual subscription to the amount of £120 for the Natal bishopric was raised in the room. 