ROYAL BALL. I» Avilo tiret honozre." L'état c'est moi. - I TJ.\DIE3 OîfIA\ * I In. flnnrhuíth through tho honor ol bia ancestor* !" so will we, query f-What were they? have patience, we will snz. PRESIDENT ¡-Lady Sunset. TnBASunEii : - Lady Morning. SECRETARIES :-.Mrs Bagatelle. Mrs - COMMITTEE : TremMowcll. Mrs Frcezum,. " Pilli Potion. Mirs Nacclinrlno Kitts,. tn .?BU.M ".,"."", Ir, ,0>i..m knocker, ïi» Swallow, ." r" iiuvolo, Mrs Saracen lodgers, n;'ri»v A rs Turnum, " r,mki'n Mrs Sncerum, "S rrltt. M" Becho-la.mer, \\\ Pedler »' » "O"»»- M» ?Ä Other .'Tabbies." " Moines, B(dIajp genIor ÈSergeant-at-Arras, Mace Bearer. Messenger, etc. tirardi (ot long standing, much enduring natures) in another ,, when wanted, as they will be, when '. Creek meets Greok" tbs "sinews of war" aro required for milliners, jewellers, ,tt*o. _ .Tho higher tho Apo goes, tho moro he shews hts tall." President: Ladies, Ibis spccinl meeting lias been «mei! ndvisoblo to determine tho vexed quoit ¡on of 'ito's who, investi«nto all marriage linos, to search into ll nitpi tm!, mid nnto-nuptiml flaws: to decide on what mit co ''".* on*wcr to n heap of letter«, tho contents of rhicli »""f- forthwith bo laid before you. Wo must Iso nt onco decido on tho selection of ono hundred »troni, °ut of tho common ruck, whoso ten guineas ¡ll ho needed to fill tho coffors of our Trensiirer." 1 red not suy these ladies must bo, in virtue and in stand JJ anim pinella blt». lld Saccharine Wits, (asido to MrsB.) ; Tho question i ulicro will you dud thom ; aftor ourselves I don't ¡pir another. lies liagnlelle, (aside to Sirs S. II.) ".. Questions like tim don't'- bear discussion. J Présidait: I nlso find that, out of door?, groat exeop limi uns been taken to tho local standing of somo in this pjminittee. J Mts Hariet] : Well ! I don't see why it should ! Lih rank of lifo, and trndo, and calling is hero ropre J-nlcil, from high to low ! What more would they have? por ino- ' nm ready with ni// genealogy. 1/V.r Fra Diavolo : Not I then f Its preposterous ! Mrs fJ'ljt p"lt ?.' Xor I ! 3lfs Moshes: Nor I! Tho woman's mad to think of luch il thins. 1 .If.-j Saracen Todgers, (asido to Mrs Moshes) : Pray Jrlmi's tho usc of nil tho trouble and expenso that,some If uihivo had to foost and dance, and flunkey ourselves Into society, unless it ba to purchase immunity from too llo«i> iu.')Vction of our antecedents. The indignities Ito'vo domo, tho snuhbiiigs wo'vo pocketed, tho Kiiincrs, dances, parties Hint we've given, have all boen Birmi n nwny, if that's to bo tho case ! .Mrs Frcezum : My Lndy President-Some of us hove jrm.il lo withdraw altogether, if there's going to bo nny Enquiries made about it» / It's beneath our dignity ; ir-iilf5 nono or us will stnnd it. President: There is nu question raised of snell a un:-there aro somo of you, tho self elecred, who niulless foresaw with nil tho wisdom of the sorpo t, it jmi would not. Uko tho rigorous tost yon apply to i fillers-but calm yourselves, feel enfo, and now proceed i business. Mesdames Bagatelle and Cue, tho corres imlriu-i' ! Jirj bagatelle : This letter-just received-encloses, a_ ilieqiio for ten guineas, nnd intimates how great would ! JO the Indy's plensnro to join.our loyal demonstration to ' fliel'iinceniid-Cricsof" Who is she?" "Nomo-linnie." Sirs Cue: Mrs Fitz Foodie-of-address obliterated. Mrs Pottum Knocker : Why her father wns a grocer, . g.-ci'iisrocer, or somo low thing of that sort-that Juu't il<>! Cries of " Certainly not," "ohdenrno." i Mrs Ueche-la-mer : But what is sho ? What's her | ailinn ? It's not her fathtr who wants to como to [he tull ! Great confution. Mrs Freezitin : I know her well-sho's altogether irre Jiroiciiable, besides having two protty daughters. Mri Saccharine Hills : Then I'LL not vote for her ! 'ro (liiughters of my own, and hopo I know my duty IUIT! Mrs Siuczttm : Tho proposition cannot bo entertained reno moment-preposterous, degrading! Mrs Fodder: I ronlly don'tseo why this lady's lotter Jin Saccharine /tilts: This LAD v.' ! ha! lia! ha! ! Chorus of Un! ha's ! Mrs Saracen Todgers : Let Mrs Cuo write and say its I only LADtiiS who give this Bull." Mri Fodder : No, no, that's too insulting Mrs Saekarine JTilln : Noe nt nil-not nt all-I for insist on this Bull being.select. Jin narley. Yes! of courso we must draw tho lino \mev:here ! ! Mrs Saracen Podgers : Such people as those ero oping iutlci'd ! ! - . President : Would it not bo better ladies, to romem jb;r no uro nono bf Vi quite immaculate ? (looking round significantly) ive shull really get into terrible hot water if wo don't mind our P's nnd Q's-and nbova all, fe must not send un ir.soleut reply to a civil message. Mrj Rechc-la-mer : You'requi{p right my lady President, re ought just to let our motto be, "That mercy I to otlintjslio-v, that mercy show to mo." So just net sensi lily fur once, pop tho ten guineas into tho Troasury, and "»inc, quest ions." - Several mises cocked into tho air, and murmurs of "PMeim " " VWy !" Mn Saracen Todgers : This woman comes not with ht Tabba Why she 1ms novar made our dresses, Bikcil »ur dinners, or- . . M Tubby: Or (might tho young idea how to shoot! i trlij therefore would you exclude her ? Agitation-mid erins of "Divido" " divido!" Oimnitlco having dirirled (and also, having dono Milling :Uo since thoy sat ¿hore). Mrs Cue snit!-Tho " Noes " Imvo it. . ".Voes" eluted, whisper, smile, flutter their fans, clo., eli., cte. ? Tieasuw : I'm sorry, but our duty's" clear, a refusal mii-t bo sent-ind nins ! tho money bo ret urned ! Jin Uayntelle : Tho next in ordor aro soino extraor farv letters. President : (looking through eyo glass)-Ave thoy on lb table? îlrs Uagntello mid Cuo look ot each other ond laugh. Mri Cue: They uro in.the unte-chamber, twelve tn-kiits full ¡-(Kings, Hailey enters). Mrsüayatellc: tiring in thoso lcttors ! Dailey, assisted by messengers, maco-bcarer, etc, Irinis in twelvo baskets. Bailey : Holy Moses'! ain't thoro a lot of Billy Dan*. President : (Angrily):-l'rofario mon ! who recommen neil you, and whore hayo you lived, to huvb learned no betliT manners ? Bailey: On Cliuruh Hill, at Mrs Todgor's Boarding Homo, my Indy, and precious worrittod sho nlwoyswero I'jotU tho gravy-and Airs Stnushum Todgers, wall sho he» it-mid it wore n 'spoctablo flrst-ohiss houso, near tliethree cornered parson's. (Winks, looks encouragingly it Mrs S imeon Toilgers-nods, and slowly rotires.) Mri Saracen Todgers : (Sotto voce)-Insolent million ¡ incito! - President : To busino3s onco moro-scorotarics what' comes next. ? .lin RagateHe : Thoso aro all threatening lettors ! President : (Looking round). Just Heavon ! thoso aro the fruit j of your libellous attacks on all and evory ono, whoso minio was mooted at our last meeting! I quito ex- pected something of tho kind! (groaning.) Treasurer: Not so, nt least"not YET. I havo cast a npil glauco over all theso. letters, and I gather from tsch one, that the writors aro equally indignant, their mmes nero omitted in forming our Committee, and they oas ami all, "demand" to bo instantly placed thereon Wthreaten divers pains and ponalties. - Mrs Beclte-la-tner : All caïi't bo on, that'd clear j I, for ODO wish I wore off. Premlenl : Giro me tho namos of thoso ladies who urila such saucy letters. Mrs flayatelle: I really hardly liko to say-these tlitr ladies will deol so roughly with them. 3rrs Saracen Todgers: (Snatching up a latter). Ohl lieu an anchor on u livery button, that must be some tinVs! und here's another, with mitre and orasior on I'lnzongo ; which clearly points to Collogo Don, or bhj trig I » Mrs Sneezmit : Oh tho Lozengo one, must bo from Mme ex-confectioner. Jfr* Freeium : Wo won't have confectioners, or com' oon sea unpining cithor, on this Committee. Mrx Saccharine Hilts: Not if wo /mom itP ' FreiUent : Oh really ladies this is too bad-wo hov« met hero tor tho despatch of business ((leaven help mo 1] W'l you obstruct it nil you can. Treasurer: I ronlly wish tho Govornor had not with' drum his name, you might lmvo boon less litigious witt . vico-i'ognl oyo upon you. I Mrs Saccharine Hilts ; Oh ! wo don't wont Gtovornori ,or Governesses either-(mutters)-thora'*, already too many of tho latter. . . . Mrs Saruoen Todgors, Mrs Lilly.Putt, Mrs Freeburn, and several others show symptoms of fainting. President . Rises amid hysterical sobs, heartrending cries of distress,' and general uproar. President: (Sadly but severely)^-oh ladies'] ladies? why do you thus attack each other and delny the busi- ness of tho day,-flvo mortal hours havo wo Bât hero, oblivious of aught else, but these your wretched squabbles. Treasurer to President : It's quite our own faults s if wo had doñeas I proposed, adhered to so tn o given rule, taken Ahnucks as our model-stood on our sooialrank our ancestors- _ . 1st Tubby. Oh! none of tu over had any ancestors 2nd Tabby : And os for rank, that's horrid bosh ! Treasurer : I soy again, it should only havo been the leading ladies of Sydney who Mrs Saccharine ll ¡tts, Mrs Saracen Todgors, and Mrs Moshes, cry" Tho Lending Luthes ! prny who aro wo?" Treasurer: I moon the tilledladios first. \- Mrs Saccharine Hills : Oh ! Titles ! ! Iiis Royal Highness must be sick of titles! depend ou it he'd rather fur, have plain " Mrs" for a change. Mrs Beche-la-Mer : (laughingly) Plain enough in all conscience!!-non why can't we discuss ibis matter in a more business like manner-tnke tho most desirable of these ladies on the Committee, and do let's pick some good natured, and good looking ones for a ohauge. Chorus of Ugly Tabbies-No, No ! " Monstrous"-"Improper"-" Immoral "-"Very! ! " Crios of " Order, order" Question, quotion !" President: (bewildered)-What is the question? 'treasurer: These threatening lut.ors. President: And libellous attacks ! I - really feel quite frightened. Mrs Beche-la-mer : I should be tho last, my lady Presi- dent, your fears lo undcrval'eo, but if we do get into a scrape, wo must consult that Prince of Southern Ad vo- ca tr«, young Dalley. Mrs Barley : (nsido to Borea») Why not our hus- bands, if good SOUND advice ba needed ! President : Doubtless there's much good sense in what you say, but lot's avoid all " Low," I do not like it-but keep to tho question, and to begin-why not admit these ladies? Mrs JTreezum : Whnt nil of them ? Everybody-¡So, no, no! President: Shall wo say a dozen ? Cries of-" No, no, too many"-" ton I " " eleven ! ! " President : Take the sense of tho Committee on it. Mrs Ueche-la-mer : The Committee's got no sense. Secretaries proceed to ballot Mrs "Bagatelle : It's a tie. President : Thon my vote, tho casting vote, says " aye," pray let them in. .. . . Boors open, eleven ladios rush in tumultuously, take seats, and look dofiantly around, which is kindly reci- procated. .. . President relieved, Treasurer haughty. President : Tho next question, ladies, to which I mmt direct your attention, is tho choice of tho hundred matrons, whom we proposa shall share with us the honour of entertaining His Boyal Highness-which I trust you will find an easier matter than tho last. The Secretaries hold a list of names which will bo submitted. Treasurer (nsido to President) : For mercy's sake don't submit the names-there wou't bo a ghost of ono left, if you do ! Mrs Saracen Todgers : What's that I hear ? not sub- mit tho names ? und why, pray ? President : It really seems unnecessary, they are all ladies of high standing- good repute Treasurer : Quito irreproachable. I'ro soon tho list. Everybody : Let's seo it too. Cries of order-great confusion. Quest ion-Order-Quest ion. Mrs Saracen /odgers: Tho list's the question. Tn Ro.su itu ii (osido to President) : For mercy's sake, givo it to tho Turk ! Mrs SWAU.OW (to Treasurer) That's right, we'll let them down easily. PRESIDEST : Tho first lady to be proposed on this list is Mrs Bloomer. Mus SACCHARINE UITTS : Pray who is sho ? Mus MOSHES.:-Oh! a most delightful creature ; Mrs Bagatelle and I met her when visiting Mrs M'Orwees. Mus BAGATELLE : Yes, at our dear lost Dalwells ! (sighs). PRESIDENT : Ladies is that nama decidod ou ? Mus SACCHARINE MITTS, MUS MOSHES, MRS BAGA- TELLE, Mus Cac AND SEVERAL OTHERS : " Yes ! we'll havo her." Hero some of tho Committee show symptoms of catarral!, sneezings, shrugging* of shoulders, &o.;, eec. PRESIDENT . Tho second numois that of Mrs Tomkins. Cries of no, no-great confusion. (Serorul riso from their seats,) shameful ! 2ND TABBY .. Tho audacious thing ! It literally makes mo tr-r-r-romblo ! ! ! 1ST TABBY : Don't yon know ? . Crios of " divide," " no, no, wo won't have her" from all sides. PRESIDENT : Puss we to tho nest-Mrs Hodgos. 3RD TADDY : Oh ! absurd- ridiculous. 1ST TADDY : Yes-she's very low and vulgar ! Cries of no-no-yos-yes, and great confusion. PRESIDENT : Ladies-ladies-bo modorate, proy. Mus SNEEZUU : It's quito clear to mo that this dis- cussion will never end, if we aro to squabble over every nanto. I propose a sau-committeo bo appointed to approve-or tn reject-the names on the list-and that it consist of Mrs Saracen Todgers, Mrs Bloomer, Mrs Lilly Putt, Mrs Bagatelle nnd Mrs Moshes ! Mus TRKIIBLEWELL (nsido to Mrs Beche-la-mcr) : Did you observo tho sneer ? Mus POSTÜJI KKOCKER (asido) : Should be liberal enough in nil conscience. President, b cuthless ! Treasurer, aghast ! general ob fttsontion, amidst which motion carried, norn con. Mus SNEEzrjJt, (aside to Mrs Fodder), I'liero, that Com- mittee will do their duty like Britons-and exclude one and all that they owon grudge against. Mus FODDER : (aside to Mrs Sneezum), I think we're lucky to have escaped those hyenas ! At length, order being in somo measuro restored, MKS SARACEN TODO EUS said : Not tho least important of our duties, is to appoint another sub-committeo to re- çoive tho Prince ! Now as I consider myself at least as good as any, I claim to bo one. - Mus BOREAS : If every 'ody makes the same absurd demand, wo must all bo there- and thus n Committee of the whole-which would simply be ridiculous. Mus SACCHARINE Hms : Jsuroly should bo ono, and Mrs Fodder also, MRS FODDER : Oh ! pardon me, if Princes are like other men, our poor, plain looks would scarcely pleaso him. I suggest that Mrs Agneau, Mrs Barley, und Mrs Lamb- kin-(hesitates. J MRS TRRMDLEWELL : But that would not be enough at least thora should be six- therefore may wo not have erred in excluding those whoso bounty or other attractions would shed lustro on tho colony ? Why not add other names to our Committee, and also to this special ono what say you, ladies, to that of Mrs Tuglioni Blonde. Unprecedented oommotion, amidst which is heard at intervals-"Abominable," "Monstrous," "a ci diront danseúso!" "oh shamaful," " painted Butterfly ! ¡.gold dust in her hair, pearl powder! bella donna ! shall she receive the Prinoo i.idooil ! !" Jjct's ALI, withdraw ! PRESIDENT, rising : Order ludics-I do imploro you, remomber whero you aro-w<s aro public characters now ! This scono is roolly most distressing-ordor, I beg of you MRS SACCHARINE HITTS, (spitefully), prder indeed ! is tho Committee to bo insulted in this, manner ? I de- mand a ballot. - Mus BARLEY (asido to Lambkin), What au old vinegar cruot. Mns LAMBKIN, 'aside, I hope sugar is plentiful, and that hor husband has laid in-a good stookl Not but what [ think sho's quito right about that Taglioni Blondo ; I al wo vs hatod her. " MRS AONEAÜ (asido), So do I, it was a disgraceful pro- position j doubtless, she's nil they say, and moro, Mns SWALLOW, (joining tho oliquo)-Lndies,you should hopo for tho best. Mus LAMBKIN : We do-and belioro tho worst. Mits SWALLOW : What precious timo we'ro losing ; tho Princo will soon bo hero, und nothing done. PBESIDENX : A ballot being detnauded, it must bo talton. Mrs Bagatelle and Mrs Cue procood to toko it, and it was a fortunate thing for all coneerned that the'Brinco had no opportunity of sooing the faces presont, during tho operation, or ho would have had but a poor opinion of tho amiability of tho solf-oonstituted representatives of tho " Ladies " of tho colony. Mus CUE said, tho result ot tho ballot was tho election of "Saccharine Hilts, Mrs Hideous Crimson, Mrs Tromblowell, Mrs Fra Diavolo, Mrs Bagatelle, and tho Prosidont." Mus FitEKZBJl t Afc thc risk of Being irregular, I would suggest for considération whether there is any procèdent for the ladios of any provinco giving a bull at all to a Prince of tho Blood Royal. . . Sensational Incorlitudo, ' THBABUEEB: Although so fully committed to this Ball, I'vo OT or Ind serious- misgivings as to ita strict propriety., * ' . Maa IUur,Ev ; .There's to ba a Parliamentry one, I ! hear, which is «ure to eolipse ours-why aot coalesce ? Mus SACSIIARINE Htrra : In that caso the ohances of maintaining our position would be- small, therefore I dissent, No coalition ! wo should bo nowhero then what would be the use of tho dodge, by which wo got on this committee) ? Mus SARACEN TODGBRS : Oh .' place it beyond all chance of such a thing, by Bending an immediate invite to the Princo, whilst their's is still in abeyance. " We'll send a» Express." "I'll make it all right with tho P. and O." At this juncture the debato was interrupted by great uproar in the sub- committee room of shrieks-laughter -and emotion. TREASURER : Whatever is the matter? BAILS? (enters in haste) : Oh ! Micro's such a jolly' row 1 two nf them ladies is in historical fits, and is a biting and n scratching like anythink-where's the smelling bottle ? PRBSIDBST (greatly alarmed) : Who aro they ? BULKY, Mrs Bloomer and Mrs Smashum ToJgors ; erii tcith bottle, in hatte. ' TBKASUURIC: Whatever shall wo do? I know* the awful mistake we made in electing such a crew. SBVKRAL LADIES : " We will go and seo what ¡t's all about"-exeunt. . ? PRESIDENT : I pray yon do, and above all things let not tho report of suoli disreputable scenes get out of doors. MRS FnEBzmi : Yes! that's all very fine! but all this time there's been "a stranger in the gallery!" EVBIIYBODYI Where, Where? Mns TUBNUM s " A chid amongst us takin' notes !'' MRS BECHE LA MEU: Looking up-It's only a poor little devil. . Mus POSTUM KNOCKER : A Printer's devil ! ! ! Have mercy on us ! (Fulls ou her knees, clasps her hands, and faints.) [Some good natured Tabbies try to recover her, but fail ¡ she is removed amidst commotion, during which some ladies return, accompanied by sub- committee looking flushed, fierce, and panting. At length they present report.] PRESIDENT: I trust ladies you have recovered from your last severo atlaok. (Ladies toss their heads and look angrily at each other.) MRS BAGATELLE : I really fear no business can ever be done with this sub-committee. VOICES-" We'ro quito ready to retire from it." PRKSIDKNT : Cnn you not agree on the names sub- mitted to you, or have you. returned and approved of tho hundred upon tho list ? ' Mus SARACEN TODGBIIS : We'vo considered seventy. PRESIDENT : And passed them ? ¡ ' Mus Moan ES : No-not one I I Mus BAOATBLI.E! And never will with this com- mittee (sarcastically). MRSLIT.LT PÜTT: Wo And there is not "one but has some horrid speck, or stain, somo flaw, or naughty peg on which to hang objections. PRESIDENT : I fear these matrons' names have been unfairly dcult with, they shall bo re-submitted. (Voices of sub-committee-"It matters not, we all resign.") PRESIDENT: But your reason? Voices-" We have none," " we'll give none," " we resign ! ! ") Mus SARACEN TODOERS : Yes ! And tuke our seats omo moro amongst'this council- chooso other ladies, for I'ro had quito enough of it. [Gonoral.confabulation, all business at a stand still ; . President and Treasurer confer apart, look undecided and indignant. At which crisis enters BAILT : Ladies-" Wittles is up "-(flourishes napkin and retires.) PRESIDENT : Well, as wo have como to a dead look, we may as well rcoruit our exhausted spirits with a cup of tea! Exeunt Omnes. SCENE 3.-REFRESHMENT BOOM. TABBIES AT TBA nr GROUTS. . Scandalum Magnat um. MRS PILLI POTION : I'm first in timo for tea, that's lucky. - Jins BEcnn-LA-MBR : You've lost the finest fun I but first take somo ham and chicken, tho ham is good, tho chicken young, and tender ! MRS BABLET : (aside)-I wonder it's admitted boro then ! MR3 PILLI POTION : Well tell me what you've Alus BECHE-LA-JTBR : Oh ! seroral liavo boen torn to tatters, nnd scarcely ono admitted, but tiloso who would como willy-nilly ; next a hundred"virtuous matrons hud to be sortod from the common herd-but they must by thoso whoso reputations never know a stairr-not ono hat, but their husbands, father.*, mothers-all must' be immncuhite. Mus BARLEY : Koxt; finding at the first go off that all woro alko rejected, and that there wus none but had some blot, souls flaw " in esse or in posse," soma one proposed a sub-eointriitco to peer into tho past nud present of these hundred women. Mus PILLI POTION . Just heavens ! why that's past n joke. Mus BECitE-LA-MEtt : Also to enquire into what hus- bands hnro had protested bills, whut wires post-dated babies. ! ! Mus PILLI POTION: Tell mo the names of this Committee, you forget I was not here. Mus TotNUir mention »arness. Mus PILLI POTION: Well, that's very witty!-but they'll never have tho matchless impudence to do it, ' Mus TÜIINÜM: Yes, they will. Mus BAULEI : If they do, they'll ruo it. Mus PILLI 1'OTIO.V: I'm quito tired and faint with 'botheration. 1ST TADDY : Why what lins tired you so ? Mus PILLI POTION: Haifa dozon ladios have been with me, consulting on our dresses, for wo must nil of course have now ones ; things won't turu, and twist, and goro, and hist for ever !-Our bills, already formidable, wont bear distending, but now dresses we will havo, and tho question is where is tho money to come from ? 2ND TABBY : Oh borrow it from Kohn, ho's got plenty, -(a laugh). 3RD TAU UT: Oh, but that would bo at six por cent ! 1ST TADDY : What a dear man ! '2ND TABBY : Bear ! do you coll that dear ? why tho Inst time our friend, Mrs 'Jones, borrowed money on lier diamonds (anti, to decievo'hor husband) wore pasta in- stead, sho paid to my certain knowledge C4NT per cent.. Mus PILLI POTION : Why where was that P. 2ND TABBY, (looking at opposite table at Mrs Moshes) Why at our great friend's relations ! {Sensation.) ' MRS BARLEY : But you havo not told us your famous plan of "raising tho wind," yet ! SEVERAL LJADIES-" Tell us-do !'' 3RD TABBY: Well, I know how I intend to ,do. I hero arranged with Bu vid Jones. Ho is to send in my bill doubts that of tho usual quarter. On J Ito strength of tho Prince, my husband will readily pay THAT. The' rest to be kept soparnte and liquidated secretly by MB, from savings I shall make, in filching from my goad man's comfort, and other usual family expenses. (Murmurs of approbation, amidst which all riso, und re- turn to Council Chambers,' with tho exception of tho President and Treasurer.) TUEABT/UKU, (looking round) : Those gentle doves havo gono in to tear some moro dour, absout friends to pieces. PRESIDENT: I really feol ashamed to preside over such a rabillo rout! How ever could wo havo allowed' ourselves to bo joined by suoh a horrid sot ? TREASURER: Well, simply from tho "Fluke" flint they first thought of it, and nominated themselves, but ^t's " High life below Btairs" with a vengeance. PBBSIDKNT : lt must' always be thus wilora there is such a very thin japan of gentility as distinguishes our Committee. I wish tho ball had never been thought of! TREASURER : So do I-it will-it must collapse. PRESIDENT : Wo shall bo' covered with ridicule. TREASURER: Oh! I'll retiro-before lt comes to that! bo taken sick-have yellow favor-cholera-anything, and bo ordered to tho-Hills ! . PRESIDENT :-What and leave MB in tho lurch ? you know I waa Torced into this, us well ai you. Let ug loth withdraw, and join tho Parliamentary. TREASURER: Just wait a bit-they'll save us all that trouble. OüU tabbies will soon obaro tho fato ot those of Kilkenny! . PRESIDENT, (laughing) : You'tmughty, wiakod thing j wo'd batter go again and Coco it, if you aro ready. [President and.Treasurer adjourn to Oounoil Chamber ¡ ¡ groups of Tabbios disporso and toko their seats. 1st Tabby asks when tho Estimates will bo placed on tho table.) ' . ' TREABUHEB : Oh! our accounts are in a frightful muddle. - ... 1ST TAUUV (aside) : Call iii your door friond Betsy, elm would help you. 2N-D VABBV, (asido to 1st Tub.) : Sho stays, at homo, till hOr poor woo baby's christened. _ TREASURER . All I ask is that you don't blame wie» j for all and ouch of this Committoo have so m'ercileisly scattered to tho vrinds of Heaven tho legitimate sources of our revenue EJMre BOBEAS: That's very true; not ouo out of sovonty-flvo ejected ! Quito farcical ! . Mus TUKVUII: I hu va hoard that onoo upon a tinto there woro cloven thousand virgins at Cologne, we hivo fallon on very degenerate tintos, if wo can't find a hundred proper women. TREASURER continues.,; I think it right also to point out tho terrible liability "wo one and all ¡nour, if we reject each lady whoso name comes before us. - i PRÉSIDENT": Yes ! if wo don't mind, to« shall hare to pay the piper! Great disapprobation. x " TREASURER : Well! till these things ehape'bettcr, I will make no financial statement. VOICES : " Choose a MORE liberal JUÎ>.committee." (Sub-committee rise, and clare stoutly around) MRS SARACEN ToDOsns : Is this a vote of consure P . MRS LILLY PUTT : I'll resign. Mus MOSIIES and the rest : Yes, yos! wo all resign withdraw in toto! Thoy tender resignation haughtily. ' President receives it graciously j .they all march, ou majestically to a flourish of fans. A pause .. MRS LAMBKIN : Kow 1 really do think we shall get on more comfortably. MRS AGNEAU : I move that another sub-committee be appointed to re-consider the matters and that the mover form one. . Mus BARLKY: And I another. Mus BOREAS : No, re-model this one first. ALL in horror " Tho GENERAL Committee !" 1ST TADDY : Yes-also the. jui-committeo to reoeiro the Prince. . PRESIDENT : That's past discussion, it can't be done. (Great commotion, and cries of No! no! yes! yes ! " There's no precedent.") TitKAStTURit : Now it's no use-it can't bo done. Mrs ÜKCÍI R-LA-ltElt : Yes, yes, rescind, annul it-I'll tell you why it should bo done. Here are all the steam com. panics and ship owners, and the Commodore of the Itoyal Yacht Club, going to. send out a fleet of vessels to escort his Koynl lligncss in. (I seo you smile ladies but none from Bolton Row.) Then lim town is to bo brilliantly illuminated nnd decorated with our gayest flugs and banners; and will not our sportsman bring out their' thorough-breds-their best racers and not their' broken-kneed or spavined screwe ? and shall toe-the women of this glorious. new land, exhibit nono but our oldest, scraggiest, worst-bred 1 scrubbers ; instead of our loveliest, prettiest, best, like nil the others? I'll just give the boy a ball myself and i end this wretched bother, and what is moro,.will invite 1 erery pretty woman I cnn get to grace it." i [ Takes her teat amidst applause and laughter, much .righteous indignation, general uproar, and'cries of "Oh! this will never do." "It's quite irregular." " Unparliamentary. Very." > "Adjourn! Adjourn !' VIVAT RB O IN AX 