A VOICE FBOM THE OCEAN; Bang ike rubstance of an Address delivered in the GwaUa Church on Sabbath-dag, the 9th of April, by the Minister. More than a vearaeo, a light one-horse vehicle was driven tomy door by the owner— a middle-sized, lignt-buut man, with a pleasing countenance, quick intelligent eye, and greyish hair— indicating more than middle age. Beside him sat a young woman, with dark complexion, well fonnedfesteres, and raven locks, whom be was conveying to her friends. Both tnveuets appeared to enjoy good health and spirits. Had any one present been asked, 'Are not these two persons likely to live long? and do you not tftinir that this young woman will long outlive tbat gentle man?' both questions would have been, replied to by a prompt unhesitating affirmative, Alas I how short- sighted we are 1 how little do we know of death's moments : how little of the future and of God's plans! for, neither the young woman nor that stirring mau is alive to-day ; both nave been summoned into eternity In God's order— tbe I first last, and the last first. ' Nothing is more certain, and yet nothing is more nn- . oertainTtfian death,— certain to occur, uncertain as to \ when it will occur; whenever it takes place, whether with ? the young, the middle- aged, or the old, it starUes us; the , 'eventuSBOsolemnthBtthepanicisseverejsouniversaland ? perpetual that ft is everywhere felt. Even where death : becomes a couunonplace and beqnentoocurre&ce-; «sinan 1 hospital oaabatUefi^ arm a plago&trtrickeii; city, it is regarded as a woful calamity; and while there nave been some who have affected not to dread the atroke, yet have they quailed when the tyrant signalled bis approach. To look upon a lifeless body is (or at least should be) to team a lesson of humility ; whether it be on the sylph like form of some chaste beauty, who in her tears bowed to the advances of the iMinimrtng and deceptive consumer, and gave up the ghost— the rifled temple, marble-like aad beautiful even in death; or gaze upon the loved &ce; of a fond father, who. after a toilsome, wdf-denyiog, lifelong and successful straggle for indepfndftiw, has departed amid the love and luxuries of a real home, tewing his family in fiff'**'*', the house still echoing the sobs and eighs of the almost broken-hearted widow and her father less children; or view the body of some homeless, friend less outcast from society, whose mangled remains tell of a suicide's end— lying as they do in the gloom and wretched ness of some dead- boase, uspitied ana unknown. Death is ever a token of wrath, no matter to whom or wimIpt what orcumstances it takes place— whether it be tbat of a poor manor of a nobleman-of a saint or a sinner —whether suffered peacefully on a couch in the homestead, or tragically by the hand of another on the roadside. Ho sin. no death; but sin was ; it provoked God's wrath, sod called forth from Divine Justice the sentence—' The soul that sinneth. it BhaU die.' liven in the death of Christ, the wrath of God was experienced- vicariously, yet truly and awfully, on the behalf or sinners; the agonizing and dying utterances of Jesus prove the description of its pangs in His case. We but taste what lie drank to the foegs when we die here. O! may we never taste the bitter pains of everlasting death! Death naturally and invariably produces sorrow, except where the feelings have been blunted to insensibility by stoicism, or destroyed by crime. At the death of anyone, be he European or African, known or unknown, pauper or prince, we feel a- painful pang; bat oar attention is demanded today to the consideration of a more than ordinary bereavement in the death by drowning of five individuals, including good George Shenton. In him we mourn not the loss of a friend or a relative merely; we rather sorrow for a public benefactor-one who possessed a combination of excellencies, occupied various important positions creditably, and who endeared himself to thou- sands by his many virtues and charities. We mourn for a father with the afflicted family we would weep with an affected sorrow. Only those who have been placed in similar circumstances can feel the truest, deepest sympathy for the widow and orphans, yet few are they who cannot vividly picture to themselves the effect of death as it occurs to the head and prop of a family in a moment, re- membering, at the same time, that no mere affluence can half fill the chasm made by each a bereavement. As a husband, I have had frequent opportunity of wit- nessing his conduct, and sincerely do I believe that a woman never had a kinder, better, or more devoted husband than he was ; tracing the word to its origin, we find the true position occupied by the deceased, namely, 'the band of the household'— it has been unexpectedly broken. May the household hereafter continue bound together by the indestructible girdle of Christian affection ! each member recognizing Christ as Husband, Father, and Head. The lamented deceased was a true friend— marking the Divine exposition of such a character— ' A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born lor adversity.' It had a full exemplification in George Shenton. Many a man, when starting in life, or when cicumstances became adverse, sought his counsel and received his aid, not merely in the form of inexpressive advice, but as well in the more tangible form of money or goods ; and there are not a few who have gained a comfortable position in this colony, through pecuniary assistance' first afforded by the deceased, who are grateful enough now readily to acknow- ledge his timely benefactions. As a citizen of Perth, and one of the firet colonists, he was a credit to the city, and one of the sinews of the colony; his enterprise gave employment to hundreds, and circulated money in thousands throughout it. Any public meeting for the promotion of the interests in any form, either of the city or of the colony, would have been incom- plete without him, and more than, one Governor of Western Australia has honored him by private consulta- tion when some important scheme was in contemplation for the country's welfare, requiring more than ordinary judgment and experience. Mr. Shenton was also a generous man. Truly a lover of hospitality has been called away. Never shall I forget the first time when-over two years ago— about 6 o'clock on Sabbath-morning, I saw his pleasing, intelligent face, received his welcome to Western Australia, and enjoyed, with my family, the comforts of his marine residence. Far as I was thus removed from my connexions and friends in the old country, I felt a pleasing sense of homeli- ness under Mr. Shenton's roof, and my family, as though the tedium of the voyage was at once obliterated by his kindness. Ever since I have been, at intervals, his guest, and always enjoyed the intercourse I was favored with in his family circle ; thus, also, have I been favorably placed for judging the character of the deceased; occasionally it became accessary for me to apeak to Mr. Shenton upon matters that required aa honest difference of opinion, and yet, I must testify that I have never witnessed the least irritability or impatience at what may have been reproof- ful ; on the contrary, have perceived a ready disposition to correct whatever he deemed faulty or remiss ; thus manifesting such nobility of character as only a great man could exhibit. There are few, indeed, who do not know that Mr. Shen- ton was, by religious profession a Wesleyan Methodist ;— this form of Christianity he deliberately and intelligently espoused fully 30 years ago, and ever since he has striven in many ways to promote the interests of true religion in connection with that body . He was a class leader, a local preacher, and a steward of the society in Perth for many years before and up to the day of his death. To the cause of God, generally, Mr. Shenton manifested much libe- rality—in fact, as to its full extent, known only to himself; while his generosity was quite palpable to others; and it must be added, to his praise, that his uncommon pros- perity in worldly matters, including, as it did, considerable social elevation, never led him to be ashamed to confess- himself a Methodist, (as some weak-minded persons have been), but rather did he use his position and influence for the advancement of the cause in this colony ; thus develop- ing another noticeable and noble trait of character, viz., fidelity to the interests of the church of his choice, with charity towards all other branches of the Church of Christ. Some of his last gifts to the Wesleyan Methodist connec- tion are worthy of mention, namely- that of the church in which we are assembled, and a guarantee for £1,000 towards the erection of a new Wesleyan Chapel in Perth, given only a month or so before his death. These contri- butions at least testify his appreciation of that form of christianity with which he was so long and so publicly identified, and whose principles and working no man in the colony knew better than did the deceased. Bat he is gone! As we consider how mysteriously and suddenly he was called away, with Cowyer we exclaim, ** Deep in itwfiitf'-fnfl^-- mines Of never-tailing still, God treasures up bis bright designs. And works Bis sovereign will.' We have not said a tithe of what is In oar heart to say on this event; we merely give yon. as we felt bound to do at ottce, 'a rode outline ot thought, to be filled up as the entire facts, so foil of melancholy interest, come tohand. May we bow in BubmiBBion and hnmintY before tbat God who in wisdom and goodness thus unexpectedly came for the spirit of our dear brother and friend, who came, not by fire, nor with the stiU small voice— as whispered in the death-chamber under the root-tree ; bat who came opon the wings of the wind, and, saving him the pain of a lingering illness, bore away his spirit into the eternal world. O God! 'Thy way 1» in the sea, and Thy path in the great waters, and rhy footsteps are not known I' May God support the widow and her children as they grieve under this sore trial, enabling them to roll their burden anon Him, a&d; folly to acquiesce in the wisdom that hasguided the blow. May He sanctify it to them and tit n«. who to-dav mourn with them: *—-*''» us all to 'prepare to meet oar God' with Joy, at whatever time and in whatever way he is pleased to appoint ; and if it ahouia ever bethe tot ofonycfns to bear the Master say, as he did to our beloved aad lamented friend, .'Behold I come quickly,' may we be enabled, through Divine grace, to reply — as we fully believe our dear friend did— Amen, even so; come, Iiord Jesus: Curious Coikcu- ksce. — The London Mbndag Star of January 1 contains die following advertise ment :— ** Crystal Palace School of Art, Science, and Literature. — Christmas Holidays. A Coarse of Six Popular and Scientific Lectures, illustrated by a variety of experiments, will be delivered in the Tropical Department every Tuesday and Friday, at 3 o'clock, commencing January I, 1867, by the Bev. H. M. Hart. M.A. Lecture 1.— Fire.— What causes it ? How it is extinguished. Admission to each lecture 6d, or for tLe whole coarse, 2s. 6d.' It also arniouBcetl ia the same issue the detraction by fire of tbe Tropical Department, which began in the le.ture theatre. 