: CASE, . _. M^srt tgjj^l ^ iSylvester "OaSiiilivan .v. BI^ Martin. : ij |J' - .. ".' L r.jv. _ .liuraafleyy I , €bruaty'7. ..'!. (B^oreG S.La^,E8q., Sole.Afbitrator.) _ This case, which ha* been partially heard twice inMelbourne andonoein Hay; was resumed this morning.' Mr. Thomas Robertson appeared on behalf of the plaintiffs,, and ' Mr. Wilberforce Stephen, barrister,iustructed by Mr. England, of MallesonandEngland, Melbourne, for the defendants.: The only witness called this day was Alexander Humphrey M^Donald^hbse evidence was the last intbeoase. A discussion then arose as to the manner in whichthe arguments should be conducted, and the Arbitrator decided that the principals should be heard as mochas they liked in explanation, so as to arrive at the trath independent of legal forms. If he saw a weak point he should call on the other side for an explanation. Mri Robertson quoted from Russell to show that it was the duty of an Arbitrator to be bound as to as possible to conduct a case according to the rnies iof the superior courts. Mri Stephens had to sum up the evidence, and he (Mr. Robertson) had to reply, but if Mr. Stephen wished to have the advantage of hearing him reply, and then make a rejoinder, he (Mr. Robertson) contended it m>uld be unfair. His friends had misconceived their case, and it was not for him to set them right. After some further discussion, Mr Stephen commenced his address to the Arbitrator—he said : I am obliged to my learned friend for his courtesy, bnt as far as I am at present advised, I feel con- ^ftdentthatl do understand the case, and the.reaattn why my learned friend has left his-casein the dark 'is, because he has no case to bring forward. It wasopened by him'in a singularly bald way. If counsel does not open a<case fully and fairly, you' may often discover from his line of argument ahd:£h£ manner he iexamines his witnesses what is thenature of his case. The only note I took wheti'iny learned friend opened his case was, that "•'an umpire to do justice could override legal righto/' which is at variance with what he states to-day. Ihegeneral idea is that counsel are bohft^to open their case so as to let the other sideknow what it is, and it is not considered fair to bring forward in reply auy statements not alludfedto in the opening. I was more full in opening my case. This is a case in which the Messrs.)'O'Sullivan are the plaintiffs, and my clients-tile defendants. Th^suit arises upon the 6th aiection of the New South Wales Crown Lands Oeoaj&tion; Act (section read). Who is the claimant here ? Mr. .Daniel O'Sullivan. The eff^ttf the enquiry will be I hope to establish difhcto^the right of my\clients to the lease of their i^ins.: We are brought here Upon a questionofconveyance and title. The real question is thisfi—Mr. O'Sullivan wants a lease of these runs. There was an action at law tried between these gentlemen in which this identical question arose, and the jury found every issue of fact in favor of ihy clients. . On a motion made by the plaintiffs for a new trial* the Supreme Court took the view that the Messrs. Curr did not sufficiently protest against the erection of that fence, and ought, therefore; to give up the land within the fence,- and forced the parties into a sort of -mutual arrangement so that theft should be no new trial if this land was given up. That was adhered to on both sides, and iuy clients have honorably carried out the agreement, whilst the plaintiffs I am sorry to say have dishonorably evaded it. My client?, or rather Messrs. Koruhardt, applied to the Government for the lease of tbeir runs, and distinctly explained that they did not claim so much as they conceived they- were entitled to, as they considered themselves bound by the agreement they had entered into before theSuprenie Court. My clients honorably and honestly kept to the agreement, ted did not claim that piece of laud they consented'to give up—they boWed to the decision.pf the Court,' and bowed to the voluntary compact they had entered into with the Messrs. O'Sullivan.- '.The O'-Sullivans were in the position of persons coming'to complete their title; they had a sort of agreement with the G&veroment; for lease^' Wd thb action is of the nature of a speci- •Scpmoftfiatice ofthe agreement. We object to itasa dishonorable violation of the agreement •oome'to bythemselvesin banco.. I hardly understand'how we are here at all. You have violatedthe agreement, and I do not understand Hrt^vthe 1 Government did not isay to the O'Sulli- >tesr^-*'this matter has been determined by a le- -gd-tribunal and we cannot interfere." For some ? reis<iir6r fother the Government were not satis- -fiedtind they had allowed the thing to be tried ^overlagain. The Executive had done what the •Shtotfemfe'Cburt refuBed to do, namely, grant a new jtri^j and he hoped the result would be to give Mr.iDaiiielO'Sullivan less than he got at the 'Court iiTSydney. A new trial having been got betrustedMr. O'Sullivan would not only have to piy tht coists, but get less than he might have gOfr u hie had honorably adheredto the agreement. The reaison my clients are here iR not very clear. The'jnaturfe of, the enquiry is, what are the bohi^iries i>f tiie O'Suuivans runs, and I will ' profeed to give what assistance l can to the deterintn^bn ' of that question according to the • priiiffciplefof law. I have noargument whatever " to ahsWer, and nomeanSof anticipating what my 'leaniedlfriend may say upon the subject. The ' otl^^die'had attempted to import confusion in- ^ thfe ciatej-but you will -find' that although we Italia jgfeat-number*>f descriptions put in, the Vfhltte que8tionis ; f What tare the boundaries ? The 1 0'Siflnvins had applKd for leases of Wooyeo' ' Naradnun, andBimbalingel. If there \- Is'Ohe^flimjif more clearthan. another it is that -^beNfd^l'not-putforward any evidence except as ftb we tert of Bimbalingel.. There may be some : 'poiSbti'iof territory there,-which is still no man's ' u^l, bfttthat is foreign to the investigation here, : 'ifbtf'any!Wad of tfiat' Character is Crown land. T^fHqti^stiOb is what lands are the O'Sullivans T «|ti$^teaiea8eof, and what are the bound- r? jl 'JPhe AjbitraWris settling the parcels in ' ''i^leasfe.^.' V oh :' \The map answers that—the [ bine show what we claim. % aehY Juthe map as put in the whole iUpnted territory is she wn including Bimly down the issues to 3 t'lfaielKnnidaries of. Bimbalingel; when feidet$nnmed everything-else will-'follow maindii lisputed territories o piece of ground • which involves (jnptSn^f^TC : honndkri^: betWeen Bimba- _ id'UUmbi^, and bn tte other side the 5t&f; Ss'aa'to tUe line between Cantarlo number | ' ^ ^d Bit^wfigeli : : Thetriangular piece is the * DDW Md'sodth linie^OTdtlieyalsb contend that ^^B^flp^So^d^^tettdea ^iidefinitely to the " r 8eMK4rBPdft^'wtoidia line north and °' aotfth ^ngijitk, they would cut off a portion of " il Dp,bW" Tne s first qnestionTibout the- triangular '"pwce ^g- what is ^hfe !boundaiy of Bimbalingel. fe^ere'^ ahit of vaeant sround at the back of ; Tn'tbe- orimnal«laimthe plaintiffs athht Bsdd HSlls towards that. They hefe on tbe strenrth bf =their title, £ 'ior iwtov* r 'g6ta tontract with the Crown for i'f&i;^wia mustdiow «hat it is. As to Bob's '<jjaiqp[«idi£e sheep atation they cl«m that as a part <» Bimbriingel. 11 say then that the case is " "S&^W^or a" 7 Specific -performance of a contract to lease Bimbalingel. It is fcdmittedihat there is a -i-^jstirfEz: "My idea was whenlfirgtentereS the njjdden' temnnafipji ^ojXim SuTli^'s exis the ap» . ^ oecnpy heihi tooklQreih upiuid named the lands, and if he was first to take them up he himself determined the, boundaries. This was the case with Ulambong. .When the question .arose between Lewis and Campbell^ the only evidence was as to occupation. We have learnt in this case, that when a station became forfeited like Ulambong and Bimbalingel, the Government advertised it by certain boundaries, The Government say, "here's a station, not new land, already occupied as a station;—it is forfeited—it has such and such boundaries," and then they call for tenders; a tender is accepted, and now we have the elements of a written contract in a lease for a certain piece of land. That being so we have to consider the written description in the tender, and what the boundaries of Bimbalingel are. It is. absolutely necessary to go into evidence in order tp show . what was the country of which the written descriptien speaks. Lord Ellenhorough, in the celebrated case of Stokes'' farm laid it down "that the question of parcels is always a question of fact for the jury," which is common sense indeed. You must then give evidence of the occupation of j the land, or if a lease is given as we had, you I must apply the written description to the ground, j It very seldom happens that these descriptions ! are consistent in themselves. In the case of : Stokes' farm the land was described by certain | boundaries, but these words were added—" in the occupation of the tenant. It was held that was a falsa demonstration It sometimes happens that the boundaries described in a lease will not tally with the exact quantity, and that is often attempted to be got rid of by the insertion of the words "more or less." But that only goesto a certain extent. But where there is a case for specific performance, or a case of trespass, or of damages for non-performance, or an action for a short quantity, the question of parcels is a question for the juiy as Lord Ellenborough says. But the jury are to hear evidence about the. boundaries and where the lines run, and the jury must determine upon these matters as a question of fact, as distinct from a question of law. Upon these principles I propose to consider the question of the parcels of Bimbalingel. We have this peculiarity about these runs, that they were all taken up at a verv early period. Bimbalingel was taken up by Cable, and Ulambong by Pye, but they ultimately came into possesion of Tim Sullivan, as to whom it is immaterial what the boundaries are. We have all these stations in the hands of one percon. The Messrs. Oakes tendered for both, and that is a circumstance not to be lost sight of in considering what are the boundaries of Ulambong and Bimbalingel. Supposing that Francis Oakes immediately applied for hi? lease, he might have taken his boundary where he pleased, the north or south line, or he might have taken the ridge. The only jquestion would have been the outside boundaries of the two runs. The Government would not have troubled themselves to have enquired into the matter anxiously. If he once got his lease he would have been his own arbitrator. Supposing Oakes had sold one of his runs to one person and another to another as he did,, and one fell into the hands of Air. O'Sullivan, and the other continued with Oakes, still I presume the Government would have had regard to any arrangement come.to between O'Sullivan and Oakes as to their boundaries. If the stations had passed into different hands, one to A, and one to B, and they took the'line in a particular direction, the Government would have held them to that, and issued leases according to their agreement. The Messrs. Oakes took up both stations by tender, and immediately obtained the whole of the stations which they were licensed to, hold, Cudgelligo, Uabba, and Bald Hilils, but there was a time during which they only held the tenure of one. They then transferred them to Bagct, and the two followed one another in occupation, Both employed the same superintendent during the time they held these runs, and we have in the hands of Mr. M'Donald the whole of these stations. The first intervention of any stranger was by Mr. O'riullivan by the purchase of Bimbalingel and Cudgelligo. Prior to Tim. Sullivau's execution or the stations being in his hands, we had connected the stations because the Oakes had Cudgelligo as well as Uabba. The back country, Bob's Camp, and the sheep station lay between Cudgelligo, Oakes' station, and it would, independently of the evidence «e have on the subject, be occupied by him whether he had a right to do it or not. It is immaterial whether he had a right to occupy it or not, as against the Crown, or by permission of the Crown, Crown lands were not guaranteed to anybody, but inasmuch as be he had a station above and below, he would naturally have occupied with his cattle all the land above Bob's Camp and the sheep station, unless there was somebody to prevent him. You asked Mr. M'Donald whether the cattle ran upon those portions, or if he considered he had a license to use them, aud he said he could not say. I think it likely he had never troubled himself about it, but if there had been a neighbor to interfere it would have been different. It seems to me highly improbable he did, as there is no evidence to the contrary, and it is probable from the evidence of our witnesses that they did occupy it. If Bimbaligel would have intercepted Uabba, is it not incredible that the owner of Bimbalingel should not: have interfered with the use of that country. He must bean "habitual user," as Chief Justice A'Beckett aays, and you mu«t show it was used to negative any evidence of abandonment. The evidence given by Al'Donald is, that if it formed a part of Bimbalingel it was clearly abandoned. Taking into account the evidence we have concerning the boundaries, as a matter of fact, the jury must conclude that this back country was never any part of Bimbalingel; and the Arbitrator is the jury and judge in this case. I feel it is so very clear that this portion of the country back of the Urals formed no part of Bimbalingel that I shall not take up your time by arguing it, for it is clear that it was never supposed to be so by anybody. We have gone into evidence how the stations were occupied and how the boundaries were treated. But I will first of all advert shortlv to the description of Bimbalingel in the tender. I have always attempted to make Bimbalingel the cardinal point of my argument. This was the Oakes' tender. I do not refer to Lees' applica- tion, but to Oakes'. (Tender read.) Thei% was a regulation that runs tendered for should be described by geographical features as boundaries, and they give a description of the land. by.reference to its;geographical features. (Portion, of tender read.) The estimated grazing area is quoted at 640 cattle, and the area 17,000 acres. Then we have-Bouchem's description of the run somewhat afterwards—in 1862 (description read). That acreage cannot be rejected—it is a matter of very great importance, because we had it laid down that runs are not to exceed a certain amount of acres. According to the statement of the plaintiff it would be 60,000 or 70,000 acres three or four times the amount of the acreage tendered for, and to which they were limited by the regulations. That, however, is immaterial with reference to the fourth boundary. The evidence of Bouchem was particularly conclusive on the subject, and M'Donald no less established that the back ranges must be the first you come to back from the river. We also find incidentally by the tender of Uabba thatthe Ural mountains goby no name, and whatever ranges were spoken of east of the line were also spoken of west of it, and vice versa. If the line of fence was extended due south till it got to some back ranges it 'would never stop. As a matter of fact for the jury, it seems to me a clear conclusion that the back ranges which correspond with the estimated area are the Urals. Moreover, we had this evidence as to the boundary line—that where Fox had occupied as to the ranges it was begun. by the plaintiffs. : Mr. Robertson: A letter was addressed to me and the other attorney by the Umpire upon this -boundary, as to whether there .was an agreement &boutit; \- Mr:'Stephen:-It is appoint for you to argue ttat this evidence must be rejected altogether. Mr. Robertson: I felt my-case '"Would not be safe unless I had given .the best evidence on that point. i Mr. Stephen: It is avowedly a tender f«r ah old run. ' Up to the time the run was forfeited the boundaries' would depend upon the cattle occupation, and, not upon written documents. Everybody agreed in that state of things till it was recognised by the Government. Applications for tenders are at the least veiry slight evidence against the persons making them. It is exceedingly difficult to give a description of old runs correctly, and in this case we have the instance of an area, if you read the descriptions of Bimbalingel and Ulambong, where the error'is gross and obvious. It is clear wherever you introduce the points of the compass that it is done without accuracy. A surveyor gave our description. It is the case in descriptions of parcels of land, that whenever you venture to describe land by compass you run the risk of inaccuracy. The general idea of everybody was that the river ran east and west, and when they talked of north and south they meant, not the north line, but a line perpendicular to Uabba. Bouchem simply walked down the river, and fixed upon some point on the banks of the river, and told his men to run the line down at right angles to the river. The real idea intended to.be expressed bv north and south was a line at right angles to the river, but it was not pretended to be accurate. These lines were given before 1850 for the practical use of the squatters, to enable them to know where to depasture their cattle. It was not intended for bushmen to feed their cattle by the points of the,, compass. The words north and south were quoted, and meant that they should give the line perpendicular to the river, otherwise they would be inconsistent with the previous occupation of the country altogether. It HistinctJjTAppears. from collation of the^evidence on both sides, that whoever swears that these stations were occupied by a boundary line according to the present fence, swears willfully, I think, to that which he knows is not the truth, because the evidence on our side is unanswerable, whilst the evidence on the other is confused and sometimes absurd. Both these runs were taken up by Oakes,'and were taken lip as old runs, were held by them as old runs, and sold by them as old runs, and it is impossible for us to shut our eyes to the previous descriptions and occupation. Whatever they meant by virtue of the descriptions, it, was not intended to alter the prev ous boundaries but it was intended to describe the runs which were occupied as Bimbalingel and Uabba. The only difficulty is, what the words north and south are. That is a difficulty we cannot get over, as to whether we must .take south as meaning to run due south by the compass or southerly. It has been suggested that the compass varies every year, which is a veiy good logical argument. It is not a practical usable line; moreover, it cannot run south to the back ranges, if it does, it proves the Urals are the back ranges. Mr. Robertton : The expression is—" South to the ranges." Mr. Stephen : Well, when the same document talks of the back ranges and the ranges it means the same thing. Then we must look at the tender for Ulambong put in by the same man. It say6, amongst other things, " bounded on the east by the line south six miles commencing at the Lachlan River." The Oakes' tender, on the 1st March, 1854—they send in two tenders, one for Bimbalingel and one for Ulambong, aud they must both be read together, as they necessarily had a hearing on one another. The description of Ulambong says " bounded on the east by a line six miles, &c.;" It also speaks of Bimbalingel—that run must mean the run known as Bimbaligal, and it specifies the marked trees (description read). In reference to Ulambong claim, according to the v ews of the other side, there was a plain shared between them, but that would be inc uvenient because the fence . line divides the claim. The range line gives Ulambong the whole plain, but now there is a fence there is no difficult}', but before the fence was put up they had not not even a plough furrow .though the plain. The fence runs through the plain. The point I ask is this, particularly in considering what they are entitled to—given a written document, there are two which must be looked at, and if they are looked at, it will be clear that, in in speaking of the south line, it did not affect special accuracy, but they used it because the parties were under 12 misapprehension as to where the river ran. They meant the old dividing-line between the two stations running perpendicularly to the river. If the evidence shews there was such a line, a common boundary-line 'between the two runs, 110 lawyer would have a difficulty in applying the two descriptions to that line, rejecting the word south in its strict 6ense, and not using it in any professional sense. As to the starting- point of this line, it is to start half-amile east of the hut, but I cannot see how that is shown by the evidence. The line is fixed by the evidence, not so much by the hut as the Rocky Point, but the evidence is that it was the starting-poiut of this dividing-line. That was a natural point, that was the point whether there was a marked tree there or not, but Bouchem was quite certain that was the point, and it was bis practice in these cases to mark it. Possibly the tree is gone—the boundary fixed by the marked tree, but the boundary is not altered if the tree is burnt. Mr. Robertson: I allowed evidence to be given' as to the starting-point of this particular line, because it was possible that both sides might have laid it down wrongly, but if my learned friend conceives it is correctly laid down, there is nothing more to be considered upon the subject. If he conceives our fenced line is the line we have indicated, there is nothing more to be considered. I say that, taking this map as correct—if I spoke all night I could say no more—as to the rest, that is admitted by them already. Mr. Stephen : Their case is good by the written documeut, and to do what tbey say, they must get a starting-point. There is no evidence the starting-point is a half-mile or a mile east of the hut. The Arbitrator: The remains of the hut are quite distinct now. Mr. Stephen: But there is no evidence to show that that is the hut spoken of in 1854. The Arbitrator: Yes, there is no mistake about that. Mr. Stephen: I cannot se£ any^ evidence of it, and as to the fact of the hut being there, it is probable there may have -been some other hut. If so, that would be more than half-a- mile from the Rocky Point. I say it is incredible on the evidence that the starting-paint is any other tha,n the Rocky Gully. The h ut spoken of could not be the hut there—the hut is not identified. There is some evidence of the hut having been removed, and certainly the yard. If the yard was removed • probably the hut was removed. There was only a man in charge in Ulamboug; it was not occupied till a considerable time afterwards. It was a moveable hut, and I cannot reconcile it with the evidence that that is the hut. The Arbitrator: There is the remains to be seen. Mr. Stephen : We have evidence it was removen. The Arbitrator: This is the place it was moved to. Mr. Stephen: That is not the hut this description speaks of. There is no evidence that it is, and the direct evidence. as "to what point was fixed upon proves to me that if there was a but at all, if you believe the evidence'of.the witnesses,, and especially that of "Mr. Beckham, that the boundary point was the Rocky Gully, then there must have been a hut half-a-nrile from the Rocky Golly. The witnesses-cannot have been speaking of the only hut we see now. Even if that is the" hut, still I ;re8t upon this—it was die same station. It was the intention of Oakes to make two applications, and he. intended to. apply lor stations he: .held before. - The .whole of . the .others description might be rejected.' Supposing that he amply applied for the leagps qjf Bimbalingel and Ulambong. the, evidence shews clearly what they are not. If the evidenfee is Clear that the only hut was a mile and a-half from the point I have referred to, it must be rejected asa falsa demonstratio.: The real point was, what did Beckham point.out, and what was the point he gave them to start from, that is, supposing he was dealing with the application of Oakes at the time. But - if they parted with them, that was an acquiescence on their part, they acted upon the fundamental idea that it was always held and occupied, and that nobody would interfere with them (extract read from : page 562 of Broom's Maxims). There is another maxim, "that latent ambiguity may be corrected by parole evidence." In the case of a bill for exchange for £300 which was written in the body of the document, whilst the figures were £350, the evidence offered to prove it should have been written £350 was rejected, because that was a patent ambiguity on the face of it There is ho ambiguity here, and you may go into evidence to prove a latent ambiguity, aud what the real meaning was. (Mr. Stephen referred to some wellkuown case in which evidence had been allowed to be given to correct any ambiguityjwhere the instrument- was one which must-be in writing, and this was done upon both principle$.) The real fact is, that Oakes tendered for both stations, and by description, which we now find to be erroneous in some particulars. We'may give evidence to amend it. This description when the runs fell into'the hands of different owners, had the same contraction put upon it. The Arbitrator: Supposing one of the runs was piit up for tender with a distinct description, and one man inMelbourne tenderedifor Ulambong, and one in Sydney for Bimbalingel, would the man who.tenderettfpr Bimbalingel, have a contract with the GoYeffrmerft to gtye ife? bad tenderecTfor. .' ' " *" ' Mr. Stepheh: It would be a very difficult case. ' Mr. Robn-tson : We have it in evidence that when the duns were forfeited, and fell, into the hands of the Crown, they Vtel^ €row»4ands. Mr. Stephen: That; waf iorily jt^-'JComnijssioner's view of the law^jaU&ttjisai; he never h'ad a case of the^raP^^pRiere was case of. Green and Hay,; ml^wwqrfa, where Bucketty Island, situated between two rnhs, was in dispute. This island was twenty square miles in size, and was valuable as a small run, being bounded by tbe Wanko Creek. That case was settled by one of the parties getting the island,- and the other had compensation allowed itim/ and practically your case would have- been settled in a similar way, which might partly depend upon accident. But here, where both runs are put up in the Gazette the same day, the two must be looked at as forming one contract. This beiug for specific performance, if either of the tenderers had filed a bill, he could have compelled the Government to execute a lease to him. If the two were inconsistent'contracts, the one who entered into it, would probably have to pay damages. That is got rid of here, since the same' person tendered for both on the same day, and had no intention of making a different division; and then, again, that was acted upon. I will merely point out the evidence, and make a- few observations upon it on that point. I think it will be found the witnesses examined by the plaintiff tp prove the ancient boundaries of- the. two runs, are exceedingly doubtful, and confused, and almost absurd in their evidence. I will comment upon Stammer's evidence. He says he knows Ulambong, and had seen cattle there in the latter part of 1841. I think he was hardly aware what he was talking about, as to the admission he made when giving evidence at Sydney. He does venture, to say the cattle were driven off by Bouchem',' who formed the station. He says the cattle rati-iiip to the ridge, and some on it: it was the dividing range—his cattle were interfered with. »nd he wrote to Bouchem, who told him he could not take the ridge, bccause there would be no back outlet for the Bimbalingel cattle. The letter he sent has been destroyed. This boundary would be, he says, half-a-mile beyond the hut. I wrote about the la wej boundary which Oakes encroached upon. , In -cross-examination I asked him how often he had been down there, and he said ten or eleven times, and that he stopped there five or six weeks. He said the license for the run was taken out first in Pye's name, and that a man named Scott was in charge.of the place. He says I had the station seven years in my name. How. could he, when be only went there in- 1844, and it had got into Tim. Sullivau's name in 1846, so that his eleven years there was a dream. He says he was much in contact with Bouchem. The only thing he gives us is his recollection of this letter, which is at variance with Bouchem's evidence. Cable, Smith, Greenfell, and Thomas Fox were examined about the boundaries. I will begin with Cable—he says that Pye owned Ulambong, and.that his cattle grazed lower down the river— the ridge was between the plain where he - first put his cattle, and Pye, he says, never objected: he did not know bow far Ulambong goes back. He says, I allowed them to go back fourteen miles. Bouchem says he is positive that their cattle were there six months. Cable was confronted with Boucham, who had the best of it. Cable is m direct conflict as to what little he does say with Bouchem and other witnesses. Smith is tne next witness. He says, I was in Cable's employment twenty-three years ago, and refers to Thomas Biidd, who cannot know much about it if M'Donald is to be believed. Smith says Budd shewed me 'the boundaries. I* fed. on both sides of the ridge. I know Ulamboug Plain, -and-fed close to it. I have seen the fence, but have not fed cattle so low down as that. Trees were marked by the Commissioner going along Ulambong Plain, on theedge of.it. In cross-examinatiou he says— I have watered cattle at the water-hole; our water-hole was two miles up the-river; the crawling cattle fed towards Ulambong hnt; my master gave that order. Tbat looks very suspicious, as if he had taken a liberty with the Ulambong run. He does not allude to any distinct assertion of right. I may make a present of those two witnesses to my learned friend, for they say nothing about the matter. Greenfell says—Iwas.a.stockman to Simmons for two years. .Tim Sullivan owned Ulambong then; the marked tree was. a quarter of a-mile from the river, and half-a-mile from the Ulambpng old hut. It seems to me he is speaking of some different hut from th$- one now there. .If yoi*go through the evidence ofthese witnesses, you will find a contrast between their evidence, that of Budd,. M'Cartby, Owens, and M'Donald. Hie one stands out clear and distinct, concerning facts they ought to remember, whilst tbe'others on the opposite side prove little or' nothing, or nothing of any value, when confronted with the other witnesses. Greenfell sayB— I occupied to the ridge.f the cattle were allowed to remain on the spot next to UlambQng, and cows also. Tim Sullivan owned the bade ranges, the spur of. the. Ural Mountains; we mastered cattle for this place' lower down, the Ulambong yard: That is in opposition to M'Donald's statement; Greenfell then eoes on to say—I never" saw Tim Sullivan; the only person who pointed Out the tree to me was Hyland, and he admits that he did not occupy the ridge, and the tree Hyland shewed hup, which was -fifty or one hundred yards below the present fence. If that be so, they have not taken it far enough. Greenfell says—Hjrland shewed it to me twelve years ago; that was in answer , to a question, from my learned friend. I habitually kept my cattle on the east ridge; the boundaries depend uponhabitual use— .and he adds: Xshould not' have considered my cattle - encroaching if they went haif-a-h≤ oh the Ulambong side. We have Dignam next, a stock- Wan to the 0'3nllivans in 1854,/when McDonald .was superintendent. ; He isdiBtinctly contradicted by M'Donald, who is, I : tiiink,- to be believed : against him. &s; makes an "admission iu our favour about Oakes* camp. He was asked a-qnestion about the locality .without any - naine betng : mentioned,- andhe.gaVe.the'aiiswer, that'it waa| known as .Oakes'XDamp ody^fcftm'wlm&'timethe ' other sidehave#ruggled'toprove thatxtderived its name from some oak trees m tfteneighbbrhoOcLi' Why there wereHone tliere: We havethe whole history of it, about the cattle bemg M'a tbflnder storm, rand being, found; by young Qakes^—tha place or camp was. named .after- hup< , ^Dianam says—In my. time there were some :,o As there. He says cdrant these treea—I never saw amarked tree whilst I was. on the station. . He joys the same as M'Donald aays. The question rests cn* tirelv upon Daniel O'Sullivim's evidence. Tire whole question is whether he did not mark them himself; I think the conclusion is irredstible that Mr. O'Sullivan himself marked the trees. It is clear it was not Beckham's habit to mark a line of trees; he only marked one, as he tells us himself—and I submit, on McDonald's evidence, that whatever marked trees there were, were marked by Daniel O'Sullivan.. It may be as M'Donald says, that he heard there was a tree at the Rocky Water-hole. There is no evidence but Daniel O'Sullivan's, of there being any marked trees in 1S54, or at the time when he first purchased the station. lie says he directed his oxerseer to mark other trees; be admits they were not sufficiently marked, and directed Hyland to mark other trees when there was a dispute between the stockmen-. M'Donald says he does not think it possible there could be trees without his seeing them. I submit to you, Sir, it is altogether a misstatement as to there having been marked trees. Then there is old Tom Pox; he was Tim Sullivan's stockkeeper for seven years, and was on Ulambong continually. He says—I know the ridge; I dways kept the cattle from Ulambongdown towards the ridge as much as I could. Hyhmjd was superintendent of Ulambong, he pointed out a marked tree indicating. the boundary between Ulambong and Bimbalingel, half-a-mile fifcm the old Ulambpng hut; there was a little bit of a water- course there. I gathei&his; is the tree on die^teir side of the fespe- Ss^tei ^-WSSl^iRi^ifiSeKked trees in linewmtwr trees shewn me J^TfySuMTf he told me Beckham marked the trees. la that possible? after- hearing Beckham's evidence, is it possible he marked them. Is it not the.case, that the witness is goingtmt of the. way to invent sueh. He says further, Greenfell and I had an understanding about the boundaries, but Greenfel) does not sav so. Then the witness says—I claimed when I first came, to the ridge, but afterwards a line was marked by Beckham's orders, running north and sonth, and I occupied then to the marked-line. This iB wbat Mr. Robertson speaks of as an admission against his own interest— the only case where it is admissible, is where the people are dead, and cannot be produced. These Elements are evidence of the mode in which the ground was occupied, and of acts of .occupation and ownership. If a question of the occupation of a house arises, you may shew that people lived there. Air. Robertson: We can bring any number of witnesses here to prove the facts, but I object to secondary evidence being brought of what .people said on their own behalf, or that of their employers. Mr. Stephen: A man may make an admission against his own interest, but not against bis employer. If there is a dispute about boundaries, peoples' statements after the dispute are certainly not to. be admitted, but these statements are admitted, because they were made bef re the dispute. If a man said that snch and such was his boundary, it might fairly be advanced, that he was occupying it. I think these are hardly admissions against interest. Mr. Robertson: A servant can prejudice his. maste.r. If my overseer says that is my boundary, thattfbevidence against me. Mr: Stephen : If he was your agent he eould do so. -When Fox was cross-examined at Sydney, he recollects all the boundaries, and says that the trees were not marked when he first went, and that Tim Sullivan was never on the. ground. I took orders from him he says; I did not allow Simmons' cattle over the ridge. I went by the -south line, Hyland directed me by his pocket compass, and marked the trees. That depends upon the extremely improbable story about the marked trees. We find Mr. Daniel O'Sullivan says—I became possessed of Bimbalingel in 1855. 1 am also owner of Wooyeo, Cudgelligo, Maria's Lake, and Narandhiin, east and north. I observed a marked tree on the road; it was shewn to me by a man of Bagot'e, called Thomas Budd. Is that probable, seeing that.he was only employed on the north side.-of the river; Mr. O'Sullivan may have forgotten it, but if Budd did shew it, he had no authority to do it. Mr. O'Sullivan then goes on to say;—I was shewn aline of marked trees, from the tree shewn by Budd—they were plain enough at the time, but many of them have disappeared since—it is a due-south line. I got the description of the runs from. Mr. Beckham. I say I do. not believe he was shewn a. line of marked treeB. It may be that Mr. O'Sullivan may have forgotten, for it was a long time ago, when he says ne saw the marked trees for a boundary between these two stations, running north and south, and that they were pointed out to him by Budd. It is against the evidence of M'Donald, and I do not believe him. There is a line of marked trees now there O'Sullivan says. Now, as to who put them there we are left to some extent in the:dark, except. O'Sullivan. put some of them, for he says, in a later part of his examination, after the Currs came on the ground, I directed Hayland to mark a few trees after the dispute about the shearing sheds. He shewed the shepherd the line, the old marks having become faint. I saw two or three marked by him towards the edge of the Ulambong Plain; they were new trees marked, and further out. I did. not.point, these out to the Umpire the otherday. I asked Julius Curr if my sheep had been trespassing—he said thay are all right now. I asked—did you see the trees Hayland had marked, and lie said yes. Tbe Arbitrator: The tree at the back of the river is much older than those marked when the fence was surveyed—how much older I cannot say. Mr. Stephen: They are marked by Beckham, or by his orders, and. are done in a skilful way. Ihat is contrary to Beckham's practice to mark a line, and. bearing in mind, what M'Donald and Bingle says, it is incredible in itself, unsupported by any evidence except O'Sullivan's,. that fie saw the marked trees in 1855. Fox stud that Hyland told him Beckham marked the trees, or they were done by his orders. He says the line was marked before Simmons' time. : I am-satisfied it was.; 1 never told Simmons to keep his gattle on the otber side of the ridge. O'Sullivan - says he marked some trees in Corr's time after the shepherd had complained to him.. I believe, Sir, ..yon had an extraordinary letter which O'Sullivan addressed to thfc officials in Sydney^full of such gross misstatements as to entitle him .not to be believpd when he says there was r no dispnte about the boundaries. He says, in hia evidence^ there was no disputeabout baiundariestyi the {Jurrs'raised unwarrantable claitns-to various places which Bagot, or his people, never thought of claiming. It is perfectly certain, if the. endence of Julias Curr T and his brother, is not to be disbelieved, tbat they and the plaintiffs were in a continual state of antagonism. The Currs sent. a protest against the conduct of the O'Sullivans to the. officials iu Sydney, and yet Daniel O'Sullivan writes , to: the officials expressing surprise that the. Currs aaid there • were .disputes.. . This. was entirely an* -ex parte proceeding, and he writes.in the most;:peremptory.. and dictatorial style to those,Sydney officials. Here is hisJetter of the lBth Deeemr ber. (Letter read.) ;31iat contained a distinct untruth— : and a man who-made a representation like that was unworthy of credit when, he gave .evideuce in hn own case. He said there wasnoi dis^ pnte with his neighbors. I most say I think Mr. Darnel O'Sullivan ..does not. occupy a landible position in this affair altogether. - So long as he had experience with a man, as quiet as a. rlamb, there were nojdispnte* tili tbefOnrra came,; aitji M'Douald savs there were no.dispntes m^hU time. He did not occnpy this backrnnV'nor jfeb's Camb ^whilst he K^eL The Gurrs^w^nc^lutl^sto^Arir^n.: -fte t^ir.fei&tiBptti;^ keepsit. I a disinterested witneas wh.n t C ^ S , ^ tact. 1 neycr.stigr ? r i ^ ^ r ^ i S S r * honest,.more. creaf-h^^th^^S^I^S'H McCarthy, Owens my learned friend to point'"ffitri^ 'I between them, They tell» tfeifc siayy jfffaffa, ; 1 withoat any leaning a| 8toiy 4. of things which fanned and their mode of busine8s, cenda«t^^meyeareT< ,«o. They are aojuaintsd witb.tfae a ^ Two firings, are dear—th« roi^cr.to was treated as a boundary between : the [rate, w"! front, and tbe hack eountiy at Bob's Caarowaif treated as .a part of the Uabba stoBonr^fneVei^ was treated "ab tttif part of B>m{>alingig<7 Wy ijpytf ' thien the evidence of Ifecfahani^ ^ri^'feTf^? • • evidence, the evident* of a/man. w^osfcduiv was to fix these boundaries./. He fas ho|ag6p&^ recollection on some point*, f>8t we • see 3low lK? r recollects things which concert* ^k'jmsman.vV AjM to the map on which are- the marked i&ttvhe;^ does not hesitate at all. What he ditf,does recollect. He has the great merit "of. what are the limits of his actions, or.wh^'lWj. could not have done, where he ought to go,: •8 in the habit of.going.. He saysr-my.iqain ob-.. ; ject was to make lines at right angles to the riyer, ] and dley weregenerally put down north and ^adt, ,*)' supposing the river to run east a nd west J In., those days our instructions were to.talceJthe*J5ia«. tural features o£ the'^countiy as the. boundane?. > In reference to written descriptious^in theeariier.. ones, eight miles-are given. ' I did ilot ijin jtlino^ with the compass—in those days We wace^npt called upon to ran liHes r butgive ast^ngpoiht. ! and there it was left- the thiM was dime rough and ready in those days. The fine aluig tjbe fence * is exactly north and soath, As meashred by a sur-;" O'Sullivan having got the dpfira«i>t;disw^^f t the north and south line;, and ^emiu^ Wa^c^ to it, and it is idle to say it wafrdone.hyitU^Jjmd, was.an old line. It was des« by an txpcnemeS'. surveyor, for Beckham says he did nnt compass, and they would yet have you to bej&me;* that a true and awarate nortfc and southiliiie run in about 1851, as Fok says, and dram^l^ marked trees, and represented in boundaries. Beckham sayS, X gave startmg. point, audi there it waa left, -ajfd I djd/a&il;^t&e; Ci-mpass—Bald.Hills could no^boEfib&.'fit '«»-- where else than at the back of Tim ftjU^ang tyn Wooyeo.. , • The Arbitrator: No one couldi^ JfrlotlA* Bald Hills were. Julius Curr found'^eSigSl tender, whieh stated that they nrere W tfeh^ffi of Wooyeo.. -./• ^... • > . Mr. Stephen i We have it admitted . tiat riaj<£ , Hills is at the back of Wooyjeo. - . . , , Mr. Robertson l Yes..' , : V^l't'lf^J Mr. Stephen L L wiil not comment uj)0^ «itHei evidence. The point that the Judges ik 3y<liiey; acted upon was r that Curr. had not ^s^ciently; protested agaiust putting , u|i the fence.hy.^S^d-, livan. I do submit, that, if 0a^r's e^eojcierisi read, as he gave it| giving credit to ought to do, recollecting the circumstan*cajb^wits> in,.the loss on his stati0n, .whichjlie.wanted tp^ sell, and his anxiety to avoid. any disptjUe. jiwut the boundaries, that if he. wer^ aaxiquBi be-said he would feel himself as it wer$ in$'Spl^ livan's. hands. I submit, it. was nothing"pfJthe^ kind, though he felt himself -tied,-and hot>m position to fight the plaintiffs, probably poMdfj^ gether his.own maste.r, and not^stron&cnouglKto; resisfcby physical force—yet he didTesat hy means in his power. He might: havi^ «aid, if I lie bye, and do not object to the elreptim:^.4hia fence,, t am bound to give him.. compensation \ but Lmust leave him to fall intone mistake;' But it amounted to nothing like thatthe. ®urr^ protested against putting up the fence, sindt)Sul-r livan did not venture to encroach • till'lie bad- a- wcak neighbor^ aud he put up the fence en&eh;} at his-own wrong. In the face of the evidence-- given here, it is perfectly clear that Curr .wai continually disputing with P'Sulliva% -nptwith-r standiiig .thathe acted in justice to himself .in no> . other way than he was forced to jfe puted.the boundary with the plaintTffs^ta tbfctlast extent that he could, having his- hands .st^ tiedt ' Julius - Curr said, when I said permission was asked-to>mu8ter, it was by letters ^rk^^atid M. TEe plaintiffs say .these letters- wexe.^ppjjLcationfrfor their hospitality. l aay they ar^ $0 such thing. Let any one read them.: Lsaytliew are asking permission to wuster cattleat the hacli of Bimbalingel., and when O'Sullivan was arguing aboutitj hesaid .it was Uabba. • The Arbitiator: Mount Daylight Plains are at the back of-Uabba. . ; - - i Mr- Stephen : The Currs asked- pernussion t^ muster cattle at the back ofthe U^8 <;'jul}u$ Curr said*-" So> long as the sheep did^ot come to Ulambong Plains I did not complain; I;.did not say there was-no dispute before the fencg was put up - r the moment .1 heard-, of tbe. jsuryey . being made Lobjected to it.; Xhada good; n^ny conversations with the O'Si^v^s aboiit .the fence before it- Was put. up..; When ] theyr£omr mencedio erect the. fence I conw&red;^MW^en* croachment, and commuiucated'withiour ^liqir tors. O'Sullivan may haive turned aYd^af ear t^ the protests L always, objected to ; ther feuc^:' being put up. At that time, the static*). being sold; and tbat is the reason we-did not tjlk^ any steps;-we were afraid to have a disputed^ boundary: Daniel O'Sullivan never, told^ipe, to> the best of my recollection, there wa^ a.-;piarke^tree line." It was a. reasonable comprojaise make, and the evidence, I say, • to the-amount of protest Curr. ba^hewn., , ^ v Mr. -Robertson: There is no ev^dentaiof iasufijr cient protest ;-theCourt-did ; no$'Say so;. ^; ; The Arbitrator: - My impression is^it^w^s.mpov tionedf pr how did we get-it? . -.u'.j v hir^ti Mr. Stephen: I think- we hare gotthe^d(^sirment on Sir W. Manningjs brief- . Ydu admit jt is in evidence.- . ../ : • : ' Mr. Robertson: J say it is;no«^ep^atjaijb The decision was, thatthe Ceyrtj fa^nd^JjhfttQaagnlar piec&of;land.bad-been;jn the f>o%- .session of-the Q'SulHya(M-: ;J ^d jKirci , Mr. • Stephen: < I di?tii)?tlys$y jit-^e^n^^dj : have a right to shew : of the dc^sito^i^rtiiatJh^CiB^hrtintAfja^- InpouiTof ftictyW know ev^ryrtiih^cieM^^^r extent of that: proverb^^opstsri^v^1^*' points of the law." The applioantfr ibt trial had a di!<tiBet- :rightjto i^ ^ecaa^^ . out that - the jmy:were; tejr.lrn'iamy. jBpa^jhfe^^r -verdict. The plaintiffs in tfie should have bees the Currs imd^^ttfi&plterft;, but the Court thought justipe wpqld ^ compromise: , r<-.,< 1^-Z'i Mr.-Robertson: lam .instptcted tjb^m^ivja not the case.v . all the treapaasee allt^ed hothfOgftqdej aqflr gWifc the fence, aud wju fa£ul -baitafcto thpae ;?|>aid<f-^e; fence,- on the g^ounds that the plaintiffjeoa&>n|tt'. have had exdudve poessebiouioi it ^whenj^was fenced by the O'Sullivans. • --s-i-.-,- f Mr.-Stephen: l^ibbmittbat, ktkeaa^mt^m^h the view of the juiy at all prents, was prudent :tbe : Cows-., 'lid plvtest ; : encroachment ^at^f^itfeiir r power. .If OVSollivaa: ex^&tedthat; fepc^ iftde- . .fiance of the Tight o£«nother, ihe ^ line of trees along, th^fenoein; Ws»iifin. ot i#e .: foiuidofhnportai»ce ; v t»4nqiur§jiutai i^herbowadaries prove our title to 'Jftftfoi -Or CaoWi:lo s'' •aUdivfflirwimWT^^ ^differently: sitaaK^^SJUfete : bong an^BilnlMliqgelrarei andare'ereated by a< wtriiwM* el was fooyeo was n up ii nf I'i • , TCn^iinprel, ..____.. hicn y tEeTbund&ty; of Wpoyeo. Then! ^ffimf i' material, Intense; seeing fills i'lfrg' idfen tip it the back of -|pakba t we hate the Bald Hills cut- ; Altogether ftoirithe! back country, .i the occupationof the back country ,-iera ofBimbalirigeL ; We occupied ! jirheniwe had not Cudgfelligo, and only How. could we legally occupy Bald ['this map? What was our'right of 1 ~ u nbalingel (extended down to those heri; you admitBaldHills isthere, •ntTwe legally occupy it,; I say we must neces'- aarily have ii as > . matter of passage to' sad i jfrio. Our witnesses said we had it fcabitsally,' that' we invited people to drtmUBt<ir,ahd that we took the unmothered and unbranded calves in the face of the O'SullivAf^ «nd]that we were oontinually, without proteak making our way through Bagot's run at the bafck of Binbalingel into Bald Hills. This case Wis begtin 1 and continued because it was a bad and doudy ease. I say, subject to that difficulty abontthe boundary of Bimbalingel itself, if all theotberhznsare looked: at and the same deaeriptionapplied to them, it would be difficult • indeedto thoroughly understand every one of the tending directly to confirm our puttingtogether of:thb puzzle. When Bald llills is'put inter its right place, their case falls to the groanA. Suppose you look at the description of Contarlo, number two, with the tender sent in •nd accepted, you will find none is veiy accurate btttsnffidfently so for the purpose. Bagot's description:' jwas altered by Beckham, and there most hie threat'difficulty to describe unsurveyed rans. M'fionddgave you the boundaries of the rotas with!great accuracy, but could not do it on tbemap; I The map he and the other witnesses are iued tojgthe countiyitself; and although they art capital busbmen, of course they have a great deal of difficulty in reducing boundaries and lines to'a miap or to a written description, and besides they weto&H; burdened with the description of the riye&!' (Amended description of Cantarlo, nombfrtwo, read).- That is the correct description^—thpreie only one eiTor, that Merri Merrirtl %°;Mbstituted for Uabba, though I do not kitoirvf!i£dier that is in'evidence. It is quite obvious Mdrri Merrigal could have nothing to do itiwrabife. Mr. Robertson: I do not agree with that. Mr. Stephen : There is another run more remote in distance, Naradhun. Tbe O'Sullivaus tendered jfor these. (Tenders read). They have faQniirito the same mistake about the north line, ifboitten/ on Cantarlo nujmber two. It may be observed that it does nbt refer to Bald Hills. This is: Mr. OfSullivan's own tender, (tender *• readj.'Hesays "bounded on the north by Can- tarlo number two," when he means Bald Hills, \- but be treated them as one and tbe same run. Cantado jniunber two and; Bald Hills were then both ofcpnfeiec by the same person. They admit Nafadhrinis in (he north of it towards tbe river by Ckntaxio jnumber two, although in point'of fact it ^banttded by Bald Hills. Beckham's amended description of that is much the same, only he introduce* the Bald Hills- I think if you, sir, take itin that aspect-—it takes time like a Chinese ^nzaeHrWi! shall find they do fit in admirably— ooceputthfe Bald Hills there, all difficulties are removed* 1 bearingin mind the points of the compass areUotto be relied npon, in consequence of the 1 peculiar bend in the river. Mr. Robertrod put in 1 this morning something that had been put m by;•Beckham. Here is first a description of Mem iMerrigal. This does not seem to me to throw any light npon the subject. Then there is another run, Bogia, which has no refe rence tojthe subject. Then we have a tender for Canboio number one. Bagot is the tenderer for that, (tender read), That would seem to Coyer the,«ame ground as Bald Hills and Can tarlo number two, of which we had some expla nation at Hay. The tender was reported upon and refused, the run being under license to takes. • Thatis put in by O'Sullivan, and is di- _ atinct evidence that this country was not licensed . to; them.- it is distinct evidence that the back country was O'Sullivan's. If tbe tender for Cantarlo number two, was sent in the sameday to the Commissioner, it is rather difficult: to; recpncQe them. I submit that these -tenders'for Cantaiio number two and Qantarto number one were sent in the same day by Bagot. As for Cantarlo number two, Beckham alters the description and accepts it as .if it were Cantarlo number one; he refuses that other tender because the run was under license not to the O'Sullivan's but to< Oakes. I suppose if only a portion 1 was leased to Oakes that would be area- • son for refusing it. There is another document Whidreeems to be Cantarlo number three, that Unreported and refused as belonging to O'Sullivan. That would be included in Naradhun. Thefe is tone point which seems to me important.: It ihnst be admitted after the evidence of M'Donald about the boundary, that in the first place itreducea tbe bade of Ulambong. If the other mount is not the extremity of the eastern boundary:line, it is -open to the objection that it wouldcut'off a portion of Uabba. The evidence of Mr. Zealis very valuable as to the nature of these' marked. trees, and shews a'great difficulty incoming'to a conclusive opinion as. to the age of fctteh marks. The «ase, subject to afeW remarks, is freaHy of -considerable simplicity. The whole castr is |to : be considered with reference to the boundaries of Bimbalingel, (Fox is not to be believed <on that subject), on two sides only, and to be considered previously and 1 subsequently to thejepfchlafter the fresh lease was granted, after the execution of Tim Snllivi&n.; Most of the witnesses who spoke about the ridge are veiy'old, and their;'-evidence points , to "the earlier time. The evidence of this I first ^commented on asex- " tremely cbnfused, and«s : proving very little. • Evidence of our witnesses was dear and "diifinet; It-was the evidence of men who talked «f wlat they recollected and understood, and it vras'jgh^n Imtholit doubti They gave evidence . "wiSi itference to the occupation of Urals, which -talfiM 'tfiih the evidence of M 4 Donald, which siUstbe believed as to tbe invariable use and oceupfiiitXi^Urals for deven years. They proved 'in thftlfiiWinsttiiee thie Ijrals Were deemed to be -a portten'of fjat^ia, and 1 th^ the other part was l^ng ma.i as Uabba, and that : -W^-Werelpot in the possession of anybody in- WVJStte interest Cudgelligo and Uabba in Tfcipossesaon of OiUMS«nd B»ot, and •Jn ^Hi^ meantime Bimhalmgd "was in the hands of ^^^ 'ijfcrjwMj'-and H follows from that evidence BM utensed as Crown I^md, and then -b^cL : 4ndiei*]Caiitailo number two and Cantarlo •^an^er fe^ee, and there 'was jno dispute whatever niaed; npon the subject, ;ao long as Bagot ' ^^nfere^l^twithstanding O'Sullivan was the ' ^ Bjmbalingd <turing Bagot's time. We have 3to# alvery intelligible reason why disputes '• •tosB afttt^hfc statioutell intothe hands of the were as we have heard unable to sold off his stock and brands to The Cnrrs were very friendly ivans, who admittedly encroached Id' HQls, which' was not theirs, and whole case as clear as daylight—a inyga in accordance with human naiijpeople play the part of the cuckoo ' w's nest. This was how the plain- themselves into this country. The got into die hands of purchasers :-enough to go to law, and they [tyans for trespass oh the Bimof lthe back icountiy. They gave eh b before die; arbitrator, and the ' jubr«n: die evidence as given be- ^inlavor ^ niy dients. Then lhe -mov^d for a^new! trial, and the^Su- * ~treued both jparties into an aj^ree-. iny.id«nts j^ve:nD to die O'Sulli- i diaclBdedinjthle ieiioe;ind ibokfor iWI^^^^Jbave had. aead-thie ^ndeiwe widj re^rd of these rUns without arrivii% at ;the same 'eondusion. the jury did. The evidence is all one way,.and it must be believed that the back country and fence -were occnpied without opposition from anybody, notwithstanding O'Sullivan was there tiU the time of the; Currs. The strong point of my learned friend's argument is the south line to the back Tanges. I contend the word South is not nsed With any accuracy^ :and as to the back ranges, I contend, looking at the 'written description; and'upon' Beckham's authority, that-the back ranges must mean the Urals. It is after all a question of nomenclature, and I feel no difficulty about that. I see that the Umpire suggested it was important to consider the south; line. That being tbe case, what is the present position of the parties ? Unquestionably, those under whom we claim had been for years in the peaceable enjoyment of this back country, and continuously in the quiet enjoyment of Ulambong Plaiu. O'Sullivan's claim was decided a- gaiiist him, and it was a gross breach of propriety and of good faith to the Supreme Court, that O'Sullivan should have endeavoured to reopen the question which had been decided against liim by. a proper tribunal. O'Sullivan endeavored to reopen two questions—one of fact, and one of mixed law and fact, because he had succeeded in getting a new trial in this arbitration which the Court said he should not get. As to the fenced ground, I cannot see how my clients can fail to succeed with the back country.' If we succeed on the main question we should not, I submit lose our costs. These parties were bound by a most solemn agreement under the compulsion of the Supreme Court, to put it shortly—that the O'Sullivans should have the fenced ground, and the defendants the whole of the back country. My clients have applied for leases, having distinctly bowed to the view or decision of the Court, and are adhering to their own compact according to those boundaries, settled by the highest tribunal of the law. and they write aD explanatory letter to tbe Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands, asking for a less amount of land at Bimbalingel than they have hitherto leased because tbey had entered into an agreement with the -plaintiffs. Then Mr. Daniel O'Sullivan comes upon the tapis and furiously endeavors to break through their agreement, and seeks to have the whole of the bade country and Bald Hills, and so deprive the defendants of the enjoyment of it, instead of sharing it with them, and reducing Uabba to a mere narrow slice of land. He does that in violation of the most solemn agreement entered into. - What do my clieuts do? Are they still bound by the agreement? I should say certainly not. They were as fully entitled then, as O'Sullivan was to reopen the whole question for the purpose of obtaining his own lease. Mr. Robertson: 1 deny we entered into any such an agreement. Mr. Stephen: And' then they agree, and we do not get a new trial. Mr. Robertson: The Court said if yon did not yield up the land enclosed in the piece that— Mr. Stephen : Here's the rule. The Arbitrator: At all events the plaintiff admits they agreed to it. Mi-. Robertson : We were not consulted. Mr. Stephen read tbe rule drawn up by tbe Supreme Court, and said : We consented to the agreement to purchase a termination of litigation. Mr. Robertson: Of that particular action. Mr. Stephen: It seems to me that the proper line of action for the Executive to take where there has been a trial at law, in which the opinion of a jury and court is taken upon the boundaries of stations, that they should U|j|&atisfied; they are determined. It seems to hieextraordinaiy the case should be reopened. In my brief I was asked to take that point, and see whether the arbitration could not be avoided but I saw I could not on.account of the action of the Executive. Notwithstanding the Supreme Court refused a new trial, you have a new trial. We are having a new trial here, and my clients' are perfectly justified in arguing the whole question. There is evidence that O'Sullivan entered into an agreement to purchase our consent to give up a portion of our verdict, in order to-obtain a cessation of litigation. You deny there was any agreement but I 6ay there was one with the parties, we had a right-to suppose, as I stated in my letter to the Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands from whom we purchased peace by surrendering a portion of the run after we got a verdict for the whole, being anxious to avoid litigation. And we carried that agreement out by applying in accordance with it, for less land than we were entitled to (letter to Chief Commissioner read), and should you, sir, be of opinion that it is as I have stated it, I ask you to remember that it is a mere conveyancing question. O'Sullivan is entitled no doubt to Bimbalingel, but he must not turn that right into an instrument to cut us off from Bald Hills and to take awayour back country. If you think they are not entitled to that, they will fail in that which brings us into this Court. My dients wrote a letter to O'Sullivan which was not answered (letter read). One principle governs costs in all courts, and that is—Who caused the litigation? and more especially in these cases of suits. There are numerous cases in which the Judge asks who caused, the litigation—if either party causes it he has to pay the costs. Here, not only have I the argument that litigation should not have been used at all, but after O'Sullivan commenced proceedings, then, even then, my clients made this offer in the letter I read, and of which O'Sullivan says he does not know whether he received it or not. He spoke of it contemptuously, and it is quite clear that the real raiser of litigation is O'Sullivan. The gentlemen I represent were willing to avoid it, and I submit, in common fairnessy.evenlf you-should 1>e against us upon this articular piece of triangular ground—if you are, J_ trust you will not be against us on Rossie'sGap— if yon are on lhe triangular piece of ground, if you think we are not entitled to anything more, £ do say npon-all -the principles upon which costs are' arrangedthat -we ought to have the costs -of this arbitration. I will not-enlarge upon the situation of-the parties, or contrast the wealth -of the plaintiffs with that of the defendants. My clients are new men, who have their way to make in the world, are harrassed by a gentleman who is very litigious to assert his rights to the last penny. It will bea.erievous misfortune if my dients are not only subjected to an action at law, but are to be sucjected to bear their own .costs, after-being draggwi here against their *wll. Probably they had better have given the whole thing to Mr. O'Snllivan. The real justice of the case requires a consideration of the question—Who has beenin the wrong? If you think the defendants have been unduly provoked into this second trial, , and that the tiling might have been arranged amicably npon the Sydney footing, then yon will visit it upon those who have caused it, and give my dients the whole of the costs. The Court then adjourned at six p.m. till the following day at ten a.m. Friday, Februaiy 8. Mr, Robertson then addressed the Arbitrator for the plaintiffs, and after one or two remarks concerning the facilities given to each side in conducting the -case, -went on to. say—-I complain not that the defendants have been :granted -more indulgence than wonld have been afforded me, but that they have obtained indulgences I should not have dared to ask for. For instance, we went to Bay to have the case tried, and it was decided there by_ you, sir, that if any witnesses wereabsent, their evidence was to be supplied by the evidence taken iat .Sydney. After ! had made use of these notes of the Judge to supply the .evidence ofia witness who was absent, the: defendants ap-. plied for an adjournment, - owing; to-the: absence 1 of M'Donald. What i*. die consequence ? Mr. ^ Stephen:8ay8 now M'DoualdmUght to have beenexamined first. I complain ^that they have exa- _ TO&ed; Mm lastv and: after my mintages are scat- 'tetieid to the f oiir winds of heaven, he is brought here.to cpntradktvthenpL --.If he .had been brought < to ( Hay my witness^jvonld. have been <here. and j -^ve_cpntradicted- him, forXhad a right to rebut ^y^viaeiwi^iVen.by the: -opppsit^ ade, a^^ou(d-:no&4iavedie8mt,>-«r^ of asking'you for that postponement, any more than of utoug'Ttitt as ^Umpire to' decide «w« evidence -in my- favor.- This witness comes here at .the' eleventh? bbur and" gives hie iestU mdny, tifter'ail the-^witnesses on my side ha^e disper8ra> I should not have been surprised if an adjournment of that kind had been suggested by Unprofessional people, but I am much surprised it should have been sought for by my learned friend. I am not less surprised at the evidence they have tendered to-day, for they tendered to you a document I should have been ashamed to produce. If I had attempted to Toist in a document such as has been tendered on the other side, I should have expected from my learned friend the most severe and tbe most'sarcastic thing he could have said of me, arid I should have felt that I had deserved it. For they placed documents before you which they knew were not legal proofs any more than a newspaper. For instance, there was that letter put in at the close of the case to create a sympathy, to secure a partial hearing, to show diem as deserving of commiseration, a letter written by themselves to the Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands giving a favorable view of thencase and of themselves put in as evidence of their rights upon the question of costs. But that document does not stand by itself —other documents equally absurd were put in. It covers them all, or should, with eternal ridicule. I will draw your attention to a document put in by Mr. 25eal, or rather produced when he was under examination. It- was a document marked H H. We had Mr. Zeal, one of tbe parties to the inquiry, giving evidence as to the position he occupied with reference to these rune—in reference to the occupation, the undisputed occupation.of tbe country claimed by the parties, and to show that if the plaintiffs had oc : cupied the country claimed by them, they did it against the protest verbal, written, and published of the counter-claimants. .1 felt a curiosity to see this protest, and was told it wa* in a newspaper, and after much persistence on my parjt the paper was produced, and lo! the notice was as follows: (notice read about impoundings of cattle, and the brands of their horses and cattle). This everyday notice, which every stockholder publishes, is offered to you as a proof that they particularly objected to tbe plaintiffs occupying that particularpiece of triangular land within the fence. Under no circumstances should that be considered a proof of any thing. The Arbitrator: I take them for what they are worth. Mr. Robertson: Then I come to the matter of hearsay evidence offered by the other side, and of which I have a great deal to complain. The distinction I have drawn between the evideuce which should be received and the evidence which should be rejected is this. If I succeed in shewing the other side made an admission or a statement concerning the boundary in dispute, I can adduce that as proof -against them, but not statements made by our own side about the boundary in our own favor, that could not be tendered as evidence. I have scrutinised the evidence carefully, and find on my side there is not a particle of objectionable hearsay, wbil9t, on the other side, there is no hearsay evidence except what the witnesses Oil the other side are sworn to have said in favor of their own side. A superintendent said to his stockman—"That must be the boundary; I told Bouchem so." And this is submitted to you as a proof of boundary. If MDonald proved O'Sullivan's stockman told liiiu that was the boundary, that was something against us. The runs in dispute are so and so. This conversation of Bouchem had reference to the side line. Of all the stations the one with which M'Donald had not anything to do was Bimbalingel, and the one with which Bouchem had nothing to do was Bimbalingel. M'Donald had to do with Cudgelligo at different times ; they were both on the same s dc of the question. Then, my learned friend says, it is a question resembling a matter of pedigree, and statements before lis mota can be received, but Bouchem says, ' nq sooner did Cable come than they quarreled, and the dispute arose about the boundaries of the runs. None of these declarations were made before the dispute, and though something was said about Bouchem having the"best of the interview when confronted with Cable, Bouchem said Cable was a frightfully quarrelsome man, and yet he saya Cable was only there £ few days. Bouchem shewed an animus against Cable which must have been the growth of years. He said that Cable threatened him. Bouchem represented to the Commissioner that these boundaries were disputed. It was suggested that I was rather too severe . with Bouchem, but his story appeared to me improbable. It is alleged that Beckham market! these boundaries twice, long intervals intervening. Boucbam, who then resided miles away, said he was there by accident each time—once when he came eighty miles down the river in pursuit of wild blacks, and by another siugular coincidence he says he was present when Oakes' Camp got its name, and he told that on that occasion there, was a thunderstorm, the cattle broke away and were found by young Oakes at a place which was. afterwards called Oakes' Camp on that account. When I questioned him and asked him whether young Oakes christened the place, and said that henceforth and for ever.it should be known as Oakes' Camp, he said, ,l Oh, yes, that was it" That was au absurdity—places iu the bush do not get their names in that way; they do not get christened like ships, and the name is got by degrees. We have a specimen of that in regard -to Bob's Camp, then called the Puddle Hole, Gilgee Water, and other names. The story may be true and the incident may have conferred the name, but I disbelieve that it was given- in the way described. To show I am warranted in so criticising this evidence, I. will run through' those portions of the evideuce which bear .the character I have attributed to it. The first I come to is Thomas Smith. He says—"Budd was Lee?s stockman. I was engaged about cattle and putting up a yard, and Tboiuas Budd, now dead,, shewed me the boundaries." M'Donald said Budd was-employed on the other side of the river, and that he was the only,6tockman on the north side of the river, but ;Smith said. be was in Bimbalingel. Then Daniel Greenfield says—"Tim Sullivan owned Ulambong at that time, and Henry Hyland was the overseer-then." Greenfield was-then stockman on Bimbalingel, and is stating what was told him by the enemy. . He says " Hyland shewed me a- marked tree on the boundary between Ulambong and Bimbalingel." That tree is about a quarter of a mile from the river, it may be more; it is about half a mile from the Ulambong old hut. I saw a marked pine tree; it is by the side of the old road underneath the bill; it is .about three-quarters of a mile from the river. I was shown a tree the other day by'Mr. O'Sullivan ; the tree Hyland shewed me Was near the Ulambong hut. I have seen the fence ; the tree Hylaud shewed me is near that. The cattie were allowed to remain on the side next to Ulambong^ the cows also. I know Cowell—that is. On Bimbalingel. I know the 'Back "Creek and bedding-ground; the Bimbalingel cattle fed there. I know the Urals; the nearest point is ten or twelve miles from the river; the back ranges is a spur of the' Ural; the' tree Hyland shewed me is about fifty to a'hundredyards .bdow the present fenceHyland shewed it to me about twelve years ago; Hyland s^id, "fere'syour boundary." I have here produced evidence of what was said by the representatives of the counter-daimants.and that wasreceivedonmyside if similar evidence only had been received on the other, I should not have anything to complain of, but under the pretence there was similar, evidence; they produced evideuce as dissimilar as light fromdarkuess. I.shew what was paid by the couhterdaimants to us; die other side adduce their own, statements to their friends, which is perfectly useless,. whilst., mine is legitimate .' evidence. The next witness'; of '' ours . was James Dignam ; he says-T- . 4 >I. was. stockman to , -the. . O'Sullivans about 1854. Alexander M'Donald was superintendent for' .Mr.. Bagot of all;his stations.! IIfirst iawM^pn^ldatjErribienderry, iiut it was when-we were mustering ,the F O herd that die conversation took place. ' Be _ of r.the~3tto H»d inewrthat I Jqiew &e; #aasu^rihtendentior •.Bagot.. 5 Be tbldSne the^Xljtn^jv^l^c^K forest on the western', side, of the. ridge. The boundary line that I had always claimed was at tbe head of Ulambong Pl&in.; I kbOif Bdb'i Camp—it was called the " Oak Camp" in time—there were some oaks near. I know, th«i Sack Creek and bedding ground; all those places are on the Bimbalingel run. I know the 'back rringes, they are fifteen miles from tbe river. Bagot's people took the cattle off Bob's Camp. My orders were, 'not. to allow any cattie to be taken from the boundaiy line to a certain extent; as long as Bagot's people took the cattle clear away they were allowed to come on the run, but after that not without special permission—they sent word when they wanted to muster.*' This statement about the. boundary is made by Dignam as to something told him by Hyland. Mr. Stephen says it is totally untrue altogether. I want to know by what rule the evidence on one side is to be taken as veradous, and on tbe other as false. It does not follow that because one witness is a stockman, and another witness, an overseer, contradicts him, that he must necessarily be a perjurer, or that a'superiritendent must necessarily speak the truth. I turst you, 6ir, will entertain a veiy different opinion. Then we have Thomas Fox, who was at that time a stockman on the other side, and not on ours. He says "Hylandivassuperintendentof Ulambong, he pointed out to me a marked tree as iudicating tbe boundary between Ulambong and Bimbalingel ; that tree is about half-a-mile from Ulambong hut; there is a little bit of a "Water-course hard bye to be noticed there ; the road is close to the tree; it is the lower road next to the river; I saw the tree a day or so after it was marked; Ihave seen the marked trees before: I have seen marked trees in a line with the tree shewn me by Hyland. When I came here the other day I saw a fencc there; the fence ran as near aj possible in a line with the marked trees. It was a box tree that Hyland shewed me—it was a forked tree in the body—there are two marks, one at 'the bottom, and the other near the fork, both on the same side of the tree; they face the south line, the line extends about three miles from the river; the starting tree is on this fence, but rather outside, and the othors are outside. I have observed a pine ridge near -the head of the Ulambong plain; the marked tree line goes in that direction. I saw the marked forked tree the other day and recognised it; it had a fresh mark — upon it. Hyland told me Beckham Y marked the tree, or it was done by his order. Greenfield and I had an understanding a T «out the line. I never claimed over the ridge. When I first went I claimed to the ridge until the line was marked, and then I claimed only to the marked line. There was no run claimed at the time at the back of Ulambong. I know Uabba. Oakes owned it at that time; it did not extend to the back of Ulambong. Know Rossie's Gap; the right line is about two miles from the river. Know another place called Rossie's Gap about six miles from the river. Bob's Camp is about the centre of Bimbalingel run. Know a place called the bedding- ground, that's inside the Urals or Bimbalingel run. Know the Back Creek that used to be claimed for the Bimbalingel run. I went by the south lnie. Hyland directed me by his pocket compass and the marked trees. Know Dominee M'Carthy; he was part of his time with Oakes.shepherding when I first went. He may have been there when Simmons owned Bimbalingel. Had conversations with Simmons, but never told him to keep his cattle the other side of the ranges. Have never seen Simmons present when his cattle were being tailed. Never allowed Simmons' cattle over the ridge. I did allow Simmons'cattle to come to the marked line after it was marked, but not before ;-tbe line was marked~before Simmons' time; I am satisfied it was. I never ordered Simmons to keep his cattle on the other side of the ridge.. I say I never did, although M'Carthy may say that I Sid so. I know the stoncy point of the ridge; never told Simmons that was a boundary; never told it to him in M'Cartliy's presence; never heard Inland tell him so. l'know Bouchem; he never heard me complain of the cattle trespassing over the ridge; M'Carthy was at Uabba and Erribenderry shepherding; he was a shepherd when he first came, and afterwards after stock for some little time during my time ; he was not after stock in Simmons' time." Now, if Hyland had been our overseer, this evidence as regards his words from my point of view would have been totally inadmissible. Why should it be said that Fox deliberately said what was untrue ? Was it not natural he should require to be shown his boundary? Is it on the face of it incredible? I say it was a matter most likely to happen, and there is nothing to contradict the conversation he speaks of. My learned friend says the man who could contradict it is dead. I say if he were alive he would have confirmed it. In all probability there is every reason to suppose that the circumstances as given in evidence did occur. What other line could the man have occupicd by except the north, and south line? He said to himself, "ImuBtkeep my cattle to the west of that line;" but my learned friend seems to think that stockmen work with the same mathematical precision as astronomers in an observatory. It did not reqtiire you should know accurately where was the north and south line; he had a general idea of it, and that was sufficient. We have been told it is very difficult to mark a north and south line; I think it is very easy; no settler'or stockman in this country would ask an easier task than to mark a north and south line. The natural indications in the bush enable a man with an experienced eye to follow a north and south'line. The bark of almost every tree in the bush indicates north and south, and no man pretending to woodcraft would hesitate to hit a north and south line, even with an Overcast sky, but Fox and his compeers had then, as bushmen have now. .the- sun, moon, and stars to guide him, and most likely' a pocket-compass as well. If a stockman in those early days could not run with sufficient precision for the purposes of every day life a north and south line,' he would have come to grief. My hearsay evidence is legitimate—^my learned friend concedes it. Mr. Stephen: I do not agree w*th it. Mr. Robertson: What, I Would ask, cohld be more directly in the course of duty than the overseer pointing out to a stockman the very thing to guide him iu the discharge of his duty and everyday occupation.- I will now pass on to the evidence of' Daniel O'Sullivan. He says j^-" I entered on. .possession of Bimbalingel iiTl855. I observed a marked tree on the road, it was shown me by a man of Bagot's called Thomas Bndd. Bagot owned Uabba and Hyandra. ' I'was shown a line'of marked trees from the tree shown by Budd, they were plain enough at the time, but many of them have disappeared since. It is a due south line. I got'the description of the rubs from Beckham. I ran the line 'with Bndd out to the Ulambong plain.! I was nnder the impression that , the "Bald Hills run was at the back of Ulamjwng, and Bagot appeared to think'so too; he said the Bimbalingel from its description must have a sloping boundary at the back, as One line went to.-tne back ranges and the other to the Urals, and it was in consequence of that he had the east line of the Bald Hills drawn southeasterly to include what was kept outside the de- scription ofBirabalingel." The witness was told by Budd who was a man of Bagofs at that time. If "Budd was not in the service of Bagot his state- ; ment must be rejected, but as it cannot be denied : that he was, the evidence is reiy properly admitted as coming from Bagot's man. If it is proved that:Budd had nothing to do with Uabba jou are at liberty to reject that piece of evidence.- Mr. O'Sullivan "savs:—" Julius Cnrr said 'thesouth line couid not be interfered with, but they should receive compensation in the shape of' the back country.* If you are to presume Mr. Umpire that all onr-witnesses come here to perjure Nliemsekjes, such evidence must be rejected.- Then O'Sullivan goes on to say—^ Biehaed^Cnrr said 1hey intended to-^fence the bdttndary^between ^Bimbdiftgel' and' Ulambong with a stldgM^ f enc^ and asked if we would pay hfclt the expenM; I Nras absolutdy necessary and therfc was an understanding that J was provide the ...surveyor and the experise to be divided. I brbught Mr. Ryder some time after and sent him to Uabba to make arrangemeftts ; about the payment and the survey. He returned and said the Gone had'told him: they had changed their rilinds about fendng ; and they would not pay for the survey as it was their intention to sell the stetion. r I then had to compensate Ryder for his' trouble, and he made a survey of some -of-lhe bouhdaries-^the south line between Bimbalingel and Ulanlbong amongst others. Julius Gurr came to me when shearing (before 'Ryder's survey) arid said he had seen one of our shepherds at the Ulambong hut.- I said/he had no business there, it was off the Bimbalingel run, and the overseer shewed to the shepherd the line of marked trees, and the overseer marked -fresh ones along the line and I heard no further complaints—in the winter of 1859 we began to fence. The Currs were informed of it. Julius Curr offered us a timber carriage saying it was useless to them, now they had abandoned the 'idea of fencing. I said a dray would be best. I asked Julius Curr to allow our men to cut posts on the Ulambong run. Heassentedandthe mencamped in two places on theUlambong run and cat several thousand posts—Julius Curr was two or three times a-week at Cudgelligo and would have to pass the fence going backwards and forwards-: he never complained about the fence going up. There were scarcely any cattle on the run then. I am sure I went with Budd and ran the line of marked trees : moBt of the trees on the marked line where the fence is were marked on the north and south sides: after the dispute about the shearing sheds I. directed- Haylock to mark a few trees—he showed the shepherds the line, the old marks having become faint. I saw two" or three marked by him towards the edge of of the Uiumbong Plain. I asked Julius Curr if my sheep had been trespassing. He said 'they are all right now.' I asked 'did you see the trees Havlock had marked,' and he said 'Yes.'" Mr. Stephen: That was in reference to a suggested compromise. Mr. Robertson: I am bringing this forward to exhaust my hearsay evidence, and I draw your attention to it to show it is a statement made by the other side to us. I have allowed your power to extend so far, that you may receive as evidence that which is not legal evidenee, and although commenting now upon hearsay evidence submitted to you by me, I do not ask you to exclude their evidence on the ground it ought not to have been legally admitted, nor do I say my evidence should be admitted simply, because it is, strictly speaking, evidence. But according to the'rules of evidence and there- fore of common sense, my hearsay evideuce bears ort the face of it, that it is evidence of some worth, because it was made by the representatives of the other side. Whereas, on the other side, tbe hearsay evidence is only the evidence of what their witnesses said in favor of their own claim. We do not dispute that they claim the country, or they would not be here now. If they could shew my stockmen allowed them to occupy it, as I shew their superintendents and overseers admit they did not own it,, if they could shew that the O'Sullivans denied it was their country, or that their overseers or stockmen said so, or pointed out a marked line of trees to their stockmen different from what they claim now, that would have weight and be evidence. In tbe judge's notes there is a similar statement made by O'Sullivan who said that Bagot told him Bimbalingel had a sloping back; it is admitted that' Bagot said that; if O'Sullivan had said something about his own run having a different boundary to what he now claims, that would be evidence against him. When I prove that Bagot described it as having a different shape to what • his successors say it has now, that is strong evidence against Bagot. Place in the scales the evidence I am speaking of and the evidence they have given, and I say their end of the balance must kick the beam; it is - contrary to common sense that mere statements made by people in their own favor should be received as evidence. It does not require-any rules of law to prove that; it might be common sense sometimes to depart from the rules of evideuce, but what they have offered is of no more value than their assertion that the Country belongs to them. I have taken the whole hearsay evidence and it is competent for my learned friend to scrutinize the notes from which I have produced it. And I would conclude by saying that as to the hearsay evidence I produced it is statements made to us or our predecessors, or our or their agents or servants, by the counter-claimants or tbeir predecessors, overseers, or stockmen, in our favor and ' against the interest of tbe speakers or their employers. And now I come to the hearsay evidence which they have given. I will refer to Bouchem, our old friend, he describes himself as a stockman at Ulambong and says Beckham laid the bouudary out south-east from Jollihgong along the ridge to Rossie's Gap: he said the! range was the boundary: one of- the policemen,, bv his orders, marked, a tree with ablackfellowV tomahawk: that tree is not there now: it was facing to the waterhole: it was dose to the road and one of those which were chopped or burnt down—I could see the range plainly: I called it between six or seven miles to .-Rossie's ,Gap—. when Heft Jollingong I pointed, out the boundary to John Cook, then stockman for Stammers. —I told Wagstaff, who was stockman at Bimba-. lingel, that the ridge was the boundary: I heard of a dispute between Fox and Bndd—Fox told me Budd had been kicking him." How could his -statement'about the .boundaries'made when.he gave up-charge of Jollingong affect us,- he merely asserted what the counter claimants say now. /If they hadshewn what my stockmen had stud to him that might be something. . He says—" The tree I shewed to Hyland was, I think, to the best of my opinion the remains of the tree that was marked, and that I shewed to Hyland." The tree he shewed to Hyland I If it even .was ,the tree which he says that Beckham shewed him, would not help him,. as Hyland was superintendent on tbe same Bide. He did no more than my learned friend when he stated his case. There -is not the slightest- re-, semblance to proof. Isay now I never knew so weak a Case, attempted'to be bolstered iiop . with Biich utter trash. Bouchem. saya-^1 told Wagstaff that the ridge was the boundary." Is that proof? Not at all. It is one of the first principles of evidence that no. man can manufacture -evidence for himself. It would be a pretty thing in case of a dispute if any man «onld tell Tom, ifick, or Harry that was his bonndatyy-and then -adduce the fact of his having- isaid so as. proof -of his right. That amounts to nothing, and it-does not 'advance his position one iota; . The Arbitrator : It is a wellknown fact that if the only man left in charge of a station mjb a stockman that when a new stockman came it was • the invariable rule, for the. old-one to point out: the boundaries to his' snccessor, and L have ad-" mitted it as evidence. . • ' . Mr. Robertson: I admit it as a proof ,of a fact,. that is that this claim was made, but not to.carry j it beyond that. It is "simply evidence -of a claim, bat it does -not strengthen then: position. We are here-to-day, to ascertain, a matter of-right. Then we - have Thomas : M'Carthy, he says : " I .heard. Hyland: and both several times talk >to Simmons about the: range; they said that Simmons' cattle were very ; troublesome coming over the .range; Hyland: claimed Stoney, Gully as Ins bwmdary." Though: Simmons is ^ brought here:—oo the stage^ he is allowed - to': depart < speechless Qkej a ghost. If-.he-could have said anydpng to strengihen the ^>jfrer-wde<ive should; surely have heard of it. Oaien at'CaTdiy pays c r i .saw the boundary between Wooyeoand Cudgelligomarked, —BttwmciniuiniwjLWWHHinitlgwpw wumuwu^. Fox- wa8pceeent,^&landand;'Simmon8f Jdie place; was aoariced at Stoney Gully~ f j-there, was 4. tree marked byBeckham wtdi his own hand ;* the treewasondie lefiiside of the :tiw&$omingdowu the-xivet;'' - Theu diiire, ?is - aartgtemenf OTiich'iB SranpBfcfc. ^BnatN^statewnit hejmade as to IlimbaHngeL He goes cfa td say: " I was present wheri Reckbfcm miarkedftne bfr&dxty; of Uabba and Uli&boiK; abimt onfe «nd' threequarter miles ab^ Ual^a rtatiori lBgc~'we»fe> -fte, an'c^mysdf?': BecWtam I< »d Hjdand^luui some words; Beckham pffl#ted to;thB ridge» as the. boundary peak.ncpr Rossie's Gap, and told Hylraahe.^ula take Jbose ranges as his boundary.: Hylimdj swd ifr. Tim Sullivan paid for more ioun&y; than that, and Beckham answered—" Itis not whatbe paidrfor, but what I allow him. n - < That- is. evidence of whataomebody said to somebody else, and-I beg :to remind you our. evidence was . moire valuable' than, that It was not. simply what we claimed/or what third parties said about onrbo&ndaries;, but what the other side conceded to. When our evidence n compared with theirs, as ll have compared it,.it. will befoand to be so. Mr. Stephen commenced his address by saying.that I had claimed superior knowledge-.of the law,'.bat he must have misunderstood me, for Ii expressly stated that I arrogated to myself no such thing. I certainly made the bold assertion that: the other :8ide had misconceived the natare , of thdr case. We have been told by my learned friend that . this ease is a new trial of the action for trespass, tried years ago in Bathurst between the present litigants. I say it is nothing of the sort, and that it is as different from an action for trespass; as one thing can differ from another. [Mr. Robertson then gave several illustrations of eaaea ki which a plaintiff or a defendant having a perfect right to a lease of .the, coontry daimed respectively might be defeated.in an action of. trespass, on technical grounds, leaving the qnestion of right to the locus in quo as open as ever.] The plaintiff might succeed in his action and have no more right to the country than the most perfect stranger. Mr. Stephen: I deny that. Mr. Robertson: The plaintiff.brings an.actioB because the defendant haa imponndeu his .sheep, this plaintiff goes to conrt .and the defendant perhaps -might by some arrangement have debarred 1 himself of the -right to . impound^ and. then im- In order to succeed in an action iortresp^ai not only the property bnt possession mosfcbe vetttd in'one person, and that is the. reason why lawvers • are always anxious in squatting actions .that, uieir clients should be the plaintiffs instead of the de- - fendants. If the defendants, as in this.«as%>the: O'Sullivans, impounded JSemhardt's dieep^still the country .might be theirs, and their rightio it not dispnted^.aad yet. the plaintiff might .succeed. My learned. friend saysr-" We wejee the plaintiffs and sncceeded, our right to the country is established, land therefore, you were wrong to impound those sheep." Ton haveheen soaMe&~' tive throughout this case, Sir, that to iaak yoin - direct your attention to -one thing morel dthito y another is quite superfluous. I say that although a .plaintiff in a case of trespass night sncce^drfie might not have the lightest right to the cctantry in dispute, and for this reason the jdefebdMit; who might be:the veritable owner might impend the plaintiffs' sheep ; an action would .he brdng^t, the defendant says, "I did impound,"and shew*: that he ought to have been in possession of that country, bnt if he has to admit that at the tune he impounded he had upt exclusive;possessian of the-country, then he .fails. The law saystthat no man has a right to impound unless his jofceapation and possession ate exclusive. . I s&y; tbat a man having a most, perfect..right to his i ron might be defeated if he .impounded: sheep, because he had not exclusive possession of thfe irns. Bnt that is not the question we have come here to settle to-day; we.have nothing to doj girith occupation, but something quite different.! ,- We have to show our right to certain hinds, and not the possession of them. When' my learned friend says that this case is similar to an action for. trespass, then he. misconceives it utterly, because he has .nothing: to do with the question of exdusive joccg- ? ation. He complained of die bald way in jsrhfeh opened my case. He forgot that something preceded the opening at Hay. We had axgpeg the case so.far in Melbourne, and .there wjas the most perfect candour shewn by me .iu wpeoi^ it, I went into an explanation of .the^diiferenee. between an action for trespass,. and the question now under discussion, and statedTtonly hoped to obtain leases-according to the. description of. the rhris, and not by occupation. I threw aside the green .map, fo^he. question is, not^ what wjfrpoa- Bess, but what vre are jentitledrto get : feasts of, and we drew a map to the best of-jeur .ability,-bnt. in some cases the .descriptions fut&exly; jailed. Then, of course, it was not a videstpresumptioa to condude that .the whole of this.. .wouldi !have been thoroughly explained to my.iearoed Mend. But there, .was. a change 1 in. the management of the case, and it does.not.appear toJiavejbsen done. In his, address^yestenky, .. when.be.freed himself from the. trammels his ipstrnctiof^^f^t npon him, and said. " Mr. Umpjrc, I wiU ajten;pt to assist-you, and to consider, this, case as.^ we^e in my own chambers "-r-It.was pteasmgJto intellect rising, above the embaRapments, jof '^is position. He said this: was a ques^oft ojr.wnveyancing, . and . of ^descriptions of -gipnts . ^fi parcels and;be might hAve said it. wasfa. AWftiop of specific performance of .contracts., 4o , jis?qe leases, or ^something .the law dedared to- be eqnal to;a iease itself. .. : Mr. Stephen: I dispute that, i Mr* Robertson: The law saysithat^mt|l a)«a(e is issued,, promises of leases-are to be held.as equivdent for all purposes (28 ?e£., o£, die C^ipn Land jOccppatiqn Act ceadin proof of . stateipent), And rather: thanaffordmy learned ftoidjui opportunity .of follo wing me, . I : wiU i^vi^'i^ attention to a case quoted in ,our law ; eomrt^s^iwhidi the romise of a Jease;was treatedasft^CKr^fifant. ? r^fer to die; case of , i/the • Fr^ jComparo *>t Fishers ofWhitstable VwGsom, in which gtTO&^lfjd down that the Crown cannot ;.d£r0gate. :frqm-' tits own prior, grant. :If my leaped friend 'iafcMs to deriy, it, :ye,opght to aigue t^tjpntpftw.'j.i^he Government have, remit^:^^qq«tter ;-ty .die Umpire—and, why ? . JJejcapsfc #?y ^nnojt determine which, of .thejwoj <jouytetrdaimaatg,. is entitled, to these runs. : It is tp be jadf^ of the two has the bert ^nghtf-tp tpis -cfffnfaiy. .WeJcl*im:Bimba!mgd,:.ahdLqre by.adiim for,arun which.has, bounds,, hat which would, njii ; fabm^ofjj equity, be declared bad from .<juu£r$up£jr'jOj. scription, -and ypid^and that ,IpVtOjO!Mt o^jlrom ourdaim? -J - :Mr.-; Stephen: . Bjxpi^ipnjl :iB vto. te-sotted •now^ ipdependendylof' , V;/j < -Mr. Robertson: Hthejcasej^tp^new^^njfm the point of hostility toinag.iya. we haye a better right ..to whole country,:dian.j^- leaii^feifnd^w' .apd jl say it boldly, . it thmk . th? ^kijenup^it i ^bave ibeen ;viMy liberaLin^referring :this j^^di(w. beitween^thetwopartiett to ar(Htra&09, ;;inam,j^ie •Crownliad;assdted its right, : c^wi^, my learned fri^^^^Mdd iqws^W.^ I ihave called nyton to define what he hdd, b» scribe i,his boundaries M he ^ked, .^ linnts. j of , ;hjs, Voccnpatipn,.', / idi^ni' went into his definkioat' he ivras tomd^ ^ Mr.:Stephens«]iv.iio f. beenise he/liaB^ot cat a lease, he may^rptpretihis own dniui^wfDeD Ha{$)ly for : e^endfid;apyas.; j In, frea for which-^iey are pajiiig, is ^p^jra^ ^vid l«5t a^s^sment of Curr. who said it was acres.. . •. . f.... ; Mr. St^phra: ^ -he sud ao, tbe.anqtU!n fypament dahns ilibQM) i' Mr- Robertson y. Mr.,^eckham, it if j^Euaty* .die estimated ;-area should c^auOMtapra^ ^(W^ttepdqi^nnientit : ^The Arbitrator: Hi^re 5was (no \- B^ert^mclQbe ^ jEayncetodiat qm,.jgit8^t terpf die ^ipnm^CTBeta l ;What is the. •c^ffifcre^y* - itis 515,765 acre«r|tWjflpt.J acres.more than^ aaes'. Use poink * fines* restricted^ p, d^gh-thfefacrttte' i 'said' ffieWramber ierib Tt pr. of fi' litifi myTmpfessiontheire isno i&e;^wsjv Sable, after tendering * * to Jthe . Commissioner Stepping MJiremnfltpay for0Ob. j :-Tfiere was a case in point in s; Be jrieffto take up runs to any .100 aquaretniles to '760. . He ap- ^yeniinentfor some very large runs, v .last »limit was fixed, and that limit b^te3 ,lart sessiQit in a Parliamentary ^ie, gradng capability of each ran was ~ ^ead. of cattle and the relative proegp, bit the area was extended to nSlea. £ demur, sir, to this being . Ji(v between us and the O^^^rt.isiato which of the two parties to this lidtatpttion hasthe better light to the count_rator:IsaId there is no restriction ' urn you may make—yon may claiin as jOpjatry as yon like—as far as you are con- jWjtt-can have as much as you can prove '""ion .of Bimbalingel will extend to, and ton for CaitfarloTNo. 2 will in any way t withyou...' ' prison: My learned friend seeks by J #ur claim, to gun precedence for a kerclaim. This is their case. They say "'you-have not a perfect claim; we will destroy you,.rights, and then come in with , our rights wlpfh yot^haveno right to question." In this case it i%the stronger claimwhich is to prevail. Our descriptions may not be accurate, and nobody pretends descriptions of rons are accurate, but because they are not precise and accurate, that is not reason why we should give way to people ho)4it^r a t^ore indefinite description than ourhpy cannot rely upon they, say—'' Mr. Umpire, these people have'not • perfetftitle, and yon must deprivethem of the <raMfr :jym.:ha¥e^to say that their daim is not p^f£Ct,.bpt do not look at ours." 1 say this is mjt the/Caae^ sir—we are here to settle tbe case fairly, j .Ijpu. will, find yon have to fix and describe the.: ljiie&: of- Cantarlo No. 2, as much a« i of; Bimbalingel. Mr. Stephen says to na«-.yotti mnstishew in a perfect manner with u sufficientaccuracy, what is Bimbalingel, and-,. if - .^ycn fail, yon axe to be beaten, althongb ; 1 -cannot snew a better .right to the country than you hare shown. If the Government hod been able to adjust it, the case would nothave been referred to you. sir. They allowed the country to be parcelled out, and you have to detfenfuae which of us has, not a perfect, but the bttter -title. You have not to determine that ours is not [perfect, and that, therefore, we are to lose the country. I .say again, neither of the titles isper^eet,orwe should not be here to-day. It is perfectly true that if we succeed in shewing a perfect title they are out of court, but the convewedoesnothold good. It does not, because we &DBOt; suceeed in showing a perfect title, follow thattbey are therefore to prevail. I maintain that whatever flaw they may shi infinitely better thantheirs. Their description is badoa theface of it. I hope, sir, I have succeeded in explaining the position of the parties. Tbey are not -to prevail by saying our title isAbtperfect—they must have abetter. They are ; intruders; -interlopers, they came after Ha, "wBd'idid' not know where the country theyiclaitned was, and yet they question our title. Even if'our title is beld to be iambiguous, is it eonfc^nant'withcomnion sense that we are to give wayjto people with such a title as theirs 2 '. TM ' Arbitrator: My idea is, that no matter wi^mkybe the title of Cantarlo No. 2, if it is «vefw> good, it would not interfere with BimbalmgjyL '_ irnder the Land Act of 1861 you are entHfiwtoalease of all j^ou occupy, and that comes within your description of, which is simply the UK)k run ]to which yon go back fifty miles. I go linger th^ ,28th section of the Act. I take it you are doing now is, establishing what you wese^entitledto under lease. •I. Mr- Robertson: I have nothing to do with whirt myi learned friend calls the antediluvian hkmty : 0t Bimbalingel; all I claim is according t^he ^aketted description of 1854. fl^jAibitrator: ; what'does- that mean? fr.Itflbertaon :;Because in Qliistrating the difqtiein the valtie of the two kinds of hearsay 'pgoe^ :Ji : ' quoted evidence as to occupa- „ my leamedfriend says that is what I gtapoa, -bpt I did not rest at all upon the matter oCocenpation as he stated. He said he intended * F<4npQa. occupation greatly. In all legal "togs different pleas may be pleaded. A : ;imay plead that he did not do a thefi, that he did it but had a right to do 'ttcrai thatbehad leave to do it if he did it or made amends and satisfaction — fi that he was forgiven for doing it. i anxious, to clear up every point and : 4rfll explain that, aUbongh I adduced 3<which certainly was proof of occupation, !d by me to. enable localities mendescriptions to. be inentifiedandto features of the country. I i«fertuax ithe question of exclusive occupation to pthis ease differed from an action for ' Ij will now read a passage ^ ie, vol. 3, page 218, to set at 'qnestiou of the grand dikinction I ' LpetWeen an action of trespass and an " e who is entitled to a . lease. 7" One mnst have a property i or temporary in the soil and actual i ,Jtobe able to maintain an action of j.ar.at kaet it is requisite that the party syweasionof the pasture and herbage or dace ol the land. Thus, if a meadow l«t>nnal]y amongst the parishioners by ilter l^r person^ Sevend portion ia al- ' miy respectively capable of main- —'—Vfor the. breach of their several Jiaye an exclusive interest therein ROT-mnst have ' an exclusive inu the, action for trespass at t jh^iot^r «de succeeded, because we ledutheir.sheep and laile^ ;to prove we [iitiiiejfiidfe'^oetepdon. But how V Not by ' t op for Ontario No. 2, for on that oc- " *—'• ^was claimed as Pabba. We p as trespasahg on Bimltaua, y^terdw" adimtted they fcularjneceof the country .back ^'ard parcel of TJabba. The : ^ot they were entitled ut ^bey said, to us, " You iin- ,,«nd it'is.plain you had. not ;,]bec£UJB£ somebc^y claimed " the' Gilgie Waterholes lit waslound there^were -yba'lud hot exclusive"post in'a position to impound is .no evidence to shew it;mfh the pleading. Mj^tarped Mend objects to 1 — ^" 'mrtters in, issue at that' J; object-Jo -your version ttp^kptating^ie issue., ,; ' Ejection yraa, that Mr., «od that he 'wasn^t ver^r ehdorsement on Sir ODot :tprn- ont u dy ItMnkitwonld to refer to learned ~ friend (leas i^ain, as I /^^M^ation and T^ endeavors to , initiativewhen " by impounding tone says we h^ notexolu8ive posecalledupon ; the,, case ;of other day; In the defendant. ^e^sion^of! these: rans^-r^lea. ;Tead.^.- i 33ierf. is. sKomhardtte^cnap, ^hi^i shews .fvhsi they^clainji" •nowisBs-different ^rom^what ; they r claimed thw as it ioiild -well be. $Khen~ we bad to : prove the "fifthojplfca"^^ that it was onr close, .because ^ did -' not! prote ' ; it; rwas oursexclusively we failed.' A man does an act, to /do -which be-mnst -of necessity be vested of certain rights—whenrhe says he has possesion-- it wonld only help.hkn if it was exclusive-^- unless he had been in possession how could he impound the sheep. He was bound to shew he had; exclusive possession of the close in order to impound, , and nothing else could have saved him. I say again, and for the last time Ibope, that.a man may nave the'most perfect right to a run in the world—his title maybe placed beyond question, and be open to no dispute, butif some! one else happens to be there before him in part ptosession of that Tun, and chums to be there as a matter of right,and the person rightly entitled -to be'there .impound -some of that person's stock,- the rightful owner will be liable td an action^ because, to:enable him to impound, lie most have exclusive possession of the run, tod becahse be did something whieh the law does T ttot 7 allow hrm to do till he has obtained exclusive "possession, and then.:he can impound and put his rights in forcei •• My: clients did more—what Could not have beeir justified-even if th'ey had hdd an exclusive- •possession-^r-they burnt a lot'of shingles, whereas they should have carted thein over the boundary and' left them there. Thfeir title, however, was not affected in the slightest degree by that action in Bathurat, and as a matter of fact the Government are not to blame in this matter. My learned Mend censured the Government for referring it to arbitration, they knowing, he alleged, that it was decided before. When we find Mr.-Stephen, a leading Victorian barrister, and whose sense of propriety is'such that he is considered one of the ornaments of the profession, thus broadly censuring our Government, I, as a patriotic citizen of New South Walesj feel'proud that I am enabled to shew tbat they do hot deserve his censure. My learned friend seems to think lightly of the matter, but though the Government might pay no attention, to the -remarks of to unenlightened or unknown person, tbey are not above the criticism of my learned friend. I say the Government did not deserve his censure. They knewall about the action for trespass, and that it did not determine the title to these .runs. 1 know more than one instance where, after an action for trespass and the refusal of a new trial, the Government have referred the question, as to wbich of the parties are entitled to-a lease, to arbitration-. There was one case decided in this neighborhood in favor of a person who lost an action for trespass and was^refused a new trial.' He shewed his title at the arbitration and' succeeded, because lie was not embarrassed by the question of occupation, which he had been worsted before, he upon having occupied ' with cattle bnt his opponent with sheep. As to these references to arbitration, wc have had appeals from the Judge in Equity to the full Court, and from th£ Supreme Court to the judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and always with the same result—that is, they have been upheld. Mr. Stephen : I did not refer to the Government in my censure, but to the functionary presiding over . the Lands Department. Mr. Robertson: In what better way can he discharge his duties than by referring a question of this kind to arbitration. Mr. Stephen says that the action was regarded as conclusive between the parties, having reference to Sir Wm. Manning's brief, which was not in evidence. He cannot therefore object to my referring to the agreement prepared in 1862 between Kornhardt and— Mr. Stephen : I do object to tiiat, because I never heard of this before. Mr. llobertson: I shall by-and-bye refer to the evidence of the plaintiff, and be able to shew that, so far from the action being regarded as conclusive between the parties, a proposition was made to .-refer the case to arbitration. It was a question of. boundaries, and these documents were ' for that arbitration. Mr. Stephen says finds confusion and dust in this matter,' and it is generally so when there is a bad case. He presumed .the gist of the dispute lay between Bimbalingel and Ulambong. Jf the Government thought it necessaiy to mention the whole of these runs in the Gazette—eight runs altogether —they had good reason for doing so, because this case is. to settle the descriptions for the leases of the whole of . these runs. Out of these., proceedings will result something which , will. enable the Government to define boundaries and issue leases.. I do not see how it could be thought that mch a thing as that could be achieved in any other way. We had no _ voice in the matter. If there' 'was confusion .created by mentioning the. eight runs, we had nothing to do with it,/-and. if there was eonfusion, who did the most tp remove it ? I say I did. When invited to state our, case, I got rid of the dust and. confusion by striking ont. four runs of the eight. Mn Stephen : Those are well known. The Arbitrators Nothing could . be. more candid than the. way you opened the case, Mr. Robertson. Mr. Bobertson: If my learned friend had been present he would not have insinuated what he did. Mr. Stephen: This was said.because pf the claim put forward by O'Sullivan. Mr. Bobertson:-1 rest my title on the descriptions marked on the map—'the leases are in accordance with: the descriptions 1. claim by. I will go back- again-to shew that-this claim ;to "Uabba is'now.defined. It was not defined.at the period of the action, for they did not place the jury in the same position.as they place you, sir. At that period they placed the Bald Hills in quite a different position from what it was .before the jury. There is their map annexed to the pleading. Mr. -Stephen : There iB our ..map. Uabba is defined in the same -way as on their map, only it is more generil and mote, intelligible, I think. Mr.' Bobertson > You • see- how' this map contradicts tbe «videdce of M'Donald,' .who-says they succeeded' in shewibg at Sydney that they mustered at the back- were, as put and: parcel of Uabba run. Mr. Stephen: He was misunderstood. Mr. Robertson: MDonald stated tbe particular places he mentioned as bong back country, and'he Said,.in cross-examination, :that he bad claimed-them at that time' as parts -of/the Uabba run. Mr. Stephen : He did, speaking of ten years ' Mr. Robertson: -ThWis -wfeat-be sud—-"..I was then concerned with' Uabba, - Ulambongy Hyandra, and'Ehibrtirdenry. 1 tbink^pn the north side ut the river'which wits nnt-tben^id^atthe tima mentioned by O'Sulliraii whi'n Budd.'was thei-e. 1-had nothinj^ to do with BimbalingeV when Bndd vrasftocknwti, or with' Ultimboiig during the lime Budd was ftbekridinp iat BimbalingeL The higK peak from the river in Uabba. The • eastern boundary of Uabba rons to the wes£ ofRossie's Gap." I mamtain the whole -ofi-this country here, 'when I wa» manager, belonged to-Uabba and the Bald Hills inelbd<d; it was all' occupied by cattle, and elkimed by me as the Uabba station." I say that it is clear what Uabba ig now. As toCan- 2 M'Donald knew nothing about it at all. .The question was put tohim-^-" Did not Bagot tender' for «ome coiinttyf^ and he says, " Yes,"for GantaHo-Nb.2." Itis a most singular thing that my leaned friend blows hot &nd; cold at once. He sa^s, " I^tA: at that witness, btpr -clear'is hi« evidence and itrhat a respectable man he'is." And yet this dear-headed and respectable man coolly and deliberately states that he cannot understand a map. _ Mr. Stephen: No—he said he could not twee tbe boundarirson it. - , Mr.Jlobettson t He endeavored to shew as great an inability to comprehend maps'as tbe'most ignorant stockman. Whenhe spn^e ofranges fWtmthe werhe could net show them ; at all bveotB,- he «wie down from the pedestal bpdn-which my- Earned, ftuJna bad plstea him '-which he -de-; 1 , ^ _ , nnderstanil i ^apgrTrffie ^ map ' tiie •injieMtooi. wtis . na£itreV"m®pl - Yoa : may 'hive &e;«jii^ .maa examini^iga horj^hepuU hisband dofrn the bpree's.leg, ,the ^animal wirices, and' wis" knowheis screwedjlier^ So^itis witVtbis witness; thajt was. the poibt—tbe mnp—on vrliioh be, .was,screwed, and he spoke about it in a vagoe and indefinite ^ay. . He said he koeW Bt^ot tendered for Cantarlo. No. 2, and I have already shown the; trnder was for Cantarlo No. 1 andTor Cantarlo No.' 3\. He said he knew of the tender for Cantarlo No. 2, and must have known of the tender for Can- .taxlo No. 1. The next thing w;ould haye been to get him to define these places on the map, but he aroided that by shewing a wholesome horror of map?, and then this superior clear-headed man has to b« taken down from the pedestal he has been placed upon by my learned friend, and put upon a par with the most ignorant stockmen. My learned friend calls hin, a most intelligent man, and then s»ys, " Oh! poor man, what could yon expect froin him?" It was for my learned.'friend, who mentipued Cantarlo No. 2., if any value was attached ro it, to have followed it up", and'the witness should have been examined, on it, but not by me. When he was present, M'Docald, who conld not uoder-tahd a map nor point ont a range of mountains, and who declined to mark upon the map the boundaries of tbe runs, or show the river and ranges, declined to point to Rossie's Gap and Bogia ranges, and when Mr. Zeal offered to assist him, and pointed ont . almost where they were placed, M'Donnld fought shy. My learned friend asked him, " How far are those ranges ifiom the river ?" The answer was expected to be twelve or fourteen miles, but unfortunately M'Donald said twenty-five miles. Mr. Stephen: From Uabba, Mr..Robertson : If so, they are a very long way from the bttck ranges, and that is enough for me. At any rate, that did not (urn out a trump card. They mentioned something about Rossie's Gap .and Bugia Ranges, and when it appeared they were twenty-five tuilen away instead of twelve or fourteen, they abandoned them as not being auriferon'6. I see nothing for them lo congratulate themselves upon in placing M'Donald in the box. It does not follow because people are put to great difficulty to attain their objeccs, that when they are attained they are worth, the trouble and expense. 1 think the expepre they mnst have been put to is not in any way compensated for by his attendance. I do not see why he should have been called,' except to contradict a certain statement about a line of marked trees, upon which my learned friend dwells with fo much unction. M'Dunald says he did not see a line of marked trees—how should he if he did not go to look after them ? Was every true the tree marked? Was that the statement, or was every other trees ? and M'Dunald did not see them? Not at all. Their statement was, that two or three were marked in three miles, and we are to be told that our witnesses b^ve no regard for the truth, because-M'Donald did not see the trees they spoke <if. We have heard of spurions manuscripts of celebrated writers and authors—of Shaks- pear, for instance—but I never heard of any one marking a tree and making it look as if it were marked ten years back. Mr. Stephen: It was only four years. Mr. Rubertsun : In a certain poiut. of. view it might be so, but to make it so at that period, tbe very first night .after purchasing the station -Mr. Daniel O'Sullivan must have gone and marked the trees. 1 am surprised, that' such a crime should have been imputed to him, fur itis a crime, as we are told, " Cursed be he who removes his neighbor's landmarks." The evidence shews that the insinuation is altogether unfounded. It is not fur me to criticise my learned friend's conduct of the c>ise, but 1 must express my intense astonishment that such a charge should lie made, and my still greater astonishment that it should be made without any fuundaiii.n. It affects the character of one of my clients, and yet this charge is hazarded in the coolest manner. Those marks jVir. O'Sullivan said be make are there to speak tor themselves. It astonishes me that such a charge was made withont anything to warrant it, lor there is nothing in the evidence to shew that any suspicion w:is eutertained of such a thing, and such a grave charge surprises me not a Iktle. I cannot see that it was warranted, provoked, or justified. • Mr. Stephen: My theory is—the .narks Mr. O'Sullivan speaks of are the marks Hayluck made. Mr. Robertson:'Mr Stephen alluded to those old marks, and if the matter was not upon record I should leave it with bis explanation, it will go to contradict what he said—that Mr. Daniel O'Sullivan, he believed, made those old.marks The charge was, that Mr. O'Sullivan marked the trees, and afterwards swore they were pointed out to him by somebody else. Mr. Stephen: A man is not to be trusted in giving evidence in his own case. I said he might have been mistaken as to the trees, he hatfng avfiwedly marked some to guide the shepherds. -' Mr. Robertson : That takes tbe sting from my learned friend's charge, but I think O'Sullivan was dealt with harshly and in a very unfair manner. At ihe last inve8tigutiun' Sylvester O'Sullivan's character was impugned, and yon, sir, said that the evidence cleare*) him from any imputation as to the evidence he had given at another trial. It appears there must always be this resource; but I did not think that in this case, weak as it is, such a stale device would have been folluwed as to abuse the other side. It appears their case w.is not to be sustained without doing so. ' I now come, sir, to what I call my charter. I refer to the gazettedv description of Bimbalingel. Here it is:—"Grating capabilities—Six hundred cattle. East by. a line commencing onthe south bank of the Lachlan River half-a-mile east of the hut and running south to the Back Ranges^, West by a line commencing On tbe sonth hanffof the Lachlan River half a mile off the Jollingdon Hut and running south t<i the ranges. South by the .Back Ranges. Noi-th by the Lachlan River." In page 35 of* the notes there is an admission by the defendants that the tenders of George Otikes were accepted by.the Government. The admission was to tbe effect that the forfeiture of tliene runs took place on .account of Tim Sullivan being hanged, and that his runs were acquired by the predecessor of the present claimants by virtue and in answer to (he advertisement in the^Gazette. 'Itis admitted we are the succescessors of the successful tenderers, and that this description was given us,, and by that I propose to stand or fall. It wnBd be convenient now to glance through the-evidence as to the east line,'-bnt it would shorten the proceedings if my learned friend would inform bs whether he intends- to abandon tbe east line after the letter placed -in -evidence last night. Mr.< Stephen: I am not disposed to do so now. Mi. Robertson: I must .refer to the evidence, then,xs to this sideline. The first witness is John Cable, who says—" There is abridge between the plice I first'put thft cattle and Ulambong'Hut. I gr.ized my cattle over; that ndgeon the Ulambong side; Pye' never:objected to my doiug so. I do ii'ot know bow far the Bimbalingel run went back, I allowed my cattle' to go back twelve or fourteen, miles. . Pye's rattle did not come through the ridge to my knowledge. 'I would not have permitted it." The next witness is Thomas Smith. He says—" I know the waterhole at the end of the ridge; the Bimbaliugelcatde fed round and below that water-. hble towittds Ulambong. - We fed ou both sides of -that 'ridge. I know the Ulambong Plain. We. 'fed close to it. The O'Sulli vans' fence goes on one side ofone tree and on theother side of the second.; I have seen' a stamp of a tree near some rocks.. I. noticed it about twenty years ago; itis about two. miles. from - Ulambonx Hut.' H was shewn it the other day by Daniel O'Sullivan. I recognised < it as the stump that'ban been aueh twenty-five or twentysix years. I have -seen tbe marked tree.bu't there was none in my time. 1 ?- Daniel Greenfell says— " I saw a marked pine tree; it is <abont khref-quar . ters of a mile from tbe river. I was -shewn a-tree the ir.h«v day by Mr. O'Sullivan.-.' The tree Hyland shewed me was nearer to Ulambong Hut. I haveseen the fence;, the tree Hyland.sbewed me is near that. The cattle were allowed to'remain on the side next to Ul&mbongj; the oowe al»o. The tree Hyland shewed me is~&bout; fifty to a hnndrcd. yards below thu present fence. Hyland-shewed it, to me about twelve-years ago.- The Ulambong cattle have- fed on Bimbalingel. Hyland -said, ' Here's yoor boupdary tree.' Practically it was on : this other side of it. I 'should sot-have considered 'rny wi.ule^ncroachSng if theywent to half-a-mile on tfUuiambi^side;" James y . r ... weremusterthe FQ i hferd lhait the «>n ve«3WLtibri took pl&ce.; He knew I was 'siockinan of the Bimbalingel run, 'gid knew that I khew be was' soperintendent for Bagot,' ^ It was in coneequence.of a>dispute about boundaries wbich arose, from their coming- into Bimbalingel to get'Ulrimbong cattle. He told me the line went through the forest, on the- western side'of the -range. 1 call the? ridge Tanning from the Urals to the river the Bimbalingel ridge. We fed onr cattle on both sides of- the ridge; no one ever disturbed them. At the muster the cattle were taken to Erinbint'erry beeause there was no drafting-yard at Bimbalingel. When Bagot's people and I were mastering we used to divide the cattle oil the Sheep Station Creek. Bagot's people took the cattle off Bob's camp. My orden were, not to allow any cattle to be taken off the boundary line, to a certain extent. So long as Bagot's people took the cattle clear away, they were allowed io come on the run, but aPer that not withont special permission. They sent.word when they wanted to muster." The next is Thomas Fox; He says— "jl'always kept the cattle from Ulambong down fit)in the ridge as .mnch ar I conld. Henry Hyland was superintendent of Ulambong. He pointed ont a marked' tree to me as indicating the boundary between Ulambong.. and Bimbalingel. That tree is about half-a-mile from Ulambong hut. There is a little bit of a water course hard by to be noticed there. The road is close to the tree; it is the lower road, next to tin- river. I saw the tree a day or so after it was marked. I had- seen Commissioner .Beckham abi 'ut a week before at Uabba. I have seen tbe marked tree before. I have seen marked trees in a line with the tree shown to me by Hyland. When I came here the other day I saw a fence there; the fence ran as near as possible in a line with the marked trees. It was a box-tree that Hyland shewed me; it was a forked tree in the body. There are two marks on it—..ne at tbe bottom &nd; the other hear the fork, both on the same side of the tree. They face the south line. The line extends abo'ut three miles from the river. There are three or four marked trees from the That is the reason M'Donald did not observe it—there were too few. The witness goes on to Bay, u The starting tree is on the fence, but rather ontside, and the others are outside. I haye observed a pine ridge near the head of the Ulambong Plain. The marked tree goes in that direction. I saw the marked forked-tree the other day, and recognised it; it had a fresh mark — upon it. . V We occupied about six to eight miles back on the Ulambong run. Hyland told me'Beckham marked the tree, or it was dune by his order. When I first went to Ulambong, Greenfell and I bad an an demanding about the line. I never claimed over the ridge. When I first went I claimed to the ridge until the line was marked, and then I claimed only to the marked line. There was no run claimed at the time at the back of Ulambong. I know Uabba—Oakes owned it at that time. It did not extend to the bark of Ulambong. 1 know Rosaie'sGap. The right line is about two miles from the river.. I know another place called Rossie's Gap, about six miles from tbe river. I went by the south line. Hyland directed me by his pocket-compass and the trees maiked." This is the evidence my learned Irjeiid thinks so uncommon. The witness then proceeds—" I know Dominic M-Carthy. He was shepherding for Oakes when I first went. He may have been there when Simmons owned the-Bimbalingel run. I had conversations. with Siunnous, but I never, told him to keep his cattle the other side of the ranges. I have never seen Simmons present nhc-n his cattle were boiug tailed. I never allowed Simmons' cattle over the ridge. I did allow Simmons' cattle to cotne to the marked line after it was marked, bnt not before. The line was marked before Simmons' time; 1 am satisfied it was. 1 ' This must be a blunder, I admit. Then he says, " 1 never ordered Simmons lo keep bis cattle on the other side of tbe ridge. I say I never did, although M-Carthy may say tha' I did so. I kuow the stoney puint of the ridge. I never told Simmons that was a boundary. I never told it to him in M'Carthy's presence. I never heard Hyland tell him so. I know Bouchem. lie never heard me complain of the cattle trespassing over the ridge. M Cartby was at Uabba and Eciabinderry shepherding. He was a shepherd when lie first came, and afterwards after stock for some little time during my time. He was not after stork in Simmons' time." Then Iloosey says—" The marked trees are exactly on the line, that I would have no hesitation in taking them for the line. I ran the line out ten miles and twenty-five chains." Then Mr. Daniel O'Sullivan says—" I bec-iuie possessed of Bimbalingel iu 1855\. 1 observed a marked tree on the road; it was shewn to me by a man of Mr. Bagot's, called Thomas ,Budd. Bagot owned Uabba and Hy r andra. I was shewn a line of marked trees from the tree shewn by Budd ; they were plaiu enough at the time, but many of them have disappeared «ince. Itis'aduesouth line. I got the descriptions of the run from Beckham. I was under the imptesssion .that the Bald Hills run was at the back of Ulambong, and he appeared to think so too. He said that Bimbalingel, from its description, must have a sloping boundary at the back, as one line went to the back ranges and the other to the Urals, and it. was: in consequence of that be had the east line of the Bald Hills drawn south- easterly to include what was kept outside the description of Bimbalingel. I asked Julius Carr to allow our men to cut posts on the Ulambong run; he assented, and tbe men camped in two places on the Ulambong run and cut several thousand posts. Jalius Carr was two or three-times a week at Curi- : ?eliigo, and would have to pass the fence going backwards and. forwards; he never complained about the fence going up." Julius Curr is one of those upon whom, my learned friend said, Mr. O'Sullivan imposed. He did not meddle, he says, with Bagot,but heoppressed Curr,andas my learned friend said, it was the old .story of the cuckoo iu the spar'- row's'vest. That is not an apt simile, for the cuckoo goes to the sparrow's ntst whether 'tis stjked or not, and any sparrow's nest serves him. The imputation is without justification altogether. We have that fact that Bagot. was allowed to go all over O'Sullivan's runs, not the one in dispute, but the whole, and! take his cattle from where he pleasi d. And > hy was thisallowed ? Because Bagot was taking away his cattle jas soon as he could, and for that purpose they went mustering about. We have evidence that these cattle were at one time of such small value that they were allowed to run ut large, and they, were left to; stray about as they chose. It^as..shown that the. runs if not abandoned, were not much looked after. Bagot intended to take the cattlp to market, and O'Sullivan allowed him to take the .cattle from any ran he chose, because i;.was.understood they were nut to return again. The plaintiff would have paid men to collect, the cattle and take them off their runs to pouud but it was better still to let Bagot take them to market.. If (hey had, been, sent to. pound, the-y might have returnee^ aud the plaintiffs might have hud to impound them again and again. Di-es that show that my clients tolerated Bagot because he was rich, and fought, thu Currs because''they were poor? Here is an intelligent reasou given for tbe cattle being permitted to run ou the stations in Bagot's tune. That is the sworn evidence of Mr. Daniel O.'SnJlivan, and it rebuts the asser: ion of my . learned friend, that the O'Sullivans shewed greater .forbearance to Bagot than to tbe Currs. We have evidence that the Cans knew of this fence; allowed tile stuff for it to.be cut. tm their own groupd, and - now we are asked to believe they did not 'knowwhere, the fence was to be put up.- ' It is impossibleto believe they should have'; allowed this: without know^ing.where the boundary was to go. , The Arbitrator: They did not say that I think.' Mr. .Robertson:. That wis their'eXCase for not prev^ntingit goicg up—wemust takritthat they Lassen ted iu it., AVehave evidence th at theirsticces-, ear Konihajdt asked permiHBicm lo pnlt -his horses' inside thVience—What contradiction is there' to that P None. It is proved tS^t .when the fence was put op. the Currs did not mterfere st-' any' rate, an(i^ijf silence is; held to'gfae consent we ' can biitu&ifie; they ixmsented; it dues not appear that • they, sept a wnttra remonstnn««. ; When the line oflnts was marked. (Hey 'xeemed' toliave'objected then- Why did they. not object «ftW hMringroft j fbejGevjwnmi^Stw liey; .^ewij^^eP^niya .south Jmta^ilieYr.obiMtw^ j Vt^" li-5t 1 £!-JtirlPAs& eated fo'the QlSfOllijaqs th^^hejr the evidenee subii3tted ,toUiem; tbai.'^ke.^p'fiallivans were«ntided to,the south linear There ."ins. apt-ie^st some evidence that Aey bad, lin£tcV^«ai'ed. all objection, ibr. th^ said themselves.thdt wishing^to sell, and not wishing to have.a disputedrtbou'ndary, they tberefore acquiesced, that is thr pl^in English of it; If it had been a^caseofdisputed occupation, if the runs had -been held tot be -Tans' the occupation of which had to be proved, tho weight of eviwas in our favor on that point.' Yon remember, sir, that although occopants of Crown Lands are entitled to get a lease according, to their occupation, something had to intervene. The Government knew-they coald not grant leases according to occupation at once, and made a condition precedent that a squatter should hare been twelvemonths, in licen.-ed occupation of his run. And why? because before that licenses were made descriptive before that they were merely personal—personal licenses to depasture cattle, as the miner's license is now todig gold. Then the squatters were called upon to define the territory they occupied in order to get a license, a yearly license. When the Orders in Council came out it was enacted that to entitle a squatter to a lease he must have, been the previous year in licensed occupation, and tbe reason wav, that he should .have been in occupation of the country by a description which was to bind, him, and be the basis of a contract between bim and the Governm< nt. The weight of evidence ,in regard to the south 1 ne is in our favor, and the ocenpatien of it is proved. The fart that the cattle that would remain were allowed to do.so, shews our intention. The quiet cattle were placed there in that spot for an intelligible reason. It is shown they were bronght down the river in the first in stance, and in accordance with their natural habit of trying to get back to their old home they woold instinctively try to make up the river. The wilder, cattle were tailed to be broken in to the run. The other cattle not tailed, were placed over the ridge at the lower end of the run to prevent them going up the river, apg were so broken in, thataccountsfbr onr going on that side of the ridge, and shows that this ridge was made of another use to us more valuable than a boundary, because we made it serve as fence. We have the evidence of Stammers, who owned Ulambong, he says— il I wrote to Commissioner Beckham about the boundaries of the station, and got an answer which was burned with my house; his answer was that I could not sibly take the ridge, that my boundary would be half a mile above the hut—the reason he gave was that there would be no back outlet for tbe Bimbalingel cattle. I know the range called the Urals the range that rans at the back of the stations, they are from six t"> eight or nine miles back from the river. I know ranges called Back ranges; I cabnot say exactly, they may be from ten to thirteen miles, stadning on tbe Bimbalingel frontage 1 can see the Urals and also a portion of the Back ranges. There were musters when I visited the stotiuns these ten or eleven times—the neighbors were present. I was present at the. Bimbalingel musters. The Back ranges and the Urals were known to these people by these names; the mountains altogether the Urals and Back ranges together were not called the Back ranges, they wire quite distinct. My learned friend gets rid of this evidence by saying it is not true,' but it dovetails with Bouchem's statement that Stammers did confer with the Commissioner. There conld not possibly have been any collusion between them, ana it is proved there was a dispute and a reference to the Commissioner. My learned friend sajs that because Stammers had a fit in Sydney he was uot.fit to give evidence in Melbourne. It is uncharitable to a degree to cast this in his teeth, and to say to bim— " Because you bad a fit before, which disqualified you from giving evidence, you are unfit now to give evidence here." This is pressing a man's misfortune against l.-im io an unwarrantable way; he gave his evidence in as straightforward and clear a mauner as I haTe ever heard a man give evi-' dence in my life. He was examined and cross-examined at Melbourne, and his evidence was most consistent. When he spoke' about the ridge which the Commissioner told him he could not have, he swore the Commissioner 6aid he could not possibly have it, because there would then be no outlet for the Bimbalingel cattle, the \- fact remains . that the Commissioner did assign that as a reason why Stammers could not take the ridg". Looking at Beckham's amended descriptions which shew6 au ignorance on bis part as he himself admitted as to. the course of the river, can you be surprised when he makes an error in SO important a point as that that he gives a reason why Stammers could not take the ridge, that, is to us at the .present day with our superior lights, unintelligible. This letter was written by him to Stammers although it does not now exist, and my learned friend sneeis at k,but it is impossible to refute a sneer. It does not follow because the letter was burut that it never existed. Stammers simply says 1 wrote to theCommissioner, and got an answer and acted vpon it ever Since. My learned friend, yesterday, praised the human intellect-for the ability men displayed in remembering, for years, what affected their own business— and now he says—" how can this man remember about the letter he speaks of." Why it was directly in the course'of his business that : he wrote to the Commissioner. . The 'first duty he had to do was to ascertain the country he had to occupy with his stock. He conld not recollect >ery well as to dates, it is true he could nnt say whether he wrote to the Commissioner in 1843 or 1845, ' but I make my learned friend a preseat of this, that'my witness was not to be depended on'as to dates, though he is a good witness as to farts:' If the Commissioner is tobejadgedby his power or facility for remembering dates, he would not be • classified with the best witnesses. ' I was referring tothe'vident'e' of Stammers, whose Credibility Was impeached by my learned' friend. That impeachment ' extends, indeed, to the : whole of the witnesses oa our side. • He bolsters up his case in this way, saying that .our witnesses are to be regarded as untruth'uL But I demur to hiS'doctum that it%onld require alsirge amoant of gulibility to rely upon what Stammers has ventured to say. It must be remembered'these-witnessesare not selected by us promiscuously • from ; all the world. They have been' either owners of these ' particular runsj superintendents, overseers, or stockmen, and we did not make.them so. If you refer' to the* -chronological chart,'yon will see that the* whole of the 1 oversea a and stockmeir engaged oh these runs, except those who bave Shuffled off jbis mortal coil, 'have given evidence in this owyknd my learned^ friend says that their" evidence ia our'favoris uot-^'b* believed, that what (hev say is -irrelevant,' or if relevant,it ishot true. -.--.-. . Mr. Stephen:l only impeached the evidence" ef Fox. ' ' " •*" • ' [' -" Mr. Robertson: Their'evideaee is ooBsiatwitirith • facts, as admitted^ aide,' and particularly theieviderice bf Staminem Who said theni i '-was! a' dispute about tb^ ridge. abd thbt it was re-; ferred to the Commissionerv ' Mr. Beckham, : and. Boucbem, their own witness, prtived thoBame tbing.f It would appear that they claimed two or threei 8tarting'point*, and'whatever the difference is, a*, shewn by the. evidence, as to the precise print, -for the pnrpuse of this enquiry it has oeen fixld by onr chart. •"••'•'• The Arbitrator: Yira most remember thatnoone was m'orta^juainted ^with it than^ Mr. Stewart, the man »gm£y;iferk to : Malleson and England—you could mihQy biiid hiiu down to a point, -becacse he pat % Tins fixed line' cf Sinbdbgtl is madei to'gO to' the boundary of Woojeo, .whereas it goes amiljs.intoiWooyeo.' I do^tifa&krtbeyaK; bbuadby^Kalt. ''•'' - ,'-'.""..v-.,.^''-.j • Mr. ; Robertson: We ^agreed'tb be t:li(>hnd -by it; it wsis a solemn compact ^seartswwfc what took'place at Hay' when theother«ide Hahned'- that the lineit^as peering the-Bald 'HiHar-^hiRdiiK: , be fixied.like'&C; lawis of tbe ^eda- ahd ^eti^iaK nie tnamikit it was liciSwli^es, to.,' »lMeh;l''"thc^ht:;iit.WM : ;.j^ On^erstO(Kl ; I bad made speri^l not be considered as finally. - coaclnrivF,- Hiy learn^ frieiid said they kntutt be ; r^gu^ed a* ]fix^,'«nd yon decided^ Mr. .Um|nife. .'-'•" -'. "• < •; : ' V '•'[.• ° "I'h^AVbiBatur : The-hJ»to^ rfit lsSnidy -tlSs.-= hen '^i'' 'v^s. ^^^fH^ni-CMitniit^W&ydiitttiif;' deSmbda^fsii^gB^iid bntMa cai^edlto J * he-tbi ' " " fpip^.l.., " .. ..open question/' I;canaot'j that j laid down «p Robertson says, toilbide by .ill detail ..could "^^fipi^n^ii^^^l^^ matter of detail, ood hr .Mr. '-Robertson itt wmldUtf wfe^^^jfay^' of trouble to have it eea^la^d ' > c v Mr. Stephen t If &'jq» My^tf- iM'iii&milf;'t' agreed upon, the time to «6iSi f ; been at the beginning of the jhyktlg^adn^ ' Mr. Robertson y It.is fortanate fat m« that tMi ' matter was originally agitated fh& tlrt rtherjoint ' of view. Jt ia fartunato .fiv me dttH wi* Twba' ' Baggeated that we ?h6M not be bonnd ty etrrf - ' line upon this num—whkb sbggestiw m' ' 1 sa uted by the other side at Hay. f- '•" Mr. 8tephen: i eonslUewd' that: yoa fetteMr^ * your position by giving op the Bald Hills fa it* 3 then position. "" • .-''• 1 *'•-''• Mr. Robertson : I never did sb-^QaTd' Iftlfr* ' was there, (locality panted out^ il lieTeif'ttifc'^ that position. ' ' ; r ''' The Arbitrator: No, jtou did not.- ~ ' Mr. Robertson: I; said then that Rrtd'HfllkSrarf there (p^iition pointed ont) wbta for Cantarlo, No 2. Although «e te^id '-ah*'' two lines should start from the same pomt/it 'itn*' still a qqesdon where that pointw^s'te theirit^ (t. ' ' self. The evidence wasnot nnneccssijj Wfix-ihe^ point, but now it is fixed, the two lbieS RTartfrdm tlw- v same point. If We hit the {ufedse spot Miea ' ruled those lines, it is correct, and wherever «Mr spot is the two lines b^gin at rtey «t«rr ,; ' Com the same ' spot.' The' ' evidibniee off 1 the other side about the . hut. theN* the yard, of which hot vestigerem&at;,-w*m •' that Bouchem said he. thoogbt tre bad' obliterated the stumps/ That say, fixed. If the other side is aHoired td : "depart ~ from that point, it is mating a change lii th» '• position of the parties, and the dHficnlHes of-the case are only beginning which might jokfily as, If the award was net such as we approve of, in : tiyihg to set it aside. The Arbitrator t I do nnt remember what ypa : : state about the lines faking plave^-when did It ; occur? \- i. r ; Mr. Robertson: When I began to'efcaMm U to the position of Bald Hills, tbe othrr vid*'siid/' "That question i« settled." ' My flrgamentHlkm ' that I had suggested these mrt^cnlatiUetdMmld not be binding, but you rhlea MttSU^v and^that the red dots bonnd th'em 'tmd tbe black bound me. ' ' Mr. Stephen: I do not reediest tfaf."' The Arbitrator: I had no such meahiiig as that 1 the map was to be binding in all cai£&\- 1 - > Mr. RobertsonThen under whaf dfieumshmne* : could I have alluded-tb these lines P Uhlnls Yha^ been trying to- show some there not ,idrewit map, no contention conld have arue^,' said two or three times the position cf Bald ;ai« was fixed by this map. Mr. Stephen: You admitted Bald Hills waa ait the south of Wooyeo. '' Mr. Robertson: If I hadnbt b^fn oh abmepdint' endeavoring to get away from that map, the discussion would not have arisen. -'"'' •'"'• ' "• • • . The Arbitrator: Even if I bpd given that decision, I do not believe that it, was' cpmpletely bfaid-' ing. Either party has a right to M inco~*reigr4*< tail, bnt you possibly may say tha T t lt- is vot th« habit in cases like Ibis to : go into en^ -dflteOs.' Bimbalingel is a mile wider on fhw map than it U < in reality, and some portion of Woojeo ts -iiicladed< in Bimbalingel here. ' .••jib Mr. Stephen:' t asked Commissioner Bockham' 1 where the Bald Hills were, and that show*- : position was not settled; • ' t ,riti:rv. Mr. Robertson: That' doit not fellow, beckae* ' you asked for the poipose of showingthat the trrfe > position of Bald Hills was 'knOwn whW^ the tender for Cantarlo No. 2 was sent-ini - • - - 5 w- ' The Arbitrator: You said in'Melbourne yoh' would leave the Bald Hills. • ^ Mr. RobertFon : Was that to prevent yoa a^h^ Beckham where Bald Hills was thought to lutffr been years ago? ' The ArMtrator: The red'Iin*s>wt^e 1 put theAbecanseit was an open question, - '•"'• .••>•«•• ' Mr. Robertson: You ruled at' Hay 1 the question, was settled, and that it was a^ fixed^ point.--I member I felt justified at'Hay in trying'-io «hew -ltwas still an open* question; I foiled tamyendeavor and I was overruled.- — -- . ' • •• - < .... The Arbitrator: It it eorioas I shotild stiHthinkit necessary to have evidence upon Bald Hills. > t Mr.'Robertson: I have no doabt' I eaa vakktn affidavit, and procure the affidavits'afoth<irp^nMW who were piesent, that I- was bcirhe doiRt in'tny opposition on this point and fixed to^tbe-mmp. bitwas the solemn rulings the Umpire lb at 'Twasbound by the map. 1 = i!^.. - The Arbitrator: I wish to say it was an openquestion. \- . . . . t . .r ...-.-.,: Mr. Robertson: f suggested it wss as ,4ar as Bald : Hills was craec-rued; I « aROter ^ still open for disenssioo, remembering protest'-' I lodged in town after seeing 'my >client;- ruled to be in error,- and I ^ bowed ,to rdin^ icf the Court-as became me. Tbey: have -statrd ranr and ever again when all partite wererpeesent^Yttet -we ought! to buy (his Bald iUiils'-ran beeaw^ k was fixed. The Umpire wrote a^letterto Mfggv gestirg that we sbonld bay -this- Bald Iiilb >rati because it wasfixed. >-• r •r^n'^r- v-i 'lhe Arbitratcr: I think I saM ;ialhai lettnv ia case it was.' given against yon. - < I taosHdered >|t an open question es; to where-BsU-tHilb is-to-be. ' Mr. Ilobertson ^ The raling- was< csbjectifef -conversation between B)3rself 'asd':my .clitBts, and I- have no doubt -if. those ;pereeee,-.wee polled who were «wt utin the Gowt-teitoatHfcy, they- wbnid say t am justified <i tu |iiy stMsiiMw't I -roeeUoct that Mr. England,' whb > bad ao i^lit to speak*- said we wrre bOoad rby regard loBM Hills. vlt woold faaaaad'thiMilM me to think- icooldiliave faiien int»the«noijdrM)^posing that this .point was fixed,land thep find ilrtt Bo suchralingwas made. \\-t .--jjchsfti-i The Arbitrator: I hav» va.JtoAk i»3mjr own mind where it is, bnt I havo been open toSiganht all aiong as to whare it is. ^ Yoa ba^e taben^ a meaning from my Words l didnotiatrnd^liryilhoald have.Why sheold I have-exaeinadi fiaeUmlio carefully oti:this-pcnnt. - i-it JJur.*.i.'.iir^n* : :• Mri Robertaonc I askedOwerin sbottt tfylBJd Hills, heeanM I wished «MkMr it.-iwaetiiptjvwdi known ;wb«n *he tendsrfi>r i Ca&t;*rkf drawn oat, where Bald Thr rttbitrithr-; rrram[nrit fte^Ip^rffnllj ia oider; to hsTii'thcj^MiitfliwflfdhiipolMfclBsil^. i Mr. Robertson :We had »ot<do^.widkJt:§wauu» ^ wasswdone of tiie boondaiy jiiiaa Sqi 2.dependedupon it,-iaad.tw:thft«tl»r^i dearored to have. that fixed by arose—Was .the^j-trae -forftiolt^i^ij^fflfc^ known. : by< Bagot^ !wfi«--:-Ae.u^n'* Cantarlo- H«v -tti That. arM/^o the- ! examM^tion i oa .; bftfa] tilt&kZ;, •till neceAsary that evidence ^toaldlbftjl «ald HiUs,-to »ee if Bagot ikne# Hills.waswheuhexetttifivbi^ tarlo,No.2. Ittndersteritaityi^ _ plained to my learned&^j^ &t;^Sl^^ seoted what eaiih pay^y jd jiH^ jmdtjaoy' W ^ Mr.Umphe/yonawoirt.ho^t^^^thejlp^ The ArbitiftUtr i Ob^^M.t. but i mutate detail*.. ; ? ,''! . i »« Mr. Roberisqn: Then T. «ay of &* other side wbo- dre«- th^t r ddwdon *s to the fence ^ started i from the j n n . : . . _ • - ' "• * m-iJi ••" ^ veryjhi&tf; jtace ilutti fiut ' t o b e indicated,j t h e y B t u t e d from t h e '' " '..'.Jbtjfc l y s a v ^ t h n f . t h f e t W o pofotB there, - t h e conrfect Jyou e a y y o u g$t -tfcf w l l i ! ttrantw'tt *Miiot 13>e Ai&tim;^r'i^ t»ve 'i»t>£ thenaostdistant tW eoUectkb: j^(»a^hi|ng,of ftei^ind --thst >«nld jbe giving jm* wi^opjb^fcrp thie question -was settled Mr. tiobeniion: We discussed die matter after returning; B Ha^, and: l^tatfd,. in the presence j «r«irF ,, ^wbtti i^ggwinir a corn promise, AM: r f.epjiiAwrd'Ij bad ;*u'eieieeded upon the wouth Uh>; .In piardto tbe .nn.Qndemt^ding ax to tbe ' of; lihjB tnap.1 must Console mysfclf. with thk, reflect]cm, tfcatlif U w»* ray error it was shared in f^'aiy>|ti«n<s tpjwhom t am responsible. It is dicbtgenB'^rof my. leftriied friend to sty that be- .there jlwas evidence taken about tbe Bald Hills,,ihatit^was not fixed. It was necessary for him to tjy in get out. that Bagot know the true position <|f jBdd. j Hills . when her tendered fur Canta^nNojg,. j Mr. Stephen: Tbe prevailing idea in my mind was tjp xaisejthig Qrgument, tbat everybody knew where BaidiUiUs Was. 'It showed how ignorant Daniel 0*Sallivan tauat be to s ty it was in some other part of the country. -^lr.f^obert*op Cnrr brought back the news ftrnb.Syftaeyi* 8 a : piece of news, that BaldHill* «u -ai... j.thfe. back, of Wooyeo. As to the,. starting point,, I am content to leave the ; evidence to sp^ak Jor itself. I have already.read.the evjdeqce of Cable. Smith, Mr. Daniel O'SoJiivan, Foxind others. The evidence on the jptherindr was principally that of B»nchem, Digiiam, .andM'Carthy., M'Carthy cays, "Mr. .Beckham pointed to the rid-res as the boundary to the highest peak hear Rome's Gap, and told Hy- Iand.be ronfd take those ridges rr his boandary. Hjdand said, Tim Sullivan paid f»r more country than thai. Beckham answered, ' It is not what he paiid for, it is what I allow him.'" .This; was Hid whet) Hylnnd objected to the Jollingong rnn b«iqg curtailed by the line tbe commissioner was -Biarking out, and that shows they were not rati tied to thf> area they now claim. Although the starft'ngipnint is to be regarded as a moot question —my impression abont the evidence on this point is,,that, it;is strongly in our favor. It is said now <h«t the tree Bouchem says was marked has disappeared, and the insinuation is that it has been jrot.fidpf hy*s—bat it is in evidence that the tree Bosshm ^lked of has been a stamp for the last twenty- five,.years. It has been proved to have beenaatamp ior twenty-five years, and saplings of about that age had grown np from the old stem ciqse it had*, been cut down, so that, in this instance so : far " as natt re speaks, her testimony was :ja oar. favor. The marks upon the other jtjweSj^fjere shown to be of an ige which we had endeavored to.prove they were. The fence is sworn tojta^e; gone .on the outside of one tree and inside aoQther. it?^ have proved, therefore, that if we have 'ue^;,,.t|he fence upon the precise line which /- have been our boundary, it is within itj ':.^£iee^jdencf about the hut is in our favor, too, fbrthe hot spoken of in the description must be tqkepio h« jthe hnt which existed. At the time the €fatette was published, and not the hut which existed ,«ujy in. the memory or imagination of BuooheiP- i ffow T come jto the description itself— the south line. I have heard a good many arguments dn the course of my life, and seen counsel eoptand with great difficulties, but T ggver saw a counsel j cont«id with such a difficulty as •the one my learned friend had the courage io grapfde with. He has endeavored to •ahow that .a south line is n»t a south line, but * Motherly; one. 8outh is one thing; southerly another, and if my learned friend becomes, as I hope he Will* die owner of a yacht, 1 trusthe will not tall his helnuraan to go southerly when he means •oath, or probably be will go ashore when he does mot Wish it We are told, amongst other groM statements, that this line should met be aonth, because the compass changes every year. I never heard in the course of my life a more •bwird etatenfent put forward. It shows they po?- mm unbounded confidence, or else it shows a defi eiency in eommon sense. Are we to be told that because* adentifically speaking, there may be an alteration in the variation of the compass in the course of* year, tbat lines fixed north and south are not to be considered so ? Because by the calculations of astroboaners as to tbe effect of the. precession, it has been-: demonstrated tbat the Southern Cross was visible in Epgland 4000 years ago. it might as well he argued that its.tain Southern Ctoes was a misnomer, as itjhad not always been a southern constellation ; [and beeaufce owing to the resisting medium «toed in space, and by which the world's an- •oal progress round tbe sun was yearly slightly, but in an^ alntpit imperceptible degree, retarded,.but •everdiriees whieh appreciable delay might in Aa_eoone:of countiess ages cause an alteration a Pf ttie earth's axis, and the mouths to nil in different seasons, and January to become a " f " " «t«tb in England and a winter month here; it might as well be urged that it could •ot, with, propriety and fin- all practical purposes, be-said that January always £ad been and always Would be a winter month at home, and the wwerfe het». ; Changes such as these I have allii^d ti^ are'only to be taken notice of by philosophers when-treating of an exart science, and the yearly variation of t h e compass is only to be taken wogaisanMinf a s a c h a n g e of a similar kind; but to^naport" t h e s e abstruse pmporitii.ns into the TiikiujOfsaif everyday life, or to quote them as^figct- • • j^^> i "P re P°« teroni «lf absurd. To argue •eri«iMyfG«8nst the proposition that a sontb line w n o t a e a a t h line is beneath roe, and I will ,ia«s it bye, a n d will only s a y t h a t if upon such ground t a e t t — k a s n t w h p t t w - their e * 8e * tbey ^ in « pitiable plight indeed, fiw there wonld be, according to their argnvmnt, normeh thing as a fixed boandary line any- Whaw. ^-We- havenothing to do with the antedi- - hwtory of Bimbaliogel. We take it a« the Oovemment choose to offer it, and they have offered Why tbe south line;and by the same name. They '<nerrd;itjfor tender witb certain metes and bounds as Simbalingel; and because somebody else held • pieee of eoontry of the . same name, bnt perhaps with a limited area, we are told we ^ ^ restricted by it. The asserrion is so (barovghly absord,*hat it is difficult to treat it wrth^iflWentgravity. If we purehased fiom Tim ^jran^inighthave^omethmg to do with it. ' have fallen back upon bi« predecessors, and that would have taken ns to 1848. But we ®«not*o;ihBft heyrtd 1«S5. It is conceded the *»CTip<H« was pohKrfied in the Gazette, wbieh • •aeahM hraasdf prodoced. If the mnth line is regvded as open to dispute because of the variatkms v«f Oavotlpan iwy year, it will apply to all the reMrftbeixrtndaries thronghoutNew Seath Wales ^*^Wnti«ispa«icalarTnn. If this mopaation • will unhinge and unsettle altogether. For all practical purposes, ... Purpose connected with the metes and W a n d s of tuns, the poists of the compass are the b « n d a r i e » j and to talk of loealor annual variatkms of eompaas, is fiusieal. This ran is numbered 26- It goes firf=t before Ulambong, far you may. be ^bonld have heard of it, if it were second, •iw bere's thedescription of it, (Descripfion read.) • I have urg*a »y learned friend since the«ase began to abandon this south line, for they were contending m a tfaing ithey really could not get, and it was a .waste tf time to attempt jr. .Wbep,. they put m that letter,yesterday, to shew they had eoneeded it Government they said it was a comer, and Jth^T gave it up. They said " we give up the cor- "Of give ns onr lease. And (tow they say, they. .^^jSTOftop, mad never gave it op. Sofaritjs ^^ they have not given it np, becao«e they had no ^%ht to it. They do not prett-nd their description gave thprn;the south-east'line^. The descriprion hf Jcdllngdon'gnras thus: " Related area 30,000. eaf^bilities 760 eattle.^ Bounded on the •sit by^ja Ipe soo& six aiiles- eo^meueing: on the - L a o b h r n balf-a-mae tast oMollingdm hut w h i e h iKw the Bimbalingel^an west by "•a Hn^of na^kea tee^s at the Jot^gCicr west side of a |>Mn 1^oa|«n« «me'«ast t>f l^Aa^tock^rd and 'the WwMrtmtainS sht jn|((Bfhe pWn fbrmiogthe : ft met^4^eLw^|iinJlivernorthth<> " " l&e;' ttnniheneing ^at the 'The <*wo : deintr^aotndietioB^t&ey;' ! t w o -Knes ^precisely * n d Ifnehtl .per-^ that there _ , _ .HMEtfttitfilfcte " n t h i s j H « n t is i m p r £ g n able. ^ I f it ia • r w ^ l i a e T a n n i n g s a n t h t o t h e " f. w h a t is the iWMf.ttgMf&ij; es4hmt, there is t h e evident*: l i ^ a l t h M g h oonflicti)9,maioly; - > o&tpredeeesMf; obtains the tight to get certain eobhby,*nd has acqnbed by that right acertain tothelease. J refenowtoth'e-old land regnlatiohs to shew th&t;* forfeiture of tberunsplaees them hi the same ppshftonas new runs withregard to leases. (Clause read toproveit.) As to the ppimfee jjf/a'lease, the* ktandin^he MD6 position the boundaries are to be ascertained. ' The point was suggiestedtbereinigbt be Something abont ttaf. I-eontendtbatTOy'learncd friend'mnst now " go the whole hog," and »ay it was a forfeited ran before it wastfttained by or, and,' therefore, not entitled to a lease at all. The leases were to issue after the adjustment Wan published in the Gazette. Some hint was thrown obt abbot Mr. Commissioner Beckham's proceedings by my learned friend in hi* opening ad drew, and repeated in his closing address to the thi •effect that 1 these line« were intended to have ran at right angleo to the river. That being tbe evidence of Becklam, my "learned friend concluded that Beckham and everybody else was mistaken as ot the course of the river, and, therefore, my learned friend argues that the south must have been given by mistnke. I take up this position—mistake, or tio mistake, we are entitled to the lines. The case upon which I rely is the case of Richards v. Whilford. I will read a brief summary of it. (Ca«e read ) The Government have power after certain preliminary steps, to promise a lease. Tn that case this was a run described originally, and tendered for as five miles back, and ten miles long. The eccupant wrote to the Commissioner for a description of his run, and the Commissioner gave hitn a let'er signed by him to the effect that his boundaries went back 14 miles. The other contending party obtained in the meantime a positive promise of this portion of thp run tnarke-1 G. His case was that Richiirds could have no title to this run, as his description was in error. That was stronger against Richards than it could be against us if there was an error in the course of the river. It would have tobesbewn that, not only was it an error, but tbat th<s line w^ts a palpable mistake. If the Government choose to give a run deliberately with a line not runnintr at right angles to the river, who could question their right to do it? Even if it was a mistake, and proves to have been the mistake of the Commissioner who said so—even then, uuder this authority it would not avail the counter claimants, because in the case of Richards v. Whitford a boundary was given by mistake of fourteen miles, when the occupant only paid for five miles, and his claim to fourteen miles was sustained. After that, what is the use of anybody saying, " Your boundaries have been given to you by mistake." Besides Bimbalingel actually is at right angles to the river. My learned friend says " some of the boundaries lower down should be also placed at right angles, and if that were done, as the river there alters its course, your lines would have to make an acute angle, and the shape of your runs should have beeu alt red." The runs were takeu up at right angles to the river, and as ours was taken up first, the next ran has to suffer because the river takes a turn, and not ours. They would say that the tup story of the house upheld the lower—but our description being the foundation upon which theirs rests, it is not to be altered to suit their requirements. What is their position then about the south line F They say side lines should run at right angles to the river. Do ours not do so? The south line is exacily at right angles to the river. What other argument remains for them to nse P They say the south does not mean south but southerly. If they deny the existence of th» Moselle, imd say we har« bo t≥, no ciescription, and we ourselves no existence, tbat the existence of matter itself is a delusion, as some philosophers have suggested— if (hey are prepared to go that length, then they may say that our south line has no existence. That sooth line has as palpable existence as any other line in the world. Then they .say that originally Ulambong had a south-east line, before the forfeiture, that it was continued undisturbed afterward', but they refute themselves by shewing that it and Bimbalingel were purchased by the same man. So what did it matter to him what was the boundary between Bimbalingel and Ulambong, when he bought both ? It was necessary when it was gold to a stranger that it should he ascertained, and the O'Sullivans ascertained they bad this south dividing line when they purchased. My clients said that if they found the south line included Jollingoug hom. stead they would claim it. My learned friend says that shews a want of conscience, and I say if the south line had included it, they would have been entitled to a lease of that country. We have come here to ascertain who is entitled to a lease of this couDtry —entitled to it according to a description, and by the Orders in Council with the lines given in this Gazette. It must be remembered the Government are the grantors in this case, and as between the litigating parties we are entitled to have the wording of our grant interpreted in the manner most favorbale to us. When each of the parcels of land is divided by a south - line, on what grounds does my learned friend ask that it should be altered? I have heard of the anediluvian period of of Bimbalingel, and something bout the compass and its variations, but nothing lse. There is the basis of a solemn compact beween us and the Government. They offer the run o all the world, we became the successful tenderers they offer tbe run by a line running south to the Back ranges, and we accept it. Now I want to now on what grounds these lines should be altered, nd who should be allowed to interfere? The decription of their ran tallies with this, and does ot leave them the vestige of a reason for seeking o disturb ps sp far as Ulambong is concerned. 1 ill remind my 1-arned friend of his expression, e said—" The Court of Equity could not allow arties to go beyond the written description where here was no ambigaity " And he assumes a priori hat someting el«e was Bimbalingel, instead of hat the Government offered. I say that forfeited runs are on die same footing a* abandoned runs necessarily. We came in as purchasers, and what rights could we have more than we tendered for ? How can we acquire coun'ry by description in the Gazette more than is offered us. Supposing that a run in this colony, or an estate in England reverted to tbe Crown by forfeiture or otherwise, and the Crown, determining to submit that run or that estate to public competition, subdivided it an1 called one of the subdivisions by the name of the original run or estate, could it be maintained that a person buying the subdivision that had received that particular name and all the boundaries of which and descriptions had been given, could claim to be the purchaser of the whole run or estate? I recollect the theory being advanced that the whole of the back country had originally formed portions of Uabba run, and that Odkes the owner of Uabba, and the subsequent owner of the same run, Bagot, had tendered for .Bald Hills and Cantarlo, No. 2., as a ronnd-abont way of subdividing the original run of Uabba. I have now to deal with another theory, that the antediluvian descriptions of Bimbalingel •ought to have been something different faxn.what the Government chose to describe it in the Gatette. We have Bimbalingel by description. The falsa demanatmtio, as the other side allege, is to be found in the description of the south line, .but we maintain that that is one of the essentials of description. The falsa demenutratio must be something that can be dispensed with without admitting an element of uncertainty. If the south line is a falsa denumstratio one of the pillars on which tbe whole fabric stands fells, as Taylor says— M If premises are described .in general terms, and a particular description be added, the latter controls the former " The very reference my learned friend made to Broom in regard to the south: line, was selected by me hi reference to the question of area, and that is the falsa demonstratio in the case. In one of theg££gg^ "Blackwood v. Mychloraine," reference was mraK to tbat fountain of law. Shepherd's "Toitcbstonel'' The falsa denumstratio is a .matter ^f .quantity, and does not affect the description, and the authority referred to is the famous old Touchstone, page 248,.which says, if we grant in : this manner all my meadow in D Containing ten acres, whereas in truth the meadow doth contain twenty acres, it seems thai^ is a good grant for the :. whole twenty w acres." I | understood tha* my learned friend conceded at Hay, after the eridence of Beckham, that the titie «f these runs were not to be-looked for beyond that forfeiture. The Arbitrator.: I. did not understand that. Mr.Stephens:Whvdid you examineStammers. • Jtfr.iJlobertson; Becapse I wanted to fix.the Back Ranges, Wjth regard to the, title of these runs, therp was ^nrver *ny. dotibt in my mind, ! had rtcpl«inMio\fny."olientth»t we eonld not ^seek for. ahythiag beyhnd that^ nor lose anything^ bejrood •thatlil^l^'CPBromberedl bad toinakeifveryaro^iynfcatigts^Hctn^got admissions from the • other side<ij]bat these .runs'iad beeu acquired by our Hede^taor by tender after forfeiture, had heard iSf the frsfeitore from the first, but ! only saw the advertisement when tiie Gazette was produead at Hay. 'aft^^^^e Smjreme Court report of Blackwood''* T- t^^yt3£lifl»rae, (report read). In men t would h a r e b e e n " N e w a n d forfeited i n n s fcheb comes'thcnam^ of the nut, thtrestimated'araa the'estimatedgranhg c a p ^ f t y , * n d iiurt«fall the' description, andtb^fcn«bytheiiderf^ which I hare already quoted|it ia plain.that the. runE were purchased bythed£scripti<>h*, and -oojtJhy! the iramecr the ant.: iscarririto this length, and I say it will be foundto be sdpported Irf the Court in ftichard^ y. •Whitfmd,.^ different occupation than the description warnlttf*^ inwK; though it might justify an act of impuunding 'ifa anv action for trespass, would not deprive a pertOn trfhiif' right tt) get a. lease according to dfismpv tion- There was a case mentioned a few dajfe ago by Mr. Isaacs, the Solicitor-fteneralj Where a settler who bad fenced off three miles of his own run in error, and allowed his neighbor to enjoy it could not bring an action,for trespass, bat when he applied for a lease by description he found he bad done himself the injustice, and tbe Government derided that he is to get these three miles by description. When a description is said to be north and south it must be held to be so, and neither party, can have the power to say it means something else. If there was a discrepancy between the descriptions of tbe two runs, there might he some room for my learned friend to argue. Even then, as our description had .priority we should prevail. We have nothing to do with any old descriptions of Bimbalingel. We are bound to take what we tendered for, and what we described we got. These! disputes about this boundary went back to— The Arbitrator: If advertised as forfeited- runs, it might be found that the advertisement might apply to wh-'t was known before as tbe tun. Mr. Robertson : Our case is plain - we require no supposition in our case at all. They have to suppose the Government offered something else different from what they did offer. We are to be deprived of country because tbe Government are said to have done something they did not do, and may not have intended to do. The ArI>itrator: I think that is a very strong point raised. If the run was advertised as forfeited it is open toarguinent whether that might uot mean whnt was previously kdonnas Bimbalingel. ' Mr. Robertson: The case I quoted at Hay, Campbell's case, settled thai, and that decision was strictly in accordance with the best authorities. Taylor (Evidence, p. 1028) says "that if premises are described in general terms and a particular description be addt- dv the latter controls the former. v The particular descriptions are the boundaries, there is no doubt about that, and they may or may not be the same as they were heretofore, no matter about the previous occupation, the -i^sue of the lease had to depend upon the description in accordance with which our tender was accepted wben intelli gible and uot ambiguous, and therefore we are entitled to get a lease according to tbat description. The Arbitrator: Beckham's evidence was contrary to that. Mr. Robertson: I maintain that so long as the lines are unaltered we are entitled to leases according to the descriptions. If this line previous to the forfeiture had been asserted one side or the other to have beet: erroneous, they should have set to work to get the description altered, there is no doubt, and that might have caused, and of course would have caased a description to be published different to that which was published when they were regazetted after forfeiture, but it so happens that although such an adi^iment of lj&andaries; could hare hem made be^re forfeiture," had 8Qffi. f.ent cause been shown, which might hive had the effect which I have described; it was not made and therefore no such < ffect has followed. 11 is contrary to common sense and reason to suppose we should have any claim beyond that we acquired when our tender was accepted in terms of the published description when the ran was put up for public competition. Neither can onr claim so acquired be prejiidictd by the occupation, even if limited, of the previous holders of Bimbalingel before forfeiture, between whom and' us no privity ever existed. I d» not agree that Beckham's evidence was contrary to my view, indeed, -it appears to me that Mr. Beckham's evidence so far as it is of value upon a point of law, entirely bears me out in the pnsitinn I have taken np. He appears to me to have stated that these descriptions were binding so loDg as they were gazetted, even if a restriction had been placed upon the runs by the original occupiers themselves, when in accordance with the Orders in Council they sent in their descriptions for the purpose of obtaining a yearly license or lease. My learned friend says they could have, before lease issued, withdrawn their descriptions and amended them in accordance with their original occupation, and perhaps they might, although that was carrying the matter to a great length—but that was not done in this case in regard to Jollingong eren if it could have been done. I contend that tbe description as accepted, amended, or gazetted binds ali squatters, otherwise there would be nothing but uncertainty as to boundaries throughout the colony. And leases can only he got on the terms of those recognised descriptions. 1 assert this advisedly, and 1 invite the attention of any member of our Bar who reads this report, fearless of contradiction. The description is the foundation upon which the lease must rest, and if the occupant of even an old run is not satisfied with it, he must get it altered before he puts it in evidence as proof of a promise of a lease. Mr. Commissioner Beckham says that the descriptions were submitted to him before tbey were gazetted, and it is therefore clear that they had to be token literally as they ap peared in the Gazette, for better or worse. After the forfeitureoftheruns theybecameasnewruns entirely, and I have never heard anybody dispute that. If the evidence given bv Commissioner Beckham on that subject has any force, it is dead in my favor. Mr. Commissioner Beckham said, in answer to questions upon this point, pot by you, Mr. Umpire: " The description of these runs, iu the usual coarse d of business, I think would be submitted to me before they were gazetted. When they were gazetted in the usual course of business the descriptions had to be taken literally as they appeared in the Gazette, for betterior for worse. The descriptions in the Gazette, I consider, would overrun any previous description as boundaries between parties. After the forfeiture of the runs they became new runs entirely. That is now I look upon it, as meaning when a ran became forfeited, it becomes vacant Crown land" and in reply to me, Mr. Commissioner Beckham said—" I have never known a case where a person obtaining a run by tender, gazetted by the Government contended with the Government as to the boundaries. I have never heard of a rase where a party under such circumstances disputed with his neighbors. The boundaries are invariably accepted literally as gazetted." I say again these gazetted descriptions are binding, and I think it of no use for my learned" friend to talk of what he called an antediluvian period, when the runs might, or might not have been held in accordance with the descriptions. It was necessary the-e descriptions should be gi; en before the runs were put up to tender. (Clause read from the Act shewing the neces- °f,tbe descriptions being given before being g -zetted.) The moment the run is forfeited, the Government is bound to publish a notice'in the Gazette, submitting it to public competition, and describing the boundaries. Were people to he told that this ran was not bounded by the lines as stated in the Gazette f I think that w< old not be a fair or satisfactory proceeding. My friend says we have to do with what he calLs the antediluvian history of these runs-^but it appears to me that tbe argument is the other way, aud by-and-bye we shall be told that because we have -become the possessor of a run which was held by a party who was hanged, we are therefore particeps criminis. Then is nothing iu the fact that my learned friend lays such stress upon, that there was no dispute about this south line during Tim Sullivan's or Oakee' time, because Bimbalingel and Jollingdng having passed into the same hands had, for practical purposes, become absolutely merged into one run, and were occupied as one ran. But previous to Sullivan's time there had been this dispute about this line, which had been'settled. The Jollingong.stockman, Fox, says when the two stations were in different hands he submitted to the south line when informed that it was in accord«nce with the Government deseription. My learned friend thmigbt this was strange, and so he got out of the difficulty by saying the witness could ttbt. be trusted, and that What he' says occurred iii$Is time about the south line could never have happened; let us therefore (oramine his statements—what he says amounts to^«hi*—there was a dispute about this line; the Coniminioner was applied to; he referred to his bonk, and in - formed the contending parties the line was a-sooth line. Ntiw, if it.bad been alleged' thM the Communoneriiad desrtibed the line As baviogaity other hepuiiigjFox'* evidence mi^t h^dooblMB^tit is tvlmitiud that ou reference to his bo(ik the%Ktfe&nissioner; ctmld only give a south lins^.thaf h&Bg;&frdescription; upon record, so (hat this cmiobucates Fox's evidence In the strongest posmble ^naaiia; That there had ibeen * refei¥nee to the Commissioner was proved by Boucbem and other witnesses besides Fox—that die Commissioner's record showed a south lueis admitted-^and -Tst the statem e n t j ttefc o p o n that^ j ^ ^ ^ d i e o n l y line h e ooold _ , tolt^patlfe^lglAmald. not in ^ujcbrdanceVwithUs omciu xettcd, then,eonl<l^tririflnrebeAobbted. Itlunuli> sites me 3b thinfc'ib U nxpiifei Jto est^^ tbl8 ^ t , ^en iirUji (mbafcili: ties ; are ib bur..fi^dr, ahd all the cjreom- Wanre* sBjrSradihg. the ihwe t h e truthful ness ^^Ya^Hitsofout- witnesses. The evidttwe ' was made to Conrmio- »krti«-BeeSh^for the bbundaries,and l say he .ftrolq hive given no : other boundaries than oar witnessesswore h'e gave, because be bad no power to give any other. It is utterly improbable that a south-east line could be made, for the Commissioner had nothing to guide him, but the recognised description, and that gave the sooth line. My learned friend said there were two strong points in my case—the south' line and the Back Ranges. With regard to the strength of the south line, he seems to have taken heart of grace, and thinks it is not so strong after all. I would not wish for A stronger position than that line affords. I have the description and the evidence concerning it—what more do 1 want? But that does not satisfy my learned friend, for he says 1 must find something else. One witness says Commissioner Beckham was written to, and he sent him the boundaries, and other witnesses swear they were told that those sent by Beckham were the boundaries—they say they were told so by Beckham himself—that the two lines of Bimbalingel ran south. My learned friend blows hot and c»ld—sometimes he says or seems willing to admit that our description was given ns by mistake, but when 1 am willing to meet him on tbat ground and upon the authority ofRichard Whitford to say well if it was a mistake ( which of course I don't admit), we are entitled to hold by it, notwithstanding the mistake. My learned friend then veers and says " Oh S but I don't admit that your description admits of the interpretation you put upon it, and as south means southerly there is no mistake, and in ibis manner my learned friend t«kes care not to get in a corner and tak*s advantage of all sorts of arguments, no matter how inconsistent. He advances first one argument and then another, but by pressing none too strongly seeks to escape being brought to an issue. He says this description is a mistake, and that Commissioner. Beckham when he made it thought the river ran in another direct.on; but if I want to argue that, then my learned friend says it was not a mistake. My learned friend assumes there was a mistake, and we must therefore benefit by it. My position is this, that if it is proved that by mistake we had got more country than it was intended Bimbalingel should compass, then I say, under the authority of the case I have already quoted, we are entitled to retain it. Mr. Stephen: That case is in my favor. Mr. Robertson : I think I have said as much as I need say in regard to that south line. It appears to me to be beyond all doubt that we must get that line, and thereiure I will pass from this subject to the back boundary, another strong point, as my learned friend said, in my case. There are in my case these two very strong points it « S true, bat there is nothing so stromr fttf y 0U ^ ^ „ somethrngtodeb^ rrom its ^ ^ n o ^ rtro^ thai- . -i«ngin, nor so strong I th* y ieiiy imagine Bomef ' oa cannot e«oiiy Imagine something stronge?, but fei ail that 1 hope hope my my two two strong stron paints will prove strong enough to entitle ns to the countiy we claim. I find the description of Bimbalingel to be as follows:—"East by a line commencing on the south bank of the Lachlan River, half-a-mile east of the hut, and running south to the Back Rauges; west by a line commencing on the south bank of the Lachlan River, half-a-mile from the Jollingoug hut end running south to the Ranges; south by the Back Rauges; north by the Lachlau River. There is the description, but it is contended on the other side that there is no difference between the Ranges and the Back Ranges. We have prett well established what the Ranges are, and I thinL I shall succeed iu shewing that it has been equally well proved what are the Back Ranges. My learned friend argued there was no difference between the .Ranges and the Back Ranges—I say there is both a distinction and a difference. I will now examine tl e evidence both pro and con, and the finit mention of the Back Ranges was that made by Thomas Fox. he says—"mv boundary ran towards a high peak in the Back Ranges; we did not call them the Urals, we called them the Back Ranges." Daniel Greenfell says, " the Back Ranges is a spur of . the Urals," which is not very intelligibly Then James Dignam says " I know the Back Ranges; they are fifteen miles from the nver. He knows them; they have a local habitation and a name. Hoosie says, «• the Back Ranges I understood to be the ranges on my plan to which the red jiues go." Thomas Fox's Pn-r'. evidence is rat „.u— her adverse to us. H says the Back Ranges were the Urals. }} W , tbe same with re S* rd to him, as with M'Don»ld. It must be remembered that the Back Ranges were back to Fox, who was not a stockman at Bimbalingel, but at Jollingong, so when he speaks of tbe the Back Ranges they are the ranges which are the back ranges of that run; it was the «ame with M'Dunald, who had had only to do with the Jollingong ran. In answer to yoa Mr. Umpire, M'Donald said the Back Ranges were the ranges back from the river, but his stand point of view of course was the Jollingong frontage The most conclusive evidence given on this subject was tbat of Stammers. This was the great point he came from Carcoar to Melbourne to prove. He said—« I know the ranges called the Urals ; the ranges that run at the back -of th* stations ; they aro from six to eight or nine miles back from tbe n ver. I know the ranges called the Back Ranges; I cannotsay exactly, they may be from ten to thirteen mijes. Standing hn the Bimbalingel frontage, I can see the Urals and also a portwn of the Back Ranges." That is not contra- h icted, and it is good evidence until it is gainsaid. If my learned friend had thought he could hare ventured to ask his witnesses about these Back Ranges, he would have done so, bnt he has not asked one of them, not even M'Donald, and therefore that evidence retinitis uncontradicted. The fact remains there are ranges known as the Ranges six or eight miles from the river, and ranges known as the Back Ranges, at a much greater distance from die river. Mr. Stephen Bounded on the back by the Back Ranges. , Mr- Robertson: I admit it says upon the sontb by the Back Ranges, but do notshrink from the difficulty my friend, by his question points to, namely, Aat the ranges which are mentioned as the Back Ranges do not ran right across the back of the run, and therefore would not form the south boundary; but I say that it was not absolutely neces-ary^hey should do so, that our dlfccription would be: sufficiently exact, notwithstanding a discrepancy here; and that moreover this description would apply with almost equal force to the Urals which they oail the Back Ranges, bewnse they dp .qoLpin right across the ran, and therefore would IkilTSalbrin the south boundary as defined in the description. There is the map—the Ranges, and the : Back Ranges are .positively sworn to by Stammers, who, on cross-examination said There.weremnsters when I visited the station these ien or eleven times—the neighbors were present I was present at the Bimbalingel. musterf-the Back Ranges and die Urals were known to these people 'by these names the mountains altogether, the Urals and Back Ranges together were not called the Back Ranges—they w«e quite distinct." I say with confidence, that evidence being uncontradicted, must be received as being uucontrovertable. My learned friend did not contradict it—he had every opportunity to do so seventeen witnesses were entrained, and not from one ha8 he got a direct contradiction .as to these ranges. There was some evidence given by Mr Daniel G'Sullivan, who says—« Bagot told me that Bimbalingel from its description must have a sloping boundary a* the back, as one line went to the Back Ranges, and tbe other to the Urals, and it was in consequence of that.he had the east line of tbe Bald Hills drawn »oath-*asterly to include what was kept outside -the description of; Bimbalingel " Here we,have Bagot saying as Stammers said, that tiie Urals were the .Ranges, and the othrn, the Back Ranges. The Arbitrator: My award will be independent of the statement of any individual. Everybody, was in confusion about the runs, and nobody more so tbanBagot. Mr. Robertson: Our right is. contested by the succeworsof Bagot, and are we, wbose predeoesiw acquired this ran by tender from the Government in accordance with die jgazetted description, to W oastedbvihesiicress(wofii- Mibi«eqnentit«ideter,wbo evidently £ncw.ni>ihing of the (Kwitinn «f tbe country. ^•wnglbrf. iUnfortunately iirehas^notu JMbnens 4-complete *>py oftht-<?asett«^uinin*' t h e a d v e x t w e m i m t p f B i m b J j p g r f ^ b ^ ^ ^ i a f i e , •presumed, for tbe ; sakeioF- Aigotaent, t h a t t h e a d - vertisement w a s h e a d e d Forfeited B « * » m The rest we h a v e , andwe find first titenuwofjthe t h e n die estimated graxing eapsbilitfc lasdy, dw.desonpdoB, and therefore, of '. t h e rnle of enostnietion; t h e words " forfeited u d l A e iname: eihoired m e ^ ^ r ^ b u ^ bsl<mgedW«a* wMJtVM tte otlnutaa a M ^ w a s t h a t ^tfirin tfce-famfla^ W B u t ' m y learned frie^ -says t h e B a d t R a m g e i claimed - hy.^W tetoM t h e deseriptiimand look a t t h e statenriaitoftSiamm e n ; w h o ^ y s , s t a n ^ f i t g 6 n t h e BbnbaHflgel front-i age, I can sets t h e U r t l s , a n d also a p o r & m / o f tfce B a c k R a n g e s . If n o o n e b a d sworn t l m * e m i * t h e . B a c k R a n g e * , it would h e a strong presamptifla, that when two ranges are mentioned, those last- describedare^heBMkRanges. The ArbitratorWhen yon stand on <hefrnfttag» looking at the Urals, yoa see nothing beyind it, ex' ceptat a particular point. Mr. Robertson : As the grantees of a promise , of a lease of this country,'we are entitled, as between party and party, to have the language of the? grant interpreted in the manner favorable to as, and wbeft we find the description states the run is bonaded by ranges, and back ranges, and that there are ranges, and also other ranges, which may be called Back Ranges, and that both ranges are even both to-be seen from one particular position on the frontage, we find we are sorely entitled to claim the ran according to the gazetted description. The .witness Stammers says they may be seen at a particular point of Bimbalingel, and that (pointing to rmp) must be the point tn which he refers. There is the description which gives us a ran extending on die east, by a line commencing on the sooth bank of the Lachlan River half-a-mile «i«t of the hut, and. running sooth to the Back Ranges, west by a line commencing on the south hank of the LachfaB River, half-a-mile from the Jollingong bnt, and ranninr south to the Ranges. There are ranges known as the Ranges and there are ranges known' as the Back Ranges, and although it is sought by the other side to have the latter considered identical with tbe former, .1 sav they hare nothing to do with. them and although Beckham, M'Donald, and Fox spoke of the Urals as Back Range*, thatsimoly shewed that the front ranges to Bimbalingel" were the back ran tea to Jollingong. If tbe Government by mistake gave «s the Back Ranges, and did not intend our east line there to run oat so far'as it Voes,: still hy that description we are entitled to hold it < against others, and although tbe old description of Bimbalingel—the description which it had before forfeiture, and which my learned friend Jias called die antediluvian description—did speak of the east line as being identical with the west line of Wooyeo, which wa« described as a line running south eight Hnfl*s—what are we to do with that P It has not been shewn that our predecessor, the successful tenderer for the run after forfeiture, had any knowledge of that description, and even »f It had been shewn that he had, the . argument to he deduoed would have cat the other way, beesu«e he would have had a right to assume that the departure fir^a that paginal description as to the west OQSDuary of "Wooyeo had been deliberately made by tbe Government. The last portion taken np by my learned friend was this. He said—" Tou have tn recover on the strength of your title.". Bat 1 demur to this entirely. I say we are not in the position of plaintiff in an action in efectione firmtz, who must recover solely on the strength of his own title. We claim tobe already in possession. We are simply seeking to obtain a lease to which we have a right, according to ocr descriptions. We have eome here to show the grounds upon which we claim a lease; the other side claims a lease of the same eonntry under a different name. You, sir, have not j^ot to investigate oar title only, but to investigate it in comparison with theirs, to say whether ow title-is not hotter than theirs. My learned friend says, " Your title has to be measured by the standard of a perfect title: ours may be worse-than yours, hot we are not to be put to the test." 1 If out title is better, if our descriptions of Bimbal more complete than theirs of Cantarlo No 2, wehave a better right to the countiy. Ifeaeh is bound 1 to shew a. perfect title, the Government eonld have said, " So much for you, so much for yon, and tbe rest is vacant Crown lands " But they leave you, Mr. Umpire, t-> decide who is to get country, some of which is perhaps what in strictness neither party has a perfect right to. Then as to area, they are paying for 20,000 acres, and they seek to obtain a lease for 50,000. The Government sav—" We choose that the country in dispute shall be divided between the two contending parties?* And if they do so, who is to gainsay it ? My learned friend keeps their title to Cantarlo No. 2 in the back; ground. He says—t" We rely upon the weakness of your claim, and when you fail we will tell yon what Cantarlo No. 2 is." , I have marked on this map and putin evidence the description o r Cantarlo No. 1, a tender Bent by the predecessor of the defendants, who now claim die same cnun try as Cantarlo No. 21 I find Cantarlo No. 1 actually took in the verv same country they are now claiming as Cantarlo No. 2. Two things cannot occupy the sam« place at the one time. The western boundary of Cantarlo No. 1 is the eastern boandary of Cantarly No. 2, So tbat these tenders were originally for totally different eoontry. The tender wax refused, on the ground that the country was under license to Oakes. If tbat was the reason for refusing the tender for Cantarlo No. 1, it was a good reason for refusing Cantarlo No. 2. I am willing to concede that when Beckham reported upon it he did not know the relative positions of these rims, and that e thought the back, countiy of Bimbalingel was somewhere else. There are some of- these descriptions which, looking at them simply per se, can nevpr be adjusted because there were tenders amended by a gentleman who admits his ignorance of the country. But I should like to know why we, who are the successors of the oldest oorapants, should have alterations made to oar prejudice P They now claim as Cantarlo No. 2 what they claimed be'ore a* Cantarlo No. I. Why shoald we suffer from this confusion-? ' 1 say, if it cannot be adjns'ed in any other .manner, something' like a fair division shonld be made of the eoontry. We have proof that.a tender was sent in by the - Cnrrs for BimbaHngeTNo. 2, which comprises the same conntry that was tendered for as Cantarlo No. 1 and -Canterl6. No. 2. I grant there is confusion and errors in the descriptions. I say their description is fatally fitnlty in itself.; Where there are such ofevtoo* inaccuracies in it, why should we lose a portion Cautario of our No. ran,in 2, is order- altogether that, they voidfirom may .carve the oncertainty of of it, thedntcriptions, we bring older licensees I believe' than I coold they succeed f If I one pnt in were so to doing. seek The to shew description tbat the is so license vague rf and this uncertain that it dt>es aot define-any-'-area. Even a ran, Crown grant itself if described in sach terms would be void for uncertainty. Thear line most go, at any rate, direct to the south-west corner of Bald Hills. VThy, in the name of eommwi.iiewA, are ..they to shift their lines to take in any groond diey think wr have not aright^ claim to f .They deliberataly give their line a bend,. iasfead-of takiv it m a strught direction. They make it a cqrved line, without shewing anythiug to warrant them in ' s o d p i n g . i n order to take in eoontiy that thejr have no earthly right to. Is it not an intolerable hard- «hipt-whm it is admitted on all aides- amendments were - inade in the- tenders; by the Commissioner, who was.;avowedly ignorant uf the coorse: of the river, and who had hat an inperfeet knowledge of die posithm of the baek rom, and when errors have arisen, that they being the most jeeent comm. should be permitted to turn all this tn their advantage P No one but they would dispute oar right to construe as we. do the terms the " Ranges" and the "Back Rangrs." As the claimants for the lease of Cantarlo No. 2, theyarknowledge thatwe, as claimantsfbr a lease of Bimbalingel,havejp«iority of right, if itis found the claims do conflict; lint instead of endeavoring.-,to shnr.a better daim than ours, they try to establish that our claim leaves vacant country, .which they, coolly try to "jnmp," bat' tbey cannot get it in that wav.,Their description &ulty; as it is, and liberally as -they wish to be permitted to interpret .it, they; ntp tLun country in . excess of.. : They have. taken 4hBir;lin« two and a-half miles oat of % straight direction, eo as tp.inelude a large amount ofconntry' which .form« part o r imrrnn. It is admitted-4hat^their. liae wonld: fall there {loclityshewno^^^^ . But for thdrJ claim Bimbalingel weald have had a sloping hack; as Hwrasrideseribed by.Bsgdt to: Qaniel Q'Snllivani and a«it is claimed fay an4 the;4viQntry;emhrnced by thdr paiilieUe^'ljiie;. w^uld ; :cleairly h^ flors. By what right dfi th^y.mdt Pw-rhM wontry P 1 pause for •' re^y» <Aftei'Widng-.lialf Ta'-mhiute without *a «n%wer i: ; get none lrrrl trost: you jrill remembo: this, .«irj when considering ^ ^ I hope we' ahiSl _ g^^ iiad do heiieve .we-are entitled to. - ; I caanot see the rrievanty remarks of my leaned friend about the debeing Teqr yo^^m^ttd that Ittie ^ eonqpM j^^^^ajOid inffisted _ r ai» a o e « » w d l v & i , of t h e country is a l w a y s in fever df d i e pcxW. • nadoubtedly to d i d « n d i t of t h e ' i j f r i a t t h a t is • m m n teaahd^ ^ w h y , should h e Bot vmilnttii,,? 1 h e give irajr }4otfce poor m a n T rtg^s.th^ . I.ass i .. ipute w a s )aot <^c»aled./from'ftbem r x !hoo|$i; 6 o m K ^ p l u ^ j a i ^ ^ h a t fi. w a s ] ijhere, i *p<) if bettause they " c h o s e to .statements <thcy. mastvnedb.insb -ijli litigation when tliere tras imotb^r ,cuow?'ope»i ' t h e m , whose fault is'thM.bat'theirowh. The subji Is abw exhausted, except as to the' and all I have to say as to thmrfright t^ teste of ibis inqniiy js, that as it >pp|a maintained by my learned friend 'foWy' on' t)ie ground that we caused the inquiry, aH llUve ibi in answer, to tbat is, that because updn'i^i apptii tim tor Government for oar leases. w^ch. w^re all we wanted, the Minister of Lands; ib'^te id' of givhtg its otor leases, chose to refer the matter to arbitration, are' we to beheld responsible for.that f' llie Arbitrator: "That would depend wnetheryira o k e d for the arbitration. My impresskm np>u reading the judgment of the Supreme C q o r t wis, that 'thei* was a distinct agreement as to tbe settlement if ibis dispute. I saw nothing more, tiB.I came to the letter from the defendants to'the plaintiffs, odering to stand by this agreement, it Appears from the evidence this letter was sent Ifo/ Da«iel CTSallivan, but he stated be had not seen it;. • and ihaf if he had he would not have agreed to ' ft remain's for yim to show that you did not makethtf agreeMent, and tbat yon went fa to-thisairbii^stion without any. motion vm your part,, and thaint ; was a voltfntary act of the Chief Commisskmer4hr Crown Lands. 1 look upon it now that yo'frare'ife-^ sponsible for this Arbitration,. I should like to hear you on that subject. - - ! ! , " Mr. Robertson : As costs nsually follow the vet*- v diet one would think from those expression*, Mrv - Vmp ire, yoa had decided against us. if weviie- - cerf altogether, tbe other side should bear th^'coSts; if w e socceed on any one point, they should b*de- Tr vided. Now there k a serious break do*ri inthecaseof the other side with regard to Cantario-Nov' - 2\. With the description of Bimbalingel before them, with the Ranges and the Back Ranges, tny * clients were entitled to apply for leases according 4& • that description, and if this enquiry is laid t& theif charge; the Government are responsible, mid >'nM ' diey. This Was a matter for the serious odifeitfefc*- « tion of the Government, aud if the Government with all the facts before them, having the letter'alfodefr; to containing tbe statement' of the defendant: iiii ' their possession, if they deliberately taau to conclusion that an arbiuation was necessary, l think ; that is'a complete answer. If it had been done by/- . us, and not been required by the Minister for Lands.'' that yon-should sit m judgmenit o»this very 'msttei-,;" it would be a different thing. Although we might - have set him in motion by applying for the lsMes^ as he had after making due enqpiry to dt^cii^ jtldt-, ' ctally whether thie claims of these parties are.donw : fiicting or not, and as he did^so decide it is he'-Who - is responsible. The Arbitrator: I differ from yoa. I read the.. Supreme Court agreement between the pacties^aildi • it should hare been subsntted ta, Mr.- Stephen; I put the document in to sfiow^that they broke the agreement, in reference to costs;. Tbe Arbitrator: I look upon it a< a matter of costs..: Mr. Robertson: In the case of M'Bean v.Gwynne^ the verdict was for the plaintiff, and the jnry notr only gave , him a verdict, bat affixed A rider to Hn expressing their opinion that the defendant'was: entirely wrong. In ordei to put an end to .the; litigation, G wynne submitted, and fenced in his ran according to the verdict. Whi-n the new .Land Ac* came into operation, Gwynne was advised thathe-- bad a perfect right to go forward and ask for a lease ' independent of the verdict, and he didso^ and after; » reference of this sort he got his lease :no£witk~ standing- the verdict. Unless th«re ! is aiidistiqe^ engagement that the defendants were .to.he bonnd by the : rule that the-court made on the new trial ma' tion, it wutid be most unjust to bind them, it bnS) been agreed-by both sides that the y«ty .«utes frqnr whicb the judge da-eeted the jury at,Sydney triaL were so imperieet and unreliable that he e^il^ not dftecfethem rightly, and yet . we are asked to b« bound by the resalt of that action^ It is not became my leanied friend calls the document an agreement that it becomes aa agreement. S» far from that having been.an engagement to whJch we were ptoies, with ns it was acase in.whichwe had no chmce. We were asking for a new trial; and the court said tteywould'grant it unless, the other able did sotnethta^I TUie other side consented to do that something, mere was aa end o£tbe matter. Hieconrt aaid^"lf th^other side will not give yon the triangular pieiwwe will order a new-trial on tbe gnraod that the jurp disobeyed. the direction of the judge whoaranded at the trial." Werstilli .«laiinmg> thc^Sjwtry.'beyontf the fesce^woaldh»i«j^erre<ftblave fiadottr new trial motfi>n;grant^d,' and 1 felt aggrieved by this rdlewhich we coBsider-mflicted a palpable iiijnstice upbn; ns. What we. wanted/ wa» a new triaL We much dmappomtedvhea die other side agreed Ho die terms npowwiUch-tKe rule was refused,and it Would have been far better for us if theyhact refusei Did we impowad'tlKir sheep on that triasvate-fiece^ Not at ait bat off the baA comrtry. Werwmted^ new trial, not far this^iigiriarpie<», bat io Tegard to the back eoantry^. Their agreang tothe term» upon which the-rule wa»refnsed toM was joot'wllajt we wanted -mi alL We bare brofamrio-egreetnea* for we never eateredliito one. , , The Arbitrator: Tsee-yoar argmnent, Kad- then? is a grest"deal of sttength -in it Mr. Roberts^* - ^ -the Atet it appeara-taMn^that whenever the Mrmntey fir Sandi fiiuS^-ftat after dneenqnhy he eamistdedde between rivattiaimrato it bectunes necsssafy for tmhito refer tix nwtter:tparbitration. The parttas-are notocm&ulted;, and have.- no voicein the matter, T 1 ~tn n>t nil linn aniaslilii as my learned friend.; I do.net turgeyoa.to^rvB o» the whole of tiie costs* as the.matter his* fened to arbitratioo by- the-. Government the more modest re^oe^ that costs between die; partiasL Ata^ak tp^tl. the defendants are aBegad to b«v«'befa >revionsly, it nmstbe remeafeered'we eren in die actitm For tnsnasst-' Wl4d*W-i*l|y . both costs and datn^es do lhat oeeasia«. ^-^Ght!y, die present damumta, Were&ot; e*atf<the paittn^i theaction; it was theirpre&c8;»aow^wb» weretiie phunti^ so. that, adtaod ncrcr gave them itn trooble or cost them a farting. - l me*tian<tbia.beoanae my leaned friend soog^ yoor syinpa^iy. ^i the ground, that they had beea aofiereis by myiois litigation Mfc. StqAen: It^wasBtafed v. Whitford jHiatifthese -ffle scrmtion, it wonld be binding: n-jrmil deal at resembhmcebetwee£ ihe ^iiasee at-M-ft sight. There isarontractbetw^^&miriliiwut;, and-dwrefore^ mistake or no mistake in-^be d e a o r i p - tioh, die l e a s e shoald beis<Bed< ^ThaiEdefaeriiattSn d>e S8th sectkm of the C. L. Oast^t^ A^ T. ^e. «ading itap6ntiiatv it is qnite.obvioas otherproouodir^;snch: a s tbu;aii)iMiBia,{^;m^ take would be rectified. If ^we l^ok tije.sith s e c t i o n of the Crown I>sndB O c ( n m t M « r A^^wB find it is limited to jwiHa nnlitr proia^iugB ^ i^ht to. reoover possession, or. to oover an a(*i^£or'daMi^»: (clause read). Richards v. Wlntford 'Wa^iwi *ctfoa between two sabiects. It is ttuS, liere isaebntraet, a promise from tfac Crown *for the back cuugUy , ^ t it vf a mistake (jod^otat in tte case read), iuttis particular case die ponme moct his treated as nod, ti^t isset aside—it ttast be tented a s M s q a n d w i t toaleas^till itis sat aside. It: was Bot.«staapdc, <mdtheAotoomingin^ai^;:tbere.:being it was as good as a laue. Here it is a n a c a ^ t | o r specific pertorxoanoe^if tbeootiveyuce waa.ez)aQnte^. But w h a r e { b e : q u a s t ! 0 n . i s renuitted^ fS you iuM a pnper .tnbdnal] it is fpr yim >> say w&T; ^ 'eie pai»ds,. I -sutMnft, tiie caSe of Kdutda' v. Whitford'in^tMid bf being ag»Astmb is & sothdtfiy'-in myfavOT. ~ Mf. Robertson: My learned tneA ^ikguaf that this 28tib dause applihs aolely to die proteotittc:of, or relianoe upon a imjmise^of a, late 'aa'a substitute for a lnse,joofy m aa-yction':in a oourtofrhEW;!:^ Mr.' Stephen Y.NoMn Mr. Robertson :Th« t,of ;the .osmt.^as, thatforall in tents.and ,«fa lease, aldtoogh made, in,ob; ve in aU proceedings die ~ ~ * " "" oftbeleaaeTtsdf beof Jtbe the p naroela. a r o d a . . " ^ ' i ^ a t M ' i t Jedte'diatbohcaui^^i^d-h^ ^Ihe'oase laid beeit^ied' ftfjh <Coiat<ji of Ariiitration;^. ^ n&d; its t»V/ [vacates' their oouitesy and'the 