NATIONAL CHARACTER. 0 From the Westminster Gazette .) There are seme things which appear difficult to ex press in exactly the same proportion in which they are easy to conceive. A simple object _ can be seized at once by the intelligence, but it is quite another thing to express it accurately with the pen. Multiplicity of words is somewhat antagonistic to simplicity of thought. A broken mirror may reflect the object, but it will be in a multitudinous and frag mentary manner. This difficulty does not always arise from the nature of human speech. _ We often imagine we possess very aisunct nuuune, uu uy auuie accident we are forced to try our hand at putting them on naper The very fact of taking up the pen seems to act as a dissolvent on our power of concep tion. The vivid thought which we prided ourselves so much upon moves, and melts, and runs into a cloud and disappears the moment we attempt to throw it into words. These notions possess a sort of affinity to ghosts — they disport themselves with all the greater boldness in proportion to the imbecility of the mind which they inhabit. The more vivid they are, bo much the more difficult it is to grasp them. But there are other causes of this difficulty besides poverty of mind. Men may not only be possessed by an idea, which, while it haunts them, escapes their apprehen sion ; they may also conceive a notion which bears about it all the notes of genuine thought ; and yet, when they attempt to seize hold of it and force it into words — like catching a pony in a field with a wisp of hay — it cleverly gives them the slip, and leaves them looking foolish, with the experiment 1o try Bgain with probably about the same success. It is a much easier thing to repeat words than to fix the mind steadily en thought. A parrot, we presume, is not gifted with any power of analysis, or even with capacity to understand the force of words. Bat a parrot can talk. To make use of words is one thing, to under stand them is another. Most animals can be taught to imitate certain sounds. Men are proverbially of the imitative class. Sheep do not walk more con tentedly in each other's foot marks, than men follow each other in the groove of thought. To repeat what has been said before, without the trouble of having thought it out, requires very little intellectual wear and tear. Most men are simply echoes of another voice. Few think ; but all men talk, and theorise, and declaim. Tbe less the intellectual ballast, so much the more freely can the tongue disport itself. Now there are a variety of topics upon which men consider they have a right to speak. Of course matters of 6trict science, of theology, of jurisprudence, and such like, are the property of a certain class. But every man can taut ox UDeriy, ana pro gress, and free thought, and religion, and truth, and morality, and national character. These belong indis criminately to all. These, and kindred questions, the multitude may toss about with as they please ; and no one is thoughtlpresumptuous who ventures an off hand opinion on them at a moment's notice. Men can speak fluently upon them and with ease. They have their opinions at their finger ends. They can go on arguing and beating round the bush till they have fairly muddled themselves, and effectually puzzled everybody else. Where the weight of thought tie absent there the consequent flow of words begins. Now there is a certain class of subjects upon which the public has so long made up its mind, that is, upon which it has so long ceased actively to think at all, that we have some hesitation in touching on it. We know well the force and inveteracy of habit. And we know there is no force and inveteracy equal to a formula of words, which, by process of time and continual bandying about, has had all the thought knocked out of it. One might j ust as well try to ward off the blows of a bludgeon with an enthymem as imagine it possible to overcome the immovable rigidity of stereotyped phraseology with argument or common sense. But, when to the inve teracy of habit, and the torpor of a satiated mind, is added the dictates of self-love, the ease becomes ten times more difficult. How best the eld formulas can be broken up, and the dried bones be decently buried away, while a new life of genuine thought can be im planted, is a problem which requires solution. We clearly see the delicacy of the task. Our thorough appreciation of it at once accounts for so long an intro duction. Now there is no imaginable ques tion on which an Englishman thinks he has a greater right to speak than on the na tional character. And yet, of all others, this is a subject in which the difficulties we have just mentioned find a place. No matter; the English man's views like a Newfoundland cod, have long ago been cut and dried fir him. He wants no schooling on this point. It is simply preposterous to imagine that he does not know the very people amongst whom he has been bred and bom, and is incapable of under standing them. Ask him and he will tell you at once that an Englishman is honest, manly, straight forward, and truthful. He is the magnanimous man. He possesses the nobleBt national gifts of any man under the sun. He is plodding and persevering, and indomitable. He is the ancient Roman Anglicised. He is comparatively the most perfect type of human nature that has been created. He has his faults, but so have otheis. He has done injustice ; but who has not? He may be a sinner, but he is the noblest of sinners. His, worth is seen in the works of his tlCUU BUU dlOUUD* A' i**v MUSW w* — in the results of his skill, and the enterprise of his commerce. HiB strong, hard, practical sense, his stubborn energy have made him take the first place in the race, and carry away the prize. Such are the commonplaces which are continually repeated to the echo. They have been uttered a thousand times, and it is pleasant, and requires no thought to utter them again. To say we are the first people in the world, and to carry so pleasant a proposition by acclamation, and to raise it almost to a national axiom, is quite in accordance with the build of the public mind. Men do not object to flatter the national vanity at so trifling an intellectual cast. But this miserable and weary repetition, besides encouraging a sickly vanity, superinduces a very unhealthy stagnation of mind — a stagnation of mind upon a subject of the most vital national importance. If men allow their minds to crust over with unmeaning platitudes, they will never know anything of what lies beaeath the surface. The traditional opinion of our superior worth is most likely to engender self-deception. It is so pleasing to indulge in these dreams of our own virtue and perfection, that they all the easier occupy the place of healthy thought. Have we advanced in our knowledge of the national character within the last hundred years ? Have we not been content to take up the cry which has been, handed down by tradition, almoBt from time immemorial; has any one made a serious study of the Englishman ? Has any one taken 60 much interest in the improve ments of his character, as many have in the breed of sheep and oxen, in studying the habits and functions of animal creation ? If the character which we give ourselves is mainly true, are we to be con tent with anything so vague and general, so unsatis factory for practical work ? Can our sayings of our selves help ub in the least? The fact is, this is one of those points in which we play the parrot. Why not break through the crust and sink into the depth , .- . iortant subject ? For instance, do English ol tnis im* selves such questions as these ? And men ask them. for an answer ? How is the national are they anxious . What are its essentials ? Who is character formed ? . , shouid we fornl ourBeives ? the model man ? On whom Which is the most per ls there more than one type f ? . ? Is the nftti^nal feet P Should we tend towards ' ? of u i character pBgan or Christian, ?M # m c should Have we a clear idea of the character 'J. endeavour to develop in the ch ild ? What tnetho* do we make use of to elicit it ln youth ? VYnat are the principles on thiB poiat in our schools am. colleges and universities ? Is there any systematic process for forming men on a perfect nnldel ' What are our aims, what our success ? Is ther*e 8 model universally received? or is the English character lormed imperceptibly by the various influences which surround his education — is he fashioned into 6-!18Pe like a number of pebbles shaken in a bag ? is it simp.' V the result of friction ? or is it the spontaneous growth of the natural man? or is any great hero held up to imitation — Cromwell, or Newton, or Nelson, or Wel lington ? These and a thousand questions more sug gest trains of thought as interesting and often equally mportant with themselves. We sincerely hope that such questions as these have been seriously thought upon and carefully discussed. If men have blindly followed the picture of tradition they may possibly have fallen into serious error. The traditions of a race, and the radiance of national glory, are not always the best instruction, of mankind.. The type of national perfection may be an imperfect model. He who takes the accepted notion of an Englishman, however the Englishman may be in advance of other national characters, takes as ' his pattern that which itself requires a fairer form and a more perfect finish. He whs does not look above and beyond a nationality, is tittle better than the pagan Greek or Roman. Those sturdy pagans looked higher .than this ; they looked with reverence on their gods, and strove to reach them. There was a Fatherhood above them which knit them into one, J kIVaia MBik i fVaav efvAwn Thoir fvtnfllil Atl themselves on the highest form they knew. Flato and Cicero, the model Greek and the model Roman, held lofty notions of the righteous man. At times they almost appear to have been visited by a vision of a higher and purer morality than their own ; though they fell continually to earth, their tendency was heavenwards, and their writing sparkle here and there, in a startling manner, with a purer ray . The Greek especially had a more polished and a loftier mind than our own, and the Roman, though more masculine and practical than the Greek, bears the stamp upon it of Athenian cultivation. The English mind is coarser and more material. Its elevation is due to Christi anity. 