BYDüEr INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY. ' The annual meeting of subscribers of the above in (titution took place yesterday evening, in St. Tames'] Schoolroom, Castloreagh-street. : -Tho chair wai occupied by tho Hon, Georgo Allon, vice-president Among those present we noticed Alexander Diok.Esq. tho Vonorablo Arohdoaoon M'Encroo, UT, 'Alexander Esq., M. t/.A.,the Vory Itov. Dean Co «por, the Kov A, H. Stephen, John Smith, Esq., Drs^itoberts, Sydnoj Jones, Gray,. Ronwiok, Aaron, Mir. Bedford, and Mr Raphael, Sw,' Tho attendance was not numerous Th Rev. Dr. Lang sent a-letter of apology for not attend ing, os ho waa engaged in the Illawarra district for ¡ day or two. - J The CnAinirAH having oausod tho advertisement t< bo read, convening thé meeting, said tho Fresidont (E \- Deas Thomson) WAS unable to attend on account of ill health. ALEXANDER DICK, Esq., road tho fallowing "BEPORT ** Of directors of tho Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary fot tho year ending Slat December, 18Û0. "The hoard are happy to report considerable im- provements both in tho buildings and iii tho interna economy of tho house,-sevoral of tho department! _. having undorgone a reorganisation whioh already pro anises good results^ They regret that they cannot yo report the completion, of tho now wing, so urgent!] Required, to meet tho increased demands upon th« institution, and to afford facilities for a better oUssifl cation of patients. Tho work is, however, in progress under tbe able direction of Mr. Hume-tenders for thi excavation of the foundations having boen advertise! for. "Among tho alterations and improreoaenta tha havo boon mado, may also ba enumerated tbi utilisation of a space under the south wing, whioh br excavation and a email outlay, ha sworded additional accommodation for servante, and i Ber* Otoro-room. Improvements havo boon oEfeotod als in tho matron's store-room. A new stpvo bas beei »rootcfl in tho kitchen, and gae hos boon laid on at th vJispraBsry. '"Various mattera conneolod with tho medica 'arrangements of the houso, and with tho genora domestic economy, havo throughout tho year engage! the attention of tho directors. They havo fottthttthi Infirmary was, to a great exton!, diverted from it Jropor objoota, by tho rotontion of ao largo a number o "chronio casos which has excluded those of an acuto cha rac ter, and thus prevented thc institution from extending its benefits to so largo a number of patients as it migh treat during tho': year and, consequently, from givinr, " that complete roliof it might otherwise afford. Timi havo been in communication with tho Govcrnmont ic référence to this matter, and have to acknowledge 'thankfully tho relief afforded, to some extent, by tin removal of a fow auch casca to tho Govcrnmont Institu tioa at Port Macqaario. More complote provision will however, require to bo mado, befara tho Infirmary wil i he in a position to concontrato its efforts moro par tionlnrly on thoao it caa fully and permanontl; benefit. "Assisted by tho honorary medical staff always beon ready with their timo and valunbli oounsols), tho directors havo again had under considera tion an improvod system of nursing, amended diotarj arrangements, with nltorations that hnvo scorned de eiroble in tho regulation of tho wards, and in thi general in cornal economy of tho bouso. "Tho Govcrnmont hnvo relieved tho Board froa como difficulty as far as tho exponse of obtaining trained nurses from England is concerned, by liberally without solicitation, taking steps for tho eeloction ol duly qualified persons for thia office, and making pro vision for their outfit and paasago to the colony. Coa eidcrable difficulty, however, has been oxpenonced ic procuring nurses of tho standing of qualification BOughl for; andedme dolay may be anticipated yet in accom- plishing BO desirable an object. " Negotiations have boon renowed with the Scnato ol the Sydnoy University, and further stops taken toward! tho establishment of a medical school in cannectiot with tho Infirmary. This would materially increase tho .benefits che institution bas rendored to the com- munity, by subserving tho interests of science, ant makiug the extensivo observation of diseato, to bc obtained in tho numerous and varied cases under treat- ment, a measure towards training n nativo faculty. "The increased demands on tho Infirmary, nnd espe- cially the extension of the benefits of tho dispensary, havo necessitated tho appointment of an additional dis- penser. Mr. James bas boon appointed to thia -office, al a salary of £130 por annum. " Tho directors have to mention, with much regret, the deaths of Mr. Hugh Houston, houso surgeon, and of Mrs. Ghost, matron of the institution. Their faith- ful and efficient services during twenty-two years wer« fully appreciated by tho dirootora, who, during these years, watched over the interesta of tho Infirmary, and tho presont board placed on tho minutos an expression of their appreciation of services so long and faithfully rendered and of tba loss sustained by tho institution. To fill these vacancies tho board have olccled Mr. J, H. Gray os houso Burgoon, and Mrs. Blake es matron. They aro happy to say that all that has como under their notico has fully justified tho choice they have made. The removal, by death, of tho two officials abovo mentioned, and tho inquiries into the manage- ment of tho bouso doomed necessary to guido tho di- rectors -to the best method of supplying the vacancies, hato led thom to proposo tho following changes in tho domestic and medical administration of tho insti- tution. It has boon found that tho duties discharged by tho lato Dr. Houston are too onorous >for ono. Tho directors propose to divido thens duties botwoon two officials-a resident physi- cian, nnd a roaidont surgeon-each to receive a salary of £200 per annum, with quarters and .rations. Tho omcrgonoioe of tho houso, and tho overtaxed strength of the present bouso surgeon, havo compelled Ibo board to advertise for a rcsidoat physician, trusting that tho subscribers would recogniso the necessity that . prompted, them, sud confirm their appointment, " For moro ccmplato supervision and responsibility, for the conduct of tho servante and tho manifold do tails of domestto nianagotnent, it has been thought advisable^ to propose tho.appointmont of a paid superin- tendent to act os secretary, to exorciso control over oil ttho servants of the houso, and havo a general over .sight of all tho details of management. Resolutions in robard to this and several proposed alterations, will, ?thia ovoning, bs- submitted to you. "Twa things of groat importance which havo occu- pied tho attention of tho directors havo bean tho ?revising, of .tho rules to bring them into harmony with the changes already mado, and thoso contemplated, . and the preparation of a bill of incorporation for tho institution, which has been propared though not as yet passed. ." In connection with both of these tho board have to acknowledge groat obligation to Mr. Dick, who, in .addition to his woll known legal ability, has kindly given much timo and labour to the arranging and com- pilation,of the nbova " In announcing tho resignation of tho Rov, John Dougall, and M. II. Stephen, Esq., who havo for EO many yoara ' hold tho office of joint secretaries^ tho directors feol that tboy aro only anticipating thc wishes of tho subscribers hy recording in this report, their «éneo of tho sorvices so ably and zealously rendored to tho institution by theso gentlemen, who ? have dovotcd muob valuable time to the furtboranco of its interests. "Tho directora aro haipy to soy that though there lue been a slight falling off in the number of old sub- scribers' theso havo boou moro than compensât- d by tho now ones. Of donations thoy havo to acknowledge tho fallowing; -Tho Jato Mrs. Ghost £100; from Mrs. Stocker, in- Scotland, whoso eon died tn the Infirmary, £80;, from Mr. J. M'Dormott whose wifo waa on in " mate, £20; from Mr. F1. Senior, 100 trusses ; from Mr. Sloper, Woolloomooloo, a gas BIQVO ; a pnrcol of rock combs . and a package of arrowroot from Mr. J. B. Holdsworth; a parcel of liuea'from Mr. lt. A. More- head ; and supplies of vegetiblea from Mr. Baptist .". Tho directora havo to recommend to tho thanks of ribo subscribers the honorary medical officers, who amid itho claims of private praatico, havo dovotod so much ?timo and labour in carrying out tho objaots of tho ln dlrruarr,.. Thoy have to express their satisfaction with >t ho way in whioh tho district Burgeons havo discharged ihoic .duties. "Tbe.following nro the statUtios, usually presented to yuur notico in-tho annual report :-Tho number of patiente admitted into tho Infirmary during the Instyoa'r lias boon I27i. Tho largest number of admissions WOB in tho month of October, 122 ; tho smallest ia tho mouth of August, 87. Tho accidents and urgent eases have, amounted to 2U3. There have been 22 operations {lerfnrinad. Tho number of deaths during tho year bas icen ICO. Of theso many wore moribund on admis- sion; Tho number of patients remaining in tho houso on tho 3Ut December, 1800, was 188. Tho numbf r of . cases treated by tho distiiot surgeons, in conneolíon i with tho Dispensary, bsc umounted to 3010. Of theso 700 wore visited ot tbuir own hames " It will devolva upon you to confirm tho now rules submitted for .tour approval, to oloct tho honorary pfllcora nod uoiy dircoto.-o for tho ensuing j ear. Yowing oioa occur in tho.honorary rñódioal staff, by tho- retire- ment (by rotation) of Dra, Brown and Alleyne hono- rary physicians ; "and of " Mesara,, Roberts and M'Kay, honorary surgeons. . These góntle imm aro ejigiblo for ro-elootion. Vacancies a'so occur . lu tho dispensary by tho retirement (by rotation) of Mosers. Moon abd' Graham,' district surgeons for Gipps, Brisbane, and Phillip Warda. Theso gon'tlemon aro also oligiblo for ro-olection. «.Tho accounts of .tho Treasurer will bo laid befnro Îou. Tho committco regret tho inoreasci in tho cxpen ituro during tho year, which howovcr must be regarded as exceptional, the greatest supervision has beon given to tho purchase of stores and drugs, and o»ery effort at economy consistent with comfort has been carried into effect. ': '. Tho additional expenso that will necessarily bo incurred inconnootlon with the new wing, couplod with now kitchen arrangement and now dietary ecalo, urgos the committee to appeal for a continuance of that sup- port which has been liberally oxtonded to tho institu ion." ' JOHN Surra, Esq., treasurer, read tho' financial slato mont. From thia it appeared tho disbursements for tho yenr amounted to £0572 7s. 2d. ; tho receipts being £690 Ss. 7d. less than tho expenditure. The securities depositad in tho bank on 1st January instant, on account of tho Infirmary woro-Now South Wales debentures, ono at £500 ; 38 at £100-£3800 ; City Commissions, seven at £100-£700. The Samaritan Fund in Savings' Bank on 1st January, 1807, waa £600 5s. ld. Tho Vonorablo Archdeacon M'ENCBOB moved the following resolution-" That the report now road bo adoptod, and, togothor with tho treasurer's accounts be printed and circulated, under the direction of tho board of directora." He said tho report required no commen- dation from him. Thero waa ono improvement whioh he would auggest could bo made in the institution. Thoro woro manychrohio cases which should bo re- moved for treatment in a separate building. Ho hoped tho general publio would extend their support to this worthy institution, because bo was convincod great economy was oxcrcised by tho directora Mr. MAURICE ALEXANDER seconded tho resolution, and boro testimony to tho vast amount of attention and time given by the directors to tho Interests of the institution. It waa desirable that tho north wing should ho completed as early as pos- sible. Tho gentleman at tho head, of tho Government had promised to assist thom, and ho had no doubt would fulfil his promise. Ile could bear testimony to tbe correctness of tho accounts. Tho utmost economy was exorcised in the purchase of ne- cessaries. Ho felt suro if tho general publio could wit noss the personal labours of the'directora and tho com mlttoo, tho funds would bo considerably increased. Tho resolution was put and carried. Mr. Guonort Fon BES, senior, moved, and Mr: A, AU.SK seconded tho following resolution :-" That tho thanks of this meeting aro due to bis Excellency tho Governor and tho colonial Parliament for the liberal aid afforded to the institution during tho post yoar." Tho resolution was carried. Mr. DICK-io moving that now rulos and regulations bo adopted as the rules and regulations of tho Sydney Infirmary, in substitution of tho pro- sont ones- said it bad beon very incon- venient to carry on the Infirmary in a satisfactory manner undor tho old rules, which had not been altered slnco 1818. Those rules woro so imperfect in many respects that it was found absolutely necessary to framo a now sot. Ho thoroforoundertook this task, and tho presont rules, which bad been recently pub- lished in tho daily journals, wore submitted for general approval. They had been already approvod by tho general board, but wero eubjeot to tho consideration of this meoting. Mr. STREBT seconded tho resolution. Tho CHAIRMAN pointed out certain alterations which bad boen made for tho hotter, in several of tho rulos. Mr. IiouEUr STEWART said ho disagreed from tho Increase made in tho number of rules. There was a prospect undor rulo 39, that three or four committees might be appointed, and tho responsibility too much dividod. Tue duties which properly devolved on ono comrultteo might bo put en another. Mr. BAPUAEX would support tho rules as submitted. It was rather out of place for Mr. S-towart to now find fault, when ho had tho opportunity whilo tho rules wero hoing framed, of submitting any amendment. A bottorsetof rules, he thought, could not be framed. Eighteen months had been occupied in their compila- tion. If any .of tho rules were found to bo defectivo in practico, Mr. Stewart, as one of the directors, could submit au amondniont. Every credit should be given to Air. Sick for the labour bestowed upon tho framing of these rules. Tho resolution waB thoa carried unanimously. Mr. AY. PBITCHABD movod the following resolu- tion:-"That tho thanks of this meoting be given to tho honorary medical officers, as well as the office bearore, directora, and lady visitors, for their services during tho past year, and that tho Honorable E. Deas Thomson, C.B., bo continued in his office as president ; Captain Dumaresq, tho Honorablo Georgo Allon, and the Vonorablo Archdeacon M'Encroo, as Tico-presidenta ; that Messrs. Alexander Dick and John E. Manning bo appointed joint honorary secretaries, in room of the Rev. John Dougall and M. H. Stephen, Esq., who havo resigned.; that John Smith, Esq., bo continued as honorary treasurer; anti that tho following gen timen constitute tho board ol directors, viz., Revs. A. Thomson, A. H. Stephen, and J. Graham, Messrs M. H. Stephon, 8. C, Burt, leeton, J. R, Streot, Honorable S. D. Gordon, J. B. Kundle, and Charles Moore (Mayor), Alexander Dick, John E Manning, John Dalley, Rev* J. Kilue, Morris Alexander, Robort Sto»art, Rev. J, Sheridan, NV. M. Alderson, J. H. Goodlet, R. Coveny, J. FJavollo, Rev. J. Dwyer, J. G. Itaphaol, and J. Baptist." Ho said ho had no doubt tho medical gentlemen wero desorving of much praiso for the gratuitous services rendored by them to this institution. Tho publio ought to feol grateful for their services, and ho had much pleasu e in proposing tho resolution entrusted to him. Tho Rev. CL IX. Moreton had.much pleasure in second- ing tbo resolution. From tho nature of his duties ho bad necessarily an opportunity of observing tho _ labours of tho gentlemen whoso names wero embodied in tho resolution. They wera tho causo of alliorating much pain and suffering. It was creditable to this city that wo hud such a largo staff of medical gentlemen who wore so willing to attend to tho Infirmary. There waa ono remark ho would wish to mako, ana that was tho groat tax oh tho labours of the district surgeons. Bo thought tho number of . these gontlomon ought to bo Incrc&tod; if the funds permitted. Thoy had to attend to tho dispensing part of duties which woro very great, because their districts wore lorg_o. The area of tho district could bo lessened, andan ínereoBo in tbo number of district surgeons mude, with advan- tage. Mr. J. E. MANMIHO said this subject waa now under tho consideration of tho board. Tho resolution was carried unanimously. Tho Rev. A. II. STBFUHH said thero wore vacancies in tbó" honorary mcdbnl staff to bo Ulled up unless a ballot bo demnnded. Ho was ho pp j to say tho samo gontlomon who hod eo well fulfilled tho duties bod again offered thoir valuable oorvicos, and ho thcroforo moved that Dra. Alloyno and Brown bo ro appointed as honorary physiolans, and Mr. M'ICay and Mr. VV, Roberts os honorary surgeons. Ho could speak personally of tho «aro and attention, tho diligence and skill, bestowed by thoso gontltmcn on tho pationts of tho Infirmary. Mr. iUriiAEL-had much pleasure in seconding this resolution, because during tho Inst two years ho had had an opportunity cf fully appreciating thoir valuablo sorvices rendered to tho institution. Theso gontlomon woro highly deserving of tho grateful thanks of tho public,for tho able, skilful, and zealous manner iu which they performed thoir honorary duties. Tho resolution waa put and carried unanimously. Mr. ItAi'iuEi, proposed a voto of thanks to Mr. Alexander Diuk for tba caro and labour bestowed by him iu the compilation of tho now rules. Dr. KOHERTS seconded, and tho motion waa carried. Dr. ROBERTO then Bald : lt waa my original wish tbatsouno mombor of tbo Into board of director* should propose thia resolution which I am about to recomraond to tho consideration of this meeting ; hut I havo been since induced to do so in my capacity of a member of tho honorary medical staff. Tho resolution is ss follows-.' That, in the opinion of this meoting, tho board of directors should as early asposslblo after their appointment toko into consideration tho di'npidatod und inefficient buildings at presont used for the donicstio duties of tho institution, with a view to thoir removal, and that they should mature a scheme for providing a completo range of substantial buildings for tho per- formance of thoso duties In an efficient and economical manner, That such gonoral plan should includo suit- able quartors for such ollicers as may bo . deemed necessary, and tho laying out, planting, &o;" of Ibo unoccupied s paco ot tho book of the main building for tho usa and recreation of the patients. Finally, that they mako pn application to tho Government for funds to erect and airy ont tho samo." ' It is now twelvo years sijjco X first had tho honour pf , beooming ono of tho honorary lurgoons to tho Sydnoy Infirmary, nod during; that time, Ibo fact baa boon con I atantly forced upon my mind, that certain weak points oxistod'.n the institution. The principal of these ords have, according; to my judgment, arisen front'tho absence of educated and t.rained nurses, and tho utter ineffioienoy of tho buildings, apparatus, »nd accommo- dation for tba oxteneivo domeaiitflutioa^appertaintni to so largo a hospital. 1 bnvo noticed tho directors work- ing month aftor month, year by year, from hand to mouth, often annoyed and disheartened, against the difficulties with whioh they hate had BO long to confond. I havo also known tho honorary medical staff report time aftor timo, to tho directors, upon tho inefficiency of these departments, and tho reply has invariably boon, " "Wo havo not tho accommodation to corry out your views, or tho funds to provide it." I beif to express my Arm conviction that thisstato of things cannot bo allowed to oontlnuo, and that if remo died thoaufforingsof tho patients will be immensely re- lieved ; tho number circulated annually through the institution will bo increased ; the oliaraoter of your honorary medical staff will stand higher ; nui the pre- sent vexatious labours of tho directors will givo plaoo to a pleasant and satisfactory duty. But I must go further. I am bound to toll tho subscribers and tho public, that the sito of tho Sydney Iuflrmary is a noblo ono-ono of tho best in the world ¡ that tho p'an and construction of the ward buildings aro excellent ; and that it is only necessary to carry out what I have now the honour to. propose to rendor it an institution that any citizen and every direc- tor should bo proud to show to a visitor. Buting tho past ycur an opportunity^ bas offered to tho directors for reorganising the domestio staff, of which they have promptly availed themselves. But, to render it effective, the officors and nurses now to be appointed must bo provided with tho moans for carrying out tho views of the direotors, and the instructions of tho medical officers. One paragraph in tho resolution mentions the erection of tho necessary quarters for officors. I sincerely hope that a detached residoneo for the hoad training nurse and probation nursas will bo included in any general aohomo upon which tho directors may decide. This appears to me indeed absolutely necessary unless wo declino tho excellent ofter of Afr. Parkes, a course than whioh lean conceive nothing more preju- dicial to the interests of tho patients ia the iaflrranry or thoso of invalids generally throughout the colony. It is almost unnecessary that I should mention in detail tho duties wliinh aro depondent upm tho buildings alluded to in tho resolution ; but I will briefly allude to tho laundry and kitchen departments. Resp oting the first, it appears desirable, that, if possiblo, this depart- ment Bhould bo removed from the premises, which aro of too contracted a nature to permit of the washing for BO largo on institution being dono in the most effectual manner; and which aro much required as recreation ground for the pationts. This point, however, will of course bo left to tho consideration and decision of tho directors In regard to the store and kitchen department I would observe, that for many years patt it has been felt necessary to modify tho diet scale of the pationtB, replacing it by one suggested some years einco by the honorary medical officer?, and adopted by tho directors, but which it has been found impossible to carry out ; first, because the kitchen accommodation was wholly insufficient ; and second, bocauso tho nursing staff was not of a charaoter calculated to supervise' it. Tho last paragraph recomnionds that an application should be made to tho Government to moot the expenditure ne- cessary. I do not conccivo that it is right for tho subscribers and direotors of any charity to appeal td tho Government for pecuniary assistance without very good grounds; hut I fool very strongly that tho present is a most urgent and a very strong caso. Tho money will bo askod for permanent improvomonts of a neces- sary charactor, and cannot be obtained from any other aonrcc. Tho choice muBt lie between a continuance of tho presont state of things, and a request for a grant from tho Government. Tho decision as lo which of theso shall bo adoptod I will now leave with this meeting. The Ber. A. H. STET KN said ho had hoon asked to second the resolution since bo entered tho room, and had only looked over it cursorily. Ho oould say that many of tho points touched'upon by Dr. Roberts wero in contemplation, and somo under consideration. But thoy required assistance. Tho other day the Honorable Henry Folkes, in committoe, promised to givo them much assistance in carrying out somo of tho improve- ments suggested, and having so good a friond thoy.. might succoed. The directors havo had-'many things' to contond against; tho want of money and general, support. But, all things considered, he believed tho institution had been creditably and very successfully managed. (Hoar, hear.) Afr. ALIXAN-SBR, H.P., said the new wing had boon under consideration for somo years. The committee might well be excused, for they had not neglected this business, Thero WOB another matter to bo considered, tho necessity of a receiving ward. At present pationts taken in from the streets, however filthy, aro put. into tho clean wards where othor patients aro, and conse- quently tho committeo are exposed to lerious imputa- tions. It would bo some two or threoyears before this now wing was finished, and no time should bo lost in getting up a receiving ward. (Hear, hear.) The motion was then put and carried. Mr. RAPHAEL moved a vote ot thank to tho joint honorary socrotaries who bad now retired, the Rev. J. Dougall, and M. H. Stcphon, Esq, barrister. Archdeacon M'E'NCROE seconded the motion, whioh was unanimously carried. The DEAN OF SYDNEY wished to mako one or two observations. He wished to know if there waa to be any ohongo in tho present arrangements respecting dis- trict surgeons. _ He found that constant complaints wero mado in reforonco to the manner In which the district surgeons performed thoir duties. Ho (tho Dean) was ignorant of the rules of tho Infirmary on tho subject. But it had appeared to him that possibly tho district surgeons had too muon to do. It might bo desirable to double their number. In that way the complainte onco eo frequently heard now might be romodiod. He merely called atten- tion to tho foot that thero wore great complainte of ncgkct.of duty by tho district sergoons. Sovcral instances had como under his own notice, which reflected very much on thc gontlomon on whom devolved tho discharge of theso duties. He regretted to hare boon undor tho necessity of making this state- ment; but ho thought it his duty to do so. Mr. RAPHAEL thought it would be far better if tho Rev. Mr. Cowper would givo the namco of any district, surgeons who wore romiss in their duty. Thero aro some eight gentlemen ; and it was difficult for tho board to know whioh of thom wore neglectful. Who- ever they were that neglected thoir duties, it should bo known. Tho CHAIRMAN said tho proper way would bo to bring this matter under tho notice of the board of directors. Tho DEAN accepted tho suggestion of the Chairman. Mr. DICK said they ought not to pass over this serious obargo in silence. Tho revorend gentlemen - he said it with all respect - had oast asluron gentlemen who discharged arduous duties, and who were very ill paid. When tho Doon carno to a publio meeting, and made a goneral complaint against a body of gontlomon, it waa very unfair. There night havo Tieen somo irregularity during tho last day or two, in ooascquenoe of a soriouB accident to Dr. Moon, (Hoar, hear.) It was not fair to como beforo tho publia and accuse thoio gcntlomon in this goneral manner. Ño specific caso of neglect had beon mentioned. It was simply a chargo against tho medical officers of noglcatof du cy. Ho waa euro that tho Rev. tho Dean on reflection would eoe that ic would havo been a much moro proper coursa to bring this matter before tho board. (Hear.) Tho choir was then talion by Archdeacon M'Encroo, and on tho motion ef Mr. R STEWART, M.P., seconded by Mr. JiAruAicr,, a voto of thanks was passed to the Honorable Georg o Allon for his kindness in taking tho oliair, and for his services to tho institution. Tho CuAiiutAir acknowledged the compliment. Tho honour of presiding was an ampio reward for his serrices. Tho Infirmary, tho Benevolent Asylum, and the Destitute Children's Asylum, all had his boat wishes. 