A; MATRIMONIAL ROMANCE. ; The Fitzroy Police ;,Court was crowded on 'Thursday morning, by persons anxious to know the , result of a rather curious mai;riage case whieli:, it was kno-vn would be disclosed in the ^heari ag of a certain charge of robbery from a dwelling, to be preferred against one Thomas If old.. The magistrates on the bench were Mr T'empleton, P.M., and Mr. Hailes. .The prpsecntrix was a Mrs Maria Ann Amelia Gar rick, alias Hold,, an elderly lady, apparently ,the senior of the prisoner by some years. ; Mr ?John. Edwards, jun., appeared for the prosecu tion 5 and Mr Aspinall, instructed by Messrs .Miller and Ireland, solicitors, for the defence. The prosecutrix, on being sworn and examined by Mr Edwards, deposed : I know tliie prisoner. I reside at No. 2 Royal-terrace, Fitzroy. I recollect Tuesday last, the 10th iist. ? ???'?.'?? v .. ' Tho witness was here requested .to speak kwadly, when she explained that ' that man' hf'.d struck her a blow which rendered her. w iable to raise her voice. ''' Examination continued : I saw the^ prisoner tl iat morning in my house. He came there at 1- etween seven and eiglit o'clock with^twelve ?«? ten and three vans, and took away a piano, a njfa, eight chairs, a work-table, a writing-desk, a., butler's tray and stand, a hall table and ball ci airs. He took them .against my will, and I ga .ye. him in charge for robbery. The name of m;y husband is Archibald John Garrick. I have a, protectien order against him. , ? Mr, Aspinall: She wants to be protected frt im both husbands. (Laughter.) (?Cross-examined by Mr Aspinall: I was mar-; rue d to the prisoner. Thomas Ifpld. I believe I wra s honestly married to him as a widow, but it ?n rs.3 not in a church of riiy own persuasion. I b hye not seen Mr Garrick smce the. year. 1858. 1 iii^re is nobody here who knows him.. He is ii i ! Sydney.;: I .have not had any' corre s ponclence' with him since 1858. I am not xi laiTied to Ifold three months yet. The c ertificate of , my marriage with Garrick w laf , taken a^vay by If old Z on the morning of . the 10th inst. The value, of the things taken aW ay was over £100. ,1'toldhjm about a fort nil ;ht or three weeks after I. was man-ied to hi n, that I could'riot live with him any longer, as I i discovered my. -husbarid was livjng, and I :gas ye him back' the wedding ring. I told him, ,liet; might remain inthe house^till^ he got em- , pl(| jyment,1 and he stopped ? for a fort-, n'fi -pit or so, but occupied a roorii: apart' from me, and- did riot eat at . the si:tthe table with me. During this time -li-:jc. : always called me ;' Mrs Garrick.' liTjflie prisoner was introduced to me at mj house b. jrispme friends of mine. I understood he was a ;rien' squatter. I was married to him ten days a ttei; our introduction. It wasa fortnight after o Qr marriage that I saw the ghost of Garrick. (laughter.) Mr Garrick left me of his own at ic ord. ? Jessie Luxmore said : I am a servant in the en iploy of Mrs Garrick. I know the prisoner. Or t the morning of Tuesday, the 10th, I was wit shingthe hall when he came to the house '-'\fi' th several men and furniture vans, and' com .' itii 3nced stripping the diningroom of its f arni tui .'e. I saw him take away tho things eri amerated by the last witness. I heard Mrs '? Gha'imck tell Mr Ifold that Mr Garribk was lie. ing.' 'He told me to call Mrs Garrick ' j\Iissus.' Mrs Garrick gave me the wedding ri ng to give to Mr Hold. ?' Mr Edwards : When you saw Mr Ifold, what di i you say of tho ring ? : . Witness (abstractedly) : The ring at the do or ? . (Roars of laughter.) Mr Edwards : No, but the wedding ring ? Witness : I -took' him into, a private room ; an q 1 told him Mvs Ganiok wished me to givo ?thiii t to him. He said he would 'burn down the; house and make the Duke's visit hot for hei.-j ' (Laughter.) This was about a fort* nigl it after betook his box away, and about a fort uight before he came to take the furniture. C ionstable M'Giuty deposed to the arrest of tho, prisoner. He was searched and two wcx Iding rings and somemoney found on him. J Jlv Beauchamp, ©f the firm of Beauchamp an .c L Rocke, auctioneers, Collins-street^ de pc-. i$ied that the prisoner called upon him on M onday, the 9th inst., and stated he had had a falling out with his wife and wanted soine fu raiture removed to witness's rooms to be so Id by auction. Witness declined to receive th t furniture unless tho prisoner gave him re fe; apnees, and Ifold then referred him to Messrs Miller and Ireland, solicitors. That fin i i told him the prisoner was a married man, and the men and vans were accordingly sent to rein ove the furniture at seven o'clock tho fol lowi ing morning, in accordance with instruc no u .s ironi tno prisoner. xuo nuuuure en q merated by Mrs Garrick was ' at present at wi tuess's rooms, awaiting the result of this pr osecution. ' ? Mr Edwoi-ds said he thought ho had now pi |:-duced suf&cient; evidence to justify the bench in, (allowing the prisoner to be remanded until fiiii e was haci [.to satisfactorily prove that the piwjecntrix's first husband was still living. ; They required time to bring witnesses from Syd ney. Perhaps Garrick himself could be bro] dght over, and ho would therefore ask their Wipj rships for a remand fora few days. Mr Aspinall delivered a tharacteristic ad dr b ss to the bench on behalf of the prisoner. T) jr-d charge was of such a ridiculous character tb i&6 he wondered any magistrate could p: t ticntly sit and hear the case out. There w £ vs a woman, who, for nine years, had not seen he !? husbaud, had not written to him and had ixt «fc recoivod a singlo letter from him. She Ji- nrs ho is dead and sho'gets married again, but ir i^i few. days after tho ceremony is performed, a\ rbsurroction'of her first husband suddenly takes j ilace, and thesecond husband is told that he must. 1 oo immediatelydisciirded..Why,the prosocutrix was aimply making that court a divorce court, 1 and if the bench by their decision dissolved the ' niiirriugo of the prosecutrix with tho prisoner, ' i.thoy would bo giving a most dangerous pre cedent 1 U iv every: discontented married woman who wa i ited to steal away from her husband. If this bind of thing was to be encouraged,: every, 'woman who, after marriage, was disappc ri nted in her husband, and found he was: not the i man she thought, or was not a rich squatti fl ?, as she believed, had nothing to do but saj r she was -married before, and had just learnedl that her. first, husband was- still living, : md was in Sydney— or, for that' matter, inEnfg] and or America — and going tp a police court, j jet an accommodating bench, to dissolya her in a rriage, without the .nonsense of a divorce suit. ' Before the prosecutrix contracted marri r go with the prisoner, ... why did. she not instit b to, as she ought to have done, the deepest , and strictest inquiry into the fate of her first husbsjad, if she was not already sure of his beinfj rea'iUy deceased? The fact was, that on a in- a :e rumor, a bare statement, she discards her ] h usband, and th?n prosecutes him for rob bery when he removes furniture from their housii j. In reference to Mr Edwards's applica- , tion' | the bench, after a few words of consulta- i tion- intimated that they felt justified in grant ing ua remand for a fortnight, but they would ,; accejj it bail for the prisoner's app3aran.ee on the next' day of hearing.. . , ' ; Sia baling Lakd.— -Michael Harigan, charged at ti ae . City Police Court, on the 6th inst.^ witht stealine a Quantity of lard from a drav at Bruai swick, was sentenced to one month's im priso! oment with hard labor. .. ?.-:'??,?.? A ' Rbminisbencb ' of the Fkee Banquet. — Jam e s Dunstan was charged at the City Poli ct- Court, on the -5th inst., with stealing a silvssr watch. On the day of the Free Banquet the prisoner was arrested with the watch in his ' pos 3essi6n, and it was -^afterwards identi fied! by Edward Lever,, a: farmer, living' at Ricih.'inoa.d, as having been stolen from him on 'his vay home from, the Free Banquet. The, prisoner was sentenced to two months', im prisonment. ? ? ?- ? .IJmbezi element.— Williani M'Gaan appeared at j the C. \ty Police Court, ', on the 6th inst., on rremand charged with embezzling the money of his emi )loyer, Mr Wi J. 'T. Clarke. John Co&per;, a i ilerk in the Colonial Bank, deposed, that tlie cht ique for £66 13s 4o!, was. paid .into-. the prisoner ,'s account on the 30th of. June. The prisene. r Was credited with the amount',. it- being debit jed against .Mr Disher's.;,..ac;.;_ count. , Mr i Henry Smith,, bookkeeper to . Messi-s Dalnaahoy 'Campbell .and \C,p.,:, stated. ' ?he had been employed to investigate the. books.. ,of Mr Clark )a, kept by the prisonttf.; There were, no eniiries in :any of the boo^s pjEithe . amottnts hi tying been credited by M'Gaan. Will£am Jplia Clarke, son of the prosecutor, stated that 'in. the absence of his fai\her, her managed Ms, business Tmder.pdwer of attorney. He always' paid the accounts by soparate cheques, Vliict he gave either to: the people personally or M'G^n; The prisoner i\ever ' . had', any au tthority to depart from the written ins'tructibi is of the prosecutor. He never j-aid to witness the sums set forth in the infomia tiota. Tli e prisoner, who reserved his defence, was conui dtted for trial. . ? A Ni-?u Chabactek. — Thomas Smith watf charged, ;at the City Policej Court, on Men- , day wit! x assaulting biie, Sainuel Bradbroplr, v and also with forcing his way into Mr Wright's licensed premises. On Sunday afternoon the prisoner, leading a gang of young lads, forced Ms way : .into Allen's Hotel, and assaolted Brad brook, tb :e barman. The bar was closed at the ; , time, but \ the prisoner broke the door open, ex claiming that if he liked he could take posses- .... sion of e ivery bar in town. . The prisoner and ,; his comp a nions afterwards retired, and went to Wright's . Hotel, where they forced the bar door, and, the prisoners, seizing the barman rby the throa 6, , took the keys away from him. -Mr ; ' Wright c a mo to the hotel and tried to induce the prisoi a er to leave, but he refused, and was then give o i into' custody. The. police gave the prisoner sv very bad chai'acter. He was the asso ciate of trd eves and prostitutes, and known to be oneofthej leaders of gangs, of young l-fiffians who are. p irpetually in the habit of visiting , public-hous. e bars and demanding liquor, ,and, onbehagrs fused, breaking glass. He was sen-, tenced to i three months', imprisonment, with hard labor,, on each charge. The O u d '. STOEy;-^-Mary M'Farlane was charged i \\\\- the City ? Police Court, on Monday, jwith stealing £32 from Frederick Bell; Th e prosecutor accompanied the prisoner to a house y ? where he 'made preparations for re tiring for Vine night. . Ho gave tho prisoner 2a . for some 1 )esv, -and aiter drinking it fell asleep. On walrinj; f Ii'e missed the girl and a purse con taining £i J2 .? He met the girl in Bourke street the i ie xt day and gave her into custody. She was co a imitted for trial. Questionable Conduct. — Peter Fisher, William Tit] k and Annie Brown , were charged at tho 05 ty Police Court, on Monday, ?? with being illegally on the premises of Dr. Cairns, East Melbourne. The reverend gen tleman, hw ing been greatly troubled by the conduct of J persons entering his grounds, gave informatioi & to the police. On Sunday morn ing a const aWe found tho prisoners inside the garden fen co, .and arrested them. The men said they v» ere drunk at the time, and knew nothing ab out the affair other than having been induce id. by the woman to accompany her to the place. ? Tho men were discharged, the female priso n er, who is a well known character, being comm i tted for trial. ' ' Setting '.E 'ire to Fitzuoy Gardens. — M. ? Dominko \sa s charged at the City Police Court, on '1 Vlonday, with setting fire to in the gardens , and, throwing a lighted match upon the grori nd, set fire to the grass. , Con siderable dama gewas done to a portion of the grounds. Thi Q prisoner, who is an Italian, was not aware- . that smoking was prohibited on the grass. I ffr' ? Haokett fined the prisoner 20s, or. seven daij «' in iprisonment. The Lad1, r Svi 'indued. — Alexandiina Askew was chargec1/, at tue Ci.fcv Police Court, on Tuesday, on. wa\% mt- with obtaining money by false prel;ono es ^ -om Mr? Mary Armstrong, of Carlton. T' ae pi/oseoutrix deposed that tba prisoner callec' t at he^ house on the 11th of November. ? She stated her husband wa3 worth £16,00' J and a station. She said she had lost her purse containing a ohequo, and asked witaeaa for the loan of £5. ' Witness gave her £3 as she beiUoved the prisoner's story to bo tvu e. She agreed to return her the money the foll- wingday, aivlmakeher apresent of a cow ai ul ether things. In cross examination t -y Mr Walker, witness stated that, when tha prisoner called upon her,; she said she was looking for some person, but could not ii) i M ««? Witness asked her to walk in, and tho, -prisoi vei- tllQn Btlid ako would seo her b^othor ^ 'hoin PllQ hftd not seeu iox a long time. It was in consequence of her Saying her husband had two stations that witness lent her the money. Ann Buchanan, a widow, re Buling at Fitzroy, stated that the prisoner come to her shop on the. 11th ult., and asked her if she knew a person named Armstrong.. Witness directed her to Mrs Armstrong's. Between three and four o'clock the same day the prisoner came' back and expressed her thanks. Sho told witness that Mrs Armstrong ha'd lent her £3 because she had lost cheques amounting to £130. Had it been in her power, I she would have lent the prisoner some money. I Mi1 Walker, in defence, said that he had per I Bohally received a letter from the prisoner's husband,', stating that the . money borrowed by his wife would be refunded. The husband having to attend to five children, was unable to leavo his home. The prisoner had resided in the eountry for twenty years, and was most respectable. She had come to Melbourne on a visit, and having spent all her money she had resorted to these means of raising the wind. The prisoner was remanded on the application of the police for seven days. 'Rescuing a Prisoner and Assaulting a Constable. — : Detective Hannan charged at tlie City Police Court, on Thursday, Thomas O'Brien and Patrick Gleeson with having assaulted him, and rescued a prisoner from his custody the day previous. . It seemed that the officer went to the Wellington Hotel, toi- arrest one Henry Jackson, alias James Pemberton, who, according to the detective's statement, had served eight years' imprisonment for two robberies. When the detective entered tlie hotel, Jackson and O'Brien were dining together. O'Brien asked Hannan what he wanted, whereupon the latter replied that he was a detective officer, and that he was about to arrest Jackson. O'Brien next asked to see the officer's warrant, which he produced. Shortly afterwards O'Brien, who had pre . viously stated that he was the landlord of. the hotel, ordered Hannan to leave the house, and when the latter endeavored to apprehend Jackson, he and O'Brien closed with him, and Jackson escaped. O'Brien afterwards struck Hannan on the head with a frying-pan, and threatened to assault detective Christie; who came to Hannan's assistance, with a knife. 0,'Brien denied that Hannan produced his card In reply to O'Brien, Hannan said, 'I did not say that I owed you an old grudge, striking at you with the handcuffs.' He also stated that when Gleeson ascertained that he belonged to the detective force, he assisted him to execute the warrant. At the request of Inspector Kabat,. Gleeson was discharged, but O'Brien was re manded until Tuesday next, and admitted to bail in two sureties of £50 each. Neglecting to Show Danger Signals. — At the District Court, on Wednesday, Alexander Smart appeared on summons takea out by the Melbourne and 'Hobson's Bay United Railway Company for neglecting to show the danger signal and thereby endangering the lives of the passengers. Mr Molesworth ap peared for the plaintiffs, and Mr Head for the defence. The alleged neglect of the defen dant arose out of his failing to show the danger signal.to the Brighton train on its ap proaching the Jolimont Junction, in the case of an obstruction being on the main line and the one upon which the accident occurred. The proceedings were taken by the company . with the intention of, showing that they* had the fullest control' over their servants, and . took every means' for providing for the safety of. the public; Robert Brock, driver of the Brighton train on the occasion of the ac cident on the lltk of November, stated that he looked out for the distant signal and saw it was all right for him to approach the yard. The' arm of the semaphore was down signalling cau tion. He then looked for the yard signal, ?which was also at caution. After passing the Prahran train, which was coming from the yard, the defendant rushed from his box waving the red flag or danger signal. Witness put on the break and whistled to the guard. He noticed a truck partly on the main line, and before he could stop the train it ran into it. In cross- examination, witness stated that the only instructions he had were contained n . the book of a'ales furnished by the com pany. It was a rule that they should not trajral at more than four miles an hour over crossings of the line or junctions. He would swear that they were not travelling at more than five miles an hour on approaching the station. He had shut off the Bteam before seeing the danger. John Travers, stoker on tlie previous witness's engine, stated that he ? sarw the arm of the semaphore signal 'at caution previous to the accident, and before passing inside' the semaphore. Crossex amined: Witness saw the danger signal up when $hey challenged it, and it was then put down to caution. He did not see it put up afterwards. Henry Black, guard to the train, stated that the arm of the somaphore was at caution. He afterwards saw it at danger. That was when within a yard or two of it. The signal could be altered in an instant. Oh Mr Molesworth intimating that this was tho whole of the evidence, Mr Hackett asked if'thero was no evidence to how long the truck that created the obstruction had been ©n the lino. Mr Molesworth said it was not necessary, but to satisfy the bench, Duncan M'Farlane, driver of the ballast train, was called and stated that the truck had been on the line six minutes before tho accident. At the time of the collision the engine had boen unshackled from tho train, and was on tho main line in the goods shed. ? Ho was acting under the direc tion of Marshall, the guard of his train. Mar shall had been summoned for a similar offence. Mi1 Read, for the defence, stated he should call disinterested witnesses, who would prove that the danger signal was . exhibited at the semaphore before the collision. R. H. Green stated that he saw the accident on the Rich mond line. He was near the old shed at ? the time. Ho did not observe the somaphore until after tho accident. A witness named Touser was called, but as ho did not appear, Mr Hackett adjourned the case until the next day. At tho District Court, on Thursday, further evi dence was taken in the case of Alex. Smart, ao cusod of neglecting to show the danger signal to the driver of the Brighton train on its ap proaching the Jolimont junction, prior to the late accident. Mr Molesworth appeared for tho plaintiffs, tho Melbourne and Hohson's Bay United Railway Company ; and Mr Read for tho defendant. Thomas Towser, a carter, employed by Mr Enoch Chambers, Bold :' I recollect the day the accident ooourred. I was standing at the stonegate. I saw the train approaching Melbourne. It was about twenty yards on tho Richmond side of the Jolimont bridge, and I then saw tho semaphore signal at ' daagor.' It was about 300 yards from tho train when. I fast saw it to the placo where the accident occurred. The distance from the bridge to the setDia.phore is about forty yards, and is about 300 * yards more or less from the semaphore to the rj)lace where the accident occurrred. By Mr ? Molesworth : I was preparing t© get my dinr&er;, but I stood watching the train coming in, ' and I then saw the semaphore signal at ' dang an*,' and directly after I saw Smart waving the rred flag. I did not see the train passing the Ji jlimont crossing. Tho outward train had just p; Kjsed the sema phore when I looked, and- I tlid not see the signal of ' caution ' exhibited. It was at ' danger ' the whole time. I eould not say at what point the two' trains pass e- I one another. Mr Read was about to call ano tl ier witness, but Mr Hackett refused to hear nap ore evidence, as the case was only adjourned f n Dm the day pre vious to admit of one witness iieing examined, and therefore it would not be ffair ^- the oppo site parties if further evidence was advanced, notwithstanding the agreements then made. Mr Read asked that the defendant should be per mitted to make his statement oi : the occurrence. As there was no objection raiaa 1 to this course the defendanfemade a long sto tement and en deavored to fix the whole blarni e on Brock, the engine driver, intimating tl at he had the danger signal up the w! iiole time and that there was plenty of time for him to have stopped the train before th»e collision took place. Mr Hackett expressed! an opinion that the whole of the evidence wasi in direct oppo sition to the statement of the . defendant, and that he had been guilty of gr-a it negligence, by which many lives might have-| been sacrificed; but as such had net happened!; he would order the defendant to be imprison^ d for one month with hard labor, instead of thriao months as pro vided by the act. - ' Assault. — At the Williatmstown Police Court, on the 6th inst., ' Bridget Curry, wife of John Curry, landlord of the Terminus Hotel, prosecuted a man name d James Jordan, who acts as a bailiff, for unlawfully assaulting her. Mrs Curry, on being sworn, stated that Jordan went to her house t» execute a distress warrant when she objecte&jto; bis removing the goods and chattels until her; husband came home. Jordan took hold of 'her and tore her jacket, at- the same time tearing some hair out of her 'head. He then turned her out of the house and remo;ved the goods. The bench, considered that Jordan had acted without discretion un removing the furniture during the husband's absence, at the same time censuring the complainant! for the manner in which she had behaved, and di rected the defendant to pay 20a. : Illegally Impounding.— At the W'illlams townPolice Court, on 6th in at., Charles Newport, a slaughterman, residing on the plains, was summoned by a man naraed Edward Oonway for illegally impounding some cows belonging to hinii It appeared that two of coinplain ant'scows had trespassed on Newport i's land, who was in the act of taking them '[ to the pounds, when Conway went after him a nd paid .him the trespass fees, viz., ninepenco each. In driving them home one of them aga in tres passed on the land belonging to Newp brt to a distance of about ten yards, for which New port demanded a trespass fee of one eJoilling. The bench said there was no doubt but fine cow had walked on to Newport's land, whi ch was unfenced, but considered it very sharp jtiractice for him to exact a fee, and dismissed tjhe case without costs. ' ?'?' ' Evading Toll. — At the Emerald-hill ?Police Court, on Saturday, Robert Wal lace, keeper of the Sandridge-road toll-gate, summoned John Nathan for 'evading the pay ment of toll. It appeared from the evidence, that on tho 3rd last, the defendant passed through the gate without paying toll, but waving his hand to the gate-koeper, ; which the latter interpreted to mean that N':athan would pay when returning. He aftor-v yards did return, but again went through without paying, and on this occasion ' made no signs.' Wallace fol lowed in a car, bat only met rwith abuse at the hands of the defendant. Nut hah was required to pay a fine of 20s, with 2- )s costs. There was a second charge against (him of* using lan guage towards Wallace calcrc dated to create a breach of the peace, and in tiais case a penalty of 5s, and 20s costs, was imjKjaed. ' An Excited Couple. — -At the Prahran Police Court, on Monday, Fi.unk Wakefiold ap peard on warrant, issued Tjy this bench, for having disobeyed a Bumni'Oias of the court to show cause why he should mot oontribute to the support of his wife, Agnes Wakefield, who, it was alleged, was ebliged to lea m the defend ant's house on account of his viotlent conduct. Mr Walker appeared for the complainant, and Mr Weller for the defence. Mrs Wa feefield stated that her husband had frequently assaulted her in quarrels over money matters. On the last occasion she left the house, after, sihe admitted, firing a ' dipper ' at him in retaliation for his violence. Mr Woller submitted that the wife's unsupported testimony against her husband for assault was inadnrissible. The defendant stated that his wife Jknocked him down with a blow of the aforesaid, ' dipper;' and in return he gave her a, ' knock.' Sho drew £26 from the Savings Baak, and wanted to get more from him. She was, he declared, of a most violent and spitefisl temperament. Mr Wakefield here become vory excited, and used , language which the lierach intimated would render him liable to committal for con tempt of court. He, however, continued to ex press himself in the same strain, and was at length ordered to be confined ' for twenty-foar hours. The further heaving of the case was then postponed till the next ctourt day, the de fendant being ordered to find one surety of £20 to appear in court on that day. 'A Woman Spurned.'- -At the Richmond Police Court, on Webuesday, a hand some young woman, namoj'i Annie Riggs, was summoned by Hurdle Fisher, for damaging property of his to tho value of 15s. It trans pired that Miss Riggs on/be possessed the affeo tions of Mr Fisher, batws.s afterwards disenrded by him, he transferring bis attentions to another female, which proceeding so exasperated tho forsaken one that, in. the true spirit of ' a woman spurned,' she 'took every opportunity of showing him that ' hell had no fury' like to hers. On Tuesday last she called at his house and kicked up a row, smashing bofore she loft n, pone of glass in awxndow; hence tho present proceedings. Tho bench, while disapproving of tho plaintiff's line of conduct towards tho defendant, ordered tho latter to pay a fine of 5s with 15s damages. The amount was paid. Tnn British Association. Tho meeting of the British Associntibn next year will be hold at Norwich, with Dr. Hooker, tho celebrated botanist, as president.' 