MR BLAIR. HIS CHRISTIANITY. Bm,—The moon is only just paat the full, and David Blair is at it again. Carlyle is his occasion this time, but the old affliction which still lies heavy upon him is the cause of his latent ravings. As so much time had elspsed and Mr Henderson had in the meantime had an opportunity of " speaking a piece " about D. B. on Darwin, &c.;, I had made up my mind—easy task enough in the midst of many occupations—to let the disturber and reviler alone, but it is of no use. For D. B. there ia not the happy fortune which " W. T.1' ascribes in to-day'a Star to W. C. so we must read the "hutkeeper's'' phrase anew for D. B., and say sols orients a on fitfjiunl Unebre et luna plena Jemintia revenit. I propose now a soy a word or two to D. B. upon his latest deliverances touching Carlyle's latest and those who have faith in Carlyle, After that I may, if I have time, unravel a little stuff I had wound up ready for use apropos to the Darwin business and my dear D. B.'s hallucinations thereanent. First let me premise that, having read " Shooting Niagara and after," I do not accept all the man of Chelsea says, though the obvious truth and rightness of spirit, which in the main distingaith this as all his other writings I accept at once and thankfully. But this is only saying what, I suppose, the great majority of Carlyle's readers are at all times ready and willing to say if need be for saying it. With D. B. Carlyle is an atheist, whatever that word msy ho intended to con vey. If D.B., whose Christianity is beyond all cavil, and is the admired of all observers—ba a truth speaker, not only is Carlyle a damnable man, but all who revere him are heathen men and sinners, and on the high road to everlasting hell. "Since he re nounced Christianity," quoth D. B.! My dearest D„ when and where did that renunciation take place? Did you, dear D., ever hear of Carlyle writing lead ing articles that were errant lies, or calling a man foul names out of pure petty personal spite? O! answer me, amieo mio, and say if such deeds be equivalent to such renunciation, or whether a man who laughs at principles and writes against conscience is a blessed Ker-istrian though Carlyle and the Rev. Mr Henderson be of the utterly unsaved and unaaveable sort. "But no man can be at once a Carlylian and a Christian," Who told you that, David Blair ? Was it a voice from heaven ? You have written about Hamlet, you know, and you did it well, too—so much, O my dear D., I frankly tell you is my opinion—and you wot, I ween, of iho possible blasts from hell, and the wicked intents which other than ghosts may be de bited with. Tell me now, prophetic man, where is the destined place of those who dare, in public places especially, to judge other men on each grounds, and aver of them that they are recreants to the faith they profess to hold ? Dearest, you know that we all are aware that you really ere not absolute omniscience, and that your conscience is not, actually, if potenti ally omnipotent, and so that you neither know all the secrets of men's bosoms, nor the art of practising the vulgar graces of truth and charity. You will pardon so trite a refresher but, really, it is your honest due. You affect to bold that the democratic, however developed, is a greater boon than the best of all other modes of government, and hint that those who differ from you are infamous and perjurous villains. This may be truly Christian judgment, and it very likely is, for I do not find such charity in Carlyle, and Carlyle has "renounced Christianity," argal, as our friend tho grave digger would say, it is presumably sound Christianity this of yours. My very Christian friend, you accuse Carlyle of blasphemy and atheism, as well as of non- sense and balderdash, and say he advocates slavery, and by no very obscure implication include in your pious denunciations all who believe, with what reservations soever, in the Chelsea man. I do not, mv dear D., ask what Christianity you prefer, whether Roman, Grecian, Anglican, Genevan, Lutheran, or some other of the multitudinous forms of the faith, but beg to submit that if your form admits of uncandor, uncharity, and a spiteful preci pitancy of words that precludes the possibility of a careful weighing of a writer's spirit, or of a fair appreciation of his readers' spirit, you are a more damnable man with your Christianity than Carlyle with his "renunciation." This, O David, I pro pound as an axiomin elemeutacy morality. Now my extremely epigrammatic advocate; of Christianity— that is Davidianity—permit mefurther to say that you really are not precisely everybody, albeit you may be ready to take Job's irony as prosaic truth and to believe that wisdom really will die when you depart hence. It is, no doubt, a pleasant thing for you to again accuse the Rev. Mr Henderson of being an abettor of atheism, and blasphemy, and it serves him per fectly right for his blindness in ngt appreciating the advantages proposed to the presbytery one time on behalf of one of the most pious of contemporary men, but, dearest, other men read Carlyle as well as you. Some of them do not see anything in him so clearly ai they do his honest hatred of all shams, and you know, dear David, that intelligent men arc aware that Carlyle's words, like those of the Bible, can be read two or three wayB. It is a lie, you know, to say that Carlyle is speaking blasphemy when he is only ridiculing humbug and crucifying the absurdest of inconsistencies. It is a lie, O my courageous champion of the true faith of Davidianity, to teach that Carlyle, in pouring out his rough hail of invective upon the wickednesses of public men and, par excellence, of the new as well as old humbugs of English politics and social insti tutions, is denying God and Christianity and exalt ing the Devil. It is a lie, O most truthful of political writers and platform orators, to say that all men are equal in the obvious sense in which Carlyle says they are not equal. And, alas, my excellent and charitable Christian friend and firm believer in pungent Davidianity, you are lacking in clearness of vision when you actually close your insults to Mr Henderson, and your condemnation of Carlyle, by quoting a passage which demonstrates Carlyle's reverence for the good and the true, and his hate for the bad and the false. Your political theory, dearest, gives an equal note to Judas Iscariot and Jesus Christ, to Quashee Nigger and Socrates or Shakespeare, to the tenth-time convioted burglar and garotter and that Christian man David Blair ! O, David, dear, were they the fumes of spite, or of the thing abhorred of Burnett and your quondam friend C.E J., that led you to quote such a passage from Carlyle, and call it blasphemy? Why, dear, the passage denounces the blasphemy of treating virtua and vice, grossest ignorance and heaven born genius, as equal before the eye of the God of all light, and truth, and love, and yet you cite it as a crowning proof of blasphemy! That, my devout advocate of Christian charity, is as stupid or dishonest as it is to insinuate atheism against Mr Henderson for " thanking God for what he had done through Thomas Carlyle." O, arnica carissimo mio, do you not join in the thanks—you who are so very good a Christian? Ought we not, all of us, to thank God for the good he does, if even by the exhibition of the essential odiousness of all kinda of splenetic malice and unscrupulous advocacy of things not believed in frem the heart? Do you think Carlyle has done no good, dear? Has the Ego, 0 my David, overwhelmed you so as to make you think that Davidianity has done or will do a millionth part of the good the " atheist" and "blasphemer'' of Chelsea has done? And, David, would it be blasphemy in one of the devout est of your admirers to return thanks for the good be had received from your pious teachings if at the came time he did not include in his benison those little eccentricities of yours which your enemies eay are infinitely more devilish than Christian ? My just friend, "thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor," not even if he be the blaspheming atheist" of Chelsea, and you know he does not teach what you wish to convey about slavery. O, David, you are not absolutely a fool, and you know that Carlyle, looking at the white slaves of civilisation and the probable outcome of the negroe turned adrift by the late war, only teaches that there is a possible' so-called " slavery" which is better than what he calls " nomadic" servantship, and that a just and kindly ordered serfhood is better than the grinding cruelties of "free-trade" competition in hire, which leads to no settledness of connexion, and no bonds of kindness hardly, and fills -our streets with un mentionable evils. Alas,- dear David; Carlyle hates the things which tend to fill gaols and brothels—do you hate his philanthropy and against it exalt your precious Davidianity ? Listen, meekest and most retiring of Christian monitors, to what a writer in the last arrived " Argosy" says about such "cynics" as Carlyle. O, David, mio, the writer may not be sound in Davidianity, but he seems to be loving as the charitable are. Listen:—?' Our old friend Diogenes is generally taken as a type of cyni cal contempt for men; but it is better to view him as in some measure justified by human folly, and his misanthropy as seldom anything more than the shaggy coat of the richest and tenderest sympathy. * * * What, after all, matters it whether a man is eccentric or-not, if he proves his affec tion for what is religiously cxaited and morally beautiful by the wealth end catholicity of his sympathies ? * * * Let us enthrone him along with the Apostles of Mercy who are the children of every country, yet who belong to no country except the heavenly.'* My letter is long, David dear, but I have not said all I wished to say. I will conclude it with two citations from the " blasphemous article" in M'Millan. Here is one on the political question:—"'Liberty,' ' Con servative Government,' ' Reform,' and the like. • • • To the mind of here and there one it begins to be suspected that perhaps they are only conditionally true; that, taken unconditionally, or under changed conditions, they are not true, but false, and even disastrously and fatally so." This, you know, Ilavid, is the argument lor discriminate voting, and not a mere counting of democratic heads. Here is another passage from the "atheist" and "blasphemer":—"While God lives—I hope the phrase is not yet obsolete—for the fact is eternal." Is that, O my penetrating monitor of all the charities, very rank blasphemy? Here is another of the " blasphemer's " blasts, dearest;—" One thing I will remind you of, that is, the essence and outcome of all religious creeds and liturgies whatsoever is to do one's work in a faithful manner. Unhappy Caitiff; what to you is the use of orthodoxy if, with every stroke of your hammer [or pen, or tongue] you are breaking the ten commandments," I owe an apology, David dear, for polluting my paper with such blas phemy as this, but it seems necessary in order not to break the Ten Commandments, and especially that greater commandment in which the whole deca logue is summed up. Now I must close, but, au revoir, PUBLICUS. 