Strangers in the House. — The following is the .-xordium of thu unoech in the oour&e; of delivery, yesterday, in tho Lc'gialutivo ABHembly, when Sir Windoyer directed the attention of Mr Spoakor to 1 Strangers in the Housi-.' Mr Speaker, tbe hou. member for Central Cumberland lifts got so infatuated that bo barks tit any bite, aud shows his uouo at any thiug like a ghost. It is a most respectable thing Mr Spoakor. that tho hon. member is not to be held. You can't gut him at anything. What am I to do ? lam a Government supporter because, forsooth, 1 ask you, knowing tho stato iu which you have boon sweated there, in that ebaii-, and seeing the way they are go'.ngon with him 1 I rospeot you, I will not sue you murdered. But here ho is ; because, forsooth, I ask a question heturus round aud says. I'm one of the Qovorumout rags ; one of tho Government tripe oovtB— bullock and lights, or anything olde. He wants to make a mass of mack of my name, I do not care for tbo Government or him. . 1 am sucti a sort of iofutuated fool that I don't care for myself or any boilyoleO. In this question I was not advised nor wos I requested by tbe Government to take tho re question of the vacant House or tho want of members, but when I see a own. like that ih, that wants to havo his eye teeth drawn out, or cutout, or something else, and put into a state of boiug civilised, or some thing of this kind, why, any hon. member as fceln his dignity hurt by tho way in which this man is running down, goring aud running in — fine thorough brod fellows— we are obliged to put him out — obliged to doit, aud I think lam doing uiy duty in just stop ping bis gab. The hon member who moved thu motion: there is no member in this .House, Mr Speaker so fond, I believe, cf himself, as he is. lie knows it ; aud I accuao him although he is tbo Government outxide mini. But still what does be wont to do with the Govornor? Leavo him 'alone Leave Sir John aloua. Why, bless my soul I Ho's got a card or somebody ulau has to a ioed. Anybody that'll give a feed, leave him alone — that's what I say. But those people who used to ho. John knows where. — (its very well for him to gammon to bo asleep) they novor used to givo a feed. You know that, Mr Spoakor, as well as I do.' Tho reporters and other ?' strangors ' wore here ordorod to with draw, and. thu Noachian oporation having boeu per formed, ia ruga'! to the hon, member's oratory, his style of speaking wan called in quostion, wboroupon it is said that tho remonstrant was threatened with tbo vigorous application of a big stick. — Herald. Fatal Accident. — Mr William Greenwood of Ara- luen, met with an accident, which has since proved fatal, on Tuesday last, on which evening, shortly after dark, he was returning home from his work driving a horse and cart, when he came in contact with a stump. He was silting on the cart, and his leg came in violent contact with a stump, being pulled over it and very much crushed. He was taken home— only a very short distance from the scene of the accident — and Dr Alley, who was called in, bound up the leg, and recommended his removal to the hospital, where he was taken the following day Dr Pattison did all that he could for the poor sufferer, but with very little hope of his recovery the injured leg, when the bandages wore taken off it, presenting a shooting sight tho torn flush hanging diseovored from tbo bono all mortified. Tub unfortunate sufferer died on Sunday last, His body was removed from tho hospital by bis family, and taken to Mr Cahill's, Farrior's Arms, from wheuco it waB convoyed to St, Bode s Cemotery yesterday afternoon, accompanied by a number of tho deceased's friends from Aralnen and other portions of .tho district. Mr Greonwood is a very old resident in this part of tho country, where bo is greatly respected. Ho leaves a largo, family to doploro bis loss, but fortunately thej are all nearly grown up and mftrrittd.— ' Braid wood Dis 