DISTRESSING SUICIDE. (From the Sydney Empire . Tho City Coroner held an inquest yester day (January 10), on tho body of Mr. Henry Bond Garrett, who committed suicide by cutting his throat, with a knife whilst labour ing undor a lit of temporary insanity. The following evidence was given beforo tlio jury : William Tcalo, on oath, says: I am a soli- citor, practising at Sydney, and reside at Woollahra, district of Sydney, and tlio body uow lying dead at my residence, and viewed there by tbo Coroner aud jury, is that of my Into partner and brother-in-law, named Henry Bond Garrett, aged about thirty-four years, a native of England, unmarried, and lias been iu tbo colony nearly all bis life. Deceased returned from England on the 1st September last. Since then lie lias shown great nervous ness of disposition at all times, aud irritability in business. I left home on the 5th instaut. with my wife aud children, for the Kurrajong. I was sent for by telegram on Monday evening to return to tbo office. On arriving at the office yesterday morning, the 15tl> iustant, Mr. Garrett camo to tbo office, said lie was very ill, and almost out of bis mind, and bo thought my coming would savo bis life; lie said be had secu Dr. Benuett ; I scut deceased home ; lie told mo lie was not bad ciiuuuh to see Dr. Bennett again. I spent a quiet eveuing with him last night at my residence ; he has lived with me sincu his return from England. He wont to bed about leu o'clock last night. I beard nothing of him till 8 o'clock this morning, when I called him to eomo to break fast. I then went into his room. I found hiin on the bed in a most excitable state. lie asked mo to let liim go out aud destroy him self, that ho had ruiucd himself, inc, and the family, and that he could not bear it any longer, that bo was dreadfully bad, and would I lot bim go and make away ivilb himself? I made liim put bis trousers aud socks on, and immediately called one of my servants, whom I sent for young Mr. Bowling. Mr. Bowling camo within a few minutes. I left Mr. Garrett to speak to Mr. Bowling to send bim fur Dr. Bennett. I was not absent from the room two minutes wlion I returned aud found the deceased in the act of cuttiug his throat with tho pocket-knife (produced ) llo had an awful gash ill his throat, from which the blood was flowing ; ho was standing near a table by the fireplace. (When I left liim deceased waa iu the act of pulling on Lis braces.) Deceased walked in the hall, and with tho assistance of a servant I put liim down on the grouud. I at onco recalled young Bowling, who attended immediately, aud fetched Dr. Duigau, who was in attendance within two or three minutes. I placed a towel round the deceased's neck to endeavour to stay the bleeding. Witb Dr. Duigan's assistance I laid deceased on tho bed where his body is now lying. I did not bear the deceased speak again, lie died witli- iu ten minutes. When I entered bis room and found bim in tbo act of cuttiug bis throat, I seized the kuife and threw it in a washhaud basin. I found one of the drawers open where he kept liis knife, which drawer waa not open when I left the room to speak to Mr Bowling. Deceased's statements ns to losses and having ruined himself and family were purely imagi nary. llo was in good circumstances ; had a good professional income. Tho only way I can account for hi3 conduct is, that liis mind was not strong enough to bear up against pressure of business. From bis manner last uiglit my opinion was, that lie was about to be seized with an attack of brain fever, or something of the kind. Thomas Murphy Newman on oath says : I am managing clerk to Messrs. Tcalo and Garrett, solicitors. King-street, Sydney, and havo been so noting for sovcral years; for many years I havo been acquainted witb the late Ilonry Bond Garrett. Ou tho 5th in stant, Mr. Tcalo wcut to Kurrajong with his wife and family, leaving Mr. Garrett in Sydney. 1 was not at business that day; but the following Monday I saw Mr. Garrett. Uo went to the office ou Sunday the Till instant, bo remained in tho office all day, aud I ob served uuthiug unusual in his conduct. On the next day (Tuesday) I had hecu out in tho morniug. On my return Mr. Garrett informed mo that Mr. Chapman, solicitor, of Sydney, had called about a matter of business then pending, aud that lie (Mr. Garrett) had inad vertently told Mr. Chapman something that he thought lie ought to have withheld. De ceased was very much excited about it, and continually expressed Lis regret that lie had dono so. His excitement continued all day, and had not abated till the following morniug, but at tlio close of tho day, aud the next day, ho was much calinor. Eventually, his mind appeared to he quite relieved about that matter. Oil last Friday, a client oallcd with reference to an agreement which ho wns to make, and Mr. Garrett advised him to sign it. The agreement was read over by deceased and tbo client. Tlio client touk it away for tbo purpose of execution. On Saturday, deceased camo into the office as usual, but I saw very little of biiu. Ho was in tbo court ucuvly tbo whole day. 1 observed no excitement about bim that day. I left the office that day about half-past 4 o'clock. Mr. Garrett remained there. I saw nothing more of liim till Mou- day morning, when I found him at tho office at tho usual hour for commencing business, lie was tbeu very much excited, and told me he was afraid ho had committed a great blunder, in allowing his client to sign tho agreement mentioned, and that he ought to havo told liim that ho was not hound to sign it. Deceased's excitement coiitinuud through tho day, and seemed to bo increasing, so much so, that ho was utterly uulit to attend to Die business that was going on ill the office. I did all ill my power to keep liim from recurring to tho matter ; but it was no use, be frequently recurred to it, and on every reference put his hands to his head, saying, " What have I done? How could I havo been so mad as to do it?" liis excitement was so great that I saw lie was unfit to go on with biisims', and I determined to send a telegram for the purpose of Iringiug his partner (Mr Toalc) to town, aud relieve him (Mr. G.)" of tlio management, so that lie might obtain a little rest, which was all I thought ho needed. 1 sent a telegram ac cordingly to Mr. Toalc, which was to the effect, " Great pressure of business. Your presence required immediately." Mr. Garrett bad told me that lie bad no sleep for several nights previously, iu eonsequenco of ibo matters already referred to, and that lie bad scarcely eaten anything fov the same length of time; and that what be bad eaten lie bad vomited. Mr. Garrett and myself left tbo ofi'ieo at u quarter-past 7 o'clock tbo sauiu evening, and we parted at the corner of King- street. I went to tho offico the next morning, and found that Mr. Teal bad arrived, but was not at tbo offico just then. Ho camo iu shortly afterwards, and I mentioned to liim the reason of tbo telegram having been sent to bim mentioning to liim the matters already referred to. While we wcro talking Mr. Garrett came in. Mr. Garrett, addressing Mr. Tcalo, said, "Thank God yon have come, lie tlicn said bo could iuform Mr. Teale of tbo reasons that rendered liis presence necessary. Mr. Garrett appeared to be us much excited as formerly, and Mr. Teale requested bim to go with liim to bis (Mr. Garrett's room) up-slairB, and say what bo bad to say. They did so. When Mr. Garrett camo down stairs, I saw him only for a minute, and he went away im mediately, with the expressed intention of going homo. I saw him no more after that. Deceased's statement as to the ruin of his (Mr. Tcalc's) family, and the business, was purely imaginary. Ho was under great nervous ex citement. lie was so nervous that lie waa afraid to have auy thing more to do with busi ness, fearing ho would commit an error, llo was regular and temperate in his habits. I have known bim intimately fur the last ten years. 1 uever beard him threaten to destroy himself. And from my knowledge of liiui bo was tbo last person 1 thought would kavo committed such au act. E. J. Duigau, a legally qualified medical practitioner, on oath, states : I was called shortly after 8 o'clock this morning to tho gcntlouiau since deceased, and found bim lying iu the ball, supported by a servant. A towel was rolled around tbo neck, and a largo quantity of blood was in pools all about. I removed the towel, and fouud a very deep gasli in tho throat, from which arterial blood flowed freely, several arteries having been severed. I saw lie was sinking from exhaus tion from les3 of Mood, and, witb Mr. Teale, removed liim to tbo bedroom. I applied pressure with a sponge over the wound, being lighter than the towel, and went for somo surgical needles with tlio intention of stitching up the wound. Ou my return he was dying, and did so in a few seconds. The body uow viewed by the Coroner and jury 111 my presence is that of tbo gentleman referred to ill my evidence. From tbo position of tbo wound I . should say it could bavo been so inflicted ; from the depth of tbo wound, 1 believed it bad not been inflicted with a razor, but witb a knife, when I first saw it. The jury rcturucd tho following verdict :— " Henry Bond Garrett, aged about tliirty-four years, committed suicide, at Woollahra, on tlio 16tli instant, by cutting bis throat with a knife whilst labouring under a fit of temporary insanity." Dunno Stock Refort. — Tlio weather during the week has hecu unchanged, and al though the sun was not so scoreliiugly hot, still it has been sufficiently so to dry up and further parch tho feed on tho plains. From all parts of the district arise the same com plaints — want of raiu. At Bourkc the weather is excessively hot, and the grass becoming burnt up. However, it is said that six montlis drought will not reduce the country around thero to the same state a3 it was last season. There is also plenty of grass aud water. From the Bogan, we hear that the feed and water along tho river frontage is becoming exhausted, and that the travelling sheep passing cat up the grass, until tho country is liko " an ash- bed." Ou the Macquaric, though tbo want of rainfall is felt, things have a better aspect. From the Castlcrcagh we have advices that rain is much wanted. Throughout tho wholo ' of tlio colony the samo want is felt, and tho plains near Deniliquin arc becoming dried up, and feed for travelling cattle i3 getting scarce everywhere. The continuous dry weather de- tors speculators from investing iu eitlior sheep, or cattle, and transactions in clock in this dis-. triot are almost at a standstill. The dread of another drought is sufficient to deter the most risksoinc from buying; and until a good soak ing three or four days' rain sot3 in, wo do not expect that any business of consequence will bo reported. Although a great many of tbo runs are understocked, squatters will not, at present, buy sheep at any terms. Macleay and Clarke's 11,000 sheep arc travelling down tlio Bogan. Ridge's 300 fat cattle from tbo Molo passed on Suuday en route for Kathurst or Sydney. They were a splendid mob, aud the smallest amongst them weighed, when killed, 7U01bs. £5 10s. was offered and re fused ou tho station. Two hundred and forty head of fat cattle from the Mole, belonging to Mr. G. Smith, will bo in Dubbo 011 the 20tb. 900 store cattle, belonging to the same owner, aro coming up the river; they will stop nt Buudemar Creek, expecting a sale. Laseclles aud Keighran's 900 store cattle, rcpoi led to ho very good, arc at Narraininc, kuuud for Deu- iliquiu. Two mobs of fat cattle — one lot of 100 from the Mcrri Merri, belonging to l'aul Iiarfuid — arc reported to bavo been gone on to Mudgco. Sheep from the Lower Balunue aud Upper Culgoa are tloikiug down to tho Bailing, owing to tho want of grass and water. Wieuliolt's 12,000 store wethers, in charge of Mayuc, have passed Wagga. l)u- marcsq's 5000 cheep (ill charge of Alaric Anderson) have crossed the Munumbidgec, at the samo place. — ' Dispatch,' January 17. Deaths in the Busii. — Two deaths in tho hush have been repelled in town dining the week. On Wednesday intelligence was cent iu that the remains of a man had been found at lloulighati's Creek, on tho track be tween Oowarhy and Eunuiiyhareeiiyah. A ' post mortem' examination was made by Dr. Morgan, who gave it as Ins opinion tuat llio unfortunate deceased bad pciished from thirst. Bcatli had apparently taken place about tlirco weeks ago. Three shillings were found iu his trousers 'pocket, aud a note from a man named Birch, asking for some tobacco to bo sent to him. A billy and pint pot were found near the body, which was lying some little way from the creek. The remains wcro interred near the spot where they were found. — Tho second body was found close to O'Donnell's free selection at Junco. Tbo deceased was seeu to pass Leiteli's walerholc ou Tuesday or Wednesday last ; on tlio evening of the first mculioued day, a 111:111 was seen by O'Donnell's boy near this place, aud was taken by bim to bo a ghost. Tbo deceased was a grey-headed old man, between fifty and sixty years of ago. According to tbo evidence of Dr. Morgan, death hod been caused by serous npnplexy. IV lien discovered the body was clothed' with a pair of trousers, hut no shirt. Upon hearing of the occurrence, Mr. Rusch bad tbo remains conveyed to bis station, where they bavo been since intoned. — ' Wagga >\ ngga Express. 