VISIT OF THE CATHOLIC BISHOP OF ADELAIDE TO MOUNT GAMBIEK. fOorresDondent. 1 The Bight Rev. Dr. Sheil having announced his intention of visiting Mount Gambier on Friday last, the ISth inst., a large concourse of the Catholic community were preparing to meet bis Lordship and to give him a hearty welcome on this his first visit. But man pro poses and God disposes, for Dr. Sheil was taken suddenly ill and deemed it advisable to proceed to the Mount as soon as possible, thus rendering it impossible for a public demonstration. His Lordship, accompanied by his Secretary, the Rev. J. E. T. Woods, and the Rev. T. N. Hin terocker arrived at the Presbytery shortly before 7 p.m. on Thursday. On Saturday a deputation waited upon him, and the following address, which was printed upon white silk, and edged ivith fringe, was presented to him : — 'To the Bight Rev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. ' We, the Catholics of Mount Gambier, take this our first opportunity to offer our heartfelt congratulations on your Lordship's recent elec tion to the See of Adelaide, and to testify the joy we experience at your arrival amongst us. Your well- known reputation as a zealous and devoted pastor, and especially your election by the Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God as one of the successors of the Apostles, inspires us with sentiments of confidence that the interests of our Holy Faith will flourish more and more in your paternal hands ; and in confirmation of this we nave only to glance ac tae many worra m aia of religion inaugurated by your Lordship's zeal and charity. ' Remotely situated as we are from the centre of the diocese, aud notwithstanding so many years bare elapsed since we enjoyed the happiness of welcoming our Bishop, we sin cerely trust that the labors of our faithful clergy have not been without fruit, and we will also venture to add. that in attachment to the Holy See, and the respect and veneration that are due to the Episcopal character, we may not bear an unfavorable comparison with the Catholics of more highly favored districts. 'Praying that God may long spare your Lordship to preside over us as a Father and Apostle, aud promising on our part the most hearty co-operation and filial obedience, we once more bid you a hearty welcome, and beg your Lordship's Episcopal blessing. ' Thomas Hanan ' Michael Byrne ' Jas. Cullen ' Philip Ryan ' Thomas Bennett ' Charles Fox.' His Loedshtp thanked the deputation for the address, and remarked that every part was prompted l»y ? -Catholic spirit. Since he iuul UO personal claims upon them he accepted the compliment as paid to him in the capacity of Bishop. He was gratified at the allusion in it to the Pastor of the Mount Gambier Church, as he knew from personal observation that the compliment was well deserved, and also at the statement of their willingness to co-operate with him in any undertaking for the benefit of the Church. OnSunday morning the Bishop, assisted by the Very Rev. the Dean and the Rev. J. E. T. Woods celebrated mass, and administered holy com munion in presence of a large congregation. At 11 o'clock he administered the sacrament of confirmation. The Church was crowded to ex cess — people of all denominations being present to witness the ceremony. Eighty-three candi dates presented themselves for confirmation, the majority wearing long white veils, which, in addition to the tasteful decorations of the Church, rendered the ceremony imposing. Over the altar was a scroll with the device ' Welcome to our Bishop,' worked in green leaves on a white ground. His Lordship was assisted by the Very Rev. the Dean, the Bev. J. E. T. Woods, the Rev. J. N. Hinterocker, and the Rev. C. vander Heyden. Prayers were read in the . evening by the Rev. C. van der Heyden. After which the Bishop delivered a most edifying discourse, in whioh he alluded to the fact of our Saviour lteing brought to the Temple by His parents, and reminded Christian parents of the solemn obligation they are under with regard to their children. Tiie choir, con sisting, of the school children, sang Beveral hymns and the Litany. His Lordship expressed himself much pleased with the progress they had made, as they sang in a manner which reflected great credit on their teachers and on the Rev. C. van der Heyden, who bestows much care upon them- On Mouday evening, the Rev. J. N. Hinterocker preached a sermon in German, to a large congregation, including several of the leading German Protestants, who expressed universal satisfaction at the rev. gentleman's eloquent and instructive discourse, in which he demonstrated the unity of the Church. On Monday morning Dr. Sheil, accompanied by his Secretary and the Dean, skirted from Penola, from whence be will proceed to Hamilton. 