PENNY READINGS. A series of entertainments was initiated on Thursday night, at the Mechanics' Institute, which we hope may be long continued and successful. Dr. Johnson says " bad beo gnnings make bad endings." If the converse of this is true the, penny readings have a glorious prospect. The room was densely crowded. Crinolines and stiff petticoats were put on short allowance, and knees were made to kiss each other in a most affectionate man ner, so much so that persons who were never so impressed before began to think themselves knock-kneed. What with the blaze of gas, the five hundred noses, the top- coats, close packing, and incessant sighing, the air was quite tropical, although every window was open. That avant coureur of winter-in fluenza-was, unfortunately for all, playing at hide and seek. 'First it was down one throat, then down another, and the coughing evidenced that the winter visitor was dodg ing all over the room. If coughing be proof, there can be lo doubt that influenza is ubiquitous, for it was in more than one place at once, throughout the first part of the night. The Rev. O. Price, the President of the Institute, presided, and read the audience a I wholesome and impressive homily on pro priety and decorum. He sternly admonished all the juveniles to keep silence, and the ad monition had such force that if there were 1 any naughty boys they did not venture to 1 show their heads "at any price." This was I a great blessing, .for of all intolerable nui- I sances it is that hydra-headed one-pit noise. The entertainment was introduced by a lively pianoforte solo by Mr. T. Sharp, which was followed by Mr. J. J. Hudson reading " On looking about us." The applause was great when the reader had finished. "The Lillipit Lovee,"read by Mr. A. W. Birchall, is a charming piece of doggrel. The girls laughed and the boys clapped their hands, and! sighed to think there was no such Paradise for juveniles. The next piece on the programme was that of a cornet solo by Mr., Robins, the selection being from " II Trovatore." . This gentleman did not play in order, but he played afterwards and in very good style. The rendering was soft and free from harshness, the sounds in the piano parts appearing to float along the walls. •Mr. C. M'Arthur read "The Retired Commercial and Deserted Inn," with good effect. It is a quaint and faithful sketch of old stage-coach days. The reading was very appropriate, for we are now revelling in the old stage coach in all its glory. But the days of the four-in hand, top heavy, slow lumbering vehicles are numbered. Someone will have to write the death, and Mr. McArthur will, in all proba bility, live long enough to read it. Mr. G. Israel quite startled the audience out of that propriety and decorum the reverend chairman had so emphasized as desirable by screaming out with all the vehemence of a Mrs. Caudle, "Look at the Clock." Everybody looked but there was no clock to look at. Mr. Israel .read on, oblivious of the astonishment he had created. He had rivetted the attention of the audience on the history of a Welsh clock and a Welshman, the piece being taken from that book of books the "Penny Readings." As we have before had occasion to remark, Mr. Israel is a first- rate reader-of facetious pieces at any rate. This may be his forte, but if he can turn from the gay to the grave with equal effect he is quite an accomplished person. But the readers who can turn, in good style, from reading Mr. S. Weller's adventuire at the "Bricklaying Branch of the Grand United Junction Ebenezer Tem perance Association" to the " Shipwreck" in Don Juan, or the " Dying Gladiator" in Ohilde Harold, are few. The two styles require different talent - the one being comic and the other tragic. Public readers would do well to learn this fact, and . act accordingly. Mr. F. L. Fysh sang the "Young Recruit" with muSh taste. He has a sweet tenor voice, which filled the room with good effect. The audience showed its good taste by encor ing, but the Chairman would'nt have it, justly observing tlmt the programme was very long. Mr. J. Gurr read " Man was made to mourn," but it should not be read in a mournful voice. Mi-. W. F. WVathen gave some of the drolleries of epitaphs, and made the audience laugh immoderately. Mr. M'Arthur read a piece apropos of fire brigades, and Mr. J. S. Harvey in helmet, and red coat, followed with the song " God bless the Fire Brigade." He looked quite imposing, the suit being "bran new." One was insensibly reminded of-_ " Achilles' wrath, to Greece the direful spring Of woes unnumbered, heavenly goddess sing." Mr. W. Gurr, recited the "Quaker and the Robber," and Mr. B. Swifte read "A Terribly Strange Bed." That pretty glee "The Red-Cross Knight" appears next on the programme but it.was.given;in the early part of the evening, by three 'gentlemen who are members of the now musical society. Mr. J. Ogilvie gave "Mrs. M'Geo's Monkey and the Highlandman" in genuine Scotch dialect. The Rev. C. Price rend '"'Good Night," and the entertainment was brought to a close by, the choir and-audience singing the National Anthem, Mr. Sharp accompanying on ,the organ. On the whole the entertainment was a de cided success, and it augurs well for the future gatherings. It would not have been surpris ing if the room had been. only half filled, seeing that the streets were muddy aind the sky rather . black, but the room, as before stated, was unpleasantly. crowded. The music is a decidedly good feature, and great praise is due to the gentlemen who assisted, especially Mr. Sharp, who it should be re membered is . a professional ot no mean ability. It is to be hoped the Committee' will be enabled to induce some ladies to come forward to give assistance, as they would be a great acquisition. Some of the readers have yet to.learn that it is necessary to acquire a raised tone of voice for,effective reading before a large audi once. Not a bawl, not a strained delivery, but a clear, full articulation. This difflculty is, however, overcome more by practice than effort; but as a means of obtaining it rapidly the chest should be distended, the lungs well filled, the head held eerect, and the mouth widely.opened. Many words are often lost to those sitting at the extreme ends of the room, because they are allowed to kick against the speaker's teeth and are .then rolled back by the tongue down the throat again, like a pill. Those persons sitting near got the ghosts of the untimely smothered a words. We may suggest that some sparkling reading maybe obtained from tihe Wils and Beaux of Society, and some short fairy stories from Hans Ohristian An. derson, suitable for the juvenile portion of an audience.- The boys and girls should not be forgotten. It may also be ob served that:: ponderable reading, however sound and good, is not suitable for such mixed audiences as are found at penny read ings. The grave philosophy that would .harmnthe man of thirty would be irksome to girls and boys, while " A little nonsesse now and then , Is relished by the wisest men." We do not say that " Folly, in his cap and bells," should be allowed to reign supreme; but " Wisdom and his sermon book" should only be allowed to take a small part in such proceedings, for "Wisdom with his leaves of lead," as Tom Moore describes that virtuous man, reigns alone in the lecturo-hall and at scientific readings. There is a time to laugh, a time to weep, and time at a penny reading should be 'occupied in laughing and singing, or in admiring sublime poetry.' The receipts were, in copper, £1 lls 4d; silver, £3 2s 2d-total, £4 13s Gd. On Thursday evening next Dr. Jenner will de liver a lecture on " the chemistry of common life;" and on Thursday week another reading will take place, at which several other gentle men will assist. 