..?:.? A TRIP TO SYDNEY. (From our Bathurst Correspondent.) Correspondents, like other people, occasionally change the dull monotony of their existence. By a fanciful species of ratiocination your Bath urst correspondent persuaded himself that air and recreation would brush away the cobwebs that have been accumulating for three long years,' restore to pristine vigour the flimsy down on the top of his cranium, and, pe'rchance, metamor phose the incipient streaks of gray which to him, as to Evangeline in Longfellow's beautiful poem, betokens the ' dawn of another life as break in the eastern sky the first faint streaks of the morning.' Repeating the ' beatus illc qui proait a negotns or Horace, 1 mentally survey the landscape in search of some happy valley to spend my three weeks of holidays when memory alights with a pounce upon the grandiloquent, peroration of David Buchanan's letter to Mr. Arnold, then Minister of .Works, ' I have come, said that Bombastes, to where the mighty ocean thunders in its liberty.' Well, David, so have I. Your grand syno nyms for salt water sunk at the time into my soul, and it is only now when suffocated in this seeth ing atmosphere that I open my eyes to the de lusion of trusting in anything to the flourish of your rhetorical trumpet. Jt consoles and com pensates me however for my credulity, to find that on the opi^osifce shores of the great Pacific, eleven thousand miles away, there are country men of mine who will find themselves gulled immeasurably more than 1 have been, should you close with the offer lately sent you from San Francisco. Do, David dear ! accept the offer. Thil bo nighted land can well afford to lose j^ou. The ? generation will not miss you ; the colony will progress as well without you, and. in homely phraseology 'there will be many a dry eye after you.' Go with a blessing. Proceda et prospera. Having decided upon spending a few weeks in the metropolis I found inyselt at halt-past six m the morning dashing in one of Cobb and Co.'s coaches over Denison Bridge that spans the Macquarie and links the past to the present in linking Kelso to Bafcnurst. Ths inflamed disc of the sun as it rose above the, crests of the Blue Mountains looked like a globe of fire, and the horizon, for several degrees tinged with red, gave us the idea of Homer's conflagration on the mountain tops as^eli as the promise of an un usually hot day when the glorious orb. we igazed at should have progressed a little higher in his course to the zenith. Nor were we deceived. For, although our' ;course- led iis through ever varying horizons ; although bur charioteer, like Phaeton in the heavens, easily impressed his will upon the team ; although the horses bounded forward at every manifestation of that guiding will, and seemed to; know, as if by iustiuct, the wishes of the sun- tanned Diomedes on the box ; although the flakes of foam, . and sweat, and froth fell copiously from the well-champed bits and panting flanks as the coursers impatiently plunged ahead and shook their dilated nostrils ? as if in defiance to old Sol,:yet did old Sol con tinuously gain upon us, .and; forrfche live-long day pour down his . burning. rays;: without respite »-'y- roi-biga-ti/vn '.- ?'^~~^j^-^^^~'^~; t i^tSOXC VICISSI-'' tude of the pancrama; ' ;Our':eyes were dazzled , and weakened. * by? ' the -\ reverberated 'heat ' and light— pyramidsipf isand! andv: dust rose- in. front of us and . behind; andioeqasionally caught us within the centres' pf 'their gyrations, as ;in an aerial vortex, .giving us a jialpable feeling of the sufferings of those' ^who': are' overtaken by the Simoom in .the;Sj.hai:a: or the inhospitable wastes of the Libyan;,deserte,,vv/ j ;:;;?;? . , The Green ?Swamp,i;fiipcifullyi designated -/ree-t on the principle of-mCiUs.a npn lucendo,,wsLS passed before we began tb.'lsu'ffer toe, dire 'calamities referred to/'ahd our :;slia[{p'ws^grew;lefes ' and less, and filially.) drifted into.iinsignificant-dwarfsi a couple of., inches -in length ^j^by^fthe time we reached [tKelhQspiUMnijiif^ie&d;^^lsitf kept by Mr. LaSvre'uce' -DjUrack^ ^Here?; 'indeed, ' is an oasis: irere^m^'^lh^Xy^i'y^traveljLer. ; hope to find ' good ?enfei:tainmenti|6r»man' and beast,' and ?that.:isi-m.o^iB'tharf]-^-jcans.4ay.-fpv the rest of the ini-is between^ Penrith, and ?.Bath,urs't. ; Leav ing Meadow; ,FJat'' behind' us .wet circuitously ..creep'-i'bund_Mo'u^'1Lamine, 'ibsitig;'iii:the com parative -levelne'ss-;.'of:-tk---^ l winds around,. bhe hill^jbUatj m3.g1ii.ti «eu$ vi&WAof; nature which, iniisbjbe rpntemfeejl b.y.,;.the;,|d;d t^ayellers . over fclie'mbuntaihs?'^ Hie eveniie's's'oJK the loco motion -' by* 'norineans; ed'mp' erisabs^- tor ^what is lost ;:in..iisdeiier.yit iFijom' f ftli^^sfcbi'iiiy, ^erest'^'bf'' ;Mountj I^awbie ;aii ? thej.igopj* ?qld- flays ;ot 'yore, when , .t_het-lme|Qf s_ ?Ecad-i;pas?i(3d'qyer: tbe hj^^th'e,:-; traveller nHg1at*vgaze.va,s 1. f ronf tlie_s!ummit pf ;a : higH-'tpweV/ 5o'ver t:K\?;m^ltituRinot^ sucb^sibn of :.undulati6na;fflii;lte'(^i^aMSys-^i'eiit'si-'anlOc^ with.Kere'aiidjt^^VfttailipeccofegreBn^^^^^^ in the ' fprests^mn^^ of 'the ' Australian- /wpodsmen', ;.;., wh^'j . ^ve .? settled from the;'earlyuda'ys'lb!f *bblbJn!i^|ii;ion albiic 'the 'bpursestof the-Fish! RiiVeKV .'ilff tiie^'back ground, ' -far away, stood ouftabhe/gr.ajf. peak.-'dil' tlie:Raf5or jt-ack. in,boldjrelie|, .on tjie|blue:of, anj unclouded ' 'sky,, like somerg'igant'icTitian scaiin^.,the. heavens The changin'g brcifel'-oaVl'lia's ebmpleteiy' changed the- scene, for by theqjrese'irt rotitW the vista is limited and sbmbreii-: ;. Thai view- on every side is monotonous. ?,Yo.u:ifeeljypurRelf ir.pc.ked, .as in .a cradlev by the «sce'iHj'ing,and de,S(:emlingof the coach ovtjr ' the' ! iinUuiati'ons. ' Yuii withdraw your ; eyesifrom the 'intolerable ^saiiieness, and at length are found travellingiri th&laiul; of dreams. This. atv- least ..was the ; result ? w.it(\: dwp of my fellow 'traveliers— a .braepvof'; almond-eyed chudren of the flowery land —who kept for a time-inclining; their' dvo\v'sy c'^iostial noddles at ea;ch other -with, an energy tha't-'tlireateried to ,'crHck .their skulls jshpnld. the icarful moment of impact arrive before ,w.e. had quit the preciuqta of this sonmiferbns'sule of'iyJourit Lainbie. :At lengthvve-roiimFtlie Hill and arrive at ?Solitary ,i Greek: /? Solitary .is 'no misnomer for this.spott: j^iit^whetilitjr xij d.eiived its suggestive appeliabion'i'rdni its' single creek— -its only public liouse— .(Avmcii By the way js .admirably kept by our old frieVid-Jinlce Huglies)or from the general solitude and sense of absent atiima.!-ion whether of man, beast, or liird, perceptible throughout ? the lonely glen history, doth not say. We light our pipes- -button our pockets — yoke in a new team, and bound away from the gloomy hollow appropriately designated 'Soli- tary Creek.' _ We now commence to journey through a por tion of the country that in the penal days was the scene of much persecution. We were fast Hearing the ' Junction' which needs only to be mentioned to be sorrowfully remembered by many an 'old hand.' This is the famous stream that was followed up in 1813 by the pioneer explorers of Australia, Wentwortb, Blaxland, and Lawson, and which was the means of proving the practicability of a. route over the hitherto impervious Blue Mountain Ranges. „ These three aristocratic travellers got 3000 acres of the pick of the new country, whilst poor Surveyor Evans who followed up the ex ploration from Coxo's River to the Macquarie, and subsequently to the Lachlaii got no grant. Well to 'return to the 'Junction,' it is a vast gorge between two hills, through which the Cox's River empties itself into the Lett. From the first successful moment of the exploration of 1813, a Convicts Camp was erected here. Soldiers were forwarded from Windsor and Pa- ramatta with summary powers over the unfortu nate men who had been sent hither. The road through the gorge is made in the solid rock and one ponderous overhanging ledge is pointed out as ' Monaghan's downfall.' This man, it appears was an Irishman and a Catholic the very worst recommendations in those dreadful times, and for indulging in a little bragadocio pardonable considering the danger and risk any man ran who openly proclaimed his connection with Ireland or Catholicity, this poor Monaghan Avas first tied up to the triangles and mercilessly' flogged. ' The wife of the man in authority coming forth at the time with her baby in her arms requested that the process of flagellation might be continued as her- baby laughed at each stroke, and it was only when baby began to cry, that the inhuman punishment abated. ? ? ? Monaghan, from such bruality resolved to es cape and actually made, his way with theflog^ers aud soldiers after him to the top of the large rock above referred to- wheii he either fell, or, as the old hands aver,: was thrown by his in human tormentors over the rock and killed. This is, only one of the thousand souvenirs of this camp of convicts. Here on the Western side, at Blackkeath in the centre, and .at Emu Plains the three great establishments of convicts1 w.ere. Governor Macquarie in ISlo offered free pardon to any man who should volunteer to enter either of these three stockades and remain until the road was finished. Thousands availed tnemseives 01 .wie oner ana notwithstanding the inhumanity of the men in authority thousands got their emancipation and were subsequently and in a few years the rich and thriving proprie tors of the countless farms and homesteads that dot the valleys of these romantic regions from the Razorback to the eaves of the Fish River.' The debris of the stockade are the only observable signs that this was at one time-ttiA./i.»'» ?J---'I'-~-; — ^ When the road was finished Governor Mac^ qurrie and his Lady and a large concourse of the elite of the day travelled over the Mountains and founded the town of Bathurst. Whatever may be said of Macquarie as regarding his rather unfortunate quarrel'with Father O'Flynn ?and the subsequent expulsion of the latter from the colony, no one can deny that Hercules himself would almost be frightened at the great work of pushing this road over the Mountains. There are some men, who vvhilst feeling that the present is fast decaying and eluding their grasp, yet. have, from some tine instinct, some feeling of futurity doing them the justice denied them in the present, carried the' national thoughts above the mere politics of parties and coui menced national monuments which, like pyra mids, would cause their names to descend the . stream of life for ever. . .'., , . : Such a man was Macquarie in his day, and every impartial traveller by the road, across the Blue Mountains must admit that none- but a' 'great man would try, as Maequarie. did to; leave: the impress. ; of his genius .on -thev.rocksyand;; ravines of this wo,riderfuivwoyk'..ti',^:4 ; ':V;!.. ,!'»r',. We are now in'the^country of 'freestone', anu1 ' arranite. and- coivsecmentl &* 6ur': ?eves? if the heat ' liihd :dust .would; -let ,r;the'm,vcould.' revel in the vanost :,curious^»ndrfanta§tic, ^hapes ; assumed by the rocks. 'We^n^.albii^h'e baseof^Biiinings ranges,'; and oUsefve ? in *^he*' distance fe Binniug's : downfall'' s6-eaired,-,.n(J')1/' b'e'eause :of a : similarity 'to the ;circumstp.nces connected with 'the nomen clature, of ^'A'iona^hajiJs- fl()Wln.fall,'.' but., because. ?Binning, the. first' 0 rcesus of these, regions,- had his'fortune niet4pl:.6'ri6aily 'strangled, in building a bridge on the old'rb'ad; '' '?????-?'?? -?'?'?'?'? ?'' ': ? i ? -' If his ghost was' sit£ingt!i ere we eould not see it as we wound round .the/new; linei of road, and dashed into what my .imagination has always pictured ancient Alba Loiiga to;have been. ? ; There is a descri|jtion of it somewhere in Livy or in Virgil — an immense ridge overhanging a white line of' houses with the. hills of Rome in the distance, ; Well ,if . tliis is not Bowenfells,: I don't know what is. if you' allow your fancy to begin to expand in this most enchanting re gion, [am at a loss to kuow'wher'e yOu'will find yourself. .You see altars, domes, spires,, and all kinds, of Gothic towers with donjon, keep scarp, portcullis and the other adjuncts as found in sensational tales of; the old Crusaders, or the romantic times of Cervantes. ? ' : The ruins of a ' P;irthenon— the stately pillars of the Temple of Theseus— the Ghebers lira altar —St. Pauls ifi,. London, and the yellow ruins of the Colis.eum at Rome, are all .there if your im agination is not disordered, and that you can enjoy the splendid view spread out by (rod before you. For myself, I did ? for the first time in three years freely, give reins to my imagination and T peopled every rock and ;;orge and gully witfi the dim reminiscences of c;Lo past. Everything 1 had seen in my you/ig days was here reproduced, and Buoh was the magical effect of a shift or turn in the road that ',' the inanimate objects before me assumed corres ponding shapes to anything and everything 1 had eead of, just as the talismanic letters on tha sabres of the Giaours that guard the halls and treasures of Eblis are said to change with each ?' successive motion of the hand. Whilst engaged ' -, in building castles in tlie air and tracing out the lineaments of caves and vaults and sombre grottoes we rise the hill and peep down into the village of Hartley. Here indeed was the poetic fall from the sublime to the ridiculous. How ever we descend like heroes and with the resig- ' ? nation of martyrs into what is shamelessly called Big Hartley. There is a Little Hartley a few miles ahead and 1 suppose from comparing these two things, as you would a pair of ants or flics, one of them by way of eminence was dubbed ' Big.' The nature of the buildings in this town would impress travellers with the idea that the inhabitants themselves have no abiding faith in its future stability, especially as soon as the line of railway at present rapidly progressing, shall have deprived it of the traffic that at pre sent passes through it. To my mind this is a doomed spot and I plainly read on its habitations these potent words frsm the mystic hand, '?Mane, Theckel, Phares.' One solitary mansion, and one alone redeems it. It is the new Catholic presbytery. Great was t'-e faith of the man who built it. It almoafc amounted to his zeal and taste. Perhaps he had the everlasting youth of the Catholic Church in his mind's eye when he built it, knowing full well that if everything else was ephemeral the Church was not, and that distant generations from circumjacent glens would gather on Sabbath mornings to worship there long after his dust had commirgled with the earth. Having passed ! both Hartleys we came at length to the base of Mount Victoria. And here, sir, I fear your , patience M'ould not brook a description of this ' awful, immense pile of granite, which with set ting sun tinting its numerous bald peaks with his last rays ere he sinks for the night behind the w stern for.-sts gave my imagination scope for recollecting where it was I had seen a de scription tit almost for the present time and place. The work was Byron's Manfred. The scene the cliffs of the Jungfrau with Nemesis soliloquising. 'The moon is rising broad, and round, and bright, ? And this most steep fantastic pinnacle — the fretwork of some earthquake, Where the clouds pause to repose themselves ia passing by, Is sacred to our revels or our vigils : Here do I await my sisters, on our way to the i , '?'hall of Arimanes.' : Here Mr. Editor do I lay down my Stylus for the present. \ 