CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONFERENCE. The sittings of the Conference commenced on Wedues day afternoon, and after those present took tbe oath that they were honafidt communicants, the Right Rev. the Bishop read the following address :— 'Mr Eevebend Bbetiires asd Ur.ETiiiiEs or tub LlITr. — It is a cause to roc of deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of all good tbat I have been |ieniiitted to invite you to this Conference, the result of which will, l trust, lean ny me uivwe messing to an adoption of some well-considered form of Synodical action ; and I cannot belp expressing the satifaction which I feel that so many of the clergy of my diocese buve been able to ac cept tbe invitation I addressed to them, and that with so very few exceptions the different cougrexutions of the diocese are represented by the presence of lay delegates amongst us. lo inviting you to this Conference, I huve acted upon that which I believe to be the authority iu berent in my office ; and in making preliminary arrange ments for the convening of this Conference I have fol lowed the course which I believe to have been almost universally, if not indeed universally, adopted iu other dioceses upon similar occasions. I hare invited every adult male lay member of the Church to take a part in the election of those who might represent them ut the Conference ; and I have required that those who have been elected as representatives should, before taking a seat in our Conference, subscribe a declaration to the effect that tbey are bona fidt communicant members. I have heard, indeed, that u|ion one or two occasions ex ceptiou lias been taken to tbe course which I have thought it necessary to pursue ; and, I believe, it has by some beeu considered that every congregation should have been left to determine in which way its representatives should be elected and tbat no subscription should have been required from those who are elected an represen tatives tbat they arc bona, Me communicant members of the communion they are presumed to represent. I cannot but think, my brethren, that if I hod so acted I should have been forgetful of the authority which I believe to be inherent in my office, of the constitution of the Church, and the nature of Church membership— for what, my brethren, is the Church ! It is no acci dental gatheringnf individual believers, but it is a cor porate 'iody, endowed by its Divine Head with s|«cific powers for the fulfilment of a specific purpose ; it is, the apostle tells us, the body of Christ, the fulness of Him that filletli all in all. And what, my brethren, is the test nf our Church membership but that we, gladly re ceiving the Word and being baptised, continue utc Ifnstly in the apostle's doctrine and fellowship, nnd in breaking of bread, and in prayers. I have, then, invited you, my brethren, to this Conference in order that we may take counsel together as to whether we consider that the time has arrived for the adoption of some form of Synodical action, and if to, what form we should desire to adopt — whether hy legislative enactment, or consensual com pact ; and 1 need scarcely remind you that in any action that we may bike, iu order for that action to be effee- ? tual, it will be necessary that it should have the con current assent of the three estates— the bishop, clergy and laity. And here, my brethren, you will perhaps excuse me if, adopting the spirit of. if not the exact words, of the present Metropolitan liishop of Canada. I occupy a little of your time in some explanations respect ing the institution and meauing of a Diooesin Stnol, and respecting the true position of a bishop in his diocese. I will not trouble you With too luin re de tails, but will first refer to the scriptural char.ictt r 'f the power of the bUbops, such (is Timothy and Titus, who were placed by the apostles over tbo.Cburehes, to ' eel in order the things that were wanting,' and provide a suitable organisation at the commencement, and before any other means were provided for the rollcctiug together tbe members and the organising of the body. On this head I will read a short extract from Bishop Hall, one of those prelates who in our Church stands among tbe highest for piety mid learning. Iu bis book, which is a standard work on this subject, he dcuncs episcopacy thus :— ' An eminent order of eaereJ functions, appointed by the Holy Ghost in the Evangelical Church, for the governing and exercising thereof, and for this purposv besides the administration of the word and sacraments, endued with power of im position of hands and perpetuity of jurisdiction.' And then be goes on to say :— ' It is acknowledged by the Presbyterians that there is n certain polity necessary for the retention of the Church's peace. That the pastors should meet together in classes and Synods. That in Synods thus assembled there must be due order kept. Tbat order cannot be kept where there is an absolute equality of all persons concerned. That it is therefore necessary that there Bhould be a head —president, or governor of the assembly, who, wben the business is ended, returns to his own place without any personal in equality. They, the Presbyterians, can be content that there should be a prime Presbyter, and that he shall moderate, for a time, the public affairs of the Church, but without all innate and fixed suprriority, without all (though never so moderate) jurisdiction. The Bishop, whom we contend for, is ordained a perpetuit tniilerat n in Church affairs iu a fixed imparity, exercising spirit na' ' jurisdiction out of hiejown consecrated authors ' Harrow, my brethren, in bis gtvat work on t ? ? ! supremacy of the Po|ie, takes up the argumen of the Diocesan Episcopacy, in order to urge it agtinst the usurpations of tbe Pope, lie says, and his work is the standard one on tbe subject, which never has been answered, and probably never will be : — ? At firat each Church was settled apart under its own Bishop nnd Presbyters, so as independently and separately to uimage its own concerns ; each was governed by its own head, - and had its own Uws. Every liisbop, as a Prince in Mb I own Cburch, did act freely according to his will and dis- | cretion, with the advice of an ecclesiastical senate, and with the consent of his people, (the which he did UB» lo consult) without being conirolaMe by an; other, or ac countable to nny, further than bis obligation to upliold the verity of Christian professions, and to maintain fat- i terual community in charity and peace with the neigh- I bouring Churches did require.' Tbat, my brethren, was , the pusition in «liieh the original bishops were placed , in their dioceses ; they were to rule and govern them, ! aud carry on the work of the Cburch within them. As necessity required they called in the assistance of the presbyters and people to aid tbem with their counsel, and that is the position in which we are now placid. It is as Biibop of this diocese that I call on you, the pres byters and laity, to come forward and oncur with me in the great work of administering thin diocese, in organiz ing a syntcm, and giving effect to it wben organused. I iu-k you to uphold my bauds in the res|»nsible and very arduous task bid on me. The aliove extracts (ram the well-known works of Bishop Hall and Or. Barrow, sill enable you to understand me when I say, that for any course of action which, after due deliberation, we may determine to adopt, to be effectual, it must have the concurrent assent of the three estates— the bishop, clergy, and laity. Neither estate desires to claim any superiority over «r independence of the other. As liishop of this diocese, I desire to or ganize nnd administer the diocese in and through j the wisdom and .authority uf the Synod. The Bishop | cannot act without the consent of the clergy and Uity, , the clergy without tbe consent of tb* laity and Bishop, tbe Uity without tbe consent of Bishop and clergy. In ' ronstimting a Synod yon, my brethern, an not giving i his jurisdiction to tbe Bisbop. We do not aok -ou to create him, bnt to share witb him a power already his. ' And now, my brettiern, having spoken of tbe institution and meaning of a Diocesan Synod, aad the teat position of a Bisbop in his diocese, I would desire to say a few words to you with regard to thr present p-sitim eftbs colonial Chnreh and its connection with tbe Cburch of the sMtbrr coaatry. In lately revisiting my sntive land, I could not bat be struck with tke yeaning desire whiob Ifoaaden ercry tide to be embibited tor tbe re antni «fCbrisbBadsm, fortfce btaltag «f tbe body in tbe Mitdies of Cbrist, an fay schin and division se nUj tarn sosader. Bat if we dm aot expect to be twrssUttato tohoH in Mr ewa day that remiea at ?vresdingbru hU#epwmaji^Sm^UUiS^^-MM of Cbnst. If wo euiiwt arrive at io* *~$9&jl; Hzfr '; Christendom, fet « im,* taattheirttttMuwitwf fi*». c-mii an I PiwiiviM Sounds in tbe mtaafrw aiii itptn duncies o[ tie liriiish' Kmuimniay to atefi* toward* en abliug our Own widely spreading lirsncii of tbc pare Bud ' ' reformed Catholic Cburch of Christ to speak before has - 1 with the full voice of her collective body, ? A step - aad ami in my judgment, a -very iuipoctaut step— iras lately taken in this diiection, wben our »eoeraUc Primate lately invited the bislM|« of thjse branches of tlie Catholic Church of Christ wbicb are in visible ujjiou and communion with the United Church of Unwind »nd Ire land to the Conference n hich under hi* tirade'; pre sidency, is a' oat to be boldcu in the coarse of tl.e (in; cent month at Lambeth. At tbat t'onferean: iJ-« rif stnt uonditisn ot the Colonial Church and ita euLJUioh with the Church of tbe mother country will, I doutii not, be carefully and prayerfully considered, and one serious question wkieb we may expect will -M-'j|y tie attention of the Conference in how at mice to secure tbt general unity of our l.on- uidely-fipreailing brunch of tke Catholic Church of Christ with tbe necessary indepfu -Ieut gorernmeiit of tlie *rera! brandies in all nutters of local detail and internal disci|4iue ; remembering that the Church nf England for upwards of two hundred yev.t after the Reformation, was confined almost enlirciy within tbe four seas tbat furroonled tbe British Ii! (?-?:. whilst its wonderful progress within the but boli ceutury, or something more, including tbe transatlantic branch in tbe United States, lias almost equalled in magnitude the growth of the Church in tbe Apostolic age. I shall purposely refrain, my brethren, from entering at any lc:.gtb upon the consideration vi this question, because I think it is our wisdom In await the result of those debberalions, and trust to profit by the wisdom and cx|ierience of those who will be assembled ai that Conference. Tuis mocb, at brethren, I would desire to say, iu cuusideiing the rela tion of the Cbun-.h nf tbe mother country to the Cbnrcb iu tbe coloni--.», it nill be neoesxary for us carefully to distinguish between what Are the essentials and what are the acci lent* of the Chur.li.. Tlie Church at borne is at once national and cutbolir— the Church in the colo nies is catholic but not national. Catholicity is of (he essence of the Church —its nationality is au accident. Tbe Church at home is a part and parcel of the British Constitution — in the colonies it in a voluntary nflsonin tion ; as such it desires to lie regarded, and claims to be in no belter or worse position thau any other religious denomination ; and if the Presbyterian or Wesleyan, or any other religious body are' able, without legislative enactment, to organise themselves, I can see no reason why, if after mature consideration such a course is con sidered to be the must expedient, the Cburch is notable to do likewise. The first question, then, my brethren, which I should desire to submit for your consideration is whether, in your judgment, the time tins arrived when it will be desirable for us to enter upon some form of synodical action ; and if this is decided by you in the alfirmative, then what form of aynodical action you would desire to adopt. Whether it should be by legislative enactment or consensual compact. Different forms of synodical action have, as you are aware, been already adopted in sereral of the Australian dioceses. It wiU be for the Conference to decide which, if any, of those forms they desire to adopt. I shall be ready, my brethren, to accept whichever the Conference may desire. Whilst as at present advised, I have not hesitation in saying tbat I think it would be desirable to adopt a form of consensual compact, with an application to the Legis lature, if subsequent experience should prove it to be desirable, for some simple enactment which with due regard to the vested inlerests nud specific trusts, may enable tke Synod to deal with the temporalities of the Church. I have already, my brethen, claimed your attention for a somewhat longer time than I had in tended, but before 1 bring this address to a close it may be desirable that I should briefly refer to some of the many important questions which would claim tbe atten tion of the Synod. First, then, I would say, in the colonies we are a voluntary association, and it will be necessary for us to adopt a constitution. Upon what then, I would ask, should tl at constitution be based but uiion God's written Word und tbe Prnver TWit «!,? best interpreter of the Bible, in reverently acknowledg ing that sacred volume which we receive not as beiop the word of man. but its it in !n very deed the word -'l -iod, we would earnestly contend for tbe faith once 6a liveipl to the saints. Having adopted n constitution, the Chu-eh bein^' iu itself an expanding l.olv, it uoull be for the Synod to mate arranaemenu for inereaninj tbe number of her ministering nervanu, who m^y occupy no;ne opening in the vast tui«*bn field, aud su'ply the place of lho-e of m who from being labourci-x iu tiie rield are called in the evening into the prevn.* uf tha'. Ltnl who fends us into the vincyird ; the suftentiition of thr clergy ; the organisation aud sun division of iiariBbos ; the appointment of clergy ; the' consecration of churches aud cemeteries; the education of the young ; tbe supply of the occasional offices of the Church, such as marriages nnd burials ; the adoption of some model trust dee I ; or the appointment of a board, who, subject to the control of the genera) Synod and to the terms of nny specific trust, might stand possessed nf lauds and money, either granted by the Crown orfgiveu. by any individual members for the use and benefit of the Church : the education of the children of tbe clergy, aud some provisions for those who, through infirmity nf age, are no longer able to fulfil the active duties of the ministry here ; and many other equally important euo jects would claim the attention of tbe Synod. As ibe chief pastor of the whole diocese, to the bishop is en trusted tbe ordination of ministers who may be associated witb him in the ministry of the Word und -Sacranrent ; the confirmation of the young ; and the dedication of a siiecial service to Almighty God of buildings, separated from all ordinary and profane uses, and specially dnvoted to His service. It is thus, my brethern, tbat I bav« ever considered that the appointment of the clergy to as sist him in ministering to tbe different congregations whs inherent in the office of the chief pastor of a diocese. G adly shall I divest myself in some measure of this great responsibility, nnd readily shall I eoucur in Miy carefully considered measure nf thu- great rraponsibiliU-. and ni dily shall I cnur.nr in any amfilii? considered lueauire by which the members of the different congregations may have a voice in tbe appointment of the clergy ; and now. my brethern, may (tod in His great mercy, be with us in these our deliberations ; ami may He, for Christ's 8'k- enn'de us to do that wbich'sholl be luatt'coniiuctivo ti tv lucre-Lie of piety and the furtherance of true religion am mgnl u«.' After some discussion, a Committee was appointed to examine and report upon the system . of Church govern ment existing in the other colonies 'of Australia. Tbe Conference subsequently adjourned until the following daj. , On Thursday the report otthe Committee' was bronght up, the general effect of which was, tbat in New Bnutb Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania the system if Church government, was based upon legislative enactment, whilst in South Australia and New Zealand it was base! on voluntary compact. In each of those ooloniea, however, the neoesity bad arisrn of applying to the Legislature for some enactment affecting the temporalities of the Mr. Justice Lutwyche proposed ' that in tbe opinion of this Conference, the Synod to be hereafter convened shall be founded on tbe basis of voluntary compact, and not on legislative enactment.' The notion was unani mously carried, after a debate in which several of the representatives took part It was then agreed that tbe Bishop he requested to convene a meeting ot tbe Srnod in April or Mr.y next, the basis of representation being Church membership, giving one member to each parish or district ; two members where tbe number of enrolled members was thirty, and three when the number of en rolled members was one hundred or more; in bo ease any parish or district to return more than three mem bers. It was also decided that rolls of Church members, constituted aa Burh by their written declarations ahooM be prepared for each district ; that the name* of person* willing to nerve as delegates to the Synod riwaU be made put lie smooth hetore tbe election, and it would be sufficient for properly qualified niters to send to tt* returning offloer by letter tbe names of those tbey desired to nominate, tbe election, if eontested, to go by show of hands, and a poU, if demanded, being by open voting. A committee was appointed, eossistingof tbe Bishop, tbe two Judges the ArcMeaoea and tbe lev. J. Bliss, for the purpose of reportjiw on a eunstltoUoa for the Chorea and ranking arrangement* for «nvetilii,' tbe Synod. The Conference then adjoarned. 