THE ADVENTURE OF MY AUNT. MyI aunt was a lady of large frame, strong mind and great resolution; she was what might be termed a very manly woman. My uncle was a thin, puny, little man, very meek and acquiescent, and no match for my aunt. It was observed that lhe dwindled and dwindled gradually away firom the day of his marriage. His wife's powerfid mind was too much for him; it wore him out. My aunt, however, took all possible care of him; had half the doctors in town tq prescribe for him miade him take all their prescriptions, and dosed him with physic enough to cure a whole hospital. All was in vain. My uncle grew worse and worse the more dosing and nursing lie underwent, until in the end he added another to the long' list of matrimonial victims who have been killed with kindness. My aunt took on mightily for the death of her poor dear husband. ?erlhaps she felt some compunction at having given him so much physic, and nursed him into his grave. At an rate, she did all that a widow could do to honour his memory. She spared no expense in either the quantity or quality of hlier mourning weeds; she wore a miniature of him about her neck as largo as a little sun dial; and she had a full-length portrait of hiniin always lhanginn' in her bed-chamber. All, the world oxtolold her conduct to the skies; and it was determined that a woman who behaved so well to the memory of one husband deserved soon to get anothgr. It was not long after this that she went to take up her residence in an old country-seat in Derbyshire, which ,had long been in the are 'of merely a stoward and housekeeper. She took most of her servants withll. her, intending to make it her principal abode. The house stood hi a lonoly, wild part of the country, among the grey Derbyshire hills, with a murderer hanging in chains on a bleak height in full view. The servants from town were half frightened out of their wits at the idea of living in such a dismal, pagan-looking place; ,especially when they got together in the servants' hall in the evening, and compared notes on all the hobgoblin stories they had picked up in the course of the day. They wore afraid to venture alone about the gloomy, black-looking chambers, The ladies' maid, who was troubled with nerves, declared she could never sloop alone in such a "gashly rummaging old building' ;" and the footman, who was a kind- hlloirted youlng fellow, did all in his power to cheer her lip. 1M\y un;t herself soemed to be struck with the lonely aplparance of' the house. Betilro she went to bed, however, she examined well the fastonings of the doors and windows; locked up the plato with helor own hands, and carried the keys, together with a little box of money and jeowels, to her own room ; for she was a notable woiman, and always saw to all things horself. lHaving put the keys under her pillow, and dismissod her maid, she sat by her toilet arnging hlier hair; ftbr being, in spite of liar grief frn' my uncle, rathier a buxom widow, she was somuewlht particular about liher person. She sat fier a little whilo looking' at her thee in the glass, first on one side, thei on the other, as Ildios iar apt to do when they would nscurtnin whether they have been in good looks; for aii roystering' country squire of the neighbourhood, with whom shio had flirted when a girl, had called that day to welcome lher to the country. All of a suddion she thought she heard something move behind her. She looked hastily round, but there was nothing to be soen-nothing but the gurimly- painted por truit of' her poor dear man, which had been hung against the wall. She gave a heavy siglh to his memory, as she was acciistomend to do whenever, she spoke of him in company, and then went on adjusting' her night-dress, and thinking of the squire. Her sigh was re-echoed, or answered by a long-drawn breath. She looked round again, hut no one was to be soon. She ascribed these sound1 to the wind oozing tfliroiugh the rat-holes of the old mansion, and proceeded leisurely to put her hair in papers, when, all at once, she thought she porceived one of' the eyes of the portrait nlove. So strange a circumstance, as you may well suppose, gave her a sudden shock. To assure herself of the filet, she put one hnnd to her forehead, as if rubbing it, peeped through her fingers, and moved the candle with tfie other hand. The light of the taper gleamed ontthe eye, and was reflected fi'om it. She was sure it moved. Nay, more; it seemed to give her a wink, as she had sometimes known iier husband to do when living ! It struck a momentary chill to her heart; for she was a lone woman, and felt horself fearfully situated. Thie chill was but :transient. My mnnt, who was a resolute person, became instantly canl and collected. She went on adjusting her dress. She ven. huinmed an air, and did not makeo a, single false, note.: She casually overtui'rned a dressing-box; took a candle, and: picked up the articles, one by one, from the -floor; pursued a rolling pincushion that was mnlaking the best of its way under- the bed; then opened tlhe door; looked for an instant into the corridori as if in doubt whether to go; and then walked quietly out. She hastened down 'stairs, ordered the servants to aim tlihniselves with the weapons that first came to hand, placed herself at their head, and returned almost immediately. H-er hastily-levied army presented a formidable force. The steward had a rusty blunderbuss, the coachman a loaded whip, the footman a pair of horse-pistols, the cook a hugo chopping-knife, and the butler a bottle in each hand. My aunt led the van with a red-hot -poker, and, in my opinion, she was the .most formidable of the party. The waiting-maid, who dreaded to stay alone in the servants' hall, brought up the rear, smelling to a broken bottle of volatile salts, and expressing liar terior of the ghosteses. "Ghosts !" said my aunt resolutely "I'll singe their whiskers for them I" They entered the chamber. All was still and undisturbed as when 'she had left it. They approached the portrait of my uncle. "Pull me down that picture! ' cried my aunt, A heavy groan, and a sound like the chattering of tooth, issued from the portrait. Thle servants shranki back; the maid uttered a faint shriek, and clung to the footman for support. "Instantly !" added my aunit, with a stamp of the foot. .The picture was pulled down, and, from a recess behind it, in which had formerly stood a clock, they hauled forth a round-shouldered, black- bearded varlet, with a knife as long as my arm, but trembling all over like an aspen-leaf, Ie-I was a knight of the post, who had been smitten with the worth of the wealthy widow ; or rather a marauding .Tarquin, who had stolen into her chamber to violate her purse, and rifle her strong box, when all the house should be asleep. In plain terms, the vagabond was a loose, idle follow of the neighbourhood, who had once been a servant in the house, and had been employed to assist in arranging it for the reception of its mistress. IHe con fessed that he had contrived this hiding-place for his nefitrious purposes, and had borrowed an eye from the .portrait by way of a recon noitrlng hole. My aunt, was a woman of spirit, and apt to take the law in her own hands. She had her own notions of oleanlinesp also. She ordered the fellow to be drawn through the horse-pond, to cleanse away all offences, and then to be well rubbed down with an oaken towel. My aunt gave her hand shortly after to the roystering squire; for she used to observe tlat it was a dismal thing for a woman to sleep alone in the country."--'ales of a T'raveller. 