C O LONI A L " 13 X T Ii A O T S . ( From the Vapors.') KIAMA.-MONDAY.-Mr». John Walker of Broughton Creek, whilo lifting something off the Uro was fright- fully burnt from heall to foot, her dress having caught. Some of her extremities wcro completely charred ; and Dr. Nowlan entertains but faint hopes of her recovery. SNAKE BITE, AND RESOLUTION or A nov.-A boy was braucht to Tinonee about tile middle of tho week, says iho Manning Uiver Neil's, to bo treated for a snake bite. No ono witnessed thc snake's attack, but thc little follow persisted in saying that he had boon bitten on tito index linger of thc left hand. "Without consulting any ono, the boy nt onco chopped efl' tho upper half of tho finger, and of course ho allowed it to bleed freely. When we saw him, four hours after this, there wore no bad symptons present, and wc are informed that tho next morning ha appeared to be quite ns well ns usual ; but of coursa tba child is maimed for lifo. Whether tho remarkable nerve and resolution which this boy displayed, prevented the absorption of tho Bunko's venom, and so saved his life, or whether ho was ever bitten at all, must of course now remain a matter of conjecture. Tim LATE FIUE IS GEOIKIR.STIIEET.-VEUIIICT OE AIISON.-The inquiry into tho destruction by fire of tho premises situnted in Ueorge-stroet, und lately occupied by Mr. Abraham Abrahams, was resumed and concluded on Tliursduy, bofore tho City Coroner. Boubou Woodburn, butcher, who resided next door to tho premises which have boon destroyed, stated that he was standing outside his shop on thu night of thc fire, from hnlf-pnst nino until ten; he did not seo Abrahams during that time, nor did ho notice any Rtrioko or tire about Abrahams' shop. Benjamin S, Mountcnstlc, hatter, said ho lind boen connected witli the hat business over fifty years ; from the list of Abraham's stock, made out by Mr. Morris, it would be impossible for him or any ono else to form nny idea as to the valuo of thc hats which Abrahams had in stock ; thc list contained some descriptions of hats whicli were not made-such as "Yankee, straw . under." Benjamin Braun produced a detailed list of nrticlcs supplied by him to Abrahams between February and September Oth. Cooilia Woodburn stated tnnat she resided witli her parents, next door to tho premises which lind been destroyed ; slio was standing nt tho shop door about nino o'clock on tho night of tho tire; she saw Abrnlinms leave his shop about nino o'clock, but did not nco him ngaiu that evening. Ann Woodham, wifo of Bonbon Woonham, stated that she did not sec Abrahams near his shop about half an' hour before tho tiro broke out ; shu was not aware that sha had told a constable that she did see Abrahams about half an hour previous to the discovery of the (Ire; sho did not recollect having said to n constable, whilo tho Uro was burning, " 1 expected this for some time past" ; sho saw Abrahams about nine o'clock on the night in question, but not after that hour. Mr. Solomons mid Mr. Roberta having briclly addressed tho jury, tho Coroner summed up some of tho main points of the evidence, tho jury, after deliberating for about nn hour mid a half, returned a verdict, tn thc effect that tho premises lately occupied by Abraham Abrnlinms had been wilfully and maliciously set on lire by somo person or persons unknown. TUB CHIEF JUSTICE ON- THE Anoi.moN OP DEATH PUNISHMENT.-At tho Wnggn Wagga Circuit Court upon tho conclusion of thc trial of tho aboriginal Jiliick Dob, for an nttcmpt nt rnpc, his Honor tho Chief Justice said that ho desired to stato it as his deliberate opinion that If tho punishment of death for rape were abolished, in loss than three years cases ot rapo and criminal assaults upon women would increase live-fold. From KnglisH statistics it had been shown that immediately nftor tho abolition of tho punishment of death for tlils crime, tho number .of cases had inaronsod three-fold, and tu this country whore defenceless women aro no often to ba found in solitary huts even worse results would assuredly follow upon tho repeal of tho existing lnw. lie had lived a long limo and had had great cxpoi lonco with criminals, und ho felt convinced that for tho prevention of crime sovcro punishments were necessary. MAOISTEIIIAI. FIIAOAS.-Wo havo a letter which dcscrlbos something Uko u ilsticutr betweon two I magistrates In nnntber portion of this oloetornte. It is stated that thc disagreement aroso from somo delay in registering a letter nt n post-ofllco, with which ono of tho partlos ls connected, mid that quito a scono followed ; but ns lt is also said that thu mnttor is likoly to bo brought before tho courts wo shall not enter Into particulars at present. It may, however, bc remarked Hint such occurrences aro hardly com- patible with thc dignity uf tho magisterial ulllcc Jfinmin? Hirer A'eir.i, THE INTÍUSTOIAL SCHOOL.-Botwecn eight and nine o'clock on Sunday evening, loud screams were heard in tile Industrial School, and soma anxiety was manifested hy thc general publio to know the cause of the screaming which, for a few minutes, was exceedingly loud and violent. Most of tho people who heard it fancied that the girls were either fighting nmongst themselves, or else that they were getting punished nt the instance of tho mntron. Neither suppositions were in tho remotest degreo correct. Wo have ascertained on undoubted authority, that tho solo causo of tho outcry was sheer devilment on tho part of somo eevon or eight of .tho girls wh ) wero located together in ono of the dor- mitories Directly Mrs. King heard tho screaming, sho hurriod to where it proceeded from, nnd inquired the cause. She was informed by the offenders that " There was a man or a ghost under ono of thc beds," and that they had screamed because they wore afraid. After giving the girls a sevoro rebuko for their unruly behaviour, and threatening them with much worse consequences if they did not remain quiet, Mrs. King left, and, wo need scarcely add, the " ghost " gave tho " young ladles " no further trouble. Considering tho class of chnrnctcra Mrs. King has to deal with, it surprises us how she manages to keep them so orderly and well-behaved as she does.-Newcastle Chronicle MF.LIIOUHNU.-Tho romains of tho child lost at Buninyong have been found in tho bush. Another child was lost near Mount Macedon.-There wns a honvy thunderstorm on Thursday morning.-It is rumoured that thu Rose of Australia has been drugged. Severnl bookmakers are implicated. ll.ilmahoy Campbell and Co. report MOO bend of cattle have been brought fownrd ¡ primo beef is worth 22a. per 100 lbs, ; 13,000 fat »heep were brought to market, fifty-four pound wethers arc worth 13s. A meeting in nid of tho su (Te roi» by Uro at St. Kitts has been held, nnd a committee formed.-The agri- cultural show at Ballarat was n grout success, Mr. Lennon, Melbourne, obtained the prizo for tho best plough. Mr. Roby's threshing machino was much admired.-It is rumoured that Sir Francis Murphy is likelv to retire front tho Speakership on n pension.-The Reception Commission hnvo shelved tho Victorian Musicnl Association's Concert in favour of tho Philharmonic.-A woman nnd child were found drowned nt St. Kilda, on Saturday, and were identified ns Mrs. Johnson and daughter, of Ballarat.-Mr. Hebden, ono of tho pioneers of thc colony, died of peritonitis.-Meissmor and Vorbengor, tobacco mer- chants, have been charged with smuggling, and re- manded till Wednesday next. YASS.-Two armed men stuck up Mr. Hilly, of Yass, near Bogolong, on Thursday, and took from him ¿4. Tiley afterwards stuck up Lahauo's station, nt Coppabella, robbing tho place of about £7, n revolver, and a «adele. Messrs. Julian, Bodkin, and several others were also stopped by the same men, and robbed of different Bums. THE NEW LIFEIIOAT.-Tho new lifeboat was tried for tho llrst time since hor arrival in Newcastle, on Wednesday, on which occasion «lie wns manned by a crew of twelve, and taken outside of Nobby'» for n considerable distanco. Captains Allan, Cross, and Wetherill, with Slr. C. F. Stokes, formed part of tho crew. Twenty-nino persons went in tho boat altogether, and one and all expressed themselves as highly pleased at her capabilities and sen going qualities. On thc following day tho boat was cap- sized under ono of the cranes for the purpose of seeing how quickly she would right nnd empty herself. Fach timo sho was turned over she righted instantly, nnd emptied herself of tho witter in twenty four seconds. Tho result of thc experiment wns con- sidered very satisfactory.-A'eircas/le C/ironiele. ADELAIDE.-Captain Douglass reports seeing two large water spouts in the Gulf on Friday morning. The Opera Company intend prolonging tho senson for another ten days ; tiley nro drawing largo housos. The Bush Fires Bill Introduced by Government has proved a failure, through three separate counts-out of tho Assembly. During tho discussion on the bill it was attempted to forbid tho use of all other matches except Bryant nnd May's safety.-Weather linc, with signs of a continuance.-Corn mnrkot unaltered. The Estimates are all passed, and it is thought Parliament will soon be dissolved.-The correspon- dence between tho Government nnd the northern territory proprietors nt home, is published ; the latter i demnnd that the purchase money shall bo immediately returned with interest.-Tho weather is cooler, with I signs of rain.-The corn market is quiet, owing to the absence of shipping; there have been small sales of whont nt ls. 10¿d, ; no quantity offering under fla. ; there have boen lnrgosnles of country Hour nt £11 to £11 10s.-The Sydney Marino Board has pnsscd by- laws, embodying stringent regulations, referring to tho landing and shipment of gunpowder nt Wallaroo. -The inspector of sheep's quarterly report is unfavourable.-Despntchcs from Cadell are not so favorable as regards the discovery of a sito for settle- ment as was rumoured. - Thc Railway Loan Bill passed thc second reading.-Com market llrm. Prices unuttered Star of Ghent chartered to take COO tons brcndstufl's for Loudon. 