TIIE GHOST AT BEEOIIOVER HALL. (From the Christma Number of Once a lire.) " 1 Jiavo no hesitation, Captain Arden, in asserting that yon are an infidel and a here tic." Miss Dampier preferred this grave chargo against me solely because I had ex pressed an utter disbelief in spiritual mani festations. The attack was randc iu the long drawing-room at Hcecliover Hull, where a large party were gathered round the old- fashioned firc-placo ; and never did the "jolly dogs/' which supported the blaziog wood, grin upon a plcnsmitor circle— at least, I thought so. My brothor officer, Jack Beres- ford, and mysolf were, I bcliovo, the only members of the party who could not claim ties of kindred with either Sir Harry or Lady Dampier ; and both of us were earnestly de sirous of enrolling our names amongst their connections, for Jack was as much in love with Laura as I was with Ethel Dampier. Ethel was the eldest by a year, though she was usually taken for the younger, her sis ter's stylo of beauty being of a statelier order and her manner more composed. Ethel was all life and animation, and bcr eyes spoko oven more than her lips. Her hair, of that peouliar shade called by our neighbours "brun condre," secmod a very burden to her, for great rolls wcro constantly slipping out at wrong places, and bringing blushes to her chcoks as she triod to push the rebels hack. Hor figure was perfect though small, and every movement had a nameless grace of its own. Laura was taller, and her presence more commanding; her hair and eyes, too, wcro darkor. By many sbo was thought tho handsomest; but sho wanted that provoking fascination, wliich Ethel possessed at least, I thought so; probably Jack was of a different optnioo. The "season" for both of us was unusually pleasant, and passed more quickly than over ; but tho regret that camo with its closo was mitigated by an invitation to Beech- over, Sir Harry's country place. Tho invi tation pleased us all tho moro because it seamed to indicato that Sir Harry did not / 'disapprove of our attoutions to his daughters, and that tho young ladies had no particular avorston to their admirers. In London, our intercourse bad not gone further than tho limits of flirtation, and neither of us felt euro that it would crcr ho permitted to out- stop those bounds. Tim was the state of affairs when wo found ourselves at Christmas under tho samo roof with tho objects of our nfifcctions. Shouts of lnughtor of course bailed Miss Datnpier's attack upon my in credulity. "Did you over see a ghost, Miss Dampior?" I roturtod. " I am thankful to Bay," she answered, " that I can believe with out socing; hut as you nro not gifted with tho same amount of faith, I only hope you may be convinced by ocular demonstration." " There is nothing I should liko better," I replied. "Lotus advertiso for a ghost; but perhaps Miss Dampier, you have one on the premises, which will save us (lie trouble." " Of course wo have. Did you ever iicar of a respectable family that had not? It is only your no bodies who arc ghostlcss." " I should have said that it was your no bodies who are ghosts." " For shuinc, Captuiu Ardon ! I did not think you would condescend to a pun, and such a ono !" " T will try and blush, if you will only toll us all about this family ghost. I hope it is a female, and young and protty, if I am to mako its acquaintance." " I shall not waste my breath upou an unbe liever; you would only laugh at me and ray story." "Give me the chance, Miss Dampier. Think what a triumph it would bo if you wcro to convert mo. I promise to do my best to believe. Indeed I will if I can. So, pray toll us all about your ghost." "Do tell us, Ethel," echoed a chorus of pretty cousins. Aftor a little moro pressing Miss Dampier complied with our request, and told her talo bo well, that I should only spoil it by attempt ing to repeat its words. It was the stereo typed ghost story. There were rustling silks hoard in tho corridors ; the wearer was deadly pilo, ami was dressed in a court costume (why is it that ghosts aro always dressed for Court?) Tho only tiling which gavo this ghost any individuality was, that though her silks woro often heard, sho was only soon on Christinas ovo, and that on those occasions sho carried a baby in her arms to the centre window in tho picture-gallery, and, after a succession of cries from the infant, returned without it. This evidently hinted at a mur der, and caused great oxcitomont amongst tho audience, which became intense when some ono remarked that tho following uight was that of tho annual infanticide. Miss Damplcr's talc was only tho first of a scries. Every ono has really a true history to relate of a ghost, seen , by a friend or a friend's friend, but, strange to eyo-witnesscs aro never forthcoming. They would have gone on all night, I believe, had not Lady Dampier at length tnado a move and carried off tho young ladies. Wo men Tomained behind, and a smoko in tho billiard- room drove the subject of our evening's con versation entirely from my mind. " Will you moot ma in half-an-hourin the picture-gallery?" said Mias Dampier, after breakfast next morn ing. " I have something very particular to tall: to you about. I will bring tho battle dores and shuttlecocks as an excuse for a tete- a-tete. I need not say how gladly I promised to meet Miss Dauipior ai the oppoiutcd hour and place. To bo taken into her coufidenoo upon a matter howovor slight was a Btcp in tho right direction ; thero was no knowing what might como of a private interview ; a word might fall, or a glanco be given, which might servo as a cluo to tho feelings of her heart. Tbo intervening half hour was spent in vain conjectures as to what could be tho purport of Miss Dampier's communication. At its expira tion, I made my way to the gullery, and whilo waiting for Miss Dampier had ample time to look around mo. Tho gallery was very long aud low, running the whole length of the bouso. It was lighted by fiftccu oriel bay- windows, upon which woro various coats of arms in coloured glass. The space between tho windows and the wholo of tho opposito wall, excopt where doors lod to the principnl bed rooms, was entirely concealed by family por traits, so closoly packed together that it was impossible to discover the colour of the wall. The chiof portion of the mansion bad been re furnished of late years, but the gallery evi dently bad not been touched since the day it was first fittod up — probably in the tiuio of Elizabeth, as tho ground plan of the house took tbo form of tho letter E, a eomplimcut often paid by architects to the Maiden Queen. Aftor making tho tour of the room, and en deavouring to trace a likeness to Ethel amongst hor ancestors, I turned into one of the bays and took a seat. "I know I am late, Captain Arden," said Miss Dampier, runuing up to my rcsting-placo with tho battledores in her hand, " but you must excuse me, as I could not effect my escape beforo from the drawing-room. Of course you are burning to know what I have to communicate. Talk of woman's curiosity— it isnothiugtoman's. Take a battledore, and I will let you into my secret. I have got a capital idea in my head, and I want you to help to carry it out. You remember, perhaps, that 'this is the ghost's night? Well, I mean to play the ghost I Won't it he fun to frighten them all out of their senses ? I only wish I did not require your protection, for I should havo enjoyed seeing you shaking with terror; but I really am afraid to come into the gallery by myself, and this night above all nights in tho year." I looked my thanks, but beforo I had time to express them in words, she con tinued — " I know I could havo asked one of tho girls to accompany me, but if there was any cause for alarm she would be sure to faint or run away. Now t think, Captain Arden, you would stay and protect me, wouldn't you ?" " i'roteot you, Eth— Miss Dampier, I mean ! I would protect you with my life — agniust nil comers, ghosts included !" " Don't bo rash 2 but listen to my plans. Up stairs there is on old wardrobe filled with costumes worn by our great grandmothers. I have tuken tho key off the housekeeper's bunch, and intend this after noon to abstract a dress of the stillest silk lean find; one that will rustic well. I think I re member a blue silk that will suit exactly. I shall powder my face, and look very ghastly, and when all have retired for tho night I will joiu you hero. Is it not a glorious idea? Every ono will bo on the 'qui vivo' to-night, and the first rustle of tny .silk will he sure to bo beard." I agreed that tho idea was capital, and laughed with her at the thought of the terror which lier ghost-like appearance would inspire, my conscieneo all the while telling me that I was wrong to encourage a practical joke, which might be followed by bad effects. But how could I givo up the sweet pleasure of pleasing Ethel, and of sharing a secret with her? " But you havo forgotten tho baby," I suggested. " No, indeed, I have not," she re plied. "Thero is a young puppy," iu the stables, which I shall carry to my room; an old doll's dress and cap will convert it into a Crfit-rato infant; and a judicious pinch, ad ministered at tho right moment, will extract a cry not unliko a baby's. Everyone will be too frightened to bo critical." Business concluded, wo commenced our gaiuo. For showing off a woman's gracefulness there is nothing like a battledore and shuttlecock. I had never known half Ethel's beauty till I saw her, with arm extended and cheek flushed, springing now hero, now there, in tho excitement of tho game, every curve seeming doubly graceful, every movement doubly fascinating. Fatigued at last, after keeping up the shuttlecock some in- crcdiblo number of times, she sank upon a neighbouring sofa, panting and out of breath. The enemy is exhausted, thought T; now is the tiino to go in and win. And, taking a seat by her side, I ventured a preliminary re mark of rather a romantic character; but be fore I bad time to make any further advaoces, Ethel had taken fright, and was on hor feet again, "I don't think you have been intro duced to my ancestors, have you, Captain Arden ?" she asked at once. "As a military man you might, perhaps, liko to becomo ac quainted with some of the fighting Dampicrs. This suit of armour belonging to ono Roger de Dampier; it is deutcd with arrows shot at Agincourt. Can't you stand straight, Mr. Bogcr, ono would thiuk your knees were shak ing with fear of the French. This dandy, with long hanging sleeves, and poiutcd shoes, like elongated beetroots, is not the sort of man you would think likely to stick to a losing cause ; and yet he followed Margaret of Anjou till he fell at Tewkesbury. There is tlioir son, who fled over seas, and returned with Kichmoud to die on Bosworth Field. Hero is good Queen Bess herself. You cannot mistake her red hair and starched rulf. The old lady passed a night at Bceehovcr on ono of her pleasure inps. jiiis is ner Host, Mr .Jasper Datnpier. Ilis bill for a night's board and lodging was paid with a baronetcy. Well, I havo known higher titles given for less. At all evcuts, thero is nothing to be ashamed of in the way we gained our red hand. This is evidently a Dundreary of the period. What a lovely dress! grey satin and cherry colour. This is supposed to he the' ghost, but no one knows who she is. I shall ncvor ho ablo to dress my hair with those cork-screw curls, unless I cut it, which I have no intention of doing; in all other respects my make up will bo perfect. This grey young man, with long ombroidcred waistcoat, and stockings with gold elocks, was ono of Marlboro's colonels. And now I think you have had enough of mo and my ancestors, so ' au rcvoir," and before I had time to utter a word tho provoking beauty was half- way down the gallery. By "half-past 12 tho house was still, and at a quarter to 1, having put on n pair of noiseless slippers, I mudc my way to the picture-gallery. There was no need of a candle to find the way, for tho moon was shining brightly ; in the gallery it was almost as light as day. The clock struck one, and Ethel had not arrived. I began to think she had taken fright at meeting the lady in blue. I seated myself in tho window, where I had promised to wait her arrival, and wiled away tho minutes in looking at the wiutry landscape. "Asleep, and on duty, Captain Ardon ? I must report you to your colonel; but I suppose it is my fault for keep ing you waiting iu the cold. Am not I a first- rate ghost? I was quite terrified at looking at myself in tho glass. I really believe I should frighten the ghost herself." There was a tremor in lier voice wliich betrayed agi tation. I saw that sho shivered slightly as sho scated'horsclf in tho hay window, all the ani mation which had glistened in her eye in tho morning at tho prospect of her midnight walk had vanished, and the smile with which she asked what I thought of her " got up" was only a counterfeit. Wo talked in whispers for a fow minutes, for Ethel seemed to wish to have an cxcuso for not starting ou her expedition immediately, I had no desiro to hurry her, forgetting altogether the object of our meeting, in the happiness of gaziug into hor eyes, and feeling her breath upon my chock. A sudden impulso caused me to look dowo the gallery — why, I cannot tell, unless some sound almost innudihlo may havo reached my ear. To my amazement I thought I sawn figure at tho farthest end of tho room — whether man or woman I could not tell— I only saw that something moved. It approached very slowly, and at last came full into the moon light — it wns a woman! though a long way off, I could sco that sho was dressed liko Ethel, in an ancient costume, and I could sec that she carried something in her arms — somctbiug white. It wns the real ghost and her infant ! There could he no doubt of it. Icouldsco her now more distinctly, for sho had advsnccd as far as the second window. This wns a lloland for an Oliver with a vengoauco ! I did not feel nervous, hut awe- struck. I believed at once in spiritual manifestations. On it came, gliding slowly with an almost imperceptible motion, pausing constantly aud looking back; it had reached tho fifth window, tho rustling of the silk was growing quite audible. I wondercl that Ethel did not catch tho sound ; what was I to do ? Was I to tell her? Sho must hear tho sound before long. My brain was in a whirl. I had heard of tho terrible effects of suddon frights— of pcoplo turning grey in a single night; nay, even of becoming raving mad. God kuows I "Would bavc died to save my darling from sucb a fate ; I was helpless, powerless ; I felt like one in a night mare — the danger was approaching, but I was spellbound ; liko the poor rabbit, I was fasci nated though the serpent's fangs were close upon me. The ghost was now at tho soventb window, it stood still for a second, and then disappeared in the hay. Thank heaven ! now I might bo alio to persuade Ethel to leave the gallery; but how to do it was tho question. I wns just going to take her up in my arras and rush with her from tho gallery, when tho ghost emerged again and stood full in tho moonshine. Too late ! Too late ! Site had now reached tho eighth window; she stopped again aud disappeared in tho recess. There are fifteen windows, thought I, then the eighth must ho the centre; we shall hear the baby's cry in a minute; Ethel must hear that I was distracted — in despair. Tho ghost was again in tho mooulight, sho had put off the murder for a time ; tho rustling became more distinct. I was in agony, half maddened, my face must havo betrayed my emotion, for Ethel jumped from her scat; " What is tho matter, Harry ?" sho cried ; " aro you ill ? your face is so strange." It wns too late — I could not save her ! Slic pushed past mo, and stood face to face with the ghost, who was now only four windows distant. Utteriog a piercing Bhrick, she cried — " Harry ! — dear Ilarry, save me 1" nnd fell fainting into my arms. " Help 1 hidp!" I called; hut leforo tho words were past my lips, another cry rang through the gallery. Was it the echo? So! it was in a different key to Ethel's. I looked up, and saw tho ghost upon the floor, fainting, too ! In a second more Jack's strong arms were support ing the inanimate form. Ho, liko myself, had been concealed in one of tho hay windows. My eyes woro opened; my disbelief in ghosts returned stronger than ever. Tho ghost was not a ghost after all, but flesh and blood. The ghost was Laura Dampier ; and now tbo rival ghosts were fainting each with terror at tho other — caelrJully believing that tho other was the Lady in Blue, who haunted tho picture gallery. The two successive shrieks had more effect than tho rustling of rival silks. Bolts begun to uubolt, locks to unlock, and doors to open, displaying startled faces. Eyes scarcely open from their first sleep peered into the gallery, and drowsy voices asked what was the matter? Women's cries, muffled by the bed clothes, sounded from some chambers; "Tho ghost ! — .the ghost !" echoed wildly from others. "Water," I cried. "Salts," called Jack. We arc now the centre of a crowd, carry ing bed-room candles, who had plucked up courage to leave their rooms. Salts and sal- volatile pour in on nil sides. Volunteers to rub the young ladies' hands, and plenty moro to suggest impracticable remedies, soon did their work. " Where am I ?" whispered Laura, whilst the deep sigh heralded Ethel's return to cousciousncss. They looked round inquiringly, and both seemed bewildered at the circle of faces wliich hemmed them in. At last tho oyes of the sisters met! — For an instant they scanned each other curiously, and then a look of relief appeared on both counte nances. "Wore you the ghost?" they cried. simultaneously, and a feeble laugh from each proclaimed that they were satisfied. Tlio laugh was contagious and became general. It would be impossible to discribc the deshabilles that appeared in tho gallery that night. There wcro wraps of nil sorts, shawls of all colours, cloaks of all shapes, nightcaps of all patterns, forming a ' tout ensemble' truly grotesque. We four, who felt ourselves to be properly equipped at all points, could afford to laugh at the ridiculous figures cut by our friends— and we did luuph ; but their was ono mouth that did not relax even into a smile. " Don't ho angry, dear papa," pleaded Ethel, " wo have been foolish, very foolish, but we have been punished enough for our folly. It appears that tho same idea struck Laura nnd myself; wo both thought it would he fun to play the ghost, and frighten you all out of your senses. The tables havo been turned ; instead of terrifying you, we htivo half killed each other with fright. I wns afraid that I might meet tho real gliost, and accordingly I asked Captain Arden to he present. I suppose Laura invited Captain Bcrcsford for tho samo reason. There, papa, you havo the whole truth ; but really, if you wish me to prcscrvo my gravity you must put your nightcap straight; it docs givo you such a comical look." Sir Harry did not join in Ethel's laugh, on' the contrary, ho looked very glum ; but at this stago of tho proceedings au event ocourred providontally which restored him to good humour. Ethel's baby, who had been sleep ing soundly, suddenly awoke and qnietly walked off — barking violently ; the noise aroused Laura's infant, who sprang off her lap, and mcwiug piteously, hurried away as fast as her robes would permit. This was too much even for Sir Harry — ho joined in the universal shout of laughter, and afterwards kissed and forgavo his daughters. Whether Jack had the same reason as I hail for thanking tho catastrophe in the picturo gallery I cannot say. I only know that before tho next season ar rived Laura and Ethel Dampier wcro tho wives of Jack Bcrcsford and Harry Ardou. 