COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents.] BLACKFELLOWS' CREEK, DEC. 23. We have had a very destructive bush fire for the last three or four days, which has de- <*> stroyed, I believe, thousands of pounds worth of trass, wheat, and fencing, as well as several houses, in the vicinity of Finniss Flat and Kails Creek. Mr. George Dunn, of McHarg's Creek, had a. vecy narrow escape, as the fire came right up to his fence.—l have been examining several fields «£ wheat in this neighborhood, and send you a sample of the best I could find. The only bit at all like wheat w a piece of about three acres belonging to Mr. Rattew. It is? bearded wheat of very strong thick straw, and bas completely beat the rust. He has a large piece of Frampton's wheat which ia completely gone; but where there is a single head of this bearded wheit axuongst it it is as good as any I ever saw. I think it is T'iscaa, but the only n.im-? he has got for it is the beardy wheat. I should think the crops I have looked at would average about a bushel and a half to the acre. BLANCHETOWN, December 24. Since my last, we have had the top of the flood, and now the river is slowly fating, having gone down about a foot. We have had about a foot more wafer than the flio.l four years bick ; the floor of the iron store this time being nearly three feet under water; the road from this to the corner is now completed as far as at present practicable, and does great credit to every one concerned in ite consixuctioii. It is difficult even to surmise when the remaining portion (about three miles) will be proceeded with, as I helieve there is a hitch between buyer and seller as to the price of the land it is to pass through. It is to be hoped, however, this bitch will be of short duration, even should a high price have to be paid for this three miles of road. I think our worthy Commissioner of Public Wo:ks, on its completion, will have every reason to con-jraUila'e himself and the country, on having constructed a road which, for cheapness ani usefulness, will be second to none in the colony; the length of road being up wards of 50 miles, and the cost as yet only £400. It will be a great pity if the present opportunity' is lost for surveying this three miles, as the river is now at its maximum flood height, and every natural facility offering for fixing the most eligible line. A survey, now that the line shows at its worst, might be the saving of hun dreds of pounds in construction. Tliis is really a matter that should not be lost sight of, and one deserving of immediate attention. I believe when this road is completed private enterprise will be prepared to furnish punts at this and the Overland Corner, that is providing Govern ment refuse constructing them. I believe there are parties now movirsg in the matter.—L-st Wednesday and Thursday were the hottest d^ys of the season ; in fact, they were regular brick fielders. Towards evening 1-irgs fir^s were ob servable on the flats towards the ranges, but happily they did not head this way. I hear most unfortunate losses have beta sustained by many, and that Mr. Brooks has been entirely burnt oat However, you will doubtless have full particulars through other channels.—The Blacks are still here, and appear to be doing a brisk trade in fi h and fowl. Old King Tanar namby is a little improved in health.—The examination of o'.ir school children is to ta.ke place on Friday next, when it is anticipated there will be a good attendance of juveniles, who, it is to be hoped, will thoroughly enjoy their Christmas treat. —Business, except for ocal wants, nil, with little or no prospects of mprovement.—Weather fin?. CLARE, December 21. On Thursday last, one of the largest bush fires that has ever been known in the North, took place on the Buagaree and Bundaleer runs. A strong north wind was blowing, and at one time it was feared that it would get into some of the standing crops at Stanley Flat, but towards the evening the wind changed round, which was the means of saving some of the best wheat crops in. the district of Clare. In the middle of the day, and up till 5 p.m., it was almost impossible to face the wind—it was like the blast from a large furnace. The country for miles, as far as the eye can reach, is nothing but a black dreary waste. Some hundreds of miles of country have been burnt. Mr. Emery, of Hill River, managed, with his men, to keep the fire from crossing the Hutt River, or most likely, there being so much grass, the Hill River Run must have shared the same fate as the rest. I understand that nearly the whole of the Bungaree Run is burnt, and that great fears were entertained for the woolshed and station, but fortunately it was saved. Bundaleer is partly burnt, and Mr. Peter McNeil, overseer at the Springs Station, was burnt to death, and when found all his clothes were consumed, and the body literally roasted. It is supposed that he must have been exhausted with fatigue, and had laid down in the long grass, which was very thick and high before the fire. An inquest was held on Friday, and the body was brought into Clare to-day (Saturday), and in- terred at the Scotch Church Burying Ground. A great number of sheep are supposed to be burnt, but what number it is impossible at present to telL Fresh accounts still come in of fires at Pekina, and other places, but to what extent it is, I cannot at present state. The same day a fire broke out in the hills between Sevenbills and the Stockyard Hill leading to Jacob's Plain. It is supposed to have originated in some sections belonging to Mr. J. Chapman. It rapidly spread, and at one time seemed to threaten the destruction of all the farms in that neighborhood. I paid a visit to the scene of the fire to-day, and a great many logs are still burning, and dose to standing crops of wheat. It seems a wonder to me that some of the settlers in the neighborhood do not see the necessity of at once putting them out. I also observed that a log-bridge on one of the district roads was on fire. There is not such a large quantity of wheat burnt as I was at first led to believe. I should think 100 acres would be the outside ; but what makes it worse is that those that have suffered are all small farmers just making a start. I think, from what I can see, McMahon has the largest quantity of wheat burnt, having only an acre or two left. R. Harmon had his hay stack burnt, besides wheat. W. Jones had a quantity of wheat burnt, and part of bis garden, some of the fruit on the trees being roasted, and the trees appear to be killed. A great many vines are also burnt, besides most of the fencing. A. Brady had some wheat burnt, also his furniture, which he moved out of his house into the standing crop for safety. Several others had their grass paddocks burnt, together with the fences, and the country has a very desolate appearance. FINNISS POINT, December 24. This place has been the scene of a Urge fire to-day, it broke out about 11 o'clock a.m. in the north-west corner of >Ir. Jas. Shearer's, sen., grass paddock, and burnt about 100 acres of grass ; from this it spread in a south-easterly direction destroying about 80 acres of Mr. Turpay's wheat; 130acres of Mr. Shearer's, •en., wheat; 103 acres of Jas. Shearer's, Jan., wheat, and a good <leal of fencing-posts; Mr. Megaw 30 acres ; Mr. Lewis, jun., 80 acres and some grass; Mr. R. Clarke from 60 to 80 acres of wheat. It reached in length about 2i miles, from where it started it has burnt some real good wh"at, but some that it passed through was hardly worth reaping. Had it not been for a very large muster of men there is no telling where the fire would have rea hed. No doubt there will be an inquest; if so, I will endeavor to send you an account in due time.—Some crops are turning out very well ; indeed, all are better than, they were expected, that is, those that ate worth reaping at all—of which there are a good many. On every farm there is, however, some not worth gathering in.—Las* night there was a Band of. Hope meeting in the Wesleyan Chapel here, but it was not very successful, on account of the scarcity of speakers, and also the very email audience; owing, no doubt, to the busy times. FINNISS VAIiE, Decenlbbb 25. The breaking up for the Christmas holidays a* Mr. CaQow's School took place on Friday, 20th instant. The scholars (98 in number) assembled at the schoolroom at 2 o'clock, and, after singing a choice selection of music, they were liberally regaled with tea and cake to their hearts' content. Subsequently the patents and friends enjoyed a social cup of tea together. Several very creditable samples of needlework were exhibited, which gave general satisfaction. Various games were participated in very heartily by the children, until "the shades of night were falling fast," when they dispersed. GAWLER, Dkcembeb. 26. The Christmas examination of the St. George's Schools took p'ace on Tuesday, 17th instant.. The examiners were the Rev. J. Gordon, Her. C. J. Evans, Messrs. Burkit, T. O. Jones, Wright, fcc The boys showed a steady advancement under Mr. Burton, wh? has so long maintained the character of his school. Their answers in the various branches were very satisfactory. The girls also, under the tuition of Miss Philipson, showed some good work in sewing and other branches to the satisfaction of tile lady examiners. After tile examination several of the parents of the scholars, and gen'lemen of the tuwn, met at Mr. Burton's residence, and partook of an j excellent spread, and afterwards <'rank to the health of Mr. Burton, the master of St. George's School. Expressions of satisfaction with Mr. Barton's ti?«i*'ng were given by many present. Other toasts were given and responded to, and after an hour or two's enjoyment the party broke up. OnSunday, Decembers, services wereheld in Jn St. George's Church on behalf of the Sunday school, in connection therewith. ■ The Rev. Canon Farr, of St. Peter's, preached an ex cellent sermon in the morni'g, and the Rev. J. J. Smyth, of Kapunda, is the evening. The congregations were very good, and collections also. On Monday a pebfic tea meeting was held in St George's School-room, and a great deal of most excellent provisions was provided by the ladies of the congregation. Considering the fansy time of the year a goodly number were present, and thoroughly enjoyed themselves. In the evening a lecture apd en- Urtainment was givpn in: St Gew£eV School' FBord, the Rev. 'Canon Coombs in the chair. 1 The Rev. Canon Russell .gave his lecture on " Ghosts." The Secretary, Mr. Win. Hanson, gave a short report of the school, from which we gather there are 224 children on ths books, and 22 teachers, whose attendance is generally pretty regular. There is a library of over 600 volumes. The behaviour of the children is good. Addresses were given by Mr. T. O. Jones, Superintendent, and Mr. E. Dixoa. Mr. Rus sell's lecture was listened to with great atten tion, and the lecturer was accorded a vote of thanks. The choir sang some of the nicest music we have heard in Gaoler, and really there are some very fine voices among them. Totes of thanks to the ladies, choir, and chair man closed the meeting. There was a large number present, the proceeds amounting to about £25. Christmas Day had the advantage this year of very fine weather, and a great number of people t.xjk advantage of it, and went excursioning. Others went to various places of worship. Tiie day was entirely set apart ftvm labor, and but for the depression existiiig at present, tlie enjoymsntwould have been greater. KAPUNDA, December 23. T e annual examination of AUandale School took place to-day in tin- presence of most ?I the parents of the children aad of a number of resi dents in the district. The children were thoroughly examined in all the rudiments of a so and English education, in which they acqr.it < ed themselves in a manner highly creditable to their instructor, Mr. Styles, and to the perfect satisfaction of all present. A number of first cL>ss prizes were awarded to various pupSs, as follows: — First prize, general class — Eliza Kelly, for rapid progress made in reading, : writing, grammar, and geography. Boys—First prize writing, Alfred Peterson ; girls — first prize writing, Fanny Kelley. First prize arith metic, John Besly ; first prize geography, Emily Sampson ; first prize grammar, Louisa Kelley ; , second prize writing, Maria Cole. A number of ' other prizes, for good conduct and as an encnu- i rigement to the pupils, were also awarded by the schoolmaster, Mr. Styles, who has only been at j the school about 10 months, but by his kind manner and improvement of the children has greatly increased, the number of scholars, and made himself a favorite in the j neighborhood — bath with the children and their parents.—l am sorry to have to record the melancholy death by drowning of a townsman, named AVilliam Sevan, a Welsh man. He was bathing in the light near btock port, and was suddenly seized with, what ap peared, a severe cramp, or something of the kind that deprived him of all his strength, and he sank. Several persons dived after him but he was quite dead, to all appearance, when they first touched him. It happened about 9 o'clock on Sun-lay morning. His body was recovered about 8 o'clock the same evening, and an inquest was held today. The Jury re turned a verdict of accidental death by drowning. The deceased leaves a wife and large family almost unprovided for. He was working on Messrs. Fry Brothers' contract.—There was a destructive fire on Anlaby Bon last Thursday an.l Friday, which burnt about 15 or 20 square miles of grass, and i« still burning in the Murray Scrub. An inquest was held to-day, at near Anlaby, which resulted in a verdict that there was not sufficient evidence to show in what manner the fire occurred.—The props r.'Und here ate not so deplorable as a whole, though there is sad havoc in many of the large paddock*, particularly wh?re they were so pro mising at the commencement of the season, but nil detperondum. KANMANTOO, December 19. On. last Sunday week a fire broke out on the Preamimma Flat, and continued till the fol lowing Monday, when about 50 men were en gaged putting it out, and arrested its progress, or great harm mi^ht have resulted. It was supposed it was caused by a person who was travelling with cattle, and camped in that neighborhood on Sunday. To-day a Jury was summoned near the spot to enquire into tbe origin of the fire, and a verdict was brought in to the effect that the fire originated irom causes unknown. It was considered 1 that it could not have staxtei from the camp fire, as it appeared ta have com menced at a considerable distance from the place. -This day has been intensely hot; hot winds hive been blowing fearfully; in fact, I should think there has not been a more oppres sive day for years.—A fearful fire has been raging a short distance from the one previously mentioned, and no doubt will destroy a large quantity of grass, and much endanger the crops cf wheat, but it is to be hoped it will be at tended to, so as to prevent iny farther injury. —One of our old residents, Mr. Dnger, District Council'or for the ward, has suddenly disap peared, giving up his business as butcher with out giving any notice, so that his customers havo had to get meat from wherever they could, and those to whom he had been a customer have been left to make the best of a bad job. Some say, in a playful manner, that perhaps he has gone to see the Prince, as he has always bsen a public-spirited man.—l am unable as yet to give furrier re iable information relative to the yield of wheat, as appearances are some times so deceptive, but I should imagine the average yield in this neighborhood will be from Bto It) bushels per acre. Severe colds hare been very prevalent, and the sickness among children has proved fatal in two or three instances. MO )NTA, Decembeb 20. On Tuesday evening Mr. Crosby, of Wallaroo, attended at the Assembly-room of the Prince of Wales Hotel, according to previous announcement, to give his lecture on English History. A large crowd of the most rowdy of the town got into the room, and throughout the whole time Mr. Crosby was trying to lecture they kept up a most dreadful hubbub. In fact it w-s die rowdiest affair witnessed at Moonta for years.— Yesterday and the day before the weather was scorching bot. The wind might well be campared to a blast from a fnrnice. It was really almost enough to set fire to anything— and sure fnongh several fires occurred. A very extensive bush fires was visible to the eastward, which must have destroyed a considerable quantity of wood and grass. A fire also occured in Mr. Martin's yard at the rear of his store, amongst a quantity of empty cases and other rubbish. Fortunately timely assistance was rendered, and the fire got under before any damage was done. Another fire broke out at Moonta Mine. Captain Barida's wood heap ignited by some means, supposed to be by lucifers being left on the ground, and which must have ignited by the heat of the weather. No injury resulted from the fire other than to the wood heap.—The work at the tramway is processing favorably. The branch line will soon be completed. MOUNT DECEPTION, December 14. On the 13th instant an inquest was held before Mr. EL C. Swan, S.M., at Mount Deception, on the body of a shepherd named Alexander McKenzie, who was drowned in the Aroona Waterhde'on the 9th instant The following evidence was tek-.n :—T. C. Hantke, overseer, identified the body. Deceased had been for about four months in the Mount Deception employ. Was a quiet man ; never knew him to have a quarrel with any one on the station. John Brown, laborer, stated that hi was sent with the deceased on Monday, the 9th insta-st. to show him the waterbole. When the sheep had watered deceased proposed to have a swim. Witness, who could swim a little, went in first, and showed the depth to deceasel, who then went in to a depth of about three feet and commenced washing. Witness soon after beard a shriek and saw deceased sinking. Swam to his assistance, but he struggled so much that witness was unable to render any assistance, and went on the bask to get something to throw out for M?n to cling to, but before he conld do so deceased had sunk. The wate'hele was about nine feet deep. The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death by Drowning." PORT AUGUSTA. Wednesday and Thursday, 18th and 19th, were oppressively hot days—the most trying we have had this season, and, to add to tbe discom- fort of a northerly wind, the effluvia, from the boiling-down refuse is beginning to be severely felt over the whole township of Port Augusta. —On Thursday a public examination of Mr. Robert Brown's licensed teacher's school took place in the Mechanics' Institute. The day was very hot and dusty, and attendance of public and visitors very small. The Rev. W. Richards and Mr. H. Mildred were the examiners for the occasion, and expressed themselves pleased with the ability of the scholars generally, which reflects great credit on the zealous perseverance under many difficulties of their present master, Mr. Brown. Mr. Mildred addressed a few words to the scholars, and intimated that if present as their examiner next year he would give to some of them more substantial proofs of his approbation according to their merits, mean- while they were to persevere. After the exami- nation the Port Augusta Sabbath-school, in procession, followed to the cemetery the remains of a scholar who had been suddenly taken from their midst by croup, after the short period of 44 hours from the first appearance of illness. -- The weather changed about 9 p.m. on Thursday, and we are now enjoying a cool southerly breeze. PORT LINCOLN, December 21. On Tuesday, the 17th instant, between 10 and 11 o'clock a.m., a large fire was observed in the direction of Clifton. The day was fearfully hot; the thermometer over 100 in the shade. The fire spread with amazing rapidity; the wind Mowing west by north, carried it at a tremen dous pace along the brash fences into the numerous little farms, with standing crops ad joining. The destruction, however, has not been near se much as might have been expected, owing in the first place to the direction of the wind; and next to the efforts made to subdue the fire by the farmers and their neighbors, and others attracted to the spot On the following day, the 18th, an in quest was held, but nothing elicited showing how the fire originated. The jurors on the at?v?fire had just re tamed to Port Lincoln, | wheri another fire broke out within a mile of j the township. The wind was very high, and the heat intense. The fire spread with fear- J fill rapidity, running from sonih to north as far as Curtin Point. It was cn!y by the j persevering efforts of sonic 40 or 50 men fiat i many of the cottages at the outskirts of the j township were saved. In spite, however, of every effort—under a broiling son, with the thermometer 143 ? in the sun —it was feared : that the housa occupied by Mr. Thirteli; was in danger, as a haystack was clo3e by. Another" fire was lighted betwixt i the one threatening destruction to all around, and the hivstacK, aad so far the effort to save it appeared successful. The wind, however, shitted two «r three points to the south, with j increased violence, increasing the danger to i the house and haystack. Attention was now ! turned to getting Mr. Thirkell's furniture out, aad a great number of men set to work and got the things outside, about 100 yards away from the house. Before a quarter of an hour, bow ever, it became evident that the scrub in front : of the house, where the furniture was de posited would soon be on fire also, and efforts weie made at once to convey the things on to tUe lieach. Asadlen gust of wind earned the flames on to the house, trassing the liny stack a:;d stable iiltogether ; igniting the ruljbish collected in the guttering wircli communicated with the shingles under the galvanized iron, j which cere just like matchwood. In a quarter of an hour the house was completely gutted. This is the second fire which has overtaken Mr. Thirkell within 12 months. The hou6e, which J is not insure J, is the property of Mr. Uobinson, and was lately repaired and improved to the extent of :>boat £300, spccidly for Mr. i Tiiirkel!, whose furniture, however, was '. insured some short time ago.— The rust in the wheat is very bad in this district; ; but it is cot universal, some crops being all but free from it Nearly in every instance j the rust prevails only where the crop was early sown.—This district is much in want of a { msdical man. A memorial was sent up last | mail to the Chief Secretary, asking that one he j sent as early as possible. Dr. Hammond very fciudiy does all he can, and more than w« have any right to expect him to do. The work is not only too much for him. but it is not to be ex pected that he can attend both to Poonindie I and Port Lincoln. The district is a good one { for a medical man. SANDEfiGROVE, December 20. Terrific fires were raging in every direction on Wednesday and yesterday. If energetic mea sures had been resorted to on Wednesday most likely the progress of the devouring element would have been stayed, and a great destruction of property avoided. The wind blew so fear fully hot and strong yesterday, that it seemed an almost hopeless task to attempt to keep the fire back. I thiuk nearly all from Sandergrove who were able to assist rendered most valuable aid; had it Bot been for their strenuous aid untiring exertions in keeping the fire from crossing the Giles's Hat-road, Sandergrove, and miles of country adjacent must inevitably have been destroyed. The fearful wind caused the long dry grass, brush fences, and dead timber to bum with alarming fierceness and rapidity. The flames first b oke out at the bottom of Bull's Creek, but the people in that neighborhood took very little notice of it at first, and their carelessness has resulted in a great loss of property. As many as five horses have bacn burnt I balieve, and a great quantity of farming implements, fencing, crops, ana grass. The origin of the fire is not precisely known. Although there is not much danger of further mischief, the fire is still burning, and will be for some days. SOUTH RHINE, December 19. About 12 o'clock to-day a fire broke out by or in Mr. Bowden's paddock, near to some oats which had been reaped, and travelled into Mr. Miller's grass paddock and on to his homestead, consuming house, barn, stables, harness, stacks of hay, pigs, &c.;, then passing on, was stopped by some fallow land, or a great part of the dis trict would have been a prey to the flames. Great exertions were required to keep the fire froin the school, situated on a portion of Mr. Miller's land, and from his wheat, the brush fence being all consumed. During the night the wind blew in heavy squalls, rendering the smouldering fire very dangerous. Mr. Bowden's crop was nearly all consumed, a few patches only being left, sufficient, perhaps, for seed and flour for the coming season. Other fires were visible. It seemed as if fires were all round us. No inquest was held, the Mount Pleasant police being in Adelaide. —The reaping machines have started about here, but the account of the yield is very disheartening. STRATHAIiBYN, December 24. The weather has set in very warm, and machine reaping is n->w become general. In several instances the yield is turning out rather better than was anticipated, but in the majority of cases the sample proves to be very inferior. The average yield, I think, will be about eight bushels to the acre, or thereabouts. —On Mon day a Court in connection with the Ancient Order of Foresters was opened with due cere mony at the Masonic HalL After the proceed ings were finished, the newly-elocted members aat down to a sumptuous repast, served up by Host T<ew. in his well-known style.—With re gard to the bush fire that occured in this neighborhood on.' Thursday last, I have been unable to ascertain (he full particulars. An in quest was held the following day, from which it appeared that the fire originated at the lower end of Bail's Creek, bat there was sot sufficient evidence to show bow. Several families were rendered houseless, besides a large acreage of wheat, &c; , and miles of fencing being destroyed Christmas Day (to-day) has bean, so far as <he weather is concerned, delightful Private parties aad family reunions have been general, and many of the inhabitants have been enjoying themselves at a tea, meeting at Sandezgrove on the occasion of opening a new Wesleyan chapeL TRUBO, December 23. We have acquired farther information since my last of the damage done by fire on Wednes day and Thursday, the 15th and 16th. It is supposed the fire orig'aated on Mr. Dutton's run, and it is a pity the matter should not be thoroughly sifted, as almost every return of this season disastrous fires take place from that quarter. Nearly 5,000 acres of good sheep pasture have been burnt belonging to Mr. D. Shannon. All the smaller shfeepfarsners in the neighborhood, and Messrs. Brooks Brothers, Mr. Bice, Mclntyre, D. Campbell—Almost all— have had their wheat burnt, and what makes the matter worse they all had a splendid sample. Mr. Bice lost all his wheat, and to save his dwelling set fire to his wheat paddock. About Levi's Waterholes the grass is burnt. Men, to my knowledge hardworking for thelast twelve years, are now as poor and as badly off as they were when they commenced farming.- -A supper was given to Mr. Heath, junior, at the Crown Hotel on Friday evening, December 20, by the tradesmen of Truro, as he has won to himself golden opinions by finishing the Police Station. A pleasant evening was spent is a feast of reason and a flow of souL TWO WELLS, Decembeb 24. A meeting of the fanners of the Fort Crawler District, to consider (he question of Govern ment assistance to farmers who had lost their crops by the red rust, was held; according to ad vertisement, at Host Cowan's, Two Wells Inn, in the large room, which was well filled. Mr. H. Warren, Chairman of the District Council, presided. The district was well represented from all parts of it, and persons from other districts showed the interest that was felt in subject that had brought them together. The Chairman, in opening the meeting, said he was sorry to meet them on such an occasion. They were visited by a calamity that was not recog nised by the people or the Government to its proper extent. He did not agree with people going to the workhouse upon every pinch; but that was not a little pinch, as he was certain that the country most step in. If something was not done by the Government in giving out seed by gift or loan many broad acres would go out of crop, and that would be a great loss to the district and the colony for years to come. He would say that the country must help them who cannot help themselves. He had received a note from town from an agent, that in case of creditors pressing their claims the Undlordmust step in and protect hrniMflf. That showed the feeling of landlords and agents respecting the position of the farmers. A representative from MudU Wirra, Mr. Bamfield, then read a few of the resolutions of then* Committee, which they crnld either adopt or reject Mr. EL Greig rose with pleasure in meeting so numerous a com pany, out with great pain when he thought of the occasion. He had been in the district a long time. They had had hot winds and dry seasons, bat nothing so bad as the almost total failure of the crops. The rust had made its greatest ravages. He moved—'That, in the opinion of this meeting it will be but an act of justice and public policy of the Government to supply the farmers with seed wheat, and take their note of hand for two years' without inte rest." (Loud cheers). The visitation was not confined to this district alone, bat the harvest generally is far short of the average. The latest Blue Book gave their land at 70,000 acres, which at 10 bushels to the acre—a much less yield tban they anticipated two months' ago— would be 700,000 bushels, and that at a lowesti mate of 55., gives £175,000 as the value of their wheat alone, as the price would be far higher than 55., they might say £200,000. But other districts suflered; there were Munno Para, Port Adelaide, Hindmaish, Sturt, Strathalbyn, and other districts. He had seen a gentleman who had travelled the County of light, Nariootpa, Stockport, where the rust bad made its ravages, butnoplacewassobadasiPortGawler. These districts would haveabout lOO.OOOacres of wheat land, which taken at 10 bushels—afair estimate for that country—at 55., would make a total of £230,000. That was no light amount, and yet when the squatters 9 losses were spoken of, the whole country was roused. Long discussions took place in each House of Parliament—Bank Managers rushed about Hindley-street in a state of distraction. The agricultural interest was greater than the squatting and mining interests togethec The loss pi the wheat crop would be felt by the whole community—ministers, and merchants, and mechanics would all Enfier. The farmers were not asking for a gift like the squatters, who had amassed their fortunes, and who sent their sons and daughters to Europe to have college education —an interest which exported £600,000 worth of produce received £70,090 remission of rent. They were told by Parlia ment they were Crown tenants, and be wished he was a Crown tensnt. Them was a more justifiable case than the squatters. The farmers were poor men; the squatters were rich. Look at the names —J. H. Brown, Angas, Price Maurice, ani others. The farmers were poor straightforward men. It would fee an act of folly on the part of the Government and public if the farmers were not supplied with seel wheat. If the Government refused he beliered that 30,000 acres would go out of crop—which, at 10 bushels per acre and at ss. per bushel, would amount to £75,00 >. That amount would be a loss to the district. And even if it cost the Government £15,009 to provide seed it would be money well laid out, and would !>e a profit to the country of about £60,000. If the G vemment did not help them, the produce would be wanting the next year and the year after; the Customs duties would fall off, and a great loss to the revenue would result. The Government might say they bad no funds. They could find £15,400 on the occasion of tbe Prince's visit, but that was to please and gratify the families of tbe " l^pper Ten." They could show their loyalty without such tomfoolery as that. The Chief Secretary had let the catoutofthebag,audas there was no crop, they would want no emigration, and the money should buy seed wheat for the farmers. Then tbe money should be found by retrenchment in the civil service. They did not want salaries of £120 or £150 cut down, but those 10 to 4 gentlemen whose salaries were raised to n:eet the high price of provisions should be'reduced now they were low. There was a general election at hand; every man should exercise bis vote ani put in the right men. They could spend £70,000 on a new Post-Office, when the good old building would have answered the purpose for years to come. They wanted their roads and bridges more than was wanted a Post-Office. He would appeal to this meeting and to the country at large as to the necessity of the case when they had met with such a crying calamity. He had much pleasure in moving the resolution. Mr. Easther seconded. Carried unanimously. Mr. Condon thought there was a c'ass of farmers that would not come under the Government assistance, who had part freehold and part rented land. Some thing should be done whereby they might get money on easier terms. When money in England was not more than 1J or 2 per cent, our capi talists were extorting 10 to 12J and 15 per cent. There were men who could borrow at about 7 per cent., and then let out again at 10 to 15 per cent. He hoped that the scheme that was being got up to establish a farmeis' bank would succeed. Every farmer ongbt to encourage it. They could not get the s&ine; accommodation which squatters and merchants got, and it was high time that the farmers began to stir and to look to tbeir interest, Mr. Easther proposed that this meeting appoint a Committee to act in unity with other districts to carry out their resolutions. Mr. Jas. Wilson seconded. Mr. Condon thought it would be well if the farmers present were to show (heir samples of wheat. A great many samples were shown, which were very poor, and which would not pay for the labor of reaping. Blr. Warren believed that even now some people did not think the rust was so bad as it nvs. Such samples were worth from 3s. Cd. to 4s. Cd. per bushel. When he saw what was coming he tried it, and it took 70 bushels to the ton of flour; and as it had the blossom and flower on it, and unless it was knocked off in the smuting, it would make bad flour. (-' Would it kill the people ?") He had tried it, and it did kill him. He considered it wholesome dread. The resolution was carried and the following Committee appointed:— ! Messrs. Win. Warren, E. Greig, J. Wilson, J. Donaldson, and TerrAy. Mr. Dowdy w shed to make a few remarks as regarded the land- j lor.ls, as it was impossible for many of the tenants to pay. In case of a total failure of the crops the farmers ought not to pay any rent The landlords might say " Oh, you had double crops last year;" but it is well known that farmers had liabilities in anticipation of their harvest, and if they had none, as was the case with many, what were they to do ? Mr. Smith had been to his landlord, and he had given him the rent, and the other creditors he had to deal with. Mr. Warren believed that the landlords would remit the rent, and that the ratepayers should attend to their own interes'. The Coun cil had acted on a policy which they thought would benefit the district Mr. Masters thought that there were some who were freeholders and had their property mortgaged should be assisted. Mr. Greig explained that the Government had snfficient power to assist those who stood inneed. He thought that if a quarter of a million was borrowed, and secured to the Government in land and stock, over a series of years at six per cent, it would keep them out of the hands of the hind sharks, where they would have to pay I 15 to 20 per cent Mr. Wilson had been to his landlord and asked that his rent might stand over tail the next year, and he consented with pleasure, and another said that he was a poor man and had nothing else to live upon but his interest, which was from£4o,ooo to £50,000. Mr. Condon would say tint all the tenant farmers present should communicate with their landlords, and request them to remit the year's rent, and three that could not remit them the year might remit them the half year. He referred to the cattle diseise, and said theirs was a worse case than that The Chairman said the resolution won'd simply go forth as the expression of the meeting. They would have to make their own terms, and if they failed the Committee would do what they could to assist them; bat he believed that in most cases something would be done. Mr. Greig proposed a vote of thanks to the Press. Mr. Donaldson seconded, and it was acknow ledged by Mr. Smith for the Chronicle and Ad vertiser; and by Mr. Melvin (or the BegUter and Observer. A vote of thanks to the Chair man was carried by acclamation, and thus closed a large and orderly meeting, the first public meeting held in the Two Wells Inn. UNDALYA, December 23. There are fires and rumors of fires in all directions, bat lam happy to state that there has been none in our immediate neighborhood. —There is rust and rumors of rust in all direc tions, but lam glad to say that our district is likely to suffer less from this fri-htful scourge than almost any other in the province. Some of the crops are looking really epleadid, while others, though but little affected by rust, do not show a. very fair sample of grain. Altogether, however, I think vre may look for a pretty fair avenge yield.— The annual distribution of prizes took place in the schooUoomherie on Friday evening. The pro ceedings commenced at half-past 7, when Mr. McNeil was called to the chair. There were about 80 children present, and also a number of parents and friends. After the prizes had been given out, the Chairman called upon Mr. James Malcolm, of Auburn, to address the meeting. Mr. Malcolm's address was short and pithy, dwelling principally on the advantages of educa tion, and the evils attending the want of it He aptly illustrated his subject at several points. Mr. Heaslip then shortly addressed the meeting in his usual happy manner on the same subject. Mr. McNeil then addressed the meeting in a short speech, earnestly urging upon the people of Undaly* the necessity of immediately build ing a new and more commodious echoolhotvse. He also endeavored, while advocating the cause of education, to impress the meeting with their social duties. He said although every man is not bora to become an M.P., or to fill any other high and responsible post, yet every head of a family possessed a certain influence in public affairs; and that one of the most important services that a man in ordinary life could confer upon his country was to give a sound education to his family, and assist the caitee of education as far as bis means would allow ; and also that every man who had the wish ought make him self useful to his fellow men in whatever sphere he happened to be placed, and still be doing no more than his duty. Votes of thanks to the Chairman and Mr. Malcolm closed a very agree able evening. 