AGRICULTURAL 'STATISTICS. (From the Times.) ENGLAND is fertile in paradoxes, and not the least of them is the fact that the most diflicult thing of all others to ascertain is tliat which is done in this land of liberty, of general curiosity, and extensive infor- mation, in the face of nature and under the light of the sun. You may learn almost anything that is said or done under cover and indoors, certainly in the way of manufacture and commerce; but nobody knows, even in the most summary way, what is doing on the thousands of acres spread before his eyes in any landscape of ordinary extent, much less in the county, or the country at large. Many attempts have been made to obtain Agricultural Statistics, and make them a branch of every-day knowledge ; but wo are Btill left to exchange the wiltlests guesses, and the most visionary antipications about tlio crops and the future prices, when we de- scend from the weather to its effects on the land. Perhaps there is nothing of material interest in which we are all so ignorant, though certainly not for want of inquiring. The truth is that there is no occupation so engrossing, so concentrating, and so loca- lising as that of the farmer. He buries his facts in his head as in his laud. Deep in his brain he is running up an account of strength put in the ground, or taken out of it, as, may be, manure ploughed in, or per- haps the weeds just hidden, this or that succession of crops, this or that yield last year or the year before, plagues showing themselves, and all sorts of peculiarities in the soil that nobody knows but be and his best man on the farm. Then ho knows best why the cattle enjoy themselves on this spot, or are sure to ail something on that ; that no good butter is ever to be got on one slope of the hill, while that on the other slope is the best in the neighborhood. Then he has little " dodges " inborited from his grandfather, and " wrinkles " acquired hy time, of which ho keeps the copyright. Ile learns a little by looking over his noighbors' fences, but does it on the sly, and would not bo caught looking often. Nor does lie tell much if there is miscliief or mistake. Let his neighbor learn for himself, as everybody else does ; and per- haps he might not be thanked for his humanity if he warned IIÍB neighbor that his hoy was musty, that his cows wero eat- ing too many dead leaves, that his sheep would not do much good on frost-bitten turnips, or that they would get the rot whore they were lying. Let it be added that nature itself is silent, and full of re- serve. She is a very Sphinx for the puzzles she sets, and the penalties she in- flicts for not solving them. The shepherd has a word or two in the course of the day for his dog, and the ploughman for his team ; but they have it all to themselves, whether a forty-acre field or a whole down ; and woe to the shepherd, or anybody else, if his master sees him often tallang to his own species. The farmer, too, has a good many sore memories and small grievances, and is not altogether satisfied with Provi- dence, or his landlord, or the laws of his country, or anything else of importance, lie endures a good deal, and endurance is a silent occupation. He has a load upon his mind, but the mountains themselves make no noise. All this, within and without, makes it rather a diflicult task to get from the farmer that information which the farmer alone can give, and which is neoessary to the production of Agricultural Returns that shall be of immediate and real use. Of course, it is very important to many per- sons to know the respective acreage laid under the several crops, and the probable yield throughout the country. For ex- ample, if the British public could have foreseen this time last year the prices corn was to reach before next harvest, it would have secured betimes, and at a lower price, a larger proportion of last year's produce. France, it is notorious, beats us in this re- spect, and that by means of a more com- plete system of Agricultural Returns. In fact, France enters the market with i»r eyes open, we with our eyes wilfully shut ; and the result is what might be expected. Then our continental neighbours are easily organised and formalised, and, either, by thoir superior aptitude or through the official skill of the authorised inquirers, they are more easily got to fill up forms and master the little difficulties that make a sturdy English yeoman turn pale and stagger at the sight of a tabular form, with columns for the crops, places foi" figures, and a direction as large as a signpost telling him where to write his name. There appears to be no difficulty in getting reasonable answers from the Irish farmers, however small. They are men of the world, living much in the society of their own class, enjoying daily and hourly trials of wit, and also well drilled by justices, stewards, bailiffs, and priests. They are up to vulgar fractions ; indeed, their crops are generally in this form, and their rents too. Then Ireland, though an ill-governed, is also an over-governed country. Our English parishes govern themselves, and get on very pleasantly when they are all agreed, which is not always the case ; but self-government, with all its merits, has the disadvantage of disqualifying for bureau- cratic and Imperial processes. There are a moral prejudice and a sort of intellectual stubbornness in our farmers which render them averse from any of the means sug- gested for the collection of these statistics. The exciseman is, oflioially, the best man to make these inquiries, and to assist the farmer in answering them ; but it is needless to say that he is a disagreeblo visitor, and one who is apt to throw even a respectable and unbiased intelligence " all of a heap." The policeman does the work in Ireland, and does it well ; but ho is not quite the same quality of man here, and he would not be acceptable. The counties would object to have his time and interest taken up in such matters. The Poor-Law officers are not public servants. It is vain to expect anything from parish officers, particularly as the returns will bo worthless if they are not made on a perfectly uni- form system. The inquiries, however, must be made through some part of our existing machinery ; and if people could only get over their objection to tho ap- pearance or the missives of the Exciseman, ho is the best man for the purpose. Since the agoncy exists, why may we not haye Returns of Agriculture, as we haye of Trade, of Births, Deaths, and Marriages, and some other things ? Of Ireland, we have now lying boforo us Tables showing the estimated average produce of the crops for last year, the emigration from the several ports, and the number of mills for scutching flax in each country and province. As regards England we have to thank the cattle plague for getting rid of somo of the unreasonable prejudice against Returns. Our farmers saw that if cattlo wore dying at a frightful rate, and if Government had to see the compensation and face the gap iu our supplies, it had a right to ask for figures. So they returned their cattlo, and by this time they are sensible of tlio fact that no harm has come to them in con- sequence. The real confusion in their minds has always been that they could not distinguish between general and local in- formation, and imagined somebody wanted to pry into their private affairs, and to turn the knowledge against thom. They did not seo that all the Returns would pass through one offieo, and come out in com- prehensive results, that would do nobody any harm, and might do everybody some good. Indeed, there is no one who is so much interested in knowing the prospects of the harvest as the farmer himself. Of course, he wants to know whether to sell or not, and what crops to try his luck with noxt year. Will not some of our leading Conservatives, and other country gentle- men, do something to relieve the farmer of his misgivings, and to explain the valuo of this information ? When a Conservative Government recommends it, tho farmer can no longer regard even the Exciseman, if he is the mau to do the work, as a spy coming to see the nakedness or the rich- ness of the land. The Board of Trado ventures to make this appeal to the good sense of the oc- cupying farmers. In a few days they will receivo by post forms for Returns of " Land under Crops," and the "Number of Live Stock," and it is hopod that theso will be properly filled up and returned by Mid- summer-day. Thoro are about half a million tenant farinera, wo believo, and the Inland Revenue is the only official staff at all equal to the immense work of collecting, summing, and arranging theso Returns. Wo suspect, however, that a good many people will have to assist, not only in ob- viating objections, but in explaining the forms. Strange as it may seem, it is not in the remote provinces and out-of-the-way corners of the island that the chief re- pugnance and suspicion are to be found ; it is in the eastern and southern counties. These Returns, it is scarcely necessary to add, will be voluntary. The country appeals to every man's common sense to answer a few plain questions in a matter which really concerns us all, the farmer himself especially. The most eminent agriculturists of the country, and the most undoubted " farmers'friends," pledge them- selves in favor of a full inquiry. The Duke of Richmond and Sir Stafford North- cote would not recommend the step now taken if it really was a " leap in the dark," or anything at all dangerous, or anything, in fact, except a piece of plain common sense. Siap-RMMOTioN.-The gonoral avoraion of men's spirits to this BO necessary work of solf reflootion is ono of tho most deplorable symp- toms of lapsed, dogonoroto humanity. Tho wickedness that bath ovorspread tho naturo of man, and a Beeret consciousness ond misgiving, hath made mon afraid of themselves and studiously to declino »11 acquaintance with thoir own souls ; to shun thomselvos as ghosts and spectres ; thoy cannot endure to appear to thomsolvcs. You can hardly impose a sevoror task upon a wicked man, than to go and rotiro an hour or two, and commune with himself; he knows not how to foco his own thoughts ; his own soul is a devil to bim, as indeed it will be in hell, the most fright- ful tormenting devil. Yet, what powor is thoro in man, moro oxcollont, moro appropriate to roaaonablo naturo, than that of rcflooting, or turning bia thoughts upon him- self? Sonso must hero confess itself outdono. Tho oyo that sees other objecte cannot seo itsolf, but tho mind, a rational sun, can not only pro- ject its beams, but revert them ; mako its thoughts turn inward. It can BOO its own face, contemplate itsolf. And how useful an endow- ment is this to the naturo of man ! If ho orr, ho might perpetuate his error, and wandor in- finitely, if ho had not th¡8 self- reflecting powor : and if ho do well, novor know without it tho comfort of a rationol self-approbation.-John. Howe, PARLORS VERSUS GRAND SALOONS.-There is something home-liko, comfortable, and snug, implied in the word parlor. It convoys tho idea of a bright, cheerful, well-furnished cosy room, with (at this season) n blazing fire in tho ampio grate, and a tortoise-Bholl cat, tho emblem of domestic content, curled up on tho hearth- rug. Fashionable people, as a rulo, despiso parlors. Thoy havo " reception" rooms, " draw- ing" rooms, " salons," and for family use, moBt unparlor-like basements ; but the neat sitting rooms in which the gentlewomen of former days darned their husbands' old Btockings and knitted new ones, aro not to be found in the hugo brown stono edifices, where modern pre- tension keeps its state. Thero the comfortablo is entirely sacrificed to the imposing. Vast apartments, across which you can sooroely recognize tho features of an acquaintance, without an opera-glass, are indispensable to tho proper entertainment of tho " best society." To fill a suite of such apartments with people that the master and mistress of the mansion don't caro a button about, and that don't care a button about one another, is tho supreme ambition of our Bank Koto Aristocracy. 