SYDNEY INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Sydney Infir- mary and Dispensary was held, yesterday evening, in St. James's schoolroom, Castlereagh-street. The attendance was not very numerous, but the weather was inclement. Among those present were the Venerable Archdeacon McEncroe, The Rev. G. H. Moreton, the Hon. George Allen, M.L.C., Mr. A. Dick, the Rev. A. H. Stephen, Mr. Alexander, M.L.A., Dr. McKay, Dr. Roberts, Dr. Alleyne, Dr. Bedford, Dr. Renwick, Dr. Jenes, Dr. Aaron, the Hon. E. C. Weekes, M.L.C., Mr. R. Stewart, M.L.A., and the Rev. J. Milne. Tho chair was taken by the Hon. George Allen, who read the advertisement calling the meeting, and expressed his regret at the absence of the Hon. E. Deas Thomson, M.L.C., who had been forbidden by his medical attendant to leave his home in consequence of the state of the weather He then called upon Mr. Dick, who read the following REPORT The Board are happy to report considerable improvements both in the buildings and in the internal economy of the house,- several of the departments having undergone a reorganisation which already promises good results They regret that they cannot yet report the completion of the new wing, so urgently required to meet the increased demands upon the Institution and to afford facilities for a better classifi- cation of patients. The work is, however, in progress, under the able direction of Mr Hume,-tenders for the excavation of the foundations having been advertised for. Among the alterations and improvements that have been made may also be enumerated the utilisation of a space under the south wing which, by excavation and a small outlay, has afforded additional accommodation for servants, and a new store room. Improvements have been effected also in the matron's store- room. A new stove has been erected in the kitchen, and gas has been laid on at the dispensary. Various matters connected with the medical arrangements of the house, and with the general domestic economy, have through- out the year engaged the attention of the directors. They have felt that the Infirmary was, to a great extent, diverted from its proper objects, by the retention of so large a number of chronic cases which has excluded those of an acute character, and thus prevented the Institution from extending its benefits to so large a number of patients as it might treat during the year, and, consequently, from giving that complete relief it might otherwise afford. They have been in communication with the Government in reference to this matter, and have to acknowledge thankfully the relief afforded to some extent, by the removal of a few such cases to the Government Institution nt Port Macquarie. More complete provision will, however, require to be made before the Infirmary will be in a position to concentrate its efforts more particularly on those it can fully and permanently benefit. Assisted by the Honorary Medical Staff (who have always been ready with their time and valuable counsels), the directors have again had under consideration an improved system of nursing, amended dietary arrangements, with alterations that have seemed desirable in the regulation of the wards, and in the general inter- nal economy of the house The Government have relieved the Board from some difficulty, as far as the expense of obtaining trained nurses from England is concerned, by liberally, without solicitation, taking steps for the selection ol duly qualified persons for this office, and making provision for their outfit and passage to the colony. Considerable difficulty, hovever, has been experienced in precuring nurses of the standard of qualifications sought for, and some delay may be anticipated yet in accomplishing so desirable an object. Negotiations have been renewed with the Senate of the Sydney University, and further steps taken towards the establishment of a medical school in connection with the Infirmary. This would materially increase the benefits the institution has rendered to the community, by subserving the interests of science, and making the extensive observation of disease, to be obtained in the numerous and varied cases under treatment, a measure towards training a native faculty. The increased demands on the Infirmary, and especially the extension of the benefits of the Dispensary, have necessitated the appointment of an additional dispenser. Mr James has been appointed to this office, at a salary of £130 per annum. Th directors have to mention, with much regret, the deaths of Mr. Hugh Houston, house surgeon, and of Mrs Ghost, matron of the institution. Their faithful and efficient services during twenty-two years were fully appreciated by the directors, who, during these years, watched over the interests of the Infirmary, and the present Board placed on the minutes an expression of their appreciation of services so long and faithfully rendered, and of the loss sustained by the institution. To fill these vacancies the Board have elected Mr. J. H. Gray as house surgeon, and Mrs Blake as matron. They are happy to say that all that has come under their notice has fully justified the choice they have made. The removal by death, of the two officials above mentioned, and the inquiries into the management of the house deemed necessary to guide the directors to the best method of supplying the vacan- cies, have led them to propose the following changes in the domestic and medical administration of the Institution It has been found that the duties discharged by the late Dr. Houston are too onerous for one. The Directors propose to divide these duties between two officials-a resident physician, and a resident surgeon-each to receive a salary of £200 per annum. with quarters and rations. The emergencies of the house, and the overtaxed strength of the present house surgeon, have compelled the Board to advertise for a resident physician, trusting that the subscribers would re- cognise the necessity that prompted them, and confirm their appointment. For more complete supervision and responsibility, for the con- duct of the servants and the manifold details of domestic manage- ment, it has been thought advisable to propose the appointment of a paid superintendent to act as secretary, to exercise control over all the servants of the house, and have a general oversight of all the details of management. Resolutions in regard to this and several proposed alterations will, this evening, be submitted to you. Two things of great importance which have occupied the attention of the directors have been the revising of the rules, to bring them into harmony with the changes already made, and those contemplated, and the preparation of a Bill of Incorpora- tion for the institution, which has been prepared though not as yet passed. In connection with both of these the Board have to acknowledge a great obligation to Mr. Dick, who, in addition to his well known legal ability, has kindly given much time and labour to the arranging and compilation of the above. In announcing the resignation of the Rev. John Dougall and M.H. Stephen, esq., who have for so many years held the office of joint secretaries, the directors feel that they are only anticipat- ing the wishes of the subscribers by recording, in this report, their sense of the services so ably and zealously rendered to the institution by these gentlemen, who have devoted much valuable time to the furtherance of its interests. The directors are happy to say that though there has been a slight falling-off in the number of old subscribers, these have been more than compensated by the new ones. Of donations they have to acknowledge the following -The late Mrs. Ghost £100, from Mrs Stocker in Scotland, whose son died in the Infirmary, £30, from Mr. J. McDermott, whose wife is an inmate, £20, from Mr. F. Senior, 100 trusses; from Mr. Sloper, Woolloomooloo, a gas stove, a parcel of rack combs and a package of arrowroot from Mr. J. B. Holdsworth; a parcel of linen from Mr. R. A. A. Morehead, and supplies of vege- tables from Mr. Baptist. The directors have to rccomrnond to the thanks of the sub- scribers the hon. medical officers, who amid the claims of private practloe, hove devoted so much time and labour in carry- ing out the objects of the Infirmary. They have to express their satisfaction with the way in which the district surgeons have discharged their duties. The following are the statistics usually presented to your notice in the annual report:- The number of patients admitted into the Infirmary during the last year has been 1274. The largest number of admissions was in the month of October, 122 , the smallest in the month of August, 87. The accidents and urgent cases have amounted to 235. There have been 22 operations performed. The number of deaths during the year has been 159. Of these many were moribund on admission. The number of patients remaining in the house on the 31st December, 1866, was 188. The number of cases treated by the district surgeons, in con- nection with the dispensary, has amounted to 3919. Of these 706 were visited at their own homes. It will devolve upon you to confirm the new rules submitted for your approval, to elect the honorary officers and new directors for the ensuing year. Vacancies occur in the honorary medical staff, hy the retire- meant (by rotation) of Drs. Brown and Alleyne, honorary physicians, and of Messrs. Roberts and McKay, honorary surgeons. These gentlemen are eligible for re- election. Vacancies also occur in the Dispensary by the retirement (by rotation) or Messrs. Moon and Graham, district surgeons for Gibbs, Brisbane, and Phillip Wards. These gentlemen are also eligible for re-election The accounts of the Treasurer will be laid before you. The committee regret the increases in the expenditure during the year, which, however, must be regarded as exceptional, the greatest supervision has been given to the purchase of stores and drugs, and every effort at economy consistent with comfort has been carried into effect. The additional expense that will necessarily be incurred in con- nection with the new wing, coupled with new kitchen arrange- ment and new dietary scale, urges tho committee to appeal for a continuance of that support which has been liberally extended to the institution. Mr. John Smith, treasurer, read the financial state- ment, which showed that tho disbursements for the year amounted to £9572 7s. 2d., and the receipts to £8872 14s. 1d., leaving a balance of £699 5s. 7d. due to bank. But against this they had in anticipation the receipt from Government of several hundred pounds for pauper patients. The subscriptions for the past year amounted to £2000. The securities deposited with the bank amounted to £5000 They had also £606 in tho Samaritan Fund in the Savings' Bank. .Archdeacon McEnroe moved the first resolution, ''That the report read be adopted, and together with the treasurer's account be printed and circulated under the direction of the Board of Directors". He said it afforded him very much pleasure to propose the adoption of this resolution. He had no doubt some improvement might be made in regard to the treatment of cases of chronic disease in the Infirmary. In consequence of this course, it was frequently impossible to receive urgent cases into the institution. He hoped and trusted that some steps would be taken to provide a suitable place for the treatment of chronic cases. He would be cautious, however, in introducing any amend- ment which required an extravagant expenditure. The contributions towards the institution were very fair, and economy ought to be the order of the day. They ought not to incur any responsibility which they might not be able to meet. Mr Alexandeu, M.L.A., seconded the resolution. He bore testimony to the large amount of time and attention which had been given to the management of the affairs of the Institution by the directors. He had himself been pre- vented by other engagements from giving so much time as he could have wished, but so far as he had been able to at- tend he had always felt the greatest pleasure in rendering such assistance as it was in his power to bestow. When the north wing was erected he felt convinced that this in- stitution would be all that could be desired. He was in- formed that the institution, bad as it might be considered to be by some foolish people who never chose to come and judge for themselves, would vie with any similar institution in the mother country in spite of all the difficulties it had had to encounter. No doubt improvements could be made. It appeared to him that they had now a gentleman at the head of affairs who took a great interest in the institution, and he would, perhaps, be able to give them sufficient money to make the addition to which he had referred. He felt sure that large economy was effected by the care and consideration of the directors in arranging for the necessary supplies. If only the public could see the way in which the institution was managed, its officers would obtain greater recognition of their services than they seemed now to receive. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. G. Forbes, sen., moved- "That the thanks of this meeting are due to his Excellency the Governor and the Colonial Parliament for the liberal and afforded to the insti- tution during the past year." The resolution, having been seconded bv Mr. J. R. Street, was put and agreed to unanimously. Mr. A. Dick moved, - "That the new rules and regula- tions approved by the General Board, be adopted as the rules and regulations of the Sydney Infirmary, in substitu- tion of the present ones. He explained that there had been a few alterations in these rules since they were pub- lished in Saturday's Herald, but these were merely formal, and left them substantially the same as those printed. Some years ago it had been found that the rules in existence did not answer the purposes intended, and there had been no proper rules since 1843\. A sub committee was appointed to revise them but without result and since then he had undertaken the task, and the rules and regulations he had framed had been sub- mitted to the General Board, and he believed approved of. He therefore moved that they be now confirmed. If any discussion should arise upon them, or any alteration be moved, he presumed he should have an opportunity of giving reasons for putting these rules in their present shape. Mr. A.Allen seconded the motion. The Chairman then pointed out the alterations which had been made since the rules were published, to shew that they were not substantial or material. Mr. R. Stewartt said that considering the great atten- tion and care Mr. Dick had devoted to the framing of these rules it would hardly be gracious to find fault with them upon this occasion. But he might say that he did not approve of so large an increase in the number, which was to the extent of eighty or ninety. Another objection he had was that in defining so fully the duties of the sub committees they would be encumbering the action of the General Board. It would in many cases involve the sub committees in the responsibility in matters that ought not to form part of their functions, unless under the direction of the General Board. Such a system had not been found practicable by other societies and he feared would take away the responsibility that should properly attach to the Board, and leave that responsibility in the hands of some two or three who might not have its confidence. He therefore did not think the rules would work well and it must not be matter of surprise if within a short time it was found necessary to repeal some of them, Mr. Raphael supported the resolution, and said it was no more than was due to the framer of these rules that they should have a fair trial The solution was put and agreed to unanimously. Mr. W Pritchard proposed the fourth resolution, "That the thanks of this meeting be given to the honorary medical officers as well as the office bearers, directors and lady visitors, for their services during the past year, and that the Hon. E. Deas Thomson, C.B., be continued in his office as president, Captain Dumaresq, the Hon. George Allen, and the Ven. Archdeacon McEncroe, as vice- presidents; that Mcssrs. Alexander Dick and John E. Manning be appointed joint honorary secretaries, in the room of the Rev. John Dougall and M. H. Stephen, Esq., who have resigned; that John Smith Esq., be continued as honorary treasurer, and that the following gentlemen constitute the Board of directors -Revs. A. Thomson, A. H. Stephen, and J. Graham, Messrs. M. H. Stephen, S. C. Burt, T. Iceton, J. R. Street, the Hon. S. D. Gordon, J. B. Rundle, Charles Moore (Mayor), Alexander Dick, John E. Manning, John Dalley, Rev. James Milne, Maurice Alexander, Robert Stewart, Rev. J. F. Sheridan, W. M. Alderson, J. H. Goodlet, R. Coveny, J. Flavelle, Rev. J, Dwyer, J. G. Raphael, and J. Baptist". The thanks of the public were certainly due to the medical officers, who by their voluntary services rendered on behalf of the institution were the means of doing a great deal of good. No doubt the conscious satisfaction arising from the performance of their duties was a sufficient reward, and they reflected honour on the conmunity The other officers were equally entitled to our gratitude. He had much pleasure in proposing the resolution. The Rev. G. H. Moreton seconded the resolution. He had much pleasure in bearing his humble testimony to the immense value of the institution, the worth of which was more apparent year by year. He was frequently brought into contact with the indigent and the suffering. He had seen something of the working of the institution within the building, and also with respect to the dis- trict surgeons. He had seen some hospitals in other parts of the world, but he had never met with one which was more efficiently conducted than the Infirmary of Sydney. He thousht that the com- munity was laid under very extensive, obligations to the gentlemen referred to, who were deserving of our warmest and most grateful praise. We ought to think ourselves fortunate in having so large a body of physicians and sur- geons to take charge of the patients of the establishment, and in having a committee consisting of members of dif- ferent religious denomination, who appeared to work so harmoniously and efficiently for the institution. Before he sat down, he wished to make a suggestion for the consideration of the committee at some future time, with respect to the district surgeons. From the large numbers of sick and indigent persons whom he constantly had occasion to send for advice and medicine, he had found that it must be a very heavy task on the districts doctors to attend to their duties in con- nection with the institution. Notwithstanding the onerous nature of the duties, these gentlemen, however, prescribed for the Infirmary patients with as much promptitude and care as if they received a fee in each case. If the funds of the Institution would amit of a subdivision of the districts and the increase of the district medical staff, an additional benefit would be conferred on the public, and the present officers would in some degree be relieved of their present excessive labour. Mr. John Manning said that this matter had already been under the consideration of the directors, who intended by-and-bye to decrease the size of the districts, and to employ a larger number of medical men. The resolution was then put and agreed to. The Rev. A. H. Stephen said that under a rule of the Infirmary four medical olllcora of the institution now retired, but were eligible for re-election, and he was happy to find that there was no opposition to be offered to their reappoint- meant. He had, therefore, to propose that Drs. Alleyne and Brown be re-elected honorary physicians of the Infirmary, and that Drs. McKay and Roberts be re-elected honorary surgeons. These gentlemen were well known to the subscribers, and he took this opportunity of bearing his testimony, as a director, to the attention and zeal, the diligence and skill, evinced by them. Mr. Raphael seconded the resolution, which was agreed to as before. Mr. Raphael proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Alexander Dick for the labour he had undertaken in the preparation of the new rules. Dr. Roberts seconded the motion, and it was carried unanimously. Dr. Roberts said it was his original wish that some members of the late Board of directors should propose the resolution which he was about to recommend to the con- sideration of the meeting, but he had since been induced to submit the motion in his capacity of a member of the hono- rary medical staff. The resolution was as follows - " That, in the opinion of this meeting, the Board of Direc- tors should, as early as possible after their appointment, take into consideration the condition of the dilapidated and inefficient buildings at present used for the domestic duties of the institution, with a view to their removal, and that they should matute a scheme for providing a complete range of substantial buildings for the performance of these duties in an efficient and economical manner, that such general plan should include suitable quarters for such officers as may be deemed necessary, and the laying out, planting, etc., of the unoccupied space at the back of the main building for the use and recreation of the patients, finally, that they make an application to the Government for funds to erect and carry out the same. " It was now twelve years since he first had the honour of becoming one of the honorary surgeons to the Sydney Infirmary, and during that time the fact had been con- stantly forced on his mind that certain weak points existed in the institution. The principal of these evils had, in his judgment, arisen from the absence of educated and trained nurses, and from the utter inefficiency of the buildings, apparatus, and accommodation for the extensive duties appertaining to so large a hospital. He had noticed the directors working month after month, year by year, from hand to mouth, often annoyed and disheartened against the difficulties with which they had so long to con- tend. He had also known the honorary medical staff report time after time to the directors upon the inefficiency of these departments, and the reply had invariably been, 'We have not the accommodation to carry out your views, or the funds to provide it." He begged to express his firm convictnn that the state of things could not be allowed to continue, and that if remedied, the sufferings of the patients would be immensely relieved, the number circulated annually through the institution would be increased, the character of the honotary medical staff would stand higher, and the present vexatious labours of the directors would give place to a pleasant and satisfactory duty. But he must go further. He was bound to tell the subscribers and the public that this site of the Sydney Infirmary was a noble one, one of the best in the world, that the plan and construction of the ward buildings were excellent, and that it was only necessary to carry out what he had now the honour to propose to render it an institution that any citizen and every director should be proud to show to a visitor. During the past year an opportunity had been afforded to the directors for reorgani- sing the domestic staff-of which they had promptly availed themselves; but to render it effective the officers and nurses now to be appointed must be provided with the means for carrying out the views of the directors and the instructions of the medical officers. One paragraph in the resolution mentioned the erection of the necessary quarters for officers. He sincerely hoped that a detached residence for the head training nurse and probation nurses would be included in any general scheme upon which the directors might decide. This to him appeared absolutely necessary, unless they declined the excellent offer of Mr. Parkes, a course than which he could conceive nothing more preju- dicial to the interests of the patients in the infirmary, or those of invalids generally throughout the colony. It was almost unnecessary that he should mention in detail the duties which were dependent upon the buildings alluded to in the resolution, but he would briefly allude to the laundry and kitchen departments. Respecting the first it appeared desirable that if possible this department should be removed from the premises, which were of too contracted a nature to permit of the washing for so large an institution being done in the most efficient manner, and which were much required as recreation ground for the patients. This point, however, would be left of course to the con- sideration and decision of the directors. In regard to the store and kitchen department, he would observe that for many years past it had been felt necessary to modify the diet scale of the patients, replacing it by one suggested several years since by the honorary medical officers, and adopted by the directors, but which it had been found impossible to carry out, because the kitchen accommodation was wholly inefficient, and because the nursing staff waa not of a character calculated to supervise it. The last paragraph recommended that an application should be made to Government to meet the expenditure necessary. He did not conceive that it was right for the subscribers and directors of any charity to appeal to the Government for pecuniary assistance with- out very good grounds, but he felt that the present was a most urgent and a very strong case, The money would be asked for permanent improvements of a necessary character, and could not be obtained from any other source. The choice must be between a continuance of the present state of things and a request for a grant from the Government. The decision as to which of these courses should be adopted he would now leave with the meeting. The Rev. A. H. Stephen seconded the resolution, but he thought it right that the subscribers should know that many if not all the suggestions contained in it had been already considered by the Board. He had, however, no doubt that an expression of opinion coming from the sub- scribers at the annual meeting would strengthen their hands very considerably, without at the same time binding them down to any particular course of action. There was considerable room for improvement, especially in the direc- tion pointed out by this resolution, but he felt it due to the directors who had served so long, and to those who had grown grey-headed in the service of the institu- tion, to say that many of these things had received their attention before the present resolution was thought of, and only a want of funds prevented the carrying of them out long since. They had now the promise of considerable sup- port from the Government and he believed the promise would be realised. He was glad to find there was a dawning of better things, although, looking to the difficulties that had to be met, and considering that many of the directors had little or no experience of other hospitals, they might say the institution had been creditably and successfully managed. Dr. Roberts said his sole object waa to strengthen the hands of the Board in the course of improvement which he believed they had decided upon. Mr. M. Alexander, aftersome explanations of a re- mark made by Mr. Stephen, expressed his approval of the suggestions contained in Dr. Roberts's resolution but said the committee had not thought proper to interfere in the arrangements referred to until the new wing was added. He also pointed out the necessity for receiving wards, as at present, when a patient came into the Infirmary, howover filthy, he had to be placed in the clean wards. These re- ceiving waids might be provided before the new wing was completed, which no doubt would take two or three years. The resolution was put and carried unanimously. On the motion of Mr, Raphael, seconded by the Ven. Archdeacon McEncroe, a vote of thanks was awarded the directors, and the hon. secretaries who had retired, for the manner in which they had discharged their duties for some years past. The Dean of Sydney said that he found constant com- plaints were made with reference to the manner in which the district surgeons performed their duties. Possibly those gentlemen had too much to do, and it might be desirable to double the number of districts, and thus afford a remedy. He simply called the attention of the chairman and the directors to the fact that there were very great complaints of neglect of dutv on the part of the district surgeons. Several instances had come under his own notice which he considered reflected very much on the gentlemen appointed to discharge those duties. He regretted to be under the necessity of stating this, but he felt that he would be guilty of a dereliction of duty if he did not bring the matter forward. Mr. Raphael naked Dean Cowper to state the names of the district surgeons who had neglected their duties. Mr. Alexander Dick did not think that we ought to pass lightly over what the Dean had stated. He had cast a very grave slur on gentlemen whose duties were great, and who were but ill paid for the performance of them. He had hardly dealt fairly with those gentlemen in bringing the matter forward at this meeting. The proper course would have been to complain to the Board ol Directors, who were always ready to investigate charges of this nature. The Dean could not mean to cast a slur upon all the dis- trict surgeons. (Dean Cowper: Certainly not.) On the motion of Mr. R. Steward-, the Chairmen then left the chair, and Archdeacon McEncroe took the same. A vote of thanks was thereupon passed by acclamation to Mr. Allen, for presiding Mr Allen briefly acknowledged the compliment, and the meeting then separated. MtMciiuiTV oi Cool, Ci'tiri i own - V meeting of the Council w is he! 1 nt the Council Ch imber on the 21st in t mt, at "30 ii*- 1 rei-eiit-1 he chairain (Mr J mies Han ¿an) ml councillors L rkm, M Grath, and Collins Hie nunutts of the irevious meeting having been read and conflrmcel, tho cone si erndon«, was then read Hie than man or the hnance committee brtucl t up a ripon recommending paymen of the sum of ¿1 los 4d Mov ed by councillor Collins, and seconded by coun cilloi M Giith, Hat the report he adopted ' Coined An tid^nce un ti e keibing and guttering now being lui m Grose street u dan account from the Government i unter weio plictd bcfoic tbt council, ind rcftrrcd to the finance committee for coi sidcr-it cn A letter from the uiumcipil countil of Newtown re pectins, the fonnation of llishopegate btreet veas read and referred to i future meeting for consider ition a* the s uno was not received in tune to he iu«oited n the notice of busiuess for ti is day A ltttcr »-cceivcd from the secretary of the Conference of Municipal Delegates wes also referred to a future meeting The council then rose. 