'HE RELIGION OF SAVAGES. [FROM TH13 FORTNIGHTLY REVIEW.] neofthe facts which most clearly shows we may net judga the original meaning of gacrifico of what! w^ call/inanimate objects something essentially different1 from the inai, meaning of the sacrifice of men and sts,' is this. ?? As a man -or beast; may be e(l to separate bis .body from the soul which l.A-njil -P»»/\/\ i-s* ortwrrrt /\^V»ov oftnld' at\ 'if* to ? ) (JO DUO J.J.CO V\J OCAIO UlUIUi 0UU.AO) OV/ i.U i J.O y, usual to kill even food and; clothing, hut i weapons, so far as .their different ores will permit, To burn what will burn, I so; to send its soul up with the smoks into so upper' regions of 'the air, where it flies in bird or a butterfly,; to,., ;cast down tlieli ion of drink upon the earthi'that it may. 'die [be as 'water, spilt upon ' the ground, which iiiot bo gathered u'p again;11 to break' things'1 3red to the dead, and sojspoil.tlieir.bodies for thly use;' or to 'leave 'them 'to perish by [ural, decay, in the damp ground, or exposed wind and weather above ; to let .the .deserted t fall to ruin of itself , or to throw it down, . burn it; to let birds, or beasts, or pilferers; ? beggars carry. away the offerings of food, or' give them to be : consumed by the officiating iest, like the Hindu, to' whom it is all one' lether his offering'is',dey,oured','by, the.fldjmes' eaten by a. Brahmin, .V for there, is.no dif icnce between the fire and a Brahmin— such tlie; decision pf those learned in the Veda ;'\\!| cse.are some of. the ways in wliich.thp .saeri o to the dead has been consummated in any an age and many a country. .W,heri,the, si' Indian' will send with, a dead man's soul osoul of a gun or a kettle, the corporeal gun , \i kettle may either' be simply left to perish, ? killed first ? by '' maiming, the. .gun- barrej; id dashing , a hole through the bottom of !0, kettlej ?;? For 'the purpose in hand'the one an is as good as the other. Perhaps the ea of communicating .with the wPrld'beyond ie grave by, means of, the souls of inanimate Meets reached its utmost development in the istom recorded by .Marco Polo.:—' If the son M a Tartar die before he has; been married, , M the daughter of another die unmarried |so, the parents of the deceased;meet.tpgether, ad celebrate a marriage between, the dead, and inking a draft in writing of that contract, they aint men and women for.servants, and horses, ad other creatures, with clothes of all sorts, al paper money, and burn them, together with lie contract ; by the smoke; whereof they say !iat all these things /are carried ; to their hildre'n in another world; where they are urried ; ? and ? the fathers ? ' ?? and mothers ouSider themselves to be Joined together in uch a' bond of affinity as if these marriages tad. been celebrated' :while the. married pair ?rere still alive.' That ?' the original purpose if sacrifices made , to ; other 'spiritual being's, ;enii,. fairies,1 geds, did not- differ from; that ?liich in the first, instance actuated'! those of-, ere'd'to the spirits of ^ the dead, there; seems no mfficient reason to dout-t,!f or savage, theology' imkes no specific distinction between' those1 two, :lasses of spirits. It is only through the ? di ect keeping up of the attributes' of \ the living ion on the one handj and the, close cor respondence' with the phehbmotia of ..dreains on the other, that, the. nature ; and 'wants of the;, spirits of the dead have been shown t.b..'iie',SQ', |miform, and have become so -well defined as: to .-.' igive us a very full understanding of the inten- ' lion of sacrifices offered for' their benefit., put savage notions of other spiritual . beings, V lexcopt in so far as they are strictly anthro-1 S pombrphic, .are ' more ; grave, . ! ana. ..aaffibult, \ip; [grasp,, arid ith'u'a,' in examining into the: primary' ! %« Anni» «-* ' '^vP Jinn mvi-ft nria . *v- ft ^ n +A 4-\\\ flTM. ; if- ib nr\lit _? jvenient to take- the: 'offerings '.ta'the;! dead; as1' types of offerings in, general, a' ieadijig position which the enormous importance of ghosts. on the'religion of the lowest 'human tribes is of'1 itself almost enough to; justify. ,', But, even' th^o,; clear statement that the , , object . of sacrificing to the gods is that they are to csnsume or enj by 'the souls of 'tlie /things sacrificed, is to bo met with among savage tribes.- |' Of, the great offerings of food . made -by .the Fiji.is^ knders,' says 'the ' Rev. \; Thomas;/ William's, '?' 'native belief, agpottipiis1 merely the. spul tkoreof to the gods, who : are described aa being -enormous1 -eaters. ': The substance is . consumed by the worshippers,' i1' Agkin',:i it.'fits, perfectly witli' Marco, Polo;'s story , of ihs ?. marriage of the spirits of the dead' bride and bridegroom1 that in, an'1. ordinary Chinese mar- ? riage of a living man and woman, one epp'y, . of the contract is burnt in the face of ,, heaven and earth as a witness togood arid evil spirits. . To show how' the soul pf the1 victim goes, to the gods to whom the sacrifice is -made,- tho. ac- count ' given by Herodotus of' the : Gebm and' their -god Zamolxis,, 'may 'serve as well as mip'tlior.' They hold.tnemselV'es) he says, to be immortal, for when thev die thev c'o to the demon Zuiholxis.; Every'five years they choose one by lot, auil despatch .; him .'as a .messenjgor to .; this deity, : commissioning him. to make lmown- their severar wants. They send him thus : part of them hold up ' three spears, aiid others, seizing the messenger by.thehdnd I and feet,' throw him up into the air* and. he is caught upon, the spears. 'Many centuries later, Dietinor of Merseburg puts on rticord the; account he has heard of the great Scandinavian : nine yeai's' sacrifice, when 'they inimplate to' their gods ninety and .nine men,, and as many horses, with dogs, and cocks offered in place of hawks, holding '? it for certain as I have said' before, that these'will servo thorn' in thp Shades balpAvl ? and '' make' atonement for' crimes com mittod.' It is moro consonant with the ideas to which we' have been accustomed from child I'liood, foV us to, appreciate' tho motive of I'^end ing; the souls of 'jiving creatux-es as. messengers or servants to the ? gods, than of offering them mere food and drink. Yet,, aa I have said;,, ,' there is ? no definite, lino' Jof ;de marcaiaon in the. mind of - men in a very early stage, of education, . on ' the ,'Pne hand between th'o, offerings to the spirits of the Sead and those . i to Pther spirits,. or on the other'hand between'i : the saorifico1 of 'animate 'creatures and of inani '. mate things.. The gods ? ,bf the ,Khpnds' of' : Orissa, says; ', Majoiv .Maop'hei^pn^^hay^,' bddjps , of human form, but . of ?- ethereal : texture, and their food (among otheir things) consists in the'. f flayers and, essences drawn, fvpja'. the offerings' ? of their votaries. WhothoKor, not liliesq icon-, secratod meats' become 'poor and flavorless -to tho tasto when the spirits h(dyp;tliu8.deybured' thoir souls, tdonot know, but oven this idea has boon reoordod as found in existence Bomia where. . ? ; ?' : ;?.? ' '? ? '? '; ?'? ?? ? , ' Ambmcan Patjtehn .Locomotives hdyobeea oi\lored in England to a- considerable ' extent . for foreign railways, and one large 'firia has - lately gone into tb.9 manufao'tavo oi ;' moh ongiuos. =^ - 