The members of the X Y Z Club gave an entertainment in the Theatre Royal, last night, in aid of the Launceston Free and In. dostrial Sohool Assoination. The upper circle and pit were tolerably well filled, and the dre'r circle crowd, d. The sight beheld in the latter part of the building alone was worth all the money. The performance commenced with the comodietta styled "To Delo raine and Back." This piece had been thoroughly-localised by the Club, and the hits were telling and well appreciated. The names of the various actors are not given; it would, therefore, be useless to particularise the performance. It will be sallicient to say that the various parts were well sustained, and the piece as a whole gave great satisfaction. During the interlude the orchestra rendered several pieces of music in a really artistic manner, but it was not to be wondered at, as it was led by a professional of gool standing and some of our best amateur musicians. Before' the curtain' rose for the. presentation of the second part Mr. A Harrap President of the Free School, appeared before the curtain. He said he could not allow soch a favorable opportunity to pass , without thanking the Olub for the valuable and timely assis tance it had rendered to the school association on three occasions. He regretted to say that without that assistance the labors of the Committee could not have been carried on. They were now "£70 in debt, and their operations had beer. suspended for a while in consequence of the want of fends. He hoped that the affairs of the school being thus prominently brought under the notice of the publie, would be the cause of its receiving that atten. tion and support it' deserved. It must be patent to everyone that such an in stitution did a vast amount of good to the town, as it was the means of reclaiming many children, who in a few years would be useful members of society (applause). The second part of the entertainment con sisted of" Alonzo the Brave, or Faust and the Fair Imogenea" The programme not inaptly styles it "tragical, comical, demoniacal, and whatever.else-you-like-to-call-it burlesque." Such it really is, but it is of course a burlesque of the opera of Fast in the main. The beautiful music of the original was not attempted, except in one case. A faint ef fort was made to give the Concerto In fernal. The chorus was, as might have been expected-only the ghost of one. However the nondescript piece was well gout up and esus. tained with spirit throughout, withouta single bitch. Alonzo, one of Faust's pupils and a Captainof theDirtyFirstVoluntoerCorpswas a warrior of killing appearance. The dress he wore was very pretty and bright. The per. son who sustained it made a gallant knight, and we are sure captivated many. Dr. Faust, X. Y. Z., A B. 0., professor of Mad. dleberg dollege, was . personated with good judgment, and to make the farce complete a very short man was chosen, while the Imogene, instead of being fair, was a tall, round, bronze faced '" gal " with a 'black moustache. The programme ironically says she is e "the fair," par excellence. Mephistopheles, "a oha raeter without one," was snataine I by a gentle man who knows how to do such things.' He is a perfect Old Nick. But when he appeared on the stage there was such a roar. No one ever saw such "understandings" before. They could be compared to nothing else than a brace of elongated esoulents of a red color- not those styled "Short-horns." Sybel was executed in a very natural manner, in fact to the life. He is described as a simple youth, the current of whose thoughts flow in the direction of jam. Dame Martha, Imogene's nurse and guardian, and a very pretty young woman, was admirably acted. Her buddice was yellow gl:z .d calico, her crinoline lessskirt chintz furniterocotton. and herbonnot like an 'inverted coat scuttle. She made. love to the "Old Gentleman" in a very winning way, but like all bachelors he resisted her amorous advances. He did muster up courage enough to kiss her, and when he was "caught in the act" his head was lost to view. Mephistopheles gets off his promise to marry Dame Martha, and thereby stays an action for " breach of promise of marriage" by agreeing to lot Dr. Faust off his Plutonic contract "sealed and signed" if he will marry the dame. As the least of two evils he takes her in preference to the brimstone and the dame herself consents with blushes, of course. Mephistopheles returns to the realms of Dis, Alonzo is wedded, and the scene appropriately ends in blue fire. The main parts were well sustained, and on the curtain falling the applause was deafening. ExAMINATrINo ron ExnnrITIONs.- The ex amination of candidates for exhibitions from public to superi r schools under t' o Board of Education commenced on Monday at the Central hobool-room, Liverpool street, and is expected to extend over three days. The ex amination is being conducted by the Ilevs. Messrs. R. D. Hart is, and J.Buckland. Thereare twenty-eight candidates for examination in Hobart Town, and six in Launceston. The subjects and hours ol examination are as ful lows:-Monday, 9-30 to 12"30, Goography; 2 to 5 History. Tuesday. 9'30 to 12"30, Eng lish Grammar and Language; 2 to 6 Arith. itetic. Wednesday, 9"30 to 12"30, Dictation, Reading, and Penmanship; 2 to 5 Euclid and Algebra. Wa observe that at a sde of ,unters at MIr. George Watson's bazaar, Melbourue, on 19thl instant, Mr. Coker's Topper was sold for £85. BONsu?Ts made from tle skin of tse cobra di capello, and ladies' mntffa made of vultore-down are among [the articles sent from the Caps of Good Hlope to the Paris Exhilioee. 