The Victorian Turf. ? ! Turf GTcjssip,-By Playooy. j WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON,-Tho betting market still I continues in a rory depressed state, speculation being j quito dormant, and any small ventures on tho Iiannces- ; ton Champion Baco aro so circumscribed, that the book- j makers, fearing their inability to get round, are careless to operate to any extont. Out of tho fourteen horses at , present in tho raco, not ono-half are enquired after, and, ? with the exception oí Strop, all tho betting is confined to | Mr Fisher's and Mr Tait's stables. Volunteer now that ho has again made his appearance on the training ground . looking fresh and vf ell, and going Uko a bird, is a greater favourito than over, and evon money, what little thoro is left, is all that can bo drawn out of tho layers. This de- cided favouritism keeps down the demand for the others, and Strop is tho only ono that holds his own in tho market ; his prico cannot now bo quoted at moro than 5 to 1. Smuggler is now quito knocked out, although he may rovivo again bofore the day, as I hear ho is to bo seen taking walking exorciso at Maribyrnong, and ho was in vory good form before being blistered, it wont take many gallops to moko him all sereno again. Fishhook and Seagull aro looking remarkably well, the former doing strong work ; tho moro ho does, tho higher ho rises in tho estimation of his friends, and ho is nibbled at for small amounts at 6 to 1. A stray shot is now and thon firod at tho Sydnoy Gold Cup, which race was operated on pretty freely after tho weights came out, but since then backers havo boen taking a pull at them- selves, as on consideration tho certainties which woro at first jumped on don't look quito so rosy ; it is not such an oaBy matter "to prick tho garter" in ono of Mr lackey's handicaps. Mr Filgato and Mr Pearson havo divided tho talk nmongat Turf gossipers this weok.- Tho former seems 1 determined not to cavo in to the Ballaarat stewards. I wonder what will bo tho next oct in tho drama? Will tho club como down upon him, or will thoy shelvo his reply by taking it into consideration this day twelve months ? I hopo this lattor course will bo adopted ; tho club can gain nothing by taking further notico of tho matter. I observo that not only tho Canterbury peoplo, in Now Zealand, having boon holding thoir Turf jubileo; but that tho Hokitikians wore not satisfied with their thrco advertised days on which they enjoyod excellent sport, but thnt tho leading Turfites mot on tho evening of tho last day, and subscribed £600 between thom for a fourth day's amusement, and that Mr Bicker Hamilton, who acts tho'Great Mogul amongst thom, was presented on tho stago of tho thoatro with a purso containing SO sovs for his services in bringing tho meeting off so successfully. Tho Kelson peoplo, not to bo behindhand with their neighbours, havo intimated their intontion to givo next year a Nelson Cup of 500 sovs addod to a sweep of £20 each. Verily they aro a go-ahead peoplo in tho Maori country ! I am told by a gontletnan, well capablo of forming an opinion, and who was present ot tho Canterbury races, that tho wholo business was con- ducted most ably, that tho grand stand might vio with that at Ascot, and that tho turf is laid down with English grass. Tho railway convoys tho peoplo to within half a milo of tho course, tho horses looked well and in splendid condition, and tho racing throughout was ex- cellent. Botting and racing men from all parts of tho country wcro present, and transactions both numerous and oxtonsivo woro eutored into. Lloro is nn oponing for somo of tho surplus stock which wo have at prcsont in tho ring. Thcro is a good deal of business going on nt tho train- ing ground in tho mornings-horses doing thoir gallops and sweats, gotting up tho muscio for forthcoming en- gagements. It would have been a caution to layers against Volunteer had they seen tho old horso stride along tho other morning. Ho would go in spito of tho boy on his back, and Sam looked as whito as a ghost whon, aftor all his roaring to stop him, ho saw tho veteran tearing along at a pneo fast cnonghto win a dozen Champion races, running rightjiway from-; but that would bo "tellings," and interfering with tho business of tho touts. By tito by, what has becomo of them? I should havo imagined tho present an excellent oppor- tunity for displaying their talents; but perhaps tho hours aro unseasonable for BUCII gentry. It is a fino healthy recreation to get up nt four o'clock in tho morning, and inako ono's way to tho Racccourso Hotel, and onjoy a cup of coffee, with a slight sensation of tigor's milk in it, and eeo ali that is going on upon tho racecourse Ono can pick up a thing or two about tho horses j anyhow, ono is certain, at all ovents, to pick up an appctito for breakfast. Now that trainers aro again nt work I would suggest to tho trustons that a few loads moro tan laid thinly over tho present running ground would bo very serviceable ; what has already been dono has been of incalculable benefit to tho horses taking their exerciso lately. I hear cvoryono speaking of tho grent improvomont tho thin coating of tan laid lins effected on tho truck ; and a slight replenishing, which could bo done at a trilling cost, would keep tho courso in a state all that could ba wished for. Mr Fisher will positively sell his racehorses and yoarlings aftor tho V.B..O. Autumn Meeting. 