THE WRECK OP THK JOHN WILLIAMS. \\-e nave ueen iavoureu oy tne Kev. jonn Gardner with the follow'r g very interesting account of the wreck of the missionary hanjuc John Williams. The account is written bv the K'.'v j unamiers, one ot tne missionaries wno was on Iward of the vessel when she went ashore. The letter is dated 2-iua or Savage Island. January 2'J, 1*17 :- 'On the 3rd instant we made this island after rather a rough passage of three weeks from Mare. We were nine u ivs without the sun, and so sailing amonjist dangerous reefs by dt a 1 reckoning, bus we hal p'euty of wind. With the exception of .Mr. and Mr.«. Davics (Mrs. Davies not being well) we all came ashore to see Mr. Lawes, the missionary on the island. I expected to return the same even inc. but was prevailed upon to wait and return the following -!av with the others. When we came ashore the wind «as blowing off the land, so there was not so much surf ou the reef over which we must pass on getting to the land. Landiu/ hera is generally very dillkulr, and at times impossible. The reef fioes ri;,r!it round the island. The boat generally waits outride the reef, then a canoe t:ikes yi.u up to the breaker, where btron^ men are ready as the surf recedes, and before another wave conies to sua:ch you from the cauoe and harry you over the coral on their backs. For ladies is is not pleasant, but I rather euj-iycd ir. ' Uurinj,' tha night the wind changed to the N.W., blowing on '.he land, aid rem.umng more or less until the following 'l'ues.iay. the Stb, when there was a nice breeze blowing oil' the laiuL All iutercour.-e with the vessel was debarred, there being a fearfully heavy swell breaking on the reef. On Tuesday the remainder of Mr. Lawcs's good3 were lai-'cd by the canoe*, and the captain was .'.shore iraking .irraiueineiit-i fur buying produce from the natives the following day, when, too, he hoped to leave for Apia. You inu-t Kiiuw there is no anchorage here— the ship lies oH'aiid on. In the afternoon, after getting into the b -ats taro, yam?, encoanuts, kc, presents Irom the natives, the caDtam, -irs. Wi liams. Miss Williams, daughter of H.B M.-'onsul at. Api;i, and ourselves, left for the ship, and were soon on board, (.-lad to he once more in our little cabin. Soon the Imats were dis chu'get! and on the davit?, and we holding well out to fea for the night. There wa- a nice breath of wind from the land, but a very htavy swell drawing ou it. Alnut 7 p.m., or a little ufier, il fell cal.n, but being so far out. and the current in our favour, we felt no alarm until about a quaiu-r to 8; and while at family worship Mr. Turpie called nil hands ou deck, and had the whakhuut manned and sent ahull to tow; btill we felt no alarm for the ship, as we seemed to have plenty of room. The ship no* did not answer her holm, :md on throwing a piece of paper overboard Ehe was noticed tti.l to go astern. The pinnate was next s.nit. ahead, and then the gig. The 6ai's wenj trimmed every few minutes to catch every pjssible breath of wind; but all bad no efiect-u was a calm. The Miip that rode the channel g.de, and seemed to bid defi nice to wind and wave, well handled by an cxcclStnt captain and crew, in a calm is powerless. Kvtry eifirt put forth was of no avail; by a heavy swell and in a calm she is driven a-tern, although three lioats well-masned ae ahead pulsing, and a current supposed to be running out to s-ta. We met for prayer in the i-aioon, committed the ehip and our all into the bunds of Him who keept-th Israel, and who never slumbers or sleeps, llo.kets are lircd, blue lights are burned, so a-s to warn the people ashore of the danger we are in. The night v.a; densely dark. n e Inu on l-oard au--ut 70 souis. Closer and closer we set to tlie reef; already it may be seen by tiie white surf, and its roar seems a* if close— .'cry close to u-1. The ladies are warned to get together valuable?, ani the gig is ordered along si'!e, into which the ladies are hurried; r. Lw valuables being collected, and put into p small tag orb.i:kcr, wi:h scarcely a change of raiment, f.^r r.o-.v all is hurry, yet without cmfasi.n. The ca; tain seems heartbroken, yet gives his orders with calmness. Ait r tlu gig left the other boats were ordered alongside, into which men. woiiien, a;i.l children got without one single a-.-cident. 1 \ve:it below and looked in each of the cabins, and having fuu.d some few things I put them on dock with the others, so as to be ready to throw into the pinnace. Again I went below, ami for the list time visited our cabin, to us a sacred spjt. I felt h a'he to leave, yet I iinist. God only knows the ag-iiiy of that parting. I parted as wi.h a tle.ir Ijviiig friend. bL'fide whose deathbed I had stood. I »(-t o'l deck and harried tJ the pinnace, which was the las-t boat. The back swell of the reef is :d.cady felt, and every miuute is precious. Mr. Tarpie s-)on followed me into the pinnace, and ths rope was then c.it away. We lay oif with the f.tlier busts but hal not long to wait when the lari|tte struck. It was now after 11 p.m. We tou'.d see her well, from every stitch of canva3 bf ing set. the lights in the saljou. and the white surf breaking upon her. 'In the hurry everything we m-:ant to put in the iwiU was left on the poop. It now began to rain, and it rained in torrctits— the cisterns seemed turned upside down. We now had several miles :o p ill before we got to the mi«ioii-itatio:i. Lights were airtady t-cen moving along the coast, and near to where the ship struck. Messrs. Lawes, Watson. Saviile, and our carpenter who were ushon: ('he carpenter for the market the foikr.ving uwrniiig), were now ab''Ut, and the natives were lighting fires aid burning torclie--, as they best cuuld, notwithstanding the (Irca.lful tumuts of lain. About 3 o'clock we reached out idc- the reef, near to Mr. Luwes's hou-p, aid woul I have remained thern till ilayli?ht Ind it not b-en for t'la r::in and cold. All inside the butf natives were staiding with torchc-, anl a cinoc cauie off to iu-, cne native with a lighted torch in it, keeping thd rain from putting it out bj holding an umbrella over it. if ow the canoe bega'i to bring our passengers ashore, being asai^t^d l»y another double canoe. Bv half-past 4 all were ashore, and in A! r. Lawes's house, clothes changed, and in warm beds, the native teach-.rs, their wives and families going with the native? of the bland. Some only chan?cd their clothes and waite-1 for moininz light to take them to the spot where the ship struck, if they might find anything lying ab-ut. -Mi reaching there the ship was found lifted clean up ou the reef, and a fearful surf breaking upon lur, threatening to send her to pieces every niiuut-j. ( letting on board was very dangerous, yet the natives managed well by banding together. Mr. Tur;-ie and Mr. Geldes weiit on boarJ, an 1 cut away the mizenmasf. which wns of wood. I also went on board. The things left on the poop the night before were ta'ten iu-hori', but nit before the packages were opened and looked into, so that we might; get some of the things if the heavy onei could not be landed. -o II tTth3 lllt«»l Uil'a aill«»O«l, 1MIG 1* llcllr J'U UlUt IU1 the next of her may bi a thousand pieces. Vet she stood it, and now she is on the reef, her back broken, her ir-ans away, and she looks an awful siglit. Very ht'.le of the cargo has been sived, the tide rising and falling in her so; a; it has l«sn expressed by one of the natives—' l he torch of tte seas has gone out on yonder point.' Wa cannot tell why; but well we know our Fa' her ilse? right. For the captain anl Mrs. Williams my hea-t bleeds. They are beloved by a'l the missioi;ari:s and tlv'ir wives. A better man a» navigator and Christian could not be found. His brart is in the work, and wai in the ship, too. He wai proud of tcr, a.n-l well he inisht be. He returns home sad atid difaipointed, hut with tiie knowledge that he did bis duty. It w.is no srna 1 work fur him anl his olh'eers to pave 70 souls in a dense da;k night, with a heavy swell, and s?- many children a-nnuzcl them. I think the Colonial Committee nuslit to do something for u«. 1 know your influence in the Adelaide Committee, aud therefore mention ir. ' We are no', at all discouraced. We mu?t go on. We have lost all we took from England, and the few things we have got are those we had in our cabin, andob.ained in the colonies; others are iu the same case. Of course we must get some more things before we can settle on our islands. The ship is insured for £9,990, the cargo for £1.(03. and es'h of us in £250.* Captain Williams has los-t a 'rent many things; Mrs. Williams s irae valuable trinkets. But no life lost. To God be all the glorv. *' I write this in a very great hurry. We are here r«i ?oners of hope, waiting day af er day, hoping for seme ship to come and take information to the Consul in Apia, so that he may charter a vessel and get us away from here. With Mr. Lawes we are comfortable ; they are very kind and hospitable ; yefwft want to get to work. February 4. A schooner came in. Mate coes to Sam»a to see Consul. You will hear result by end-t'y. 'Farewell. DearunUed love to all- hope you are all welL I cannot read the letter over. ' Very sincerely yours, 'JasesChalheus. ' A biby of Mr. f'aufle*3 was buried at sea. Mr. Davies's baby not expected to live. ?*' J. C. *If. is feared that the time fjr which the mis sionaries1 goods were insured had expired before the wreck took place, so that they lose all.'' Roman Catholic Chapel at Marbabel— The foundation-stone of the Koman Catholic Chapel was hid on Sunday, July 14. The Kev. Father Smyth, from Ade'aide, preached a very able and suitable sermon for the occasion. After theserrice he laid the foundation-stone. About 300 persons were present. The-day being inclined to be wet prevented a great many from coming from a distance. The subscriptions received amounted tn about £99. The proceeding was closed about 1 o'clock. Rohas Catholic Church, tTucABOO.— The WalUtreo Times says :— ' The laying of the foun dation-Mnne of the Koman Catholic Church took place last Sunday (21st) A large cone urse oi persons assembled to witness the ceremony, in cluding many from Kadina and Mooote. Mass was said in the wooden chapel in the doming. S! o tJy after its conclusion, a little before noos, the Very Kev. J.. Smyth, the Rsv. Mr. Bejuolds, and the Rev. Mr. Kennedy issu.d from the ckapeL and, preced-ad by lads habited ia white and beating holv water sad ihe Bible, proceeded to the weskm end of the Bite of the Deer edifice, wheceairookn cross had been elected, and .offered prarer. The; then walked to the -eastern .end, and. ctandin liefoie the foimdatioa-stone, -wited the Nathalie litany and rttar tfoaas^ $x%*£. After tXs & bottle was placed ia-a cavity of the stone on which , the founds tion-stoce wn to rest, containing a parch ment, ia which was written the facts usually in- I scribed on such documents. The ston-j wsr then blessed in accordance with the rites of the Catholic Church, and having been deposited in its place by Messrs. Kerrisen and Phillips, the Rev. Mr. Smyth, touching it with a silver trowel, pronouueed it laid in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. After some other formalities had been observed, the Rev. Mr. Smyth mounted « platform under a canoD.v, which had been im provised of canvas and pine branches, reading from the 1st to the 11th verses, inclusive, of the 1st ch3p. of Malachi, and taking those portions of Scripture as the basis of his di-course, he proceeded to deliver a sermon that was characterizsd by much eloquence, fervour, and impressiveness. Un the couclusion of the sermon it was announced that contributions would lw received towards the buildin.' fund. Subwriptions at once were handed in rapidly, aud in a short time there was collected upwards of £140. We understand that about£250 li.ii! la-pn nrprinnulv pontributed to the fund.' Uible Christian Chapel, Marrabel— On Tuesday, July Iti. the foundation-stone of the Bible Christian Chapel of this place was laid. The Kev. Mr. Eock. of Auburn, w s to have laid the stone, but through having special meetings at Auburn re could not attend; and Mr. Oldliam, sen., of Kapunda, laid the stone, after which he delivered an address to about 250 persons. The day being delightfully tine induced a great many to attend. Tea was provided in the schoolroom, and ihe tables were well filled three times. A public meeting was held— Mr. Polkinjihorne in the chair. It was severally adlressed by I'evs. Hancock and Hill; also Messrs. Oldiiam, Rock, Johnston, and Danstan. Collections during the dav, including the tea. amounted to £11 14s. 4-i. Primitive Methodism at Tuxgkillo. -The Primitive Methodists opened their new chapel in this neighbourhood on the 7th July, when eloquent sermons were preached in the morn ing and evening by ths Kev. A. Pithouse. and in the afternoon by the Eev. James Koddick. Un Monday a public tea meeting took plac?, at which a great number of persons must have par taken, the tables being filled three times. In the evening a public meeting was held, presided over by Mr. N. M. Howard. Stirring addresses were delivered by the Rev3. A. I'ithouse ( ninister of ihe circuit) and — Sw.hi (Wesieyan.) The Revs. Roddick and Clayfield were also exn:cted to have addressed the meeting, but o.ving to unforseen circumstances were prevented from being present. Votes o-' thanks were given to tlie ladies for pro viding the tea, as also for collecting for the lamps, pulpit cushion, aud bell; to the trustees of the school for their kindness in granting the use oi ths schoolroom for a considerable time, and to the Chairman, &c;, Ac. Primitive Methodists, LAxnuor.xE's Creek. —The foundation-stone of a Primitive Methodist Chapel wa3 Liid at the ab*ve-named place on Mon day. July S. at half-past 3 p.m., by Mesdames Johnson and Hooper. The ceremony was con ducted by the Uev. Wm. Jenkin. A copy of the daily Rcghcr, a Primitire Mclksdist Record, and a document eoatainiug information ou several matter?, were deposited under the stone, and it was then duly laid. A short address by the liev. Wm. Jenkin closed the interesting ceremony. The friends ihen retired to the old l.'hapel, where a sumptuous tea was provided by the ladies, after which a pub'.ic meeting was hell, presided'over by Mr. Samuel Stanton. and addressed bv Messrs. EfU-arils, uo'ding, Storr, Pope, anil Jenkin. Ihe speech of Mr. U'm. Storr, which lasted more than an hour in delivery, was very amusing, interesting, arid instructive. The proceeds toward the Chapel Fund at the close of these services amounted to nearly £70. Tne Chapel is to l-e 24 ft. in wi'lth, 31 ft.'iu length, and 15 ft. from 11 or to ceiling; in Cothie style: and will be an ornament to thi place when finished. The contractor is .Mr. J. i-edunary, ari'l tlie architect Mr. Stephen Tonkin. ClIAPHL-UP. SIXG AT liLINMAN MlSE. — The chapel at this place was opened on the 2-frd and 24th June. 'Ihere -are pjir.ts of peculiar intetest about it, a; there is not another place of worship within loO milc3, nor any Christian missionary travelling the country north of Mount Remarkable. The attendance at the Sunday anil Monday evening services was such : s astonished the olde.-t settlers —not less than V2') persons sat, down to a sump tuous tea generously provided by Mia ladies of the Bhnman and neighbourhood. The order of the services was as follows:— Un the Sunday two sermons were preached by Rev. J. P. Buttfiehl, wh', fortunately for us and his horses, him lieu'ii prevented, owing to ihe loss nf the latter at Mount Freeling. from prosecuting his Ions anil arduous journeys o l behalf of ihe aborigines. The congregation averaged TJ to S(J persons, who 'listened w.th the utmost attention and decorum. Un the following day tea was provided in the chapel nt4p.m. and at 0'.:$0 a public noting was held; Mr. H. C. S«-an, S.M., in the chair. The following gentlemen took part in the proceedings:— -Messrs. J. F. Utit fi.-ld (I'rotect-i'ir of Aborigines), Capt. Thoj. Anthouv, R. G. La-vran;e. J. H. Tre»qrrow, and ('apt. Tonkin, from Xoail'.inga. The building is 2S f^et long by IS feet wide, anl is intended to be used fiT religious ami sieubr purposes, such as s-cho'-lroom, lecture-room, &c.; The Secretary read t!ie Treasurer's account for the cost of the erection of the b 'ilding. which showed a credit balance of £l 2- Cd. The fi' titsss, ice. of the chapel ate rMinirited to cost £70 more, which sum has been lileruily a-ul spontaneously provided by the inhabi tants and gentlemen interested in the lilmman Mine. A harmonium has been purchased, which will aid veiy much to the attrition --f the cha;-el. N£\V WksLEVAXCHCKCH IN ?HUTU ADELAIDE. —A meeting of the sea; holders of tha I'irie-stiect ('hurch (?.?onvened 1-y circitl-r) w;is held in il:e Wesli-van Lecture Hall c-n Friday evening, July 1!). Aboui lit) persans were ice-etU. 'Ihe Rev. J. U. Mill '.rd preM'lei!, and stated tint tltc erection of nn 'additionr.l Wt-i-leyan 'Miuicii in the city hid lung been cnntcmp'atei1, and that the Trustees had resolved to proceed with the building of the same on the sit-i a-!j.'i:iin:r the ^unda* -Schoolroom in li'ilbcrt-itreei. i'ians of t!ie proposed structure w-.-re submitted to the nieeung ::nd much admit cd. The stun of £1,050 was at on.-e tir.miiseu, ami a l-:';:iar projected by the ladies in furtherance of the oi'Jecr. Ths meeting was most harmonious, and la-i'lv contributed to tlie obje-ct in view. City il!ssiox.-O.i Tlnwd.-.y evttiin?, July 25, a inee:i:ig wis held in tlu 1'rosbyicricin Church, l''Iindcr«-5treet, for the purpose if inau.Juratiug the Adelaide Citv Mi:?s!(-p. Th-:iu was a la-ge attfad.itH--.'. and Mr. N. liiy:h p;c-idcd. The R.-v. J;.s. Lyi'l e\\*pl.iiucd tha r:rrai;giinent3 it was proposed to make, staling that iir. II. licrry had li'i'n pinnlnvpil :is Their a -rnt for thi! minion, lip e.xp!:ii!ic.l that Mr. I'erty h:i 1 beea connected with the Scottish Coast Mis-ion for upwardaof 12 years, and appeared to have la'ioureil with cons'.derabli; su-xojS ainong tha people, lie hud been engaged on bis arrival in town by the Committee at a salary of £iSri a year, which amount had Ueen promised, aaJ which he thought there would be no dilihulty in racing among th-j Churches that would take an interest in the movement. The following rcsr.ltt tion was carried unanimously :— ''That this in ct i;:g is of opinion that the Society to be now formed be callc I the Adelaide City Mission, with the fol lo-ving constitution (titles rea' ). aud the followiug otliccrs for the year: -Secretary, the Rev. Jas. Lyall; Treasurer, Mr. Jas Steele; Committee, the Revs. F. W. Cox. C. W. Evan, J. (Jarlner, R. llaining, J. Jefferis, U. Stonehousc, J. Way, J. H. Wright, Messrs. J. AbboV, A. Adamson, N. Bl»th, J M. Dowie, M. 'Jo^le, C. II. Goode, A. «Jore. T. McHoa'1, J. McEvin, D. Murray, G. Phillii*. 0. K Richardson, D. RoUn. C. S:rym gour, J. SloU, ii. S. Wigg. nnd C. 15. Young. '? It was announced that Mr. (5. F. Angas had ma-Je a dumtion of £M to ths object. ' The South Austua^iax Bible Christian Macazise.'— We have had forvatded to in the first number of this periodical, which is published by JIr. Sha.vyer. an.l is under the editorship of the Rev. J. Way. It is intended to appear quarterly, and to be the organ of the I'ible Christians iu South Australia. The lirst number is well g--t up, and contains a considerable quantity of readaMc matter, original and selected. After a short intni ductury address to the readers explanatory of its aims nnd o'-jecU, we have an ordination charge to a young minister by the l.'ditor, papers on temper ance, obilua-y notices, poetry, ' catliered leaver'' or selections, reviews, and religious inteiiigence. Tiie work is, of course, specially addressed t - the body by whom it ba-s been originated, anil it will doubtless command a good sale amongst them. 