CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION OF TASMANIA. The General Council of the Congregational Union commenced its sittings on Tuesday morning, at the school-room of Brisbane-street Congregational Chapel, at ten o'clock. ThoCiiAiuMAN,'thoItov. C. Price, of Launceston, commenced the proceedings by reading a portion of' Scripture, the Rev. G. Clarke offered prayer. The Chairman read an excellent address, in which he first greeted the pastors, and office bearers of the re presented churches of the Union, and vividly sketched the changed aspects of religious ordinances in general, and of Congregationalism in particular, (since his settlement in the colony. Referring to the principles of that community he said "the Congregational body has not been unmindful of its responsibility, as holding distinctive principles, or of its duties to its brethren in newly located and scattered districts. Efforts have been made to locate ministers in situations, where their influence and teaching would be most efficiently employed. In some cases, those now interests have called for great personal sacrifices in the ministers undertaking the charge, and a consecration to the arduous work which could only be sustained by the purest motives, and sincere desires, that God should be glorified." Having paid a graceful tribute to the departed pioneers of the voluntary principle in this country, he continued : "The difficulties in a new country of organizing self-sustaining churches are very great. All true and scriptural principles advance but slowly ; yet such is their character that they gradually overcome all obstacles." He spoke of the length of time necessary for the growth of great principles, and the need of care ful teaching scriptural, conscientious, earnest in order that the churches of the Union might be fully qualified for their work. " To minister to. churches formed upon those principles requires maturity of mind, spirituality of character, perfect sympathy with the truth, and a consecration to the work most entire-men full of faith, and of the Holy Ghost." The rev. gentleman spoke of the necessity of co-operation on the part of churches and deacons, in order to give efficiency to the voluntary system, which depends upon truth, spirituality, and self con- secration for its ultimate success." After other remarks upon the office of deacon, the address touched upon church life-the need of faith, purity, discipline, unity. The present was characterised as one of great important to the Congregational body, and motives were urged for renewed consecra- tion, a closer union to the Saviour, and simple loving utterance of the great doctrines of the cross. The chairman concluded his address in the following words :-" Being deeply and solemnly impressed with the position our churches occupy on account of our distinctive polity, and looking at the work we believe to be assigned to them by the Great Master, I feel that this meeting needs very special grace and. wisdom in its deliberations, that they may issue in lasting benefit. May the mind of Christ in all the plenitude of his meekness and wisdom so graciously given to us; may the light of these truths which are revealed by the Holy Spirit shine upon each mind, and may the all-pervading love of God stimulate every desire and utterance in our assembly." A vote of thanks having been given to the chairman for his address, the minutes of the last general committee were read. The report of the executive committee was then read as follows: REPORT OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. At the last meeting of the Congregational Union, hold at Hobart Town in June 1860, it was thought expedient to revise its constitution. For several years before, the public meetings of the Union had been held at irregular intervals, and for a while had been entirely suspended. It was felt that the objects it embraced were not sufficiently practical and de- fined to enlist the hearty sympathy of our churches. Moreover the separation of our home missions into northern and southern! appeared on many accounts to be undesirable, and it was thought that our missionary agency throughout the colony should come more directly under the general supervision of the body. The committee of the Union, and the Colonial Missionary Society met for deliberation, and the result was that the two societies were incorporated into one association, under the designation of " The Congregational Union and Mission of Tasmania." in constitution and objects were defined, rules were laid down for the guidance of its affairs, and the following churches were recognised as being included in its organization Hobart Town : Brisbane-street, Davey-street, Bathurst-street. New Town, Pontville, Green Ponds, Bream Creek, Carlton, Franklin, Victoria. Launceston: Tamar-street, St. John's square, the Forth, Leith. The chief objects of the Union is the preaching of the gospel in those parts of the colony which are destitute of the means of grace, and there are many bush districts which, but for the labors of this society, would be wholly neglected. its particular objects are thus defined in the insitution," section 3 4. To promote the spread of the Gospel. 2. To cultivate brotherly love and co-operation among the associated churches. 3. To diffuse information on the principles of the Congregational body. 4, To obtain statistics relative to the condition and work of the churches. fi. To establish Formal correspondence with other churches fund i!!0I1î' J?' a a"ddress, when expedient, a circular letter to the churches of the union. 7. To bring into we colony accredited Congregational ministers, to OMoato young men for the ministry, and to employ away preachers. 8. To maintain our civil rights. during the last your two young brothers have been called to ministerial charges in the colony. The t~ ,Wator<1°kl felt that on account of advanced years and growing infirmities, it would be better for S 1° "*"?» from the pastoral oversight of the MI « v Grogan 10yds' and resigned his office min- i ' nno(v well had DOOn Studying for the very '? f,onn»otion with our body applied the vacant pulpit for some time, and has not been from mVMn -to the charge- Application was made to your committee some months since to arrange for Z"i;llninW1'ormillrooo8nition s" Aster of the church but it was thought advisable to defer the 2Ll°r a time' find U is now referred to the ministers present at the union I intA.08a!w'ííni,dobytho friends worshipping Arts Kangaroo Point, Clarence Plains, me off' to a church in., Davey-street, to connect themselves in branch unions with that ,w>«wn, in consequence of what' implication, was made to the council of Camden College in New South Wales, and on their recommendation Sir. James Maxwell undertook the charge of these stations for six months in association with the Rev. G. Clarke. Mr. Maxwell has now accepted the invitation of Davey-street church to become assistant minister to the pastor, with the special and permanent charge of the stations referred to. It is proposed to hold a service to-morrow evening for the public recognition of Mr. Maxwell as a minister of our body. Since our last public meeting a new chapel has been built at Clarence Plains, and opened for public worship. The Revs. G. Clarke, W. C. Robinson, and J. Nisbet took part in the opening services, and the building was occupied free of debt. A church has been founded at the small settlement of Geeves Town on the Huon, and it is hoped that it will exercise a good influence on the surrounding districts. The stations have been visited on the Sabbath by ministers from town, and services hold. The Rev. W. 0. Robinson visited Carlton and Bream Creek in the early part of this year, and reported that the con- gregations were good, and the mission among them in a prosperous condition. Mr. Robinson also spent a week at the Huon, preaching on Sunday at Franklin and Victoria, and attending meetings at each of the stations on the river during the week. The Rev. J. Nisbet visited Richmond and Cambridge, but owing to the inclemency of the weather the congregations were not large at either place. At Kangaroo Point in the evening there was a good congregation. Mr. Maxwell has also visited Carlton and Bream Creek, and Mr. Clarke has visited Orielton and Sorell and the Causeway. There appears to be room for missionary effort in this district, and it is desirable to do something if a suitable missionary can be obtained. For this desirable object H. Hopkins, Esq., has guaranteed £200 per annum to the Union for three years. The following is a list of the preaching stations regularly supplied by the -mission including Mr. Maxwell in the southern part of the colony : Richmond, Cambridge, Clarence Plains, Muddy Plains, Kangaroo Point, Carlton, Bream Creek, the Causeway, Franklin, Victoria, Geeves Town, and Shipwrights' Point. Besides these there have been occasional services by the mission at Pontville, Bagdad, Sorell, Prosser's Plains, Spring Bay, Peppermint Bay, Long Bay, and Little Oyster Cove. It is to the zeal and labor of the travelling secretary, of Mr. Whiting at the Huon, and of lay teachers, who are almost all members of our churches in town, that the mission owes the constant supply of fourteen stations, on an average, every Sunday. There are twenty stations in all, of which a report will be given by the travelling secretary, Mr. Dear, at the public meeting on Thursday evening. We feel that the voluntary sacrifice and labor of our brethren is an occasion for much thankfulness and that their cordial reception in the country dis- tricts more than justifies the policy of having large recourse to lay agency. A good deal of work is done, and done well ; a change, for the better has been brought about in the tone of many districts, and on the score of economy the plan has much to recommend it. (A detailed exposition of the work of the mission will be submitted by Mr. Dear to the social meeting on Thursday.) The committee have nothing very definite to' report on the subject of young men studying for the ministry. A series of rules were passed to facilitate the course of any who might apply through their pastors for instruction. One of the students, Mr. F. Piesse, has been compelled to give up his studies for a while on account of ill-health, which is, however, improving; while another, Mr. E. Cox, who on a similar account left the college about five years ago, has expressed a wish to resume his studies, his health being fully established. The manner in which the studies have been pursued during the year is highly satisfactory. The question of State-aid to churches has engaged the attention of the Union, and a sub-committee was appointed to take such steps as might be thought desirable in the matter. There are many not connected with our churches who are willing to cooperate with us in obtaining the abolition of State aid. The committee judged that it would not be prudent for us as a body to take upon action on this subject; nor is it necessary, since an association has been formed, wholly independent of this Union, for the express purpose of obtaining the abolition of State-aid for ecclesiastical purposes. This association is now working quietly, but we believe effect ivory. Statistical forms have been prepared under the direction of your committee, and copies sent to the various churches ; but as the returns are not complete a correct report of the condition of the several churches cannot be presented. Your committee, however, can state with confidence, and they do so with thankfulness to the Giver of all Blessing, that there has been an increase during the year in the number of churches and communicants, and also of pastors and lay agents. Encouraged by the past, the committee urge the members of the Union the labor on in faith, perseverance, and unity to be always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that their labor is not in vain in the Lord. The Treasurer's report showed an income for mission purposes of nearly 6400, and a balance in favor of the Union of £6. . Five churches, viz., at Bream Creek, Carlton, Geevestown, Franklin, Victoria, were formally received into the Union. The Rev. G. Clarke was chosen chairman for the current year, Rev. W. C. Robinson general secretary, and It. E. Doartravollimraocrotavy, J. E. Salier, Esq., treasurer: J. Walch, Esq., and G". Salier, Esq., auditors. The executive committee was also elected. The first subject introduced to the meeting under the head of general business was State-aid. The discussion was principally confined to the best mode of action for the churches to follow. The secretary stated what had already been done, and explained the measures that had been taken by the Association for the Abolition of State-aid, by which means the movement had ceased to be denominational. A resolution was at length passed recommending all the churches connected with the Union to petition for the abolition when a fitting time should come. The Rev. W. Law explained what had been done on the northern side of the island. The next subject was government grants of land for religious purposes. This was spoken to by Rev. Mr. Law, the Chairman, Rev. G. Clarke and several others. Some persons had, without the knowledge of the Congregational body, about eighteen years ago. applied to the Government to have land reserved at Deloraine for church purposes on behalf of the Congregationalists. This being reported to the meeting, it was, after mature deliberation, proposed by Mr. Salier, seconded by Mr. Clarke, and supported by Mr. Hopkins, that the letter announcing the rosary ing of the land should be returned to the government, and the land be given up to them. The meeting adjourned at one o'clock until half-past three. Prayer having been offered by the Rev. J. Starr and), business was resumed. Mr. BOOM, of Launceston, proposed that the general council should meet alternately at Hobart and Launceston. Ultimately it was agreed that the meetings should be held in the month of March, and that on the second and third Sundays there should be a general interchange of services throughout the Congregational churches of the colony. Notices for the appointment of delegates to be sent in January. In the matter of trust deeds, it was agreed to recommend all the churches to lodge their deeds with the Registrar-General, keeping a certified copy with their church records in their church books, and that a trust deed book he kept by the secretary for enter- ing all deeds lodged with the Registrar. After a very spirited discussion upon Congregational literature, a subcommittee was appointed to consider the subject, and report at a meeting to be field on Friday next at three o'clock. Arrangements were made for inserting particulars i respecting the churches connected with the union in the Congregational year book. The report of the ministers' provident fund was road by the Rev. J. NISBET. The Rev. J. Simmons was proposed as a member.' Other business having been arranged, the meeting was closed with prayer by the chairman at half-past five o'clock. The adjourned meeting to be held in the same place on Friday at three o'clock. / ERIIATUM -The increased tax to which the paving ofthoorookatacost/tíf£40,000 would lead, should have been 5d in the pound and not 5s as stated in Alderman Cook speech of Monday last, and copies 1 into our Bocondyloudor of yesterday Con EL. injury is L v D Alluding to the discovery of copper in Gipps Land the Quat than of the 2nd instant Bfcatos -"On Ti ably, Mr Selwyn, accom punio I by Messrs J L It jberts,Mornson,and Thomas star tod/for the supposed copper discovery In conse queries of one of the horses becoming lame the port) didcot reach further than Loans on Friday night they found that place on Saturday morning, and reached their destination the same day Sunday was a very wet and uncomfortable day, and anything but Vftoasant for a puty Jumping out A very careful Mind minute examination of the ranges was made by Mr. Selwyn and pure, the result of which was such as to coin ince thomoitsooptiuil that though there were decided indications of copper on the Brunton. Crook, is of it was not in sufficient quantities to be a waste There are indications of abundance of iron, but SO much intermixed with quartz as to be value loss at the present time Also indications of coal were noticed in Mernnmu s Creek, but not likely to be rouuinorutiVo if worked, being so far removed from any in market that for some time to come there is no prospect of it being of much pi total failure What Mr Selwyn has Boon in this tour so far has only confirmed the opinion which he has held so strongly vi/ that it is next to useless to look for any valuable minerals either in North or South Gipps Land south of a line drawn from the Hoddle It mJ¡OS to Buchan, the whole of that coast being merely a tertiary formation He is also of opinion that all money spent in sending for deep leads of gold beyond the line east and will be worse than useless We may mention that during the survey Mr Selwyn lost a valuable compass We merely state for the information of anyone who may find it to enable them to restore it to the owner The party camped at Bruthen Creek on Monday night, and arrived in safety, yesterday, at Port Albert It is Mr Selwyn s intention to visit the boring operations for coal at Muddy Creek We trust we shall be able to report more favourably on the result of this journey , 