L O C A L N E W S , 00— BOABD OP EDUCATION.—The Board of Education will meet to-day at 2.30 p.m. The meetings of this !Boari are looked to with mo'e than usual interest jnst now as the question of Government Education is attracting considerable interest, ai»d must come before Parliament at its next sitting. «' FUK."—THU week'S issue of " Fun" is more at tractive than >ever. The principal cartoon is pood,- 'arid displays a large amount of arristifi'talent, but we must, as the witness of truth, give our beliefthat the circulation of our Funny" contemporary would be increased, aud its status raised, if lets personalities were introduced. Surely in a coir munity such as ours there is sufficient material for a good humoured joke upon public characters, without introducing direct, and very likely sure personal allu-ions. Our new arrivals should recollect that they have cume amongst us to benefit themselve*, knowing at the same time, the nature of the original population, and if any man has obtained public position, and possibly wealih, his antecedents should not be ripped un by them.but only his. presentactsin his acquired public position be dealt with. The nits on the popular foibles oi the day are good, and altogether we cannot but Tecommeud " Fun" to all who wish to enjoy a glimpse at the prevailing topics" current amougst our little community. » TEMPERANCE.—The friends of Temperance are in expectation of a reilly " galaday" on Thursday. The tea meeting at the Alliance Rooms, is likely to be a regular success, a* the tickets are going off quickly. In addition *to the amusements announced at the public meeting, which is to take place after the tea, some of the ablest advocates of Temperance will deliver short addresses, which no doubt will. be well received. n Ckiusrr ov FIRE—On Saturday evening: the 18th innant, a chimney was On fire in Collins-street, near Harringtonstreet. Fears of the shingle) were at one time entertained, but the fire Was soon got under without any damage being done CATHEDBIL SEBVICR.—We understand that a full Cathedral Service will be held at Trinity Church on.Thursday evening 30th inst. The Bishop will preach. The different choirs from the various churches hare i already commenced practice, and will meet on Thursday and Monday evenings next at Trinity Church fur Cull practice. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH.—IN our advertising columns a noti;e appears of a tea meeting which is to be held in connection with this Church, on Wednesday evening. It is expected that it will be well attended, as the incumbent is a favourite. with all daises of tbe community. ST. DAVID'S CHUHCB—Avery decided improvement has been made in the Gallery of St David's Church The Iiev Mr Cox, who succeeded to the Incumbency on the retirement of Archdeacon Da vies, was much pained at the sad want of decorum observed in the Iree sittings of the ohurch, and which he partly attributed to tHe very insufficient and shabby accommodation provided for the free worshippers. With this belief on his mind he'prevailed on the Church Wardens to pull down the old and uns : ght!y sittings, and certain partitions, which he on Sunday night from the pulpit d.-signated, and justly so . as a relict of the old system, which could not be too soon forgotten; and which also inferred a difference between tbe worshippers who paid pew rents and those who had not the means of Joins s0 - The new sittings are j now finished, and form very csnvenient accommodation for about 90 persons. Another very important alteration has been the taking away of the curtains in the choir and the galleries, by which means all parts _ of the church are open to. the view of the clergvman in thepulpi^nd which will materially tend- to enforce decorum, It seem« strange that such should be required, but those families who have been in the habit of attending St David's Church » . S r ua * a >', evem "2 kaow '? at that Mr Cox s exertions m this direction were only too much needed, and have already been attended with a large amount of success. The cost of the alterations was some £50 and on Sunday evening j there was a collecti iu made towards re-im- I bareiaar the Churchwardens for the ex- | We are not ma position to say what amount was collected, but any who were absent, or bad not come provided with the necessary lunds can easily rectify the omission by calling on the Churchward«ds. Mr Cos intimated that the money so expended might be considered as the first step towards the New Cathedral, M the seats were moveable and of that substantial character that they would last many years. THE CARNIVAL —Upwards of £900 had been subscribed towards the Carnival and Champion Races up to the time of our going to press this morning. There is little doubt but that this sum will swell to a thousand pounds before our next issue. EXCURSION TO NEW NORFOLK.—Our readers will perceive from our advertisement columns that the favorite steamer Monarch makes an excursion trip/to_New Norfolk on Thursday next, the anniversary of Her Majesty's Birthday. On the evening ol the same day there will be a select dress assembly at Del Sarte's Sooms. PEOFESSOK FCTLIEE.—We are sony to learn that the Californian Wizard, Professor Fuller, who we had received information WJS about to visit Tasmania with the Christy's Minstrels, that areexpected to arrive here next month, is prevented from coming by a still more important engagement; whi h compels him almost immediately to return to Kurope. Mr Fuller is tbe ne pins vfltr* of Wizards, even when considering the merits of Anderson, Frikel, Bosco, Houdin, Hambourger. and Stodain. Belonging to what is termed the severe S'-hool, he trusts not to' gorgeous parapiianalia and comolicated jnechamsni—a plain floor and a common deal table are sufficient with him. No loose sleeves, attendant sprites, &c;, does he need, and yet bis performances are simply wonderfnl. We trust that he may yet find time to pay • us a flying visit. A DBCNKEN Row.—A woman named Walker, in a drunken squabble on Saturday night last, rectived a bad wound on the head. She was promptly carried to. the Hospital, where the house Surgeon dressed the wound, after which she was well'enough to be taken.to her home. NIGHT PAKADE—This evening,Tuesday, there is to be a parade of the City Guarda and Second Kifl.es, under the command of the Hon J. M. Wilson, where at will be practised the'drill, which will be performed on Her Majestv's Birthday, A very large muster is expected. RESULT or A MILL—On the nigiitof the 18th inst fSaturdav.) a fisherman named •Tuhba in a fisticuff combat at the Old Wharf, fell aad in so doing broke his leg, a simple fracture just : ab>ve the ankle. He was carried to the General Hospital where his limb was set by Dr Turnley. He is now doing very well. RAISING A FLAMS—Constable Leitch whilst on duty in Argyle-street,. early on Satur- day morn in? last, observed a chimney on fire in Bathurst-street, and upon preceding thither discovered that two worthies had quietly taken possession of an empty house there, belonging to Mr Petterd, Carpenter, and had lighted a fire with all the available fixtures on the 'premises no doubt intending to spend a right merry evening.: The fire however was too good, it spread from grate to chimney, and then ni doubt afraid ot a discovery they prepared to leave the home, when at the door they encountered the constable,who deeply leeling for their homeless condition provided them with very comfortable quarters at tbe Station House. On Saturday forenoon they were presented at Court, and the Stipendiary Magistrate still mora touched by their posidon, and the accident of the burning chimney, granted thetm three months board aud lodging- at tbe - House of Correction. These worthies u will be seen by our Police tteport rejaiw in the names of Brown, aud Ghost. We never heard of a Brown Ghost before, but doubtless it is a species ofjcongeaial spirit that delights in setting fire to chimnies. DEATHS IN-LAUKCESTON—Last week Mr John Windeatt, a retired officer from H. At. Commis-ariat Department, died at his residence, Cimitfere- street, at the aga ot 76 years. Mr Windeatt w*s very highly respected, and was fallowed by ft largs number of sorrowing friends to the place of interment, the Church, of England Cemetery. This week Mr Worliyche Whirmore Ryan landing-waiter of H.M . Customs, died' rather suddenly on Wednesday, and was interred in the Church of Kugland Cemetery, yesterday afternoon. Mr Ryan, as an officer, was very attentive to his duties, and in the performance of them he made many friends and enemies. His manners were gentlemanly and unobtrusive, and his death at tbe comparatively early age of 45, is deeply regretted. We understand that Mr Ryan leaves a widow and ten children, almost entirely without provision for their future. A THOKOUQH SWINI>LBR.—Some lew mouths back a man of the name of Curtis tendered for and obtained the providores trip of the City of Hobart, s.s. in the Sydney trade. He succeeded in getting pretty extensively into credit with our townspeople, and in several cases was entrusted with the sale of fruit and other goods shipped from here. The Tasmania to which he had been shifted came in on Sunday from Sydney minus Mr Curtis aud Mrs Curtis who went up with him the last trip. His defalcations here amonnt to about LSOO. One case is s very bad one. He was entrusted with about L100 worth of fruit, &c.; by a hardworking industrious German man, aud the poor fellow is subject to the heavy loss. It; is to be hoped that some of the creditors will take steps to have Curtis brought back. There seems some fatality attending the T.S.N. Co's providores as this is the third that has come to grief within a short time. GOIKG ! GOING 5!—Curtis the abscondin? pro vidore was "passing the door of a well known auction mart, ou his last sojourn here, when the Auctioneer was selling . a gold watch "GoingI Going!! shall I say another shilling for you Mr Curtis ?" " Tes" says Mr Uurtis—" Will you take it with you ?" says Mr Knock- itdown. And Mr Curtis kindly pats the watch into his pocket, and of course is too polite to interfere with the proceedings of the room to pay for it, so Mr Auctioneer makes another of the artful dodgers victims. THE mix SWAN.—The Government have offered a reward of L30 for the Apprehension of the prisoner John Swan, who so cleverly effected his escape from the custody of Mr Reidy, while in H. M. Gaol. It must be remembered that Swan was committed to prison sometime ago on two charges. One for robbing Major Douglas' yacht, the second for "breaking into the premises of Mr Dawson at Kangaroo Point, and stealing therefrom. Swan while in gaol, contrived to evade the vigilance of the prison authorities, by appearing to remain in bed when he should have been up and about. He managed to get together towels and such other articles, which he manufactured into a rope, by which he efiected his escape. His description is given in the advertisement in which the reward is mentioned. BIBLE SOCIETY—On Friday evening, in accordance with a p-evious announcement, a meeting of the New Town anxiliaiy to the Tasmanian Branch of the Bible Society, took place st the Wesleyan Chapel. Tbe weather was moat unfavorable and consequently the attendance was not as large as was anticipated. The pro* eeedings commenced by the Bev Mr Bennet (Wesleyan) giving out a hvznn. The Bev Mr Nisbett (Independent) encaged in prayer. The chair was occupied by H. Hopkins, Esq. He stated the object they had in meeting, and accounted lor the absence of the Secretary, Mr Dear. Mr Hopkins pointed ont the necessity of •upporting the society in its great enterprise While there are thonsands destitute of the word of life, christians should not relax in their efforts to provide for them. Great efforts were still nccessary to aend the Bible to every part of the world. He stated that the society had greatly progressed during the year. The i great Bible depot in London was pro- j greasing, and would shortly be completed. In Tasmania they acted nobly. He urged them to persevere. The meeting was addressed by Mr H. S. Barrett, M.H.A., Mr Heyward, the Bev Messrs Bennett,! McLean and othen> The addresses were 1 excellent and highly appropriate. A collection was taken up at the close of the meeting. 