TELEGRAPHIC SUMMARY FOR ENGLAND. m Neivb ritOM 24th SEi'TEMnBR to 24th OcrroBEit, The Royal Mail steamship Bombay, with the English maila of August, via Gallo, arrived in Sydney on the 16th, punctually to her contract time. The Royal Mail steamship Ruahine, with the English mails of Augu6t, via Panama, arrived in Sydney on the 4th instant, four days behind her contract time. The colony is once more passing through a minis- terial crisis, the Government having been defeated by 32 to 30 on the second reading of the Land Bill. The Ministry asked for time for deliberation, and a1 the re-assembling of the House yesterday, the Premier, Mr. Martin, Btated that the Government would consider it to be its duty to retain office until met by a direct vote of want of confidence. The leader of the Opposition has given notice of a motion expressive of want of confidence in the Government, which will come on for discussion to-day. Upon the resumption of the financial debate the Budget was agreed to without division. The Governor has given his assent to the Federal Council Act, the Post OlEce Laws Amendment Act, and the Volunteer Force Act ; and the latter came into operation on the 11th instant. The Legislative Assembly has affirmed the expe- diency of borrowing £1,000,000, for the purpose of completing the railway lines already sanctioned. The Chinese Immigration Act Repeal Bill has passed both Houses of Parliament. The sentence of death passed upon Bertrand has been commuted to imprisonment for life, with hard labour, the first three years in irons. The South and South-western portions of the colony have been visited by heavy floods, but in other parts the weather haa been dry and exceedingly wann. The A. S. N. Company's steamship Telegraph, the fastest ocean steamer on the coast, has been totally lost. Ko lives loBt. The General Lee has arrived from Liverpool, the Liberator, Brucklay Castle, and Strathdon have sailed for London. H. M. S. Virago has arrived from the Cape of Good Hope. Exchange on London, ~ per cent.premium; buying rate, ¿ per cent, discount ; discount of 60 days' bills, 6 per cent. j Bonded and other stocks of imported goods are considerably reduced, and trade gives indications of greater activity ; but there is an entire absence of con- fidence in the markets, and buyers restrict operations to the smallest quantities suitable for trade require- ments. > v The new wool clip is coming in freely. The . Queensland grown is mostly affected by seed, but the New South Wales wool is moderately clean and well grown. The few sales already made show about one penny decline on the opening rates last year, and there are several lots in the market on'which a greater decline will be submitted to. Tallow is from 20s. to 30s. lower, owing to high freights. Hides firm ; shipments light. THE FEMALE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, NEWCASTLE.— Between 8 and 9 o'clock on Sunday evening last, loud screams were heard in the Industrial School, and some anxiety was manifested by the general public to know the cause of the screaming which, for a few minutes, was exceedingly loud and violent. Most of the people who heard it fancied that the girls were either fighting amongst themselves, or else that they were getting punished at the instance of the matron. Neither suppositions were in the remotest degree correct. We have ascertained on undoubted authority that the sole cause of the out- cry was sheer devilment on the part of some seven or eight of the girls who were located together in one of the dormi- tories. Directly Mrs. King heard the screaming she hur- ried to where it proceeded from and inquired the cause. She was informed by the offenders that " there was a man or a ghost under one of the beds," and that they had screamed because they were afraid. After giving the girls a severe rebuke for their unruly behaviour, and threatening them with much worse consequences if they did not remain quiet, Mrs. King left, and, we may scarcely add, the "ghost" gave the "young ladies" no further trouble.—Newcastle Chronicle. Some of the church papers have fallen into an amusing mistakerespecting the Lord Mayorof London in his connection with the recent meeting in the city on the subject of ritualism. Both the Guardian and the Church Times are very earcastical about a Jew meddling with, such questions ; but Alderman Gabriel, the present Lord Mayor of London, is, we understand, not a Jew, but a Christian, and a member of the Wesleyan Methodist body.-Pall Hall Gatette. Cheat- Pianofortes.-The City Press says :-So many exposures have been made of the cheap piano- forte dodge, that it is really surprising that it con- tinues to pay. But it seems it does, for extraordinary bargains in this line are continually being advertised, and the other day, spmebody wrote to one of the daily papers to say that he had bought a pianoforte eo advertised, and which was said to be worth sixty guineas, but which was to be sold for twenty-four. When the purchaser got it home, lie found he had been very nicely taken in, which, perhaps, was just what he ought to have expected, inasmuch as it would have been strange, indeed, bad the statement made in the advertisement been really correct. Anybody who imagined that he was going to have a sixty-guinea article for twenty-four must have been strangely inexperienced in the doings of this wickeA world. Bbrezowbki.-It is stated that Berczowski, the would-be aasasain of Emperor of Russia, is to be transported to New Caledon». 