WESLEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. | The laying of tlie foundation-stone of the | transept of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church, which it is intended to use for some time as a schoolroom, took place on Monday evening, October 7. The ceremony was commenced shortly after 5 o'clock by the Bev. S. Knight giving out the hymn, beginning " Behold the sure foundation laid," after which prayer was offered, and the 84th Psalm was read by the Bev. J. Y. Simpson.: The Bev. Mr. Knight then read the annexed address to. Mrs.. T. ,G. Waterhouse, who subse quently laid the stone :— " Madam—The Trustees and Committee of Kent" Town "Wesleyan Church viewing the earnest and continuous interest that you have (in conjunction with our esteemed Mr. Water house) manifested in the progress and develop ment of this congregation, deem themselves under pleasing obligation to show some mark of their; appreciation; and ;esteem, both, of the private virtues and public'spirit, of which they have received many (tokens. They unitedly desire you to accept the accompanying trowel as .l a small expression of their respect and affection,1 and pray that the rich benediction of God may rest upon youaridyour household now and ever more. — With . much respect we are, dear Madam, youis faithfully," -a .. ; ; (Signed for and on behalf of the Committee), . , " M. Kingsborough. "W. Bhodes." After the stone had been duly adjusted, Mrs. Waterhouse was handed a most beautifully made trowel, the workmanship of Mr. Wendt, bearing the following inscription :—" The Kent Town Wesleyan Churchy Adelaide, to our much belpved and munificent friend, Mrs. T. G. Waterhouse, in commemoration of October 7, 1867." Mrs. Waterhouse having spread the mortar, declared the stone laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy, Ghost! Underneath the stone was placed a bottle con taining copies of the Advertiser, Register, South j Australian Wesleyan Magazine, Victorian Wes leyan Chronicle, the minutes of the last Wes leyan Conference, and a document of which the subjoined is a copy . "The foundation-stone of the transept was laid; by Mrs. T. G. Waterhouse on the 7th day of October, in the year of our Lord 1867, being the 30th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Dominick. Daly being the Governor of the province; the Bev. H. H. ; Gaud - President of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference; the Bev. John Watsford being Chairman of the South Australian District; Bevs. S. Knight and J. Y. Simpson, Ministers of the Third Adelaide Cir cuit j B. N. 'Gault aridW. Bhodes, Esqrs., Circuit Stewards; Messrs. Wright and Woods, .architects.;; 0:, Pitman, contractor ;,and Messrs. -Kihgsbbroughy - Bhbdes, W.- Ularke, -Colton, Bilney, Watsford, Ballantyne, Gatdt, Goss, Padman, Sharland, andTapley, Trustees. The, Bev. J. G. Millard, on the ceremony being concluded, mounted" the stone, and de livered a very excellent address. He remarked that, he was exceedingly pleased to be with 'them on that occasion. ; Their undertaking had his most cordial sympathy. They had assem bled there to mtness a very interesting cere mony—the laying of the second foundation stone of the Jubilee Church, and although the portion of which the stone would form a part ] might be used as a schoolroom, yet its walls em braced the-transept section of that Church. If they thought of the important purpose for j which the whole structure was being erected, and the utter inability of those who were in teresting themselves in the matter to accom plish their object, unless God deigned to smile upon the effort, he felt certain it would be cal culated to cause them to feel their absolute un worthiness arid dependence upon the Almighty. The public sanctuary had been an important appendage to the Church since the foundation of the world. • Of it patriarchs had spoken and prophets prophesied, and God upon many occa sions had evinced His approval of it. That splendid pulpit orator, the . Bev. , Morley Punshon, recently, at the laying of a foundation stone of an edifice somewhere in the neighbor hood of London, very beautifully said that it would be a hall in which the'loftiest sounds would" be raised; the palace in which the King of Heaven would hold His court; a hospital in which the sick of all moral and spiritual diseases would be healed by the balm of Gilead and the .Physician, of Souls; an asylum where men ! would be brought to their right minds, arid placed at the feet of Jesns. He was pleased to know that the portion of the structure which had been completed had; been the scene of the conversion of many. He trusted ,that. the.num ber would be continually iucreasedT" • - " And when on Zion's height's The hosts of God shall stand, May thousand thousands reign in light, That found salvation here." (Applause.) In allusion to the importance of Sunday schools, he stated that the WesleyansJ as a body, were always anxious to advance the in terests of education, but they were confident that no education was complete without it was permeated by religion, and therefore tbey thought it right that their: children should be taught from Sabbath to Sabbath the truths of the Bible. Their object in laying that founda tion-stone was twofold, the first being for the training of their youth for a fair and beauteous immortality, and the'"second for divine wor ship. He trusted they would all give the un dertaking their" most hearty support, and as a commencement, contribute largely that day. In conclusion, he wished the Bev. Mr. Knight"; and all connected withhim, the greatest possible success in. the work which they had initiated! The National Anthem having been sung :by the Sunday-schOol children and,the asseiriblage, which, was very numerous, an adjournment was made to the church for tea, of which so inariy partook that there had to be several sittings. Later in the evening a public meeting was held, and-the church was completely, crowded. Mr. William, Longbottom. presided. "The pro ceedings.having been, commericed in the .cus tomary, manner, The Chairman made a few prefatory remarks. He craved theindulgence of the audience, for he was suffering from two unpleasant things— great qenrpusness and influenza; ^therefore, he hoped they would:'to his weatpesses 'be very kind, and to his faults a little blind. (A laugh.) In the words of one of tbeir most illustrious members of Parliament, the Committee had had, in erecting the transept, an appreciative andrigor ous eye to the f nture. (Laughter.) He hoped the undertaking would, prove a" great success, and that the Church would be blessed with unprecedented prosperity. (Applause.) Mr. M. Kingsborough read the financial, statement, from which it appeared that the trustees had borrowed £1,000 at 8 per cent., and £500 froiri the Loan Society without interest. They had at the present time £185 to their credit in the Bank, thereby reducing the lia- ; bility to £1,350. The tender which had been accepted for the transept amounted to £1,566, so that the total debt! would be; £2,888, which he trusted would, on the completion of the transept, be reduced to £1,768. The Bev. Alfred Bigg; then addressed the meeting. _ He felt a little more trepidation than usual, owing to the largeness of the attendance. The subject upon which he .had to speak was; ".The Millenium." .He was aflrmanddevout be- j liever in that period, and did they all; implicitly; rest their faithjupon what God had said respect- \ ing it, there would be no, need for him to add! anything, and then he would have but to speak upon the glory of the time when the difference with respect to the imports and ex- 1 ports. . ; , . The Commissioner of Public "Works said the difficulty in his mind was to provide a loop line in one direction, and going- jto a large -out lay to provide for the same traffic in an opposite direction. He should like to gather which would be preferred. : •: ; , / Mr. Varcoe stated that acertainamount of the ; trade would always find its way overland. ' Such, for instance, as when a steamer wanted 20 or 30 tons to fill up, and could not wait for a vessel coming round from Port' Adelaide., Sometimes these making up parcels were' sent '| by Mannuin or Blanchetown, • biit as Captains disliked stopping for small quantities of goods when they had once got away, he thought [it very desirable that a direct and easy means :of communication with Goolwa should be opened, up. This would also enable millers who were in the interior to compete with those who were, | . nearer the river and seaboard. The river trade was large now and would certainly increase, so that there was very pressing necessity why they should keep the trade from Melbourne and bring it "down to the Goolwa, which he contended would be a benefit to the whole colony. : At present all the deputation asked for was that a j knowledge' of the 'Lord should cover the earth.' Veiy strong - presumptive evidence could be adduced in support of a belief in the millenium, but Bishop Butler, in his " Analogy" in speaking: of presumptive evidence, remarked that there was no branch of evidence which was so likely to be abused as that. The speaker proceeded to allude in a very lucid manner to the evi-' denCe which existed that the millenium would form a portion of-the world's'history. It might be asked how- that subject bore upon that evening's service. All he could say was, that although they could not see, perhaps, how their —comparatively speaking—insignificant labors in the cause of Christ tended to bring about the time when the earth should be filled with the glory of the Lord, yet God ■ could gather all their little - doings and bind them in one chain with which to connect the human race to His throne. He could not conclude without a glance at the nature of the millenium blessed ness, which he believed would consist in uni versal righteousness. At the present;tiine more than nine- tenths of the misery was occasioned by sin. The-rev. gentleman resumed his seat amid continued cheers. ] The Rev; John "Watsford followed with a short address. He said the topic upon which he had to speak was "Earnestness and its Results." Earnest men were those who were now doing everything in the world; but with regard to religion, people seemed to think that the colder and stiffer they could be .the better it was. Many supposed that when a poor peni tent was seeking the Saviour he must do it in a very indifferent sort of manner, and on his feeling a sense of forgiveness he must rejoice aud do it very mildly ; and some supposed that when a man was trying to save people from going down to Hell he must do it as quietly as possible. He did not believe in anything of the kind. (Hear.) He felt convinced that if earnestness was required in anything it was in religion. He did not mean-mere noise, but an earnest determination to secure the salvation of souls, and they should use all the means that lay in their power to achieve that end; and in doing so they would be doing no more than obeying the commands of their Master. He was certain that if ever a man made anything out in reli jgion it was by earnest devotion. He would say to all, be resolute in seeking the salvation of your souls. Be determined to be as holy as God can make you. He held that the moment a man was saved he ought to set to work to secure the salvation of others. If he knew anything of the Bible it would move him to wrest his fellows from the grasp" of the devil. But if a Christian minister set to work to save others in"- a • determined spirit, he must be pre pared to pay the penalty. There were many, who would set him down as a fanatic, and there were those who would say of him as was said of Paul, that he was beside himself.' JohnFoater once said that to achieve anything .truly great iu this world a man must work with such concen trativeness of purpose as to ordinary mortals would appear like madness. Earnestness was demanded of them as a Church, and by. •their principles as Methodists they were called upon to.' manifest that quality. :Dr. Chalmers said that Methodism was Chris tianity in earnest. Their first' preachers, to a man, were earnest men,, and they were degene rated sons of worthy sires if they were'not in earnest too. If the day ever came when Metho dism "was not synOnymous with earnestness' Methodism would give up the ghost. He be lieved in the system, if it were only worked. He was glad fhat they were gettingitworked, and; that they had illustrations of earnest Methodism in South. Australia, and he was pleased that their, ministers were pushing ih forward in that, Circuit. (Hear.) He was glad," too, that it.had'. been advancing in all parts of the colony. ' At' the end,of the year they would find that hum-' bers had been, converted, which w;as owing- to the earnestness of the'people, which-GOd had blessed. (Prolonged applause.) Mr. ; JoHN: Colton, M.P., spoke ;upoU the effects of church architecture upon the Church., After dilating in a very interesting manner'upon; the beneficial effect of churches upon" "the' neighborhoods in "which they were located, and the advantages, attendant upon their being nicely ornamented, he concluded by appealing to the liberality of the audience on behalf of that parti cular church. The usual votes of thanks terminated a most interesting and:pleasant meeting., The sum laid upon the stone, together with proceeds of the services on the preceding day, promises, &c.; , amounted to'about £220. . ' . " 