iJnvj; lsy the IT is stated that Sir IIugli Cairns was offered a peerage on his eleiatiun to the bench, but declined the honour. ~Tms Fenians have not {riven up their mad and wicked designs. Stephens lately told his followers in America, that Irel.in j would be free before the i^t of January; and, cn Wednesday, two boxes filled with rifles and bullet-moulds were seized on u steamer going from Lirerpool'to Cork. On Thursday, other seizures were made at Limerick, and extensive stores of arms have been discovered, Arrests also arcbeginning again, and the turmoil is renewed. Tut; great fall of meteors on the night of the 13tli inst., has made a ple.isant interlude in the poliiical and ecclesiastical controversies by which our social air is disturbi-d. The astronomers so confidently predicted that on the I2tli or 13th, the earth in its orbit would pafs through the meteoric belt, which is supposed, like ourselves, to be constantly circling the sun, and iliey assured us that this was an opportunity for wit nosing so grand a display o£ "celestial fireworks " as would not be seen again lor tliirty-tlfree years, that large numbers of people banished sleep for tlmt night On the 12tli we had nothing but cloud"! and rain, but the evening of the 13th was brilliantly clear, except in a few places on the western coast of England. The moon went down early, and the wondirful sight was observed under the most favourable conditions ; deeply do the sceptics who went sneeringly to bed, and slept and snored till morning, now lament their unbelief. Just as the scientific men had foretold, scarcely a shooting star was seen till after midnight, when they began to appear in great •numbers, and continued to multiply till the heavens were literally alive with them. The griatest number were seen between 1 a.m., and 1 ."20 a.m.—as many as 100 b.-ing counted in a minute. Some were oi great brilliancy; and the trains of light which marked their course were faintly visible for a minute or two after the nucleus itself had disappeared At one observatory,.700J were counted, but fori lew minutes they'were so numerous that all counting was impossible. Kext day,tlic newspapers could til Ik of nothing but the meteors. The Times bad a page,of popular scientific talk nboLt them; with hosts ot letters from'people describing their impressions.- The " pennies " were amazingly exalted and poetic in their 6iyle, (Specially the Daily Telegraph, which particularly afiects florid writing, because he finds it suits the public taste. The more bombastic and h gh-souiiding tlieir leaders, tiie better the paper sells. It describes the meteors after this fasiii m : — " They looked like no eurthly fireworks, but rather resembled silver- birds wending their way to some mysterious star-heronry in the firmament; or if not birds, then the forehead- planets of angels and archangels, summoned in splendid cohorts, etc. . .- . One ball of white fire without the spangly, seemed bi-nt on plunging iuto the rtiidrilE of Orion, or knocking a star cl.?an off. the Great Bear's muzzle ; while now and again there would be lines without balls at all, and faint distant gleams and dim tilings of glory' like ihe ghosts of illuoiinat.-J clouds." And so on to any t-xtent. The stock ot metaphors on hand at the Telegrapk office is practically undiluted. IF the ti'ial of ex-Governor Kyre ever gets fairly under weigh, it will occasion immense excitement The news that the Jaiuaics Grand J ury ii&ve; ignored the bill against Itamsay, the pnnost jnarsliall, who hung a lletro lor grinding bis teeth while under the lasli, has intensified tlie resolution-to punish some of those engaged in suppressing the outbreaks. Lieutenant JSrand, .who presided jorer the cuurt- marlial at •Uorant Bay, which tiling Gordon and 188 other persons, lias already, brought punishment upon himself. He .wrote a most impndent letter, to Sir. Cliarles Buxton, M I\, vim lins taken a leadiiig part ill this business, nc<:usiii^ lum of idling '.'.wicked ami meliciou6 lies," and uf "damuul cowardice." JK-challenged liim to fight, ami wound up -by thanking Htuven that " boxton and Co. were nol liis musters. —we have a new Admiralty, my friend."- liia txpectaiion- of comfort and Butety from - ".a new- Admiralty" have, however, proved delusive. As" soon as Mr Buxton had published his letter; the Admiralty sent directions to the Commodore on the station to supersede Lieutenant Brand -' for conduct •unbecoming an officer and a^eutlemeu." TUB IIIGHUST SALAHV. paid to any irian in New Krgland is reoeived -by the agent of a woollen mill i.i Massachusetts—15,000 dollars. The lowest is believed to lie that of a Methodist preacher, who stated at a late convention in Boston that his salary for preaching last year was ajiew hat and a bushel of apples. . • . •TUB authorship;of the celebrated book entitled " Krce Homo" has now been traced to Professor Reiley, who occupies the Latin chair .it the London University College. IJe is the son «f Mr Seiley, the well-known l.vaneelijnl publisher, and is himself a thoroughly Christian man j yet it was of Ins v lame that Lord Shaliesbury said it was "the vilest book ever vomited from the mouth of hell." The Pope has put it in the " Index l£xpurgatorius " along j-iih Dr Pusey's " Eirenicon." A Lnixr: Lt;ssoN.—Mr. Punch is pleased to see that u decoration has been given by the Queen to the l-'inatn e Minister of Victoria [Victoria is one of the Australian coimres, it is at the southern e» tiemitv of the continent, Melbourne is the capital, and the inhabitants are far in advance of England in regard to civilization, lor instance, they have com pulsorv education.] The lion. George Verdnn came over on -a mission to our Government. Victoria wants nn armour-plated ship, for which she "wiil partly pay, .and a training ship,, and Sir John Pakington has assented. Tiie minister, for his-various services to tnc colony, has .received Jlie Bath Cross. Should it not have been the Victoria Cross ? This little "goak" is the bit of sugar with which Mr .''Punch ' .rewards-his .readers for. Jearning more »than iiibst.ElpgUsli people know about one of otir Jioblcst colonies. It his readers are good, they 6hall have anotner colonial lessen some day. l-'or wc have other coionies beside. —Punch, Dec. i. 