GENERAL NEWS. The meeting of the Stewards and Com mittee of the Catholic Young Mens' Society's Picnic will be held to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, instead of Thursday as advertised. It is reported in town that a foreigner has lodged a claim for the discovery of a gold field on Mr. John Taylor's run, about 60 miles from the boundary. On Friday morning, between 2 and 3 o'clock, Mr. JohnClezy's store, at Nairne, was broken into, and goods taken away to the value of £60 to £70, such as prints, calico, flannels, tweeds, &c.; The rascals tried to force the door open, but could not, it having been well secured with one of Chubb's locks. They then smashed the window in, and actually put up the shutters again. There is no clue to the robbers. The annual meeting of the South Aus tralian Commercial Travellers' Association was held at the Criterion Hotel, King William street, on Saturday last, the 20th inst. The officers' reports showed that the funds were in a prosperous state, and that the working of the Asspciation for the past year had been very satisfactory. The opening services in connection with the Stow Memorial Church were concluded on Sunday, April 21, when two sermons were preached. In the morning the Bev. C. W. Evan, the pastor of the church, discoursed from John, 4th chapter, 23rd and 24th verses, and in the evening the Bev. E. W. Cos preached from Haggai, 2nd chapter, verse 9. The congre gations were large, and collections were made at the close of each of the services. The Coroner, Mr. R. Ingleby, held an inquest at the Destitute Asylum, on Monday, April 22, on the body of a" male child, who had died on the preceding Sunday. Mr. W. Camp bell was elected foreman (of the Jury. Moses Frith was the only witness examined, and he deposed as followsI brought a child, an infant, to the Destitute Asylum on Thursday afternoon, between the hours of 2 and B. There were some people at the gate, and I laid it down, together with a bundle. My daughter Henrietta called my attention to a child in my house. I suspect Elizabeth Mullington to be the mother of the child. I was not home when the child was left. I have not the most remote idea where Elizabeth Mullington is. I have not seen her for two months. I believe the bundle produced is the one I left with the child, and some writing on a slip of paper which was in it,; to be that of Elizabeth Mullington. The inquest was then adjourned till the following "Wednesday morning, for the purpose of pro curing additional evidence. On Saturday afternoon a cricket match was played on the North Park Lands between the Military and Young Australian Clubs. The weather was delightfully pleasant throughout. The Military were the first to go in, and suc ceeded in running up a score of 76 runs. The Young Australians then handled the bat, but were less fortunate, retiring with a score of 37 runs. The game was decided in the first innings, thus leaving the Military the victors by 39 runs. Mr. W. Baker acted as umpire for the Military, and Mr. T. McFarlane filled that position for the Young Australians. Subjoined are the scores:—Military—W. Jenkins, c. Saint, b. Leader, 0; J. Stone, b. Leader, 1; M. Clooney, run out, 7; J. Keegan, b. Leader, 2; B. Creswell, c. and b. Leader, 3; A. Harvey, c. Sainf b. Dutton, 10 ; C. Hollowey, b. Dutton, 12; J. Bobinson, b. Dutton, 0 ; J. Colton, run out, 1; G. Knaggs, not out, 6; Lieutenant H., Swanson, b. Dutton, 3; byes, 14; leg byes, 1; wide balls, 16. Total, 76. Young Australians —S. Saint, b. Holloway, 0; M. C. Jacobs, b. Clooney, 0; H. Dutton, Lb.w., 0; F. Ebsworth, c. Keegan, b. Holloway, 7; A. J. Tod, b. Hol loway, 0; J. Aldridge, b. Holloway, 9; E. C. Gwynne, l.b.w., 0 : C. S. Leader, run out. 3; W. Higgins, c. Bobinson, b. Clooney, 0; B. B. Carvossa, not out, 2; M. Doswell, b. Holloway, 0; byes, 3; wide balls, 13. Total, 37. There is to be a month's interchange of preachers between the Unitarian Churches of Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. The Bev. J. JPillars is to go from Sydney to Melbourne; the Bev. H. Higginson, of Melbourne, is to visit Adelaide; and the Bev. J. C. Woods is to go from Adelaide to Melbourne. On Saturday evening the • Theatre was very well attended. The performances com-. menced with Bulwer's five-act. play of " Richelieu." Mr. O'Brien took the character of Richelieu very well indeed, although in some scenes he rather overdid the part. Mrs. Jackson appeared as Julie, and' went through the character with her accustomed skill. The re maining characters were well performed, and | the piece passed off with considerable success, and amidst loud applause. A comic ballet, the " Ghost of the Village," in which the principal feature was the dancing by Miss "Woods, Mr. | Edouin, and Miss Earl, concluded the entertain ment. The unbranded cattle running on the Uley and Mickera Runs, comprising pastoral leases, Nos. 70, 757,103, 752, and 753, situated west and south-west of the south-west corner of the Hundred of Port Lincoln, were purchased at the Government land sale on Thursday last by Mr. E. Swaffer for the sum of £2015s. The services attendant upon the anni versary of the South Adelaide Wesleyan Sun day-School Union were commenced in the Pirie street, Church, on Sunday, April 21. In the morning the Rev. J. G. Millard officiated, and selected as the subject of his remarks a portion of the 4th verse of the 15th chapter of 1st Corin thians—" He rose again from the dead, accord ing to the Scriptures." The Rev. Mr. Millard treated the death of Christ under three heads, firstly, as a prophetical subject; secondly, as an historical fact; and thirdly, as a doctrinal truth. He dilated upon the resurrection of Christ as a pledge and earnest of the happiness to be participated in hereafter by the believer. The Rev. Alfred Rigg excellently addressed a very large assemblage of children together with their friends and parents in the afternoon; and in the'evening the Rev. John Watsford con ducted Divine Worship, when the spacious edifice was crowded to excess. At the other services the congregations were large. The rev. gentleman based his discourse upon the parable of the lost shoep, contained in Luke, 15th chapter, 4tn, 5th, 6th, and 7th verses. The divisions of his subject were the sinner lost, sought for, and found. He depicted the. wretched condition of man without God in the world, pointed out how that Jesus was ever in terceding on' the sinner's. behalf, and referred in glowing terms to the joy in Heaven over one sinner repenting. In conclusion, he urged all present to close in with the offers of mercy ere it was too late. A prayer meeting was subse quently held, and was very numerously atten ded. A collection was made after each service. On Saturday evening Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Case gave their entertainment at White's Rooms before a large audience with great suc cess. The first part of the programme was en tirely new, and very amusing. The mother-in law, a slightly overdone character, was well re ceived. Then followed the caterer for parties, John Mangles the Decorator, the Prima Donna, and several minor characters, in all of which Mrs. Case exhibited her amazing versatility, and the rapidity with which she executes her nu merous transformations. The gem of the eve ning, however, wastherepresentation of the Aus tralian development of servantgalism in the per son of Miss Polythemia Scroggins. This character was very natural; we can remembqr incidents parallel to the most extravagant portions' of j Miss Scroggins's negotiations for a situation. The audience were in roars of laughter as she explained the little she would do, all she would not do, or permit to be done, her opinions of masters and mistresses, and her former7 ex periences; and not the least diverting part of the dialogue was the accuracy with which colonial and diggings expressions fell from the lips of this interesting young lady. The second part of the programme has been produced before m Adelaide, but it will bear many repetitions. Mrs. Case was in excellent voice, and we have never heard her to greater advantage than oh Saturday evening as Sims Reeves singing " The Death of Nelson." This was encored, and Mrs. Case then gave "My Pretty Jane.' That amusing production, "The German Band" also received a well- deserved encore. Mr. Case's performances on the concertina and violin were a rich musical treat, and were rewarded with vociferous applause, the talented musician cour teously complying with the calls for repetitions of the beautiful airs and comic variations with which he delighted the audience. The pro gramme will be repeated this evening. On Thursday night a service was held in the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, in connection with the induction of the Rev. James Henderson as pastor of the congregation. The church "was filled in every part, and amongst those present were noticed many friends from the metropolis. The Presbytery of South Aus tralia were present, and being constituted, pro ceeded with the business of the meeting. The first part of the proceedings consisted of calling for the return of the edict which had been read on the two preceding Sabbaths. This was read | by the Clerk of the Presbytery, as directed by the rules of the Church, and no objections haying been offered, the Rev. Mr. Anderson, of Stratnalbyn, entered the pulpit, and preached an earnest and peculiarly suitable discourse from the words in the Acts of the Apostles, " Send men to Joppa and call for Sinaon whose surname is Peter, who shall tell thee words whereby thou and all thy house may be saved." At the close of the discourse he called upon the Rev. Mr. Henderson to stand up, and having put to him the usual questions of the Presby terian formula, and they having been answered satisfactorily, Mr. Anderson offered up solemn prayer, setting apart Mr. Henderson as pastor of the church, and invoking the Divine blessing upon the pastor and the people. Thereafter the righthand of fellowship was given to Mr. Henderson by all the members of the Presbytery, in order of seniority. This ceremony having I concluded, the Rev. Mr. Lyall, of Adelaide, ascended the pulpit and delivered an address to the newly- appointed minister full of Christian affection and marked by much vigor of thought and utterance. The Rev. Mr. Roddick, of Mount Pleasant, followed with a pointed address to the people on their duties to their ministers. The entire services were of an impressive and deeply interesting character. Mr. Henderson enters upon the duties of the pastorate of the Port Adelaide^ Church with the best wishes of a seemingly wide circle of friends. The railway authorities very considerately acceded to a request to delay the last train to Adelaide for half an hour. The citizens visiting were thus. enabled to reach their homes in Adelaide the same night. 