OW0 WE WELCOMED THE iETtw YEAR. New Year's Day, 1867, is alrea'dy a memory. It has vanished in the past ;' but, bhough we shall never look on it again, it •as left with us a crowd of pleasant memories that will serve to keep it green in our recollection. fMeteorologically-w hich is an important consideration in a genderal holiday-it was a truly splendid day. Old Sol01 shone forth in full splendour, welcoling the New Year with a warmth which would arve been overpowering had it not 'been gently tempered by a refreshing breeze from the south, laden with delicious coolness caught up in the vast ice-regions over which it had tiavolled. It was a brilliant Aus tralian summer's day, unalloyed by even a ghost of those horrid hot winds which, too frequently accompany them. There wras no dubiety about it. It broke fine, so that those who-and that means all Victoria and his wife-were bent on spending the day out were. not 'deterred from doing so by doubts as to whether it would be safe to venture forth; it continued fine, thus re lieving the fair sex of all ajixiety as to whether the brave though zephlyr-like attire in which they had arrayed themselves'would be preserved from destruction; and it ended fine, causing the homeward journey and the winding-up dance to be a pleasant finale to one of the most enjoyable holidays ever spent in Victoria. To tell of the .various ways in which the good people of Melbourne disported, them selves is but to repeat an- oft-told tale. There is a sameness about our sports and pastimes that renders the record of one holiday very much like: that of another. On such occasions we indulge, with little varia tion, in horse-racing, cricket, boating, athletic sports, and. volunteer reviews. Besides these, there are land and water excursions, in which any . amount of' steam and horse power is brought into use for the propulsion of Her Majesty's lieges; and verily what is a holiday to nine-tenths of the population is the hardest working day in thb year to railway oflicials, waiters, cabmen, and cab horses. Then there. are those really delightful assemblages -known as picsnics, the managers of which select for their trysting= place some leafy glade, where with a goodly supply of creature comforts, and sheltered from the. fierce rays of the sun and tho in trusive nuisance of dust, those who attend them pass the day with music and dancing, billing and cooing, Aunt Sally and kiss-in: the-ring, until the shades of evening all too quickly warn them to start for horee, the only regret felt being that the day was far too short.. And thus, as we have passed many previous New Year 'Days, we passed the last- only with, if possible, i more No doubt the special feature of last Tues day was the Champion racoe on the Flem ington course. Thither by all sorts of conveyances wended their vay *a mass of people which has been variously estimated at from 15,000 to 25,000 souls. : And of theft vast number it is safe. to. say that the fra, tion was a very small one that did not hope against hope that the representative horse df Victoria would win the the event of the day. The feeling is not only natu.ral, but conm mendable. But it was not to be. M4. Tait's splendid Icolt The Barb', already the winner of the Melbourne Cup, won almoist as he pleased. And not only so, but the aged Volu#tcer, belonging to the same gentleman, secured second, place; and the Adelaide Cowra was third. Of the other two horses that ran, both owned by Mr. Fisher, and on which the hopes of Victoria rested, one (Fishhook) bolted early in tile race, andothe other (Seagull) came in fourts, much distre sed.' That this valuable prize should have fallen tothe.lot of so good a sportsman as Mr. Tait is matter for con gratulation. As Victoria was not to win it, ,e know of no one to whom we would so soon have seen it fall; and the hearty cheers and congratulations with which he and his splendid horse were greeted must convince him that though we like 'to win we know how to lose without at the same time losing our temper. Had a Victorian horse won such a race on the lRandwick course we doubt whether the Sydney "peopled' would have cheered as-vociferously. And to show that there can be nothing to detract from the victory which The Barb won apparently without being pushed to his full powers, 'we may add that the time (5min. 38sec.) vas the fastest in which a three-mile race has been run in Australia, thus proving him' to be the fleetest horse ever foaled in these colonies. New South Wales has thus won the triple event. iHer representatives have triumphed over ours at the butts, in the crieket-fild, and on the racecourse. That she should be jubilant thereat who can wonder ? Shoruld we not ourselves have crowed just a little had the bbot been on the other leg? And shall we, then, feel aunoyed at her justifi&ble; glorification ? Not a bit of it. Let us set to work to learn the.lesson which defeat should always teach. We shall not piove ourselves to be what we so often boast we are-" noble sons of noble sires"-if wee ac cept these discomfitures as final. It scaircely comes within our province to furnish reasons why we have been so thoroughly beaten ; there will be a difference of-opinion on this point; buit we may say that those who have the management of these annual iiter colonial contests must not go to sleep at their posts, but -should at, once set to work to find out our weakness, and having done so, lose no time in remedying it. If they will only, do this con amore we shall perhaps be able next year to turn the t:ables on our now thrice victorious opponents. But there is one bitter drop in our cup of sweetness-a fly in the amber-a death's head at the feast. The terrible conflhgration at St. Kilda will make the memory of New Year's Day 1837 a sad one to many of our friends. The particulars of that deplorable event we give ulljy elsewhere,and. need not repeat- them here. But we cannot refrain adding our.voice to that of the multitude in condemnation of the wretched mismanage nent of our water-supply. He&e; is a fire breaks out in the thickest part of a populous suburb in the middle of the day, and when the hose is affixed to the main it is found 'he pressure is so weak as to be useless. And thus house after house falls a victim to the flames, all because the parsimony or negligence of the. Government does not provide a remedy. Such conduct is 'in excusable, and *we do hope that this calamity will rouse the public to such a pitch that the Executive will no longer dare to allow matters to remain as they are. Fortunately, tliere were no lives lost at the St. --Kilda fire, but had there been, andl we had sat on the jury, we should have stuck out for returning a verdict of manslaughter against, the department. It is monstrous that with such a supply of water stored up as there is in the Yan ..Yean reservoir, this necessary element should be dribbled out to us as though it-were worth its weight in gold. And the worst of it is, these short comings .always occur in hot weather, just when a plentiful supply is most'needed. A letter in another column from a-correspon dent discloses a state of things in connexion with the locality in which he,resides that is positively disgraceful; and we have reason to believe that-on the higher part of South Yar?a similar inconvenience is frequently experienced. Indeed, . it seems that the residents on the more elevated portions of the southern suburbs may feelingly parody the complaint of Goleridge's Ancient Mariner :- - " Water, watcr, everywherero But not a drop to use." We know the reply the department will make. They will tell us that there is only one main at the reservoir at Preston, and that it wvould not be:safe to put more pressure upon it: Admitted. But then why is there has been kaowvn loig enough for a second, or even a, third or a fourth, main to have been laid down were such requisite. And we demasd &that; such should bp done. We submit to a compulsory, water rate-a thing unknown "in"London; and we believe in England.and we have a right to at least a regular supply. If Government undertakes to supply us with water they must not cheat' us out o1 half our-right by arniggardliness which they ;o not show in otlher matters. They cannot find the money to lay a second water main to Preston-a work of. absolute necessitJr-notwithstanding they are re eiying. a handsome revenue in the shape of iwaterra es But this plea can be admitted no longdr. IThis terrible fire, if the 'inhabi tants onily do their duty, will..settle the question. We cannot afford to have another such a clonflagration with the means within our reach to prevent it. The second.main to Preston mnust be ,laid, cost what it may. Fortunately, Parliament' will soon meet, and w4et urge on Mr. Bunny to take the earliest opportunity of opening the ques tion. Withl this exception, our New Year has been a happy one. To-day, the Prahran Races'sill bring to a dlose the festivities by which we have welcomed its advesnt; and should we _le spared to witness its close, we trust we shall be ible to congratulate ourselves and our readers on its having been a prosperous one in the most extended sense of the vord 