THE NEWS OF THE DAY. The decision of the Steam Navigation Board, intlie matter of the collision between tho Luna and the Black Swan steamers, was given yes terday morning, at the offices of tho Steam Navigation BoarJ, Market-street. Tho mem bers present wore Capt. Matthews (chairman), Mr Stephens and Mr Sutherland. The follow ing is their verdict : — ' Tho board is unani mously of opinion that tho sole blame of the collision is attributable to the master of the Luna. Mr T. Webb, whose certificate issued from the Board of Trade, number 15,423, is hereby susp. ruled for a period of nine calendar months.' A studiously distorted account of the circum stances connected with the dismissal and re instatement of constable M'Glade, has been 'nlaced before the public. Some of tho most important papers bearing on the subject are in the hands of the Government Printer, and we shall he able to publish the true narrative in a day or two. The divcir .-it work at the Black Swan suc ceeded, yesterday, in recovering a portion of the mails. Wo aro informed tlint a new steamer, tho pioneer of r ;nonthly line of packets, was to leave Liv rrool about the beginning of the cn suing monfii ; and as the line is to be under the auspices of tho owners of the world re nowned Grrat Britain, there should he little doubt as to tho sucooss of the enterprise. What h-i- become of the select committee which is »u;-f osod to have the reputation of the hen. member for Dalhonsio in charge ? There was an imp vision that the report would be brought np mi Thursday, hut as yet the com mittee here marlo no sign. This delay seems all th' more unaccountable from the fact tli.it tho miterials for decision were so abundant, and arranged in so available a sliap e that dfc'diug could be little more than a matter of form. Seeing the tenacity with which. the u-m. member clings to his parlia ?lneut.iry position, wu can understand how truiy gr.it chil ho is to the Opposition, who are givi i^ l im such a long day, if not deferring judg.xm: altogether. Tho t;u:i of Searlo and Ballan, for the inu. i of 'Ir Burke, was continued, yesterday, at t U.ii! irat Circuit Court. Messrs Aspin all ami .'.'.ib, . wero exerting themselves very zea: . oiiy tn weaken the testimony against their elii ai.--. bat the witnesses did not seem to h i in. ; oi discomposed by the process. It wa- con.- : .'.-red unlikely that the proceedings would to I*:- .. i unto till late to-day. A rittine' of tho Divorce Conrtwas hold yes terday. bis Honor the Chief Justice being tho presiding judge. An application brought by -? M y. W. Henderson Campbell for alimony until Urn .'.itcrmination of the divorce suit pending i - r.ween herself and her husband, was settled r.'t of court by the respondent's agree lneui. 'to pry £3 3s a week, dating from tho 27th May last, and to continue until tire court m.i.'e its decision. In the case of Barratt v. Ban ut, £2 a week alimony was allowed to a wile n.iitt tiie court determined upon an ap plicM'hui v. 1 1 lob she had brought for a divorce. In Koibiii-.on v. Robinson, an application for ali mony; was refused, tho respondent showing that bo was ont of employment and had no income. Hiit Jvmor tho Chief Justice delivered judg ment ,v ? vrduy, in an action brought in the .X.i.nh alty Court, by the captain of the ship ivgbiiiigjls, to recover £530, an amount of i Vigr-s v. Jiieh ho alleged was due to hita, Thereipetnleatsiu the case ware the Melbourne Banking Corporation, who held the vessel under n mortgage, and they objected to tho olaim, which had been incurred several years before, their seizure, on the ground that it was im probable that the captain should have allowed it to stand over for so long. His'Honor stated that the captain's evidence had been given in a straightforward manner, and the respondents offered nothing more than a supposition to contradict it. He thought also that they had taken the vessel without a careful examination into the liabilics which might be hanging over it, and ho gave & verdict {or the captain for £511 10s, the amount claimed, lessened by a deduction of ono-third of tho amonnt due for a certain period during which heheld a one-third share in the vessel. We have Sydney files to tho 16th instant. In tho Herald, we find this announcement, re lating to his Excellency Sir John Yenng:— 'No notice of his recall has been received, as we understand, by his Excellency ; but' as he is anxious to reach Europe before oursummer, it may be expected that his recal will roach him so as to leave in October next. No ap pointment of a successor was made before the mail left, and no person is pointed out ns likely to obtain this government. Most of oar readers will regret the departure of Sir John Youngj Who has deserved, and obtained, the general esteem, beyond most of his predeces sors.' A large number of petty robberies and cases of ? housebreaking appear in Thursday's Police Gazette. Oa tho night. of the 12th inst., the shop of Mr Thomas Kidney, Smith-street, East Collingwood, was broken inte, and upwards of £90 in cash and a revolver Btolec. A quantity of clothing and wearing apparel was stolen from the dwelling of Mr James S. Henderson, Church-street, Emerald-hill, on the ? night of the 14th inst. Fifteen cases of horse and cattle stealing were reported to the police for tho week ending the 16th of July. ' On tho 16th ult., four bul locks, the property of Richard Abeam, Cattlo Station Hill, Creswick, wero stolon. Tho owner' offers a reward of £10 for tho conviction of the thief. Mr Candler hold three inquests, yosterday, at the Yarra Bend Asylum on the bodies of late inmates of the institution. Frances Hop kins, aged forty-five, was admitted to the hospitalin March, 1863, and was subject to fits of vomiting, refusing food for a month at a time.' -She had an unusually severe attack of vomiting some days since, and died on Thurs day last. Tho modical testimony went to show that death resulted from diseaso of the small intestines, and the verdict of the jury .was in accordance. James Maodonald, aged fifty years, was a patient in tho hospital since the 10th of April. Ho. was very feoble, being scarcely able to walk abont, and refused food for a month previous to his death, which took place on tho 16th. Dr. Rushall deposed that the immediate cause of death was disease of the heart and lungs, but there was scarcely an organ of the body healthy. The jary shaped their verdiot, accordingly. Margaret Korr, aged thirty-fire, was admitted on tho 9th of May lost, and was subject to constant and severe attacks of dysentery np to the time of her death on Thursday last.' : Tho medical evidence ascribed the cause of death to dysen tery, and the vor.liet returned was to that effect. ? ? The Ballarat Post is responsible for stating that the Hargreaves scandal has recoived an addition to its spiciness from tho rnmor, se riously repeated by tho Ballarat deputation to-day, that two groat companies who are dis satisfied on the reservo question,' have sent down a large 'sum of money to be lavished on M.L.A.'s. The business transacted, at. tho City. Police Court, yesterday, was entirely devoid of public interest. Tenders for the removal of tho wooden build ings in tho rear of the new post-office, were opened, yesterday, and the contract of Mr J . Grief, for £251 lis, was accepted. The second tenderer came to grief by only fourpenco half penny, that being the difference between the successful and unsuccessful tenderers. A large nugget of gold was found on Thurs day, at tho Hit or Miss Reef, at Vaughan, weighing 106 oz 11 dwt, by Richard and Ben nett Dunstone, two puddlers in that district, and about three foot from the surface. The locality of tho find is about 300 feet from Mr Bender aud party's patch. Mr Hcndor and party worked within seven feet of tho nugget on one part of their claim. The Daily News understands that an offer of £320 has been made for the nugget. In the Iusolvont Court, yesterday, his Honor the Chief Commissioner delivorod judgment in the case of William Cruickshank, of Sandridge, draper, and suspended his certificate for six months, on tho ground that he had not kept proper accounts. There was a farther exami nation of Charles Thomas, of Brighton, settler, but tho facts elicited were not of any public importance. The late Rev. Thomas Hinton Jackson, of Williamstown, will he interred in the Williams town Cemetery this afternoon. A public reli gious service will he held in the Congregational Church at half-past two, after which tho funeral procession will depart for the place of inter ment. A man who arrived in the town of Wood's Point on Monday last, states that two men on their way to M'Kenzie's got drowned in crossing the Goulbnrn, beyond Enoch's Point. ? From his statement the Times learns that eight men wero in a small boat, aud about to cross the river ; they were swimming a horse across at tho same time ; the animal refused to take the river, and in jerking back upset tho boat. Six of tho men got out on tho bank, and two were drowned. Mr Moore, formerly underground manager of the Lilydale Quartz Mining Company, has been missing from the Aherfoldy River, Gipps Land, for tho last six weeks. He left his mates at that time to prospect higher np the river, taking with him only sufficient provis sions to servo him for a couple of day'. Polico and miners have been in search of the missing man, but withoat success. From the Bendiyo Evening News we learn tho latest about tho new rush : — ' Tho rush at Myers creek is going a-liead.' The population has just doubled since Saturday last, and still theory is 1 they some !' Each day registers shafts bottoming on payable ground, and we may now venture to affirm that the long-lost lead has been discovered. Where it will end it is impossible to say, but there is room for a largo population. We heard last night of miners throwing up their constant employ ment for tho attractions of tho rush ; in fact, it is turning tho most sober heads.' Mr Evans, of Flinders-street, has desired us to offer the following explanation of his con nection with Mr Hargreaves. A friendship sprang np between them when passengers some years ago in the Golden Age. He met Mr Hargreaves one day, and ascertained from him that he had come lo Melbourne to get the balance of the money owing to liirn by tho Government, but that he found things so stub born and so much shyaess, that he doubted whether he Bhould succeed. Mr Evans thought ho could be of some assistance in introducing ' R''' to a gentleman who would, likely he of service to him, viz., Dr. Hickson, - a kind of. parliamentary agent, and under those circumstances ! he ? ' wrote the note to_ Mr Hargreaves, ' mentioned in the RbAse1'. Mr , Evans ' says -.that so, little Is 'hS acquainted with .parliamentary proceed ings; that ho has not been.in the Houso sinco the' commencement of the session, and does not know more than four members in it; and as:for thinking of bribery and corruption, his business and habits are utterly opposed to such things. Tho Grey River Argus notices a remarkable curiosity in the way of gold discoveries. It is ?simply a stick, or branch, or rootlet (ap parently of rod pine), of abont thirteen inches in length, and perhaps six inches in circum ference, much contorted and water-worn, in which arb imbedded a. number of nuggots and spocks of gold, besides a good-sized pebble or two, which ore nlso thickly in crusted' with n kind of scaly coating of ? the precious metal. There is one little nugget par ticularly so plaoed, and of such a size and shape as to remind one exactly of the .breast-pin in a very quiet old gentleman's cravat. Under every little knob or crevice in tho wood, whore there is a slight cavity for the gold to lodge thero gold is to be seen. It is much indurated, as though it had been sub jected to heavy pressure, and shows no appear ance whatever of an approach towards pctre faction. It was brought down to tho Warden's offico at Cobden, from Blackwall, whero it was fonnd by a man who was burning drift-wood. After having burnt a considerable quantity his attention was attracted by a glittering ap pearance in a piece he was chopping, and ho Was indncod to wash the ashes of the wood he had previously been burning, wbon ho suc ceeded in washing ont 2 dwt. Ho thon picked ont the piece which we are describing as a spe cimen, and found it so remarkable as to think it well worth preserving. Its appearance would suggest the theory of its having lain in the bottom of a stream, over which the gold was flowing, and which has been forced into the interstices of the wood whilo it was in a com paratively soft condition, and that it has since became hardened by the pressuro of tho depo sits that havo been formed above it. A person named Cooke sought to recover £15 from his landlord, one Corcoran, for illegal distraint for rent, in the County Court, yoster day. Plaintiff was n working jeweller, resid ing in Elizabeth-street, and lived in premises belonging to the defendant. He had occupied' another house of Corcoran 's, and for tho rent of this- he was in arrears three weeks. It waa to recover this amount the landlord distrained, bnt as he had given his assent to tho removal, his Honor held that. lie had no power to follow the goods, and found for the plaintiff for tho fall amount claimed. In Grundy v. Widgery, tho plaintiff, a commission agent, sued to re cover from tho widow of the lato Mr Widgery, solicitor, tho sum of £19 Is as commission for disposing of the business of the deceased. Tho defonce was that plaintiff had no hand in tho transaction, or thnt, if he had, he acted with out the authority of Mrs Widgery, Sir George Stephen, as a friend, having conducted the sale to an issae. Plaintiff was nonsuited, with £5 5s costs. ' The following return of the registration of livo stock imported into Old colony of Vic toria during the quarter, ending 30th Juno, 1867, is taken from yesterday's Government Gazette: — From Now South Wales: Bairns dale, 2262 cattle, 83 horses ; Belvoir, 1560 cattle, 174 horses; Cowana, 216 cattlo; Echuca, 7968 cattle, 57,397 sheep, 90 horsos; Orneo, 45 cattle ; Swan-hill, 300 cattie, 3313 sheep ; Wahgnnyah, 794 cattle, 5730 sheep. Queensland : Swan-hill, 530 cattle, 138 horse's. South Australia: Castorton, 2300 sheep; Harrow, 4900 shbep ; Horsham, 5020 sheep. Total, 13,675 cattle, 78,660 sheep, 485 horses. The Gazette announces that Epkraim Baber, Esq., Blackwood, and Charles William Roknor, Esq., Chiltorn, havo been added to tho roll of magistrates for the colony of Victoria. It is at length notified in tho Gazette that tho Governor, with tho advice of tho Executive Council, bos been pleased to appoint W. H. Barnard, Esq. (Roceiver and Paymaster, Bal larat), to act as official agent in and for the Mining District of Ballarat, vice Mr Carver, deceased. Wo learn from the West Coast Times that John Allen Kingsmill was brought np at tho Police Court, Hokitika, charged with embezzle ment of tho funds of tho Bank of New South Wales, on an information laid in Sydney. De toctivo Howard, of that city, who had arrested the prisoner at Greymoutli on Saturday, in tho branch bank, whore he was then employed, gave evidenco, after which the prisoner was committed to tho Hokitika gaol until tho arri val of tho Governor's warrant for his transmis sion to New South Wales. The exact amount of his alleged defalcations was stated to be £293, of which sum £238 was given np by the accused to tho detective who arrested him. Wo have advices from Hokitika to tho 10th, Greymonth 11th, Otago the 13th, and Lyttelton tho 9th inst. Some interesting selections will be found elsewhere. Intimation of tho death of Mr Joseph Yates, inspector for tho Bank of New South Wale's, has been received from the West Coast. There were few men more extensively known ou tho Victorian, Otago and West Coast diggings than Mr Yates, and his death will be heard of with regret by his many friends. Tho Waliatip Mail reports the death of a woll known resident on tho gold-fields, Mr James M'Betith, who died at Qucenstown, on the 29th ult. Mr M'Beath died somewhat unexpectedly, at an early ago. He and other members of his family now resident at Tuapeka and Hskitika, had long been residents on the Otago and Vic torian gold-fields. Relative to a brush with the natives at Opotiki, the following is a de spatch dated Wellington, 12tli July: — 'Mr Stafford has stated to tho House that, on tho 3rd inst., Bennet White and some natives wero attacked by a party of Hau-bans near Opotiki. Wkito and otic native were killed ; the rest escaped. White's head was found, oncf tho search party discovered tho body tomahawked and secreted in tho scrub. Tho bodies of tho long missing Bcggs and Moore wero found buried near their own whare. An action for libel has been commenced by Mr James Harrison against the proprietors of the Argtts. The Temperance, Hall, which has lately been entirely renovated, will bo re-opened on Wednesday evening with a public tea-meeting. The Rev I. New will deliver a lecture, on Monday evening, in the Oxford- street Church, on ' Oliver Goldsmith.' A Grand Popular Entertainment will.be given in the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald hill, on Monday evening, in aid of the Sydney floods relief fund. Tiie Flemincton Institute will give a special entertainment in the local town hall, on Monday evening, in aid of the suf ferers by the floods in Now South Wales. John Knox Church. — The Rev. J, S. Moir is announced to preach in this church to morrow morning, at eleven o'clock, and the Rev. W. R. Wade in the evening,' at half- past six. The Band in Fitzroy Gardens. — The head-quarters bond will play this afternoon, from three to five o'clock, at the Fitzroy Gai - dons. The following is , the programme — 1. March, ' Raditeky,'___Kttluier ; 2. Quadrille, ? . , . i . . . ? - t ) - . r t ?: -,L ? * J ? i ? ? ? Mnsen,' Strauss ; 8. Le Carnival de .Venise, Siede; 4. Overture, ' Freisohntz,' ^Weber. ; v5. Waltzi ' Grafenberger,' ' Grtng'l ; 6. Selec tions from 'Othello,' Rossini; 7. 'Galop, ' Biarritz,' Wagner. : to' ' : . , Emerald-hill Mechanics' Institute. — On Monday evening thero is to bo, a. grand, special entertainment given in the hall of the Emerald hill Mechanics' Institute, in aid of tho .flood relief fund. , The Fitzroy Readings will be bcldt in the Court House this - evening. Tho entire pro ceeds will bo handed over to the fund ,{01. the relief of the distress in New Soutlj^Wales caused by the late floods. ' v ?' Anniversary Sermons will bh7 proftencd in the . Richmond Presbyterian ' Church; ' tomor row. The preachers will .be JRowiAi D. Kinin mont. in the morning, : Rev. James. Taylor in tho afternoon, at three o'clock, and ,Rev. John \- Moir, of the. Scotch' College, .in the evening. Theatre Sabbath SERvicES.-pThdjRev. A. M. Henderson, having recovered from 'his late illness, will hold services as usual in the Theatre Royal to-morrow, commencing. in the., morning at eleven, and in the evening at half-past six o'clock.! ... . Missing ! Friend.— The following notice ap pears in the Polic Gazette : — ' Information is requested ' respecting John Da 'Marehie Sar vaas, who arrived per Forest Rights in January last, accompanied, by an illiterate.! woman named Bush, whom ho generally callod his wife.' .... . . Victorian Police Gazette.— The following award has been made to the undermentioned member of tho police force: — To Sergeant Henry Perry, at Melbourne, £1,. for bis ser vices in the arrest and prosecution of Mary Smith, alias English, and Margaret Thomp son, sentenced to six months for larceny. Toorak Entertainment. — The readings at. St. John's Schoolroom, en Thursday evening, drew a -largo audience. Tho readers wero Messrs, Wood, Rev. Mr Fellows, Atkinson, Robbing, and Goodman; Madams Pett presided at the piano. The singers were Mrs Perriman, Groube, Wilhilmi and Simmons. His Ex cellency's family were present. - ... TheatreRoyal. — ' The. Long Strike' was played for the last lime nt the Theatre Royal, yesterday evening, to n very, large audience, who gave frequent testimony to the popularity of the drama, bv their hearty applause. This evening, Mr Walter Montgomery makes his first appearance in Melbourne as ' V Hamlet.' Ho will bo supported by nn excellent cast, in cluding Mr Vincent, as Claudius Mr Lambert, Polonius; Mr Hurwood, the ? Ghost ; Mr Hall, Laertes ; Messrs Stewart and Hill* the Grave diggers; Miss Cleveland, tho Queen; and Miss Docy Stewart, Ophelia. ;'.-u ... - Football. — The Carlton Football Club practiso this afternoon oatho ground at the Royal Park, at half -past two. A match be tween tho Union and East. Melbourne Clubs will take placo this afternoon in the Rich mond paddock. The Melbourne end South Melbourne Clubs meet on the ground of the former this afternoon. The Melbourne side will be selected from the following gentlemen : — Messrs Bennie, Bell, Brnford, Harrison; Horan, Fleming, Freeman, Finlay,. Ferguson, Ireland, T. ; Hepburn, .©swald, ; Moody, T. ; Campbell, Don. ; Stodart, James pMack, Green, Wangh, R. ; Moody, M'Laughlin. ?. The St. Kilda Popular. Readings, on Thursday, wero for the benefit of. the sufferers by the New South Wales floods.; Tho attend ance was not numerous; but very select. His Worship the 1 Mayor . of St. - Kilda pro sided. Herr iSchott was the pianist, and his splendid playing was vey much admired. The Misses Easdown, .Mesdamos' Edmonds and Dudley, and Miss Bndden, the lady vocalists; Messrs Warner, Robertson, James Smith, C. Coles, C,' Howden, the Rev. J. H. Gregory and other gentlemen, contributors. I Master Martin delivered a pretty poetical address;) written for the occasion. :i i - West Melbourne Literary . Institute.— A meeting of the committee was hold last evening ; Mr Samuel Amess in the: chair; \ The only; business transacted,, was in. connection with the future management of the institute. , It was agreed to expend £5 in providing additional furniture; for the reading-room ; also, . that on the first Friday in: each month dnring the re mainder of 1867 a lecture he delivered to mem bers and others, and that tho secretary be in structed to solicit the co-operation of several popular lecturers. Tho third Friday in each month is to be set apart for popular readings. Mr Irvine intimated his intention of presenting the institute with half a dozen armchairs. New Church in Williahstown. — ' Ourlocol correspondent sends us the following : — A meetingoftheRoman Catholics ofWilliamstown was held, on Sunday evening last, in the school room, for tho purpose of raising subscriptions towards the completion of the Church of St. Mary's. The Rev. P. Riordan presided, and the meeting was addressed by him, as also by several members of his congregation. Reso lutions of a practical character were submitted, which met with the approbation of tho meeting, and tho utmost unanimity prevailed. A sum of £147 was subscribed during the meeting. An influential committee was formed, amongst whom are some of the most respectable towns men of an opposite persuasion, who have ex pressed their willingness not only to open their own purse strings, but also to give their aid as collectors. The committee met on Monday evening, when several tens and five pounds were added to the list previously opened. The Immigrants' Aid Society. — At tho weekly meeting of tho executive committee, yesterday, the superintendent made the fol lowing return : — Number of inmates in the Home, ns reported last week, 319 ; admitted since, 109 ; persons who have recoived out door relief, 460, or 121 families, . Total re lieved, 894. Discharged from the Homo during tho week, 114 ; total nt present remaining, 314\. Number of women siiirtmaking and horsehair teazing, 32 ; number of men oakum picking, 50; number of men stonehreoking, 25 ; number of men working outside, 6. Tho following sebscriptions were received during tho week, per Mr Goff, collector : — Miller and Johnston, £1 Is ; B, P. and Co., 10s ; Wilkie, Webster and Co., £1 Is ; Whitney, Chambers and Co., £1 Is ; J. P. Dalrymple, 10s ; Greig and Murray, £1 Is ; Win. Watson and Son, £2 2s ; and per the superintendent, £12 10s, from J. Henty and Co., being a half yearly subscription ; also two parcels of cast-oil clothing. 