AN AUTHENTIC NARRATIVE OP A HAUNTED HOUSE. {FVdfn the Dublin University Magazine.) I The child bad no idea of her having seen anything mora formidable than ? thief. With the prowling, cautions, and noiseless manner of proceeding common to such marauders, the air and movements of the man whom she had, eeon entirely corresponded. And, on bearing her porfectiy distinat and consistent acconnt. I could myself arrive at uo other conclusion than that a stranger had actually got into the house. I had, therefore, in the first instance, a most careful examination made to discorer any traces of an entrance having been made by any window into the house. The doors bat been found barred and locked as usual; but no sign of anything of the sort was discernible. I then had the various articles-plate, wearing apparel, books, dee, counted, ana after having conned over and reckoned up everything, it be came quite olear that nothing whatever bad been.removed.from,tho bouse, not was there the slightest indication of anything having been so much as disturbed there,.. I must here state that the child was. remarkably clear, intelligent, and observant; and that ber description of the man, aud of all that had oc curred, was inoit exact, and as detailed as the want of perfeot light rendered possible. I felt assured that au entrance had actually been effected into the hoase though fur what purpose was not easily to be conjectured. The man, Smith, was equally confident upon this point; and Ilia theory was that the objoot was simply to frighten us out of the bouse by mak ing us believe the house wot haunted; and he was more than ever anxious and on the alert to discover the conipiriators. It often appeared to me odd. Sveiy year, indeed, more odd, as this cumulative case of (he marvellous becomes to my mind more and more inexplicable-that underlying my sense of myateiy and ptwde, was *11 along the quiet assumption that all these occurrences were one way or another re ferable to natural causes. I could not acconnt fur tliem, indeed, myself, but during thejwhole period I inhabited tbat house, I never oncefelt though much alone, and often op.very late at night, any of those tremors and thrills which everyone has experienced when situation and the hour are favourable. Except the oook aod housemaid, who were planted with the shadow I mentioned crossing ana recroasing upon the bedroom wall, we all, without exception, ex perienced the same strange sense of security, and regarded these phenomena rattier with a perplexed sort of interest and cariosity, than with any more unpleasant sensations. The knookings which I have mentioned at the nnrsery door, preceded generally by the sound of a step on the lobby, meanwhile con tinned. At that time (for my wife, like myself was an invalid) two eminent physicianB, who came out occasionally by rail, were attending us. These gentlemen were at first only amused, but ultimately interested, end veiy much puzzled by the occurrence wheih we doscribcd. Quo of tlicm, at last, rccom monded that a candle should be kept burning upon the lobby. It was. in fact, a recurrence lo an old woman's recipe against ghosts-of coarse it might be serviceable, <00, against iinpottors; at all dveats, seaming, as I have said, very much puzsled, be advised it, and it wats tried. We fancied that it was successful; for then was an interval of quiet for, 1 think, three or four nights. Bat. after that, the noise*-the footsteps on the lobby the knocking at the door, and tne turning of the handle, rccommenoed notwithstanding the light upon the table outside I and theso partic ular phenomena became only more perplexing than ever. The alarm of robbers and smuggler* grad ually subsided after a week or two; bat we were again to bear news from the nursery. Our second little girl, then between ceven and eight years of age, naw in the night time-she alone being awake-a young woman, with black, or very dark hair, which bung laoie, and with a black cloak on, standing near the middle of the flnor, opposite the hearthstone, and fronting the foot of her bed. -She appeared quite unob servant of the children and nurie sleeping in. the room. She was very pale, and looked, the child aaid, both "sorry and frightened," and' with something very peculiar ana terrible about her eyes, which made (be child conclude that. she waa dead. She was looking, not at, bat in the directional the child's bed, and there wu dark stueak across her throat, like a acir with blood upoa it. This figure was not motionless, but once or twice turned slowly, and without appearing to be conscious of the presence of the child, or the other oocupants of tho room like a person in .vacancy or abstraction. There was on this oocasion a night-light burning ini the chamber; and the child saw, or thought she saw, all these' particulars with the most perfect distinctness. She got her bead under the bed clothes; and, although a good many years have passen ainoe then, sue cannot recall the spec tacle without feelings of peculiar horror. One day. when the children were playing in in the back garden. I asked them to point out to me the spot where they were accustomed to seethe woman who- oocaBlonallr showed herself sis I have de&oibed;, near the stable wall. There? was no division of opinion as (0 the precise paint, which they indicated in the most, distinct and confident way. I suggested that, fierhaps. something might be hidden there n the ground: ana sdvised them digging a hole there with their little spades, to try ttifc it. Accordingly, to work they went, and by toy return in the evening they had grubbed up a piece of a jawbone, with sever! teeth in it. The bone was very muoh decayed, and ready to crumble to pieces, but the teeth wero sound.. I could not tell whether they were human grind ers; but I showed the .fossil to one of the physicians I have mentioned, who came out the next evening, and be pronoanoed them human teeth. The same conclusion was come to a day or two late by the other medical man. I appears to me now, on reviewing tbe whoV. matter, almost unaccountable that, with such, evidence before me, I should out havs got in a labourer, and had the spot effeotually dug and< searohed. I can. only say, that so it was, I was quite satisfied of the moral troth of every word that bad been related to tne, and. which ( have here set down with scrupulous accuracy,. But I experienced an apathy, for which neither then nor afterwards did I quite know how |o. account. I bad a vague, but immovable im pression that the whole affair was referable to natural agencies. It was not until some lime: after we bad left the bonse, which, by-the-bye,. wu afterwards found liad the reputation qjj' beihg haunted before we had come to live in it^ that on reconsideration I dlscorereditbesarious. difficulty of accouuting satisfactorily- for «J1> that bad occured upon.ordiuary principles. A. great doal we might arbitrftriU'Set dfljrntD im-. ftfrinntion Bnt. even in so dowr. there-was, in limine, the oddity, not to say-tmpmlMUIity,, of so many different parsons Having atari* simulUuooiuly suffered fremdlffsaeat af»otrall and oibetsjlluslooi during theshott period fur wbioh we hadocoupled that houte. who oev.er before, nor, so. tar. as we learned, afterwatdfif. were troubleby anyfears or fancies of tho sort. There were other thing*, too, not to be §0 ftC-. counted for. The old knookings In the roofc I frequently leard myself, ? ~ There wert also, wliiob I before/bigot to mention, in the day -time, mappings |t< the doors of the sittinff rooms, which constantly deceived us; and it was not till our " come In " was unanswered, and the hall or passage vat side the door was discovered to be Ciitpte that... we learned that whatever else Caused lhetn^ human bands did not. All the Mtsona who,, reported having seen the differenV|jtersons$6r appearances here described by me* as confident sf having literally and diitinc!}^--' seen them, as I was of having seen.tha hard featured woman with tbe blind eye, soremark-. ably corresponding with Smith e description..' About a week after tbe discovery ef the teeth, which were found,I think, about two feet under Uic ground, a .friend, muoh advanced in, years, and who remembered the to IFB In which, We had now taken Bp oar abode, for* very lone time, happened to pay us a visit,J|e good-. hnmouredly pooh-poohed tlie wholetUng, but, t;( the tame time, was evidently curious Mont'. t. "We might construct a so.t ofatory" said I (I am giving, of course, the substance and: purpoit, not tho exact words, of our dialogue), "and assign to each of the three figures who. appeared tbfeir respective parts iu some dreadT fultragedy enacteaiorwb bouse. The male figure represents the nwdererithe ill-looking, oue-ejtsi woman- his aoeomplice, who we willt suppose, buried the body where she It now so. often seen grubbing In tbe earth, and where the hnm&n; teeth and jaw-bone haw eo lately been disinterred) add tne young-woman with, dishevelled tresses, and black Aleak, and the. bloody sear across her throat, their victim. A difficulty, however, which I cannot gel over, exists in the cheerfalness, the great pnbliclty, and the evident very recent-date of the house,"' .. Why, as to tliat,'said he," the house is not: modern; it and those beside it formed an oldi store and ware fitted up recently as you soe I remember it well well in my ypnng days, fifty years ago, before the town baai grotf n out in this direction, and a more entirely lonely spot, or one more fitted for the commis. aion of a secret crime, could not have been, imagined. - I have nothing to add, for, very soon after. this, my physician pronounced a longer stay! unnecessary tor my health, and we-took our departure for another place of. abode. I may add, that, although I have resided for consider-, able period! in many other bouses, I never ex- % perienoed any annqyances of . simillr kinla elsewhere; neither have I made (stupid dogljV you will say,) any inquiries respecting either' the antecedents or subsequent history of the ' bouse in which, me made *0 disturbed* sojourn,. I waaoontent with' what I knew, and have here rotated it as clearly as I could, and I: think it a very, pretty, pilule as it elands. 