fgUftvIIanrottig (Extracts. Seefents at Meals.—Some rabbits, so young as to be alraoBt helpless, were dropped into the cases of the rattle-snakes and pufi' adder. They were soon struck, but the venom was much slower in its action than I should have expected. The bite of both these species is said to be fatal to man, yet these small animals survived about twenty minutes. The bites were effectually giver., as in one instance blood oozed from the punctures, and in another it flowed from the r ose and mouth. I paid particular attention to the act of striking, having understood that cur English viper docs not, strictly speaking, bite—that is, does not close the jaws, but with die mouth wide open drives in the ' the fangs by a downward stroke of tile upper jaw. like the blow of a hammer. Tbe puff' adder, however, appeared to seize its prev with a momentary eripv leaving go immediately. — Hardaicket Science Gossip. The Peninsula op Sinai.—From our very childhood we have been taught to regard tbe Peninsula of Sinai as a hallowed laud, yielding tbe palm of sanctity to Palestine alone, as the scene ofthegivingof the law; as the natural cradle selected ' by God_ for the development and growth of His people into an independent nation; as the region to which the prophet Elijah directed his steps in his memorable flight from the cruel Jezebel; as the probable abode of the Apostle St. Paul, when he withdrew to Arabia after his miraculous con version, it is ir.deed a land full of sae.-cd associa tions. But apart from its great biblical interest, it is in many other respects one of the most remark able districts on the face of the earth. It is a country in the history of which geology must occupy a more than usually prominent position. Being (easential'y a desert region, yet at the same time almost entirely destitute of that niantleof sand which has enveloped and concealed the natnral features of so large a p erion of the African deserts, it owes its grandeur, no less than bs barrenness, to the nature of the rocks of which it is composed. It is difficult for those who live in such a land as ours, which owes its charms to its luxuriant vegetation, to conceive how a cranny which is described as being almost entire'.}' devoid of vegetation can have any pretensions to bcau'y. y ct, apart from all its sacred associations, I know of no countiy which impresses itself more vividly upon the senses than the southern portion of tbe Penitisulaof Sinai. " It combines the three grand features of earthiy sceitciy—the sea, the desert, and -the mountains.*' The lack cf vegetation is compensated for by the bright colours of the rocks, which, when lighted up by the rising or setting sun, produce an effect the beauty of which it is impossible to describe; the want of rivers and lakes is supplied with frequent views of the deep blue sea* which present themselves f . . from almost every point in the Sinaitic range; and the wild grandeur of the mountains, ever varying in form and structure, dispels the monotony which the absence of trees would otherwise beget.—Popular Science Review. Dreamland.—Tbe power which in our waking moments is employed in correcting tbe reports of the various senses by comparing them with one another, in examining the evidence of all the impressions made on the mind, and testing them by the analog}' of its past experience, appears in sleep to he, in most cases, totally suspended. I£ for instance, an impression is made on any one of the senses, tbe f anry immediately connects it with seme cause which has produced the sensation b-forc, or has been considered likely to do so. This is the philosophy of the ghost which is said to attend pork suppers. The weight of undigested food in the stomach is readily attributed to some external cause: f tncy combines all her ideas of the horrible, and ieurc-ents a monster seated on onr chest, or ready to crush us with some great weight. That tliis want of co-operation in the faculties is the cause cf some of the most curious phenomena of dreams is evident from many well-authenticated facts. Br. Beattie spcak6 of a man who could be made to dream anything by whispering in his car. Dr. Gregory relates of himself that, having once occasion to apply a bottle cf hot water to his feet when lie retired to bed, he dreamed that he was ascending the side of Mount Etna, and that he found the heat of the ground almost insufferable. Persons who have had a blister applied to tbeir heads have been known to dream or being scalped by a party of North American Indians. Such are some of the well-known phenomena of dreams, bst there are others even yet more startling. —CasseU's Family Paper. The Seaman's Scocbge.—Tlie old Bail maker frightened us by telling l is experience of the scurvy. When he was in tlie .pacific trade most of the crew had 6cnrvy more or less and in different ways, and he and four others were hoisted into the Dreadnought hospital-ship once like so much rotten carrion, so disfigured that their own mothers wouldn't have known them. The doctor told him that short commons, bad meat, or hard liviag helped to bring it on, but that want of vegetable food was the great cause of it. Good limejuice, which costs only a shilling a month for each man. and is ordered by Act of Parliament, invariably keeps it away, even if there be no potatoes or other vegetables Eerved out. But tartaric aci 1, citri: acid, suphuric acid, and other useless cheap stuffs are sold for it, and sailors suffer. The sail maker said that officers and passengers never suffer from it, no. not even convict--, because the law took care that emigrants, soldiers, and convicts should have preserved vegetables on shipboard and real limejuice, and not be crninmud into blade, holes. He had never been the same wan since he had the scurvy; it took twenty years from bis life, and made him liable to take any passing disease. The doctor told him to take a string of onions mid a bottle of salts of potash to sea with him, and rot to trust to the cheap '■ rash given instead of limejuice; and that vinegar didn't prevent the scurry though beer did. Many of the large ships belonging to good owners never have Hie scurvy when they berth their crews well, serve out potatoes and compressed vegetables and preserved meat now and then, and give full prices for good limejuice mixed with a little spirits, and sealed up in glass bottles. There was no scurvy in Yankee ships'; for, though they knocked their men about like dogs, they fed them like Christians, always giviug potatoes or preserved vegetables, cheap fruits, molasses, and treacle; and when they added some-beer it didn't sA much matter if the limejuice deteriorated.— T/te Argosy. Tftt Effect of Marbiage.—Doubtless you have remarked vih satisfaction boa; the little oddities of men who marry rather late in life are pruued away speedily after their martiige. You have found a man who used to be shabbily and carelcss'y dressed, with a huge shirt collar frayed at the edges, and a glaring yellow s 11k pocket-hand kerchief," broken of these things, and become a pattern of nearness. You have seen a man whose hair and whiskers were ridiculouriycutaepcedily become like other human beings. You have seen a clergyman who wore a long heard inalittle while appear without one. You have seen a man who used to sing ridiculous scntimei t.il songs leave them off. You have seen a mau who took snuff copiously, and who generally-had l.fsbreastcoycred with snuff, abandon the vue habit. A wife is the grand wielder of the moral pruniog-knifp. Had Johnson's wife lived there would have becu 110 hoarding up of bits of orange-peel; no touch: ng all the posts in walking along the street; no ealmg. and drinking with a disgusting voracity. If Oliver Goldsmith liad lecn married he vcu'd never have worn that memorable and i i iiculous coat. When ever you find a man whom you know little about, oddly dressed, ortalking ridiculously, orexliibiting any eccentricity of manner, you may he sure that he is not a married man, tor the little comers are rounded off, the little shoots are pruned away, in married mail. Wives generally - have much more sense than their husbands, .especially when their husbands are clever men.. The wife's advices are like the ballast that keeps- the ship steady.. They areli'se the wholesome, though painful shears; snipping oil' little growtlis- of self-conceit and folly.—Eraser's Magazine. The Mabble Palace.—Every room of: the long suite which tends round the square block: was opened to the pulilir. In other countries, so far as I hare seen and heard of the interior of palaces, even the- most favoured guests seldom, penetrate beyond the-state-rooms. Isis only the immediate associates of royal personages - who visit tlie apartments where the illustrious inmates actually live and dwell;.but here the doors of eveiy room, public or private,, were set wide open, just as if the guests had been a company of auctioneers about to Hi for the trappings and furniture of the palace. The custom does nor. perhaps, tally altogether with our English notions of privacy, but it certainly enhanced the splendour of the recepii>n. Instead of being cooped up in half a dozen halls, the tide of guests ebbed to awl fro through theeudless rows of rooms leading one into another. It seemed to me as if the long proces sion would never end. Out of halls blazing with, light and colour you passed iuto low giUeries; then into bed-chambers hung with rich tapestries; then into alcoves surroun led with gorgeous flowers; then into corridors where fountains sparkled brightly; ami then again into new ranges of halls, each more splendid than the lust which you had traversed. I have no doubt the space passed over was really very cousidciable; hut it seemed even greater than it was to persons like myself wandering from room to room, as the fancy wok us, without any clear notion of the direction in which we were going or the path we followed. And. as land-marks and sign-posts, there were stalls erected at every turn and coiner, where champagne b ittics were opened constantly forthe refreshmentof travellers wearied by their wandering-. I cannot give you a detailed catalogue of the treasures and riches displayed in that long labyrinth of chambers, to which there seemed-ivhen you had once entered it—to be neither end nor beginning: even if I could. I doubt whether I should convey by so doing any idea of wliac it was like. I can ou.y say that crumbing looked in harmony with the gold coloured uniforms and diamond-bedecked dressts of the goodlv com pany who keDt alidinsr noiselessly ever file ,;.o. carpets and inlaid Hoots. 1 he old nurseiy rhyme, "Upstairs and downstairs, and in niy lady's chamber," ran in tr.y head as we moved about the palace, going where and how we pleased. The very l<edroom of the Grand Duchess was net kept sacred from invasion. Except that everything was in order, and all the scent hottles and toilette ornaments were arranged symmetrically side by side, it looked like—what I believe it was—a room that had just been occupied by its owner, and would in a few hours be occupied again. Even more curious was the Grand Duke's own study— the room where he wi ites and reads. Fitted up in the old l'uisian style, with wooden panels and Dutch tiles, ithorc all the appearance ofasnuggery in constant use. Papers, letters, and telegrams lay unopened on the study tables; there were models of shin", stuck about the walls, charts of different countries, photographs of private fi iends. English books stood upon the book-shelves, and English newspapers were kf ; open upon the stands; and, unless I am much mistaken on a mint of which 1 have some experience, the aroma of strong fragrant tobacco pervaded the apartment. People who are intimate wi'h the Grand Duke says thai lie prefers this homely study to any of the splendi l rooms with which his palace abounds. IV hen 1 had the honour to he presented to him as a strangi r. dining the course of the evening, liis first question was whether 1 had seen the room in the palace which he had had arranged in the old Eussiau style. Though p.i ling himself on representing what I suppose one ought to call Muscovite Toiyism, the Grand Duke Coustav.tine is, 1 should gather, more English in his tastes and likings than the more liberal members of the Impct i.il family. He asked me several questions which showed a very int imate acquaintance with England, and told me, I recollect, amongst other things, that he had never felt so proud in his life as when he saw a game of chess he had played published as a model in an English newspaper. I.css tall and stately than any of his brothers, he has inherited more of the keen Russian look than has fallen to their share, and has. moreover, an air of restless wanting to ther softer feat-ires. JZitas a 'turnip the Jtfamaoc of the Czarevitch. Bu Edward Dicey. 