PADDY TO LORD DUFFERIN. Ah 1 my lord, I read your lordship's letters from high latitudes. I was proud of you and wished I had been a sailor beside you on board tho Foam ; but I saw you in tho wrong place the other day. You appeared in tho Times, If you- had a word to say in defence of your bleeding country you would not be permitted to say it in tho pages of that Fenian organ. Do not suppose that I uso this Inst expression without due deliberation. The Times has always used its gigantic power to villify your country and create disunion between John nnd Pat ; therefore, 1 say again, it is tlio friend of The Dai/// News says, " You aro an ami ablo and accomplished peer." I endorse; that definition, and what is more, I nm ready to admit that if nil Irish landlords were liko yonr lordship Ireland would bo happy and loyal, aud never dream of tenant right or Fenianism. You know Paddy well? Didn't ho lovo " the ould ninsther?" Is thero a man in tho world would "go farther for his honour?" Look at bint when he meets the ruined scion of a noble old house. Does lie remember the diticrenco of religion? Does he remember anything but tho presence of fallen power, nnd tho duty prompted by his generous heart? Not that heart is kin dling in his eye as he passes uncovered by the great great great grandson of "the ruined old masthcr." Puddy worships a true gentleman. I am not surprised to know that your lordship is a favonrito at home ; but from the majority of the order you defend what has ho received in exchange for loyalty and lovo? Oppression and wrong! The love for the ould masthcr is dying in him ; he turns to the land of the West, and hopes to find there "a homo " far from his nutivo land. For his own sake I hopo he will remember himself, and forget his country. That expression touches my heart, but I cannot blot it out. 1 love my country too, but I love the people more. Your lordship places beforo tho public a series of propositions five in number. It just occurs to mo. that you may wish to know what Paddy himself has to say ou tho question of emigration and land laws. I shall placo tlio propositions in proper order, and givo you my opinions on each. " 1. That tho.cmigvatiou from Iroland has been a curso to that country. , No my lord, emigration has been a blessing 1 It was fortuunto for those who escaped from land lordism. " 2. That this emigration has been occasioned by the eviction of tho rural population by thoir' landlord." Not entirely. The growing spirit of independ ence prompts Irishmen to exchange slavery for liberty. Whoro is the slave that would not bo is own master? " 3. The acts of eviction in Ireland' nfo to bo attributed rather to tho cruolty and injustice of tho landlords, than to any failure on tho part of thoso evicted to fulfil their legitimate obligations." No. Cruelty or injustice had very littlo to do in tlio business. The misfortunes wcro created by their want of knowledge. Remember, wo havo fivo million acres waste and rcclnimablo. That is a fact ; would it not occur to you as evidence that landlords had not discharged their duties? On this point I am a compctont witness. I have reclaimed moors that pay 40 per cont. on tho ex penditure. I know of my own knowledge that there aro nearly a million acres unreclaimed in IrcTnnd tint would pay ns well. Tlio proper management of a large cstato requires scientific skill and constant attention. Is it reasonable to suppose that these- qualifications oxist amongst the majority of Irish land agents, who happen to to he captains and attorneys? Is not your lord- ship well aware of tho fact that an Irish landlord would mnko tho man in the moon his land agent if ho had money to lend? and would be ever troublo his head about tho management of tho estate ? Not bo. It often occurred to mo that tbe owner of an Irish estate ought to stand tho test of a competitive examination, and bo declared by tho law tlio owner in fee whon ho had proved in some public court tint ho wus fit to bo tho guardian of national property or his own. If tho landlords don't take this bint to themselves, they may deem it very suitable for their agents. Nos. 4 and 5 rcquiro an especial notice. Every man of common senso iu Ireland knows they con- tain unanswerable accusations. Now, my lord, you havo Paddy's candid opinion on emigration and its causes in the preceding lines ; tho other questions will occupy less space. Hear him ; ho tells you plainly, through mo, that " it is impossiblo to make laws that would placo the tenant in n safe position and satisfy tho land lord." Tho question is in ft nutshell, and must ho settled by England. America 13 now within tea days of us; for £10 tho Irishman may transport himself to tho rolling prairies of Texas, whoro I saw land ns good as any in Iroland sold for ever at four dollars an acre. Nothing but tho forco of habit, tbo want of monoy, or lovo of country could induce any man to livo without a lcaso on an Irish estate managed by an Irish attorney or a local tyrant and a pack of ruthless bailiffs. Tlio quostion is— landlords or tenants? Legislation on the subject in any other direction is waste of time. Tho Irishman, wherovor ho is, loves his country, and would come ns an invader or liberator if ho could. Tho American Fenian is nota patriot, ho is merely a catspaw iu tho hands of tho 'cute Yankee. Fcuiamsm may die out without doing any harm, it does not trouble me at all, I lmvo nothiug to lose. The man that lives in another's house is not alarmed by tho storm. Pause, my lord, beforo you say another word in favour of Irish emigration. Look at Europo bristling with bayonets and ready for war. It will ho time enough to say, " let them go," when England proves her supremacy on tho new system in mortal combat with the fleets of America or Franco. Do not bo remembered hereafter as ono of those whose counsel tended to destroy a mighty empire. I seo it clearly. Tho depopulation of my country means the destruction of England. Let us got rid of oppressive laudlords by Act. of Parliament; make Paddy a free man; and then his grateful heart will prompt htm to declare in presence of the world — " Tho United Kingdom is my native land." I have tho honour to be, my lord, tho son of a Paddy that fought at Waterloo, aud your lordship s very obedient servant, G.A.K. Dreamland. — Tho power which in our waking moment is employed in oorrecting tho reports of tho various senses by comparing them with one another in examining tho evi dence of all the impressions made on tho mind, and testing them by tbe analogy of its past experience, appears in sleep to bo, in most cases, totally suspended. If, for instance, an impression is mado on any ono of tbe senses, tbo fancy immediately connects it with somo cause which lias produced tbo sensation before, or bos been considered likely to do so. "This is the philosophy of tho ghost which is said to attend pork suppers. The weight of undi gested food in tho stomach is readily attributed to some external causo ; fancy combines all her ideas of tho borriblo, and represents d monster seated on our chest, or rather to crush us with same great weight. That this want of co-operation in tho faculties is the cause of some of the most curious phenomena of dreams, is evident from many well authen ticated facts. Dr. Bcattio speaks of a man who could bo made to dream anything by whispering in his car. Dr. Grogory relateB of himself that, having once occasion to apply a bottle of hot water to his feet when he retired to bed, he dreamed that ho was as cending the sido of Mount Etna, aud thnt ho found tho heat of tho ground almost insuffer able. Persons who have bad a blistor ap plied to their heads lmvo been known to drenm of being scalped by a party of North American Indians. Such are some of the well-known phenomena of dreams, hut there nro others even yet more startling. — ' Cassell'a Family Paper.' A Goon Height of a Story.— Fnoir a Toler ably Tall Collection. — Apropos of long hows, Dick Waller, an old trapper, tells a story an fol lows:—" Ono day I was out huntin' in tho Rockies, mi' gcttin' a lectio way out o' the rcg'lnr courso, I at last fetched up at tho foot of tho highest moun tain I ever seed. I thought I'd crawl to tho top, tin' take a look to ceo where I was. Wnl, I con tinued on fur about a week, and at last I got to the top. But I could see nowhcrcs nor nothing, for I war up too high. All on a suddent, a notion tuck mo to fire of Olo Roarer, an' sco if I couldn't skcor up something. But not sccin' anything after tho report, I concluded I'd load up again. Wnl, it jest so happened thnt it war about tho timo o' the new moou ; and as sho war a sniliu majes tically by rac, an' bavin' nowhar's else to put tho powder-flask (ye sco tliar war no trees up so high), I jest fling the string of tho flask over the pint o' her horn, and proceeded with tho business. But. by cracky, when I'd rammed the ball home, and reached for tho flask, it warn't thnr— the moon had been goin' all tho timo, and was a good ways off." "Ha! lift 1 " laughed onO of the listeners, thinking he had the old fellow in a tight place, "What did you do without your powder?" " Why," said Dick, " I jest waited about until she kirn round next night, and then tuck it offl " An indiscreet man confided a secret to another, and begged him not to repeat it; " It's all right," was tho reply, " I will bo as closo as you were." 