CORNELIUS O'DOWD ON PROMISCUOUS BATHING.-People meet for the first time in circumstances of such mingled absurdi ty and freedom, that, all the usual re straints of society withdrawn, they have to make up a code of behaviour to suit salt water, and to be relinquished as soon as the persons have resumed their clothes. That is to say that between the lady in wet drapery, and the gentleman a la Gabson, a score of pretty little fami liarities are practicable that would not be tolerated for a moment when the re spective parties have got back to clothes. So that however shocking at first to your feelings, you will at last reconcile yourself to the fact that the nymph with whom you have disported like a river god half the morning, or the siren over whose swimming lessons you have presided, lending a hand in the most literal sense to her first flaunderings, will cut you dead when she recovered ber crinoline and re sumed her pork-pie. It is in vain you ask yourself, how is this ? how has that young hoyden with whom you have romped in the rough sea not more than an hour back stiffened into a glacier of propriety on shore? Is there some subtle chemistry in sea water? Can it be that those phosphates sulphates exert some extraordinary magne tic influence over the nervous system ? or are we really such creatures of clothes, as Mr. Carlyle says, and is all our civilisa tion a matter of some yards of a texible fabric without which we are Fijia or Fans, or anything else as primitive ? Are we, in one word, so artificial that all our thoughts and words and looks are regula ted by our dress ? and are only natural when we have next to none on us ? If this were the case, what inestimable benefit would the recognition of the fact confer on humanity! How much more swimmingly-I am not punning-a court ship would go on where the parties had divested themselves of their reserves along with their garments and came forth in all the candour of a bathing-dress ! What an effect would it have in court, if by any mischance broken pledges should lead to a legal redress, to hear-'"She told me so in the water;" "He swore it in the sea;" "Itwas half ebb when he asked me to float with him for ever.'"- Blackwood. PASTO&ai.; Phewomeha.-Some fine country has been discovered on the Paroo. On one station .there are about two hun dred springs great and small never failing. In some tbe water is quite hot in the coolest day. There are aho three lakes, and an innumerable quantity of creeks. The run (1400 square miles) is estimated, in ita natural state to carry 14,000 sheep and by a little outlay double that number. The hot water of some of the springs ra pidly cools, when exposed to the air. Sheep can be yarded all over the run, as water is to be had anywhere in soft sink ing. The facts are worthy of the atten tion of our philosophers. The Paroo coun try seems to be " blowing hot and cold" at one and the some time. . A CLEVER Via.-We have an extraordi nary pig among the regular visitors of our business premises. There is nothiug very unusual in his ordinary appearance; he runs along upon all fours, and grunts and squeaks as circumstances require, in very much the same way as other pigs. But he has been seen lately several times in our own back yard, sitting upright, just like a Christian, and employing his fore legs as if they were arms, in seizing and shaking the drooping branches of the peach trees. When piggy has shaken off as much fruit as he thinks will answer his present purpose, he gravely relinquishes his hold, resumes his ordinary posture, and very deliberately enjoys the desert his extraordinary sagacity has provided. Sometimes he makes a blunder in calculating the capacity of his stomach, and then be returns to the same spot, again sits upright, and gives the boughs another shake. Several persons have witnessed these performances, and ex pressed their astonishment at the sagacity displayed. We believe the pig, which is apparently eighteen months old, is the pro perty of Mr. Morgan Poole of Tisonee. Manning News. Paz'S PUZZLE.-In a jovial company, each one asked a question. If it WBB an swered he psid a forfeit; or if be eonld not answer it bitnself he paid a forfeit. Au Irishman's question was, " How does the little ground-aqnirrel dig his bole without showing any dirt about tbe entranoe I" When they all gave up, Pat said, " Sure, do you see, he begins st tbe other end of the bole." Oue of the rest exclaimed, ''But how does he get theref" "Ah," said Pat, "that's your question-oanyou aoawer it yourself? " There was a deacon of a church of the name of Day, by trade a oooper. One Babbath morning he beard a number of boys who were playing in front of his house, and be went oat to cheek the Sab bath profanation. Assuming a grave coun ts nanoa, he said to them, " Boys, do you rsaeasber what day is this f' " Yes, sir," replied one of the boys, "Deacon Dsy, the cooper." Haquiebiu BBBtrKK.-A summons case at the Central Polios Conrt, Sydney, for insulting words, in which Mr. Cory and Mr. Carrol, solicitors, were engaged by the litigants, was abruptly adjourned by the jastioea, Messrs. Pinhey aad Dangsr, on aooount of the language used towards each other by the opposing lawyers, in tbeir oversea! for their respective clients. Mr. Pinhey and Mr. Danger took their eeats on the bench to bear what Messrs. Carrol and Cory had to say in extenuation of their conduct. Mr. Carrol aaid that he regretted be should ao far have forgotten himself as to be guilty of conduct so unbecoming bis. profession, and so wanting in respect to the bench. He begged to apologise for the language made use of. Mr. Cory hsving also apologised, Mr. Pinbey said, happily it seldom falls to the lot of man to witness suoh a scene in a British oovrt of justice- . suoh a soene as took place witbin these ] Wis yesterday : the actora in which uu- j seemly brawl were, I regret to say, meui bars of a profession who ought to lead tlie ?tn of order and decor am, md strengthen the hands of those in authority, and show, at all times, mtrked respect for decisions arrived at by the bench, as well «b aeduously endeavour by every means ,in their power to suppress the leant semhlanoe of even can approach to any irregularity. I do not desire suddenly to erase from my mind tha fact that bv mod through tbfe personal altera tion of the two gtnllemen alladed to the | bnsiness of the eonrt was brought to a dead lock, necessitating the abrnpt termination of the public business. I think myself and ) brother magistrate fell short of our duty in not committing yon both for contempt of court, which might possibly-nay, probably would have acted a« a lesson to others wbo are showing some disposition to follow in your footsteps. I (rust that MO long as I bold her Majesty's commission as a Justice of the Peace I may never see or hear of ' such an inversion of that which we in tuitively know should be guarded with a jealous eye. Your apology is aocepted, I and my original intention of doing that which would have been most inimical to my feel'ngs is set at rest. Mr. Dangar | said, I entirely endorse the observations of ; my brother magistrate. The offence was one of an unbecoming charaeter, and if yon had not apoligised I should not have hesitated to deal with yon under the pro visions of the Polioe Act, for we have the power, though the offence was committed yesterday. You have allowed your hasti ness of temper aod teal to overcome, yoirr discretion. Safch aoeoes betweeri opposing advocates are unseemly, yet I have no < doubt sunt will 6e repeated ip a. few days. 1 I hope they may not, for I shall take very j summary steps to pnt an end to tbem. Some allowance can t>o made for an at- I torney's zeal for his client, bat there is a limit. I hope this over-xeal may not be re- j peated. I accept the apology offered bjf I you, and I hope it will not oosar-again. The case in whioh Messrs. Cory and Oarrol were engaged was then resumed and con cluded.-Empire. DBEA.MLA.KD.-The power which in oar . waking moment is employed in eorreoting the reports of the verious senses by compar ing them with one another in examining the evidenee of all the impressions nude on the mind and testing tbem fey the analo gy of its past experience appears in sleep to be, in most cases, totally suspended. If, for instance, an impression is made on any one of the senses, the fancy immediately con nects it tritb some cause which has pro duced the sensation before, or has been con sidered likely to do so- This is the philo sophy of the ghost which is said to attend pork sappers. The Weight of' wndlgested food in the stomach is readily attribute^ to some external cause; fancy combines all her ideas of the horrible, and represents a monster coated on our chest, of Hither to crash us with same great weight. That this want of co-operation in the faculties is the cause of some of the most curious phe nomena of dreams, is evident. from many well authentic fasts. Dr,. Beattie speaks, of a man wbo could be mads.I# dreamany thing by Whispering id his ear. Dr. Gregory relates of himself .that. .having, once oooaaion to apply a'bottle of hot water to his feet when he /re^ir^d, to, bed, ; ha dreadied that be irias ascending thtfsid*' if Meant Etna, and that be (ootid the beat»( the ground almost insufferable. Pwsoni who have had a' Mister 7«pnli#d to '*faeir beads have been knoyn to dream of being scalped by a party of North American In dian*. Such are~some of thsr well-known phenomena of dreams, hot then are others even yet more etartliog.-Oa*$eWf Family Paper. !": A woman named Mary Anne BartleM is now in enstody, charged with bigamy; she was married here about, tpro years *fOi since which time she has l|keq (wo more husbands, the former ones still Jiving. Tier last victim believed'he had the worst rfthd bargain, Uid an jnfonmlion against her, on which she was brought up and committed for trial.-Roma Oorrtspondtrt tf Ae Guardian, Jbbemt CATNACH OP Sjevbn DIALS. To him is due the honour of first publishing "songs three yards apeuuy'V-aprwa which in former times was charged for a single bal lad. ^ His accumulated stock of son pi, last dying speeches, murders, doubtful slanders, Ac., was something immense ; and,. prior to rotiring f rombusiuess.be is aaid lto have amassed a fortune of £10,000. During Queen Caroline's trial he conld not produce his sheets " beamifally illustrated" fast enough to supply the. dettand. His haira presses were going night and day, and many a weighty load of "coppers" his journeymen took away with them j for, as we have been informed by an old journeyman printer, he. always paid their wages in ooppert.-Thet Stationer and lirncy Jroie Rqnier. At a printsra'featjvd ktajy hpH, Iba fol lowing toast waa'offered; "JVoWep- second only to thd Press in the dissetmMuoo of news." , The & M. Herald"! btwt tolegnm from Emu Creek rutts^ as ' follows:--"The amount bought during the'past week. has been very small, not more than 50 ounoes in all. The same hot dry days and cold cloudless sights continue, and water is getting every day more scarce. There are numerous reports of new discoveries of al luvial ground, but none .Tetified as yet. News from Forbes is improving. A new rnn of gold is reported to be opened on Thompson's lead. About 200 men are working at it, but water is as scarce there as here. It is said Aat with water the month's escort from, Forbes would be 6000 ounces. With the water we shall be able to show a larger yield than over here. A great many more toms have been made, and when the water failed then were twenty toms at work at one dan only ' LankyeyV They have toms ttrtugh now to wash out fiom 21000 to, 2500 ounces per week. A gentleman who has just come from the south country reports all the country he has passed through to be completely dried Im burnt up. There is no sign of vegetation to be seton *ithiti miles of the Weddin on erary ride. A bad look out for stock dnring the winter if the rain does not come shortly., People are beginning to talk seriously here about the snpply oi water for domestic purposes. The springs in use an run ning very slowly, and many- hue ceased to run altogether." THE Eie OF THE UNSEEN.-It becomes ob «t all timed to r»«U»e the thought that Q-od is actually & spectator of our deeds and words, ana erait ih the. imagination of our hearts; and that his eye is continually running to and fro throughout our com munity, beholding here both the eril and the good. Let ua for a montant think of his actually manifesting himself among u«, in the divine person of our lord, and now walking our streets, to ^scfr^fav the true moral elate .pf our .population. What sentiments, may we suppose, ? would be awakened in the mind of Jesus, as he be held the gay throijfliqioijr^iief thorough fare*, and looked lntQ'ttreirprinciples and their emotions f What repugnance would he feel when, repairing ,to the iiusy Bcenes of our oouunercial transactions, ue took knowledge of the Acts, aad scrutinized into the eeerefa which he might there discover. Did he enter into oar various moneyed institutions, and, personally in specting all their plan* ^aa^ tiieir proceed ings, bring them to £Ke strict test of what he requires in holy spripture j did he visit for awhile our court* of justiae, end un ravel all the mysteries of iniquity to be there disclosed;' did he repair to oar dramatic schools of morals, bo called; did he then visit our private dwellings, and follow us in our employments and recrea tions, from our first wakfaigthouglits until we close our eyes upon our pillows; and did he examine our principles and motives, so little (n confyrmity w'^h /hjii, will, and. so little aiming at his glory, we should all stand guilty before him, and, falling at his feet, cry " O Lord, thonaonoflJavid, Lamb of God, that, tykegt away thetiusof the world, have mertjvupou ufc" Eaaoas or tki i Woehd.1-The little I have seen of the world teaches me to look upon the errors of others in sorrow, not in anger. When I take the history of one poor heart that taejoMdjuid suffered, and represent to myself the struggles and temptations it has passed through, the brief i pulsationa '.at,-, joy,, the ieveran inquietude of hope fend fear, the pressure of want, the detertion ef friends,! tromd fain leave the erring .soul of jay feuow man with Himfrom-whose hand it came. -Longfellow. A. South Australian former^ writes to. the Border WatefyMfqllQWt, with respect to the best means of preventing bush fins: -" First as to bush fires on runs, plough from 60 to .lOO'ffeet ali round the inside of the fences; barrow i the «ame, and the following year this will produce a crop of what is called silvtir grass, which can be burnt off two or three weeks before the more useful and nutritious grasses will bum. In cultivated fie}d>> cut for hay round inside of fetfeM, having been rooted so as to cut,close to the ground. Xhia can. be out for hay three or four weeks before harvest, and would then give a stack for the harvest. If hay is not wanted, then sow on one aide of the field potatoft, and mangold or lucerne; on the other side turnips, or what is very much in vogue in America, cows peas. As to protection of dwellings, have house in centre of gae^eu,fjff, Jiajf aa acre; hare well dtose to barn, admit the cattle on both sides that til' round the traffio will . convert the spaces into dust Some care less fellows may say this is. too muck trouble,-orI don't want hay or potatoes or mangold, or anything but wheat.* Let > me tell such that the .way to get wheat i» not to he powipg wheat for ever on the same ground, but fallow a third or fourth of their farm every year; if a third or fourth of every farm was in fallow no such extensive fires jvould take place, and the nild "weiild to equally abundant, an so positive as not 70 consult their own interest^ the Government could compel them by enactment to enforce some such preventive measures as the above, and thereby save -the many thousands of property that are annually lost bv fires.'* Luh ib Vahitc.--OU1 for s Polonios in petticoatv*o.glfce:*otne -eonnd edfiee to our wo sen on the subject of dress I Daily thsir costume waxes more meretricious and flashy* > -A fashionable belle, in promenade attire, has nearly sb much ribbon about her as would sulfide to decorate a prise ax at a cattle show. Do you know, young ladies, what the Parisians call those long, gay 'streamers that dangle front yonr hwqaej, aad hats, and shoulders ? Their French name is " tuivez vtoi jtvnt Komi%t"-* in p!«in English, "follow ms young man," and truly, as they fioftt aft from your pretty figure-htafr, that is etaotly what they seem to say. If the words were imprinted upou tliem in gold letters, the invitation would scarcely bfe «dre significant. Do the ladies intend to wear those, little coronal patobei which they are pleased to oall Cataiaiut, . Chignon*, Ritlorit, and Lmballet this win : tsrr If so, we usy congratulate the phy sicians on their prospects. They will nave plenty of neuralgic cases." Ot all the ab surdities sanctioned by fashion within our remejBttffrioti tha ladies' fctta, ito-talled, now in vogue, are,th? most ridiculous. An un sophistibited Mate would probably suppose that our fashionable ^vomen had no hair on the.top of their heads, and crowned tbem selv'es with scraps of velvet, silk, Jaoe, eto., in order to conceal their baldness. Perhaps it is to prevent suoh a natural suspicion from arising in eivilis*d breasts that they ? display eaon a profusion of fibre In the ' shape of " rats," ringlets, coils, and water falls. The . billows that one sees " curling their monstrous heads," in a storm at sm, would teem to be the models after whioh oar mo&ern; bdles tempettify fcheir"wealth of hair." There is this difference, however, bstwosn lbe: heads ofthe billowsahi the heads of the belles; the curls of the former are a part of themselves; those of the latter are not! We undsratsnd that Mr Maealister and Mr. Gore are expected to leave Melbourne '. to-day by steamer for Sydney, and that they will arrive here about die middle ef next week.-Courier. 