THE BORDElt DUTIES, Evert now and then crops put this- uuplc-iitant quebtiou—which, like BaVquo's ghott, destroys all intercolonial hapiiiutss—.WLat shall, be done with the bonier dnl.es ? Ihe- Alurray—:hat great inland higfew a)-cannot- be allowed to . purtae its noble mission of joining and cement: tag logttiter colpimts of difieieiit countries and creeds, Eimplj by the bond oi com met ce, withoui endangering nmiual recrimination and dissatis-' faction, hj .t.he establisliojent.of cpj.refEive and mltqual buidiiis. Were'ili'e.''oj>j.vwU(iii'\to the . Border duties confined toYictoiiajig, it might be .' Utkcn for granted that -although the. ittijosts iaigbt be "ohj; ctiouable io tome partits, yet their .genua) ;-tjjaracu r. Wiis bwitficial. It v^uid -be difficult, io .fiud^xjiie defender of • theBB objeel iorable. lolls. Souie <orrcspoudeuce has lately taken place between tl.e several •. goveni.ments : inteiestedin -this'Subject, and the result has btenlhttt a eonference mli be lieid in TWeltoume in a aay or two. with ihe view of "pernjaEeDtly iettiing lhe disputed qneEtion, '-It is yjt at all creditable to the intelligence of \--eithir tin's or-the aster colony of Kew South Wehs, that ibis bone of contention has «zisitd >-ip ltng, ifis io^ablj apgareqt thai on- the fo^mir of. Mr Paries to; this co^ony^he if tliere had existed moderation, in the counsels of-tlie etfttesmen^f.the sifter cplojiy."" JJ6w>t)ie jmatter'^as.been >pery Aucli ^iilprifiecfj'byithl -admission, on the part of Victoria,ofthe ''right of New South Wales to the revenue defivud' from, dutiable goods consumed by her population^ but supplied by Tictoiia. This simplifies the matter, and it should be comparatively easy to decide. how this rev£nne can J , wilh the least inconveBience to those ; immediately interestiug jbe . best . secured to thel.sister colony. jOrte proposition made.by our GozejTi; ment is that~-*6 ; shail Im'Jt Njoties r id |- lected on the Murray, paying to'-New South -Wales the amqunt.deuvable. from the dutiable goods, estimated., iby. persons appointed by. the Governments of both'colonies, Iq. be consnmed by the population who, dwelling -across the Mutray. draw their supplies cither' from" tliie colony or South Australia^ Victoria, retaining five per cent, for theccst of collection, au<j also asum'whici), by the 'same assessors, shall be. deemed equivalent to the -duties collectable liy Victoria, on goods entering her territory from New.South Wales. If the population iiasis for d^&mir.ing; .the. aijdunt ,."cf jlutie's j)e <iliii>fl; d to, our Goveroment propoBP,,aB atraitematlvt, that the f um fihoulil he decidid by the revonue! actually collected on the Hurray^roin the !,U of July, 1861, to the-3Gth ; June, 38(3G. Of couise, in order to carry out either of these arrangements, it would he necessary that- the coutrol of the Murray chould he. vested in Victoria. It i8&lso; proposed that the .expense of improving the river should be borne equally by both colonies. In the event of no arrangement being arrived at by which the removal of all customs impositions .on the Murray can'be effected, it is suggested, as the next best thing, that there shall be across the river a free interchange of the colonial produce or manufactures of either colony. It would he difficult on equitable grounds, to object to any of these-proposals. There is certainly no desire. exhibited on our part to enrich ourselves at our neighbour's expense, or 'to take "any unfair advantage whatever. The only object which the Victorian Government has in "view is to remove those trammels on her intercourse across the border which are felt to 'be inconvenient alike to the population of both colonies ; and at the same time to protect her own revenue, without in the slightest; degree infringing flpon the rights of Ktw South Wales." It is to be hoped that a proposition at once so reasonable and expedient will "be adopted. It wouid be wiser if the imports were wholly abolished indeed, as their continuance is greatly .retarding the advancement of the-transrMurra-y province of New South Wales. Their collection is made the cause of considerable heartburning and remonstrance, and if our neighbors were wise they would, remove the offence'., and endeavour,-at least, to give Biverina no new Cause to wish herself fne from, the shackles of the old Eastern settlement. The Sydney legislators view the matter . in the light that the Victorian people are receiving a great advantage through the Riverine.tiade/but if_. it is so, it is to he ascribed to its. geographical position, and it must be reiuembejed that Riverina receives much Benefit in retnrn. Her sheep and cattle find a market_'ic V ctoiia, and jher woul. tallow, and .-bides have-their part of 'debarkation at -Melbourne.. Tbe JVIurray duties' are marks of retrogression as great as the du'ies previously levied on the Rhine "were, and we hope they \yill meet with a similar fate. 