The Metropolitan Stage. Deaii Bkm,,— -Tho 'Flying Soud' con tinues to hold possession of tho boards of tho Theatro Koyaf, and to draw such capital houses that it is cortain to run until Easter. I am glad indeed that tho management got hold of so good u hand to lead oil' with, aiid T .1 ? 1-1. _ _i 1 ? l il.-i ^r * . . . /-. , . . , x uuuub nut uub iiiu& mauamo uoiqscas eu gagoment from Eastor Monday onwards will provo equally as advantageous to tho ex chequer of tho theatro. 1 understand that tho Celeste engagement will enablo tho ma nagement to prouueo not only tho ' l'lowors of tho Forest,' but also the fine old Adolphi dramas, 'Harvest Homo' and tho 'Willow Conso.' I went on Saturday night to sco tho new drama, ' Crohooro-na-Biliiogo,' from tho pen of Mr. Bolflold. Tho theatro was woll attended, I may say nearly crowdod. Tlio story is takon from ono of tho well-known Irish tales by tho O'Uarn family, and is worked out with somo skill by tho author. I will endeavour to givo it to your readers as caneiscly as possible, . Wo aro in tho first aot' introduced to an' old couple, Mr. and Mrs. , Dooling, and their daughtor, Alloy Dooling; an adopted hunchback, Crohooro ; Alley's lover, Pierco Shea, who is to bo wedded the following day ; a rejected lovor, John Doran, otc Daring tho festivities old Dooling cets tight and strikes Crohooro, who is moodily sitting osido sharpening a bill-hook, Crohooro, maddened by tho in sult, ! suddenly leaving tho houso with curses on his lips against tho Doolings, That samo night tho Doolings aro murdered, and wo aro introduced to a wild-lcokmg pieco of scenory, noar Dunmoro, and Cro hooro rushing on to tho stage, bearing in his arms Alloy Dooling, who thore and then learns from Crohooro's Iip3 that hor fathor and mother havo boon murdered, and, as sho supposes, by hor abductor. But Alloy is entrusted to tho caro of an old woman, and tho two soom to got on vory well togothor. In tho mcantimo Piorco Shea swears vongcanco against tho supposed murdoror, Ceohoore,' .whoso bill-hook is found on thn K remises besmeared with blood, and ho fol iwa him into tho open country which is sup posed 'to bo in tho vicinity of tho Cavo of Dunmoro. John Doran in tho interim hints darkly to Pierce against Alley, and induces him to join tho 'WhitoboyB, in tho hopo, by their aid, of regaining Alloy and of avonging himsolf against Crohoorc. Tho plot is now vory intrioato, but ovontually I'iorco and Alloy moot, but not until Piorco and Cro hooro! have had one or two oncouutors, and Doran has showu himsolf to bo a .rank icoundrol by putting a fellow on t»i murder Pierce, Whon ho and Alley moot, 'she rofuses to go away with him, muob, oficourso, to his-bprror,. anil whilst tlioy'aro togothor they aro surpriso'd by two followB.-who seisio Pierce— aud this, too', from a signal by Alley. P»°rcos foster-brother happons to turn up at this moment; ' and knocks tho follows down, but in tho next minuto Piorco falls into the hands of tho military for boing a Whito boy. Ho is tried,: found guilty, and is to bo hanged, but subsequently re ceives pardon. At .this point of tho drama' Crohooro i3 also approhondod by a process-servor, who has 'recoivcd information,' outsido tho walls of tho prison, whither Crohooro has repaired disguised as a cripplo; ho is tried for tho murder of tho Doolings, and is found guilty. But whilst ho is declaring his innocence to tno Court ho observes John Doran, whom ho rushes at and seizes, and declares him to bo tho murdoror. Thoro is now plenty of ovidonoo in support— .Dorau having mur dorcd tho old people that ho might run off with Alloy, and being caught in tho act by Crohooro, who turns out to bo a son of' tho Doolings aud brothor to Alloy, tho two having learned tho secret from tho old woman in whoso charge Crohooro had placed Alloy. This relationship clears up all suspicions as bofcween Crohoore and Alloy, and tho curtain falls on tho brother giving his Messing to his sister and Piorce Shea. Some of tho scenery in this drama was vory picturesque— a waterfall botween two rocks, and the Cavo of Dunmorc, especially so. But thero was no scope for acting, though Mrs. Heir worked hard as Alley, and Al r. Allen, considering that ho took tho part from Mr. Heir at the last moment, played Crohooro effectively, though it was tlio 'deadest imitation of Barry Sullivan I could imagine —shut your eyes and you could hnvo fancied him hack in Melbourne. ' Crohoorona Bilhogo' was withdrawn from tho bills on Thursday, nnd ' East Lynno ' substituted with a very strong cast. It may be tho effect of first impressions, but I must confess that I did not enjoy it so much as on former oc casions at tho Royal. Mrs. Heir's imperso nation of tho unfortunate horoino is a very meritorious one, but I think it lacks tho sub dued and natural grief , and shame so power fully depicted by tlio original representative. I liked Miss St. Denis inuoh as Barbara, but Mrs. Phillips was too rotund nnd jolly for tho acrimonious old maid. Mr. Hoskins took his old part of Captain Levison, aud the drama was generally woll played, nnd capi tally put on tho stage. ' ' Queutin Matsys is to ho tho noxt production at this theatre. Thero was a capital houso at tho Hay market on Friday night, on tho occasion of Madamo Celeste's benefit, ono of hor fa vourifco dramas— 'Satan in Paris,' which was specially written for her — being pro duced that night, and also on Saturday. Sho acted as cleverly as ever, and at tho end of the drama sho was called out, whon she delivered tho following characteristic speech : — ' To- morrow evening I tako my farowell of this theatro — a theatro which will always bo associated in my mind with grateful recollections of tho cordial welcome. I received upou my first appearance in tho Australias, nnd of tho constant kindness I havo experienced over since. After tra velling half round tho world, at tho sug gestion of my good friend Mr. Coppiu, it s both n aurpriso and n pleasure to seo hoforo mo so many old familiar faces I havo recognised within tho walls of tho Adelphi, to find tho drama so popular, to be surrounded by so excellent a company of actors and ac tresses, to receive such geocral attention from the press, and to feel as much at homo in your important city as I did in Loudon or Paris. It will becomo my gratifying duty whenever I return to Europe to report to my professional oisters and brethren tho liberal patronage I havo recoivcd, and to assure them of tho friendly ^reetirig which is cortaiu to ho accorded in Australia to ovory truo artUtn. If ever tha drama should becomo an exilo from tho Old World it will find a permanent homo and a brilliant future under tho Southern Cross. Meantime, I beg you to ac cept my warmest thanks, not only for tho compliment you havo paid mo this ovening, but for tho support you havo steadily affordod mo during my present engagement. When I next appear in Melbourne it will bo upon tho boards of tho Theatro ltoyal, whero n largo stage and more abundant mechanical ap pliances' will enable mo to produco tho ' Flowers of tho forest ' with a duo regard to scenic effect — this will bo on Easter Monday; and until then suffer me, in anticipation of to-morrow night, to bid you, respectfully and gratefully, farewell' Afonday was tho first night of ' Urohooro-na-Bilhoge,' a four-act druma from tho pen of Mr. w. M. Brown, tho author himself playing the hero. I pre fer Mr. Brown's adaptation to that of Mr. Belliold, because it contains all tho interest of tho story, and all tho best scenes, with out so much of tho obligation of tho latter ; tho Haymarkct version, too, has tho advan tage of more effective situations. Its run, liko that at tho opposition thoatrc, has lieou but short, and Miss Julia Matthews will givo a few farewell performances noxt week, after which tho theatre will bo closed. A version of ' Souuambula,' which would rather ntartlo tho ghost of Bellini, has boon produced at tho 'Varieties,' and affords a good opportunity for exhibiting tho musical talents of Misses Wnftlon and Iloyal, and Messrs. Molvyn and .Baiuford, as well as tho comicalities of, Messrs. Taylor and Bent, the latter of whom pos sesses a fund of , quiet humour, but un fortunately ho is not much of a singor. Tho excellent entertainment, mid tho thorough respootability of tho 'Varieties,' fully deserve tho liberal support which tho public havo extended to tliin temple of Apollo and Momus. Tho first of tho Grand Concorts at tho Now Exhibition Building, under the direc tion of Mr. C. E. Horsley, took placo on Monday evoning. It is a matter^or rogret that suoh an effort as this to augment tho funds of our charitable institutions should have raised up such uuaccountablo opposi tion in certain quarters, takingiuto considera tion the laudable object which inspires tho promoters, for the success of the concerts will not only lie or great valuo to our eleemo synary institutes, but will also afford em ployment to sonic hundreds of tho musical profession who would otherwise rest in com pulsory idleness. Monday's concert con sisted of Mendelssohn's 'Lobgosaug, or Hymn of Praise,' many portions of which were exocuted in a style novor hoforo hoard in Melbourne. Thoro was in some fow passages a want of harmony botween the vocal and orchestral forces, but as a wholo it was well rendered, nnd fully appre ciated by tho audience. Tho socond part consisted of Haydn's 'Surpriso Symphony,' beautifully oxecuted by the hand, followed by u miscellaneous selection, 'which included somo new songs, aiid somo very hacknoyod ones, woll interpreted by nil tha ( singers. Tho. vocalists wero Madamo and tho Misses Carnndini, and Mr. Shot'wiu, certainly not a very numerous array for such an ambitious concert. I think tlio vocal stall' might ad vantageously bo increased, as I seo by udyor tisement [Mr. lUohardsou declines to sing, the why and wherefore being withhold. Tho second concert tool: placo on Thursday evening, on whicli occasion tho choral forces wcro dispensed with, uud the pro gramme was chmposeed of vocal solos and somo line performances by tlio orchestra, prominent amongst tho latter being tho overture to ' Koberb le Diablo,' wliioii was a uiarvol of instrumentation, aud warmly on cored. This concert served as a medium for tho introduction to iv Melbourne- audience of Madamo Woinborg and1 Mr. Waller, tho ouo hailing from Adelaide and thu other from Sydnoy. Both singers impressed tho audi onco vory fuvournbjy, tho lady selecting Weber's ' Softly sighs tho voice of evening from 'Dei1 Froioliutz.' Sho oxcellcd moro m tho introductory passages,- whioh rcquiro to bo sung with oxprcssion, than in the aria, whero brilliaut execution is uc»3S«ary. Judging from tlu's siuglo opportunity of hoar iug Madamo Woiuborg, I am of opinion that s(io possesses an excellent voico, aud groat taste, but tliei-o h a stiffuoss about hor vooa lisation in .tho more florid passages, whioh will lw,an impediment, to Madauia'n 8U00CS3 unless sho is ablo to ovorcomo it. Mr. Wnllor posscssos a fino baritono voico with a good kuowlodgo of how to uso it, and gavo Rossini's 'Largo ol. FactotumJ| in a .most spirited stylo, securing nt'oncq th'o hearty approbation of the public. I prophecy 'for Mr, Wallor a prosperous careor in Victoria. Miss Geraldino Warden sang 'Robert toi quo jaiino ' and ' Sweet spirit ' romarkably well, hut tho sizo o{ tho hall being so much greater than that in whioh sho is acoustomed to sing caused a slight flatness in the upper notes, whioh is not usually discorniblo with her. The nttendanco has not beon very largo, and I think it absurd for tho directors to advertise ' ovoning dross ' for tho re-, sorvod 'seats. Although tho regulation is not onforced, I havo no doubt it will keep many people away, and in a community, constituted Jiko ours, it seoms to mo to border on snobbishness in connection with concorts, which depend for success nrlou tho number and not tho quality of visitors. A- panorama of sconos, illustrative of tho American war, is being exhibited at St. Gcorco's Hall,' but I havo not seen it. S CHARLES SURFACE. 