POLICE OFFICE, Monday, 20tb May, 1847. (Before J. Gibson, and D. Taylor, Esqrs., J.P's) ' Elizabeth East, a moat incorrigable termigant, was fined £2 for disturbing tbe peace on the 16th instant, aud was further fined 10s. for resisting the con stables. John Doddridge pleaded guilty to making use of obscene language iu the hearing of bis master Mr. It. \V. Kean, and was fined £1. At 12 o'clock there was a meeting of the Northern Macquarie R^ad Trust at Englebert's Hotel, to receive tenders for various portions of roads. The whole of the works were let, not in accordance with the respective tenders, but by a species [of favoritism. One man's ten der, although tbe lowesi iu amount, and a responsable persur.. able to find any amount of security it needed, iB thrown out for the reason that be was already an unsuccessful teudi-rer at a former meeting, and another tender accepted because the Trustees had privately promised to give tbe tenderer a portion of the work. It is time there was a change in the way that road matters are conducted,! lor tbe public are far from satisfied with the manner in which their money is expended, and it is to be hoped that tbe ratepayers at Campbell Town at tbe next election of trustees, will show their disapprobation by electing men who are willing and capable ot doing the duties entrusted to them by the people. It is not often we hear ol ghosts and haunted bouses in Tasmania ; inr it is a popular belief that ghosts are confined to the other side of tbe world ; but no doubt in the course of time we shall inherit all the evils belonging to the parent country. They have already bad a case ol hydro phobia in Hobart Tom; and I have now to report tbat a veritable ghost has been domiciled for the last month in th&^Ame- diate vicinity of Campbell Towj^TIe, ahe, or it (the ghost) makes iturf!sence known by a loud knocking ayfecfront door. The knocks are quite ^ftroct, and exactly the same as if saw^ine were knocking for adnuttana^The police and numerous Tolunto*(Snave watched the place, and, althemgh they could plainly see tbe door, the knocking takes place without any visible agency. Numerous devices have been tried to discover -tbe cause, but without success. Theje'liavc boon men stationed on the inside of the door, and immediately tbo knocking was -card they have rushed out, but nothing was to be seen. The door has been covered with a thick cloth, but it makes no difference, — the knocking is. just the same. Tbe noise is liearcLat intervals from about C p.m. uptol»T).m. 