VACCINATION. It is often disappointing to find that questions that were supposed to be settled for ever are reopened, and the same argu-<*> ments have to be reproduced, the same sophisms exploded, the same absurdities exposed and ridiculed, as in the days of our fathers or grandfathers. Distressing is it years after ~a crushing victory to be worried with the ghosts of the shun to have the battles to be fought over again. This it is that makes the protection discussion so nauseous, and, as in Vic toria, prevents the friends of free-trade from organising and prosecuting their cause with vigor and perseverance. While we have been dealing with the exploded fallacies, we may derive some consolation from the fact that we are not alone in trouble of this sort, and that in England Hit is actually found necessary to make a defence of vaccina tion. D£. Jenner has been for several generations looked upon as the benefactor of his race. Nations have done Mm honor. His beneficial discovery has been the property of the world, and many thousand of lives are annually saved by its applica tion. Many men can look back to the time when the number of deaths annually re sultingfrom smallpox was enormous, when as they walked along the street a large proportion "of the people they met were deeply scarred 4 - with that loathsome disease, when there were few social circles that did not present some cases of man hood disfigured, or beauty destroyed bythis terrible malady. There was the double danger of death or disfigurement, and the peril was one from which no one could feel 'any security. Inoculation was re sorted to, but that was obviously a desperate preventive, and often as bad as the disease. Then came vaccination, which practically ensured immunity from tins malignant disorder to all who chose to avail themselves of its benefits. It is true there have been cases of smallpox attacking persons who have been vacci nated, but these are very exceptional in stances, and can fairly, as a rale, be attri buted to bad lymph or want of skill in the operator. As a proof of the feelings with which a bygone generation regarded the discovery, and the terrible scourge from which it delivered them, there is the fact of the Parliament voting £10,000 to Dr. Jenner in 1802, and £20,000 in 1807. Still there were many persons whom prejudices or foolish fears deterred from submitting themselves or their children to vaccination. The use of it became, however, more and more general till it seemed as if smallpox was an almost extinct disorder, a thing of tradition like the plague. The Parliament made annual grants for many years for vaccine establishments, and in 1840 passed an Act to give facilities for vaccination at the public cost. Still it was all voluntary; persons might run the risk of smallpox if they wished, and expose their children to it by refraining from availing themselves of an easy and certain preventive. Many did so, and this neglect increased as the recollection of the ravages of smallpox became more distant and feeble. In consequence of this the disease again increased, and many deaths occurred annually that might have been prevented. In 1853 the Govern ment stepped in with a compulsory law, and since that time there has been fre quent legislation on the subject, till this session the Government have introduced a system as thorough and comprehensive as our Scab Act, though the penalties do not reach, the infected, and are not of so summary a description as those carried out upon our tainted lambs. The Bill | now passing through the English Parlia ment divides the country into districts;' appoints public vaccinators ; com pels parents to take their children to vaccine stations twice—once to be vaccinated, and then again in eight days to have the lymph taken from the child for use upon another patient. It also requires that the Vaccination shall be registered in the same manner as a birth or a death. Inspectors are to be ap pointed to examine children—not all in a district, but a sufficient number to enable tfwm to judge if -the vaccinator is doing his work efficiently. The vaccinators are to be better paid than heretofore, and the registrars are to receive fees of Id. on the first entry, and 3d. when the vaccination is reported successful. Such are the leading provisions of the Bill, against which a number of members of the House of Commons have protested as tyrannical, and indifferent ways injurious, whOeseverabnembers attacked vaccination itself as failing to prevent smallpox, and as often causing other Aituvau^, The as sertions of the failure of vaccination in its object proceed upon -the fallacy of arguing upon exceptional cases, and ignoring the •patent fact that jn proportion to the em ployment t?f vaccination, and the strict ness with which it has been enforced, has been fiie rarity of smallpox. In fact to argue sgamsl vaccination because there are still cases of smallpox, unreasonable as it would be to deny the utility of our Scab Act because, in spite of it, scabhas broken out. - To show the effect of vacci nation there is nothing like official statis tics, and we gijgjwme as quoted by Lord Montagu injiis speech on the subject in the House of Commons :— "He would now W-before the son* statistics showing some of the results of vacci nation. The" average annual death rates from smallpox during 30 years previous tojtbe.Taoci natibn Act of 1853 amounted to 3,000 *n everrj million of the population. From 1838 to 1811, - when vaccination was known and encouraged, but when there was no public provision for it, the deaths fell from 3,000 to 770. From 1841 to 1853, when there was gratuitous but not com -pufaory vaccination, the" average number-of deaths fell to 304 in every million. Since vacci had been rendered compulsory up to" 1865, the" average death rate 'was 171, or, including the last two years, 202. Before 1853, taking' an ; average of five years, the number of vaccina tions in England and Wales was 180,960, but in 1854, when vaccination was made compulsory, the number was 408,824. We saw, there fore, that as the number of vaccinations in creased so the number of deaths decreased. That was the case as regarded England. In Scotland vaccination was completely carried out, the time allowed for vaccination, however, being six instead of three mon&s; as in England. The remit was remarkable. In 1864 the number of children born and notices of vaccination given was 108,851. Of these there died during the six months allowed before vaccination 9,180; 96,970 were vaccinated and regktered, thus leaving of children unaccounted for and of whom no entries were made in the registers only 2,701, or not quite two per cent. In 1865 the results were still more satisfactory. The number of children bom was 113,129; of these 9,366 died before vaccination, and 101,082 were vaccinated and: registered, leaving only 2,681, or less than two per cent., unaccounted for. Thus in these two years 221,980 notices were given of children bom, and only 5.382 were not certified as having been vaccinated, a considerable portion of these being illegitimate children and children ontraceable, owing to wrong names of the parents having been given. It appeared further that in 1863, tiie date of the Act which made mmrin?tinm compulsory in Scotland, 1,646 deaths occurred there from smallpox, while in 1865 the number of deaths was only 123, bo that with a complete sys tem of jregistration and certificate the number of deaths was reduced to a minimum. In England, in some districts, the energy |of the public Fascinators and the local authorities had made this a perfect Vaccination Act,, while in other districts the practice was lax. In Mold, which was in the district of Hoyweil Union, with a population of 16,000, Dr. Hughes had been very energetic, and every one of the children there had been vaccinated. Epidemics of smallpox had raged in surrounding districts, and smallpox had been imported into Mold, yet since 1853 only one child had died there from this cause, and this was a baby a few daje old, whose mother, a stranger to the town, had "modified smallpox." when it was bom. From & return moved for by the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Lowe), showing the number of deaths in the 627 registration dis tricts* during the years 1851-60, it appeared that in 44 of those districts the deaths from smallpox had been absolutely nil, because the guardians had been active and had supplied the deficiencies of the Act In 297 other districts the annual death rates by smallpox per 100,000 chil dren under five yean of age were from one to 50; inl3l other districts the death rates werefrom 51 to 100; while in Shrewsbury the annual death rate was 382, in Northampton 456, inPlymouth 463,andMerthyrTydvn 572. These statistics showed that in proportion- as compulsory vac cination was carried out deaths diminished, and where It was not so carried out, the ravages of smallpox increased." With respect to smallpox attacking persons who have been vaccinated, such cases have occurred, but the highest authorities have shown from calculations founded upon long experience, that the chances of death from smallpox is as one in three of persons who had not been vaccinated, against one in 200 amongst those who had been perfectly vaccinated, with a proportionate increase of risk,'as the operation had been less efficiently performed. It has been urged that diseases are communicated by the vaccine matter taken from the arm of unhealthy children, and it is said that medical reports to this effect induced the Emperor of the French to discontinue vaccination in his army. Many medical men, however, say it is impossible to convey disease from child to child in pure Jennerian lymph. Hie danger on this head is not at all clearly shown, and should it be proved there are means of avoiding it, while the benefits arising from vaccination are manifested by the experience of nearly three-quarters of a century, and borne testimony to by the unanimous voice of the whole medical profession throughout Europe, few will dispute the pro priety of a compulsory law. The State has as much right to prevent parents from exposing their children to danger from deadly contagion as it has to determine that infant Hfe shall not be imperilled in chimneys, worn out in fac tories, or left to perish from hunger and cold. Still more is it obligatory on the Government to restrain persons from harboring infectious diseases that may carry death through a district or a country.— Express and Telegraph.. 