AN ITALIAN PALACE. First tba visitors wéré 1er] bj the bachelor brother! to see tba hage old mansion, which' they (called thc Palazzo. Let DO one who has seen an ordinary Genoese palace, magnificent with gilding, enriched by pricelee: nictnrci, supplied with choice books, and ador ned with gorgeous furniture, figaro to'himself any such combina; Hon as the pelazzo in question. Thin was a vast.pile of building, teat word make fire moderate sized Jwelliag houses, one in the roof, and the other four in the habitable portion of the ediSoe- A general air ol ramshaokledness pervaded the exterior,; while the in- terior presented an effíct of interminable ranges ol whitewashed walls, divided off into numberless apart- ments of various size«, from a saloon on the piano nobile, or principal floor, measuring more than forty feet long, to small sqnare attic-rooms that were little more than cupboards. But this attio storey was not all composed of chambers thus dimonsioned. Atnosg its apartments wera rooms that might have accommodated a banqueting assemblage,, had diners been so inclined; while among the accommodations comprised in this garret range was a kitchen, with spacions dressers, stoves, closets, aad a wei bf water some hundred and odd feet deep, lt waa impossible for the imagination to refrain from picturing the troops of ghosts whioh doubtless occupied these upper chambers of the old palazzo, and held nightly vigil, undisturbed, amid tbe silence and soli- tude of their neglected spaces. Through one of the dwarf windows that pierced at intervals all sides of the mansion, just beneath the lofty roof, and which gave light to the attio storey,- we were directed to look by the empbatio words of the elder 'bachelor brother, " Ma,' veda che vista o' e !', The view thence was in- deed well worthy his pr i o ; and he himself- formed an appropriate companion- picture to the 'scene.- - Bluish gray eyes, a fairer complexion than usually belongs to man of bis clima and country, a- look "of penetration, combined with an expression of mild content, were sur- mounted by a steeple-crowned .hat, (hat might'bave be- come a Dutch burgomaster,, or one of Tenier's land p oprietors, rather than a . denizen ' of a Hontbern city. Yet the association ' which bis face, ; figure, and costume had witb some of George Cruikshank's illustrations of German tales, afforded pictorial harmony with the range of ghostly rooms we were viewing., - He "marshalled ns,the way that we should go," by leading us down a steep flight of steps, whioh landed os on. the piano nobile, 'ibis, for the present, was tenanted by a eet of weavers to whom the principal floor of the palazzo had been let for a short term. They - bad proved bat turbulent occupants, being In a wnstant state of refractoriness against their ! landlords, the bachelor brothers, who seemed to be somewhat in awe of them. On the'present occasion, for instance, the brothers apologised for bein; unable to show us the grand saloon, as tbe weavers (whom we could bear, while he spoke, singing in a loud, uproari- ous, insurgent kind of way that might well hare drawn tbrro souls out of ono of their own oraft, and evidently made tbe sou,a of- their two landlords quail) did not like :to bo disturbed. ' Their contumacious voices, mingled with ' the clamour of their ' loems, died; off in the distance, while io proceeded down tho baok .staircase ' to the ground floor. - .Weat firat(fancied that this apparently surreptitious proceed- ing ¡was- traceable.'' to the i awe (entertained by tho bachelor brothers for their unruly tenants; but we were relieved from the sense of acting in a style borl daring on poltroonery, by - finding that the' principa staircase.bad been boarded up to preserve i'B marbia stefa and sides' from injury. ' Un arriving at the foot wo found ourselves in a spacious-hall, opposite tbe approach to the grand staircase, which looked like an archway built for giants, toweringly defined above the Scaffold planks by which it waa barrica Jed. Many doora opened frotó this hall, to each of which, in turn, one of tbs bachelor brothers applied successive keys i from a pondérons bunch that ho held is his band. Theio doors ltd tovast'suitea of apartments, all unfurnished, Uko the upper tooms, with the exception of one suite, whioh tho brothers had lent to a friend of theirs and whioh waa sparsely supplied' with some old1, Italian furniture, ot to antique a fashion that each - ortiolo might have been a family heirloom ever since tho tlmss of that famous Genteio gentleman, Christo-, f ? ... ? . . ' " ' fphiSCo1onio"Siî\On6 peculiarity the four remarked^, whioh spoke volumes for the geniality of the climate; in all this hojee - rambling edi Boo they «aw only os« room whioh ooold boast of a ii repisos. The sn D'8* warmth evidently supplied all the beat necessary-and, 'as might haeonjeotured from its other peculiarities aa well as"fbls-anything like what th« English call the "jot a and comforts of ibo domestic bean h seemed an -impossible attainment In-this dreary old-palatai.-- The social amenities must wither in its. 'desolate (atmos- phere, and dwindle to chiH shadows, lilia the* ghosts ''tHartanuYlhe attio Btoreyi To complete the air of " saddening vacancy tbat clung like ia 'damp to the really arid white walls, when- the brothers led 'sis. down* - ' a wi Jo staircase to,the'vaulted space beneath/ fha basement; we caine upon, same bnndredaoff1 small bird-cages, containing each -a- miserable-' linnet, ^titmouse, or- finch, ' cmdemned ' ta chirp out its wretched oxistence in this, airless underground* region; , In reply to onr pitying exclamation, we are»:,, told that the bachelors' friend who occupied the .corner:''' 'ap'mraent on tba ground floor wa» a great sportsman, ??? and 'devoutly fond of la oacsia; that these unhappy^ 'little prUoners'were'émployéa' by'Kini'in'th'é'seison as>. decoy birds; that ; they, were kept in these dungeons-/.; during the other mooth* of tbe year;-and that tbey werè blinded to make them sing' better, - and' ba more- ' serviceable at the period when be needed them. As we looked àhudderingly at, these, forlorn little creatures,, and'expressed our commiseration at their fate,-the - younger brother stepped forward, and, examining erie-' ; of the'eages. lu which .«at bunched ap ih: one corner _»k stiff lump ef 'featbers, coolly annourced that ." thieU goldfisoh. was. dead." The brotbirs showed 'na a. winding turret, staircase, which led br a »nb- . terranean ' passajje into one'...of. :»ha,. lower vaulted rooms. Nothing more like a. place ls a won- derful s-'ory-book ever ' met as in real "life ? ano> ( while we are lon in a dream of romao'tia imagining*,. ' one cf the brother* was engaged in giving a prosaio- . relation of how the old palaxzo bad come into tbeitr fámily by a law suit, which terminated in their favour, - and left tb:m possessors of this unexpected "property-:<.' On entering the house from,tho terrace, 'we found our«- "' selves in. its kitchen, wh ch strongly resembled, au cavern made habitable, lt was hewn oat '.of .the -, rode .. on whioh the.dweliing stood ; and itooly required the*-; ' presence of the black man and the old woman who .' figurein Gil Bias's Btory to. give' to the -ife, the cook-' "ing department of the .robber's cave there; ; As we> ascended ' a rude stone staircase that ' led front it, we - heard the' lowingv,of. cows ;;. ;and,.: turning, , we saw two of theio animals comfortably - .stalled) in a - side--reotss,.sot-far. - from the - rocky ledge on which the culinary apparatus for dressing.the» foud of the establishment was deposited. 'Mounting1 into tba parlour, we discovered a-gpod-sised apartment,, its windows looking through the foliBge bf the -ilexee 1 over the ses, skirted by the extensive'eoaSt'view.1 ' Be 'bisd was the dining-room ; on each 'side were the brotbera' bedrooms ¡and leading from a small entrance hall at the back was a large billiard r0->m.' This» opened! oa a small garden nook, in which were orange ; trees and camellias, full of bnd"aad"' b!osMm-r-fromï"* which some of the flowers were gathered forus by¡tbe> Italian brethren, oa our taking.le'ave and thanking: them for the unusual treat we had had, in,going0over,, their carious abode,-",An Italian Rain Storm,;'! in.tho Atlantic Monthly.' ............... v..--:. > NccsLisas nr FRAKCE.-Tho murderof children, of?' which Dr.--Lancaster complains-so frequently;- doesuofcv. appear to be confined to. this .country, but extends,to»., France, although,' as usual, they "do these things' differently" there. The Paris-correspondent of tbe 8tar sajas-"Every year 2i,00J babies are sent out bf Paris under the oars of peasant nones, and or tbat number ¡OOO on aa, average are returned to theür motbers, tbe other 15,000 having, died of cold, eta. Ta- lion, and bad treatment. Kin ce Úftélt his been cal-, culated that'in tho neigbbótirhood of :'Paris" alone-' 300,00J of these nursling* hove died in tbe hands ot>" their foiter mothers. Wby aboald such harbarous murders be allowed to depopulate the country? lt is emirclj owing to the bad management of the bureaux" des nourrice?, over which gover ment1 has not till now exercised a proper . amount of 'sorieiliance; ' These- ' offices receive indiscriminately every woman who ap-' plies at them for employment;' A 'frightful trade is - ca-ried on .by speculators of tho lowest class; denos."», nated meneurs, who enrol' conntrytvomea in their pay,: ' convey them to Paris in carts justly "called ' purga-' tories,' obtain for them babies whose mothers have applieo at the offices' for a nurse '' for' their child,' anti convey them and the children back to the country. The horrors that take place during the journey to Paris and bask in tbe vehicle of the meneurs are of: so .start- ling a nature that boo could hardly believe, them ,to be true were it not for tba undoubted proofs which have been laid before the Academy of Medicine. Thus tba countrywomen make no scruple in-exchanging tbe babiea entrusted to them, and several among then», undertake to nurse two or three cbildren.ata time. ' I havti seen,' exclaimed M. .Chevalier, addressing the academy, ' "ne woman, professing to nnrse seven in- fants, jand yet she berself had neither milk nor si DOW.* Fed with bad brotb, exposed to every species of dirt and neglect, the miserable infant "sickens and dies, ' The nurse, however, writes to its mother that ber babe is prospering, that It had grown out of ¡ts clothes,, and required a fresh supply. Tho mother naturally apeada her-month's wages in supplying her* child'» wanti and goes on paying its beard for m'ntbs after it has naen lying ia the village cemetery. A consider- able number of nurses come annually to Paris andi carry back a supply of children, and tot ono has ever been known to bring a child baok to the capital. In their charge tba children simply appear and disappear Dr. Brochard cited ia bis . speech io the academy two communes of the Eare et Loire Department, where the nurslings invariably die. It appears there ore women, amosg the nurses whose reputation is well known, and, borresco referens, these nurses aro specially sought for by certain ill-famed' houses/ Entrusting anew-' born infant to one of them is tantamount to infanti-, cide. Dr. Brochard read several copies of tho lying. letters written by nurses to the children's parents, describing, in . pathelio language,' the rosy cheeks anet increasing charms of their infants dead weeks before tbe epistle was indited. The doctor also gave several curious details of tbe annual pilgrimage to St. Criard,, in tbs department of La Perche.' St. Criard, ber it re- membered, ia the real name of the place, -and not a> calesnbourg. On a given day, late in autumn, it ia (he custom of the country to bring'every infant in the vicioi'y before the painted image of the saint', there to do bim homage. The said statue happens to be in a. chapel at the top of a steep bili, exposed to all the winds of heaven. The country itself is bleak, and the climate , peculiarly cold- at any . tims 'of the year. Naturally this long pilgrimage "at theiworst season of the year to tbe top of a great height proves fatal to alli tbe delicate- infants who are- carried in the precession, . - aud the amount of deaths from bronohitis which ensue in the course of the week following - is something incre- dible. These horrible facts are highly.discreditable*, to toe mayors of tbe vat ¡oas villages where' these infants « e nursed. Naturally, if M. lo Maire; instead) of oultlraling hi* apricots and peaches, and gaining prizes at agricultural shows for his fat pigs, was to look, aharp a'ter the extraordinary, number of little graves' in bii' villags cemetery,-and insist oa medical report» as to the .cause thereof being laid before him, infant < mortality would rapidly diminish. . Messieurs ?? le» < Maires will probably read this opinion from the pena bf their respective profeots, expressed in a s mewhat startling form, aa once the French Government take» up asubjeot it does.not trifle with it, and undoubtedly - posses-es the rare gift of making itself obeyed." " Now, gents, said a Yankee at dinner, "Guess I ll show you nomo hin' that not a critter in this roam ,°.\o . sied afore, and not a crittur lirin' over will'eco'gam,. . D'ye bet ?" The bet was made, and the Yankee took sw ,, nut off the dessirt plate, and cracking it, held np the kernet between his finger and' thumb. .Ij'.Nowj gents*.. I oalq'lute none of y er ever seed, that .kerna! afore, and . swallowing if; I guess you'll never aéo it again'. Please« fork out.1' .'?"I-bet yor/'-s'aid d'do »aJ Easter, "I'll;" fling yer clean across that canawl. Do it for 10 dollars.' : " You don't mean to say,olean aoross, bot lust iñlo,it,'t ; Bili á bystander.' "No; olean aoross alike'on't'other ¡. side! liet lo dollars?'' The money was staked on ' both sides, and the challenger, with ,a despcrato effort, , flung tbe other party just a yard or two into "tho water, . who forthwith scrambled out, and wet aa he was,'laugh- ' iogly advanced tb tho stakeholder' to get his money»' " Wak a bit, Stranger/' said the down Easter; il did i n >t "say L would do it first timé; guess" I'll do it ¿ext" time,' '. and with that in went the.poor half-drowned wretch, but no nearer across tbau: before.' ,, 'Again ha scrambled to terra Arma, sod still, more'confidently than ,'ever, claimed his stakes. " Stay a bit, stay o, blt,'*- - said his tormentor; "I can do it; I'know Loan do it,, and if I try for four ? and twenty hours, I will.do it,'."..) and with that he again prepared to give his viotimev - ducking. The latter, however, bad bad enough of it, ' and was glad to compromise the match' by abandoning; ibo stakes, of course to the great amusement of the spectators, -i,: ,. , 