NEW SOUTH WALES. An Incident or the Flood.—Mr F. B. Sutton, writing from Burrandong, describes one of the saddest iutiidents of the -flood :—! "The hut of a shepherd of Mr Blunden, | named Baker, who lived near the junction of I | the Mudgee River, got surrounded before he! and his family could move (the water rising six feet in ten minutes), and out of eleven persons all were drowned but three. Those drowned are the mother, five boys, a baby (girl), and a married man named Smith, who came to help them about dusk., just before the' sudden rise of water. At the first rush of the flood, they all got on to the tables, then on to a loft, and then had to cut a hole in the back and get on to the top of the roof. Here they remained until the water reached their mouths, when the four left alive swam to a tree. Smith not being able to swim sunk as soon as he left the hut. The poor old father (Baker) gave a most distressing account of the scene—how he held his children in his arms, dropping them as they died (of the cold he says) to take up others that were alive, until none were left. He says the dogs, eats and fowls kept swimming round them and jumping on them all the time they were on the hut. The survivors were rescued about day-light by the brave wife of the man Smith, who pulled a boat about a mile to the hut, and then took them to the shore. She heard them cooeying for a long time, and started to try and save them, which she had great trouble to effect, the current was so strong." The following particulars were elicited during a magisterial inquiry into the matter:—Isaac Daniel Baker recognised the bodies as those of his -wife Marv Ann., aged about 43 years; of his seven children, varying in age from 8 months to 13 years ; and of Frederick Smith. He deposed: I am a shepherd in the employ of Messrs Blunden, and live near the junction of the Mudgee and Macquarie Rivers. On the 21st, when the sheep came home, about 5 o'clock p.m., I went to the bank of the Macquarie, to see how the river was. I saw it was rising. There was some high ground at the back of the sheepyard, where I had made a gateway to let the sheep out in case of a flood, this was between my hut and the river. We put in the sheep, and I went in to supper with all my family. I told my eldest son Moses we would have to remain up all night and watch the flood. After we had supper my two children, who are now alive, went to see the flood, and returned and told me that the water was coming very fast down the gully, and was within two or three hundred yards from the hut. When I went out, the deceased, Frederick Smith, was coming towards the hut to render me assistance, he said the water had risen six feet in the Mudgee River while he was at supper, and asked me what I was going to do. I said we shall get the children out. We went to the hut, and I told my wife to get the children ready, as the water was coming round us fast, but there was still dry ground. In about ten minutes from that time when I weut out again, I found that the water had entirely surrounded us, and there was no possibility of escape. We then all went into the hut, I fastened the door, and abcut twenty minutes afterwards the water began to come in. I then put my wife and children on the loft over the bedroom, and stood on the table, I was not afraid, as I had hopes that the water would not rise much higher. At this .time Frederick Smith was sitting on one of the beams of the loft. When the water reached the table X got off and sat on another beam. In about three-quarters of an hour the water rose' to the top of the wall-plate, I then got a tomahawk and cut a hole in the bark of the roof. The deceased Frederick Smith got out first. I handed the children out to him, and the rest followed. When I got out the moon had just risen, and there was no land to be seen. I then cooeyed for the first time, it being then about 9 p.m. We were allcooeying, and in about three-quarters of an hour heard a voice in the distance and thought it was from Mrs Smith, wife of the deceased F. Smith; they lived on the Mudgee River, about a third of a mile from my hut ^ the water at this time was about ten feet above the floor of the hut; a short time after this, I heard Mrs Smith call out, and ask me if Fred (her husband) was all right; I called loudly for help, and told her to go to Mr Blunden's for the boat; we thought she understood us, and her husband told us not to shout any more, as it might bother her; some time after, as the water still rose fast, I , cooeyed again, and she answered ; I then felt sure she had not gone to Blunden's; when the water reached the ridge-pole on which we were sitting, seeing no possibility of escape, I told the children to pray; we all joined in prayer; we were all composed but one little boy who was crying ; the water continued to rise, and we had to stand on the ridge-pole ; about half-past three in the morning the first of the children died—Frederick, seven years old—the water being then up to my middle; he was not drowned, but died of cold; just after this my boy Daniel, aged 13 years, said, God Almighty bless you all—I cannot stand it any longer ;v I held him till he was dead. The next to die were John Isaac, aged 5, and Thomas Edwin, aged three years. They were in the arms of my son Moses, who said, "Father, I believe I shall be the only one saved." He then kissed me, and swam safely to the tree, which was about twenty yards from the hut. I called to him that his mother was still alive, and that I would hold her as long as there was life in her. Some time after this, my wife died, and I let her go. I then went to take the baby from my daughter Cecilia; but she said, " No, father, you cannot hold her better than me, and I cannot hold her much longer." I then kissed her, telling her to hold the baby as long as she could, and then to swim to where her brother was. I swam to the tree, and with the assistance of my son Moses, got on the limbs. A very short time after I heard a splash, and Cecilia calling for help. I heartened her to strike out, and she came within arm's length of us.. My son Moses leaned over, caught her, and pulled her up the tree. The water was up- to her chin when she was washed off the hut,, and she dropped the baby. Andrew Wittiamr aged nine years, died just before I left the hut. About that time, also, the deceased F~ Smith, who Was holding Henry Shadrach, aged eleven years, told me the boy was dead*. I said, " You have done all you can, you must try to shift for yourself—can you swim?" he said, "No, give me what directions yoii can—I may have a chance." I did so, and he started for the tree, but sank at a short /dis tance. About sunrise, Mrs Smith, wife of the deceased F. Smith, came in a boat by her self, and released my son Moses (17 years),, my daughter Cecilia (15), and myself—the only survivors of our family—and brought us to dry land. Mary Anne Smith deposed to< the difficulties she met in bringing the station boat to the rescue, without assistance, as soon as daylight permitted, and the exhausted state of the unfortunate* survivors. The bodies of Mrs Baker and her seven children were all found near the hut when the water subsided, ' and presented a heartrending spectacle. The following is the exordium of the speech in the course of delivery, on Friday last, by Mr Dignam, in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, when Mr Windeyes directed the attention of Mr Speaker to " Strangers in the House*':—" Mr Speaker the hon. member for Central Cumberland has got so infatuated that he barks at any bite, and shows his nose at anything like a ghost.. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr Speaker,, that the hon. member is not to be held. You^ can't get him at anything. What am 1 to do ? I am a Government supporter because, for-, sooth. I ask you, knowing the state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair,, and seeing the way they are going on with, him! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here is; because, forsooth, I ask a question he turns round and says, I'm one of the Government rags; one of the Government tripe coves—bullock and lights^ or anything else. He wants to make a maps of muck of my name. I do not care fbr the Government or him. I am such a sort of infatuated fool that I don't care for myself or anybody else. In this question I was not advised, nor was I requested by the Govern ment to take the question of the vacant House or the want of members, but when I see a man like that is, the wants to have his eye teeth drawn out, or cut out, or something else* and put into a state of being civilised, something of this kind, why, any hon. member «s feels his dignity hurt by ther-way jn .which this man is running down, gorigg and running m—fine thorough bred fellows—we are obliged to put him out—obliged to do; it, and I think I am doing my duty in; just stopping Jiis gab. The hon. member who moved the motion; there is no member in this House, Mr Speaker so fond, I beliey^pf himself, as he is. He knows it; and I accuse him although he is the Government ^outside man. But still what does he want to do with the Governor ? Leave him alone. Leave Sir John alone. Why, bless my soul! He's got a card or somebody else has to a feed. Any body that'll give a feed, leave him alone— that's what I say. But these people who used to be, John knows where—(it's very well for him to gammon to be asleep).—they never used to give a feed. You- know that, Mr Speaker, as well as I do.'* According to the Sydney Herald, the reporters and other ""^strangerswere here ordered to withdiaw, and, the Noachian operation having been performed, in regard to the hon. member's style of oratory, his style of speaking was called in question, whereupon it is said that the remonstrant was threatened with the vigorous application of a big stick. 