T^LE LADIES' COLUMN. Fairy Tales for the Rising Gene ration : The Story of Cinderella. ' ,:, - I'romzArt jomnnnuik.L .?W,iowaiioupoloKy to our nadorg for the publication of tho following fairy etjry. The toot ia, ' tho laics taught in the nunery in our youth aro now sadly out of date, not to . say immoral, and vte are quito ' »uro that Belgravian mothers gone* rally will eartainly bless us, and possibly (hot' tent of u»king us to an ocoaiionel ' Kottle- ?i drum ' (of the third cias*), in recognition of our set vices in attempting to introduoti among ,'~ ibeir olnldron a healthier tone of morality, than, I olas ! at preson5 rules supremo. Without .! furl her preface we rush in inedias ret. . Thero was onco a poor girl called Oina'e- ?-) rel.'»fwho was most cruelly treated bj her step- 7-, motner. Inttcad of beirg ul owed to lie a- bed ? till eleven o'cli ck in th? mornbg, and to read ' : French novcln, like her moro furtunate Bisters, sho vrae forced to make her own dreaiee, and : compelled to orrango her own back-hair. She '' was never allowed the uio of a rouge-pot, and was sent to ohuroh on Sunday*, not to im- ,. provo her taite in bonnets, but Bimply to listen to tho prony scrmona of tho clergyman I In fact, never wa« thoro such a o«o of maternal ' tyranny. Sho w«b actually onco asked to mako - a padding j nud because sho refused to comply with tbe barbtrouB request, was actually de« '.,' prived of hor ' Sunday Zjo' for more than a fortnight. Now, it mu'at not be thought, from ! what we have written, that Oiadorella .'cut to ? T, tho ' Zoo ' on Sundays to look at trie beasts ; :: on tho contrary, bHb was a very good girl in- ' ! ' doed, and know noarly half the fourth com mandment by h^art (ahe bad loirnod it in .1 German), and consequently only vititod the Gardons for the purpono of examining tho ' dresses of her acquaintance and talking ! scandal. N«w, it happened ono evening that sha wdb staying et homo alone. Err cruel stepmother bad gono out vtith the rest of the t family, leaving poor Cinderella, te mako some olothct for a number of wretched beggars who ' lived in an infirmary hard by. Tnij indignity * I 80 wounded the dear cbild'B amour proprt. -' tbat abo burst into tears and wept bitterly. ' What are you crying for, my darling?' , ' asked a soft voice by her side. Cinderella raised her oyca, and saw standing ;r- beforo fcer her fairy godmother. Now, al though the lady in question wna not quite a person to bo civil to (tho fairy's hussand hod once bean something in tallow), poor Cinde rella felt in suoh low spirits that she at ones poured out all tho sorrows ot her heart. :-?- ' Bohoo !' aho cried, ' I am no miserable. Here I bavo been lett to mako up these clothes ' ior Bomo aiaagreeaDie monaicants. |_uinao- - rolla mado use of fine words not only before - company, hut et all timet.] Thoy aro not for a fancy fair where I might flirt, but aro going to a lot of ugly old people It's orufi — why, ;i they won't oven put my name in the Times bs , having made them. Bohoo! Bohoo! Why was I ever born?' 'My dear ohild,'saidthe fairy, 'your senti ments do you honour, and to prove how ranch I hold your tioble character in esteem I will do you a Bcrvioe. Your mother and sisters hare gone to tho ball at tho palace. You shall fol low them in a most magniScont costume'— Cinderella clapped her bands and jumped for . A joy — ' on ono condition. You will meet at ' tho ball a princs whom you muit marry within throe- weeks of tho present da'e. Oa the day of your wedding you must pay ma ? *2000. ' You mean JE1C00,' obicr.oi Cinderella, ' with a smile. ,, , , ' Don't lot us quarrel about details, my doar,' replied her godmother; let tls say ? ! £1500, and havo done with it.' . ' ,. ' Far toa much ; but I have no heart to night for bargaining. You have a bill stamp ?' and within five minutes the matter was settled. . Tho fairy poured somo liqnid over tbe head ? of her god-daughter, and Cinderella's raven tresses changed to a fiery carrot colour. Sho ?:?? wavod her woud, and the ghost of a needle woman appeared carrying a ball-dreef. She waved her wand a tecond time, and a fit Jewess started from tho ground and daubed Cinderella's face with enamel, Indian ink, and rouge. A- fow ecoonds later and the young girl was as bo&ut; iful as paint could make hor. ' Not quite decolletcs onough,'- said tbe fairy critically, touching Cinderella with her wand ; ' there, that will do. Now, my dear, you aro ready to start. Here, wait ono mo- ' ment. If you stay nftsr twelve o'clock baa struck, your hair will be como black at tho r ooii, , \r yonr rouge will lose its colour, your chi;non . will fall offrrjid your dross will disappear alto gether.' ? ??'? . ,x 'Ihe last calamity, you have mentioned would scarcely be notioed in a modem bill room,' replied Cinderella, with a irnile. 'How- ; ever, godmother, I will be sure to mind what ? ? tou nay. Good-bvi.' ?/ * * * »,.*..* * * » Oinderolla was a (uocejs. She behaved ad mirably at first; She danced four quadrilles with the gouty prinoo, and treated witb superb disdainalltheyoungersons. Alas, tbat wo should . hare to write it 1 after supper sho actually for got herself so far as to waltz with a man who had little more than:£500 a year, and scarcely any expeditions to talk of. Hor fault brought with it its own punishment. In the very act of dancing tho hour of midnight struck, and -. . tho fairy 'd propheoy was accomplished. Cin derelU rushed away, leaving her chignon be hind her. She regained her borne, and fell on her knees in an agony of sorrow. ' Ob, why did I leave the white-haired prince with his gout and his thousands for the boy with bU youth and his poverty ?' she cried. ' Tha prince- hid not fife years of life in him, but bis money bags would have remained for ever.' Scarcely had she altered these words ere the , fairy appeared, leading by tbo band the aged aristocrat. 'Prince,' said the supernatural godmother,' ' you are in soaroh of tho maiden wbo dropped the golden-haired chignon at your ball. Be hold her I' 'Why, she has blaok tresses,' mumbled ont the prinoe, leering at CinderolU through, hit donblo eye-glasses. ' Always in the morning,' slid tho fairy, in explanation. ? ' . Our story is oror. All ended happily, Cin derella beoamo a princess within a month, and a widow within a twelvemonth. ? For what happior fato could she possibly hare wished ? AH8WBB TO OlIAEiDB No, I.— 8ta7U.ll. ' 