\ HA7NDICAPPING -b thfeEditor of ti?e Launoeston lixaminer Sn, - I- have seen a letter in a northern newspaper upon the subject of the ensuing season's racing in our " tight little island," and unless someone else ventures to express their opinion people will, in all probability, think that the ideas of the racing fraternity are all embodied in the letter to which I allude. If I mistake not the writer signs himself" Lamplighter." He is particu. larly loquacious upon the theme of handi. capping, and goes so far as to regret that the stewards of the New Town race meeting have engaged the services of Mr. Bond as a public handicapper, instead of allotting the weights themselves, more especially, he adds, since the Launceston stewards have perpetrated what "Lamplighter" considers a perfect model of a handicap. As far as I (and in fact all racing people with whom I have had any communication) can see, the New Town stewards have chosen by far the most pre. ferable course, if there was the ghost of a chance of their following the example set them by the Launceston men, who have cer tainly immortalised themselves by their pro. duction for the Tasmanian handicap. Who the select few wore who concocted the dish and served it out I am not aware. And under what effulgent luminary could they have been when the happy thought struck them to pay Cotherstone. the unasked for compliment of topweight. Was it a bright particular spark of "genius" from "Lamplighter" that descended upon their august heads and , enabled them to see a reason for his being burdened with 8st. 101b, when Strop, who has run away from him two years in succes. sion, shoald be treated to three pounds leas Then there is :Saxhy-the winner of the Leger in Paiioes year-he and Cotherstone have been tw'o years within 'a length of each other, and now poor Cotherstone is asked to give him ten pounds. The other'nomination of 'Mr. Clark's,' the ' four-year.old mare Promenade, is made to give a year to herhalf. brother Architect, land pounds upon pounds to Deception-a mare that 'has performed well throughout her 'racing career, and is now turned loose with 6st 121b. Whether the Launceston people ' think there is plenty of money in the country districts, and not sense enough to keep it, I cannot say; but I feel quite certain that by the injudicious par. tiality for the local horses, all speculation will be put an end to: and where the nomina. tions for the open handicap not already sent in, I doubt very much if. there would have been one named from the country, so strong is the feeling about the dead.set made against Mr. Clark's stable. The legal-business must be at a discount when the attempt is made to bleed people through their love of sport. However, I hope the open handicap will be more successful one, and that there will be more people enabled to back "Lamplighter" up in eulogising the stewards for penetration, sagacity, and fair play,.: - And.remain, yours truly, I. HAIsAwAY. Campbell Town, October 14th, 1807. P.S.-Cdtherstone'is a maiden horse, not .yet broken; '. 