THE TURF IN TUMUT. .. To the ^Editor of the Tumut and Adelong Times . SlE, — By the above title I do not mean to. suggest the musical, unmusical, or ' famous black turf,' but what we understand in common Australian parlance by the term, horseraeing. We 'have had Bome experience in Tumut which should Bbow that applying the term sport to our yearly nag-running is a manifest misnomer ; that it has become in fact ? nothing more or less than the prosy yankee spec of shaking handB with the almighty dollar. Where honesty ends, and sharping beginB, is a point, I opine, of rather doubtful determination ; still it is a sort of ethical, though melancholy* con solation to Tumutites to know that even twice a year they can get the boon of an approach to, or chance of, justice (in contradistinction to law) ; thaj though a pettifogging limb of that beautiful and useful scierce can ordinarily earn the tin and oheap fame of a lion among asses ; can bamboozle or bully supremely supine supercilious magisterial anility, he must then hide his diminished head and content himself with caokling legal or illegal' bullets into the ear of some one really qualified by study and mental calibre to fire them. About the honesty or dis honesty of a case tried last Friday the less said the better for certain parties ; but the presiding judge expressed his sentiments so unmistakably that the most innocent of listening tyros needed not a divin ing. rodito discover on whose- side lay honor and justice,, notwithstanding, the- doubtfullness of its legality. We know that- the most despicable of all rogues 'is he who, conducts his roguery so, well- aa. to be sheltered by the se.-;is of law. It is also certain that a good swearer is the most dangerous animal that exists, and society for its ow.n protection should know hoir to scout such an unmitigated rascal from the* pale of- even honest- social intercourse. Were !your- humble servant to perpetrate such a peccadillo as was tried on Friday, there w.ould be, no doubt, no end of prying into antecedents and calculating possible 11 consequents' and when my name would be mentioned there would: ha. no. end. to, aeripua- talk ing- and illimitable shaking of-Socratlc heado. How ever with all our faults we understand simple jus tice, and though ' Scipio's ' ghost walks unre^enged amongst us, we know what was. positively pro,ved on Fridey, that ' right is rigntj.^iid, wr^ng ia. np njan's if right..'' It is likely that after this is published, there-may be some futile attempt to ' make the v^orse appear the better -reason,' but I would advise the experi mentalist to usahis sbor-t time and honest ink for a | better cause ; and also should the foregoing cap fit him, or the shoe pinch him, he had better bear the j same relation to this communication that Baddy, bore to his old boot when he said ha- would. ' rather walk . alongside o f it than walk in- it.'' Yours, &c.;, SPI'NOS-US. Spring Creek, February 26, 1867'. , 