THE CHURCH AND THE BIBLE. —A LEC TURE. A lecture on the above subject with the object of raising funds for the repair of the Catholic Chapel, Lncknow, was delivered iu the large room of Mr. Blunt's Hotel, on Thursday evening, by Rev. J. O'Donovan. Notwithstanding the short notice that had been given, the attendance was very large, including members of every denomination, and1 a fair sprinkling gf frionda from Orange. On the motion of Mr. Spicer, seconded by Mr. Dovery, Mr. O'Shea took the chair and briefly introduced the rev. lecturer. After a few opening remarks, in which the lecturer expressed the pleasure he felt at . fleeing so large an audience met together in aid of so laudable and charitable an object, and declared his intention of giving utterance' to no statement that could offend any present, the lecture was proceeded with. ; God (he said) having created man unto his own image and likeness, it was evident that man was destined for a great and glorious end. Man was the noblest of created beings and God had openly manifested his predilection in him ; there fore he weuld have been created in vain if the means had not been given to him to secure his eternal welfare. Whether the Church or the Bible, were the truest means, he would attempt to show. In order to do this, he 'would submit three propositions : First, that Christ instituted the Church, and left unerring rules for the guidance of its members ; secondly, that the Church was instituted by Christ prior to the writing of the books of the New Testament ; thirdly, that the written word of God taken by itself, and understood by each individual by and for himself, could' not be a sufficiently secure rule of faith. Speaking to the first proposition, he would first .ask the meaning of the word Church. It was taken from the Latin word 'ecclesia,' a gathering — or from a Greek word signifying 'I call together,' there fore from the meaning, a gathering together or assembly, it simply signified all true followers of Christ united in one body and under one head. T'hn.'f. filirisifc inQt.itnfcod fViia fihiiivVh in 4:Tia tnvm of a society is evident from the constant and perpetual testimony of the society itself, for not a time exists, if we ascend from the present age up to the time of Christ, that record doea not exist of such a society. A society, being com. posed of a number of individuals, though the individual members may die, yet the society it self perseveres the customs, laws, regulations, &c.;, regulating the society are preserved, and we have the evidence of the society itself that Christ instituted the Church. Again, nothing more marked the credibility of the Christian religion than miracles 'and prophecies. When true miracles could be performed it was a sufficient proof of the divinity of Christian religion, and the same motives of credibility snow tne origin ana institution ot tnat Church to be divine which is identified with the religion of Christ. The third proof of the same proposition he wowld take from the Netr Testa ment itself, viewing it merely, for the sake of argument, as a historical monument — leaving ita inspiration out of the question for a time. Those who have given us their commentaries re presented Christ aa forming this society, fortify ing it with lawB, and instructing his disciples to ' Go forth and preach the Gospel to every crea ture.' We find him selecting Peter as the ' Rock' upon which he would build his church. All these taken as mere historical evidences were infallible proofs that Christ instituted the Church as the fit and proper means for his wor shirroers to obtain salvation. Proceeding to the second proposition, the rev. lecturer showed that Christ instituted the Church prior to the writing of the New Testament, though there was evidence of his own preaching and the command to his disciples to . preach, yet he neither wrote anything himself, or commanded his disciples to do so. The rules for the guid ance of the Church were delivered orally to his disciples, and by them transmitted to others. It is very evident that the faithful were instructed in the truo way. and received the sacraments, prior to the writing of the New Testament. The Gospel of Mathew was written eight years after the ascension of Christ, in the Jtleorew or oynac language ; tnat or Marie at Rome, ten years after the ascension. John wrote sixty years after; but at that time the faithful were instructed, governed, and received the sacraments — consequently the Church ex isted prior to any writing of the New Testament, though no record was made, prior to the writings of the apostles. The third proposition was that the Bible, as ucderstood by each person for himself, was not a sufficient and secure rule of faith. In order to 'find out some hidden thing, it was necessary to adopt some rule or method. A traveller in a strange country by adopting the chart of that country was enabled to discover its various localities. If this be the case in natural things, how much more necessary was it in the inquiry after salvation that some certain and unerring rule should be adopted. Christ must have left some- certain and unerring way to discover eternal life, and lead to eternal happiness. Many christi&ns; now in existence adopt three different rules of religious enquiry. The first class, adopt the belief of a supposed private inspiration. The second, the written word oi uoa as unaersiooo. oy eacn. xne tmra, is the Word; of God at lai'ge — whether written in the Biblo, or handed from the Apostles in continued succession by the Catholic Church. The first rule then supposed an interior light — an inspiration of God made to each individual. That could not bo good which was liable to lead ! into error. It had done so, and was still liable ? to do so. Persons so deluded imagined God ! manifested himself to them, and led all their ! actions. Tho lecturer referred to numerous ex- } amploa showing the excess of folly and- bias phemy the adoption of this belief led to, prov ing that therefore the belief must be false and ! fallacious ; and could not of itself, send any one to [leaven. How could those adopting this be- j lief,. know that it was not merely their own sen- I sibility or fancy, or a spirit of darkness delu- \ aively transformed into an angel of light. The ' rule appointed by God, must be true, unerring, \ and universal — not being accommodated to tho ' masses — seeing that a great majority could not ' read, aud therefore would fail to receive it in ! this way. If Christ had intended that all man- ! kind should learn his religion from a book, j namely the New Testament, he would have en joined the people to learn to read it. Yet we ! find he wrote nothing at all, neither does it appear that he gave his Apostles any command to write —-though he emphatically commanded them to preach, aad, that to tho nations of the earth. Qn.ly a., portion of ,the Appstlea wroteanj^hing . and what they did write, was for thelnost 'part- ' addressed to particular persons. The Evangel ists were moved by the Holy Ghost to write' ,.r ... .. their respeative gospels yet there is nothing ia. V; them to indicate that any one, or all of them to-:r ; gether, contain a clear exposition of the religion of Christ. Supposing Christ to have appointed his bare written word for the rule of faith, with out any judge to decide, we must suppose him -; to have acted differently from what reason. dic- tates to all legislators. Where do we read of a legislator who, after dictating a code of laws neglects to appoint judges, &c.; Scripture, pri vately interpreted, could not be a secure rule unless each one, even the most ignorant, can /be certain he understands .it,, in its .right 'sofise. -! God in his wisdom, wished that all. should be saved, but in giving a rule of guidance to his- : people towards this end, surely it should be on« that should be universal, one adapted to , the ' great, bulk of mankind. ' The Bible, and the ;. Bible alone was not adapted to the great bulk, therefore could not be the rule laid . ;. down by a God of wisdom. How many were ???,.-., there who could not read? How few were able - to obtain copies of the Bible, before the art of printing. How few even of those who could read, would have time to examine and comparo the various parts, and ascertain what was narra tive, what to, be understood literally, what figuratively. This could not have been the rule estaonsned oy unrist, since it would ex clude thousands from a knowledge of the truth. Moreover, St. Peter said, 'there/ ! are in the scripture things hard to be under stood, which the unlearned, and the unstable : . wrest to their own destruction.' Many profess '? K;at reverence for the Christian Sunday, or v rd's day which they improperly call Sabbath. V; Nowhere was the scriptural warrant for! keep ing the first day of the week, or Sunday instead of the seventh, as God had commanded. The Bible should contain some account of this change but it does not. Hence, if the Bible, and that alone, be the only rule of faith, and if we were to observe and practise nothing, but what was '. recorded there, then we must retrace our steps, ' ; and change the present Sunday, or first day of . the week again into the Sabbath, or seventh day having no authority for the present practiced Again, respecting St. James's solemn injunction with regard to anointing the sick, it might W ' :; said that it was a Jewish rite long since obsolete. ' ; But it was not so. It was clearly a law laid down, which was deemed essential by all who ? ,( lived on the earth for the first 1500 years of the ': :; church, and still practised by the Greek chur»h, ' the oriental sects, and the Catholic church in? -. eluding four-fifths of the Christian world. Did not this fact, combined with the former, prove, seeing the first, instead of the seventh day of the b week, is kept holy without any authority* ; whilst the anointing of the sick is rejected by many notwithstanding the scriptural s T\»»r*rvP ?frw t4*.a wv a «?»$?_?*?*** o-w/i Vn%1-i a$ +V*#k^ 4*1* sv B^ble itself was not a sufficient guide of faith and *? hence, we must look to some other infallible guide. They must look to that rule of faith which includes not merely the written word qf God, but the whole word written and unwritten, in other words, Scripture and Tradition as ex.- .-. plained by that Church which Christ made in-, fallible, when he said, ''Thou art Peter, oa this rock I have built my Church.' The rev. lee-. turer, touched upon the prohibition, with regard .',. to strangled meats, the injunction as to washing ?. of the disciple's feet, and to the fact that if the ? Bible be accepted as the only rule of faith, the rule was necessarily incomplete, seeing. the whole must be accepted, and various books were lost, : and wound up with a recapitulation of the vari- ' ous arguments. The lecturer extended over an hour, and waa listened to with attention. At the close a vote of thanks was proposed by Mr. F. Hall, seconded, by Mr. D. Ryan, and heartily accorded. Thai rev. lecturer suitably acknowledged the compli ment, and in return proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Blunt for their kindness ia lending the room. The proposition was carried,.,, by'acclammation. . ' ( Testimonial to General Burke's Mothbk. i. — The testimonial which has been recently ' manufactured for presentation to the mother oi. '.'.. the Fenian convict, General Burke, is how -m exhibition in this city. It is really a beautiful work of art. The ground is of white satin. In .. the centre is an excellently embroidered likeness : of the General, enclosed by a wreath of laurel / leaves. On one side are the stars and stripes, ^ on the other a green flag, upon which are em- '. broidered a golden harp, two wolf dogs, and. « ., round tower in the distance. The portrait ia surmounted with the words, ' Fenian Brother hood, Department of Manhattan.' Beneath are . . the resolutions of the Brotherhood, together with the address of the convict in green and., gold. On either side are embroidered columns, : l entwined with shamrocks. On tho top of each, column rests a burning lamp, typical of fame and glory. The whole is enclosed in a massively-., ornamented gilt frame. As a public testimonial to General Burke, a special 'Fenian' map at .. Ireland has been published by one of his enter.- ' prising countrymen. It is painted in very atr.-, trau&ivo; uoicmiB, auu uuuvaiun yuitrrtii/a ui vuo-, most prominent Irish patriots, including Burke, and his speech from tho dock. — Aew York Letter. ; ,-? The art of spreading rumours may be compared (6 the art of pin making. There is usually gome truth which I call the wire ; as this passes -f roth hand to hand one gives it a polish, another a paint, others ? make and put on the head, .and at last the pin vt completed. ? ?? .? :. ?...'/ Musio in certain circumstances has strange pover ' over us. It seoms to translate to our own approbem aion our own thoughts, how secret soever, th.ey be*, how confused — nay, sometimes so guilty — and tKnt, too, in a language so intoxicating and deliciotn that !we abandon ourselves to ita .fascinations. : \ ' » ? A little girl four years old, was recently called as witness in apolicecourt, aadinanswerto tbe-questiwi as to what became of little girls who tqld. falsehood^ she uutaattjr replied that they were sect ; Wo ' 