THE PARIS EXHIBITION: (FROM OUR SPECIAL COKRE3P0NDENT. ) No. XX. PARTS. AUG. 2b. As time wears on, the commercial success of tho Exhibition may bo said to bo an established fact, and its ediicational uses aro coming well into play. The oi polloi have now complete possession of the Champs de Mars, and excursionists of all nations are i thronging the galleries which so lately were trodden by kings and the salt of the earth. And, certainly, noA-er were thero so many of the latter gathered together with tho same object or in the same place ; the royal list of visitors including fifty-eight, of Avhom forty-five were sovereigns and princes, three were queens, and ten princesses. Out of the number, too, ten Avere kings, six reigning princes, nine heirs presumptive and one viceroy. But the kings and princes are all gone, and the million is in possession-very much against the interests of the Paris hotel and lodging keepers, who find their rooms vacant to a degree even unusual. In fact, the attempt on the Czar and tho tragedy in Mexico may be said to have given tbe finishing stroke to the season, for the upper ten speedily disappeared, reducins tlio fash- ionable portion of the city to comparative dulness. As rcgaids the Exhibition itself, it does not appear to have suffered much, for the bulk of visitors haA'e como moro to see than to be seen ; and as cheapness is the order of the day, they are not likely to trouble their heads Avith receptions or balls. There is a constant flow of English excursionists, both of the ordinary tourist, Avho have this year elected to visit Paris in preference to Eng- lish and Scotch lakes, and of tho working excursionist, who, to seo one-quarter of Avhat is required of .him, must work with a ven- geance. In addition to the artisan arrange- ments from the various large manufacturing toAvps, the members of the Society of Arts has paid a visit, and gone tho round, not only of the Exhibition but of all the dif- ferent Government and privato establish- ments. Indeed, so great was the influx of provincials, that an encampment has been foimed in the Avenue Kapp, consisting of a series of wooden huts, which will hold from ?¡00 to 000 inmates very comfortably. All the brass bands, to the number of 050 mem- bers, lived here in harmony for a fortnight. What'a mercy it Avasfortbe neighbourhood that they did not take it into their hoads all to perfoim at once, It may fairly bo said that all the glitter of the Exhibition is gone, and that the practical knowledge to bo de derived from it has now to be acted upon. I have said a good deal in foniicr-lette« on the various complaints of English back- sliding, and the want of proper technical education. The state of things assumed such a serious aspect, that a letter was ad- dressed to the principal jurors by tho Schools Inquiry Commission as to the opinion of each one on these points. Some of the most eminent of the jurors, including such mon as Warrington Smyth, Professor Frankland, Scott Bussell, M'Coniiell, Professor Tyndall, Canon Norris, and others, have replied, stating in more or less general terms their conviction that England is really losing giound to a great extent, ' and that France, Austria, and Prussia, Avere fast passing us, mainly through the excellent system of tech- nical education, in which England is so de- ficient. Not only in engineering, metallurgy, chemistry, and the decorative arts, but even in the strongholds of spinning and weaving, tho lamentation is still the same, that we aie beaten, and that AVO can no longer triumph OArcr our neighbours. The Inquiry Commission suggests that a special Govern- ment commission be instituted for the purpose of ascertaining the effects and Avorking of the system on the Continent. After all, AVC are a practical nation, and aro not above OAvning ourselves thrasbed ; and if the result of the Paris Exhibition bo such as to bring this sad fact clearly before our eyes, it Avili have done us a good turn, and we ought to bo thonkful for it. The best means of making the Exhibition conducive to ourintorcsts have been also the theme of discussion in the House of Com- mons, and it has been decided that pur- chases should bo made to the extent of £25,000. This money is to be spent princi- pally in purchases of foreign origin, in pre- ference to those of British mako; pictures and statuary are to be excluded, and the choice is to be entrusted to a scientific com- mission, in company with the art referees from tho Kensington Museum. Poor Mr. Cole, CB. (who, by-the-Avay, is expected to receive a baronetcy, for which he has long been fishing), won't liko this last clause, for he wanted to have £100,000, all of Avhich, doubtless, was to pass through him ¡ but I fancy the nation has had a little too much of such irresponsibility, and would prefer somebody else besides Mr. Cole to choose for them. The greatest novelty of the ephemeral pro- ductions of the Exhibition during the past month has been in the musical department, and particularly in that of brass bands. A monster competition in instrumental musie took placo betAveen the bands of France Austria, Belgium, Prussia, and Italy, whicl must have stunned the ears of the judge; pretty considerably, The Austrian band wa considered the best, and having gained tin prize, has improved its opportunities b: giving several open-air concerts with vet¡ great success. The other musical attractior is moro unique, and consists of a soriei of musical representations of African ant Algcrine composers, divided into foin parts. The negroes of the desert repro- duce the music and dances of the Sahara, the former being limited to tom-toms and iron castanets. The dances aro very extraordinary, especially that of tho stick dance, in which each man was armed Avith a stick and moved in a chele. At every other step each alternate performer turned round on the man behind him, striking his stick on the ground, al which the wholo lot tumbled to the earth, which ho touched with his forehead, then jumped up with a screech, and on da capo. To this succeeded a more refined concert of music, as performed before the Sultan by the tribe of Ouled Nail. The singing of the women Avas monotonous, not to say cracked, but their looks Avere undeniably good, and so if passed muster Avith the audienco. The dancing Avas better, though, if anything, c little too expressive in pantomimo foi Eui opean ladies, who looked as though thej did not know what to make of it. Then foi lowed a concert of native music by the JcAvcsses and Moors of the couit-very ear splitting, as though all tho cats in Paris hat been let loose and wero serenading theil friends ; and the Avhole affair was Avound uj with a sort of jugglciy exhibition by a negro .who ran about tho stage eating reel hot coals while an Arab stuck skewers into his tongul and cheek, and also took a slight i> lection o live lizards and scorpions. The Avholo exhi bition was as curious as anything could bo although by no means a pleasant one. My last letter brought me doAvn to thi inner circle of the books and fine arts-thi kernel and gem of the Avholo. Wo havi rambled together from the heavy machiner; through all the gradations of the useful ane the desorative arts, until Ave find oursohes ii the most intellectual and refined portion o the whole exhibition-which, by the Avay, i ühvays the most «rowdeel. No matter hov empty the other galleries are, those of paint ing and sculpture aro sine to bo full; proving I suppose, that the multitude is led by Avha appeals to the eje more thau tim which appeals to tho mind. And noA let us examine the photographs, of Avhich probably, there is the largest collection OA'C {nought together at the same time-no les than twenty countries competing in this branch. As a rule, wc are struck with the number of specimens of portrait-photography, and with their great excellence, even in countries where one would not expect it, such as Russia, which contributes, from War- saw, some of the finest portraits in the build- ing. England, as usual, is poor in her exhi- bits ; not that they are intrinsically bad, but the collection is small, and somewhat com- monplace, moreover, it is badly placed, and willi a bad light-but this is a feature com- mon to' most English exhibits. Competent judges say that the portrait- photography is not so good technically or artistically as that of other countries. Moreover, many of the pictures are old ones, which have been exhi- bited before, and have lost their freshness ; indeed, in some cases they had commenced to fade. Inlandscapes, however, the English pictures take a deal of beating, and have a delicacy of light and shade, which are rarely attained by continental artists. It was a treat, indeed, in some of the baking hot days to Hy to the shady and comparatively cool retreat of tiro photograph court, and in imagination to wander by the side of tho leafy brook or tho broad river, and perchanco catch a trout in the deep pool of the mill- stream that looks so deliciously tempting. Perhaps it is that we possess in England such charming little subjects that gives us this pre-eminence in landscape work. Among the best bits in this court is one of " Canford Mill on tho Stonr," by Bondi, taken with bromo-iodised collodion, and charmingly rendered. Mr. Cameron, of Freshwater, and Colonel Stuart also send some exquisitely clear photographs from nature ; and thero is also a fine collection of Indian pictures, from Cashmere. The science of photography has become so much deve- loped, that the number of different processes are very perplexing to the uninitiated, who aro under the impression that a camera, some nitrate of silver, and a good light aro all that are necessary to the formation of a picture. The present Exhibition is remarkable for its great excellence of processes, and particularly in the advancement of permanent print- ing. For the first time, wo havo a good display of pictures hy tho carbon process, as patented by Mr. Swan, and exhibited by Braon and Dornach, the purchasers of tho patent. They comprise a large series of Swiss views, and some groups of game and still life, all remarkable for their richness and force of outline. The other pictures by this process are unimportant, the best after Braon's being those of Mr. Pouney, of Dor- chester, but even these are rather heavy and smudgy. The carbon process is particularly well adapted to the photographing of ma- chinery, an exainpio of which is seen in tho cylinders of tho Northumberland, photo- graphed by Nelson and Chevril, which are per- fect triumphs of art. Allied to this is the photo- zincography, as practised at the Ordnance office. Then there aro some very interesting displays of photo-relief printing, by Woodbury, from metal blocks. The pictures are ob- tained by hydraulic pressure from gelatine reliefs, and have a peculiarly beautiful soft- ness, combined with sharpness, which leave nothing to be desired on this head, save an extension of size. In photo-engraving Mr. Dallas has some fine examples; as has also M. Gamier, of Paris, who shows a series of photographs, and side by side with them a series of prints, taken from engraved plates executed by his process by the sun itself, and it is hardly possible to tell the one from tho other, This process he calls heliogravure ; and some more examples are shown by M. Dorand, in the shape of imitations in steel and copper of plates from old books, produced in different sizes. About the most in- genious and valuable processes of photo- graphy are those of enamel, as practised by M. Lafon and M. Doroche, of Milan. Herr Grüne, of Berlin, also shows an extraordinary series of these enamels ; as also a photo- graphic gilding on glass and porcelain, which bid fair to become very important, not merely as accessories of art, but of economic decora- tion. As a variety of the same process were some photographs on opal or opalised glass, by Astori. The photographs which, struck me most in the French Court were those by Maxwell Lyte, of the Bagnes-di-Bigone, most exqui- sitely clear. Ferrier et Fils, for landscapes The Marquis de Beranger, who exhibits in- stantaneous views in the Bois de Boulogne Civiale, who has some magnificent Pyrenean scenery-some portraits by Garreaud, taken by the electric light-Yvon for boating scenes, and Delton for photographs of horses. The Belgian photographs are rather coarse, al- though of bold and vigorous outline. The best were the portraits of Cerozen an Chemer, who exhibit one of Colonel Lloyd Lindsay, and there was a lovely little study by Joostens of a young girl looking at herself ii the ginks. The Prussian photographs are ver, good, both in portraits and landscapes, in the latter of which those of Dr. Vogel, are, I think equal to the English ones. There was also exhibited a collection of cheap coloured photographs for the decoration of cottages and workmen's houses, which is decidedly an improvement in cultivating the taste for the beautiful on what we have in England. The Austrian exhibits are first-rate, especially those of Charles de Jagermann and Louis Schranke, of Vienna, whose painting of photographs ex- cceded anything that I saw. In the Swiss court, Poney, of Geneva, reproduces Cálame's drawings with beautiful effect; and in Nor- way there is a study of a birch-tree in storm, by Emissaeren, of Christiana, after one of Dahl's paintings, which was of extra ordinary beauty and clearness. These, then are the most noticeable in this very interesting branch, the rapid growth and universality of which are by no means the least surprising thing about it. The most recent im- provements may be enumerated in the processes of positivo printing, both with salts of silver and carbon ; tho application of photography to enamels and glass, an tho heliographic process, which allows the printing off of proofs in an oily ink upon metal or stone. At present there is no dis- covery of any means by which to fix the pho- tographic images in their natural colours but photography has recently been enabled to produce the images upon paper which for- merly could only be produced upon metallic plates, and doubtless it will not be long be- fore this other desideratum is obtained. Before we quit photography, I must say on word on chromography, which is taking high place in decorative art. Wall paper printed in cylinder machines, like calico, ar common enough ; and there are some beaut- ful colour-printed papers exhibited by Leigh-l ton, of London, from pictures in tho Illus- trated London News. Rowney, of Rathbone- place, sends a couple of dogs watching hedgehog, which is quite unique in its way and worthy to be placed in an album. As a sequence to tho photographs, wo come to tho hooks, which are a peculiar and novel features in exhibitions. Books have been shown before, as books, that is to soy, as spe- cimens of the printers' and binders' arts. But here we have collections of books to illustrate both the style and matter which issues from the press, both of ephemeral and permanent productions. Certainly, as an exhibition, it is not very attractive ; but nevertheless, it is, as regards England, so characteristic of our intellectual freedom and intellectual activity that it possesses an interest quite peculiar to itself ; for not only are our indi- vidual publishers exhibitors, but also the country at large. Amongst tho official pub- lications exhibited are a number of fac- similes of acts, patents, and journals of the Houses of Parliament, which are more curi- ous than interesting. There is also a cata- logue of all the publications authorised by tho Commissioners of the Treasury, and brought out under the direction of the Master of the Rolls. Few general readers know how much they are indebted to these eighty volumes, or, indeed, aro aAvare of what they consist. They are the works of many of our ancient historians and chronicles of our old monastic establishments, which' up to tho time of their publication, woro only in manuscript, and accessible to very fcAV, in- deed, in any ease they would have been like so much Hebrew to all but a certain stamp of scholar, Considering that the histoiy of our country AVOS mainly indebted to these old writings for its veracity and authority, it AA'as a Aviso and honourable act of the Government to have them translated and brought into public use, and the literaiy world owes a great deal to Sir John Romilly for his patient and careful superintendence of the alTair. A portion oi this Exhibition which appeals to the eye and taste of the general visitor is that arranged by tho Science and Art department of South Ken- sington, so as to shoAv what tho production of the British press has been for one year only, which comprises in itself a collection of 5,000 volumes. To this end, eveiy publisher in Great Britain and Ireland has contributed by sending one ¿opy of every work publishod by him during the year. Novels, from Hat chards ; handbooks, from Albemarle-street ; Punch, from Bradbury and Evans ; classics, horn Whittaker; physics, from Churchill; tales, form Itoutledgc ; quaint antiquarian books, from Hotten and Russel I Smith; standard works, from Longman ; philo- sophy, from Macmillan ; guidebooks, from Black ; geographies, from Stanford ; religion, from Smith and Elder; American works, from Sampson Low, all figuro in this curi- ous medley, and bear testimony to the versa- tility and requirements of British taste. Tho total number of the year's publications repre- sented here by books only, and not by magazines and ephemeral literature, is 4,752, of Avhich London sends 4,009, Edinburgh, 279 ; Dublin, 129 ; and the provinces, 335, while the list of publishers contributing amounts to 184. Amongst the moro curious of tho books displayed are the quaint works of Hotten,- the brilliant illustrations of Day and Son ; the Bibles and Prayer-books from Bagster and the Oxford Press, while con- spicuous amongst the lot are the A'olumes of Punch, surmounted by a small figure of that keon trenchant, wit Avhich has so long de- lighted the English peoplo ; but which is a bugbear and a terror to continental evil- doers. As regards the statistics- of this mass of literature, it is a significant fact that moro than a thousand of the works exhibited aro novels, and that thero arc 1,353 reprints, principally of the English classics. Largo as this number of new books is, it by no means represents the reading population of this country, a great portion of Avhich never goes beyond a monthly magazine or a nsws paper. That tho nations of tho earth should understand this fact, a most curious col- lection of magazines, weekly, monthly, and quarterly has been made, together with o single copy of every neAvspapor published in the United Kingdom. As this is probably the first timo on record when all the ephemeral publications ol Great Britain have been gathered together it may interest my readers to lay bofort them a brief summary of what the countr; does produce ; for I, for one, had not tin slightest notion of the extent and import ance of this branch. Of newspapers the lis is as folloAvs ¡-London dailies, 22 ; weeklies 28 ; illustrated papers, 6 ; special, 27 ; Lou don local, 3G ; provincial, 795 ; Welsh, 43 Manx, 4; Scotch, 132; Irish, 120; colonia mid foreign, published in England, 20 ; com merdai periodicals, 65 ; roligious periodicals 126 ; army and navy, 10 ; law, 33 ; medicine 33 ; political, 34 ; agriculture, 27 ; sporting 21 ; scientific, 70 ; art, 15 ; mechanics, 12 educational, 24 ; children's, 53 ; light one miscellaneous, 133 ; temperance, 28 ; alman acs, 44 ; raihvay, 25-makins a grand tota of 2,001 regularly appearing publications, the greater port of which when read, aro no1 thought worthy of a higher fate than lightin¡ the firo. Whero all the people can corni fiom to read these 2,001 papers'and maga zincs ; and how so many can pay their ex penses, is a puzzle. It is a most amusini thing to watch foreigners sauntering hit the court Avhere all these newspapers ar pasted up, and tho blank amazement wit' which they seemed to try and understan what on earth AYO want so many papers foi The Avhole thing is a mystery to the inhab tants of continental tOAvns, Avho aro only use to some dozen uewspapeis altogether, an those carefully overlooked lest there may I something contraband in them. One woul havo thought that this display of Britis learning Avas sufficient, but tho indefatigabl oflicials who havo superintended the arrangi mont have thought it necessary to exhibit th loAvest as AVCII as the highest styles of lean ing, and they have got together not only a extraordinary collection of valentines, bu the polite litoraturo of Bothnal Green an Seven Dials, being probably the first timo i the history of art that this school has been re cognised. Hero wo have shown to us at on glance tbo sensational penny noA'els of th New Cut, in Avhich the " Midnight Murder, c the One-handedltobber" vie in interest wit tho pathetic stoiy of "The Ghost of "Watt Cox" or the humorous ballad of "Padd Kelly." There is a lower order of literatur still than this, but it is satisfactory to kno' that every attempt at spreading this by mear of ícgular periodicals has been a failure. Amongst tho beautiful examples of typi Brophy and binding arc the works that issu fiom the press of Marcus Ward, of Belfas who has deservedly obtained great honour fe these magnificent illuminated volumes. It singular that this long-forgotton art Avas prii cipally in the hands of Irish moults, Avho o cupicd their peaceful leisure in the mona tories Avith detailing the annals of their tin in the most elaborate of Avriting and omi mentation ; and it is still moro singular tha after centuries of oblivion, tho same beaut ful art should bo revived by au Irish pul Usher. It is not a mere freak, for ho lu educated, within tho last ten years, a larj body of art-AVorkmen, with a special vieAV t this illuminating style. Amongst his exhibit ure a splendid series of volumes belonging t the Prince of Wales ; the illuminatod histoi of St. Patrick, presented as a testimonial t Sir Benjamin Guinness by the citizens of Dublin ; and eight volumes given to the Earl of Hillsborough on his coming of age. The oio redolent in glowing colours, gold bordor and emblazoned arms ; and AVO cannot bl compliment the lämcrald Isle for turning oi such a splendid oxomple of native talent. Let us walk on through the French litera department ; and hero tho action may Ave surprise us, and make us reflect on ti changes that havo taken placo since ti mediieval days, Avhen a book was worth mo than its weight in gold. Even sixty yea ago, hand-presses Avere still in use, and ti ink Avas ground by hand, Avhilo the in pression was taken from tho forms con posed of movcablo characters. This, hoi ever, Avas all changed by tho intr duction by stereotyping and the gal AWI plaster process, succeeded by lithography ar its various branches of chromographic ai typographic colour printing, Tho publish in Frunce is different to his English con/rót for in his establishment aro found the ce lectivo heads and hands of the designer, o graver, printer, papermaker, and binder, that, in point of fact, ho is tho producer the Avhole work in all its stages, Avith the e ccplion of the matter contained. The pri cipal centres of French publishing are Par Tours, Rouen, Lille, Lyons, Rennes, Limogi ond Epinal. and the number of works print in 18C6 amounted to 13,883. The value exports of literature is upwards of 20,000,000 of francs per annum, and the quantity of paper employed is 2,500 tons. The two fore- most of French publishers are of course.: Hachette, of Paris-the Murray of Franco, both on account of the age and position of the house and the specialty of guide books which it possesses-and Marne and Sons, of Tours, probably tho largest publishing house ia the world. Whole libraries issuo annually from this monster establishment, which is desig- nated hy themselves as "tine vaste usine intellectuelle"-a great intellectual factory -the prices ranging from Gustave Doré's illustrated Bible at 200f. to small tracts at a half sous each. This, it will bo obsorved, is another great distinguishing feature be- tween English and French publishers the latter issuing an olia podrida of litera- ture suited to all tastes and purses, while the former confines himself to a particular branch of literature. Next to thoso giants come Firmmi-Didot, with their boautiful editions of classics, and Curmer Plon, and the Imperial printing-office, for beautiful typo and vignettes. Some of tho binding is very ' superb, but somehow it always gives ono the impression that the books aro not intended to be read. Perhaps in nothing is there so great an improvement as in tho maps of both coun- tries ; nothing can beat tho spleirdid engraving of our Ordnance Survey, or, for privato enter- prise, the general maps exhibited by Stanford of Charing-cross. The geological maps of France are particularly clear and good, and, goneraUy speaking, on a larger scale than our geological maps. In Belgium, the chief object of admiration is Van Doosclacre's genealogical charts and specimens of old painting ; while Spain has a beautiful edition of Don Quixote, most gor- geously bound. Prussia is most famous for her specimens of papor-moncy printing and her maps, which are even clearer than thoso of ITrancc. Almost _every country oxhibits specimens of printing or binding, though,with the exception of those I have named, and Italy, there is but little shown of published works-a tolerably good test of the literary ac- tivity of that part of the world. I must not part company with the geo- graphical section without calling attention to a very useful class of maps in the French de- partment. Land and water were hero deli- neated-tho former in a series of agronomic and hydrographie maps, and thelatterbymcans of Maury's charts. The agronomic sections showed the depths of soil iu the various dis- tricts, ns also their' chemical composition, while the hydrographie pointed out tho fall of the rivers and the drainago effected by them.. There is also a useful section of artesian wells, by tho Abbé Richard, which shows that our continental neighbours are much moro alive to the internal economy of their affairs than we are. Indeed, the whole of the esta- blishment of Group X. is a proof of this, for it comprises in its voluminous rango all apparatus and methods used in the instruc- tion of children, libraries for the in- struction of adults in colleges or workshops, furnituro and clothing of special adapt- ability to the wants of tho working classos, and, in fact, over)'thing that can bo proved to bo of use or of necessity to society at large. It is, indeed, the embodiment of a groat conception, and is a worthy pendant to sucl an Exhibition as this ; and if cynics ma) smile at its universality, as being tot ambitious and Utopian, it is at least a favour able sign of tho great moral forces which an beginning to make themselves felt and under stood in the history of nations. Not onl; facts, hut theories, bearing upon the in struction and improvement of tho masse are hero shown ; the object of the groii] being, in the words of the commis sioners, "to collect tho numerous docu ments which exist relativo to institution created in various parts of France, cither b; the state, tlio departmental authorities, tin communes, associations, or privato per sons, from tho triplo point of view o benevolence», provident arrangements, ¡and popular education, or "by tho manufacturen or workmen themselves, to contribute to the improvement of tho material and moral condition of tho communities on gaged in manual labour." Great Britain does not figure very largely in this category not that she is deficient in educational 01 philanthropic establishments, but becauso tin state, as a nile, does so littlo ira tho way o: control or superintendence. The varioui religious and Bible societies aro well rcpro sented, tho .latter exhibiting tho Scripture in 173 languages and 213 versions. Indeed it would be as well if tho officials of this se ciety confined their well-meant efforts to ox hibiting, for they aro somewhat portinn cious in pressing their attentions on over passer-by, and insisting on his carrying awa a portion of the Biblo in any language h likes best. These efforts are undoniabl praiseworthy, but, unless performed in th most discreet way, aro apt to provoke con ments and remarks whicli do harm to til cause instead of good. Tlio South Komine ton Museum sends a collection of charitabl reports of various British societies, whio would at least show to anybody who was ii: terested onough to read thom that if wo ar deficient on this point it is not for want c numbers, or for the lack of money spoilt o them. 