NEWS OF THE WEEK The Governor will turn the first sod of the Port Wakefield Railway on May 1. The rerort of the Smithfield Farmers4 Club meeting we are compelled to hold over till to-morrow. Professor Bushell, the electro-biologist, Is exhibiting and lecturing, with great success, in Singapore. The Payneham district ratepayers are still petititioning for aud against the division of the district. A correspondent at Coonatto says, under date April 17th, 'Splendid rains have fallen over the whole of this district, and it is still threatening.' The returns of immigration and emigra tion at Port Adelaide for the week ending Saturday, April 13, shows 65 passengers inwards and 62 outwards. The average daily return of destitute poor and sick supported by the Government for the month of March is 577 males and 542 females ; total, 1,119. Mr. W. G. Morris has challenged Mr John Harvey to run Minna against Darkie, one month from date of challenge, weight for age, two mile heats, for £200. A special general meeting of the Sixth Creek Mining Company was held on Thursday morning, when, after considerable discussion, it was resolved to make a call of 2s. per share. On Sunday evening, about 7 o'clock, a young woman named Brooks, an inmate of the Lunatic Asylum, made her escape from that institution, and has not yet been recap tured. On Tuesday last smoke was observed issuing from the large coal heap at the Wallaroo Smelting Works, and it is thought spontaneous combustion is going on somewhere near the centre of the heap. By the last mail the Secretary of State for the Colonies has transmitted a warrant under the Koyal Sign Manual, under which the decoration of the Victoria Cross may be bestowed upon colonial volunteers. With reference to our account of the gunpowder accident at North Adelaide on the 12th instant, Mr. B. W. Andrews informs us that neither of his sons were present at the ex plosion, but were at home in bed at the time. An inquest was held at the Stockade, Dry Creek, on Sunday afternoon, on the body of Francis Jury, a guard, who, according to the evidence, had accidentally fhot himself on Saturday last. The Jury returned a verdict to that effect. We perceive amongst the London literary announcements that a new work by Maude Jeanne Franc (author of ' Vermont Vale,' ' Marion,' it), entitled ' Emily's Choice,' is being published, and wiil reach Adelaide by the April (nail There are now on exhibition at the Institute, as may be seen in our advertising columns, a number of first-class oil paintings by John Feruely. The subjects are horses, dogs, and game ; and the paintings are well worth a visit of inspection. We are informed that Mr. John Harvey accepted, at the Globe, on the settling night, the challenge of Sir. UT. G. Morris to ran Minna against Darkie, weight for age, for £200 ; but the necessary preliminaries not being com pleted on the part of the challenger, the affair dropped through. The following business was on the paper for consideration before the Full Court on Tuesday last i — Mackenzie y. Dean and Another, and Foster y. King (motions for rule niti) ; Vicary v. Vioary (matrimonial) ; Cherry and Another v. Huggins, and a petition of — Messner under the Real Property Act. Miss M. E. Aitken has been invited to visit the towns on Yorke's Peninsula, to give the good folks there an opportunity of enjoying the great intellectual $reat which the people of Adelaide enjoyed l-V«i week. We hope Miss Aitken will pay a visit to the great centre of our mining industry. Jn the Local Court of Adelaide (Full Jurisdiction), on Wednesday, April 17, a number of important cases were disposed of, but owing to the length of the causa list som« of them had to be postponed until the following morning. The Court adjourned at past 7 o'clock in the evening. The Mauritius Price Current contains some funny items. Under the head of ' Cus toms Duties Levied,' we find ' dogs, imported from Europe or America, £2 per head ; ditto, dried and pickled (!) Is. per cwt.' This is no mistake, as in the free list we find all live animals ' except dogs.' The Chairman of the Destitute Board is desirous of establishing a Iibraryfortheuaeof tha Asylum inmates. If there are any friends who can, without inconvenience, spare books or pub lications that will tend to raise, as well as to amuse and interest, the mind, they will be ren dering a great service to the institution. An entertainment was given in the Masonic Hall, Strathalbyn, on Friday evening, April 12. There was a large attendance, and Dr. Herbert, J.P., presided. The .programme was an excellent one, and was gone through in capital style ; in fact the entertainment alto gether passed off with great eclat. The Lake Alexandrina Steam Naviga tion Company's mail steamer Telegraph will make an excursion trip from Mihuig to Wel lington on Easter Monday. Cobb & Co.'s coaches will run from town in conjunction with the steamer, and as the fares are moderate no doubt many will avail themselves of the op portunity of having a trip. On Tuesday evening a tea and public meeting were held in the Wesleyan Chapel,' Walkervillc, both of which were numerously attended. Mr. J. Scott presided over the pub lic meeting, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. Messrs. J. Watsford, Flockart, Wil liams, and others. The meeting closed at an early hour in the usual manner. We understand that a rifle match between the Adelaide and the Strathalbyn Clubs will be fired at Strathalbyn on Good Friday. City Club— Messrs. Turner, Ferguson, Ryrnill, Patterson, Letchford, and linde. Strathalbyn Club— Messrs. James, Matthew, John, and Andrew Rankine, and John and Edward Stark. The ranges will be 200, 500, 600, and 800 yards ; 10 rounds at each range. Miss Aitken gave one of her elocu tionary entertainments at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Tuesday. April 16. There was a fair attendance. The programme was a repeti tion of the first she gave in Adelaide, and her readings and recitations were very much en joyed. Sir. Neville Blyth, M.P., occupied the chair, and Mr. R. B. White ably presided at the piano. The sum of £300 having been voted by Parliament as grant-in-aid of Agricultural Societies, all Societies wishing to share in such grant must send in their applications to the Chief Secretary's Office pot later than noon of the 14th May. Information must at the same time be forwarded as to the amount of annual subscriptions raised by each Society applying, and the amount expended in prizes. On Monday evening:, April 15, at the Globe, Mr. Adcock's two steeplechase horses — Coronet and Tommy — were raffled, the highest throw to pick, and the lowest to take th« re maining horse. Mr. Henning, of the Globe, won the choice, and Mr. Robinson, the well known jockey, the second prize. Coronet ran. for the Steeplechase last Thursday, and Tommy for the Hurdles at the summer meeting. The following telegram was received from Messrs. McMeikan, Blackwood, & Co., of Melbourne, by Mr. Darwent, this morning : — ' South Australian is wrecked on Coal Point, 50 miles j south of Dunedin, on her way here. She is insured. We are excessively vexed. All hands are saved.' The South Australian ift insured in this colony as folio wb : — Universal, £12,000; Adelaide Marine, £3,000; Derwent and Tamer, £3,000; Alliance, £1,000; and £1,000 in other offices, making a total of £20,000. We have seen an admirable mezzotint photograph of the late Mr. Robert Hall, of the Gresham Hotel, and formerly photographist of this city. The outline was taken by Mr. Robert Hall, jun., from a small vignette, and then filled in with Indian ink and pencil by Mr. A. Pearce. The portrait is a perfect triumph of art, the shading excellent, and the likeness will be recognised as remarkably accurate by those who knew Mr. Hall a few years ago, when the vignette was taken. The following is an extract from a letter received by us from a member of th# Mauritius Board of Health : — ' Here we are in a state of demoralization owing to the epidemic, which continues to spread, and to make an. awful number of victims of all classes. The general mortality equals seven times that of ordinary times ; and in ordinary times, as you are aware, our mortality is double that of Ade laide. Quinine, the only remedy for the reigning fever, sells at 5d. per grain, or twio* the price of pure gold.' We have seen at the stores of Messrs. C. L. Meyer & Co. a beautiful collection of statuary, recently imported from Berlin to the order of Mr. Schomburgk, brother of th* Manager of the Botanic Gardens. The Statues are cast in zinc, and are a perfect and truly marvellous imitation of bronze and stone. ? There are a number of designs for fountains in bronze imitation. The statues comprise a number of antiques from Rome and Florence, Venus and Hebe by Canova, and other gems of art. The collection is well worth a visit of n spection. The following is the quarterly return of the number of live stock imported into and ~ exported fiom the province of South Australia (overland), during the quarter ended 31st March, 1867 .—Imported from New South Wales, 12,000 sheep, 600 cattle, 200 horses ; Victoria, 8,700, sheep, 400 cattle, 159 horses ; total imported, 20,700 sheep, 1,000 cattle, 359 horses. Ex ported to Victoria, 29,315 sheep, 70 hones; total exported, 29,315 sheep, 70 hones. Ex cess of imports, 1,000 cattle, 289 horses ; excess of exports, 8,615 sheep. The settling for the autumn races took place on Tuesday night, April 16, at the Globe, when the stakes, amounting to £1,723, were handed over. There was a large attendance, Sir James Fisher presiding ; and toasts and capital songs were disposed of in rapid succession. Mr. Bagot announced his resignation of the secretary ship, at which much regret was expressed.. Sir James Fisher, amid a universal expression of regret, stated that he intended re tiling from the post of President, that he might make way for a younger man. There were long discussions on handicaps, and the Old and Thebazton Courses. The Primitive Methodist Bazaar at White's Rooms was continued on Thursday. The weather being finer there was a larger attendance, and the sales were accordingly much brisker than on the first day. In the evening Chapman's Band again played various selections of music, and an exhibition of astro nomical aud other views through the magic lantern took place in the Masonic HalL There still remain a very huge number of articles— really good and useful articles— and as th» bazaai will remain open to-day, we hope a con siderable clearance of the goods will then be made. Mr. Baker, bootmaker, of Hindley-street, died very suddenly early on Thursday morning. He had been invited to the dinner to Sergeant Fraser, at the Black Bull, on Wednesday even ing, but declined the invitation, saying he did not feel welL He went home to his residesc* between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening and appeared very cheerful, in fact, more cheerful than usual. At an early hour he retired to bed, and at about 2 o'clock in the morning of Thurs day his family were first acquainted vita Jus illness, and at half -past 2 the poor fellow was dead. The Coroner made enquiries and did not consider an inquest necessary, and gave a certifi cate that death was caused by disease of the heart. A complimentary dinner was given to the members for Yatala, Messrs. Glyd* and Cavenagh, M.P.'s,, by the Smithfield Farmers* Club at Smithfield, on Wednesday evening. About 30 persons partook of dinner. The chair was occupied by Mr. G. Scouler, and the Vice Chair by Mr. R. Patterson. Besides the guests of the evening, there were present the Horn. T. Hogarth, M.L.C., and T. Reynolds, M.P., J. Martin, M.P., and Mr. J. H. Clark. Apologies, were read from the Hons. H. Ayers and. J. H. Barrow. The toast of the evening was proposed by Mr. Talbot and received with much enthu siasm, and the proceedings of a pleasant evening closed shortly after midnight. On Thursday evening there was a very good attendance at the Theatre, The piece pro duced was Tom Taylor's three-act play of ' Th» Minister of France, or Plot and Passion,' in which the principal characters were sustained by Mrs. Jackson and Messrs. O'Brien, Andrews, Musgrave, and Morrison. The piece pawed off with considerable success, and the entertain meut concluded with a laughable ballet 'Mad as a March Hare,' arranged by Mr. Edouin, and in which/several pretty dances wen executed by Misses Earl and Woods and Mr. Edouin. . To night the Theatre will not be open, and on Saturday evening ' Richelieu ' will be pro duced, followed by a comic ballet ' The Ghost of the Village.' Chi Tuesday evening Mr. H. L. Voaz, J.P., entertained his workmen and a few per sonal friends at supper at the Hotel Bnrop*, pre vious to his departure for Europe. An elegant and substantial repast was served up by Host Juriet, and a very pleasant evening was spent in the interchange of sentiments of mutual respect and the enjoyment of some excellent vocal music. It must be consolatory to Mr. Van that although his severance from his friends and employes is caused principally through ill* health, that he will cany -with him, in fals journey to the the ' dear old fatherfaid,*' th* good wishes of all that the journey may ev*n« tuate in his restoration to perfect health, and that his speedy return to Adelaide will ba hailed with delight. ~^- ? ' '?*?*?? -'-'' ??? *' ' ?-?-??' ???' In October, 1865, as some of our readers perhaps will remember, Mr. W. Paterson, sales man *t Hewn. Skelton & Co.'b, narrowly escaped drowning off the Brighton beach, having received a sunstroke while in the water. He was, however, fortunately rescued by Mr. B~ W. Allmey, of Melbourne, and that gentleman being recently on a visit to this colony, Mr. Paterson availed himself of the opportunity of giving him some token in recognition of his gratitude for his rescue. He accordingly pre sented him with a handsome silver inkstand obtained from Mr. Wendt's establishment. The inkstand, which is very neat in design, is taste fully chased and bears an appropriate inscrip tion. At about 6 o'clock on Saturday morning a youth named William Hybnd, residing with his patents at Chandler's Hill, was proceeding towards town with a load of wood, and had reached the summit of Tapley's Bill, when he fell from off the pole of the dray on which he was sitting, and the wheel* passing over his . chest occasioned injuries which resulted in almost instant death. A per son who was near at the time, and saw the accident, says that the poor fellow got up as soon as the dray passed, made a sudden ejacula tion, and fell down dead. Mr. J. M. Tapley and some of the neighbors carried the body to the Victoria Hotel, where an inquest was held, and a verdict of accidental death returned. Mr. Frederic Ellard's concert took place on Monday, and we were pleased to see that he had a very good attendance, more particu larly in the reserved seats. In the pieces which he played he showed very great power as a pianist, and is also a very good tenor singer, and makes the very best use of his voice, which seems to hare been carefully cultivated. We should, fancy that he must bean exceedingly clever teacher of the piano if Miss Ellard is his popiL Her performance was characterised by exceedingly good time and touch ; and we . should hardly have fancied her to be so young (nine years) by het playing, which would have '. done credit to much older performers. Mr. White played Tleuxtemps's fantasia remarkably well, and altogether the concert was a success, to which Mrs. Loder contributed in a very great degree. It is very Beldom such an instance of heroic conduct; occurs as is reported by Cap. tain Dnggan, of the Fire Queen, which arrived on Monday evening from London. On April 4, whenin 34 ° 31' lat, 130° I' long., astrong breeze with heavy sea was experienced, and some of the crew were engaged in scraping and \- cleaning, ready to paint for harbor. One of the youngsters lost his hold and fell overboard, and «s the alarm was given the prior loss of the davit boats was felt most severely, bnt without second thought Mr. Cooke, the second officer, was over the side in an instant and in the seething waters of the wake succeeded in grasp ing the boy. On board the vessel the helm was put down, and as soon as the ship came to the wind a boat from the waist was cleared away, and, manned by a willing crew, succeeded in res etting the two from what at first appeared inevi table destruction. This is certainly a case for the Royal Humane Society's medal. That the Marine Board will recommend Sir. Cooke for it i» not to be doubted. The usual meeting of the Central Road Board was held on Tuesday, April 16. A con siderable amount of routine business was gone through, and a number of tenders were ac cepted. A long discussion took place on Mr. Kelly's motion — ' That the clause in the speak fications relative to contractors paying men their wages once a fortnight be struck out.' Ultimately it was lost, and the following amendment carried: — 'That future specifica tions contain a clause to the following effect, ? viz. :— That 10 per oent. only of the amounts certified by the Surveyors for work done by contractors under the Board be retained by (hem -until the completion of the contract. And, further, that that the clause in the printed conditions of contracts, which provides that the workmen be paid fortnightly, be re tained, with the addition that the contracts be forfeited if this provision is not carried out. Such portion of the resolutions also to be in serted in future specifications.' Another fatal accident happened on the Oreenhill-road on Monday, April 15. It appears that a man named John Fox was riding on a dray loaded with wood, and is supposed to have been somewhat under the influence of drink. The dray went over the road, and falling down the side, of the hill, capsized, and fell upon Fox. A man named Henry 'Williams saw the dray upon the deceased, but being unable to release him, he proceeded towards town and gave notice to two men who went to the spot and lifted the dray, when they dis covered that the body was quite dead. Mr. Ingleby held an inquest on the body on Tues day, when a verdict of ' accidental death ' was returned, and a rider added calling the attention of the Commissioner of Public Works to the dangerous nature of the Green Hill- road in con sequence of its not being fenced. Several acci dents have recently occurred on this road, and it really becomes a matter of duty that the road should not any longer be left unprotected by a guard fence. On -Monday evening the Rev. A. M. Henderson delivered a lecture in the Stow Memorial Church in connection with the opening services of that building. Mr. Thoa. Graves occupied the chair, and after prayer by the Rev. Mr. Mead, and the singing of an anthem by the Choir, Mr. Henderson commenced his lecture upon ' Nature and Man.' He enchained the attention for a period of nearly two hours and a half with a marvellous exposition of the vron drous adaptation of nature— in earth, air, and water, to the requirements of man. The atten tion of the rev. gentleman's hearers was secured throughout, and at the close of the lecture, which, was one of the most exhaustive and talented compositions, the lecturer was honored with hearty cheers ; and a vote of thanks to him, proposed by Mr. C. H. Goode, and seconded by the Hon. T. English, was carried by accla mation. We shall publish an account of the lecture in connection with the other services on Wednesday morning. We would here announce that this afternoon a tea meeting will take place in 'White's Booms, and in the evening a public meeting will be held in the Church, when His Honor the Chief Justice will preside, and addresses be delivered by several ministers and others. The amalgamated festival of the Loyal Duke of SussexLodge, A-LO.O.F.,and the Court Foresters' Retreat, A.O.F., was held at the Sussex Arms, Walkerville, on Wednesday evening, April 17. The attendance was not very numerous, which was perhaps attributable to the unpropitiousness of the weather. The chair was occupied by Mr. Councillor Bundey, and Mr. H. Hele ably filled the vice-chair. The repast, which was provided in Host Nottage's best style, having been done ample justice to by the company, and the cloths removed, the Chairman proposed the usual pre liminary toasts, accompanying each with some appropriate remarks. Brother P.D.C.R. Wor snop proposed ' The Ancient Independent Order of Oddfellows.' He alluded to the bless ings which friendly societies conferred on the community generally, and remarked upon the ?accesses which had attended the Ancient In dependent Order of Oddfellows. In concluding he urged upon all the young men present who were not connected witn tne umer to identity themselves with it without delay. (Applause.) The Vice-Chairman responded, and stated that two Lodges had been opened during the year — one at Millbrook, named the Prince Alfred, and the other at Willaston, called the Loyal Victoria. Mr- E. Smith gave 'The Ancient Order of Foresters,' alluding to the fact that the Friendly Societies had saved the Government many thousands of pounds. Brother P.D.C.R. Worsnop excellently acknow ledged the toast. The Chairman, in giving ' The Loyal Duke of Sussex Lodge,' wished it every prosperity. Brother Ruodle returned thanks, re marking that the Lodge had been the means of doing much good since its organization about 10 years ago. Many of the members had experi enced the benefits derivable from connection with ft Friendly Society, and at present the num ber of their members was 94, and the amount of their funds £200. Brother P.P. Earl proposed in « suitable manner, 'The Court Foresters' Retreat,' and Brother P.C.R. Davis responded In a neat speech. The toast of ' The Pastoral, Agricultural, and Mining Interests,' was given by Mr. £. Smith, and responded to by Host Nottage. Several other toasts followed, and a rery pleasant gathering separated at an early hour. During the evening some capital songs and recitations were given. 'The one hundred and thirty-eighth meeting of the Adelaide Philosophical Society was held at the South Australian Institute, on Tuesday evening, April 16. There was only a ▼cry ?mall attendance, and Mr. J. H. Clark was voted to the chair. The minutes of the last meeting having been read and confirmed, the Secretary read a letter from the Town Clerk, in answer to the memorial of the Society to the Corporation respecting the drainage of the city. The letter thanked the members of the Society for their suggestions, and stated that attention would be given to them if funds permitted. Some little discussion ensued on the matter of drainage, during which the Chairman remarked that he thought Mr. Allan's suggestion that each householder should have a moveable recep tacle to contain the soil, &c;, which could be removed away at certain times, was a very good one. He thought the manure might easily be ?old to the market gardeners. Mr. Mellor re marked that he had a similar contrivance on his promises. The Chairman said Mr. Lloyd had prepared a few notes on ' Light Railways of Marrow Gauge' to read that evening, but he thought as the attendance was so small, the paper had better be postponed till a fixture TTn^tjng; as the subject was one of some interest Just now. He (the Chairman) had also brought somf meteorological diagrams with him, which a* would explain to them if they chose. He had prepared them in connection with a paper which he read last week before the Smithfield Farmers' Club. After a little dismission, it was decided to postpone the reading of the paper Witil a larger meeting, and the Chairman pro daoed his diagrams. He stated that he had bean induced to make bis investigations from ftfttenunts mad* by bis friend, Dr. Relly, of Morphett Vale, who had observed that violent fluctuations of the barometer at certain seasons, was a sure indication of favorable weather. He then explained a diagram which he bad pre pared, showing tht fluctuations of die barometer for a period of six years, and also a piinted diagram, showing the relation of the yield of wheat to rainfall, &c; A little discussion arose on Mr. Clark's remarks, during which several remarkable meteorological occurrences were mentioned. The meeting then adjourned. Miss Aitken's readings at White's Booms, on Friday evening, were attended by a select and nnmerons audience, the attendance being even larger than on previous occasions. Many persons equally self-reliant, but less accom plished, have attempted the difficult task of entertaining, singly, a large audience for a whole evening ; but few, if any, have succeeded to the degree that Miss Aitken does. Wonderfully does this gifted elocutionist enter into the spirit of the authors she reproduces, and succeed in giving the due weight and emphasis to Itheir finest passages. Neither the most delicate irony, the sublimest declamation, nor the most touching pathos suffer in her hands ; her bearers catch from her lips the true meaning of our finest writers, and hear the most thrilling passages delivered in a manner so natural and so forcible as to produce all the effect of impromptu oratory. Miss Aitken gave first a selection from Shakespeare with great effect. It was the scene between Hubert and Prince Arthur, in which the former discloses bis intention of burning out the eyes of the young prince. A recitation from Tennyson's 'Lady Clare' was delivered with much sweetness and sim plicity. One of Mrs. Caudle's lectures followed, full justice being done to the everlasting scold ing of the old housewife, and the meekness of her suffering spouse. Then followed 'The Bridge of Sighs,' recited with a pathos and feeling that drew tears from many of the audience. The 'Wonderful Wean,' with its drolleries, was given with a captivating arch ness, and would have been encored bad not the audience shown more reluctance than usual to tax the energies of their fair entertainer. An interlude followed, after which ' The May Queen' was beautifully read. South ey'i. description of the Well of St. Keyne was delightfully given. B irns's ' Cottar's Saturday Night ' was delivered in a style that displayed a genuine appreciation or love of the poetry of Scotland's truest and most giftel poet The Hon. the Attorney-General occupied the chair. Mr. R. B. White presided as usual at the piano. On Saturday Miss Aitken gave a fourth, and for the present, a concluding entertainment, at White's Rooms, on which occasion the prices of admission were reduced one-half. The room was again filled. Miss Aitken has established her fame in Adelaide as an elocutionist, so that it is unnecessary for us to sound her praises further. Her most effective pieces on Saturday evening wereL.E. L.'s 'Ruined Cottage' and Burns's thrilling address of Bruce to his soldiers, 'Scots wha hae.' In this latter recitation Miss Aitken fairly carried her audience away in the enthusi asm with which she gave it. Mr. R. B. White's musical accompaniment to the recitation was very clevery played. Before the entertainment closed Mr. Townsend, 5LP., who presided, announced that, as that hall was engaged for some time, Miss Aitkea would not resume her readings in Adelaide until May. She had, how ever, kindly consented to give an entertainment in the Lunatic Asylum during_ this week. This announcement was received with much applause. Miss Aitken will appear at Norwood on Tuesday, Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., in the chair. On Thursday evening, April 18, Miss Aitken gave an entertainment of select read ings to the inmates of the Lunatic Asylum. The proceedings commenced at half-past 7, in a long room of the establishment, prepared for the occasion by the arrangement of seats and an extempore platform of ample dimensions. The room was filled, about 120 inmate*, or about half the whole number, being present. The audience was throughout decorous and atten tive in the extreme, the main difference between them and an ordinary gathering being that the former were more quiet. Miss Aitken has appeared before the Adelaide public long enough to render any detailed description of her read ings superfluous ; but noue of her audiences derived more pleasure from her elocutionary performances than did the one of last night. The selection of pieces was very happy. Hibernians were in raptures with. ' Shamus O'Brien,' while ' Toung Lochiuvar' delighted the Scotch, who were in ecstacies also with that comic production, 'The Wonnerfu' Wean,'' given in response to an encore. Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lecture upon the occasion of her husband's party to the Prettyman's was a great success, and elicited immense laughter. Mr. Pounsett presided at the piano, and some gentlemen amateurs assisted with some excel lent songs, the company singing the ' Hunts man's Chorus ;' Mr. F. Mortimer, ' Mary of Argyle ;' Mr. C. P. Roscorla and company, 'Just before the Battle, Mother;' Mr. W. S. Dyer, 'Tell me, Mary, how woo thee ;' Mr. L. Jagop, 'The Friar;' Mr. Mortimer, 'Bird of the Wilderness ;' and Messrs. Mortimer and Jagoe, 'The Army and Navy.' Mr. A. J. Diamond performed a solo on the concertina with great taste and execution. The entertain ment, of which the only fault was its brevity, was then brought to a close with the National Anthem. At the conclusion of the proceedings a number of the female inmates came on the platform and shook hards with Miss Aitken, thanking her warmly for the pleasure she had afforded them. It is to be hoped that this will be but the beginning of a regular succession of entertainments of a similar character, that would do much to . relieve the unavoidable monotony of the lives of the poor inmates of the Asj lum. The conduct of Miss Aitken's audience was so calm and rational that a stranger entering the room would not have imagined himself among the insane. As it was there were some amusing misapprehensions, visitors being mistaken for lunatics, and a great deal of sentiment thrown away or misapplied. There was one harmless and amusing ebullition at the close of the enter tainment. A Scotch woman, amid much laughter, asserting that the whole thing was a scheme to make money. This, however, might in some colonists find its parallel in parUaiueu tary or municipal ' imputation of motives.1' A few people visited the Port on Good Friday, and enjoyed themselves fishing and boating ; otherwise Port Adelaide presented quite a Sunday-Eke appearance. Prominent among th.e amusements of Easter Monday, is the Catholic Young Men's Society's Picniq. As our Roman Catholic friends do these things thoroughly, in good taste, and on a liberal scale, we may safely predict a large gathering and a pleasant day's diversion. Miss Aitken, the elocutionist, will com mence her country tow on Tuesday next, when she will perform at Strathalbyn. and other places, as mentioned in the advertisement. This lady is really such an accomplished reader that we would urge our country friends not to miss the opportunity of hearing her. We regret t-t announce the sudden death, on Good Friday, of Mr. Samuel Hart, importer, of this city. It appears Mr. Hart was seized with an apopletic fit, about 7 o'clock, as he was about take his usual morning bath, and remained unconscious till about 10 a.m., when he died. Mr. Hart was an old and ener getic colonist, whose interests were thoroughly those of the. colony, and his untimely decease will be a source of grief to a wide circle of friends. It will be gratifying to many Ade laideans to find that Mr. and Mrs. George Case have paid us another visit ; and will give their first entertainment this evening, at White's Rooms. The programme for to-night will em brace an entirely new entertainment, which has been produced with the greatest success and the most marked approbation in the neighbor ing colonies. Remembering Bow Sirs. Case en chanted large audiences night aftei night a twelvemonth, ago, we think good houses may be relied upon for the few evenings she will devote to our amusement previous to her departure for India. The Primitive Methodist bazaar was reopened on Good Friday, at White's Room. The attendance was very large, and the ladies were very successful in selling the larger part of the goods which remained on hand. In the evening the room was very well filled and the sales were brisk. Many of the more expensive articles were disposed of by means of Art Unions. Chapman's band played in the evening, and added very much to tlieenjovment of all present. We understand that the bazaar will give a very gratifying result, but we are unable this morning to state the precise proceeds of the sales. Good Friday was observed as a general holiday by Adelaideau*. Nearly all the shops and business establishments were closed, but it was not an out-door holiday, people for the most part quietly enjoying home comforts. Ser vice was held in the various Episcopal churches in the city, and also at the Catholic Cathedral, and a large camp meeting was held by the 'Wesleyans at Enfield. Several Sunday-school treats and private parties or picnics were held on the occasion. The weather was really very delightful It was just warm enough to be agreeable, and the recent rains had dressed the landscape in its beautiful robe of green. The White Cloud, the new yacht buil by Mr. Michelmore, for Messrs. Magarey andt Bundey, having been fitted and ready for bal lasting, was launched on Thursday last. The dimensions have already been given, but it is due to the builder to congratulate him on turn ing out a very handsome craft. In mould and workmanship it leaves little to be desired, and if her sailing qualities are only equal to her appearance, she may be rated as one of the best boats made in the province. In outfit no expense has been spared ; she is finished altogether in a most superior manner. An eminent nautical authority at the Port has pronounced the White Cloud perfect. Easter Monday will be rather a busy holiday for pleasureseekers. The principal place of atnusemement 'will be the Sturt, where the Catholic Toung Men's Picnic is to he held In addition to this there is to be a picnic at Gawler on the grounds of the Hon. W. Duffield ; a pleasure-trip from Milang across the Lakes ; sports, &c;, at Glenelg ; races at Norwood ; several Sunday-school treats ; and the Archer street Sunday-school anniversary tea and public meetings. In the evening there will be the Theatre, and halls at the Hotel Europe aud elsewhere. With this list of amusements it will be wonderful if the citizens are unable to spend the day pleasantly. Attention was drawn a few days since to the fact that that as many as 200 or 300 gold fish had been caught by boys in the River Tor rens. We are assured too, that on Friday, boys were engaged in catching large numbers of these fish. It is really a pity that this should be allowed, and we hope steps will be taken to pre vent it. Surely if there are so many fish as the above circumstance would indicate, it would be wise to conserve and spare them rather than to allow them to be wastefully, if not wan tonly, destroyed. Perhaps the Park Lands Rangers as Conservator of the Torrens could take the matter into consideration. On Good Friday the annual festival in connection with the Freeman-htreet Sunday school was held at the Flagstaff, Sturt. The weather was delightfully cool and pleasant throughout the day. The party, numbering about 300, assembled at the Schoolroom, and were conveyed to the scene of the day's festivities in six of Hill & Co.'s spacious vans. The procession passed through some of the principal streets, aud after about an hour's ride they alighted, when the various games which were provided were entered into with great zeaL The party returned to the school room shortly before 6 o'clock, where they had tea, and afterwards dispersed -well pleased with the day's entertainment, and without having any accident to mar the day's pleasure. The benefits of the Torrens Dam are already beginning to show themselves. A per son standing on the City Bridge-road and look ing in the direction of the Gaol is now able to see a fine broad reach of water, which has been thrown back from the dam to the old ford ; and it certainly forms a most agreeable feature in the landscape. The dam will be carried higher, and will then throw the water back very much farther. When this is the case we think the citizens will not regret that they have spared a portion of their funds to achieve the desirable object of removing from them the reproach which attached to them for the slovenly appear ance of the river and its banks. On Friday evening we were shown a small photograph of the reach of water taken by Mr. Norman, an amateur, from the old Torrens Ford. The picture, though small, is clear in its details, and gives a very correct idea of the Torrens as it at present appears in this particular locality. The Wesleyans in connection with Archer-street Chapel held a camp meeting at Enfield on Good Friday. About 10 o'clock two large coaches of Cobb's and other vehicles left the Chapel, and proceeded along the Noith-road to Enfield. The ride was very enjoyable, for the weather was fine and inviting, and all things seemed bright and gladsome after the rains. A ride of about half an hour brought the party to Mr. C. Folland's beauti ful grounds, whete a large marquee had been erected. Here about 300 or 400 persons assem bled, and this number was greatly augmented by persons who continued to arrive until late in the afternoon. Addresses appropriate to the day and to the particular meeting were de livered by the Rev. Messrs. Watsford (Chair man of the Adelaide District), R. C. Flockhart, Knight, Simpson, J. J. Watsford, and Messrs. Goss, Dunn, Gillingham, and others. The addresses wdre characterised by much earnestness and eloquence. The afternoon was spent in praise and prayer, and the party re turned about 6 o'clock. A religious meeting was held at Archer-street Chapel in the evening. 