MR. MONTGOMERY AS MACBETH. Macbeth has been described as one of Mr Walter Montgomery's greatest triumphs iu tho mother country, and a large audience assem bled at the Royal, on Saturday night, to wit ness his performance of the character. Like the previous Slmksperion revivals of tho ma nagement, the play was carefully although not lavishly mounted, and tho appointments, mnsio and effects were reasonably, appropriate. Tho scenes of tho blastod heath and tho witches' cavern were highly creditable to tbe artist ; and tbo antechamber in Mncbeth's castle, leading to the bodrooms of Duncan, Malcolm and Donald bain and Macbeth, presented an effective set, and well arranged for the business of tho mur der. Locke's music was fully rendered, and tho effects introduced were, sums of them, novel and well-managed. The tumult following the murder of Duncan was wrought up with excellent vraisemblance, tho scuffling to and fro without, the tolling of tlie tocsin, and tho hurried entrance of tho roused sleepors from different quarters, producing the most com plete illusion. Mr Montgomery received a veiy flattering recognition on his first appearance, and certainly presented to the eyo a thorough embodiment of the ' guilty Thane.' His costume was most appropriate, and ho played throughout tho whole of the first act in such a manner as to maintain the character by his actions no less perfectly than by his looks. Tho resplendent salt of mail and Bcnrlet tunic which ho assumed 'iu tho later scenos struck us, however, as being less iu character than his first dress ; and, moreover, it continually excited reminiscences of King Richard, King John, and Othello, who havo appeared in sucli daz zling succession during the last week or two. Mr Montgomery's conception of Macbeth seems to striko a mean between tbe views of the cha racter taken by Mr Anderson and numerous others on tho one hand, nnd Mr C. Kean on .tbe other. He makes Lady Macbeth the master spirit up to the time of tho murder, and dis plays tho weakness and irresolution of Macbeth in tho strongest colors. After that period Macbeth takes tho reins into his own hands and pursues to the lust a career of headlong, blind desperation. Lady Macbeth then appears to fall away from their great purpose, and is represented as exhibiting frequent signs of re lenting and of remorse for what has ' already been accomplished. This is a difficult view for tho student to take, bnt actors liavo a love of paradox, and then- capacity for the discovery of new readings is inexhaustible. Mr Mont gomery's new readings are frequently clover, but one or two which he introduces in Macbeth are not happy. In the sceno where the witches show him the procession of Banqno's issue, the spectres are not apparent to tho audience, bnt are supposed to pns3 behind one of the wings, tlxe transit of each being notified by a flash of . red fire which causes Macbeth to draw back, more apparently from n fear of being singed than from a i-cilectiou upon liis disap pointed hopes. The banquetting scene, with the appearance of tlio Ghost of Banquo, was . nothing liko so effectively managed as wo have seen it very recently elsewhere. Mr Montgomery might have ventured hero upon the introduction of an impalpable ghost with more show of reason than appeared for the innovation just men tioned with respect to the ghosts of Banquo s descendants. One portion of the sceno ex cised the unmistakable risibility of tho audience. Just before- Banquo's' second appearance a goblet of liquor is filled for the king and be fore drinking it he turns to his guests, bnt seeing Banquo on tho instant, he drops tho cup, 'which rolls round the * stage perfectly empty and is picked up by a gentleman in the habit of a modern footman who rashes on from the wing for that purpose jnst as the scene is closing. Tho dagger scene was well given, and sufficient activity and earnestness wero displayed by Mr Montgomery throughout the stirring scenes at the latter end of tho play. He was called before tho curtain several times in tho coarse ef the evening, and tho audience were alLolong vehement in their applauso. Mr Vincent's Macbeth has prepared us to expect an excellent rendering of Macduff from him, and none of his admirers cau have been disap pointed on Saturday evening. The First Witch of Mr Lambert was appropriately venomous , and most artistically mado up ; and Mrs Wooldridge, as another of the trio, was a fitting counterpart in decrepitude. Mr Warde mado a very feeble Banquo, and thought proper besides to swathe his legs so that they looked uncommonly like those of a gouty subject. The part of Lady Macbeth is obviously beyond Miss Cleveland's range, hut she played it very carefully, and was warmly applauded. Miss Docy Stewart was a eharming little witch, and obtained a hearty ronnd for the performance of her share in one of the roundelays. The witches gene rally were a numerous and pictnresquo troop, and the choruses were fairly given. 