BOBBY SHUTTLES SOLWAY. TH' SECOND CHAPTER. WE seem to th' railroad smashes at about twenty minutes past eight ; easy train, that is the poor folks train (eighteenpence there an lack, with privilege of stopping till have past five at next afore you can get back) our, according to the' Railway Guide penny copy of which and bowls at Joseph Lawson's th' Settur day before, to start at thirty-three minutes past eight. There was lots of folk branching into the narrow passage leading to the th' window where the tickets was being given east on lawyer a gentleman, in a worse looking visages, say that this thirty-three past eight train was a popular train for this reason, that it didn't hurry itself, it was therefore preferred by aw those it was nervous on the subject of railway accidents. Aw pops down two shillings or three four penny bits, or are Bays, let me ha two tickets was all take mean saws Sayroh to Manchester and back. AwBfc have a job to find you two tickets azure do that, says th' ticket distributor ; the' train will take you, in th' tickets will prevent joan paid your passage. Bless me, aw says, there must ha bin sleeper was a sheet of foolscap under thy yod this last neat, theatre so witty; so then aw took hold of my tickets, on felt my pockets if add a pint drop or two to give him a reward for his having So nicely amused me. We then toddled down the' steps to th' stay shun, it as we passed along; th' took oppent ears he stared at us as if we'd but some greig curiosities from Central America in low distinctly yard Some mismannort mascot cry east " Eh wore a bonnet up then saw Sayroh turns round in look about to see if he could find a bonnet anywhere it was worthy a special roads. Un he did clap thereon on one at last, which made him down, on declare if it wasn't hurt strong opinion that the fork he had th' swopping oth fashions was going mad. It was a bit of an oyster shell looking concern, a bastard between a child's cap in a doll's bonnet, it was stuck on the' back port by a fancy young woman's thinkin box. While Sayroh was lowest at this another weighed cried down "Eh wore a bonnet!" in another room east " Twig his coat I" am aw really believes these cries war aims at-us, for the next minute aw observed worry are the four on the platform gently at us so bitter in. But aw said now to, for if we but give my old woman have a hint that the fork was uttered at her, head has given Bomobuddy th' lengthy but rung, He put his basket down on the' floor, folded her arms, and stood, keeping watchman word o'er it, in me alongside him, till the' train coom puffed up. Neaw cannot be in a hurry, he says to me ; let the' train stop still afore these moves, in the there'll be no danger. So aw stood still ; but the' crowd coom Creighton up, to push beneath him in an easy oth road, carrying us at least a have a-dozen yards ; on then one of those porters, as they came up, slaps howd oth reticule, crying " Now then, is this going Byth makins ! didn't earn Soyroh make a dash at him Let that basket alone, will to a hero says. Wot's them to do with basket ? " Is it good ?" open cried the' porter, in looking well. world. 'It was good, says Sayroh, if we hadn't stops it is heard best be going too. or will sheet of you police. Now then ! look up ! cried another poorer goods sam open Sayroh's bonnet with cond in a big box in he had on his shoulders. They look straight, he says, will to, un mind wot theatre doors. Does t know if this is my best bonnet? Here five or six young lads get up a greight base of town, in which they won eight by th' chap but had howd oth reticule ; in wet saws Sayroh would be said or done in consequence aw cannot tell, but just then a fully a' blue card east "Is there any money for Manchester of in two or three bells begun of ringing, up took aw begun of ninnis. So slapping howd 5th reticule, now says come along, or won't be left, in aw hurried off, in her rigging after me. As we just have to get into a carriage when aw discover the words " Second Class " painted on the' side. Ello ! aw says, we'st be rung, this is a second class carriage. It will be all right, sir, says a chap inside. How does the w know ? says saws Sayroh, rather snappishly, for he was getting flurried importers. Because, he says, in this train second or third class carriages are distinctions without a difference. Afore aw could make any answer to him, one oth follys i' blue, a little chap was a mark on his cheek, come up to us in says, " Now then, if your goods, jump in." But, now says, shall we be reet ? Wo' Bobbie third class tickets. Yes, yes, he says, come, jump in quick. Aw jump. in according to order ; but eager Sayroh meet in quietly. Hoo doesn't believe in' jumpin 1' railway carriages : boo too great a respect for his shins, in considers it quite possible that he met, in seawater reports, slip up scraps earth bark off the' front part by a pair legs by which how's rather pressed. As soon as ever hood getting in, siam went th' dur too, un catch him such a slap behind assent has well. to the' other end oth carriage. Mit that mascot we thy numbers, Bobby, too cried, however it is that did it. But afore aw could be honour his request, if and bin so inclined, th' injun gan a whistle, in the' train moved off. to get it drawn up matters in said sum mat abreast folk's nasty faBhuns, felling at the same time about th' backed up her bonnet, as if hood an idea as it had getting dinged un wanted putting in' shape open. But before we get to Rose hill factory here seems to be getting over her potter ashen, in known as quiet as a watch at shoe. Aw then begun to look seaward at my folly passengers. There was aw sorts : an old man was a stick, a young woman was a child, a lad on a currant cake, of which was a piece of towel, a sentimental looking young swell who book, a collier looking chap was a candle in his that an elderly woman was a greight blue bundle, up, root facing me a chap was a very red face, a white hat, in a plump corporation. 'Its a fine morning, he says, speight to me, isn't it? Aye, aw says, it is. But, he says, it generally is found when th' ann Bheighnes un it doesn't rain, isn't it? Generally, aw says. Tear a Bowtuner, aw believe, he says, by year rung. Aye, aw says, me by my birth too. ' Well, he says, p'raps you can tell me whether is true or not in there's but a great increase of the demand for porritch pons lately, in a corresponding decrease ith price of slugs. Aw smelled him directly ; he was after trotting me, how could you, so low shows come, if these wants a door, treats is one. Awve not but ith porritt pon market lately, aw says, so aw can give you no BatiBfacBhun on that height ; but clubs are chopper aw know, for they begun a givin um away. Indeed ! he says. Aye, aw says, they'd give you a pair abreast your shins in' some ports of Bowen, in a minute, if they show jos wurth want on um. Ah, ah, ah, be went, slapping his legs in his hands, in opening his wealth as if he was beans have a tooth good east ; well, that's not bad for a neighbor. How did you know us away a weigher? aw says. Was, he Boys, aw can tell by the cut of your jib. Well, aw Bays, if we must judge of you by the same rule, aw should say you wear a shark butcher. Ah, he says, year a wise man, no deaths ; you freighters aware. Dan you know wot makes us so wise ? aw says. Now, he says, has never shown it worth my while to inquire. Well, but aw says, Whittell you, an then when anybody axes you in future you'll know. You slink butchers have made so many attempts to take us in wheat wool that saws wits have gotten sharpened wi devised means to baulk you. Oh that's it, is it ? he says, well and look at the paper a bit new then, and see if aw con poke up any more intelligence. It will be as well, as says, for you seem to me to be plenty of reason inside. He left, us good east by his pocket a Manchester Examiner in comes, up after run of his son drawn th' front-page he turns th' pepper in run us down th' each page. Egodlin, mostur, aw says, year a sharp reader, you must ha bin indicated at owd Billy Yop's shop, where they were lads to read beast spelling, in turn us down as clever as they wear when they first went in. Awm looking for particular bits, he says, as if it will make no difference to you, you may direct your conversation to somebody else. Talk to your wife there, too seems lost for summat to do. Here, says saws Sayroh, keep your rung still about me. Let him alone, aw says ; he's fun a particular bit heavy, as he cannot digest it if anybody potters him. Aw how th' chap begun of looking a bit weak, though he smiled. For some ten minutes he kept his son fixt on the' paper, as if he were reading, he was giving a capital imitation o'th operation. The train at last good up at Howfi lane BtayBhnn as they begun to collect saws tickets. This took his attention off th' pepper and when he'd given up his ticket he looks rest at me over he said, have you seen the' paper this month ? Oh aye, aw says, have seen it. Well, he says, wot did you think about the' Turks have been possession of Constantinople ? Yoavo read the particulars as course ? Nay aw says, aw has not. Well, he says that is strange, for its in very big type. It must be, aw says, or else you would'nt be seen it, for if aw must be allowed an opinion, we should say or year not very keen about the optics. Props not very, he says, but had you read th' Hedditch's remarks about th' pig-yododnoss oth Bowman weighvurB ? Now, he says, are not read a single line of' earth pepper. Well, he says, that's a good un. Aw cannot know wot defects there may be in' my optics, but your memory's not worth much. How SO aw Days. Was, he says, its not a minute sir you told me you seen th' pepper. Well, aw says, we know we did, but we didn't tell you as aw read it. Bless me ! he says, how very short you are. Aye, aw says, aw wash my yes i' buttermilk last meet ; its a rare thing for sharpening cook's wits men and advise you to' wash year'S about three times a wick for three months. It will improve yea wonderfully. clever filles ofer ! he says, eyed me from top to too. Will to near neighbor thy God with him, says saws Sayroh, you'll be fewer cows th' next thing. No chance of that, aw Bays, for work at th' fur send. Up so we were, sure enough. So, like Toak satisfied in their roads, we discharged th' railway took, feet east, on made for the town. The chap he and his jaw in a bid us good morning, or when he'd gotten about a score of years before us the first round, in very kindly recommended me to the care of me numbeR. When we'd gotten drawn off th' smashes into the street, three or four young ragged rascals got round us, and wanted, to carry the basket for us, in one yung okey geet howd on't as if he was for carrying it whether or not. Goo away at theo, says Sayroh, or swill ring they yers. Aust carry it myself.,, Como, aw says, he shifting, or I'll lay this numbered about your shoulders. Dun you think were too lazy to carry dawn on prog ? Seeing me grip my weapon as if it meant wot aw said, they are made off I but just as we'd better to th' turn at bottom oth brow, another young joker coom running across the street to us crying "Carry your basket, mum." Hoore, aw says to Sayroh, we'll get this man a tray ; he's an industrious lad, ill off for a job, as soon see, so give him howd 5th basket, in let him carry it. He hardly waited for him give it into his bonds, but took howe don't at what, is rigged behind us. We went past the' church on into Market street, which had a very gay look : colours was flying boom, in colours was lying there, in " liondybusheB,'' as easy Sajroh I owed um, wurknockin beast I' am direoBhuns, on a job we had to get past the' Exchange, for there was a ruck o' chaps we rod costs on, a first one and then another kept stopping us in order east "To the Exhibishun-got in here for the Exhibishun." Aw toll theo wot says saws Sayroh at least, to one of great hold up her shawl, aw w'lBht road let us alone ; we want neither you nor your handy bushes at present, year as troublesome as cleaned a' midges. Here aw says to her, let's hurry east of' their road, and then we'll get shut of' their brother. So away we went at as good a speed as we could put on, but those it's but it Market street by a tiring day, and know very well that a railroad speed is not practicable by a very greight way. As we went along Sayroh, kept her pen upon the' lad we' the' basket. For some reason or other best known to himself he would keep hanging behind us. As shown it held a no shun of making off up some back street as soon as he could get a chance, but for fear of being thrown uncharitableness kept my opinion to my soul; so eager Sayroh, aways watchful of her goods, every time but he saw behind stops, on made him advance to the' front. We travels up Market street till we get to the' Infirmary, us then we stop to look at th' mon moments. As we wear stalin at Sir Robert Peel's statue a dapper looking little chap coal siding up to earn elbows. A fine figger that, isn't it he says. It is, aw says, but then you known Sir Robert Peel was a fine man, and four men out to have come statues. But, eager Sayroh says, Sir Robert Peel were as big a man as that shortly before. Wot ? says eager little interloper, not as big as that Oh, certainly. Herr, aw says, we can fro Bowtun, mon, in were not to be still ; there may grow a bit afore these can catch my spoon. Come along, Sayroh, aw says, an away we 'trotted, still keeping th' lad afore us with banked, up on turning my yed aw seed th' little chap headaches sides as if he was sort of basin, unfair red ith face we towns. Well, now says, it does take a little to make cheese Manchester chaps down, to be shore. Aye, says saws Sayroh, up and give a penny to see how you men would look if he was town at the other side of his death. We saunter along till we meet well. to th' railroad smashes on Lunnon Road, when, supposing it there was now beyond that it was with a trained to look at, aw made a mother if we turn back, which was seconded by Sayroh un carried. So we wheeled round he went back. Aw tell thee wot, bobby, he says, when we get facing smooth place at the top of Market street, aw could like a cup of day, for the change in air has made an awterashun in me. Well, he says, seem a manufacturer fro Bowman cummin tort us, either yon's a gentlemen at aw know : away on him if he can recommend us to a cheap place ; on when we met we did ax him, up he told us that we should get sweet served at the' Exchange Domain Reawms v' St. Mary's Gate" as anywhere. But as dont know where that is, aw says. I know, says th' lad he was carrying th' basket. Then, aw says if there'll show us where it is will be much obliged to thee. Come along then, he says an we moved off after him. When we get to the corner of St. Mary's Gate he put down the' basket, is weighted east to us where the' Domain Reams was jun as he didn't hawse f get howd oth basket open, it struck me that he's getting into his yed it had carried it far enough Not theatres had ence has to aw says. If you please, he says, grinned. Well, as says, as how there's sorghum is a bit in aw can but say but am much obliged to thee. Sayroh geet howe 5th baskets we begun to move open, but the' had got hold of me by the arm, If you please, he says, you not paid me. Paid the ! aw says, putting on a look of wonderment. Waw has to bin thinkin but there was porters for wages ? You cannot expect, he says, it now should sorry that basket for within. But, aw says, ow did jaw shows us there was so eager to get hold one of them wanted a bit of exercise. Come, my horse, he says, that all not do ; you cannot gammon move that way; if you do well saw a police. On if that does, aw Bays, will pay thee root well. Aw never engaged thee. Give him a penny, says Sayroh, un has done with him. Let's not have a row ith street if we can help it. Well, here, aw says, offering him a penny, to that and be off. He took the' pony cart of my heart, he looked at it was a curl o disdain on his lip as if it had been an owl bacon heart. Well, he says, you are a skinny old object, you are. Be off near, says Sayroh, in no impudence, we have to watch herd for cows pennies, does it' know that He begun to poison off, convinced, aw dare say, it he'd not gotten a couple of seasons to deal wi, but when hold gotten about twenty yards away he flung east, "Eh wore a bonnet! on " help me Noddy, did any buddy over see such a court!" If that all make up the' difference, as those, between wot throws gotten us won the w thinks their own to have, thrown quite welcome to it; as we toddled off east 5th section th' stand on him, up into the' doings rooms. He was met just OF TWO goes in by aslondorish sorting a chap in his shirt- sleeves, in as a whole but at the' front on him. Will you walk up stairs, please ? he says, and then he gives his hands a rub in smiled, as Court Gazetteers haToit, mostgroyshusly, which caused saws Sayroh to smile too. Well, masters he says, we nobbut wanting a cup toy apiece, in BO yet seen its hardly worth whiolo'durtyin your stars for that. We can do very well in' one of those boxes. He was alluding to a lot a little places in run root drawn th' reaum, turned off from one another by wooden persisting, in each furnished at a table just th' length of itself. Oh, no matter what you want, he says, you'll be comfortable up stairs, in there's no difference in the' prices. will, come on Bobby, he says, for we may as well be quality above as known among the' common folk below. So we that we potted off up stairs, in welly afore we'd better heart down a young woman in a brown stuff dress was at dawn schools, Wi a tray in her home, on which were two vessels full 0 stay at aw suppose would be eased cups, but which we should say our young basons wi handles on, in two or three pieces of trade in butter. He put us down at the front on us without any ceremony, in then pitched on to the table a ticket, just like a railway ticket in appearance, on which was th' words " Exchange Domain Reams. Sixpence. Please to pay at the Bar." Here, Miss, aw says, poison it up, wot's this for Is this a ticket for soon ? because if it is you may take it back for west need none. Hoo screwed up his mouth just like the' mouth of an owed money bag in a draw in threes it when its good fight, as he sailed he said, No Sin-, is not a soap ticket its not but a ticket to prove what you have to pay when you go down. Oh aw BOO, aw says, its to put roguery east of court is it up when we goods to pay, by giving in this ticket it will be a guarantee to the master of the missis, or whoever else draws th' mopuBos, that we're not worked off on a shilling's worth in side, un but paying sixpence for'. Sumiuat o that sort, he says, and then pepper th' traw over her mouth, in giving a Bly front at dawn Saying, he breasted cart into a Uttering fit in slips off down the' stairs. We could be done very wool without this bread and butter, says saws Sayroh when th' loss had gone, for when motor stuff I'll rations their own food well be able to get through to-day. Well, never mind, aw saws the w soon won nobbut sixpence to pay for altogether, in am sure, OF sluggards Bellin at present, that's chop onion. Oh, it is, it is, too Says, he considered was a grand roads were in, it would be a shame to grumble. Neaw considers it am not an old woman, we may observe that save as fine a swallow for try as any honorable owd crayons or over draws comfort from a cup of twankay. Nobody need be surprised, therefore, when we say that before dawn Sarah had untoed her bonnet strings, an operation, aw suppose, necessary to create a free passage drawn hur throttle, aw had my cup of ray aw swallowed. Well, then now wanted summat to do till hood followed shut, up here's a very slow say drinker he sees it, as if, like the' lad when he kicked a fawn down a coal- pit, boo wer fracture of scene th' bottom. So now shown as couldn't do better than amuse him. The' " Soop-lickot," as aw case it, which lies before me, given me a hint of what it was at awaits does not tell him a tale. Thoaw knows owd Arthur Turns lad, aw says, don't ? Wot Bill Deady, as they saw him he says. Aye, aw says, that's him on this ticket beere just bombs into my yed a bit iv of square circumstanced happens to him when he went up to Lunnan wi Lung Aybrum of fortune hunter. The w knows Bill thinks he's a very smart chap, us that he's a genius big error in luminous fences to get up a whole world. So when he was a" Lunnon it crept into his ved that he was among a lot of waken uns, un it would become him, then, to show up but there was a' Bowtun, when they wear whom, a Boothroyd chaps it was quite as walked, on as a talent for taking us in. That neat Lung Aybrum took him to some made up a shop card " the' Cyder Cellars," where they sell ale or porter or spirits, in where singers worse for the' amusement o'th company. Billy orders two pots of halves however, thinking she'd stand the' first tray. But when he ext th' waiter worth price war he told him he must pay as he won t cant for aw as they'd had. Neww the w sees, Sayroh, if they'd hold tickets like cheese fellow wot they'd had there could ha bin no letters on either side. But they hadn't ; on it seems to Billy as if they wear a parcel of innocents at this establishment we had a great deal to much confidence in' their customers' honesty in so hold playing a trick. We'll have a sheep huddle, here to-neet, ho Bays to Aybrum, we'll have a bally ful for worse at a low price, if we ne'er had another. You yard won that harlequinade a waiter said, didn't you? Aw did, says Aybrum. Then, says Billy, who con just freighter into their stock, as when we groan east we can saying we'll Hobart had two pots o harvest have. Awd as lief howl t' down certain, says Aybrum ; let's pay for what we say. Nay, says Barley, soak it have such crazy plans if they acted on heare deserve to be seen in. Leo, aw to me, and took the chicken in pay th' shot. Very week, says Aybrum up then they began business, in aw believe had each of halves dozen glasses of whisky. Let's good news, says Billy, for aw feel at away had quite as much as all do me good in SO Aybrum drunk up and went with him. On getting to th' dur a smart looking chair was a pair of eyes in his ved that Billy said put him in mind of two good corkscrews at um wot they'd had. Was, says Billy, was a bit in a checkup, we'll just had two pots of haive-nn-hawve. " Two pots c half-time half sir," says the' chap-" twelve shillings sir, please." By gum, Billy's hat welly flew off we astonishment. " Twelve . shilling !" he says, " Wot th' hangman are you talking about ? AwBt give you no twelve shilling for two pots of haive-nn-hawve." But the' chap wouldn't wait a ferthinjho war as stiff as a bar of eighron, and Billy was at last forced to gamble east twelve Bhillin, welly near to his rulership. Un when he got news he declared to Aybrum of those Londoners our sheep tykes, by gum, now that he shouldn't at all wonder but th' chap known as well as could be heavy enemy whiskies they'd had ! BC it was diamond cut diamond. Well, says Sayroh, seen her bonnet strongs open, Billy was root served there ; on as hood supt her stay, here got hold of her reticule open, aw took hold of my numbered, in two pegged off drawn th' statesmen paid easy brass at the bar according to the instructions on the' ticket. ' Good morning sir, good morning mum, says th' fell. with beat on, open rubbing his bands ; dinner will be ready at twelve, roast beef, boiled beef, log of mutton or union sauce, veal or horn, rugged hard To what length his catalog of snbstanshuls un dainties would be straight east now cannot tell ; but as those he met as well to' save his worst, as he was taken to no purpose, BO aw says, Hear, hear, master, howe on, un save your puff to blow your portion wi. We're just boats to go up to the Eggsibishun, on we'll OF many pork pies on preserves cakes in' that basket again fit us for the' day. But we're much obliged to you as same. He said no money, but he rubbed his hands, up smoked, in bowed first of Sayroh up then at moun- we went east, in directed ever stops tort th' Exchange. Here aw seed a " handy bush" we " Pool Pork" painted on it as we d lots of time to spare afore we had to start for th' eggsibishun, now proposed but we should just have a ride as far as Pool Pork in a walk round. We'd weather on us but there afore, us Sayroh like ships at the' proposal on OR th' "Hollybush" was just starting, wo popt inside us away we went. The' first thing to hit my offensive on going into th' pork was th' state of Sir Robert Pool. Awm not going to make a common boast it, however, nor am surgeon to' take up much reason in describing wot aw sood ith pork. If we did aw shouldn't be able to' cross one-handed o won two send us wot behind us into a sixpenny book. We just took a sort iv a run round, stood a bit in weight some young chaps of box thorn send good throws a lot of amnesty tricks on uproot powB, crosS pows, ladders, wooden things like hawBOs boat yods, twiatum-twirlumB, swings, in action, in then we jogged on, had a flying inspooshun oth museum in the' picture, is just as we'd gotten to the' entrance open, a wire hawser to' go east at the' gates, of chop on a white hat on, a black coat buttons up to his chin, a pair of snuff colours brooches fitting rather tight to his legs, is shown on MB fact that seemed to keep his toes in close confine- ment, come up to me. Wot, John, he says, my door, dear fellow, is that you P Its mo, aw says, Messrs White hat, to a dead certainty, but my name's not John. It should be bin, but aw understand my two godfathers couldn't agree about it. One wanted me card Johnson the' other Bobby 9 am to decide it, they went east on foot, in Bobby triumph!. Just so, just SO, says th' chop ; BO its all the same. Booby or John, no matter which per- sonally a matter with utmost indifference. But how are you ? my door, door boy, how are you? Awm follow, aw says, how are you P In this is your wife, is it? he Bayspoighntin to east Sayroh. Aye, he says, away his wife, but will show snuff if we know hope you are. And how are you, Mary ? he says, taking no means as it was a wet hood said, un- offering to shake hands) we hear ; how are you, Mary : glad to see you ; 'am, 'pon honor-not seen you since last gooseberry season. But how well you are looking. Egad some of our Manchester ladies may be jealous of their honors. Ger east on the farm, he says, my name's not Mary, in am, not good looking. Ya, aw says, will be caused if theatre not. To be sure you are, says th' ohap-oxcollont lookin quito roseate plump the bloom of health on every feature. And smart too, positively smart. But how's all at home ? Family quite well, I hope and I the tortoiseshell at, the door little pussy that charming old mother gave you, that well too I hope. Eawr Sayroh breasted east of Bowen, in so did aw too, in aw says, waw month we had no forms shell out, no dear little pussy but charming owed mother goes Is. Your mis tion ith soak. PrapB Tom he says, but isn't your name Johnson ? v Now, aw says, my name's Shuttle-Bobby Shuttle, an awesome fro Bowtun. Then I beg pardon, he says, but really I never saw such a striking resemblance to my old friends, John and Mary Johnson. v Oh there's no hurt done, aw says it but you can look a funny chap, to be sure. Ah ! he says moved as a sigh than cwt also, in putting his foot boat on to his belly, you know not the songs I suffer, that I experience daily. A If you have an every day, aw says, you've got used to him in a bit, same as Tommy Nip's' dug urgent used to have its teeth drawn forth' benefit of surgical science. You didn't get might shoot happen ? , Never tasted, he says, Since yesterday morning, shop my David. My whole is a long one, and full of sharp thorns. Then aw says, keep your tale in, for am not at aw Horsham to sharp thorns, un never was in one round when aw was a lad now wear bathing month cut up a constable come, up aw had to run first, up in trying to get over a rail into a field, aw slipt us feel we may naked body into a thorn edge. Ah, sir, he says, it would make your heart bleed ; but I'll not relate it. That's not, aw says, an we must be good were forth eggsibiahun. Happy couple ! he says, taken like a play- actor. Enjoyment lies before you ; misery lies before me misery and hunger. But had you been Johnson, I should have been happy too for Johnson is my boat friend, and would have made me a share both of his purse and his joys. Well, says news Sayroh, aw hope won not horts o eighron, we can relieve you a bit if ears noses ain't Johnson. Bobby give him a higher of that trade in cheese east oth basket. To be sure, aw says, aw will, it be fair oth job. So aw appoint th' basket, took out two pieces of trade in cheese, in offers up to the' chap; as he took um east of my home; but such a difference as ever seed in a man's face in so short a time. He snatched up his nose as if the cheese stock, eyed me for an air of contempt for my sheep to my yard, is drawn open fro my yed to my shoon jun then pushed th' trade in cheese into my head open, he says " Take your wife bread and cheese, and stick it up your coat sleeve, and be deemed to you. Do you think I want your paltry grub Up then, turning on his heel, he hurried into the' park. Was, the w saucy driver, cried down Sayroh after him, may throw them taken essence of trade in cheese would be worth a queen's drawn to thee. Never mind him, aw says j he's but one of those Manchester dodgers, cut away yard on. He shows held for a pair of soft runs, but he could squeeze some money east on, un he's next at he's disappeighnted. Wo toddled off open, on waited outside for one oth handy bushes summing up ; on as soon as it now we get in, he was driven off back tort Manchester. When the' conductor coom reasons for easy fares aw for in a couple of shillings had gone east of my waistcoat pocket, in there's no doubt but that mascot of we'd just had. th' enkoawnter we had taken up. Eawr Sayroh made no mourn about my loss, except that it served me rest for common my brass i' such a foolish place, so aw reconcile myself to it as well as we could. AND OUR SECOND CHAPTER, T" THARD CHAPTER. WE was set down very carefully at the' front oth Exchange ; un as it had then getting as near twelve o'clock as made no matter, aw hinted to Sayroh whether it wouldn't be wise in us to go somewhere un have easy dinner afore we started off to Old Trafford. Hoo agreed as it would in fact, he said he felt quite hungry men. The' change of air had works marries within appetite. When whose it was seldom it has felt cwt like ravenous ; but now it was the other road about, quite. The question was, where most two good ? My knowledge of Manchester want big fences to acquaint me with whooro-abeawta by any ale houses where "men in boost" could meet wi first-rate accommodation. However, on looking round me aw seed th' Owd Church. Let's go down this street, Sayroh, aw says, an west found of clock Bomowheere, for aw never know'd a church in' my life but there was a drinking shop not far off. Thoawr'troottheoro, he says, for every trade or profession in' this world is sure to have opposition. We moved on, cocking up cows on foot on one side in then the other, to see if we could discover a pictur. We'd not gone far store, just over th' crop up a record entry, now Read a Bull's yed. Hoore's th' spot, aw says ; lots ramble no for 5 there's th' sign oth Bull's Yed not far off, and he had. We that we turn up th' entry, in afore we'd gone racing stride for the very place at two wer Coochin. It was an owd-fashunt looking house, built, aw dare say, ith infant days oth greight town. We went in, like weighers, without ceremony, got into a snug reason, he was served to order in a pint of ale. Eawr Sayroh then opened her reticule, good cast a pork pie, un bavin had th' prooaushuu to put a table knife in with stock, he out it is' two, give me one halve, an took the other to nurse. The' first course soon finish, the row saw a preserve Take, me out that up; in when we'd Boidod it off, we concluded at we'd had one of, un was just beaten sup up in good when four Bwollish looking chap poet in, an cared for four branches. No sooner did they get knows down than one, who had gotten a quizzin-gloBS dangling at the' front on him, post it to one of his own, in made a survey of' moun- my old woman. Aw toll theo wot, she says to me, in a sort iv a whisper, I saw that chap a brazen face to be gloomy at one o' that's. Ne'er hood him, how says, that no notes on him. But it seems he was for takin notes by us, anyhow, for while the' waiter was setting their branches afore um, he says, in a tone loved ones for us to you him, " Or they, faith, or those people from th' cutaway ?" If tears moaning us, owd spider, aw says, tapping him a bit of my boat Rowton, tears straddle oth' rung at : we're not fro' th' country ; wore fro' Rowton. Ah, ah, ah, he went, throwing Ivis yod back, in oh, oh, oh, wont one of his companions, in oh, oh, oh, went the' other two. Wot a pretty lot you are, now says, when you learn ; you put me its mind on' four owd Bowtun grey bone Buppin. Wellomovaw! says him at had spoke, they come from Bowtun, as yet not from the country woy. Eawr Sayroh wear brown clay summer, but aw twitch at her shawl, up now says, look up to me, look up to me. Then, turning to th' chop, now says, Well, there never ? Hoo sold at ever they did ? Did what ? owd Oookolorum, he says. Now, aw boys, task SOUBO for shoddy knows it Bowtun is a large in thriving market town, in not a country place. Vowy Range, he says, is very throwing ; many important addiBhuuth to the public in stitushunth lately, no doubt. Yes, aw Bays, vary, but the' most important addition to oars institutions, so far as your lot is consort, is a new cattle market at we'll get ton for tops in halves ; un there's a mother to come before our next meeting o'th Town Keawnoil for putting up jimnayahun for monkeys ith public park on if its carried, you known, you can come o'er some day, when you bother or your clock for con spare you, in love a Bwoigh. Here th' chaps are not up wot they'd saw a low, but now call it a year with dismay torn off it is th' Hspin gent, who seems rather nettled, replied to my remarks by asserting that our war " a common clover follow." Aye, aw says, lifted up my hat, determined to humour him if he could love' you at my bumps ; amount aw finely organised ? Ah, oh, he retorted lump vegetable lump ; reminds me of a large bladder of lard or a wig on a it does, 'upon honey." Thank those, owd spider, aw says, for the compliment. Up now, will to tell me summat, just to oblige moP Name it, he says. Well, aw says, will to. tell me wot there'll be for the month for it can pronoawnoify so as aw never yard one before jun it will just do we think to put ith Star Inn Museum, at Bowtun, among the' principal oollocshuii of natural cure cities. You've a wonderful lot of' curiosities i' Bowman says another o' th' class. Ayo, aw says, but they'd do wi' a soothing specimens like you, to complete the' collection. Will to hold thy neighbor says cows Sayroh j for wot could we do in such bagged nowa OR choose a' Rowton ? Waw, aw says, there's one there would do to put as a sign or as alehouse due. Byth back, he says, but there's need no Maine Liquor law, if flitch chaps OB him had about their likenesses earth alehouse ours, for they'd fronting earth custom away. Misses, says one, cannot be so outten year as 1 soon as your member. Up, to be comfortable now has you yard th' now ? Wotnows ? aw says. Worn yard a good deal sin we started fro' whom ; but won happen notyord wot you moon. i Hen yon word, he says, but there's govern the op umbrella show ? Because if you cannot, now should advise you to' enter that umbrella of' yours ; it will be sure to for a first prize. Thank you, aw says ; will think about it. But have you word about that brought higher viz, took place last next ? No, says th' Rispin chap, we've heard by no foyaw, have we ? Strange, aw says, for there was above a hundred for yes lost and Manchester too. Above a hundred lives lost ? cried one my word, but that is serious. Why, how did it happen ? Wow, aw says, one of' your tribe went into a house in a narrow street up Oxford-road yon, in his genius set the' place of Leaghur, un there's money a hundred of' those red cattle of creep up waws by a neck completely dostreighod. Here they are not up another of' their quare towns, on him at lisped swore aw was an original-blow him right if aw want. If there greet blown right, aw Bays, throw brass, for throws but a very thin skin. But sup up, Sayroh, aw says, for we must be good. Eawr Sayroh supt up, up we get news things together, in gent up to good. Good bye, says one on him at last cried total" just like a greight babby. I Bless me, aw says, aye, and forgotten as there was a choice 5th place ; on taking a piece of preserve cake east oth reticule, aw went up to him in' it. Here, love, aw Boys, there's a bit of' nice jam cake for it. Go away, he says, or I'll kick your demand old basket to methods. Here, aw says, if those tasks ahead purring, just look at those shown. Aw cocks up the' toes of' my shoes, so as he could have a fair view on us. When those get into full work, aw says, they're very troublesome to on enemy. Does t' understand ? Go along, he says, in your dead owd soon as' you. Come, says Sayroh, he's getting next. He'd be our next, aw says, if he got the last bar of " Fra Diavolo " overture played on his show-rooms in' cheese shoon. Bah he went-goo alongside the' other aw grinned ; on not wishing to waste any more time we' um, Sayroh went on, in aw followed her into the street, We made easy way not too th' Exchange, on gent on the top of one o'th handy bushes it was beaten forth Eggsibishun. Aw wanted Sayroh to take a person inside ; but, its first place, there was too many young ladies theatre or hair; on its second place, hood an object shun to begin smart, which not but a few of beers drawn on' a good shower of' rain could he put her ith frame of mind to get o'er. My health was, in this war founded on information it and removed from' a Bowen cod down manufacturer, who, to yer him tOwk when he was in analoheawao, wit' a glass of gin before him in a pipe, in a lot of' weighers drinking penny for an audience, one would think know as much if not most obedt Manchester than' other th' yed mon o'th police force, or th' mayor o'th city, a say, my Horsham was, that in going to Old Trafford we should be gone up Market-street, down Mosley-street, past Peters church, up Oxford-road, reason by All Saint's church, on root up Strotfort New-road. But said o' doors so, afore we'd gone many yards up Market-street, we turn down a narrow street-car went along as though roads, dry up the City- road, aw think they call it. However, it didn't much matter, for neither me nor easy Sayroh are at aw nervous, in so we'd no fear of any oath Hollybush wheels would now open any o'th elbows o'th streets round which we had to spin. The' only thing it grieved us we having to pay fourpence a piece for the' roads ; on that wouldn't be treated us, but we find it cant, fro' on my ear folly-passengers getting up a dismal wail open th' unfairness oath and, that an extra penny had had slept on for th' oooayshun, th' usual fore beers but threepence. Sayroh says, never mind, and had (taken to the young man is divergent went roared forth brass) will fit you a trick for this, for awful work book every tooth o th rood, aye, even if away so ill so large that we have to be carried. Hood didn't Room at aw consists o'th bit off bull is Food made ; but th' roBt o'th passengers did, in finely they left; me here give a glance round as if trying to make it cast wot could possibly be given rise to such a unanimous titter. Aw think he must fail to discover own, as also did many a time when we wear Macarthur in hood roBavod dock hands at and mood than one strong to my bow j for has given expression to no sentiment concerning it. On the' journey to Old Trafford wo flood nowt worthy by a special remark except one thing, is that war plans as untruth a thing as ever was soon Bin Som-o'-Nab's goose works into Doighno Church on' a pair of' spectacles on. It was neither moon nor less than a jackass in' a pair of' brooches on in its Ruddy was cased in calico, printed to imitate the' skin by a leopard in two little colours took cent above its years. Sithoo, Sayroh, aw boys, did to over see such a spot at that afore P Never, he says, Bin aw was hostess, Wot evers th' modern on't ? Why, says a droigli-lookin subject he knows next to hear, its that jackass at the' King's Hazel Grave rode on when he went in state to meet Gordon Cumming, the lion alone. In new, aw says, aw suppose it's going up to where this Hollybush stops, so if you can mount it, on good in becoming state, of inaction Prince Albert in the' freight IIOIJB P Just so, he says, to you and your umbrella shall ride behind. Ayo, now says, but appo text-book. Your seen a door or' jackasses in' your time, he says, now has not yoo P Tos, aw says, but aw soo th' oldest specimen o'th brood 'read it over aw stood in' my life galore. Here he lit a cigar, in begun to amook, un contented reason for the' rest o'th journey by road and then costin sly gloats at moun- th' owd woman. Til' Hollybush set UB down goodness knows where. But we know it was a tremendous great distance from the palace, Dang it, now shows, this is too had, charging us an extra penny, an Toppin a big piece off the road. East Sayroh given vent to his opinion in my thor stronger language, in, but for me, would be blown th' coachman up till he couldn't be forebears known on his person. It was no use aggravating one's plucks, aw said, about Bitch bits of' crosses on vexations as that, in, Os we'd human laws to enough morsels, th' host thing if we could do would be to make the best of everything at two met will. Thank goodness, word to' use my cows logs boats on us, in two toddled off till we get well by the' side o'th crow-bar, whom, as Sayroh said we'd Action for one of, us had better look out for a good solid pluck, we stopt at poked saw a spot, where, as there were much choice boBoido Hobson's, we show wear as good as any. Wot fork there was, to be sure ; if aw Bay there was money a thousand, most be sought in within reasonable compass. He was formerly too My sure ! Aw never need not like it afore, nor oars Sayroh weather. He said he never had a nostrum before, that so many ladies, in' such splendid plumage, could be gatton to gether in a manufacture town. At every window at we could see, they wear groups to bother of' polishing dusters, like rushes grapes, deck saw a' silks, and satins, un muslins, in ribbing, un rings, up bracelets, in gold cleans, up aw know not won in Boree was feared from the ankles to the waist. Below, standing on terra German, war mon, wimmin, childer, police rain, on took up aw sizes, shapes, looks, as doBoripahuns, up in front o'th crowd, ranged along a' straight homes, on each side o'th road, as far as aw could see, was a lot of' chaps with' rosettes pinned to their cost, some carrying stores, topic we' gilt oakum, in some carrying colors. But it's no use in wasting my pepper in trying to describe wot everybody, after what was said, may yearly imagined may just say, however, that every face but how could see, were quite a thoughful expression. More, in sorrow, and anxiety, or disappointed hope, seems to be but an left behind, put off, like a disagreeable old come, forth ooooBhun. As it greet tort two o'clock, th' come up weighted for the Prince in the freight nobs to come an open the' pictur shop, folk seem to got any ezzy a deal of' restlessness we observe able on aw sides ; on just one of than another kept roaring up on' their tip-toes, in stretching out their necks like France, pakehas, will be run, to got as early a deep as possible at th' proccBshun. Eawr Sayroh, too, good as fidgetty as other took up kept stretching up, to catch a gleam my own but not appear ith distance. in a bit there was a star in a commotion, and several neighbors crowd saw " They're cummin." Now then, aw says to Sayroh, now then for. Woj't see such a spot in of Boothroyd minutes as we never seen before. He went award a flutter, it seemed as if he hardly knowed wet to do so himself. He fun it cost OF our basket was ith road too, in hinder him from them as comfortable as was desirable. put it down behind the, aw says, for there's not money for, further ; they're aw pressed to the' front. Aw will, be Bays, for its very eighteen howling it. was' that he put it down on the floor, and immediately we could year took stream tin " harrow, us see the ladies up at the rear windows waving their bits of' white cambric. Then a lot of' dragoons, is' drawn yards, coom prancing up, in rare or well they look. Then a band of music in our stays hunt at the' front of h crowd struck up a time. The' hurricane become leader ; it was soon up by th' four feet ceremony as ; the' ladies begun to lights on' their buddles have good three of th' windows, on to flutter their cambrics beast we' freighter yernstfulnoBs un vigour. Then there here insert a carriage on' a coachman at the' front dress in' wool laced livery, in wearing of quare shaped hat is a wintering, in behind our two snobbish-Iookin flunkies, an' elegant knives, sticking now in a couple of straps ; another carriage followed one another, in another, aw wv liveried coachmen or fancies, but of different patterns ; up at last a shawl a " that's him, that's him," in a tremendous hurricane to wd us that the' carriage in whiohPrinoo Albert was Boated war poBsin. Then we pressed forward in street east cowl necks as far as we could, and report upon eager tippy toes to get a seat on him; in there he was, dressed in soldier's uniform, blown up smiling. By gum, Bobby, says eager Sayroh, father, if he isn't bowls to us; and just at that minute we yard a crash behind. As if boats seized in' a sudden consignees of wet was the' cause on't, we jumpt reawnd ; un heart we discover that somebody had but Brennan on th' reticule, in it had broken down on' us ; on we ever beautiful pork pies, preserves cakes, trade in cheese, up the bottle of rum, was being trampled under foot. Heavy, money, on' me ! cried Sayroh, making a rush for the' wreck, did over anybody see the like of' this on, we has gripped fist has given just one a drive i'thBtummack, un then another till hood clear the' space where now the smash stuff too ; but just as he was bending down to make some don't up, a kind iv of surge war made by the crowd j bang they went agon her, as thwack he went yod first to the floor Aw won by her side in a crack, in help her to her feet open. Aw never seed such mismonnort mascots in' my life, has says a year no more behavior in you, a parcel on you, than a set of wolves. Wet at do, missis ? says a chap. Found it cant ! he says, you known wot's to do. Look here at aw this good stuff trampled to pieces, in a basket aw wouldn't be seen five shilling for a smash to thomas. Soon as the' crowd did not but lost at her, in look up o'th accident as a fork, aw towd hurt' come away engineer hood. But we cannot help but heed, has says an aw but wish it aw could find th' skeawndril avoid it, and mumps has chops for him. Well, but aw says, we may as well make the best in a bad job, for wot's done cannot be un- done. Aye, it's very consoling, how dare say, he says, is that but it doesn't console me. Straighten your bonnet, missis, says a woman, for it's gotten knocks sadly east o' shape. You let my bonnet alone, he says, in mind your own business. But for await boo said this has begun a' little about the' books, as having stolen a last fond look at things o'thbaskotun its contents boot went with' me, growlin earth dried, till we get a good distance away. The' procession having passed, aw shows it was no use stopping in' that nayburhood any longer; SO low proposed but we should get on a handy- bush open up roads book to the town. But, may, be said, they must have another four points east by her j here consider it, for a weighers wife, hood lost reef in' one day. Consequently we potted off, as well as we could got for the' crowd, down Stretford New Road jun up by the time of wo good th' turn of Aw Saints' Church, th' second clause it was passed on the road, th' soot off colours it was some froth windows in fluttering ith breeze on the top of buildings along the) whole route, had driven th' remembrance at dawn loss sawn up her mind; or, at least, bad often very much Sayroh's grief in reporting. When we got to St. Peter's Church, wi' gain an staring about us, we took the wrong turn, us aside or' going up Moseley-street, were good drawn into Lower Morley-street, on didn't find cart down mistake till we got to the bot- , tom. Wo'd th' pleasure therefore or turnip' book. On the return journey we stop to look met a shop where they dealt i' trade in bacon, in various other oddments usually a sold at a badger's shop. Eawr Sayroh war w looking over to see if he could meet we' owe it?,' would serve us for a tasty is a chop bagging. 4 While we stood there a lad, her foot and a bare-legged in Beominly about fourteen year old, passed us we went into the' sheep ; on he showed us OF forms a plan to get a pound of staff work for the price in a hawve-a-peowud oz over owd before met in. the act for a hawvo-a-pownd of pig cheek. A woman, th' missis o'th shop, aw suppose, we choose to serve him. The' big clock was on of plate, in the plate was r one corner o'th window, and when he was sitting in her back was burnt to th' BOOIOB on which it was to be weighed. Hoo out a Bloke at the' beginning which has, no doubt, they would weigh just about a hawvo-o-poawnd, but as it was short, he tried j th' scale at' his thumb to give her an idea us how much money too much out in when boo J turns round to out a bit motor, th' lad slyly tore a bit off went our on the' score in port it 1 into his mouth, ranging away at it till too A turns round ages, but stopped his jaws as sudden as gun- shot, in looking as innocent as a martyr, when he did so. This lodge was reported at least six or eight times ; on the woman come into a maze ; he couldn't imagine how it was, aw could soon, as he couldn't make it th' boom kick. Hoo examined th' weigh and, tried it on' her thumb ; in finding aw seemingly . as it should be, cried, Bless me, how men Remain for aw never made Bitch st bad loss as this is' my life store. He then turned round open to cut another piece, in the' lad was a board repeat his dodge, but, soon as starter's him, he twitched his head back, in the' neat bit as he put on made it weight. S Well, that's a sharp touch, boys eager Sayroh, isn't it P A Y, aw says, its a now, but aw cannot say vin improved plan, for reducing the' prices of' food. Should UB toll o'th young shantlodurt P lion says. Noy, by th' mons, now says, owd near weighing my yed about it I for if we did, in the' lad was soon up, we should ha t' stop a' Manchester to give evidence aged him, in that wouldn't suit us. We potter!; off as soon as the' lad coom cast off shop, in stop no more till we get into Market-street, at the wo turns off from the Infirmary to watch th' fountains play ; in a grand soot it was to some folk, forth water - swirled up to a cake use a height on a trip by mendous force, under the' space around in' a < * kind by a watery vapour in favour of greig , big white veil. Eowr Sayroh said it was a good .' it didn't take her money much; food secured money as forms a sort of' Bowtun when the water pipes had breasted. XZND OTU TUIKD CRAFTER. On SINGLE REELECTION. Many people logeMK matrimony because they can't find a potrimonyfv.* Wnx is little Prince Victor Albert Uko two of all' the delights of out-door life in fine weather P Bocouso IIO'B the son and heir (sun and air of England. A QUERY correspondent writes to ask whether he would be justified in describing a small horse chesnut as a cob not. We should I think not. A PERSON pretending to have seen a ghost, I was asked what the apparition said to him. "How should I know? -he replied; not skilled in the dead languages." I , BRAIN FEVER A. gentleman boarififlj'fchflt a literary pretender, with plentiful hawker witness had been seized with a brain fovofdryly sobs , served, " Oh, the the things impossible. " Why ' impossible ?" asked his informant " Because, it was the reply " there's no foundation for the fever, or the report." of. ONCE on a time it happened that a poor wight married a shrew, who led him a piteous life. She fell ill, the doctor was called in, and the anxious, affectionate husband inquired' of him how his dear spouse was Galen shook his head, and told him to prepare for the worst. " What, said he " is she likely to get over it." EQUATION.-Twoboys, one of them blind of an eye, wore discoursing on the merits of their respective matters. " How many hours do you ? get for sleep ?" said one. " Eight," replied the other. " Eight ! why I only got four !" " Ah ! " said the first, " but recollect that you have only I got one eye to close, and I have two 1" AT St. Albans, At., a liquor-Beller brought before the courts urged in defence that he SO reduced his whisky by water that a man could not got drunk on it. He came very near prov- ing his case, but unfortunately for him, in an unguarded moment, he had sold one glass of unadulterated whisky, and a fine was the consequence. REPARTEE. A dandy once went to a doctor is to be bled. The doctor, after some time and Jfr trouble, succeeded in drawing blood from hU-&'5 trembling arm, whereupon the dandy, after o'er little of his fear had subsided, raised up his head and exclaimed, " Doctor, I think your are a great butcher." " Ay," said the doctor, " and I have just been sticking of great calf." THE past summer, as a lady, modestly at ., ^ tired, was on her way to on board one of the Hudson River boats, she sat quietly reading in the ladies' cabin, when a fashionably dressed . dame, mistaking her for a servant, rather rudely' *< accosted her with, "Do you know this cabin is 7, for the ladies?" "Certainly I do,", was -tried answer, "and I have been wondering sometime A  why you were here." - "' . took 