MODERN JOURNALISM. TECE problems of journalism have been perplexing itl iho last few years. The first mission of the newspaper was merely to. record the gossip of the town. It told the neighbors the news of the day—the scandal about the Smiths, and ithe dreadful accident to the Browns. It. was the post-boy, the herald, the carrier, the news-letter, the mere gazette. It told its story, and was forgotten. If a piece of malice was added, a sober reflection by way of advice of warning, it' made no more impression than would the observations, of'the moralizing gossip. In its early days the London. 'limes was a trivial and purposeless sheet It attained its present marvellous power, slowly, and mainly because it has been conducted upon the true principles of journalism. The newspaper of the olden time was no more respected than the galloping postboy who rides up to a tavern door and repealbs gossip of the highway over a pot of ale. The essayists wrote periodically, but they had so news to tell, and they answered a luxurious taste. A man read his Spectator very much as he smoked his cigar or sipped his wine, t It was a luxury. He could do without it. He can no more do without his newspaper than without his bread. No intelligent man will pass the day in a oondition of news-hunger. The news-letter and the essay served their missions; yet neither bad permanenoe. The Rambler and the Spectator might talk most delightfully, but it was merely talk, and > became tiresome. The news-man waB at the j mercy of any rival who had a fuller budget. • The essayist livad and died; the news-heralds j got along as best they could—a troublesome, necessary evil, regarded by Parliament and ! Ministers as gipsies or beggare, and at times put ioto the stocks. Journalism became a distinct profession when the missions of the essayist and the news-man were united. The true journal now is that which records every event of interest and discusses it with impartiality ahd courage. The time was When the review, the magazine, and the pamphlet "were the means "of expressing cultivated and impartial opinions. Gifted men took this "means of teaching the reason of ape6ple,be<&ilsenb; dtheraveniie was open. The press, as a general thing, was too poor to ask their aid. " Junius" was a flash, an accident of shrewd political war, not 'journalism. In twenty years we have seen the newspaper usurp "and absorb these functions. The revenues .of a great newspaper are large enough to outbid any other competitor, while its audience is so vast and general that he who has a story to tell, or an argument ;to press, hurries , to it's columns. The only institution in a Republic which verge's upon the monarchical, is that of an editor. If there were but a single newspaper, this. would become a tyranny, and society would be at the mercy of one man, clothed with an impalpable, irresponsible imperious power, winch came (vith every day of life, assuming to tear down and build up, to honor or dishonor, to reward and punish. The multiplication of newspapers avoids this. If one editor commitB a wrong there are twenty who will see that justice is done. While journalism is becoming a profession more powerful and respected than that of any other—which, indeed, embraces and fashions all others—it's news facilities are marvellous. Steam and the telegraph have added greatly to the usefulness of the press. Few but those in the profession know the almost endless ramifications of a great newspaper. The editor who sits over his midnight lamp Quietly arranging his columns, has hjB servants in every quarter of the world. His. orders are obeyed in the dominions of the Taicbon and the'Sultan, in the torrid countries of South America, and on the dreary humid shores of Walrussia. His ministers may be found closeted with Count Bismarck, or iiding on the trail of the merciless Indians; . And so through every brapch of business, and in te very relation/of life. The true newspaper is that which tells every man precisely what he desires to know, who gives the merchant the price of his wares in Asia, and Europe, and America. If the vines fail in Verzenay, it is known in New York within an hour after it is known in Bheims. If acottonorcp is a success it is known in Liverpool as soon as in .New York. The telegraph has so wrapped and girdled the world that before a broker ventures to part with his Atnericah bond he must know how much it is valued at by money changers of Frankfort and London. And with all this power> and with resources as great as that of many commonwealths, journalism is but in its infanoy. In America it is especially so. We look to London for the highest type of journalism. We mistake if, in a very few years, the best type will not bo found in New York. As it is, the enter- prise of the New York press is superior to that of any English newspaper. TheQuakerMissionarieBwholeftSoiithamp: ton for Madagascar a short time ago arrived at Antannarivo, the capital of the country, on the 3rd of June last. They visited Mauritius on their way, which island they state contains a population of 340,OO0, 250,000 of whom are East Indians, and are eithet Hindoos or Mahomedans. Ignorance, superstition, and immorality abound, Say tho missionaries, among theBe people: The missionaries left Port Louis, in Mauritius, for Tamatave, in Madagascar, a distance of 450 miles, in a French bullock Bhip. They were invited by the native governor of Tamative to meet him, and the; described him as a man of ability and of dignified and pleasing manners. SuGAB.-The Maryborough Sugar Company have 8 more tons of sugar ready for delivery. Four tons of it will arrive this morning. The quality, we are informed, is a great improvement on the last. The oanes crushed are some that should have been cut last year, so that we have no means vet of ascertaining what tbe fair average yield will b«; THE LESSOR OF THE GAEDEIT—A GARDEN is a beautiful book, writ by the finger of God • every flower and every leaf is a letter. Ton have only to learn them—and ho is a poor duncethat cannot, if he will, do that—to learn them and join theiri; and then to go on reading and thinking. And you will find yourself carried away from the earth by the beautiful story you are going through. Yoii do not know what beautiful thoughts grow out of the ground, and seem to ialk to a man. And then there are some flowers that seem to me like over dutiful children: tend them but ever so little, and "they come up and flourish-, and show, as I may say, their bright and happy faces to you. " IF YOU PLEASE."—When the great Dukd of Wellington was ill, the last thing lie took was a, little tea. On his servant handing it) to him in a saucer, and asking if he would have it, the Duke replied, "Yes, if you please." Those were his last words. . How much kindness and courtesy is expressed in them! Ho who bad commanded the greatest amies in Europe, and was long accustomed to tho tone of authority, did not despise, or overlook the small courtesies of life. In all .your home talk, remember," if you please." AGBicui/rtmAx PEOSPEOTS ts BIVEEIKA. —The Pastoral Times of Saturday observes— The crops in the neighbourhood of Deuiliquin are such as to make the most- inveterate croker twitch the muscleB of his mouth, and put on something approaching a smile. One case tve hear of where the value of the hay alone, at £G per ton, independent of butter, eggs, &c;, will reimburse the owner the cost Of the farm, and pay all current expenses. A mowing machine is beingused with advantage, •both in cutting closer &nd; saving labour. . FRENCH EXPEDITION TO THE POLAB SEA.— Fifty distinguished Frenchmen have sanctioned an enterprise for the discovery of the North Pole. M. Gustavo Lambert, formerly a pupil at the Polytechnic, now in the hyarOgraphic ..department, proposes tb reach the open Polar Sea and the Pole itself by a route never before tried. The project haa been well received, and a subscription has been opened. THE INDUSTEIAX SCHOOL.—Between "eight and nine o' clock on Sunday evening, loud Screams were heard in the Industrial School and some anxiety was manifested by the general pnblic to know the cause of the screaming which, for a few minuteB, was exceedingly loud and violent. Most of tho people who heard it fancied that tho girls were either fighting amongst themselves, or else that they were getting punished at the instance of the matron. Neither supposition was in the remotest degree correct. We have ascertained on undoubted authority, that the sole cause of the outcry was sheer devilment on the part of Borne seven or eight of the girls who Were located together in one of the dormitories. Directly Mrs. King heard the screaming, she hurried to where it proceeded from, and inquired the cause. She was informed by the offenders that " There was a man or a ghost nnder one of the beds," and that they had screamed because they were afraid. After giving the girls a severe rebuke for their conduct, and threatening them with much worse consequences if they did not remain quiet, Mrs. King left, and we heed scarcely add the "ghost" gave tha " young ladies " no fiirther trouble. Considering the class of characters Mrs. King has to deal with, it surprises us how she manages to keep them so. orderly and well- behaved as she does.— FLEXIBLE STONE.—A great geological curiosity has been deposited in the museum of the Hartley Institution at Southampton, consisting of a piece of flexible stone about two feet long, seven inches wide, and moro than one inch in thickness, having theappearauce of rough sandstone, which bends with, slight pressure like a piece of indiarubber or gutta-percha of the same size. This very interesting specimen of geology has been placed in a glass case constructed for it, fitted with a lever, by touching the key of which on the outside of the case the flexibility of the 8toneisshown. It was presented to the Hartley Institution by. ,Mr. Edward Cushen from his relative, Mr.. B. S. Munden, who obtained it from Delhi; in the East Indies. In its natural position the stone is said to run iu thin layers in the soil in which it is found, but is so rare in India that it finds a place in tho museum at Calcutta. Wo ara informed that there is a similar stone, but nob so wide as the orie under notice, in the British Museum, and another in the museum of the School of Mines, but specimens are very rarely to be mot with. Although tha stone has a gritty appearance, no grit or dust is throwii off by the motion given to it when under pressure. , SELLING A SWEETHEAET.—The Pleasant Creek Chronicle relates the following as afact —" We recollect an instance, not many years ago, of two men on one of the up-count|y diggings, who exchanged wives; but ccrteinly until Friday we were unaware of a man possessing the power to sell his sweetheart—and that ton, for the paltry sum of £2. She must either have been a very unfavored specimen of the fair sex, or else his estimate of her commercial value was certainly very low indeed. But, nevertheless, such is the case. A young man, in a country town, not twenty miles from Pleasant Creek, aotually disposed of his sweetheart for the miserable consideration of £2; and tho agreement, which is certainly characteristic of the whole transaction, ie as follows: —' This is to certify that I do hereby agree to have no further connection with: from this date hereafter, and do now sell my right and titlo to the same; and I hereby acknowledge to have received payment for the said forfeiture of my title aud interest.' After such a revelation as this; we oertainly think that the members of the fair sex would be somewhat diffident iu accepting tbo attentions of the gentleman I alluded to;" —New York Tribune. ' —Chroniclt. Newcastle Chronicle. 