AN UNFORTUNATE FEMALE. My cousin lives up a little creek-lakes they arc called here-on the Devonshire side'of the Tamar. I walked down to the river's edge and called for a boat. " It's very muddy walking in the lanes after you'vo crossed, ma'ain," said the boatman, " leave alone it's being very lone- some for a hunprotected lady. I'll take you right up to Tavytreo quay for eighteen pence, ma'am, and nothing to fear with a man with you all the way, ma'am." "Ah, well!" I thought to myself, " there's nothing like having a man with one, after all. I'll close with this proposition." We started immediately. I was quite calm and tranquil, laving aman with me ; and I must say, while we kept to the Tamar I had a beautiful time. The water was smooth as crystal ; and though the night was dark, yet since there was nothing to be afraid of-no steamers bursting abuut, or lazy barges rolling along like porpoises in liquor-dark or light mattered little. But when wo turned into Tavytreo lake, this being much narrower than the Tamar, and the banks very high and wooded, I certainly did wish the days were a bit longer-or even a lantern would have been cheerful. " Tavy tree lake has a very cranky channel," I said to the man. ' I suppose you know it pretty Mell!" "right ma'am," says the man. And he rowed on without another word. It was darker than I liked ; but he said nothing, till at last the boat bumped a bit, and then stopped. " Why don't you go on ?" I said very civilly. " Wo aro stuck, ma'am." " Stuck ?" " In the mud. ma'am ; and the tide is running down very fast." "If it is, ruuning fast, it may take the boat with it," I remarked. " More likely to leave her high and dry, ma'am ; least- ways, unless 1 can push her off." " Then push her off, by all means." Having a man with me, of course I did not feel in the least alarmed ; but I was certainly a little shocked when he divested himself of shoes and stockings right before my eyes, and then clambered over the side of the boat and disappeared bodily. I soroamed. " No harm done, ma'am ; the water is rather deep this side that's all. I'll find the channel, and get the boat in it in a jiffy." On he went, taking sound- ings on his way with a polo. It was so dark by this time, that Le had not taken threo steps before he became invisible At first I heard a good deal of floundering, but at last that died away in the distance, and all was quiet. Fifteen minutes went by, and the boat got rather one-sided, and a queer inclination to tip over. Still I was . placid ; nothing can go wrong whenan unpro- tected female has a man to take care of her. Nevei theless, when half-an-hour slipped on, and there was nob a sound to break the stillness, and no signs of the man, I grew nervous. " It may bo pleasant to have a man with one, but I don't know that its pleasant to have a drowned man," I said to myself; "especially if this drowned man .goes 'bobbing round' all night while I sit in this boat. Of course I must sit here all "night, if ho docs'nt return. And in tho morning when his corpso goes floating by, I shall bavo to oatch it and tie a string to it " and tow ithometohis wife. That'shorrid enough; but how do I know that I shaVt bo accused of killing him ? Who is to prove I didn't ? I oan't bo witness for myself. I know exaotly how the newspapers will put the case : ' A weak man, lamo of one foot, is seen to depart in the darkness, with a muscular and bony femalo'-I am bony, and I don't deny it-' and this«man is never seen again alive. 13 ut in the morning the audacious murderess returns to Saltash towing tho body of her viotim, attaohed by lier soarf and poeket-handkerohief to tho boat, and tells the incredible tale that the man has drowned himself. Her story ia that ho deliberately flung himself from the boat, and went on foot through the river; and sho affirms sho nover saw him again, till his dead faoo bobbed up before her eyes, at six this morning. Wo leave this in orodiblo state mont to tho comments of our readers. For ourselves, we assert that no man will xquit a boat to walk up a river j and no lady, worthy of the name, would remain in an open boat all night. No! this female ruffian has murdered that poor, lame, harmless, man ; and in tho name of man wo demand justice !" This was tho sort of paragraph that would appear, and I felt myself got damp as I thought of it. At this instance a faint voice reached mo, gradually developing into frantic ories of " Hoy ! hoy ! boat there 1" " Boat there 1" I said to mysslf, " Of oourse tho boat is hero j 'and its tipping over moro and more, too." "Boat! Hoy, ma'am? Boat!" It was im- possible for mo to oondescoud to make any reply to this nonsense. But tho ories only grew moro and more frantiofroin my silence. "Boat ! hoy ! Holler, ma'am ! boiler !" " Hollow ! I observed. "It's my private opinion the boat won't bo hollow muoh longer, for if sho tips a little more she'll fill," " Holler, ma'am ! I oant BOO nothing ! I oan't find the boat! Holler, for niaroy's sake !" 0,1 understand tho matter now ! The Eoor man had lost the boat in the darkness, and ad boon vading and floundering up and down the river all this timei in searoh of it. Of course I " hollored" immediately, only I didn't .'..quite know how to do it. "Ah! Ah! Ah,l 0 !" I said vory gonteoly. " Ilollor, ma'am ! holler ! I'm getting the oramp !" Upon this I stood up-the boat tipped dreadfully - ..cried out moro genteelly, " 0 ! 0 ! 0 ! Ah !" ,,''Boat thoro!" I'm most done! noller! or *oan't you show something white !" Good hea- vens ! show something whito ! Was the horrid , °'inan mad? Ah, I would wave my handkor-' chiQf. This was gotting exciting and romantic. -;I would do a noble deed; I would wave my handkerchief and savo the man's lifo. I waved it. A great splash-a floundering-a gasp a bubbling-then a ohoked voice, dospo rate " Boat ! boat ! Holler !-for life's sake, holler !" I dropped my handkerchief, I dropped my gentility, and I "hollered," ay, and like a boatswain, too, I did more. I showed some- thing white. The man's life was at stake, and mine-for if he drowned I should.hang. My petticoat was of dimity, ironed and starched that morning ; it glistened, it gleamed like a beacon j the drowning man saw it-he had not the lease idea in the world what it was, and made for the boat. When ho reached it, gasping and trembling, I was a modest mass of dark drapery-not a ray of white about me. And he positively was not grateful j but then I confess he asked no questions. Thus do woman's noblest sacrifices ever remain unseen, unappreciated by mau ! Unconscious of my devoted act, this man sat down, wet as a shag, and blowing like a porpoise, not uttering a word of thanks. His first sentence was even a re- proach : " Why didn't you holler before, ma'am ? I've come near bein' drowned." " My good man, I did holla," I answered with digni- fied calm. " Now, why don't you get thö boat off at once ?" " Because I can't, ma'am. And if I could, there's no water to float her higher up." " The fact is, you don't know the channel," said I, severely. " Couldn't fiud it in the dark, ma'am. And if I could, one man's strength wouldn't shove the boat iöto it off this mud." "Then, what's to be done?" I asked with a little scream, as the boat went right over on her side, nearly tilting me into, the man's lap. " Wo can't do nothing but sit hero till five o'clock tomorrow morning; by that time I reckon the tido'll get her off" " What ! - sit here in this stick-in-tho mud boat all night with you !" I shrieked ; " that's impossible." Good gracious, I thought, hero's a position for an unprotected female ! Sitting up till five in the morning, in pitch darkness, up a lonely creek, with a boatman ; 0, this is nice, this is respectable ¡-this is having a man to take care of one, this is ! I had better have let the creature drown himself. " If you won't sit hero till high tide, what'll you do ma'am ?" said the man. " What will I do ? I'll wade the river," I answered. " You will ma'am," he cried. " Well, I must say you are a plucky one." Ho bent forward towards rae and shook the wet off himself upon my tea- green silk. I held myself very stiff, in order to let him see that I wanted no admiration. " Now my good man," I said " lot us start." At the same time I prepared myself to show boldly my white dimity, my scarlet stockings, and my Bal- moral boots. "La bless you, ma'am," you can't wade yet ; you must wait a hour at least ; the tide isn't low enough, you'd bo drowned now." " Very well, I'll wait an hour." I said this with the composure of a martyr. The boat was very much on one side. I sat on the high or tilted side ; the man moved over to the same bench. I pretended not to see him ; this ap- peared to mo the most proper mode of noticing his conduct. " Beg pardon for sitting so near you ma'am, but I'm feared she'll go quito over if I stays t'other side. Don't want to capsize her you see." " Sit where you please," I re- sponded. After this there was a dignified silence of ten minutes j then I knew by the sprinkles that leached mo the man was gotting fidgety, and shaking out his garment as it were to the night. " If you please ma'am, may I as \--" I coughed as loud as I could to discourage him-" ax a favour of you ?" " My good man, this is really not a time-" " Seems to me, ma'am 'tis the very time j 'tis uncommon lone- some and dark hero, and I'm as cowld as a lump of ice 'most. 'Twould warm mo a hit, if you didn't mind it ma'am." " Why did I holla ?" I said to myself. " Why didn't I let this man drown ? I should feel more oomfortable if ho was a corpse tied on to tho stern than I do now." " Please ma'am, I wouldn't ax if I hadu't got the shivers. And some ladies don't objeok leastways my wife never does." "Perhaps not," I 6aid drily. I really could not tell how to keep up a conversation with this man. " And it's a very small pipe ma'am and good bakker and I'll sit as far off as I can -without capsizing the boat ma'am." There, there," I answorcd, "not a word moro j smoke if you like." He smoked ; and by the light of the glowing weed I saw his eye fixed ou me with a droll expression. Was ho wondering where I kept my purse ? was he thinking how easy it would bo ?-No, this was not a land of thieves and sharpers ; I would banish such London fanoies from my mind. He finished his pipe, knocked the ashes out, put it in his pocket, then jumped over tho sido of the boat. This time he returned in a few minutes. " I think the water is low enough now, ma'am ; I've sounded 'it along to the bank. If you are real serious about wading, I believe you can go safe." I looked into the river, bunning in black darkness, and I felt a littlo bit of a shiver. Not tnat I was afraid. O dear no ! " Must I really either wade or sit here till five o'olock ?" I asked. " Why, you see, ma'am, the tide has boen running down three hours ; it'll be on the turn about half artor one, and I rooou there won't be water enough in this hero oreek till nigh upon five-" " Enough ; I'll go," Ituoked up my tea-green silk, I tied my shawl tightly around me, I put one foot outsido the boat. " 'Tis a pewer pity," said tho man j " them nice booth-and knee-deop tho mud is quito. 11 arn't so wet as I was, ma'am j and it you don't mind my back being in a way moist, and if you put both arms round my neck tight, and hold on hard I think I oould do it." I looked up the river and down-all was darkness j a glimmer of starlight on tho -water making us but dimly visible to oaoh other-of courso it waa ridioulous and horrid-of course if it wore day- light it would be impossible; but in this pitch darknos3, and the rospcctablo Mrs. Giundy slumbering far away, and tho river so muddy and cold, and all ray things would bo spoiled mightn't I aot like a sonriólo woman and-I pub my arms around tho' man's neck. " I am not very heavy, and you'll promise to be oareful," I said. " I'll be as kearful as though you was a baby." Wo started-I, Tabitha Troenoodlo, with my arms rqund a man's neok for tho first timo in my life. And I must confess I could not oonsidcr the thing in itself at all pleasant ; my hands wore clasped beneath bia ohin"; and I felt it would be moro convenient if my feet oould be there to, for my boots dangled in a remarkably unpleasant way, and shrinking them up from oontaot with tho river gave me tho cramp. For'a^fow pacos all went well, then I felt a sudden giving way of my sup portor on one side, and my right stooking went into the water. " You arn't clinging half tight ma'am. Hold me round the nook oloso as ohokes please." "Was Ijiojno to this? Well! after all, I'm not a Mrs. Sqoamisli, and it's usolosa to fidget. I held him tighter. But now there was a giving way on the other side, and my left stooking went into the river-doap. Another momont there was a giving way altogether ; but fooling the catastrophe ooming, I sprang off my pillar of support on to a niudbank, just as ho himself disappeared bodily down a holo. Tho wator was nearly to his nook ; but with my help ho sorambled out and stood by my sido dripping. " I missed my soundings then," ho said. " Do you think you oould manage to hold on again ma'am ?" he added, presenting his back with great po litenosa. " No, boatman, I could not. I'll trust to my own feet this time." The poor .man was profuse in his sorrow ; but he was lame, and he had staggered painfully beneath my weight. I felt it would be cruelty to ani- mals to put such a load on him again. And besides I couldn't, be much muddier than I was. _ Thus thinking I stepped boldly into the^ river, following my conductor, who taking soundings, and warning me of danger, walked before. We crossed safely. We were on the Tavytree side landed safely among the rushos ; but 0, the pilgarlick I was ! Walking behind the man had given me full liberty to protoot the white dimity and tho tea-green silk, but tho rest of mo would have astonished a flounder. " What are we to do next? Can wc walk along the riverside ?" No the mud was too deep; and in some places, where the channel was narrow, the water was too deep. There was nothing for it but to mount the rocks and get into the wood above. If the river was dark, the wood was a chimney, only blacker and no soot. The man by my side might have been on the Monument as far as I could seo him. " iTavo you been in this here wood before ma'am?" he said in a frightened voice, " Often, I know my way initwellenougb by day, and even by night if I could get into the path. It runs through the centre." " In that case, ma'am, we must go straight upwards, and wo shall be sure to strike it." " I'll try by myself. You had better go back to your boat." ."Noone will run away with my boat, ma'am. I'll find her safe enough at five in the morning; but you'll never get out of this yur wood without a man to help you-never ma'am." " I'm suro I'm much obliged to you," I said, gratefully; and my cousin to whose houso I'm going, will give you a bed, or a scat by the kitchen fire ; and that will be better than sitting in your boat till the tide is high enough to take her off." " Certainly it will, ma'am. Please, come along." I carno along; and in two minutes I knocked my bonnet off again a tree, and in another minute knocked my nose, and made it bleed like prize-fighting. "You'd better give mo your hand, ma'am," said my protector, " and let me lead you along." After perching myself on his back, with my arms round his neck, I felt it would bo folly to refuse this aid. I took his hand, and went on with confidence. Bang ! he pulled mo plump against another huge tree, and I felt a big bump rise on my forehead, and knew my bonnet-cap was dangling round my neck. " Well, I dnnno how I missed feeling of that tree j-- hopo you a'rn't hurt, ma'am." I was nearly stunned, but replied faintly that there was life in me yet. " I reckon t'wull bo heasier to go this way," said the man, grabbing my hand tight, and dragging mo in a direction from Tavytreo. " Kow he's going to show himself in his true colours. Now he's going to turn out a villain and murder me," I said to myself. I stood still with horror, and rooted my soaked boots deep as I could in the mud. " I'll not go that way," I cried. " But, my dear lady we shall striko tho path then, and if we keep the course of the river wo never shall j and wo shall knock our- brains out agin the trees In course they grows thickest by the water, and'the undorgiowth, too." "I don't oare. I won't stir a "step that way. Lot go my hand." He immediately grasped it tighter. " No ma'am I can't. If I let's go, and you stirs honly a hinch, I shall never catch you hup again." 0, the blood-thirsty villain ! He would not give his viotitn even a chance for her lifo. "Please ma'am can you seo me?" No man, no ; no more than if you were your own ghost," I answered. "Nor I you ma'm. So you porceives if we lets slip hands, we may go hollering all night through this yur wood like those blessed babies the robins was undertakers to, and yet never lay holt to one another again. I can't see your hand, ma'am, I declare, though I'm griping of it." It was true that the dark- ness was even as intenso as this ; and the thought of being alone in such blackness, or of being hunted through it, made my flesh creep. " There's a shimmer of light on the lake," I said in my oivillcsttono : " that will surely help us a little if we keep to its course." " That ain't nothing of help ma'am. If we goes straight hup, we must striko tho road ; but if we koop along hero, wo may bo two hinohes hoff and yet not find it." Ah ! ho knew of some pit in whioh ho could throw me, or of somo' horribly lonely place "straight hup" whero a throat could; be cut, and tho unpleasant body uever found! What's tlio good of wasting time ma'am ! Como along !" He gave mo a frightful tug with his strong hand, upon which my soaked boots gave way, and I went two jerks forward ; then I throw my arm around a tree, and held on. And to make it harder to him to move mo, I sat down in the mud-I did and spoilt my tea-greon silk for over. " You aro vory hard to help along, ma'am," ho said savagely. O, you villain ! Now you aro bo ginning, are you? "My good man," I observed blandly, " you are dragging rae now against my will. G-o my way, and I shall bo easier to help," 0 my unfortunate stars ! if he would only let go my hand I'd run. To have stopped in the boat oven would have been bettor than this. The man couldn't see I was sitting down in tho mud. "Crikey !" ho said to himself, in a very respect- ful manner, as ho kept tugging my arm off without moving mo. I thought I'd try a little fierconcss." " Man, 1 wont go !" I shrieked j " I wont ! How daro you pull mo ?" LTo turned mool: directly. The idoa of a man being .frightoued of me ! " I'll go your way if you like ma'am, ho said as mild as milk ; but wo don't get out of the wood then till daylight. And if you'll strike straight hup, ma'am, I'll bo sponsibla for the path." This was a handsome offer. I reflected-I consented. I had found I- could snub tho man, and I knew I could knock him down. I determined, to be bravo. I got up from the mud and unwound my arm from tho treo. " Very well j I'll strike up. I hopo you'll find the road at onoo." A furze bush caught my dress and tore it out of tho gathers ; thon I hit my hand against a thorn, and soratohod the flesh to the bono. Still I went on. The man was '' sponsiblo," and I ought to be thankful. Inky darkness ! I demo- lish tho last bit of my bonnet against a branch, and nearly leave my host boot in somothing soft. But this soarcely counts, for in another moinont tho man and I stopt off on nothing, and find oursolvos upon our faces in something vory soft indeed-slush i's tho only word for it. Tho shook strikes us hoi pleas j we lio still, not suro if wo aro alive. Black darkness, and silonoe, and no attempt, either on his part or mine, to move» Thon the man's voice, vory low :-" My dear lady are you killed ?" " No, man, I am not." This was-said snappishly, my mouth being full of mud, Cortainly that man was meek as Moses, for ho was civil still. " Thank heaven for that ! My doar, good, blessed lady, aro wo down at the bottom of a shaft?" "No, thero are no shafts hereabouts." No sooner had I spoken, than tho poor bewildered creature i sprang to his feet and rooovered his wits. " I made sure we were down a shaft," he said in awed tone. If any accident happens to a Cornish man, his first idea is that ho is down a shaft. "Are you hurt, ma'am ?" " Not a bit," I answered springing up likewise. We congratulated each other upon this ; and in two minutes more, to my great delight, we stopped off the bushes and brambles and underwood, on to the hard, firm, open road. We clambered over a' gate, and found ourselves in the fields, close upon the villago of Tavytreo. It waB a respectable village -highly respectable. With the exception of a little scandal about two old maids, who had fallen in love with the .Methodist preacher, and declined to go to church, there was never any- thing to bo seen or heard in the village but the most orthodox respectability. Now, in the fields I could see myself a little, and a nioe object I saw. There was nothing left of my bonnet but the cap, and that was hanging round my neck in rags. My face was a oako of mud mingled with blood from my prize-fighter's nose and scratches. I was torn, and worried, and mangled^ and rolled, just like an early Chris- tian virgin and martyr that minute pulled out of the fangs of wild boasts. And in such a shape as this I was to enter that respectable village, and perhaps greet some of my respect- able acquaintances. And a man with me, too ! And morals he- <> so severe ! Luckily it was eleven o'clock, and everybody went to bed at ten at Tavytree. There was a hope I might not bo seen. As we neared the village, the manly protector to whom I owed my woes seemed to feel some compunction. " Ma'am," he said, mysteriously, " if you like to go back, wo can wait at the corner of the wood till the first glimmer of daylight ; then we can wade to the boat, or I'll carry 'co I'm shure with all tho pleasuro in life; and I'll row sharp and get 'ee into Saltash unbeknown. My wife keops a hinn j you can clean yourself there, and como hero to-morrow respectable-like. Nobody'll know " This obliging offer made me smile. 0, the simplicity of the man; Better face all the outraged virtue of Tavytree than throw myself on the forbearance of a wife. After study- ing human nature so long among my neigh- bours, I was not quite such a goose as to put my head in a trap. I declined with thanks, and walked on faster. Sneaking along by back ways, I reached my oousin's house unseen. The moment the door was oponed I jumped inside. In the blaze of the light in the hall I looked at the man ; ho looked at me ; ho was a muddy merman ; I was a hideous tatterdemalion. The servant screamed; mycousin rushedout from the parlour, she screamed; I could not ombrace her j I was too dirty even to give hor ray hand. I gasped forth, "Is my boxoomo;" "Yes," she said. " Clean things and bath ! W hen I'm a Christian woman again I'll tell you everything. We've had a frightful accident-been nearly killed." I thought it wiso to exaggerate a little; but there was no exaggeration oqual to our appear- ance - judging from that we had been both chawed up by sharks, and resuscitated in a mud-bath. " Good Gracious !" cried my cousin. " And this poor man, I sup- pose, has saved your life. What a comfort you hud a man with you !" Looking at him grate- fully, she handed him over to the cook. Un- limited supper, and a tub of hot water iu back kitchen : thoso were her orders. I wont up- stairs, spoiling the carpets ; and feeling myself unequal to the task of dressing, I went from my bath to my bed. The noxt day I found myself black and blue. When I fell from the high bank I had fancied myself unhurt ; but the fact was, the excitement and shook had destroyed pain. I felt it now, and, bruised from head to foot, I lay quito helpless for a wook. When I rooovered I faoed the entire village. I recounted my ad- venture at every tea party, and thereby made a lion of myself for a whole month. As to the man, ho went wading back to his boat at five in tho morning, and I never saw him again. Long afterwards I heard .that/us villago was in a com- motion at his disappoaranoo that night; and his wifo refusing steadily to believe his meek statomont of facts, bullied him so tremendously that he ran away, and has not been heard of sinco. I understand ho oursed all womankind before his departure, and declared that Í was the oausoofall his misfortunes. Such is man! From Episodes ia the Life of Miss Tabitlia Trenoodtc, in " Belgravia." 