POETRY. SEPTEMBER IN AUSTRALIA. BY HENRY KENDALL. Grey Winter hath gone like a wearisome guest, And, behold, for repayment, September comes in with the wind of the West And the Spring in the raiment. The ways of the frost have been filled with the flowers, While the forest discovers Wild with the halo of hyaline hours And a music of lovers. September! the maid with the swift silver feet! She slides and she graces The valleys of coolness, the slopes of the heat, With her blossomy traces. Sweet month with a mouth that is made of the rose-- She lightens and lingers In spots where the harp of the evening glows, Attuned by her fingers. The stream from its home in the hollow hill slips In a darling old fashion! And the day goeth down with a song on its lips, Whose keynote is passion. Far out in the fierce bitter front of the sea, I stand and remember Dead things that were brothers and sisters of thee, Resplendent September! The West when it blows at the fall of the noon, And beats on the beaches, Is filled with a tender and tremulous tune That touches and teaches: The stories of youth; of the burden of Time; And the death of devotion, Come back with the wind; and are themes of the rhyme In the waves of the ocean. We, having a secret to others unknown, In the cool mountain-mosses May whisper together, September, alone, Of our loves and our losses. One word for her beauty and one for the grace She gave to the hours, And then we may kiss her and suffer her face To sleep with the flowers. High places that knew of the gold and the white On the forehead of Morning, Now darken and quake, and the steps of the Night Are heavy with warning! Her voice in the distance is lofty and loud, Through the echoing gorges, She hath hidden her eyes in a mantle of cloud And her feet in the surges. On the tops of tile hills--on the turreted cones-- Chief temples of thunder!-- The gale like a ghost in the middle watch moans, Gliding over and under. The sea flying white through the rack and the rain, Leapeth wild at the forlands; And the plover whose cry is like passion with pain Complains in the moorlands. O season of changes--of shadow and shine-- September the splendid! My song hath no music to mingle with thine, And its burden is ended. But thou, being born of the wind and the sun, By mountain, by river, May lighten and listen, and loiter and run, With thy voice for ever. 