THE LIGHT. FARMERS' CLUB.; The following paper, read . by Mr. Kruger before the Light Farmers' Club, in. reply to Mr. Alexander, of the Smithfield. Club, has been sent to us for publication "Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—In a paper read by Mr. Alexander to the Smithfield Farmers'Club, thatgentleman'endeavors to show, along with a lot of. other useless done and un done matter, that a Mr. Hay has" overdone his 3tew in introducing a new Land Bill based oh deferred payments and free ."selection. Gentle- | men, I consider the Light Farmers' Club, who have spent their , time and; money these last three years advocatinjg Mr. Hay's principle, I should not allow such .statements as Mr.'] Alexander's to go before the public unchal lenged ; therefore I put these few notes together for your approval.' Mr. Alexander begins with,j the Scotch anecdote about .a man that did not, like things underdone or overdone, but just" I weel done,' rwMch makes me remember an' | Irish anecdote which will suit 'Mr. Alexander and his arguments to aT. A certain woman, had a blind husband,' and when at meals the blind man had potatoes and salt, while the woman had meat, butter, or the best she could procure. The blihd man used to 'say, 4 Oh, then, will we ever have better fare than. this ?' The woman would say, ' I pray God it may never be worse,' lapping up her luxury. So with Mr. Alexander. He is very comfortable_> on the Smith's Creek; and if the poor devils from there to Port Gawler complain of scanty farms, red rust, black rust, or takeall, caused by excessive cropping, he will say—Let very well alone; shut up, and be thankful. - Before I contradict one statement Mi. Alexander has made I will lay d >wn the principles on which the Light Farmers' Club would wish Mr. Hay to base his new Bill. It is—free selection, deferred pay ments, occupation, cultivation, and limitation. Mr, Alexander says by free selection Mr. Grant got possession of two miles of the creek. Has Mr. Alexander such a poor opinion of Mr. Hay and the public as to" think that a limitation"! clause could not be1 inserted to prevent ;Mr^ f Grant, Mr.. Alexander, or any other big bug from Smithfield occupying but acer tain frontage of the creek, and a certain number mf; -acres ;;| so that if they should be first, they could not do as they have .done before at Smith's Creek—try and stoj? the creek from; running, so as the poor devils below would die of thirst! Mr. Alexander says he is certain by free selection the country would fall into the hands of capitalists; for instance, his own Club would rush and take up all the creeks from Smithfield-to Goyder's rainfall mark. Now, Mr. Chairman, I will ask you and those gentlemen present, cannot .Mr. Hay intro duce a limitation clause to prohibit Mr. Alex ander and his . Club from monopolising the creeks of the colony ? "With regard to deterred payments, that is to Mr. Alexander like a ghost story to a child. I will tell him that under the system of deferred payments I do not .know .one district in the colony which thrived better than ;| that from Mr. Alexander's door through Peachey Belt to the sea did. I do not know how long Mr. Alexander is:on the creek, but I knowT grew wheat on the plains 17, years ago, when, if Mr. Alexander was there, he. was like the Mar-J quis of Breadalbane—could claim all the land from his hall door to the sea.; But shortly after a few men in Adelaide, Such as Messrs. G. Green, E. "Wright, and P. D; Prankerd, smelt the diggings, of some other sign of the times, and having money, or got it, bought up every, section from Salisbury to Gawler, and from Smithfield to the-sea, and sold the land over again to a lot of industrious hard-working men on deferred payments.' What the pay ments were I know not; but I know several of those people who bought their seed, bullocks, ploughs, drays, &c.;, &c.;, on credit, and paid for them honestly, and are in their own simple way as honorable and as. independent farmers to-day as Mr. Alexander or any other member of his Club. I will ask Mr. Alexander whether the country throve better under the system of de ferred payments of land agents—who bought, as I have stated, the greater part of-the Gawler Plains for say £1 per acre, and sold it to others for say £2 per acre, rat 10'per cent, interest— or when the land was let to Grant and Butler as a sheepwalk? I say deferred payments did more public good. I will ask Mr. Alexander another question.. Would"it be -better for the farmer if the Government sold him the land at £1 per acre on deferred payments than to deal with the agents? I certainly maintain that it would be better- for the farmer and the public for the tenant to deal direct with the Goverm| ment and keep the money in the' colony than to deal with an English capitalist through a land agent, and send all profits over cost price out of I the colony. Respecting thAbuying of teams of bullocks, ploughs, drays," &c.;", that Mr. Alex ander is so frightened will never be paid for,-I t will ask, does he know one industrious farmer from his ball door to Port Gawler who did not pay for his team ? . I .do .not think he know3 one. Another fright 'of Alexander's is that those ' deferred payment', gentry, may build a hut, fence tbeir land; cultivate it until their five or seven years' leases are. expired, then* throw it up and seek 'pastures new.' Now, did Mr. Alexander know one on Gawler Plains,-. under the oppressive, deferred payments of .land | agents, that ran away from, his 'improvements. I believe not;, and if there was an exception,: some big wig like Mr. Alexander, or some other poor devil like himself, was in his place before the fife was quenched. Sir. Alexander is also afraid that the. rent " will] not be paid. For an answer to that I ".will refer him to the agents I named, as I know themi'to be men of'prim ciple, who will tell the truth. They have sold their land at from £2 yfo £3,- and-from 4s. to 6s^_per. acre_rent.".'Every one" "bets a new hat',"but. I will bet Mr. Alexander s pair of second-hand breeches that the answer of these gentlemen will be; ' We have,not . lost one penny. For if one left a trifle unpaid" | the improvement on the land allowed' us to' charge more, so that in the last we were gainers inateadof losers.' The bugbear 'vested in terests,' which is1 Mr. Alexander's worsi stumblingblock, should deferred payments be introduced,1 for fear it /wonld reduoe the value of his property and those of other re* si>ectable old colonists to a mere nothing, I will get rid of by asking ' "Were we not all new chums in our turn, and did it affect the pro* parties of old colonists in the South when we new cbums left every corner from Adelaide to Mount Barker, Willunga, fa-', fa, fa, H came and selected ow; lands at Smith's Cieek, >heaoak Log, GilbOrton, Saddteworth, and other places, on deferred payments, cash pay ments,'.mortgages, or as the case might be? Howl did that hurt the vested interests of the .South? -1 would -MkT Mri- A. But I never "heard " bf_'J»im. *"being' "a * Sonth-dbwn mart. J presume -he must-haye come, direct from where he had ."that ..'dinner with' the Scotch man to Smith's-'Cireek, where he had nude sure, and perhaps Wrote, home to his friends, that he was monarch of all he surveyed; .but, lo and behold 1 soon the land sharks, as he terms them, came and swallowed' it all up, and served it out again to a miserablejot of cocka toos, who had neither bullocks,:; ploughs, nor drays, nor in fact decent clothing,9 out like abo rigines dressed in flannel shirtsV .wide-awake hats, and moleskin trousers, toannoy the re spectable oldcolonists of) Smith's Creek. Mr. A. asks how could borrowing money in England be done under deferred payments? I can see nothing simpler; and the Hon. -the Treasurer will bear me out. J Let lOO famais get 1,000 acresof land each. at,,£L per snrs iui iUftiml pa^aeh^J^aijaeg ihterest at 6 orT per cent.; what better security can the. Qovernment give for £100,000 than the rent and improvements of the said 100farmers? . Didnot former Govero .mentsibcrrowwhat money they did borrow on the strength- of those, farmers who got their land on deferred payments from land agents, squatters, and capitalists, who sent two-thirds of the principal and interest* out of the colony? Mr..r A. . .avers occupation could be enforced; but how could culti vation and improvement be, managed? That is easily accomplished', for without any compul sion a tenant 'must fence'and 'clear his land, so as to enable him-to pay his'rent, and he must, cultivate it so as to keep bim from the Insol vent Court. (It will notW' red rust' always.) I have a letter in my handjfrom a landlord to his .tenant, which/says:—' You shall not clear your land from stone,, hut: if you do the stone shall belong to ine.; and if you do not pay your rent when due I' shall summons you, as I nave done before, andput you to costs.' Mr. Chair man, cannot the Government do as the land lord, and say, you must; do certain improve ments and you must pay your rent, or we «b«.11 eject you ? Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, I think I have pointed out that both free selec tion and deferred payments are the most essen tial points necessary in Mr. Hay's BUI, and I hope I shaU convince Mr. Alexander; for I consider it very bad grace for Mr. Alexander and that distinguished body 'The Smithfield Farmers' Club' to raise their powerful voice against their poor brother farmers who hap pened to be a few years later in the colony, or were more unfortunate in not selecting such another .paradise as Smith's Creek. Why not reach the hand of friendship to them, and allow the Government, in lieu of the land agents, to give each pf them a section or two on 'righfof purchase, and let every eld colonist of us assist them with seed, ploughs, buUocks, fa, &c.;:, aslthe old colonists in our times have done to us ? , I would impress upon Mr. Alexander .that beautiful chapter in the Bible that points out that blessing will aitend those who will do unto others'as they'wish'to'be done by. Mr. ' Chairman and Gentlemen, it is quite certain that 'if Mr. Hay's Land BiU is carried, it will be the [means ;of settling a. respectable yeomanry on this Beautiful land, in place of a bloated colonial aristocracy," who would, through foolery and ignorance, squander the hard earnings of their tenantry in England, Or'on the Continent of Europe, or, .perhaps, in Melbourne, where every thing is flash; as nothing can be got now in poor South Australia, without sending to Victoria- for it, even from the Prince's valet to an auctioneer's' clerk. If X cannot convince Mr. .Alexander by the facts I have stated in these hurriedly-got-up notes, I pledge him my word he" will be convinced next March at the general election, for I tell him in plain words his . hole-and-corner ; way: of tendering, which is fit for none but road, contractors and sharpers (who could: put. a man's tender in his pocket), will not be accepted by that" true farmers'friend, Mr. Ai Hay; or by that never tired Light Farmers' Club, or-by the public, who have what Mr. Alexander condemns—4 universal suffrage'—at their command. And if Mr. Alexander wishes I will double my bet that the word.4 tender' will not bo mentioned at the next election, but that free selection and deferred payments-will be the watchword from Monnt Gambier to theBurra ; and I will.add that the aristocratic Smithfield Club will not be able to return one-member far Yatala on the strength ofLMr. Alexander's. system of tendering. Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, before I conclude I would urgfr upon you the necesaity.of keeping to your post. : Youwant, and so does every Farmers' Club imthe colony, to be watchful ana prepared for next election so as to gain our end." - 