I The Great Metropolitan Handicap. I (To Hie Editors of Bell's Life in Sgdney.) Gentlemen,-When I first saw this Handicap in tho Si/tlne;/ Morning Herald, I could not help thinking that that respectable publication had been hoaxed ; but on enquiry, I find that it is tho genuino production of the respected A. J. C. Handicapper. Well, n.l I can say is, that I cannot congratulate Mr Lackey on tho results of his labors on this occasion. As a whole, the Handi- cap appears to bo a bad one, whilo individual horses aro hardly treated indeed. It seems to bo a misfortune to have a good horse, if wo aro to judge by tho way Yattondon's weight is increased, time after time, notwith- standing defeat after defeat, whilo oilier horses in tho races are turned loose. If ho could not win with 9st Slbs, or 9st Olbs, how is he do it with Ost lOlbs?-giving, on every occasion, lumps of weight to everything. It is nothing to tho purpose, to suy, that Tarragon used to bo handicapped at lOst and over; for tho fields of horses, when he used to win, were neither so numerous, nor of anything like tho quality of those of tho present day. Iiis owner's only consolation is, thnt others aro worse oil'than ho is. Volunteer, getting old and slow as ho is, may bo reckoned out of it-, with Ost 51bs ; and Rioter, 8st 131bs, lins not tho ghost of a chunco. Mr Lackey's estimate of Cossack and Tim Windier, differs by lllbs, from thnt of tho Melbourne Handicappers, for, whereas they niuko Cossack give Tim Olbs, Mr Lackey makes Tim pivc Cossack 21bs. Kow, Cossack always beat Tim Whilllcr when they met as three-year-olds, and, without going so far ns to say tho Holbourne gentlomon are quito' right, most pcoplo will consider Cossack some pounds thc better animal of tho two. Perhaps a medium betweon the two handicaps, ns fur as these two aro concerned, would bo about Ibo thing. I shall Lc much mistaken if the quotations do not show Cossack a hot favorite in tho betting. Then, why on earth should Hose bf A ustralia, concede Tim Whittler (who, as I havo shown, is not favorably in,) the 21b?, which sho does, whon her mare's allowance of Slbs is taken into account. In tho Band wick Handicap, carrying Ost to her 7st 131bs, Tim ran her for her bare life; nnd although sho finished before him in the Cup, currying 7st 31bs to his 7st41bs, yet tho loss of n stirrup in. tho carly part of the raco was uni- versally accepted ns suflicieut to account for that-with some pounds to spare. I consider the Bose out of it. Poor Bulgimbar seems to bo singularly unfortunate, for ho is treated with equal soverity by tho Melbourne Handicappers and Mr Lackey. Having run Inst in tho Cup with Tit slbs, ho is honoured now with est libs, un addition o( Tibs for his year ; whilo Bylong, who was not exhibiting his true form, but who performed much bettor willi 7sf, gels only un addition of only dibs. Bulgimbar also is out of it. Then Gulnare, whom most peoplo reckon about equal to Beatrice, ns their running on Nen Year's Day proved, has now to concedo lOlbs, which I think is Slbs too much, although Gulnarois tho moro likely of the two to stay two miles. But the most pre- posterous thing in tho whole Handicap is, that Bouquet (7it 71bs), a lilly of tho same year as Seugull, (7st Gibs), and who has only won a raco or two at tho Clarence, with a stuhle companion to beat, should give tho cele- brated daughter ot'Fisherman, considered at ono time «pul to The Borb, tho advantage of a pound. Seagull, flikeCossuck undBylong), is very fuvorably in, especially as compared with "tho' Melbourne Cup, whore, if my memory serves mc, sho lins 8st llb. Birmingham and Hainsworth, who ran the Loger distance together, with Sst 3!bs up, in only a second loss timo than tho great Fishhook, aro absolutely turned loose, and, ns both are wee horses, may bo considered vory fortunate. Bylong »nd Hambleton Hill, who also aro of high quality, aro much too favorably weighted, considering tho lumps of height they rcceivo from Yattendon, and tho way other. , horses aro treated. Bylong boat Yattendon in September," hst year, nt un allowance of 171bs off weight for agc, but is now to rcceivo an allowar.co of 191bs, judged by the I Mme scale; whilo tho winner of tho Maiden Plato beat Old England, who, at a difference of 3tbs only, boatBlair Athol; who run tho renowned Fishhook to a bead ; that lorm ought to bo good enough for anything. It is scarcely nccessury to go any furthor in fault finding, but i cannot understand why Phcobo is to givo Lady Kings- ton 2lbs, as I always thought Lady Kingston was con- quered the better of tho two, ns she certainly is, if thoro « anything in public form. Altogether, tho Handicap to wo remarkably unsatisfactory, ' " , s VAUBAN, BíuncyjJiuao Slat, 1867. , ' 