T^E KAPUNDA HERALD. Friday, April 5th, 1867. ODtfi AGRICULTURAL YIELD. The summary of the result of the labours of the agricultural statistic collectors has been laid before the public, and the facts and figures therein contained are sug gestive of much useful thought, and afford good ground for self-gratulation. It is very pleasing to find that the total yield for the Colony is very nearly double that "of the preceding season, the figures being 6,410,865 bushels this season against 3,587,800 bushels last year. - True there is an increase of acreage, but that is of com paratively small extent- the area in cultivation under wheat last season being 410.608, and 447,331 acres this year-an increase .of 36,723,. the average pro duce per acre being in 1865-6 8 bushels 44fbs., and in 1866-7 14 bushels 201bs. This excessiye produce will go far to make up for the low prices which have thus far prevailed, and will be the meanb of bring ing a large amount of foreign capital into the market-and indeed has already done much in that respect, the 30,000 tons of cereals exported thus far representing a money value of nearly £300,000. In former years when South Australia was blessed with abundant harvests, it fortu nately happened that our sister Colonies were so situated in respect to their yield as to afford a good market for our surplus produce. In 1864 the total yield of wheat was 4,691,919 bushels, and the total ex port of breadstuffs was 76,522 tons; in 1865 the yield was but 4,252,949 bushels of wheat, the'exports falling off to 60,513 tons-all of which, within a fraction, was taken by the four Colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, New Zealand, and Queens land. This year those Colonies have them selves been blessed with a good harvest, and it is believed that Victoria is altogether independent of any imports from this or any other Colony. This year we have another market-an exceptional ? one opened to us, by which our surplus produce will most easily be absorbed. The crops in England have been unprecedentedly poor, and so have many of the American crops, which causes have operated to force wheat to so high a price in the English . market as to make the speculation of send ing Australian wheat to England one of a tolerably safe character. The .assertion that agriculture is the foremost-interest in the land is well sup ported bv the statistics of the present year. The total yield in tons, estimating forty five bushels to the ton, is 120,243., which at the low average price of £10 per ton, is «qual to a productive return of £1,202,410 -a result not to be treated contemptuously in a colony of thirty years' growth. The question of how much breadstuff we can with safety export is now easily answered. Assuming, for argument's sake, that the increased acreage put in this year should be equal to the increase last year-wliich for various reasons we think .quite .un likely, one such being the falling off from the high prices obtainable in the early part of last season, which doubtless had much to do with the increased acreage of wheat this season-there would then be seed to provide for 490,000 acres, which would absorb about 740,000 bushels | and for breadstuff for home consumption, at saj six and a half bushels per head for a popu lation of 175,000, a reserve of 1,132,500 bushels would amply suffice-these to gether making a total of1,872,500 bushels, leaving- available for export a balance of 4,538,365 bushels, or 100,852 tons, of a minimum value £1,008,520. If we suc ceed in finding-a market for the whole of our available export, there is no doubt but that, financially .speaking, the Colony must soon be in a much better condition than she has been for some time past. While the Colony, as a whole, m»0 reason to be proud of and thankful for the | success which has attended the labours of | her agriculturists, the inhabitants of the County of Light may well be doubly proud of the important position which that County .occupies in all the staple interests-her mines are rich and numerous; her flocks are by no means despicable in number or quality j whilst her jield of cereal produce is, as heretofore, more than one-third of the entire product of the Province. There are within its boundaries eight District > Councils, four Hundreds, and a portion of a fifth. The following statement shows the acreage and produce in each: TV. ? , « . Acres. Yield. Avrge. District Councils of Angaston 11,919 190,136 16 ?Belvidere 17,042 239,075 14 Flaxman's Valley 3,153 56,590 18 Gilbert 22,418 344,333 15i Kapunda 14,822 215,582 14k Mt. Crawford (portion of) 59 780 13-t Stockport (portion of) ... 4,724 55,801 lit Tanunda .... 2,118 29.080 13$ Hundreds of- 4 Julia Creek 455 7,950 17i Light (portion of) 15,702 218,329 13£ Nuriootpa 1 26,496 421,630 16 baddleworth i5)96i 224,500 14 Waterloo 14 285 224,441 15J . 149,214 2,228,227 15 The acreage within the , county is a fraction over one-third of that sown in wheat throughout the Province, and the produce 2,228,227; bushels represents an average of 35 lbs. per acre beyond the general average of the whole Colony- viz., 14 bushels 55 lbs. for the Light, against .14 bushels 20 lbs. for the Province. There are four counties only which yield a greater average, and in these much of the land under cultivation is nearly, if not quite, virgin soil. Stanley averages 15A bushels j County Eyre, 15 bushels 26lbs.: County Robe, 23 bushels,- and County Grey, 19 bushels 33 lbs. But so much greater is the extent of wheat cultivation in this county, that had all the farmers in the other parts of the Colony devoted their I attention to other cereals than wheat the Province would have still been in the I position of having enough to supply her I | own wants, as regards breadstuff for the! [entire population, and a reserve of s;-e<i I wheat for 490,000 acres, and sriil had a balance available for export of 305 713 bushels, equal to 7 0S3 tons-of the uioiiev vaiue of £70,830. Admitting-, us did the members present at the late fYeeling demonstration, that farming is tbe paramount interest of the I Colony, does it not follow that the welfare of that portion of the Province which con tributes most largely to that result should | be carefully watched over and maintained t But what is the fact- although we so largely contribute towards swelling the value of exports" from the Colony, the whole of the northern counties are less I suitably provided with roads and bridges to facilitate the transit of that produce than any other portion of the Colony, and with the exception of the railway there has been but a very small amount expended j in public works far north of Adelaide. This is partly the fault of the northerners themselves, in returning men to represent them in Parliament whose natural predi lictions were in favour of the South j but having seen the error of such a course, we trust that in fixture the northern districts as a whole will return members from amongst those who reside and have an interest in the respective districts they re present, in which case we may hope that the undeniable importance and wealth of the northern districts may lead to some thing like a commensurate share of the public money being expended therein. THE Revs. W. M. Bennett and D. S. Wylie, late ministers of this Wesleyan circuit, left Kapunda for their respective new stations on Saturday last-the for mer going to Clare, and the latter to Wallaroo. The circuit has now been divided into three, and of the central one the Rev. Mr. Bath will take charge. Our Bible Christian friends are also about to have a change, the Rev. Mr. Roberts being transferred to Gawler, his place in this circuit being taken by the Rev. S. Keen. We hope that our late Eapunda clergy may be as much respected and as useful in their new sphere as they have been here, and that their successors may deserve and attain the same degree of general respect. IT has been ascertained that some gross frauds have been perpetrated in the Melbourne flour-market, inferior flour having been shipped in bags bearing the forged brand of Duffieid & Co., and thence exported to New Zealand, where the bad quality of the flour led to enquiries being made, which had the foregoing result. A BUSINESS meeting of the Farmers' Club was held at Mr. Crase's at the close of the Agricultual Society's Committee1 meeting on Saturday last, at which up wards of thirty members were enrolled, and great interest expressed in the pros perity of the Club. After a conversational discussion of the prospects of the Club, the meeting was adjourned for a fortnight tbe rules to be drawn up in the interim by the Committee. A Gazette Extraordinary was pub lished on" Monday last, containing the report of the proceeding of the Intercolonial Postal Con ference held in Melbourne in March, 1867, at which the following Colonies were represented Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Queensland, Tasmania, aud New Zealand. A memorial was addressed to the Queen praying Her Majesty to terminate or readjust the pre sent mail contracts, for the purpose of calling for tenders for a monthly mail by each of the three following ? routes-via King George's Soundj viaTorrea Straits, and via New Zealand and Panama, toward the maintenance of which the Colonies jointly would contribute an annual moiety not exceeding .£200,000, the estimated moiety being £197,000-towards which sum Victoria, New South Wales, and New Zealand would each contribute £50,000, Queensland £27,600, South Australia £15,500, and Tasmania £4,000. The South Australian mail via King George's Sound to be delivered by the ocean steamers at Kangaroo Island. On Friday last Mr. Morcom, late of the Temperance Hotel, was sentenced, by the ..Com missioner of Insolvency, to six month's imprison- - ment, for wilfully omitting to keep proper books, with a view to conceal the true state of his affairs. A second-class certificate was awarded, to be suspended for twelve mnnt.Tm, -; IN consequence of the water therein being allowed to get too low, the boiler of the engine at the^ Lyndoch Valley Mine burst on Friday last, inflicting injuries more or less severe on five men. A COMMITTEE meeting* of the Kapunda and Light Agricultural Society was held at the North Kapunda Hotel on Saturday last* for the purpose of settling the affairs of the late Show. There were present Mr D. Shannon (President), Messrs. H. T. Morris, Harvey, Rankine, O'Loughlin, Lewis, Wheare, Flavel, Gillow, and the Secretary (Mr T. Duell). After the minutes of the last meeting had been read, Mr Wheare rose and stated that he did not feel satisfied with the decision of the Judges of sheep at' the last Show. He said he had exhibited a pen of wethers, and the Judges had awarded him s second prize of 10/6, whereas the advertised list did not provide for a second prize, but that the prize (if any) should be £1 l/. He thought that as he was the only exhibitor, and as he was awarded a prize, it should be £1 1/. In reply to a question from Mr Harvey, the Secretary stated the Judges did not give in a written report. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr Morris, seconded by Mr Rankine, that Mr Wheare re ceive the prize as advertised, viz., £1 1/. Mr Wheare then brought forward another case in which he had exhibited a pen of sheep, which was not considered by the Judges worthy of a prize, and read their respective weights. The President ruled that as Mr Wheare did not dis pute the decision of the Judges the matter could not be discussed. Mr Rankine stated that although his cheese had been ticketed with the *prize' he had not received it. Resolved, that Mr Rankine receive the prize as advertised. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr Harvey, in future the Judges fiilj up proper forma with their decisions, and hand the same to the Sec retary. Several accounts were brought forward and passed. The time for holding the general meeting was fixed, and ordered to be advertised. On the motion of Mr Morris, seconded by Mr O'Loughlin, the sum of five guineas was voted to Mr Duell in recognition of his sevices as Secretary. A unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to the Treasurer (Mr Lewis) for his services in that capacity during the past year. Both gentlemen having acknowledged the com pliment-expressing their willingness to do any thing in their power to advance the interests of the Society-the meeting adjourned. On Friday night Mr. T. H. Clar&son; delivered the second of his "Friday Evening Recitals" at Crase's Room. The audience though but small was considerably in excess of that present on the former occasion; and judging Ironi the satisfaction and pleasure expressed during the course of the evening by those who were present, we think we may safely assert that the attendance will continue to improve as Mr Clarkson's attainments become m~>re widely known. The subject of the recital was one of Hicken's Christmas Carrols-"The Ghosts of Christmas, Past, Preseat, and Future," wbioh was exceedingly well rendered, some portions with reference to Tiny Tim being peculiarly pathetic, wliilBt the delineation of Scrogg's nephew iand old Fizziwig were joyous as possible. We can warmly recommend all who wish to indulge in the laughter which the humours of the Pickwickian fraternity always call forth, to be present to night, as we see by the notice issued, that Mr Clarkson invites his'friends on this occasion to spend "An Evening with Pick wick." A LARGE amount of business was transacted at the fortnightly meeting of the Central Road Board on Tuesday last. With reference to the cutting at Taylor's Gap, the work at which had been thrown up by the con tractor (Mr A. Bruce) on the assignment of hi* estate, the Superintending Surveyor stated that Mr Bruce has taken the work for .£200 less t.hart he estimated the cost; and Messrs. Halletft, Everard, and Bright stated that he had been much deceived as to the nature of the rock through which he had to cut. After some dis cussion, it was resolved that as the work was very nearly completed, the assignees (Messrs. Mullen and Crase) should be written to, inform ing them that although the work was now two monthB in arrears, still that if it were completed in three weeks the fine for delay would not be inflicted; and requesting them to inform the Board whether they would carry out the work. Letters were received from several of Mr Brace's workmen under this contract complaining of not having been paid ; in reference to which the Secretary was instructed to inform the men that the contractor had made an assignment of his estate. A number of tenders for various works were accepted, amongst others those of G. and R. E. Fry for making seventeen chains of road at Allen's Creek, on the Kapunda and Truro Road, £438; three tenders from D. Maenamara, for making sixty chains of road near Biverton, £706 6s. 9d.; for cutting and making about seventy-five chains of road between Auburn and Leasingham, £1,186 4s. lid.; for raising floor of bridge and sundry improvements on sixteen chains of road through Auburn, £361 13s. 8d. 5 and for making about sixty chains of road north-west of Taylor's Gap. G. Keleher, £868 lis. 3d. AN accident occurred on Tuesday night which, although unattended by loss of human life, resulted in the loss of two fine horses. It appears that a German, accompanied by his son, whose names we have not ascertained, was on bis way home, which compelled him to cross the Lights below the Catholic chapel; the boy being asleep at the time, and the old man driving, from some cause or other the horses got on the wrong track, and instead of crossing at the usual place, walked right into the deep waterhole which lies to the right of the ford. The consequence was ? that it was with the greatest difficulty that the father and son could extricate them selves-indeed that, we understand, the boy was in the water some time, during which he received one or two kicks from the struggling ) horses, which were both drowned before they . could be got out. MESSRS. COBB Co. started a new and rather spicy-looking turn-out for the Burra on Monday last, surmounted by three first-class large lamps, which will certainly prove a con venience to the drivers and a safeguard to the passengers in the hours preceding daylight sub sequent to the departure from the Burra. ACTIVE steps are now being taken for getting up Sixpenny Readings in connection with our Institute. We believe that the Rev. Mr Smyth took an active part in establishing the same at Mount Gambier, and there they have proved very successful-the whole of the proceeds going to the Institute funds, inasmuch as the various readings, &c.;, are given' gratui tously. By the Mount Gambier Stan&yrd; we learn that on the evening of the 26th Marchone such was given, at which the receipts were £5 15/6. To give an idea of the nature of the proceedings, we subjoin the programme of thai: evening:-"No. 1 Song-* Lily Dale'; 2 Read ing-*Mr Pickwick's First Night in a City Prison'; 3 Song--4 Would I were a Boy again 4 JDuet-''The Minute Gun at Sea'; 5 Song * The. Old Arm Chair'; 6 Beading-' The Bridge of Sighs'; 7 Song-' Ellen Bayne.* Interval of live minutes. No. 1 Glee-' Ye Gentlemen of England'; 2 Reading-'Mrs. Brown's Visit to the Polytechnic'; 3 Song-(Comic Scotch); 4 Beading-' House Hunting'; 5 Song-4 Johnny SandB'; 6 Song-' Cottage by the Sea'; . God Save the Queen!'" We are in a position to state that the first, entertainment of this kind mil take place in a week or so, of which full particulars will 'shortly be given. We had an opportunity yesterday of inspecting two other pieces of casting from the foundry of Mr Hawke, of this township, at the shop of Mr Hardy, who was busily engaged performing the decorative part gilding, &c.; The castings in question are the weathercocks to surmount the towers of the Baptist Church, one of which indicates the direction of the wind when North and South, and the other when East or West. WE are happy to learn that the man who sustained such serious injuries to his arm, by the late accident in the sawyers' department of the; Kapunda Mine, is now progressing favourably, and that the arm will not have to be amputated, unless an unfavourable change takes place. BY a notice in another column it will be seen that the settling for {the Kapunda RaceB will take place at Host Wiltshire's on Monday evening next. A mekting of the proprietors of the Wheal. Barton Mine was held at Nuriootpa, at the hous£ of Mr Bock, Angas Park Hotel, on Wednesday last, Mr Minck in ^ the chair. There were ten shareholders present. T^e prospects of the mine were discussed, and the opinion seemed to be that the only thing re quired to make the mine payable was increased capital. It was stated that negotiations were now going on with the propriet its of the land for an extension of the lease for a term of four teen. years; and if successful, a larger work ing capital will then be at once raised. A warm discussion took place as to the best means of compelling three" or four shareholders who are in arrears with their calls to at once pay up. Strong language and strong measures were used and'recommended, and the matter was left in the hands of a Comnittee of five to take de cided >tepB in the case. A few other routine: matters were discussed and settled, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. We have to record the sudden decease of Mrs. Jane Purcell, aged seventy-five years, whose death resulted yesterday morning from an apo pletic attack. It was at first intended to hold a Coroner's inquest, but subsequently Dr. Blood saw deceased, and gave a medical. certificate as to the cause of her death, which rendered such a pro ceeding unnecessary, he having attended the de ceased for about twenty attacks of the same nature, to which she was subject. Deceased was one of the oldest residents in Kapunda, having taken up her abode here upwards of twenty-one years since. From what we heard of the circumstances of the case, it appears, that on the preceding day the old lady took tea with Mrs. Carter, and though, she complained of having been unwell in the early part of the day, she appeared to be cheerful and hearty during her visit there. From Mrs. Carter's she went to her house, which she occupies alone. On the Thursday morning one of her grandchildren (young Trevena) called to leave her some things, but could not make her hear, and told her neigh bour, Mrs. Partridge, of it She went to the house, and on looking through the window ascer tained that deceased was not in bed. She then tried the doors, and on opening the front door found deceased laying dead on the floor in her nightdress, the probability being that she felt the attack coming on and tried to reach the door, but failed to do so. Wb understand that the shops in the Ma5n-etreet occupied respectively by Messrs. J1 P. MoyJe and G. Thompson, have changed bands for the 6um of £2,000, Mr James Crase being the purchaser! Mr Moyle's lease of these premises has ;stiU five years to run. Another property in the Main-street also changed hands on Saturday last, the Miners' Arms and adjoin ing cottage having been knocked down at auction to. Mr Coombs for the sum of £1,250. 