A CHOLERA INCIDENT. 'The f St. Louis Times' relates tho following extraordinary story On one of tho streets running parallel with Broadway lived a mar ried couple who had not travelled together vory smoothly since tlioy had been mado ono flesh. The husband, though not a bad man. occasionally took a drop too much, and on such occasions happiness was tho exception in the housohold. Tho wifo had $1000 in greenbacks, which sho had saved and always carried with her, and being the master spirit of the firm, she would not allow it to bo en croached upon, but on tbo contrary to aug ment it. Tbo wifo todk the cholera, and the husband, obtaining a permit, bad her sent to tho city hospital. It is not knowo that he accompanied her thither, though he must have visited her. One morning, tho nurse being out of tho room for somo timo, ho re turned to the bedside of the poor woman and discovered her, to all appearances, dead.' Tho doctor was notified and mado his observation. No pulsation of tbo heart, no breathing, nothing to dissipate tho illusion was dis covered, and tho disciplo of iEsculapius pro nounced her— dead. Sho was forthwith dis robed, placed in the rough coffin furnished by tho city, and conveyed to tho dcadhouso. For four hours she lay, apparently a corpse, with all tho surroundings of death. After the shadows of night had closed in, the watch man took a look into tho room to see that all was right. From tho inside of ono of tho coffins a pcrcoptiblo knocking was heard. Superstition seized him ; he slammed tho door after him, and went to notify other parties of tho mysterious rapping, and several accompanied the man to tho temporary re- ceptaclo .of the dead. When the door was opened & sight met tbo gazo of tho party which undo tho roots of their hair tingle, and caused them to feel a weakness about the knees. The " corpso" had raised the lid of the coffin and was sitting bolt upright in it. " Where am I," says she. Tlio mattor was explained to her briefly. Filled with anger, illocss having seemingly departed, sho let loose the flood of hor passion at the idea of being enclosed in such a contcmptiblo recep tacle. Sho had $1000 when sho went to tho hospital, sho said, and demanded to know wlioro it had gone — that amount would havo given her a decent sopulturo. The atteudant9 wore unable to explaiu the whereabouts of tho missing money, and tho woman demanded to bo restored to herself onco more that sho might pursue the thief who hnd robbed her, and to secure her body, if sho wcro to die, decent burial. Tho " resurrected" ono was helped out of her narrow prison liouso and token to a more genial chamber. But hero another difficulty arose— her clothes had been destroyed. Suitable apparel, however, was soon furnished, and on finding herself onco zaoro of tlio llcsh and blood, sho insisted on starting at onco in search of her husband, who she thought — and perhaps correctly— was consoling himself with her $1000, and tlio idea that somo other daughter of Evo would consolo his lonely hours. Tho surgeon, ob serving that Madam was comparatively well, and thinking that it might do her more harm 0 retain her than permit her departuro, had the iron gate open for her exit. Darkness hod set in ere she reached bcr husband's plnco of domiciliation. Sho knocked at the door and her husband opened it. With oyes fairly start ing from their sockets he gazed ; words failed hint; he was paralyzed with fear at the sup posed apparition. . At length tbo wife de manded why be bad robbed her, insisting at tho same timo that she was not dead — as lie no doubt hoped sho was — but be would find it harder than that to got rid of her. Tho hus band was too astonished, horrified, to believe his eyes, and be begged the " ghost" to loavo; she might havo tho money, hut, for God's sake, to go away and not destroy him. At this tho man, with fear and trembling, banded her tbo missing money, which she took. But she was not to be driven from her home, and with a push she oponcd tho door and ontercd tho house. Sho had no sooner dono so, than her husband, minus coat and lint, rushed out of the back door into the yard, and over the fence, and that is the last that either bis wifo or his friends have eccu of bim. 