alleged misconduct of the police. 3 'iBr-This morning, whitBt reading 'bo garbled : Hutment which llr Hill, Superintendent of Police, | Osie it the Police-court on Friday, referring to a | circumstance which my letter had reference to, com | flsiaicg of tbe misconduct; of the police, and ap I fa'iog in the Star on the 10th of March, your j 'tilers must conclude that the whole matter' has j Ka thoroughly investigated, and that the charges j liii in my letter against the constables could not be i 'sfcusntiattd. Now, tir, in order to disp.buse the | [stlicmindo( the false impression which Mr Hill's | oot-iiJtd statement made on your readers, I feel it ■ to be a duty which I owe to the honor of truth and | luiice, and my iuturecareer on Ballarat aa a citizen, 5 tolay bare the whole lacta of the case, and let the | Wic he [ijg judge, aU(i by their decision I am i | P'fUied toj etand or fall. I should never have I i "Copied to appeal to the presB a Becond time upon ! (object, had Mr llill afforded me the same i I Wmuoity to make my statements bb he claimed j 'jf the police, and I shall ho able to prove that | was not the case, by referring to the inter j that I had with Mr Hill, at his own office. \ I feel consoled with the impression j JMt the public will view the matter in an impartial | i®- is loon bb my letter appeared in the Star, | Nmplainigg of the conduct of tbe pol ce towards ( Mr ililUent me a letter, of wbich the following j 1,1 correct copy; • "Mice Department, Superintendent's Office, j "Ballarat, 11th March, 1867. i i ,'!V-Relerring to your letter in the Star of this ■ C0IaPla'oing of the conduct of the police ? i,. ^011F,e" 0D 'he night of the 2nd instant, I \ uf10 re1®est y°u at.your earliest convenience 4 lo arrange for an enquiry into the Bub :: |j °' y^ur complaint, for which I am prepared to ; S Jdu every facility. I am, Bir, your most t '-^dient servant, | i,. "James Hill, Superintendent, j Olirer, Criterion Hotel, Bridge street, ' 'hia request, I went to Mr Hill's i oe'st ^oUpvring day, aa he wished to see k ny earliest convenience, but he was not to Hill i? *wa9by ono °1 the officers that Mr k a» gone to viaitoac of the outward stations, tl!S. ss..sut't0 be home to-morrow, and if I would lend i t v bim that I could not possibly at %''aM PutP0Se|i t0 8" to Melbourne the next *ho »ii as ^ ^ a^' my witnesses then ou Ballarat jj[0 the whole affair, I wished to go Peciallv miltH bE{ote * went t0 t0WQ» es" liate LnS on.e my witnesses was about to "ton m! '1 a diy ot ^o. The offices urged cilsilj P°8Bible, to see Mr Hill to- morrow. I £o4co«in ^ca8.6,arran8cd matters in my mind, M e, ^'lnB to Melbourne for another day foi;OB' ^ with the officer to see Mr Hill the Uvjjlf f ,/• M a very great disadvantage to *11 mv „•? a8Bin the second time and brought talent ani ea8es w'^ me- Mr Hill was again i\ mi,... , ot t0 found. I felt ao much annoyed tllat ^ declared that I would not i eoin»» ti8Pem*inS two days over the matter RUnttEM wh>,tr0Uble» exPen6B of bringing '"otEtnert i ,me' ■ After this, as far aa I was ftjjtino; ."determined to let the matter drop, 'Wta wppb f ,r no more about it. Mr Hill Jltetona nf „ •lllB tenewed the aubject again l«at, f„n, J principal witnesBBB had left Bal* a constable to pay lodgings to say that Mr Hill wished to see me at hia office. I went the following day and saw Mr Hill for the first time. After I had reminded Mr Hill that I had been at his offioe twice before with my witnesses at a very great inconvenience to myself and others, he made me an apology by saying that he was very, sorry that he was not present when I called, and hoped that I should bring the matter to a point then. I told him that I could not do it satisfactorily, as one of my wit nesses had left Ballarat and I did not know where he waB gone, and under these circumstances I thought the best way waB to overlook the matter. That I had no malice in my heart towards the police, nor the slightest disposition to punish the men, although I felt at the time that I wbb roughly handled; the police, like other men, I Baid, were subject to mistakes and errors. Sir, under these circumstances, I appeal to your judgment and to the rationality of an enlightened thinking public was it fair for Mr Hill to seiie upon an opportunity knowing that my principal wit ness had left, to bring, then, the case at the police court.? Had he not bad the oppor tunity to do so before there would have been soma excuse for so doing. I think your readers must Bee that I gave Mr Hill every chance to investigate the matter whilst I had my witnesses in Ballarat. Now, | does not this, to say the least of it, look like taking advantage of me alter I was ahorn of my strength by losing my principal witness ? Then to sub poena me at the police court single-handed to give evidence against three policemen ? j Were I disposed to press the charge, what chance had I left, singlehanded, to substantiate the charges againBt the constables? The very nature of the circumstance itself, with the additional weight of influence that a policeman carries with him in giving his evidence before a bench ot magistrates, over and above a civilian, especially when you have three to one against'you, sounds preposterous in my ears to think that I should have a ghost of a chance to make my case good. However, as I was Bubposnaed, I went to the police court. When the case was called I entered the wit ness-box, and asked his worship if he would allow me to make a few remarks belore putting me on my oath. Ho kindly consented. I said since the cir cumstance transpired to which my letter had a re ference complaining against the conduct of the police, I had heard ot mitigating circumstances connected with the matter of which I had no knowledge at the time, that would ad mit of a more charitable construction than I entertained at first. And with this view of the subject and my present feelingB, knowing the police were not angels more than ourselves, I was not dis posed to press the charge; Btating most emphati cally at the same time, if they were determined to press the matter, there was my letter and by .it I waB determined to stand, Mr Hill rose at once and suggested that the case be postponed for a week to give me, he said, an opportunity to bring my witnesses together, although I told him before I knew not where they were. Had I been the pro Becutorin the case instead of witnesB I should have advertised for them and brought them to my aid if possible. But as it was not the case, what bad I to do in the matter? Did Mr Hill chink chat I was such a novice as to go to the expense of advertising and subpoenaing witnesses to assist him in protecting the police ? What would be the result if I had done so, and then refused to pay their expenses on the ground that I was a witness in the case instead of prosecutor? I should subject myself at once to an action at law for costs. Sir, as far as my memory serves me I have laid the facts of the case before your readers respecting tbe matter to which my letter had a reference, and tbe action Mr Hill took in the case, now I ask, in all fairness, waB Mr Hill war ranted, last ^Friday, in the Police Court, in saying, in the absence of every witness, not one of whom bad ever been examined, that he had enquired into the matter and found that tbe police were perfectly justified in doing as they had done? Now, if your readers can concur in this statement, I will how in bumble submission at tbe bar of public justice, as a criminal who deserves to be hung in Historic gibbets by the Press for having made assertions which I cannot prove. If on the con trary, then I have your response by saying that Oliver played the part of a man instead of a fool in not allowing an officer of the constabulary to Bwing him to and fro like the pendulum of a clock at his will. Let justice, truth, and mercy be the motto, guide, and polar star of every public officer of the Crown. By inserting the above, you will oblige, Youib, &b.;, J as, Olives, Ballarat East, 6th March. 