THE CROSS OF THE, CRAG ; OR GRATITUDE EVEN TO &ARTERDOM.; ? v ? In the year 1837, Mr. and Mrs. Wainwright, an .American couple, who possessed fortune, outwore childless, visited Europe, and made what is eallud ' the grand tour,** and in the coutBe of three yearo made themselves personally familiar with its splendid capitals, romantic scenery, and mom oienaorable localities. . Towards the close of their stay they visited Ireland, on their journey home them acquainted with a poor Irish family by the flame of rVfulloyY which consisted of a widow atid her two children—Thomas, a bright, active lad of f urteen, who was his mother's. sole. support ; and. Nora, a remarkably beautiful and winning girl of ten. The circn matancea of the family were of abj eot wretchedness, and partly from 'compassion and partly from th ir admiration of: 'Nora, they pro paged to adopt her as their daughter, and take her with them to the United States, whither the widow proposed to follow them with her sop, as soon as he 'became of age, when he was to inherit a certsfa small property, and would be better able to make his way in a new eoustry. From what she had seen and heard of, the Wainwrighta, Mrs. Mulloy was convinced taat Nora would be in kind hands, aad Teceive advantages of education which her own humble oircurnstances rendered impossible to af ford —Therefore, for Nora's good, she consanted to seven years; separation; and, with an aching but trustful heart, witnessed her departure for the far land beyond the western watars. The WainwrightB. were true to their charge Nora received a fine education, sooa ri tie tied into the bloom of womanhood, and reciprocated the affection, she inspired, while retaining her devotion to the Catholic faith, which had been deeply in utilled into her young mind, and waB the dearer to her because it was her mother's. On their return to the States, the 'VVainwrights first resided in Cin cinnati, but in a few^ years they moved to a more distant city, where Nora became acquainted with Neil Desmond, one af her own countrymen, a young man of good appearance and estimable qualities, whose Pretestarit proclivities were the only drawback to the love they soon entertained for each other. ... Neil was a mechanic, and dwelt id the suburbs of the city. One evening, when he. hac been seen to receive name three months' wages, while on his way home over a lonely by-road, he was beset by half a dozen footpad*, who demanded bis money, and on bis refusal and resistance, knocked him down, end would have robbed and murdered him but for the sudden arrival of a powerful, stranger, who quickly disabling one of the villain*, with a stout stick, seized his pistol, and the;), made such good use of his two weapons that the fellows fled, and Tom Mulloy — such w*b the 'name he gave — accompanied Neil Desmond vafely hem?. For this brave and signal service, Neil swore eternal gratitude He iound that hia preserver hud been but a short time in the country ; that he lived hear him with his muther, in obscure quarters, and had but just obtained employmeat. /Neil assisted him as much aB Tom, who was proud-spirited, would per rail ; but when a month's rent had b^en due, the landlord, who was an inn-keeper, named Redmond M'Allister, rudely ejected Mrs Mulloy from the tenement, while Tom was temporarily absent frcm the neighbourhood, Sha bad been iu feeble health, and as, at the time she waa thus brutally turned out of doors, there was a driving rainstorm, she t«t«k a sold, which became a fever, atid within a week To in laid her in the grave. - The freczied grief of Tom may be imagin^a''; and an opportunity was soon offered to him for vengeance. The heartless landlord was .a man utterly devoid uf principle. His inn Was the haunt of the lowest characters, and there robberies and disturbances often took place. Many a poor, man tbeie frequently spent or lost his last dollar, through the combined agencies -of fraud at the gaming table and drugged liquor at the bar. The innkeeper himself was the prince of rogues, and one night at the tavern he engaged in play and drink A man named James Haggetty andejutrived to tub him of all his money. - When tl e deluded victim came to his senses, «nd. was ?tcre'ly informed how he had been wroiiged, he resolved upon a fearful retribution. Not far from the tavern he owned a small piece of land — It wax partly ^pen ground »r.d 'partly woodland, and on one side there were highlaEds that overlooked it Under p'reUrice. of. Eeiling this land to McAllister, Haggerty periuadei him to go with h in to a cer tain crag, from which lonely eminence thej su'v.-vtd tbe pio^er y, a«d wttile they wtr« h'-ttrgaining Haggerty pressed upow his eiumv the ci'ueiu» tt'a fla k of I quor. Al'Alli-ter drank freth, aud ia s short lime btCAine insensielc— lifthss ! Htf-tx pirett in gftat agony at the verge of tbt »ieep crsjj, fur the liquor had been impregnated with a deadly puiscn. Hagge:ty gjized with somt ixultntsoti upon tke la*t ^a.sp of the man who had riiinei him, but then tbe Bight of the corpse inspired iinii with fear; *ncl nuw he suddeiily uoncuiveti another pro ' jeet no le-s uicked, is order to shiit the rtat,..n»i bli'.y of the murder fruni hiu. e It. He kuew that Mulloy had sworn v^n^fsnei ou the iitiikecper, who had been the caut-e o: his inothei's dentn, aud hu . hauteced ia starch of him. He found Tom in ct-iiipaHV with Neil Desmond., anj drawing iiim aside, alter ii fl.miKg his patsiorib anew by tfffcctiug allusions lo his -.ootiui, he wliispercdt . '? Now is yonr time for revenge, The devil is now in a drunken sleep on the brow of the cug It is steep ana full sixty feet high. Co.-- e with trie and throw him over, and he'll not live ;to say he did not mi^6 his footing and fall to- the death he deserves,' . . . ',. . .. ?/ - .-?:.??.. i ?????' ? ? Oh the spur, of the momen, Tom went with Haggcrty, and sqeing the tiody ;iipparentiyaaiecp.' he. raised it in :nn nistaht and hurled it t3 tiii; rocks beliow, where ii lay ;a nvangUd-.and blood - mass. . ' Tufnipg to consult whh H -lggerry, 'Tom found that he hud. fl^d, ai.d now. the -horrid., suspicion flashed upon him that Hcggerty, to. sate hiasjeli; had gone lo beiray him 'Andlair.ong stranger?, and without rubney to buy a lawyer. What shall I do 1 Oh ! Noriv, dear ! even had I bad lime to find vou, hew could I.now,cnuie to yon with tht blood of murde? on inj booI and tell ye to befriend me? No ! thoujib it was tq;-avenge onr poor mother that I did \\- Thia double misfortune would break your hea't. What will I do but leave tbe country, without hw of time?' At this moruont Neil appeared. He had t*ee- Torn to go away with Haggerty, in whose Iof.fcf thoro was something he disliked, and had dot* come to learn the cause of his sudden absence. Palo;and shuddering, Tom pointed to the body at the- foot of the orag, and tola nim wnai ne nai. done. ..;'???' . 11 Remember, Neil,'* said he, hurriedly, *?' I saverl your life, onee, and you swore t» he grateful. Aid in saving-ire : I' will at once fly and get passage home tp Iteland. Gro you down now and utand-'hy' the bo.dy. Let them find yoa there. Appear you guilty'rr-dou't deny the murder. It will remove suspicion from me till T atn safe upan ihe ocean. In Ireland I will lears the news, and if I fiad that you are in danger, I will send my canfession of tha murder. That may stay proceedings ; and if not, may I never see paradise but I'll come myself to save yon. Do you belii ve me I Will you do it?' Neil premised. They embraced Before the cloae of that day, both Mulloy and Haggerty had disappeared from, the vicinity. With/; heavy heart Neil Desmond went down to the base of the crag and stood over the corpse of the innkeeper. The remains were dreadfully muti lated, the clothes and weeds around Boaked and spattered with gore, and on the chalky face was tbe expression of intense pain, which the dying man had suffered froai the poison administered by Haggerjty. . ' ? 'God's will be donel' sighed Neil ;.' and pardon we all need. Speed be to the flight of poor Tom. He saved me in a perilous hour; aud he had sore distress to do this thing. I'll not betray him. It'll stand to my faith and gratitude whatever betide ^but, -*h 1 what will Nora think of me how ?'»' While, thus absorbed, he heard voices above. He looked up to the head of the precipice, and saw bo ra e of bin neighbors peering down at him. McAllister had been missed, and they were hunting for hjm--:'-In a few moments they had descended, and murmurs of suspicious horror escaped them. Blood' was upon Neil's bauds, for he had taken hold'of the body in as effort to straighten the bent and broken limbs. He was charged with the murder— he bad been known to express his hatred of the man ever since Tom'8 mother died— and he made no denial. He was arrested, and at the pre liminary examination, as he maintained perfect silence .and made no attempt to refute anything that was said, be w.ts charged with throwing the innkeeper from the crag, considered puilty of murder, and sent to prison to await his trial. When it became known ia Nor;i Mulloy— or Nora WaiBwri«ht, as she waa called — that Neil Desmond was in j til on a charge of murder, ahe at first refused to believe that it could be her lover, as there were several families of that name in atid around the city. But, unable to endura the un certainty, she hastened in great agitation io the 'priopn, sbdithere, at his. cold and miserable cell, her .worst fears were confirmed/ ' Thte influence of 8;vfe faiKily . was such tha'. ahe was periniud to spoik with him: alone. 'Oh [Neil ! Neil !' sobbedlNora, ' it isn't pos sible vcru' are guilty I They tell me you have not said you were. Say you were opt, and I'll belifveyou.' Bui though his lip quivered with the terment of her suspicion, be remained speechless. ' *' What cauld have been your motive?' she sighed, now believing a possib lity. Had thia man wronged you in any way ?— and, Oh ! if he had, what madness possessed you,— who have always seemed so gentle hearted,— so to peril your hopes of happiness, here and hereafter? So to bring dis grace upon your name ! So to cut off for ever all hopeB of our union! Oh, if yi'o loved me, Neil why didn't you thiuk of that ?'' - '? Hiily powers!' muttered Neil; wringing his hands and pacing up and down hia narrow cell; I cannot stand this. I could bear the worl /s ill opinion, bear hanging, fer To,a'x'8-ke, but no' such a .--usp cion from her. .!? wonder could ahe keep a secret?' -.--''' ; He paused and looked at her steadfastly. 'Nsra, dear,1' said he, ut last, ' I believe you're a wom.ai of truth, devotion a:id firmness, aud I'd t,.ke your word before any man's boud. any day; but there's something inside here that's no ordinary matter,«be sure^ ana I'd like to have the consolation :'of ?your.;'s- tjipat'yrthe ce'-t.icit, the blesoeil honor ot -your'good opinion ; but, before I ean gain it, I u,ust luve the solemn oath of your secrecy — that -ou'l! never lisp « word, or irake a sign, or tike a ftcp in »Hy wav, lo m.ikc known to another wnai i will sa) — jr, I'll !e«ve 5t u said, and die, daub, with stdin of uuti*rence up.-n tne.' Norn, thus aij:ued, took oath that she would not reveal i.tvl Neil novr rulati'd th.. circuir.st njce-. with l\\-in — ihe pre.serv»tion ot his life— th« cleat! of hU' mother — hi» n»ts- i g u she c:aj-— his pr: - tui*e to stand httwen him -»nd ju pici w till be bid «?» ed eut of reach. The circuitiB *nce8 thus r.lated inspired Not a with an increased horror. She had heard thv name of rho-uas Mulloy. Cuuld i: hi her uw.i brothe , and was it her uioUe ulioha.l d:ed tl,u- sudiienK '.'{-. She had henid of th-ir iuivnt t^ go to A^ueiiua, bu- had not i xp' c fdl-ieir arrival ko -.oun.' She inq ii ed a* to ? -Tom'* u( jiCitttMCe, and tit ugh he ht.S. -an .'itile -o Neil ot his hisn.ry, .he *ai, c nvinc-d thai Ins fn,e ri'CDuld be no otuer inau her bivtbcrt for Nril d;6pla--d -\ nan which i'-in hat), givi-n li-r and Nora r.o^ui&ed; it it a one ahu iiad seen at heine in h.-r youth. : . Nora -:at dow:i tipon the wrelched, 'rick^'y p'alle of the -piigon'rr, and tried with '''auliWcatsiifr.1 solus , Her l.oVrr, shu n-aw, was innoceiit, but tbe f.'.ni oiium H'rf.s lemovVd truly to 'f-A'i upbrt her b;ot ei I Xh&i; byoLhtr, for whose coming &lu-; hni y-;a iiiii . for.-jveira:.' ?'tieh'a^ doubtkss uiade^som'.) i: q .i?i s . 1. r her, or ii' not, the)' had b«eudtf rud -by t ? Bidk'.:e'is of ih-tir luuther, aud the troubles a. n' ?*;-; upon her di^aih.^.' ^ri'il- how ' wheie' was !ia— a .!. ???what was he? A fjigiiive ?.?and-ja'-«tur-ln.-.,rf ;jj '? 'thought, driven by his rash act across the. '.w die 's' again, home to IieUtid, now hapk-as home to i' .,; mother and sister left beliiiwi, one in the graw, tte other ks8 happy than if there beside her* For a while ahe moaned ever these calaoiiiiea. %r\ii o.K she gradually grew calmer a new pang ?- filleted her generous npirit.— Her admiration of Neil's fidelity to his friend increased her angutib. - - tha* she, if she would shield her brother frorr sus DJcion, must see his grateful champion sacrificed, xnd he innocent. What, nhe reflected, wan her duty in the 'premises? It would have been hard t» yield to it.* demands and to have aided in the eonvictioo of the- guilty otae, even if she had not bound herself ?W secrecy by an oftth. But that bond had been iiven and she felt she could not violate the triut re (joscd in her. The silent faithfulness of Neil under he aiu-rna and tho piril, his willing endurance of the ' tedioiisness, lobelinesR and privations of the Orison-houae seemed to her a sublime example j «nd' when she dwelt upon tbe gratitude thu ex«tD nlified.'-and for whom these sufferings were V»orce, she loved Neil Desmond more than ever. ?' Dnring the remainder of that and sneceediwg in terviews; Nora's affection became more and more marked, and Bhe, almost his only friend, far more endeared to him ; but his resolution wsb fixed, atid even the thohght of losing life with such a guardiaa angel for its minister, did not once shake lus-flde« Hty. ??'.... . . A few days before his trial took place, Nore, overcome by the gloomy prospect which threatened him begged him to plead notguilty when he should be 'brought to the bar, and to stnte all thuf he knew of the intlrder, or at least, to absolve her from her osth. ' Torn must bo safe by this time/' she »»ie, 'and news may not reach him till too late. By* holding me to my oath, yon not only make year self 2) suicide, but me a murderess.' : ?' It is useless to plead, Nora, in this case,1* groaned Neil, his haggard face well showing his firmness 'no less th- in hia agony. Though Ton* prove falsej I will not. He saved my life when w«. were strangers ; and shall I do. leas for him, ,now that I am commanded by vgraiitude, and when I '?'kiiqw he is your brother ? Besides^ I trust-in God, and1 still believe that he will keep his promise, unleoB some unforeseen accident should prerent it.' The trial took place. Neil adhered to his pus pose. The evidence seemed conoluai»e. He was convicted and sentenced ? ta death. Nora Mulby was present at tbe trial, clad in deep mourning. The eyes of. the prisoner often met hers, as if warn~ ing her to Bileiice. All marked; the ghost- like whitene8B.of her wasted visage, and many knew of the Uwe she bi»re the doomed man; but non» guessed at the true elements of the serrow and denpair which kept those pale lips compressed and mute, and caused her. to fall senseless when -the sentence was pronounced. Several months intervened. *iH Nom vicitA* Neil, but no tidings came froti her brother. The day appointed for the execution was but three days distant, when intelligence did come to stay pro* ceedin^B,— but from another quarter than what had been imagined. This nows was in the shape of a dying oonfeaaioc, made by Jamea Haggerty, in Ireland, and witnessed by several priests aud magit* trates. The' document declared that he had pois oned the innkeeper, out of revenge; that the matt who;ji Mulloy had supoaed sleeping was already 'dead';' and that he, tiaggertv, had resorted to' hii artifice to avert duspiciun from himaelf. His firat thought, en 'ieaying MulJty had been to accuse him, fear led him .to adopt a naoje prudent policy, and without word to anybo iy he had fl'.d, and took paw age for Ireland, lu corroboratien of this story, he mentioned who sold the prison to him. — The pre sence of death alone had exterted.thij ackaewledg* ment. On the receipt of this novel document, a postpone, ment of the day of execution was ordered. The body of the murdered man waa exhumed, and surgical examination resulted ia the discovery, ia thestorrach, of a large quantity of arsenic, which the physicians were how of opinion, was the true CilUSe nf rlp.irh t unil in farHtamnna ~/ it.:-. opinion, two witnes«es were found who testi fied to having seen Haggerty put a white powder into lm flask, on the night prece ding the murder. They had however : thought nothing wrong ot it until now reminded of the cir» c mitanee. . These tardy bul important evidences were sup ported by the general belief, and a statement of tha particulars was. despatched to the Governor, with the reco.-nmerida'tioQ. that, a new. trial should be ordered or a pardon granted to Neil. But, atthia juncture, before an answer atr v«d, a new «en iatioa was created by the un -xpec ed arrival of Tom Mulloy. ??'?': \\) He, too, had; reached Ireland ia safety, and there heard of ihe t-lil 4u;i sentence of hia friend. la «e id uf writiig, he bad at once set about to coll*»£ money en'ongh to piy his expenses back, wildly ata-i::g .;» the reason that he wished ta return to b© haijg^a f r inurder, ' Tui'i wa» diabelieTed. The loss of his mother *.tx -.opposed to have crazed him. Forced from aboard h ship, and behaving like a luoatio, he ??has conaued in a hospital, from which, after i-atia:it witching, ho coHtrmd to escape and obtsia -!e-.ns to 'return and aave his equally faithful friend,, Neil Desmodd, The result of all was the speedy liberation of that ;ried ^inl true young mun and the populace bore inn an4 Mulloy , with shouts of triumph, from tha :.r son to the house ot the Wainwrights. where they left lover aud brother to Nors and their joy. The»W lentiotis oi a priest, winlu he was in' affliction, had jo won Ujjou.tue hejir. of IS il, that ere long he b«« came .* .Catholic, mid acceding to the forma of thai. Ciiuich, Ni-ra b came his bride; but not ba« f -re, iu . ig: ific*nt gratitude' to God for their de« ir'eriijce/tlie three caused a massive cross to be (ixai uiion.th.4.crai{,,wusrM it remains a memorial of Irish f.ith, in . roil.*,; on, ltr.e and friendship. : ? ' : f ?' .-'? ??? -~r-. ? . A deer got- upon tho u-ack' between Aflbnapy aud .i3.-t.it, ^re'eu\yich;.;]ljil , the other, day, before a train, ot cars- aiul for a iuh .i.:[e','ke]Jt clear q.£ .the-locitiiQ* ?tiv^i uuU then JasbeUfiiiij the forest again.. ,;. .,;?! .Feavs are eateit.dfaed :of a neyro insurrection 'ia sevctvU scciious ol; th.j S lUtlyund-funiilics'ureWovihg o iSt. Louis for -projection.. This negroes -.oii-.tJ-aorgia a c or^aaizlng clubs to s^ure obe noiui'uation of ncgr« caudidates at the approaching elections. 