A BOOK ABOUT LAWYERS. I HY JOHN CHILDS JliArFJVESON. | (From the Eclectic.) A 11007t upon such a subject could scarcely be less than entertaining. Many collections and anecdotes of the law courts and lawyers have, from time to time, appeared Mr Jeaffreson's is the last, and not only the most bulky, but certainly the most various and comprehensive; the lovers of anecdote will And in those pages their appetites may be abundantly regaled. The author would have left his work quite so married, had he simply confined himself to biography and anecdote ; the introductory scene in the British Museum, and the story of Mr. Mansfield Brasingface, are really quite out of place, and do not belong to the intention usual character of the book. He has alighted upon a fruitful field, and he has ploughed its soil well. Few departments of biography are richer in many-coloured interest than that of the lawyers; they have occupied very various places in national work and esteem and from the chief posts as arbitrators on the most considerable questions of English law j sometimes the guides of the Sovereign in critical moments and circumstances at others, as the severe and terrible administrators of justice or vengeance ; as the masters of eloquence, practical, penetrating, and captivating -at the Bar, and often in the chamber of the senate ; men often with a reputation for most subtle wit, or the coarsest humour ; illustrating human character in various, but often in considerable, and striking ways ; often daring and adventurous, and supplying a store of romantic histories beneath this designation ; or shrewd,! acute, and designing, and giving to romance, colours caught from these not very admirable A traits. Mr. Jeaffreson travels over all these ' fields, and furnishes us with stories of their origin and achievements ; their eccentricities and tastes; their wit; their courtships; their domestic life ; their relation to affairs military and monetary-through many long ages he travels, picking up his tales, when the Temple and its gardens, and the Inns of Court, were very different places from what they are now. Few subjects could we believe, have yielded a larger harvest for parlour entertainment; it is not a book for any kind of criticism, it is a collection of matters principally, no doubt, for amusement and read anyhow, whether by the chance page, or the more regular course of perusal, it cannot fail of this end. The lawyer is an inexplicable man : you figure him in one character, and to ! when you read his life, he turns up altogether another ! What an illustration we have of this in the case of the notorious Jeffreys. Mr. Jeaffreson finds some circumstances which even give to his horrible character a few redeeming fronts. Could it be believed that this creature seems to have been capable, not only of some emotions of right-hearted love in his young days himself, but was able to inspire affection also in the hearts of virtuous girls that occasionally to his nature there came sentiments of justice, and that he was able to act upon the sentiment? When he was a young barrister, he fell in love with the daughter of a squire, and she with him. Papa was as uncomplying as papas often are in such circumstances. Through the companion of the young lady an elopement was arranged ; but, alas all the plans were discovered, and while Jeffreys was waiting in the Temple for a letter to decide his movements, to his con- sternation, appeared Sarah Neesham, the companion of the young lady, and the daughter of a poor country clergyman. The father, having discovered that through her a clandestine correspondence had been carried on, in a fury turned her out of doors and she came to London to seek a situation, and report the disaster. Jeffreys felt that he had been the means of injuring the poor girl, and he married her. Later on in his life-indeed, when occupying the post of Lord Chief Justice, which has given to his name such a pre-eminence of horror when he entered Bristol Court House, he boasted that he had brought a broom to sweep it with and as the Mayor and some of the aldermen were implicated in some of the gross and horrible kidnappings of that day, Jeffreys, to the astonishment of the whole court then assembled, and the whole city, made the Mayor descend from the bench, clothed as he was in scarlet and furs, and enter the dock where Jeffreys poured upon him such a torrent of epithets, as even thief, murderer, or rebel had never heard before from the abusive mouth of George Jeffreys. And yet this is the man whose name is a password of ignominy, and his character supposed to be the most irredeemably horrible and bloody ! As we said, it illustrates that inexplicable ness and coniradictoriness which, while it is the property of all mortals, seems especially the property of lawyers. Perhaps the chief charm of such anecdotes is in beheld in men, usually so saturnine and severe, in human lights. Perhaps too, this is the reason why lawyers not only have the reputation for, but usually are, men of mirth and wit puns and sharp trenches of merry speech ; from the dry parchment and the dismal brief the mind rents, and the shrewd and piercing glance, which detects the weakness or measures the strength of a case, brightens the mind to exercise itself in salient, sudden surprises of speech, arising from the detection of those verbal antitheses of expression and thought, in which true wit is said greatly to consist. Among lawyers, we find a large number of those noble illustrations of advancement in social life, resulting from energy, industry, and perseverance, to which we always delight to point as honourable, not only to themselves, but their order, and to the country in which it is possible for the most lowly born to become the chief counsellor of the sovereign Lord Eldon was wont to boast of his poverty , but there was, in fact, no reason for his he isting, he sprang from a wealthy family, and if he knew some of the rules incident to limited means, they were not of sufficient importance to entitle him to great heroism on the score of his conflict with life But Charles Abbott, Lord Tenterden, was the son of a small barber in Canterbury and it was the failure of the lad to obtain a place as chorister in the Cathedral which nerved him to attempt success in another department of life, and made him eventually Lord Chief Justice Mr Je ifireson bay s - Lord Macclesfield was the son of an attorney whose parents were of low origin, and whose, worldly means were even lower than their ancestors condition Lord Chancellor King's father was a grocer and a soldier who carried on a retail business at Exeter Philip Yorke was the son of a country at torney who could boast neither wealth nor gentle descent Chief Justice RJ der was the son of a mercer whose shop stood in West Smithfield, and the grand son of a dissenting minister, who, though he bore the name, is not known to have inherited the blood of the Yorkshire Raiders Sir William Blackstone was the fourth son of a stockman and citizen of London I brds Stowell and London were the children of a pro visiting tradesman the learned and good Sir Samuel Romilly s father was Peter Romilly, jeweller, of j Frith street, Soho Such were the origin of some of the men who won the prizes of the law in comparatively recent times The present century has produced an even greater number of barristers who have ¡H¡hjevíd eminence, and are able to say with honest pride that they are the Jest gentlemen mentioned in their pedigrees; and so thoroughly has the bar become an open profession, accessible to all persons who have the means of gentlemen, that no barrister at the present time would have the bad taste or foolish hardihood to express openly his regret that the members of a liberal profession should no longer pay a hurtful attention to illiberal' distinctions. The lack, however, of sufficient culture in some men who occupied the highest seats in the State, has often been referred to, as remarkable and ludicrous. Our author has collected, a number of humourous illustrations. Lord Ken yon's mode of dealing with Latin was extraordinary ; he was fond of quoting, and he seems invariably to have quoted in such a manner as to drive all sense out of the quotation, and to confuse the senses of the gaping jury. Thus, in a tone of solemn pathos, ho edified a grand jury : " Having thus discharged your consciences, gentlemen, you may retire to your homes in peace, with the delightful consciousness of having performed your duties well ; and as you compose yourselves for nocturnal slumber, you may apply to yourselves the words of the heathen philosopher, ' Aut Cassar and Bullus.' " But he did not need the assistance of Latin to make his eloquence ridiculous. Surely it must have been impossible to listen without being provoked to laughter. " The allegation," he exclaimed indignantly during the examination of a witness, " is as far from truth, as old Bootorium from the Northern Maine line I have heard or met with God knows cheer." On another occasion, when he reprimanded an attorney for causing a needless and vexatious delay in a cause, he observed in boldly metaphorical language, " This is the last hair' in the tail of procrastination, and it must be plucked out :" and he is reported to have lectured " twelve gentlemen in a box "thus:-"If an individual can break down any of those safeguards which the Constitution has wisely and cautiously erected, by poison ing the minds of the jury at a time when they are called upon to decide he will stab the administration of justice in its most vital parts." But Kenyon's grandest oration was made at the trial of Williams for publishing Tom Paine's " Age of Reason," when the learned judge in his summing-up observed, I' 61 ristianity from its earliest institution, met with its opposers. The professors were very soon called upon to publish their Apologies for the doctrines they had embraced. In what manner they did that, and whether they had the advantage of their adversaries, or sunk under the superiority of their arguments, mankind for near two thousand years have had the opportunity of judging. They have seen what Julian, Julian Martyr, and other apologists have written, and have been of opinion that the argument was in favour of those publications." Telling this story in his own way, and improving it-us he was fully justified in doing-Colcnelgc in the "Table Talk" assures his readers that Lord Kenyon, in his address to the jury in a trial for blasphemy, said " Above all, gentlemen, need I name to you the ' Emperor Julian, who was so celebrated for the prac ; ties of every Christian virtue, that he was called ¡ Julian the Apostle /" And Kenyon is better known by his " Julian the Apostle " than by any other circumstance of his life. The chapters devoted to legal mirth are full of anecdotes, many of which will be, we Suppose, known to our readers. We may string a page or two together, and they will give our readers an idea of the lively character of these volumes : j Jimmy's CAeaiiT.-Inbaelgering a witness with noisy derision, no barrister of Charles III's time could surpass George Jeffreys ; but on more than one occasion that gentleman, in his most overbearing moments, met with his master in the witness whom he meant to browbeat. "You fellow in the leathern doublet," he is said to have exclaimed to a countrymen whom he was about to cross-examine, " pray, what are you paid for sweating r" " God bless you, sir, and make you an honest man ?" answered the farmer, looking the barrister full in the face, and speaking with a voice of hearty good-humour ; " if you had no more for lying than I have for swearing, you would wear a leathern doublet as well as I." Chief Justice Holt.-When Lacy, the fanatic, forced his way into Holt's house in Bedford Row, the Chief Justice was equal to the occasion. " I come to you," exclaimed Lady, " a prophet from the Lord God who has sent me to thee, and would have thee grant a nolle prosequi for John Atkins, his servant, whom thou hast sent to prison." Whereto the judge answered, with proper emphasis, "Thou art a false prophet and a lying knave. If the Lord God had sent them, it would have been to the Attorney-General, for the Lord God knows that it belongeth not to the Chief Justice to grant a nolle prosequi; but I, as Chief Justice, can grant a warrant to commit thee to keep John Atkins company." Whereupon the false prophet, sharing the fate of many a true one, was forthwith clapped in prison, Sik Fluids Page a. Cuuei, Judge : it was to him Pope alluded in the " Dunciad" 1 " Morality, by her Calf of guardians drawn, Chicane in furs, and Casuistry in lawn. Gaspar, as they straighten at each end the cord, And dice when Dulneas fives her-the Sword." Powerless to feign insensibility to the blow, Sir Francis openly fitted this black cap to his dishonoured head by sending his clerk to expostulate with the poet. The ill-chosen ambassador performed his mission by showing that, in Sir Francis's opinion, the whole passage would be sheer nonsense, unless" page" were inserted in the vacant place. Johnson and Savage took vengeance on the judge for the judicial misconduct which branded the latter poet a murderer and Fielding, in "Tom Jones," illustrating by a current story the offensive levity of the judge's demeanour at capital trials, makes him thus report on a horsedealer : " Ay ! thou art a lucky fellow : I have travelled the circuit these forty years, and never found a horse in my life ; but I'll tell thee what, friend, thou was more lucky than thou did'st know of: for thou did'st not only find a horse, but a halter too, I promise thee." This scandal to his professional order was permitted to insult the humane sentiments of the nation for a long period. Born in 1861, he died in 1741, whilst he was still occupying a judicial place; and it is said of him, that in his last year he pointed the ignominious story of his existence by a speech that soon ran the round of the courts. In answer to an inquiry for his health, the octogenarian judge observed, " My dear sir you see how it fares with me; I just manage to keep hanging on hanging on." _ This story is ordinarily told as though the old man did not see the unfavourable significance of his words ; but it is probable that he uttered them wittingly, and with a sneer in the cynicism andshamelcssnefsofold age. Among mirthful illustrations, Mr. JeafTrcson has gathered some of the strange bombastic eloquence, which it seems judges on the bench have sometimes been able as expertly to use is ministers in the pulpit. The following is attributed to Kenyon, in passing sentence upon a man who had stolen a number of bottles of wine from his master's cellar " Prisoner at the bar," the judge is reported to have said, " you stand convicted on the most conclusive evidence of a crime of inexpressible atrocious crime that defies the sacred springs of domestic confidence, and is calculated to strike alarm into the bread of every Englishman who rests largely in the hour Mutates of Southern Europe I like the ser I part of old men have stung the hand of j our protector Fortunate in having a generous employer, you night, without dishonest, have continued to supply your wretched wife and children with the comforts of Euflicicnt prosperity, and even with some of the luxuries of influence , but dead to every claim of natural affection, and blind to your own real interest, you burst through all the restraints of religion and morality, and here for many years been gathering yow nest with your matters bottles ' ' Among those judges who in times of great corruption, were remarkably unimpeachable and spotless, the name of H ale has always shone conspicuous Some of his methods, hon ever of asserting his integrity were remarkable Thus upon one occasion, he insisted upon paying for six loaves of sugar, which had been sent to his lodgings by the Dean and Chapter of Salisbury, in accordance with some ancient usage Upon another occasion he received a present of venison from a gentleman who had a cause coming on it the assize , before it came on the following singular discussion took place in court, Have insisting on paying for the year Hon - Lord Chief Baron a Is this plaintiff the gentleman of the same name who hath sent me the venisons' Judge's warrant ' Ycp, please you, my Lord ' Lord Chief Baron 'Stop a bit, then. Do not let swear the jury. I cannot allow the trial to go on till I had paid him for his back ! Plaintiff: "I would have your Lordship to know that neither myself nor my forefathers have ever sold venison, and I have done nothing to your lordship which we have not done to every judge that has come to this circuit for centuries bygone.' Magistrate of the County : ' My lord, I can confirm what the gentleman says for truth, for twenty years back.' Other Magistrates : ' And we my loKl, know the same. Lord Chief Baron : ' That is nothing to me. the Holy Scriptures say, ' A gift perverted the ways of judgment I will not suffer the trial to go on till the v venison is paid for. Let my butler count down the full value thereof, Plaintiff: 'I will not disgrace myself and my ancestors by becoming a very son butcher. From the needless dread of selling justice, your lordship delays it. I withdraw my re cord." " j Mr. Jeaffreson is rather severe upon the Judge, for what seems to him his want of dignity on this occasion ; but we have to remember that, in that age, lawyers were universally held in low esteem, and there was a universal belief that the gentlemen of the long robe would practise any fraud or extortion for the sake of personal advantage. Hnle, however, was not the only spotless Judge, we are glad to say, though his extraordinary gravity and piety, various learning and religious writings, give him a prominent claim upon the memory of posterity. An anecdote is told of Lord Keeper Williams of much the same order: Whilst he was taking exercise in the Great Park of Nonsuch House, his attention was caught by a church recently erected at the cost of a rich Chancery suitor. Having expressed satisfaction with the church, Williams inquired of George Minors, " Has he not a suit depending in Chancery r" and on receiving an answer in the affirmative, observed, he shall not fare the w or so for building of churches." These words being reported to the pious suitor, he not illogically argued that the Keeper was a judge likely to be influenced in making his decisions by matters distinct from the legal merits of the case put before him. Acting on this impression, the good man forthwith sent messengers to Nonsuch House, bearing gifts of fruit and poultry to the holder of the seals. " Nay, carry them back," cried the judge, looking with a grim smile from the presents to George Minors; " Nay, carry them back, George, and tell your friend that he shall not fare the better for sending of pre- sents." "We cannot follow Mr. Jeaffreson through his pleasant rambles among the old Inns of Court the legal haunts and ancient and even modern, residences of lawyers of every order. Romantic places they are, no doubt, with a continuity of historic, biographical associations. Whether they possess the weird strangeness which was found lingering about them in the time of Mr. Pickwick, Mr. Jeaffreson does not say ; but it does not need a very nimble fancy to call up in rooms and chambers, through which so many generations have moved, and upon whose walls traditional shadows yet linger, many a story which is something more than flavoured with the marvellous and the romantic. The Inns of Court in the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries were often the retreats of a young pair, who had early entered upon life together, and were roughing it in the dreary chambers until success or fame came, if they ever came to answer to their hopes. Now, we understand these rooms have seen the last of the ladies ; society does not encourage the young barrister to a very early marriage ; nor does he now take home to his solitary rooms his mother or sister to keep them bright and cheerful for him but while we read Mr. Jcaffrcson's pages upon those old houses and householders, it seems to us as if we caught a sound of the rustling of spectral silk down the staircases, and along the old rooms and in that spot which, when we were a boy, seemed to us the loveliest spot in all London: Where the fountains low singing; was heard on the wind, like a melody bringing sweet music to mind, W hire to gladden, or sudden, around us were out, 1 The hope of the morrow, the dream of the past ; in that spot the shades of fair ladies seem to be moving to and fro; the merry daughter of children comes to the ear, and the present weird, grim, gaunt old ghosts of chambers seem, in comparison, quite bright and cheerful in the twilight of the past. From a very early period the lawyers settled injune considerable law quarter- Mesopotanvu it is disrespectfully, says Mr. Jeaffreson, called. The lawyers who rose to eminence and had roughed it in the chambers, or emerged. thence to the more pleasant and airy Refreshments of Lincoln's Inn Fields, still lingered about their old haunts when they became judges, chief justices, and chancellor Chief Justice Holt in Bedford Row, Lord Ellenborough in Blooms- bury Square, also associated with the great name of Mansfield. Indeed, all the streets of that region belong to what is called the old law quarter and when the chief justices or chan- i cellors became unpopular in the old time, round those regions raged and roared the mobs. Lord Thurlow, that grim, gruff, bushy brewed creature, who, with William Cowper, served his articles in Southampton Building, when raised to the peerage, continued within five minutes' walk of the old spot, until he thought of building himself a villa in his old age at Dulwich. " Lord Thurlow," said a lady to him as he was leaving the Queen's drawing-room, " when are you going into your new house?" " Madam," said the surly old, minister, "the Queen has asked me that impudent question, and I would not answer her; I' won't tell you." Mr. Jeafli eson recites some nice pieces of speech from the coarse lips of that hateful old man ; one is very well known-but talking of lawyers' houses it is so good that it may be repeated again ; it was, when he lived in Great Ormond-street. On crossing the threshold of his house, he was in- censed at seeing a lot of paving-stones placed before his door Singling out the tallest of a score of Irish workmen who were repairing the thoroughfare, he poured upon him one of those torrents of curses with which his most insolent speeches were usually preluded, and then told the man to move the stones away instantly. " Where shall I take them to your honor in the saviour inquired. From the Chancellor another volley of blasphemous abuse, ending with, "-take them to do you hear me ?" " Have a care your honor," answered the workman, with quiet drollery, " do not you think now that if I took 'em to the other place your honor would be less likely to fall over them ?" The title we have given to our paper is justified father by the contents of Mr. Jeaffreson's book, than by our digest of it. There is an abundance of every kind of romance in its pages ; they are crowded with all sorts of incident, and the reader will obtain from their lively jottings, not only much amusement, but that kind of side light upon biographic character, which is more frequently given in some little passing word or incident than from a long dissertation upon a character, or a careful putting of the whole pieces of its life together, in an attempt to make one shapely Mosaic. From some little verses entitled " The Middle Temple G ard ens," by the lamented L. E. L. A NeiSEOAY.-One of O'Connull's odd stories used to be about u Miss Hussey. " Her father had made a will," said O'Connell, " dbpohitiLj of the bulk of his fortune to public charities. When he was upon his death-bed, his housekeeper asked him how much he had left Miss Mary. He replied that he had left her £1000, which would do for her very well if she man and any sort of a good husband. Heaven bless your honor ! ' cried the housekeeper, and what decent man would ever take her with the nose she has got r ' ' Why that is really very true, replied the dying father ; ' I never thought of her nose and he lost no time in adding a codicil that gave Miss Mary Else a year as a set-off against her ugliness." 