The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1867. IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. Dignam complained that Mr. Lucas, in the course of his speech on the preceding day, had referred to him (Mr. Dignam) as a drunkard. He denied the correctness of the charge, and challenged Mr. Lucas to prove it. Ministers, in answer to questions, said : that the pay- ment of contributions under the Sheep Disease Pre- vention Act, was not due until the end of May, 1868, and if the sheep of the colony remained clean for some time longer, the Government would remit the con- tribution ; and that drawings for the railway station, at Marulan were at hand, and the work would be proceeded with without delay. The Cataract Coal Mine Railway Bill was read a second time, and passed through committee. Mr. WINDEYER moved the second reading of the Common Carriers Bill, explaining that the measure was intended solely to introduce here the law in re- lation to common carriers that had existed in England since 1830. There was nothing new in the principle of the bill, and the object was simply to regulate the liability of common carriers with regard to the public, and to put a stop to the many cases of difficulty and injustice that had arisen in the Law Courts of the colony, under the present state of the law. Whilst this was done for the common carrier, the public were protected also, by being guarded against having en- forced upon them by carriers' conditions that were manifestly unjust. On the motion of Mr. Martin, the debate was ad- journed to Friday next. The Waterview Patent Slip Bill was read a second time, and passed through committee. The Hartley Vale Colliery Railway Bill was read a second time. The House adjourned at nine minutes to 5, until 3 o'clock on Tuesday next. The House having determined to retain the Ministry in office, we hope the question for the present may be settled, and that those who have carried this vote will deem it their duty to give an effective support to the Ministry. Even some who voted in the minority—and we should have been found in their number—may well take this course. Those who have more confi- dence in the persons who are likely to constitute a Government in the event of the retirement of the present Ministers of course may continue to seek that event. But we who have not that hope do not participate in the desire of change, and we should, therefore, be strongly inclined to conclude the present session with such mea- sures as may be practicable and to await the recess, by which time the Government may correct its mistakes and revise its deliberations. It seems absurd for the Assembly to keep public affairs in a continual agitation, not in reference to their nature so much as the persons by whom they are to be administered. There is, however, this excuse for the Oppo- sition, should they persevere in resisting the Ministry. The principle has been set up that the confidence of the House in the persons of those who compose the Government is to be determined not by their legislative measures, but by personal predilection. It may therefore be fairly inferred by those who desire a change, that a week's greater experience will throw one or two disappointed adherents to the other side of their ranks. Indeed this is one grand con- sequence of the mistake which, in our opinion, has been made. We have struck away the sure constitutional test by which Ministerial authority and influence are to be determined, and have to pick up as we can, day by day, evidence of the weight of the Ministers in the Aseembly from the daily toleration of the people who for the day happen to compose it. The retention of Ministers in office has been strengthened by the repugnance of some who seem to aspire to Ministerial positions. Their future conduct in Opposition will either increase or diminish this sentiment. No party now can pretend to a pure patriotism which may entitle them to take high ground of criticism, Having exhausted a specious patriotism, those who take a post in opposition, should endeavour to acquire the reputation of party fairness. Mr. Robertson, at all events, in the bold and reso- lute motion which he offered to the House, has not at all impaired his character for pluck, although, perhaps, his renown for astuteness has been somewhat obscured. No man will ultimately lose by doing openly, and in a direct manner what he purposes to accomplish; and we hope that all who profess to follow his leadership and support his aspirations, will take a course equally open, and that we shall not be harassed by small motions for mere mischief, and not be disgraced by countings out or monkey tricks of debate ; by cries of disorder and by insinuations which it is impossible for gentlemen to offer or to endure. The angry feeling which may have been kindled in the debate will not extend to the community at large. Perhaps never was a decision less approved upon its own merits, or more willingly accepted in view of the surrounding circum- stances. The arrival of the DUKE OF EDIN- BURGH makes it specially desirable to many that the Ministry should remain in office, and that those who look forward to festivity as the business of the next few weeks, should be spared the turmoil of an election. This advantage will be, however, lost if motions of a similar nature are to be repealed at every sitting. It ought to be borne in mind that a majority of ten, and the absence of many, who while disapproving of the doctrine laid down, were not unwilling to accept its results, places the propriety of change at a considerable distance. It is childish play to go over the same tactics to meet a result already foreseen. The vote on the course taken by the Ministy must be understood as including a condonation of their past mistakes and fail- ings, so far as they have passed under the review of the Assembly. New facts will be required, or a change in the circumstances of the country, to make it proper for an Opposition to attempt the expulsion of the present Minis- ters from power. While we have no doubt that their continuance in office has been a violation of Parliamentary government, we are equally certain that motions living no probability of success, and repeating propositions already re- jected, are barely consistent with statesmanship. It is satisfactoiy to perceive that the attempt it defending the course pursued upon British precedents, has been practically abandoned by all but those who produced them, and that the true motives of the vote given, are, upon the whole, fairly admitted. It is far less likely to be pernicious, under these circumstances, than disguised under the co*,ci of an) pietence, and declaied to be the tiue method ot íesponsible government At an) time, when it shall suit tht convenience of the House, and the tone ot politics is íestored, it ma) be possible to letmn to the conect Parlmmentai) pimciple, and peihaps, b) a solemn declaiation, i evoke a decision, which it his intioduced, as t ne \ sjs. tem of .,0*. eminent We do not suppose thal the Mimsti) will attempt an) íeconstiuction of then measuies duiing the piescnt session If, theiefoie, the) have not earned them to a successful issue, they have it least escaped the burden of con ducting them Theie ought to be a *ei) caitful íeusion of the Estimates, and Uie passing, if possible, of a sound Muni- cipal Act, of which the othei colonie» have ahead) offered both the example and the plan lins would indeed be, if broad and îesolute, a moie valuable contribution to oui laws than almost an) othei hitheito adopted It is onl) b) retienchment, and the diminution of the pre3sme upon the Government, that we can expect a decrease of that systematic cor« ruption-to call it bj its true name-bj wlucn the votes of country members w ere secured, and tlie piopei attention paid to local interests, which can never b» conducted with effect or economy by a power so distant as the cenhal Go\ eminent. Ihe action of the municipal system, as taras it has gone, has pioved its worth. Iheie have been localities that have lesisted the tual in older to shuk the expense; but we beheve there is no feeling more general than thit the introduction of municipal law has been a gieat benefit to the community, and that an extension in the same dnection, embracing laiger mteiests, would have an equally desnable effect. At present w e are far behind the sister colonies Even Tasmania, in all its depiession, has shewn a fai more intelligent appreciation of local affans. The smallness of the general re\ enue has, indeed, made it impossible to meet the wants of the people in any other way, 01 without íntio ducing a fiscal system such as modem political economy abhois. We must take this couise too if we would enjoy anything like the same ad\ antages which are possessed elsewhere, 01 be competent to fulfil the duties of citizen- ship It may be possible, if party spirit be not in the ascendant, for the remaining days of the session to be usefully spent, and for the country to see an atonement for that waste of time which retards the progress of useful legislation, and holds in suspense interests which above all things require that the public policy should be distinct and clear. The representatives of the people, if they are truly such, will consider themselves bound to employ the public time in view of the public good. All these interminable speeches ; these repetitions of the same idea, and adjournments from day to day upon ques- tions which might be better settled after a siiort debate, are unsuitable to the present stage of our legislative history, and perfectly absurd in those who avow that it is not upon Parlia- mentary precedents they propose to govern the country, but in view of the circumstances which for the moment surround them, and to accom- plish the ends which are contemplated by the party or the constituency for which they ac t. So much has been said about the profitable results of paddock feeding sheep, that con- viction upon this subject might be supposed to be complete. Recent controversy, however, shews that the example of Victoria has gone for nothing in some parts, as well as spirited examples nearer home. The letters that have appeared in our columns concerning the advan- i tages of paddocks show, strange to say that men who acknowledge these advantages, who acknowledge that the sheep so cared for are bigger and better woolled than sheep shep- herded in flocks, yet forbear to fence. It, cannot be denied that, under existing legislation, the tenure of the pastoral farmer is somewhat more slight and doubtful than is desirable ; that his run his liable to be invaded . by the freo selector, especially when it has been improved by fencing, ring barking, and other means, Still, this contin- gency is too remote to detain him from making improvements, the cost of which will be re- couped in one or two years, and the value of which -free selection would not be likely seriously to affect within some years of their being made. We have met with several men who declare that they are abandoning cattle-breeding because they will not fence, and who will not fence because of the uncertainty of their tenure ; but surely if they looked carefully into the subject, and did not allow themselves to be led away by imaginary difficulties, they would adopt a different course. If they are in a poaition of uncertainty, they are, at all events, as Crown tenants, occupying the land on such rents as may be considered a full recompense for the uncertainty. A man might expect in obtaining his land at the fraction of a penny an acre, to lay his account for some unpleasant con- tingencies. Any person who hired a large house from another, in a very lonely situation, and who obtained it at a very low rent indeed, in consideration of his willingness to vacate a room now or then to a fresh incomer, would scarcely abstain from furnishing; but, regarding the slight chances of molestation, would furnish, and in case a furnished apartment was selected, would " calculate the abstraction to be in the nature of increased rent charge. It might be more desirable for him, could he obtain the house without such conditions ; but, in doing so, a higher rent would be demanded for the com- pleter security. No one has absolute security in the possession of any land. The exigencies of the Stc'T may compel him to relinquish the whole or part of his estate at any time, with compensation more or less according to the conditions under which he became possessed of it. Ihe continued discussion of the question has had, at all events, one good effect It has so fai enlightened the minds of most persons that little is now hcaid of the objections foimeily uiged against fencing Atone tune it was said that sheep which weie not shepherded became wild, that the pei centage of lambs was diminished when the ewes weie paddock fed, thatgieatei loss vvasincuired fiom the attacks of dogs, and that the fences were apt to be destroyed by the Expenence hispioved these to be delusive objections Ihe native aogs would, of couise, defeat the system weie it not that a quietus can be admini8teieci to them In fact, now that i settler can, undei the Native Dog Destruction Act of 18ü2, poison the boundaries of his mn, and assess theowneis of the seveial conteiminous nins, in one half the cost of poisoning, propoi tionatcly to the length of then boundaries, he Ins but to defend himself-and his ncighbouts, fiom motives ofietahation, will soon follow suit, and thus the distnct will be cleared Iheie is some moie show of íeason in the objection which is founded in the cost of a good fence, but it is clear tint when a man has tal en a station he cannot afford to fence-he has done a foolish act In fact, he has done th t which will inciease his anxieties and his vvoik and íeduce his letmns When it is shown-and expenence so exhibits the facts -that the cost of a yeal s shcpheidin.,, hut keeping, and lations, with extra expense at lambing will exceed that of the onginal cost of a blush fence pioof ag inst both sheep uid cattle-that nearly double the number of sheep can be cal ned on the fenced nin-that the cast of lambs will be incicased, ind the quantity of wool laigely augmented it is cleai that a man who invests all his cash in sheep and leaves none for fencing ii ^uiltv of a foolish act Take it which way W-» will, abalance is shown in favour of the puldocks the fn st yeal, foi though the cost of the leuce may be unusually laige, on account of the scaicity of timbei, the saving in the mumal labour, and m the condition and pi o ducts of the animal, will still be so laige as to deteimme the balance to the ciedit side Mi Gordon, official inspector of sheep, an obseivei of consideiable expenence, has íe cently issued a pamphlet upon fencing, in which he estimates the expenses in the case of a block of land ten miles one way by twelve another He supposes this block to be fenced with forty-four miles of boundary " chock and log " fence, at the price of £50 per mile ; and that half its cost is met by neigh- bouring owners. The sum remaining would be £1100. He then supposes this area to be sub- divided into twelve paddocks, which would re- quire fifty-four miles of subdivision brush fence at £17 per mile, costing £918, which, added to the above, would bring the total to £2018. Having expended this sum, what is the saving to the settler in the mere item of labour? From Mr. Gordon's estimate it would appear that 20,000 sheep, which such an area unfenced would carry, would require 13 shepherds at £35 per annum each ; 7 hutkeepers, each at £25 ; 20 rations each at £20 per annum, and extra help amounting to £30. These items would create a sum total of £930. The shep- herding in the other case-one boundary rider having charge of two paddocks- amounts, with wear and tear of horseflesh and harness, to £590 per annum. Further, interest is charged upon the original outlay in fencing at the rate of 10 per cent., which, upon £2000, amounts to £200. This affords a balance of £140 in favour of fencing. It would not do, however, to regard this balance as disposable. Nothing, for instance, has been allowed for repairs, which would certainly cost 5 per cent, per annum, re- ducing the £140 to £40,-and then since the fence would require to be renewed in seven or ten years, 5 or ~ih per cent, should be annually written off for a renewal fund. Supposing the interest on the £2000 was reduced to 7£ per cent., and the renewal fund was the product of a charge upon the same sum of 7£ per cent., £60 would be left against the fencing. But this would speedily be lost sight of-if we adopted the figures of the writer-in the results of doubling the capabilities of the run, augmenting the surplus disposable stock, and increasing the growth of wool from £50,000 to £132,000 per annum. If such be the return upon the ex- penditure of £2000, it is somewhat surprising that the pastoral tenant should allow the ghost of the free selector to frighten him out of its enjoyments. DUKE of EDINBURGH Naval Reception Com- mittee. - Yesterday's Gazelle contains the appointment of the members of the Commission to make all necessary prepa- rations for the naval reception of Prince Alfred on the arrival of his Royal Highness off the Heads. The follow ing gentlemen form the Commission: - Mr. Francis Hixson, R.N., Superintendent of Harbours, Lighthouses, and Pilots - President; Mr. Henry Cary Dangar, Commodore of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron - as representing yachts; Mr. Frederick Henry Trouton, Manager of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company - as representing steam vessels of the colony; Mr. Charles Smith - as repre- senting colonial merchant ships; and Mr. Thomas Watson \- as representing small yachts and boats. Postage Kates ron places beyond the Colony. -A supplement to the Government Gazette, published on Thursday, contains a revised table of the r 'ea of postage to be charged upon correspondence beyond the oolony. The table comprises rates 'for ordinary letters, registered letters, newspapers, book packets, and patterns. The plaoes are arranged in alphabetical order, fallowed by the routes. It is a very elaborate compilation, and will prove of consider I able utility, espeoially to commercial people. Tun Puinoe.-We cannot undertako to publish the numerous Jettera, suggestion*, and opinions daiir received respeotiner the arrival and ontortainment of the Duke oí Edinburgh. The Colonial Magazine.—This periodical for No- vember is up to its former standard, and contains some very fair and well written articles,—of the poetry the "Mountain Moss," by Kendall, is less in his almost stereotyped style than any of his previous poems. The other papers are " Playhouses and Players," by James Smith; "Playing with Fire," by Marcus Clarke ; " Spring Wild Flowers," by Waller K. Bissill ; " My Story ;" " King Lear's Madness," by R. H. H. Horne; "Love's Last Re- quest." by G. G. M'C. ; " Our Mineral Springs." by Syd- ney Gibbons ; " Scarron," by G. B Barton ; " Talkers, " by H. K. ; and " Book World." Miraculous Escape from Sudden Death at tur j ZiozAO.-A few days past a most remarkable instance of the above occurred. It Booms that a sub-oontraotor under Mr. Higgins had a number of mon employed in blasting portions of the fearful cliffs that overhang tho proposed line of railway down the Bathurst side of the Blue Moun- tains at Lithgow Vulloy. A largo shot had boon tired, large masses of rook boing thereby thrown into the ravine. The contractor fearing that the conoussion might have loosened some of tho blocks in tho immodiato vicinity, would not allow his mon to return to the samo piuco, but commenced simitar operations some twenty or thirty yards away, Thoy had been woiklng hore eouio throe or four hours, when tbo sub-contraetor by more ohanoe happened to look up the mountain, and saw that an immense mass of rock, weighing about forty tons, had de taobed iteolf from its placo, and was rolling directly oa to whore a man named M'Ginty was standing. Ho called out to him, "Como away; come awoy!" M'Ginty ¡rainodi ately did so ; but had only advanood two steps whoa bo foil; ana tho mass of rook, apparently, orusaod down on top of him. Not so, howovor, for his fall was tho means of saving his lifo. Ho had fallen botweon two portions of stone which had boon blown down by former shots. Tbo block lodged precisely where ho had been standing, and, smashing itself in tho fall, glanood off in several pieces on onoh side of whoro M'Ginty lay-morely grazing his tomplo as it passed. On (ho followingday another large mass of ab mt fifty lona carne down in a similar nunnor, and rollad olear of tho uno of railway into the oreok which runs through the gully, and is now to bo soon in that position. People's EntbrtaiivMENt.-Tho sixteonth of a series of cheap Friday evoning ontortainmonts for tho working oIabscb was Riven last ovening, in tho pubic sohoolrooin at the comer of Liverpool and Sussox streots. The attend- ance was not quite so numorous as it has boon on somo Connor occasions, but it was, nevertheless, sufficiently large to eive oncouragemont to the promotora "of these entortain ments. The programme was, as usual, voll varied with songs and recitations, many of whioh wore givon with good effect. Mr. Nixon prosidod at the pianoforte. TheVictoriaTheatke.-On laBt Saturday ovening Mr. AndoiBon appeared for tho first timo in Sydnoy in tho well known|comedy " The Wonder," which was played with the following oast.-Don Felix, Mr. Andorson ; Violante, Mrs. Heir; iBabolla, Mibb Goorgo; Inez, Miss Buaho : Colonel Briton, Mr. Ireland; Freaeriok, Mr. Collior; Gibby, Mr. Davis; Lissando, Mr. Greville; Flora, Miss Corcoran. Mr. Anderson's eucooss in tho Taming of tho Shrow bad evidently led tho patrons of this thou tro to expoot a treat, and tho house was consequently crowded in every pnrc; nor wore their expectations disappointed. Mr. Anderson's Don Felix is quite oqual to hii Potruohio, and in every scene he reooived abunda it proofs of tha satU faction*of tbo audionoo. Tho last aot was admirable ; his interview with Violanto, and aftorwarda with hor father his transition from porfoot sobrioty to quarrelsome drunk- enness woro admirable Mrs. Heir left nothing to bo wished for in her impersonation of tho Spanish beauty, and Mr. Davis as Gibby was ona ef the bost representativos of the cbaraotor seen on the Sydnoy boards ; Miss George and Mr. Iroland woro also very good. The Flying Soud with its admirable Derby soone and Mr. Kogara as old Nat, orcntcd as groat a furoro as whon it was first produced boro, and (he entertainment as a whola was one of the best of the season. The Wondor and Flying Scud were playod up to Wednesday night, when the formar was withdrawn and tho Honeymoon substituted, in this Mr Andorson played Du ko Aronza, Mrs, Hoir Juliana, Mr. Hoir Rolando, and Mr. Greville Jacques, to porfootion, and the minor cbaractors woro also woll sustained. The same bill was ropoated last night. IHK Prince or Wales Oí-nú IlouiE --Tho olover (roupo of pantomimisfs and ballet dancors, known as the Lehman family, hovoappoarod ovory ovening during tho past week to moderate houses. On Monday evening they appeared in Robert and Bertrand, on Tuesday and Wed- nesday in the Vivandière and Vol au-V ent, on Thursday in tho Contrabandist and Monsiour Dechilaumoau, and last nipht, for tbo benefit of Monsieur A Lehman, iu the Contrabandist and tbo Magia Trumpet. Besides tho at- tractions which terpsiohonan diaplaya always have fir a section of the theatro goeYs, Messrs Lohtnan and Haslam havo each cvoning performod an athletic feat ontitlod "ihe Great Niagara Loap," ono of the most daring things of the kind witnessed in the colonies, and almost too dangerous to oe attractive Under moro favourable circumstances tho company would probably have mat with greator suecos», but they havo had to contend with other attractions, and that at n time when many cannot aflord to spend money on publio amusemonts The dramatic company, under the management of Mr J L Hall, on actor of considerable merit and skill as a stage manager, have opened the enter- tainments each night with a oooiody. in which Mr and Mrs Hall, and tho other members of tho coy ps dramatique bavo exerted themselvea to rendor their department worthy of favourable notice To night, a new ballet, Ma/ulm, or tho Night Owl, is to be produced, with appropriate scenery. The season is only to last for another wook, after which it is said that Mr George Coppin will assume the managership of both Iheatres Recent Bush Fires -The warm weather and the strong winds which have prevailed of late (says the Kiama Independent) have only been too favourable to the opera- tion of burning of), and the kindling of running fires, which, as fire sometimes proves an unruly servant, have in recent instances run far beyond bounds. We are by no means sure that the damage which has ensued in some cases would not render the authors of the fire liable to prosecution under tho Act for the pre- vention of the careless use of fire, and we commend this point to the attention of those who may possibly be concerned. The ap- pearance presented by several portions of the mountains was for two or three nights last week, especially on Thursday night last, such as we do not recollect to have ever observed before for the extent and strength of the fires which prevailed, and the devastation they caused has been very considerable. A fire started by Martin Keefe in bis felled timber at Wallaby Hill, and at an ill- chosen time, was carried along by the wind at such rapidity and fury as to sweep away not only his own dwelling-house, &c; , but likewise the house, barn, dairy, pigsties, in short everything about the homestead of the next neighbour, Mr Simon Dudgeon, who likewise lost a quantity of fencing in the conflagration. We hear of Mr R Gray, of Gerringong, as having suffered a somewhat similar calamity. The dairy of Mr Henry James, in the Long Brush, was destroyed Mr Boles, of the Pheasant Ground, was most completely " burned out, and those who have suffered minor losses are too numerous to men- tion Mr. J. Pike with the greatest difficulty preserved the houses and out buildings on his farm at Saddleback, by exerting himself through the night with all the assistance he could obtain, and making the best use of a copious supply of water which fortunately was at hand. Still greater exertions, we understand were necessary to preserve the premises of Mr. R Miller, senior, from destruction by the spread of the fires in his neighbourhood. We have not heard of any loss of life resulting from these calamitous fires, or even any serious injury to the person of any human being , but a number "of fowls, pigs, and other minor stock were de stroyed at Mr. Dudgeon's, and we may well suppose, without particular information, that similar losses occurred elsewhere The advantages derived by settlers from a "clean sweep" in a running fire will, of course, in some cases partially compensate for the devastation which has taken place. Murderous Assault by a Shepker*.-The Soone correspondent of the Maitland Mercury reports that a short time since a license for a public-house was taken out by a person named Mitcholl, living on the Hunter, near Moonan; this person boing a young man, and nephow to another named Cook, an old resident, who is the owner and occupier of the public- house. In tho neigh- bourhood aro sovoral sheep stations belonging to the Messrs. White, of Belltrees, and to the shepherds occupy- ing these stations this public-house has already been a sad temptation and snaro. On Tuesday lase two of these shepherds left their station, one leaving his flock in the yard, and the other turning it into the bush-went to this public-house and obtained spirits. A man named Crow- ley, working for a farmer close at hand, seeing one of these shepherds in a stato of intoxication, took chargo of him, and brought him back to his hut ; there the other shepherd was found, and drinking commenced. After night had set in, Crewley took one shepherd away, having induced him to go quietly to sleep at his master's house ; here, after they arrived, more spirits were intro- duced, and then they went to bed. Smith, the shepherd, was overheard for a long time abusing his quarters, when the other (Crowley) tola him, from his own room, that if he did not keep quiet he must leavo the place, and, suiting the action to the word, got up and opened a gate for this pur- pose, calling on Smith.to come out. The two men met each other in the dark, when, without the eligUtOBt warning, Smith tired at Crowley with a revolver, wounding him m the abdomen ; Crowley then closed with hie assailant, and, in endeavouring to wrest the pistol from him, had His hand wounded by another disoharge. He then seized the pistol, knocked Smith down, and ran into the house, where he roused his mistress, and told her what had happened, and that he was done for. In the confusion, and there being no other man near, Smith got away. The polios, who have a elation close at hand, were soon apprised of this affair, and conveyed the intelligence to the head station of Mr. White, and despatched a messenger for medical aid. About noon on Monday Dre. Hunt and Riohards arrived from Scene. The ball waa extracted from the man's wound, but bis hope of recovery pronounced te be impossible. His deposition waa therefore formally taken by a magis- trate, in the presence of the polioe, and beforo the day was over the shepherd (Smith) gave himself up. This ii the second crime which has been brought about since this now public-house has been opened, a robbery having been com- mitted laut Friday on a person who had been drinking there. When the polioe searched Smith's hut they found more arms belonging to him besides a considerable quantity I of ammunition. He is now safe in the hands of the polio», I and will soon be ia the Soone look-up. 