THE PAN-ANGLICAN, SYNOD. The following addie? ai as been promnul gated by the archbishops and bishops now asselmblcd in the metropalia: To the faithful in Christ Jesus, ihO Priests andDeacons, and the Lay Members of the Church of Christ in communion with the Anglican branch of the Church Catholic- We the undersigned bishops, gathered under the good providence of God for psayer and conference at Lambeth;,pray for you that ye may obtain grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father and from the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour. We give thanks to God, brethren beloved, for the faith in our Lord Jesus Ch, iet, and the love.. towards the Saints, which hath aboutidd amongst you; and for the know ledge-'of Christ;, which through you hath been spread -abroad amongst the most vigorous racesof the earth. - " And with one mouth we make supplication to God even the Father, that by the power of the Holy Ghost He would strengthen ' us with His might, to amend. amongst'. us 'the things a which are amiss, to supply the things whichl are lacking, and to reach forth unto higher measures of love and zeal in worshipping Him, and in making known His name: and we pray that in. His good time He would give back unto His whole Church the blessed gift of unity in truth. And now we exhort you in love that yo keep whole and undefiled the faith once do livered to the Saints, as ye have received it of the Lord Jeans. We entreat you to watch and pray, and to strive heartily with us against' the fraudis end subtleties wherewith the faith hath' been aforetine, ard is now aassaihd. . We be sech yco to hoell fat as the sure Word of God, all the Ouannietl Scriptures of the Old and New Testaameit.'nnd that by dil; gent study of these oracles of God, praying in the Holy Ghost, ye seek to know more of the Lord Jesus Ch ist ouar Saviour, whom tt.ey reveal onte us, sld of thie will of God which they declare. _ < Furthermore, Iwe ,entreat: you to' guard yoortelve and Jyoure egainat tle growipg superstition and, additiuns <with Ibichi in; thest lattert'dpyi the" tiith 'of Gd hath been, overloid; "as a'otheiwisa,"ao eri'"isally by 'tle ;pretonsion' to universal sovereientylover. God', heritage asserted, fur the see of; Rome ; and lt:' the practical exallation of the blessed' Virgil Mary as mneditdrorin'thee plaso of her divir e Son, 'nod by 'the addressingf of prnyers to her as. irtercessor, Jtetwee' God' and' man. ' 01 such beware.aye seaeech.you, knowing' that the ' 'jeafs -.d ' glieti not His honor to Build youorelves up iherefore, 'eloverd, in your most holy faith; grow in grace and in the knowledge and love of Jean. Christ our Lord. Stew forth before all men by your faith, self-denial, purity, and godly convoer sation, as well as by )nour labors for the pen pie amongst whom God hath so widely sproea you, and by the setting forth of His Gospel to the unbe'ievora and the heathen, that ye are mnd ed the servants of Him who died for us to reconcile His Fath.r to os, and to be. a sacrifice fir the sins of the whole world. Brethron beloved, with one voloe we warn yon; the time is short; the time is short; 'the brd cometh; watch and be sober; Abide steadfast in the Communion of Saint',wh;rein GOd h ath granted yu a plase. .,Seek in faith for oneness with Chri.t in the blessed Seors 'ment of Hi. b 'dy and blood. ' Hid fast the Creedls, and the pure worship' and order. which of God's grace ye have iinherited from the Primitive Chrbch. Beware of oanning diviesos' contrary'to the doctriie ye hive re. coalved. Pray and 'eek 'for unity atriongst 'yourselves, and amongdt 'all the faithful 7in Christ Jeans,' and the good.Lord mrke you perfect, 'and keep y'our bodies, souls, and 'opiritti"Until the romingof' the 'Lord Jeins Christ. "",(Signed' ' 0C T.Cantuar, M. G. Armagh,' R. O. Dublin, A. C. London, C. R. Winton, C. St David's, J. Lichfield, S Oxon, S Thos. 'Vowler St. ;AsIah;, A. Llandaff, John Lincoln W. K." Sarut, J.ohn T. Norwich, J. O. Bangor,, H. Worcester, 0\. J Gloucester and Bristol, E. H. Ely, William Chester, T. b. Rochester, Borace Sodor and Maiin,' Samuel Mdeath, H. Kilmore, Charles Limerick Ardforu and Aghadone, Robert Eden, D.D, Bishop of Moray, Ross, and COithhess, Primus; a?ldxaider Ewing, Bishop of Argyll'and the lisles; Chas. ,Wordsworth, D.C.L:,: Bishop of S. Androews Dunkeld, and Dunblane; Thos G. Suither, Bishop of Aberdeen and Orkniey;' Wr. S. Wilson, Bishop of Glasgow and Galloway; Thomas B. MIorrell,l Coadjutor Bishop ,of Edin burgh i; F Montreal, Metro :politan of Canada; G. A. New .' t Zealand, 'Metropolitani of New Zea land; It. Capetown, Metropolitan of South Africa; Anbroy G. .amaioa, T. Bartadoes, J..Bomboy, H. Novn Scotia, F. T. Labhunu, II. Grabams town; H. J. . C. hri.thnrch, Matthew Perth, Beej. Huron, W, W. Antigaa, BE.' Sierra Leone,.T. N. Honolulu, S JT. Ontario, '.. W.. Qu.?beo, W. J. \- Gibraltar,' L 'L. Do edin, Edward Bishop Orange River Free State, A. . N. Niagara, William George Tozer; Missionary Bishirp; James B. Kelly, Coadjutor of Newfundland ; J. Angl. Hiero.ol; John I- Hopkins, Presiding Bishop of Pr. Ep Church in the United States; Chse. P. M'Ilvaine, Bishop of Ohio; M?nton Eastburn, Bishop of Mansachusett- ; John Payne, Bir.shp of Cape Palmas and parts adjacent ; . Henry J.' White house, Bishop of Illinois ; Thomas ' Atkirnson, Bishop of North' Carolina; Henry W. Lee, Bishop of Iowa; - Horatio Potter, B shop of. New York; Thomas M. Clar k, Iis :op of Rhod,. Island ; Alexr. Gregg, Bishop of Texas; W. H. Odenhemer, Bishop of Now Jersey,; G. , T. Bedell, : Assistant Bishop' of Ohio ; Henry C Lay, Missionary Bi hop of Arkansas nod the Indian Territ~iry'; JoJu T-,lb.t, Assistant Bishop- o Indiana ; Ri-hard 'I. Mil ter, Bishop of Alabama; Charles Todd Qoiornrd, Bishop of Tenneso.e; Joh,, B1. Kerf tt, Bishop of Pittsburgh; J. P. B. Wilmer, Bishop Louisiani; C. M.! Williams, Missionary Bi-liop to China; J. Chapman, Bishop; Georgo Smith, late B shop of Vict riu, Chins ; "LDavid Anutrron, late Bishop of , Ru prt'st Lr.d;' F.dmund Hobhouso 'tiy Bishop of New Zealand. 