REMARKABLE STORY OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY'. In the month of March, 1858, tho dead body of a man was found floating in the Clyde, somewhere above the bridges, and taken to tho Humane Society's Receiving House, where it lay for identi fication. It enrionsly happened at this very time, that two men went- amissing in Glasgow, tho husbands respectively of Mrs S. and Mrs T. A gentleman, a friend of the latter woman, knowing of tho strange absence of Mr T., called at tho Dead House to look at the corpse of the drowned man, which was considerably decomposed, and could only be identified by marks not wholly de pendent on corporeal preservation. After a minute inspection, this gentleman came away convinced that the body was unquestionably that of Mr T., to whose wife ar widow ho communicated his convic tion. Unwilling, however, to believe that her husband, either by accident or design, had come to such an end, the woman declined at first to visit tho dead-heuse for tho purpose of setting the matter at rest. But tho propriety of her doing so was pre sented to her in so strong alight, that she at length consented to accompany her friend, although she still held out against thi- possibility of tho dead body being that of her husband. She could not, of course, bo otherwise than satisfied of the truth of her belief when, on arriving at tho deadliouse, itwas found that tlio corpse had been already claimed by tho other woman as the body of her husband, who had also gone amissing. This put an end, for tho time, to the more serious side of Mrs T.'s onxioty, and sho returned homo, therefore, comparatively comforted — her relief, however being tho measure of tho apparently authentic widow's grief. It will servo to show the certainty of this woman no f n flia i/lflnfi'fr nf f Vi n nnvnen olin rtloimnrl and taken home, when we mention that sho applied for, and received, six or seven ponuds of funeral money from the Live Society, of which her husband had been a member. The remains of tho man wore bnried in duo course, and tho widow mourned as for the death of ono whom sho could never again behold. Little did she or her friends dream of the remarkable manner in which the genu ineness of her sorrow was to bo speedily tested. In theso days no person expects to see a ghost ; neither did Mrs S. expect to see one shortly after tho funeral of the drowned Man ; but if for one awful moment about this time sho was under the impres sion that she saw the ghost of her husband, she might well be excused, for that husband, in propria persona, did actually one evening open tho door of his own house, and walk quietly into tho prcsenco of his really terrified wife. Tho case now stood thus : — As tho body which had been buried was not that of the person it was presumed to be, and it was still otherwise unclaimed, the question arose — Might it not, after nil, have been the corpse of Mr T., whoso wife was unwilling to lielieve that her husband was dead? Probability was certainly in favor of such a presumption ; and tho gentleman whom wo had mentioned as having inspected the body of tho drowned man, and who was personally acquainted with Mr T., returned to his original belief, holding it more tenaciously than ever, as to the identity of tho corpse. Naturally, of courso, the arguments which Mrs T. formerly re pelled as inadequate, now received some color of authenticity from tho new circumstances. We shall lugumvuia, wjiicii, ns will do seen in tho sequel, aro curious in n threefold sense. In the first piaco, the husband of Mrs T. was of short stature, and stout — so was the husband of the other woman — and so was the body of the drowned man. In the next place, Mrs T.'s husband wore, when ho disappeared, a neckscarf of a certain pattern — the husband of the other woman woro an exactly similar scarf — and so did tho body that was picked from tho Clyde. Again, Mr T. was known, when ho left home, to havo ono of his boots patched in a peculiar manner; ono of tho boots of tho ether woman's husband was also patched in the samo stylo ; and of the boots worn by tho dead body, ono of them was patched exactly like that of tho other two. These triple coincidences were, however, rather curious than marvellous or convincing as ar guments. Thousands of men arc short and stout ; thoasands of men wear cravats of a similar pattern ; and thousands of men wear their boots in the same manner, and are therefore obliged to have them patched in similar stylo. Another small coincidence may bo added. Mr T. was known to have been a regular reader of Reynolds's Miscellaay, and n copy of that periodical was found in tho cont pocket of tho drowned man when he was taken from tho river. But all such facts put togother, used as arguments, must ever bo inconclusive in cases so serious as the identity of a human body. The most singular coincidence in the present affair, however, remains to be in dicated. Wo havo already said that the body was n good deal decomposed. This was particularly true of the face, but othor parts wero better preserved, and especially the left hand, tho thumb of which at the bowl was unusually enlarged. Now, this was a particular feature of T.'s left hand, and when the gentleman whoso connection with tho affair we have already mentioned went to view the body, one of the first things ho did was to examine tho left hand to see what sizo of thumb was there. His surprise aud grief wero great indeed when he discovered this remarkable feature on the hand of tho dead man, which at once convinced him that the body he saw there was that of his friend. But here again begins tho singularity of the matter. Tho husband' of the other w*oinan had also an exaggerated thumb ; and it was in fact partly, if not wholly, by this mark that she identified tho body a3 that of her missing partner. Thus, then, the return of the ono husband, as above detailed, proved that ho at least had escaped a watery grave ; whilo tho continued absence of the other husband greatly strengthened tho probability that tho corpse claimed and buried under another name, and on account of which funeral money had been received, was tho body of Mr 1. These incidents, as already stated, occurred in the spring of 1858. Eight years after Mrs T. consented to marry a second time. Bnt even then, in oraei to uissipate the possibility or doubt, the widow, before tho marriago, visited her first hus band's relatives in Ayrshire, to make sure that' they know or had heard nothing of the long absent man. They assured her that they wero as absolutely in tho dark as herself regarding the fate of their friend. This was enough. Sho returned homo to Glasgow satisfied, was married to Mr M., her second husband, in the beginning of April last, and np till within two months age was living happily with him. About six or eight weeks since tho husband, who was supposed, and not without fair circumstantial evidence, to have been drowned in the Clyde, presented himself suddenly in Glasgow. Tho effect of his coming may be imagined. Tho snrpriso was, however, speedily ovor on tho one side, and it was soon the absentee's turn to be surprised when, in reply to a question, he was informed that his wifo was cer tainly living, but married to another man. Tho returned husband and his wife — a wife in a double sense — had of courso an interview. It was a peculiarly cruel position for tho wife, who had, for so many years, toiled and suffered, and only at the last moment got into something like smooth water. Tho question will naturally occur — wliero was tho husband all this time ! Simply in England, quietly pursuing his trade, and, we may presume, living a comparatively comfortablo life. We say nothing about his motives for such conduct, although we have heard something about them ; but tho mere fact of such a prolonged absence in a land of railways, post-offices, and telegraphs, without communicuting to his wife or friends a single syllable as to his whereabouts, has by no means a comely appearance. The wifo has twenty defences, but for such conduct on the part of the husband thero seems no defence whatever. Who the man was whose body was found in tho Clyde, and who so closely resembled two other men, then alive, is likely to remain a mystery for ever. — Glasgoiv Herald. Dismissal of Pr.o vast-Marshal Ramsay. — The unceremonious ignoring of the bill of indictment for murder preferred against Provost-Marshal Ram say, at St. Thomas-in-the-East Circuit Court, must by this time be known to our readers in England. Ramsay has since been dismissed, not simply from the police, in which he held the appointment of inspector Jfor the precinct of St. Catherine, but from the public service. To Ramsay's friends this is a cause of much disappointment ; to tho ' upper' and the ' governing and property' classes, it appears an outrage towards a man who played such a conspicuous part on the side of 'loyalty' during the late 'rebellion' to all right thinking and honest men, however, it appears, as it appeared to his Excellency the Governor, ' inexpedient' that one whose name is so singularly immortalised as is that of Ramsay in connection with Morant Bay should be retained in the public service. This, as punishment for all that he has done, is little enough ; b-t there are men who think it hard that even thus much should have been meted out to him. — Kingston (Jamaica) Morning Journal, November 24. 