PARLIAMENTARY PRIVILEGE. U'CJUtN V. 6 THE. A ' SrscTATOH ' sends tbe Argus a description of the proceedines in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, on Thursday evening last, wben Mr. Syme, of the Leader , appeared at the bar of tbe House to answer for a so-called libel published in that journal *' A third time (says Spectator) have I seen the Legislative Assembly of this colony in one of those supreme moments of its existense when it is engaged in the task ef maintaining its privileges aeainst ihe attacks of the Press ; and 1 have arrived at the conviction that never does our ambitions little Hotue of Commons ex- j bibit itself so utterly devoid of dignity as wbeu it is avowedly asserting it. There must be some fatality about the thing. ; It doeB not mat ter how the difficulty arises, or 1 which sideibrings its wounded honour under the sympa thising nonce of tbe Speaker, the result is the same. The | conclusion reached is a most lame and impotent one ; asd ere it is ^attained more fractious . words are spoken, more members are called to order, more unseemly rows occur than on any other occasion. Mr. Bumble over thrown by a small boy in a churchyard presented not a more pitiable spectacle than does our Assembly when it fancies itself aggravated by the PreSB, and is bent on repara tion. Member after member betakes himself to the use of strong language, by way of teaching the wicked writers iu the papers moderation. This oourse may be adopted from tbekindest motives. Honorable gentlemen may be exhibit ing themselves, in a Spartan helotish fashion, as frightful examples, whose mode of procedure is to be carefully avoided by all who witness it. If this be their objeot, they ate tolerably successful ; last night two or three of them made decided hits. 'Ihe simple question of snubbing or incarcerating the SubliBher it an offending paper was this time a good deal iterfertd i with by ulterior considerations and internal complications. The offender had a majority, instead of a minority, or the House on his side, politically speaking ; and moreover,^ demonstrative member or the House Itself— one of the community of saints who, if anyone, ought to be a model of%entleness, courtesy, and magnanimity— weuld ineist uperr rising and declaring that the sergeant-at-arms had laid hold of the wrong martyr, and that he, ti.G said member, was the absolute writer of the article. It was an awful fact. Here was M'Conn, who had even gone tbe length of declaring himself a journalist, and who showed his parts .flf speech by protesting moife than once that he was ' in'^be 'ands of the *ouse,' here he was, with his chsrge again Et the obnoxious print duly made and sub scribed, and the publisher of the paper expressing his readiness to take all the responsibility, and now a member had actually the temerity and the bad taste to declare tbat be wrote the article in question I What was to be donef The proscribed publisher had read his statement, after the Sisual number of interruptions and with drawals, JfliscnEsions, ? shindies, and re-appearances, and tbe House had had the benefit of Mr. M'Kean's legal advice. That illustrious luminary had ex plained gratuitously what was the procedure of the law courts in such cases, and what, therefore, d fortiori, should be tbe practice of the bighest Court— that in which ha was one of the Judges. He feared they would have to com mence every thing de novo. This speeoh, which was one of the striking features of the evening, could be but imperfeotly heard in consequence of a fit of coughing which seized C. B. Jones, John Edwards the Younger, and other patriots in the Opposiuon comer— a nasty, vexatious fit, which ter minated whenever tbe Colliugwood Coke ceased speaking, and became as violent as ever when he resumed ; but still, spite of this diawb&ck;, the speech was delivered, and the law clearly laid down. Everything, Mr. M'Kean excepted— useless to interfere with that perfection. . — was to be commenced de novo. 'Distressing, tbat after this bsd been proclaimed, the member for South Bourke should complicate matters by avowing his authorship. He, and not the party at the bar, iwas the culprit. ' Fraud,' * plunder,' and the rest of the pretty words about which M'Cann complained, were his, not the publisher's. What a dreadful fix for an hon. Legis lative Assembly bent on conserving a borrowed suit of pri vileges a thousand times too large for it ! ' And not the least amusing part of the ' fix ' was the :plight in which tbe Chief Secretary and the Attorney General found themselves, with their denunciations of Geerge rising up out of the tomb of Hansard like troubled ghosts, against them, and a friend instead of a foe in the custody- of the sergeant-at-arms. For some time they sssnnicd the responsibility of their position, and stood to the unlucky colours by which they had once swom. They looked uncomfortable, very, and spoke with restraint, but tbey stuck ^0 their position. The Nemesis had come, evi dently, and was to be met manfully. So long as only the publisher wss concerned they never flinched; * privilege' was to be maintained at all costs ; but when it came to the writer they could hear it no longer, and fairly bolted 1 pri vilege' and ell. ' On the whole; I think such sn exoiting evening has not been spent within these imposing walls for some months — galleries crowded, prisoner at the bar trotted backwards and forwards to be M-L'anned or M'Lellaned, Joneeed or Ed wardsed, as the case might be, intervals between his ap pearances Wing taken advantage of by hon. members to indulge Iti'private and select libels on their own account, and to be called to order by a righteously indignant Spesker ; . never a debate in any right sense of the word, but a sort of verbal Doraybrook Fair, where everybody's bead came in for a wback occasionally, and order and oon fusion alternated, contusion having generally the best of it. l'woof the members for Collingwoed, viz., Messrs. Embling and fcdwaids, took prominent parts in the night's enter tainment— one ot tbem plsying the mild medico, and the other the demonstrative pulioe-court practitioner, with great success. The former delivered an essay nn ' gentlemanly honour, a subjeot upon which he seemed to have been reoently read ing up, and proceeded to illustrate it by disclosing some little matter which he bad ferretted out by laboriously perusing the inverted writing he had discovered on the Parliamentary Library blotting paper. Mr. Vale de nounced this piece of amateur detective work as wanting in common decency, and was, of course, at once called to order vigourously,. In fact, he had to withdraw the offensive observation'; but as even one had to withdraw nearly as much as he uttered, that did not matter muoh. Longmore, and Jones, and M'Lellan spoke and withdrew, and with drew end spoke, and nobody — sot even the reporters — appeared to care much aboiit it. Edwards, however, was the persistent hero of the night. He bad buckled on his armour for the fray, and seemed to conoeive tbat the eyes of Fiisroy were upon him. His objeot wss not quite olear, but he wss apparently implacable, A slaughtered press man or two at the bar might, perhaps, have appeased him. As it wss, after a blustering display worthy of Bobadil, he only 'bagged a feeble regret from the publisher. VFor the truth ia asadone. The House, after it had caught its bare, dare not put its brains in a basin. How often has it sighed that it bad to be content with publishers when it vehemently desired to have an opportunity of punishing writefs ef libellous articles. At last the gods are pro pitious. It has its lihel — or, at. least, it says it has, whioh is tbe ssme thing in ' Privilege'— and, lo ! the writer stands avowed in its own ranks— a member, a veritable member. Now, for scarification. Strangers tremble, fearing that an evil hour bae arrived for South Bourke, and Mr. Embling looks as though he thenght tbe victim, after ! running the gauntlet of the House, would be handed over to his tender mercies, and so cfii cluaMy disposed of. But there is no victim— not even a vicarious one. A few saeaoions, but not )aiticularly coisistent words fromthe Attorney -General, and a few si nsible and generous ones from Mr. Aspinall, and tbe debate gradually loses heart. It is evidently ap proaching an end when Mr. Nathaniel Levi rises to address the Htuse, and that settles it.' Mr. Stme and the Assembly op Victoria.. — The absurdity of such pri ceedings as those with which, at the instsnce'of that brilliant ornament of tbe Legislature ahd the Press, Mr. William Nelson M'Cann, the LeginUiivn Assimbly was on Thursday entertained, could not bo nr.ro ccmpletely shown than by the utterly lame and iuu ? ut. conclusion arrived at. All the powers conferred by -.he piiviltges of Parliament were put in force, simply t.. ..llow tbe publisher of the Ltadet to state that he conai't- rod an aiticle, declared by the Bouse to be a scandalim* ureach of ila privileges, to be nothing more than a f.ir oomment upon the proceedings of public men, and afterwards to express his regret that' those comments had been con strued as reflecting on the personal character of ' an hon, member of. the House; which was very like expressing regret that the House did not possess more con. men sefcse than to make such a silly mistake. As though to mark its consistency, the House, after demanding an apology from the publisher of the journal for tho publi - cation of an article declared to be a breach of its privileges, immediately afterwatds declared that the writer of the article had been guilty of no breach of privilege at all ! What, too, will tbe country think of the boasted honour of members of the Legislative Assembly, when one has aotually tbe sssurance te confess that, from an examination of tbe blotting-paper incautiously left behind bim by one of his co-members, he has made the wonderful discovery that the careless individual has been writing for the Press ? What a gentlemanly investigation! How proud Collingwood must be of its' member— Mr. Embling Argus. 