THEATRE ROYAL. Mr Montgomery made his laBt bow for the season at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, before an excellent house. He chose for his laBt appearance the character of Macbeth, in which he was sup ported by Mrs Hill as Lady Macbeth, Mr Kayner aa Macduff, Mr Brown as Banquo, Mr Musgrave aa Duncan, Mr Morrison as Malcolm, Mr Batson 88 Hecate, and MieB Elmore and Messrs Hill and Searle as the " weird siBters." Mr Montgomery's Macbeth iB a fine piece of acting, as everything from bo gifted an artist is sure to be, but it is not better, to our thinking, than several impersonations of the Thane previously seen here. However, we do not care just now to compare Mr Montgomery with other actors. We prefer to compare him with him self more than with others—more with other readers of the play than with other realisations of the character. In physique Mr Montgomery looks every inch a very manly and warlike Macbeth, and in his kingly robes, after Duncan's murder, no more imposing figure has ever been seen on this stage. The Macbeth, however, which was exhibited to us was the conventional Mac beth in so many particulars that we felt it was leas Mr Montgomery than the "old school" artist who was before us. True, there were several little flashes of the newer realism of the natural and the unconventional, and one or two of those touohing and eloquent silences which arc bo natural and so powerful, and which give to Mr Montgomery's reali sations so much of their vivid effect. But the character is one of those which is not sailed for the display of that transcendent refinement and scholarly intellectualism which distinguish this artist's Hamlet, and make it to our thinking the highest impersonation of that character ever ex hibited here. There is plenty of robustious decla« mation of necessity in Macbeth, srsd Mr Montgomery in rant and violence of gesture is like Samson shorn of his locks. His strength is in the silent and the refined, or in those terribly tragic displays of abso lute terror and mortal agony which mark the last hours of Louis XL, or Mortimer, or Macbeth. In mere vociferation and physical exertion of limb he is in some sense but as others. In his Maobeth we even bad the old stage vice of verbal abuse, and heard of being''Ker-ibbed" instead of "cribbed." But this was the only instance our ear caught of this descent to the vulgar, and was most likely a mere Blip, though it may be taken to show bow dangerous to an actor of tbe highest capacity are the exigencies of a character wherein the artist is coerced, as it were, to violence snd precipitancy. While, however, we havofaid that Mr Montgomery's Macbeth is nearer the level of other tragedians of rank, we do not mean to imply that it baa none of those meritB which make his appearances a special pleasure to the playgoer. Ever and anon there were most eloquent touches of nature in tone, in expres sion, in gesture, in silence, and pure beams of nature lighting up the commoner incidents of the drama, and giving to what ia necessarily conventional be cause natural a higher charm than coarser minds can invest the character with. In the dagger Bcene, for instance, there was more refinement than is usually shown, There was less of that clutching at air than iB usually displayed, the mind of the Thane being made to have less of absolute bewilderment as to the vision than we sometimes have seen. A recent old world critic has contended that Macbeth was a worse charuuter than his wife, and that whiie she only seconded bis ambition and spurred him to the ac complishment of what he himself first broached to her, and then lost her reason in the returning ascendancy of repentant conscience, Macbeth goes through the whole business without any conscience save of fear. Mr L'laydcn, tbo writer referred to, cites from Milton to show tbat Satan was more repentant in remorse than Macbeth. Ah! whoroforo, ho doaorvod no such rotum From mo, -whom ho ereatod what X was, In that bright eininonco, and with his good Upbraided nono. Bat almost precisely similar citations might be made from " Macbeth" as in tbe soliloquy jusc before the murder— Besidos, this Duncan Hath borno his faculties so meek; hath been So clear in his great offico, that his virtues Will plead liko angels. Yet it is impossible not to recognise the force of tbe theory advanced by Mr Clay den and some other commentators. It is not sorrow, or noble fear of wrong, so much as fear of tbe loss of reputation that -moves Macbeth. Immediately alter the passage last cited, we have in the closing of the very sentence it self a glimpse of that, as it is the "trumpet-tongued" prochmalion of the murder, the blowing "the horrid deed in every eye" that aeems to disturb the mur derer. So, just after, when debating with his wife and saying " we will proceed no further in this busi ness," it seems that he has arrived at that conclusion as a matter of personal policy, not as the result of gratitude or moral horror at the "deep damnation of the taking off." Ho hath honored mo of late; and I have bought Uolden opinions from all sorts of people, AY hich would bo worn now in thoir noweat gloss, Not cast asido so soon. —But he does notrsay of Duncan as Sstan does of God:— Ho deserved no such return from mo. And so on all through. Lady Macbeth dies of the murder, as it were, in its moral results, but her hus band dies trom no " compunctious visitings of con science," murders on and on, and all to make him self safe, until at laBt be himself is killed by the I retributive sword of the wileless and cbildlecs Mac ' duff. This was Mr Montgomery's Macbeth, if we succeeded in understanding it. Intellectual fear, unscrupulous ambition, bloody and cruel, of these there was enough, of conscience little or none, and thus we are inclined to think the general ides of the character is most certainly pourtrayed, and thus Mr Montgomery pictured for us the poet's creation. We have already mentionod the occasional niceties of elo cution, of silence, of expression, of gesture which marked tbe impersonation, and we may add that the death scene was very differeet from many we have witnessed on the same boardB. It had none of thoie terrible spasms and horrible clutchings and writb ings which we sometimes seo, but it was none the less powerful in its eflect, but rather the more im posing in its quieter likeness to nature. There were some little differences in the business of the piece. For instance, the line of ghosts stretching out, aB Mac beth fears "till the crack o'doom"was not visible as it generally is. It was as unseen to the house as the " air-drawn dagger," the actor looking off the stage at the passing spirits whose mournful march how ever only horrifies and does not solten. Mr Mont gomery was called several times before tbe curtain. Mr Rayner also had a Bpecial call, and while men tioning tbe incident we may compliment that gentle man upon his excellent rendering of the part of Mac duff, though, in avoiding the too often committed fault of overdoing the business in the scene where he first learns of the murder of his wife and children, the octor seemed to a little underdo it at first. That was, however, made right at last, and thus the crucial scene in the part was managed extremely well.- Mr Rayner made also a most manly and martial looking Macduff. HrB Hill gave sn intelligent read ing, and one that disclosed a cloee acquaintance with the book. The actress is not gifted with the tragic capacity required for the part, but her nice occasional emphases and general judiciousness made the part very valuable in its presentation. The witch scenes were well managed and the music was satisfactorily rendered, a nice soprano voice being contributed to the choruBeB by—according to the bills—a Miss Millner. This evening Miea Kate Denia will make her debut in tbe burlesque of " Black-eyed Seusan." Patrons of the Theatre Royal will also observe that monthly tickets are again obtainable at the box office. 