THE PLEASURES OP AN EDITOR. "What! Buy tho Morning Roaror and edit it ? Not' if i know it, thank you. You don't BOO why I shouldn't? Well thon lot rao tell you I'd rather turn briukmaker, coallicaver. woodcutter, foncer, ditcher, anything rather than turn editor again." Bump-, tioue, littlo man, was excited ; his small dark eyes' glittorod like a ferret's ; hie hair, short, wiry, and rad, at the beet of times grew upwards instead of down- ward*, and looked like tho clipped mane of a horse ; now ? it stood fairly upright, bristling with excitement, liko tbo.hair on tho neck of a Scotch t-rrier whoo ratting ; it plainly said, " No, sir, you can't impoeo upon me-. it won't do. I can't allow it for a moment;" Itnmused moto draw him out, and so 1 asked him, why not ? '. Why not ! Do you know what sort of man on oditor must hp, and what sort of life bo loads ? No ! Then listen. Ia tho first place, ho must be an encyclopaedia, he must know overytbiug. He's no uso at all if ho doosn't. Nothing on earth, in the nir, sky, ocean, or any otbor corner must bo strnngo to bim ; literature, arts, sciences, manu- factures, industries of all kinds must bo at his fingers' ends, lio mustto an actor, sculptor, engineer, doctor, lawyer, and politician, and ablo to eritioise and damn tho, lot of thom. Ilo must know everyone ; ''who's born j who's doad; who's dying, and who's going to dio, and who's i-oing to bo born. Tho only thing ho's not oxpoctcd to know are such trifles as home, peace, quiet, comfort, and his wife and children. ' Ho must nover want any sleop, but treat it as a dolusion and a snaro; andas fordinner, no man is fit for an editor who cannot make his Sunday s 'dinnor last him tho week. Be an editor indcod ! Ugh,' tho ¡doa is horrible.! Pass tho wino." Aftor viciously cracking a few walnuts Bumptious resumed: "No, Frank, it won't do ¡ it's a dog's lifo with a dog's payment. A man's temper must bc angelic. Ho must rather liko being called a liar and' scoundrel' than otherwise: Ho munt emile : at all scurrilous salutes from angry correspondents.' Then tho actual work-you've no conception of it. lt's the old story over again-making bricks without straw. Take Dullpate's speech and report it : You've first to put it into shape, Btiffen it with orgumont, supply it with grammar, cut out tho twaddle, and make it in- telligible, and next day Dullpato calls nnd blackguards you for not rt por ti ug him verbatim. Of courso such a cbnrming intorview clears your brain, and you sit down to your teador,- Tup, tap at your door boforo, you'fu written throe lines, mid in stops Mies Felicio Wurbler, toBhow you lier littlo poona, commencing-.' : Ala», my pot'of many days lina jost dona diing, Aud I, with bursting heart, must sit dowa crying, and so on for twenty elegant (tanzas, which she thinks will fill in nicely-the corner of your excellent pnpor. You must not offend her-ehe is u subscriber ; so with your best graco you assuro ber, regretfully, that :' the taste of oar community is not eufticiontly cultivated to appreciate such pootry as hera ;' j so with an air of interest, and without tho ghost of nemile, you must recommend hortolacnd'. it to a friend; of yours, tho oditor of tho Mudvillo Magazine, who, no doubt, will bo delighted, i Tho lady gono you tncklo your londor again-porhaps a knotty point on some constitutional question-you wish ti do it well, look up authorities, tirrango'your argument and so on ; the door opens-' Good morning, Mr Heditor, ' and in walks Fnrmor Mangold, ah im- mense turnip in bis hnnd, which ho"plices on your (ohio, to enable him to dra w'from his hugo pocket ono of tho largest, .longest, and probably tho dirtiest carrots you over saw or wish to BOO. By this, time your tablo is covered with Bpecirnonsof 1 Boglands,' which Man- gold wishes you to quóto for its cxtiaordinary'fortility; ho is going homo ns soon as ho can- sell' that dtsirablo farra. You bow him out as cheerfully os your exhausted patisnco will admit, and find a devil waiting at tho door. You know at onco ho'wants' 'you. ' Copy ' is written on his face. I boliovo theso imps enjoy tho'tortures they put you to. They, know ns well a* you do that you're uot prepared-have not ri lino written ; but your timo is up-^-it's no uso- satisfy them in soma shape you must. In desperation you toko the scissors and out out something, knowing nil tho timo that you will bo.'over-sol'-anything to Bend away tho horrid spectro. I believe no. man mord fervently hates the devil'and all his', works than an 'editor docs." ' So saying, tho' littlo man stops for breath, looks vacantly at tho decanter, and in a fit of abstraotion, ro fllls liÍB plass, and duo's not recover his prosenca of mind' until it is ompty again. As soon SB ho does, ho takes unothor, and walks to the firoplace. Finding him Bilont, 1 look up. nnd say, " Well, anything moro ?" This starts him again. " Moro! 1 toll you, you pocplo who quiotly road your papor, and cannot take your 'cocoa and egg without it, know nothing about tho labour- hard, con- tinue-us labour, wearying vexatious brain work-which goos to tho making up ofthut sheet which you idly scan, and then toss asido, with a muttered ' Nothing in it.' Balli Nothing in it? it makes mo wild whon 1 hear a man eay this. 'Nothing in it ! Giro that samo paper which you havo contemptuously thrown down to a man, say in prison, or nuywhoro away from tho haunts of men, Did M'Cluro and bis noblo companions, frozen up in tho regioiiB of eternal ice, say ' Nothing in itt' when they got it paper from home! No, indeed, tho very advertisements teemed with lifo, intollig. nee, hoppe, fears,'and what ie dear to ovoryouo-news from homo, lt matterod not what country he called 'home, or from what quarter of tho globo ho camo/ho was cor tain to find Bomothing to intorest him, nud for which ho was thankful)." ? "Truoold boy," I rejoined ; "but wo can't oil goto tho North Pole on a pio- iiio excursion on purpose te enjoy our newspaper. Poko the firo please." " No, I don't want you, but I'want to Bhow you what a luxury a paper in, and like all luxuriös, how it is mada up from tho necessities and deprivation of others. Not ono in a thousand over thinks how much learning,' caro, labour, and ocaseless industry is ro 'quired to sdprly him with his morning nows, and tower still of tho anxiety, worry, and comfortless lifo an editor has. Of course, much doponds upóu tho character of tbs man and tho class of paper he odits. In tho larger offlcuB thoro. is much division' bf labour; but in many instances tho whole-work of a1 paper, not mechanical, falls upon th« editor: ? -AVhon this is I tho cose, i£ ho ia an honest mau, with fair, abilities, he is anxious to do Ilia work a«d tuen he really; j* ono of-tho hardest worked n. 'en.\° BD/ £a,1»?S °*[t{al I know whet it>, and ? »h.">ddP«;. at thought of again undertaking such a rcepoi. "bihty. - By ibis., limo Bumptious bvd cP?led d<¡w<l. puffed our cigars in eilonco for som 9 «nie. Bumptious' woe getting cool t thoro was no fu."1 j»,» «. .<>«» times.', Tp.stir bini up ognin Isaid, "lolitic* must ber a great'rolibf .tonn editor/' . "' n¿ roso'immediately. "Politics, eir, 0 ïollcf'. I Uli .you, an editor-hates the very un mo. eoe's so» much of. tlio, .baseness, Bbiftmoss, self seeking, aye, andr positively íightdówn barefaced lying, that he must bo disgusted. Ae.boBineea ho accepta it of necessity, but it is oshea in his month.. Ono day he reports Mr. I>. Rascal's spooch'ot a public meoting. The next morning ho receives a letter- from that . gentleman signed 1 Honesty/ exposing the fallacy and clop trap of bia own outpouring. ' Whichever party' succeeds,.ho wants a billet, and any thing' ho eau dtv'say, orwritoto enenro eucoess, he is pVépnred for. Doctors and lawyers ara commonly said- to. view different aspects of human nature. T' think on editor BCCS ns much OB either, and will gonerally side with tho lawyer. 'No, sir ¡_ depend upon ir, politics improvo no man ; thoy. blunt hie moral sensibility; be has so often to compromiso between the riglit and tho expedient that they, soon bocome syno- nymous tornis." , . " No doubt, no doubt-. Bumptious,"- I broke in. You'ro quito right. Chatham was a' humbug, Pitt an ass. Halifax trimmed always on the winning nido, Franklin, tx>,' was just1 us unprincipled ns tho rest. A nico lot, woron't thoy T-all going in foreolf, as proved by tho enormous fortunes thoy made." ? . r !.' Don't chaff, Fred. God forbid I should mean that hundreds" bf good men havo not honestly and manfully worked for their country, with no sordid ends- in viow ; ; but tboso'nro exceptions. But I uphold that nono of your fnvourito statesmen woro mado hotter men by fo\lowing polities. You can't travel a dirty road without dicking up somo of the mire." .' Well, don't preach, and I. won't chaff. How do you. get on with correspondents?" \- - " Wo seldom gut letters that wa caro for, or that will pay for tho timo and trouble of perusal and correction. A'o'vo plonty of offers of assistance. Ono will, if agreeable, send us a lender-on some pot scheme ol' his own. -An- editor i* often amused, and eoractitnea angered, by tho cool woy in which somo ono proposes t9 make a t>ol of himsell and his paper. They Seem to think hois a fool, and BO ho ie if ho remains at,his post ono duy longer tbiMi ho can holp. So I must declino pororhptorily, decidedly, and-most emphatically your obliging suggestion to buy tho ' Scnndal Town Koaror." I don't mind hard work. I'm usod to» abuse. Ivo an averago eh aro of brains, and more than the average-want of cash. Yet I must waut both in a .greaterdegreo before I can ontcrtnin any such-proposal, 1 nm weak enough to have a lingering regard for my wifo'; -hhd inj? children, bores as they are, aro not dis .tasteful to mo., 1 know somothing of thom now, and what homo means'; nnd certsinly I ara "not prep.ired tu give thom nil up for tho pleasure-of conducting a I journal ' of small circulation, whero tho- burdon of tho work fells ou tho editor." BUSnBAMOERS IN JHE MultRUMniDIBE DlSTBlCT. Dutiug, tho past week bushranging exploits havo .'again affardod.au inexhaustible subject fur town tu k. Every doy somo. fresh,story baa boen' brought in of tho I robbery'of & station or of the sticking up of a squatter. ' Oho satisfactory fcaturb about theso uffuiiB is, that not- withstanding tho number of thu robberies, with' tho ex- ception of horseflesh, very little valuable property baa boen lost. Tho squatters on tho river and tho back country of tho Morool aro far too wise to keep any great nraouut of cash about their stations; and bushranging in these districts is therefore never likely to prove a very prolitablo 'speculation. Last night the town was startled, with tho nows of tho sticking up ot tho Junco hotel, but even thoro tho booty obtuincd by tho robbors wno inconsiderable. Blue Cap and his gang aro all.-well acquainted with the down ri vor and Merool country, and a's long us they romain Ibero they will find it .comparatively easy to bullio the polie-, but as in thia quarter thoy can never hope to do much be- yond supplying tbomaolvea with food, clothing, and good horses, it is unlikely thal they will remain thoro much longer, und wo' shall probably eoou hoar of their , breaking cover for districts whero the population is [denser, and tho daily uso of hard eash ia moru.com mon. A further accouut says:-Tho bushrangers area ilL I continuing their career of lawlessness down the river. On Friday week lest they rode up to Mr. Sim lair's sta- tion, Çownbeo, nnd .remained there for tho night. They ¡did not tike anything of any valuoaway with -thom in tho morning, und conducted themselves during their stay rather quiolly. Ono pf theui whiled nway tho dulncss of tho evening by compelling Mr. Puter Sin \ clair to play draughts with him. Tho next night ikey stuck up Mr. Kennett's station, and liol j ud themselves to somo'littlo neecEsaties from the storo, but failed to obtain any valuables. Tho next day they foll in with ' Doolan, who it will bo remembered woúuded Blue Cap in tho onoounter_ in . tho preceding wcek^ nnd compelled him to, ga with thom. Attar this they .etuck-up Mr. Clnrlto's house at, Bolero "o,nd t liera íómmoncod drinking. Bluo .Oap nt |-la'at became SD drunk that Williams, who appears to bo tho teador of thu gong, compelled a stockman to put him in a wheelbarrow and throw him iuto tho dam.. After giving him n good ducking ho was ploa'Bcd to pormit his hoing dragged in n half drowned Btuto from the,.water.' While, ut thia plieo tho' busk« tnng'ors woro'very noisy, boastful, and quarrelsome, mid doolaied that it was their intontion to stick-up Notth, .Yagga Wagga and to place a Bontiuol on the bridge with, loaded flio-nrms , to prevent assistaneo hoing rendored from this eidb. Tho feat would bu rather a dangerous one to attempt, and. is nevor very likely to bo oxeouted. After' leaving' Mr, Clarke's .thoy pro- ceeded to tho elation of Mr. Flood und' thora' mado 'themselves quitd 'aF homo, helping thomsolvoa to all they needed nod , compelling a young Indy, named Davis1, who was staying iii the houso, to play for their mnueomont sovoral airs upon the piano. ' They ni BO ,visited, Mr. Patterson, at Uinyab, upd failing hore, as at mosi öthor plaças, to obtain any enshj they informed Mri' ' Patterson T that' thoy would cull at his station again.'shortly,, and if hu then had not £20 ready fdr,'thom they would burn tho placo down. . Sinei}', their departure front Mr, Flood's wo havo obtairtod no fur thor information of their niovo 'monts. Siseo,tho pljoyo waa, in type, a repot t has readied towii Uiat, about ' 2 o'clock yesterduy afternoon three buehrangorB stuck-up tho . Juiiuu hotel.' Ono of tho gapg is described, as a huif-cuBto and tho " Captain'' all these roBcalshavc a captain now-was styled by bia comrades '* Jockoi" From Mr, Williums,' landlord of tho hotel,,they took ¿2 and somo loose silver. A dealer who-bappçnbd'.to bo there.', was cased of a Bilvcr watch, and chain, and 'from two other trien they took a horse, Baddie, and bridle. Thoy did not remain long.at tho hotel; and « hon Inst buen. Wero going'in thu direction of tho station pf Missis. Hasch and Collin. 'J hough tho description given of theso men scarcely tallies with that '¿of.the Blue Cap gang, tho two parties will probably 'turu, out to ba identical. lt is scarcely within the range of probability, that two distinct parties should select tho same, or nearly tho sumo, Hold for their thieving operations.-? Wagga Wogga Express, August 31» , . IKO.ORST AT B»RBOWA.-The inquest on tko romains of thu old shepherd,. Matthew Sullivan, found dead at Corcornn's Plains, was held in the Court-boueo before the diatrlot ooronef, W. D, Campboll, Esq., on Tues- day last. Witnesses woro examined who deposed to the dcoeased being in' tho hat it ul' indulging ireely in the use bf intoxicating drinks. After it short deliberation, tho foreman of. the jury handed in tho following ver diot-" Wo find thin Matthew Sullivan, aged ubout seventy yonrs, diod,of inlemporanoe, and from exposure, to weather."-Correspondent Yuss Courier. . DEÍTUUCTION OP Sn Blip nv lins Uno ss,-Tho flecks bf Mr. Yut-s have ;again been uttucked by tho bluaks» and DOO of thom destroyed. Tho most horrible part of tba story ie that, tho eavagos caught their viutims. ,opened them up, took out tho caul and kiduey fat, and thou let tho wretched nnimals go alivo. Thia is a BpcoieB of atrooity muoh moro common than tho j general public aro piobablv aware of. Human biings have been .destroyed in as ruthless a manner, and'ovon with groBeor barbarity than was used to , thoko, poor sheep, but tho 'hideous details of n Buvago inroad are nnflt for goneral perusal. We cannot Bay that tho raccnt outtago causes ua any great surprise ; it' is well known that the coast blacks oro a very fierce bloodthirsty, nico-tiny have much greater personal, atrcDgth and coursgo than tho blacks of tho interior, and havo always been dillioultto subdue. Mr. YótcB has for somo time .been depasturing his sheep, apon tho coast reservo botweon this and Bowen, lt wlil.be remembered.thal not long il nco un unfortunate shopherd was murdered, und 400 sheep .stolon ut tho ! samo station.1 Tho nativo pol ico had gone out in chuso of tho criminals, but from tba nowa received have pro». J uAui; rnurnou to baitaoiu, -Alwokuy ilorgury. 