SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. " A REAL GOOD THING." , Reader, have you ever speculated in racing j Has it ever been your iinhappy fate to take an I interest in a prominent favorite for the Derby or Leger ? To scan with feverish anxiety the quoted odds in the papers of the day ? I never could understand those odds. Why do the1 caterers for, the better information of the racing world, whose lucubrations are honored with a place in the daily papers,' give" those tempting odds? Who ever could get them? I never, heard of any one that could. You have a' pCt outsider in your eye—he is well bred I — his blood iaunexceptionable—but he has never I been out—is one of the dark lot, in fact. You takeup yoursporting paper, and read " Thunder, bolt one hundred; to one offered"—it means simply that no one will" lay you those odd*. You go. about /begging for ; th8m; at last some public-spirited bookmaker says, as he has done ;a~good deal of business with you, that he will, as a particular favor, lay TOU, mind, only you, fifty to one. It was only the other day I heard' a gentleman ask a well-known layer of odds" for the quoted price about a certain animal; the bookmaker- offered about one-half. "Well," says the gentleman, "the papers give so and SO;" "Ah,?- return? the bookmaker, "but then, you see,1" sir, the papers don't betwhich ! argument being unanswerable, my friend puts Up'With what he could get.. Well,,this is a.-j digression—far away from " the good thing." I was about to write, about—I mean "the greatest certainty - nut" - -of the prophets, tipsters, et hoc. genus, omjie, in. whose breasts the milk of ;humaU kindness is so overflowing, that, for swearing filthy lucre fprthismselves, they mag nanimously offer their patrons a fortune—ay, aind such an one, too, as even Crcesus himself might envy, and not all the golden sands of far famed Pactolus of old could produce—and all this,-gentle reader—hold your breath, I pray!—, for the modest sum pf 13 postage stamps. Was ever such single-minded generosity heard of in days .of yore? Surely all those who deny .the noble nature of the British " tout," must be scurvy-pated knaves indeed!. The auri sacra.| /amCs, that consumes the very vitals of the leBS -virtuous portion of creation, is. spurned with scorn-by ..Vates^of the English turf.' "Will he not forego a princely income -forrhimself, 'his luxiiriouBtown-house,. and cozy suburban ; villa, withits consequent entourage of subservient knd flattering ' friends,. aU : for, your"' benefit, my ft friend? .Of c. course- .-he -will.:. Talk iof.; the; ^ Gracchi, . of - -Quintus ... Curtius,' of" that. long., line of ~heroes",* whose deeds are chronicled jin Jhistory'sj pages, who thought it doteeet decorum iyropatria inori"-r-wh.yt it is .folly, -downright, sheer, nonsense, . What ;did; they do ? Give their' lives 'for their country's weal ? Surely that is nothing, and sinks into in significance, when compared with the philau thrppy'of our modern prophets, who spurn ithe lbng:odds, iand5 wealth untold <forIthem?elves, in order that they may stuff the. pockets, of the; deaf ; confiding - British /public; and then, too, howUnodestly they do.it—actually for; 13 post age stamps V Who shair say : that . virtue has IeffTthis vile earth ?" Ultima post omnesterras astratreliquit" but surely virtue still remains amongst these hard-working, self-denying 1 (touts " of the nineteenth century—" Fiatjus titia, rout caelum"—Well, how about the good thing ? Did I not in an evil moment take up > newspaper, and read, "Mr. Plantaganet" Jones, being intimately connected with the largest racing establishments in Eng. j land, is .'in a position to forward to gentlemen the certain" winner of .the Derby, now at good odds—for the sum of thirteen postage stamps Mr. P. J., being satisfied that he can have made no mistake, asks only a nominal sum for his adduce, and relies on the honor of " his patrons forra. Hberal. percentage' "on ^nnifigs.." .Surely nothing could be more plain,"straightforward^ and honorable than this. So. thought I, un happy I—so tEougbt " many another, no doubt, and jo rouleaux of-stamps rolled into Mr. J. P.'a net. " I sent—must! own the soft impeach-; ment?—to that model of virtue and self-abne gation : thirteen'-postage" stamps, and a stamped, directed envelope—and, in due course of post, received the following:—" Sir, get on Fleet wing . at tonce he can give anything in the race a atoned andin;—P. J. - P.S.^-rBack him for a raker, it is coining money." Of course I was charmed'; here7 was the- golden -opportunity I had been looking-for all my life. At last I might say "Eureka." J'"'Back him for a rakerof. | course I would, and then after.the eventful day— a moor in ScoMand'and'a salmon |iver loomed in the distance—how charming were those chateaux j enFspggneA. AY-hat# lucky feUowI was,! How I looked up the 'horse's two-year-old perform^; | -ances in- RuffIvHow^-magnified his victories, and ^hat^lausibTe"«buses'I made for his, .defeat's! How I-ieamtoff by;heart his pedigree and was never tired of showing that it was j, moral impossibility that anything could have the ghost of a chance with my favorite I Fleet wing's .career, as a two:year-old, had been more than average^-and at; -the-time: I received the disinterested advice alluded to above, he was in .stalled third favorite.at the respectable price of fifteen to one.-That; is A good price for any man to get on the certain winner of the Derby at—it was worth a. plunge,-, and" I plunged ac cordingly, taking those odds to £500, or, as it is -beautifully and;enphoniously -termed in turf parlance, to "a monkey.-'_. - - Well, time passed on, the 'wiriter fled, and in due course -Fleetwing- was pulled out to meet his spring erig^eihehts at 'tne-mbtropolis of. the turf in the.-Graven .Meetingf T-I& rau for and; won the Biennial—to he sure there was nothing; in .the ffield better,; thanr"platers,'! but stili the voice of the prophet' P. J. sang his praises—the performance was called splendid; and .on'e^whiclfi raised .him "to thp highest." pinriacle^of equine excellence.' T confess I could;.! not see it; but.then I was, verdant—very. ~-Tr could not make'"but.hbw it came about - that j-if' the performance were so good, there should be fad mahy-kindaccomm'odating individuals always ready to put money into my pockets, and those; j of the other disciples of. the prophet, by laying against him; but so it was. I really eventually became overpowered; and overwhelmed by the deep sense of the obligation I was under to those kind people for the' free-and-easy way in I which they were apparently thrusting fortune .) j and.greatness on me—robbing themselves, inr fact,* to make ihe.! Fancy sfich luck 'for thirteen • postage stamps, and an indefinite promise! -Time still passed and fled, and the Two Thou sand Guiheas*'were lost and won—but not by Fleetwing! he did. not .put, in an appearance. - Why did he not?of, rather,; why fliould he? Was he not backed by hi3 noble owner, by his straightforwardnnd ,upright-trainer, and byithat confiding lamb, "the" British public, to win as : much money as would sink the Great Easfern ? —why then should he risk on Newmarket Heath when so.much was at stake on Epsom Downs? Nothing -df coufse- could 'be mora satisfactory I than.^uoh, ,an. argqment; it , was as clear as the sun at iicion. - •' Somehow or" other, -though. I was. not quite convinced, though of course I had no j right to be sceptical; and I did pluck up courage to indite a letter to my prophetical ad viser, and tell hiin that it seemed to me jif-he were such " a real good thing " for the Derby, he. could not possibly have lost " The Guineas;" in which case he would have coma to a short price for his grand engage-. ^ment^-ftt-^EpTOm, "-arid- his- -spmtfd -pwner, 'honest"" trainer;; Yates, myself, and. the British •public*:in general,, might have * stood a good ret.ake to nothing, in . consequence or the rednc .tipn-;of..the' .odds that ^buld necessarily JHav# 'followed his"' Newmarket1 '.victory. I mildly added,: that it: was impossible' to" make a! cer Kainty of winning a facein fact,'that;the horse might die j .for J remembered in iny school-. days having read in Horace, that death knocks at the doors of rich =nd poor alike—and if so why not at the sjahle door? 1 received, of courae, a haughty reply, such as befitted one who had donned the prophetic mm tie : It was one of those oo-vsl certaintiea that could, not be upset." I read, and believed. Time still sped—the struggle that was to make my fortune was.rapidly drawing near;— ; and with feverish anxiety I searched the papers each day for the latest betting, and the reports from training quarters. Ah! what snares and, delusions are these reports! The writers of them, as a rule, could scarce distinguish a horse from a cow. A bulletin was issued day by day by these worthies, giving, the latest particulars of the health and doings of the "cracks," andof Fleetwing's amongst the number. Amongst numerous other reports, I read the following:— "Fleetwing took a three miles' gallop this morn ing, led by York Minster and Eclipse. The pace was a cracker all through—Fleetwing was pulling over his two schoolmasters throughout, and on his finishing his gallop did not blow enough to put out a farthing rushlight." What could a poor devil do on the strength of Huchan announcement but put more money on? Keally I almost blushed to ask those good-natured bookmakers to lay me more money about the horse; but there was no limit to their kindness, they rather pressed the odds on me than other wise, I suppose to put me quite at my ease. Alas I I fear that the vivacious individual who . wrote the above glowing account of Fleetwing's gallop dreamt it, and tbat he was comfortably ensconced between the sheets at the time his too fertile imagination pictured to him Fleet wing & Co. dashing through the keen morning air that sweeps across those Yorkshire wolds. However, what did it matter? It broughtgrisfc to the mill of, the conscientious editor of the paper in whose columns.tbe statement appeared, and it charmed me and all Fleetwing's sup porters. And, on the strength of the " good thing" so industriously put about, the horse was backed for probably, more than anything else in the race. - At' length the Derby _ day arrived, big with the fate of. thousands of indi viduals, from peer to peasant. Whata: glorious inidrniiig it was ! and how-eager-every one seemed to be to get off! At an early hour I sauntered into a'Well-Tknown Club in St. James's-, square to meet the party with which I was going to the Downs, and to fortify with a good break fast the inner man against the toil and excitement of the day. I found a goodly number 'already assembled, discussing break fast, and washing it down with Yeuve Clicquot" and " Badminton." Of course the great race was- the all-engrossing topic, and each one was loud in the praises of his par ticular fancy. Presently a drag with four splendid bays drove up, and then there was a move as it rolled' away from the door; another took its place, till in due course of time it came to the turn of myself and party; and, after satisfying ourselves that Fortnum and Mason had not neglected their part in the day's per formance, we too followed in the human stream. It boots not to dwell on the oft-told tale of the road, and the facetious witticisms that fell on the ear in every direction. Suffice it to say, that, after "the customary chaff and fun,' we reached our destination in safety, and deposited ourselves, drag and all, in a good" situation!for seeing the race. Of course the first thing to he done was to go into the ring, to learn the latest state of the odds, and. find out if any: of the "cracks" had passed a bad night. We found, however, that no material change had taken place. Oh ! what a sight that ring; is ! There was the Leviathan shouting out in;his -stentorian voice, and offering to lay. the odd3 against anything and everything in hundreds or in thousands, as best suited the fancy of I his audience. . " I'll lay five hundred to a hundred against Dioraedi" " Twelve hundred to one 'hundred against Fleetwing." He had scarcely got-.the latter words out of his month, when a fair-haired dragoon, one of my party, said quietly, "Put It down." He was bufe a hov, that dragoon, but he had ridden with the "immortal" six hundred in the charge at Balaclava. At length a bell rang, ana the" horses were brought out for the first raoe of the day. For a space, a very brief space, attention was diverted from the big race, and the more inveterate gamblers transacted a little business oh the event about to be immediately decided. This.was hardly run off,-when all interest again centred in the Derby. At length, after the 'usual number of preliminary races, the bell rang to clear the course for the " piece de resistance"—the race of the day. "What a Babel is that ring now ! "Nothing"but one'.continued roar. " I'll lay against Her cules." "Five to one bar one." "Fll lay a level thousand Fleetwing ain't in the first -eight," We had at length", by dint of a great deal of patience and perseverance, edged our Way into the saddling paddock. I and all my party were - anxious to~ look at Fleetwing. - What did we care .for the other horses ? Was it not a moral certainty for our horse? Of .course it was. At length a buzz was heaird, and Hercules came along—a fine bright chesnut, with a coat, like satin—long and low, his fore-, legs were like pillars of steel, and his con dition -was perfect, the -muscles standing out ih great- knots, like "coils of iron. Next followed-Diomed; a grand horse to look at, but rather light and. corky—one that seemed as if speed rather than staying was his " forte." Then others of lesser pretensions; and then Fleetwing came on the scene, his owner by his side, and led by his trainer. He .certainly was a picture, as far as symmetry went, with a white blaze on his forehead, and legs that no amount of work could injure.1 But verdant though I was, thanks to my bringing up, I was not verdant enough to be blind to the fact that he was not half prepared, find that the Derby was not his_ journey, In Spite of all the fuss and ostentatious parade of which he was the centre. What was to be done ? Time was nearly up. Oh, Vates! had I met you then, I fear your prophetic career would have come to . an. untimely end.. Would the correspondent from training quarters have fared better ? I think not. I remembered every line of his bulletin—how tho horse galloped, how on pulling" up he did not blow.enough to put out a rushlight. . Standing still wa3 useless, some tiding must be done. I turned my head and saw the horses sweeping past in their preliminary canters. I heard a sudden shout of admiration— a bright cheBtnut was skimming along over the •ground, with a long, low, raking striae—it was 'Hercules. I waited for nothing more.; I was : satisfied,' and forthwith I dashed back into the ring;. V Nothing risk, nothing have," j men tally ejaculated. I could not stand to lose a clear six-hundred pounds quietly. Scarcely had I entered the magic circle, when I heard a well known bookmaker offerthree hundred pounds to bne hundred pounds against Hercules. " Put 'itidown,''.1 said. : ^Again, sir?" was the only reply; Yes," I nodded. Five times over the -hfitr was~offered, and-five-times over it was ' accepted by me. And I really think, if it had been offered fifteen -times, I should have. ■ accepted' it, so favorable an impression had Hercules made on me,; and so irate did I feel at having allowed myself to be led; fey the great prophet. And now the horses were at the starting post ; there was the usual number of false starts, and there was that " inevitable" dog, without which no Derby could b6 a i Derby. With a great deal of struggling I managed to get out of the ring, and dashed frantically across the course. I don't know whether I or "the dog" came in for the greater amount pf execrations and hooting; it was about even betting between us. A friendly- drag, however, was close at hand, and I just managed to reach the top of it, when a deafening roar- rent the air, " They're off—they're off!" and sure enough they were. Now they are out of sight; and how anxiously is their reappearance watched for ! The seconds seem hours; at length, on they come, streaming, through the " furzes." "Hurrah"!" "shouted my pale-faced friend, the dragoon, "Fleetwing wins!" ;He looked well enough at the time, but he was a long way from home, and that dreaded corner had to be passed. On they .fly. amid a cloud, of dust; they sweep round Tat tenhani Corner into_ the straight" run in. And now where is Fleetwing, the pet pf the prophets, " the real good thing?5' He seems distressed, and is compounding rapidly. Oil .they"come, fast as the lightning-flash, witfl; to the un-" practised eye; but little to choose between them. At-last trie cords are reached, and, ras if by. magic, two sho(?t out from the rnek. One'is a bright chpsnut— Hercules, as I live 1 "and the other a despised outsider—Flatcatcher. On they come amid a. roar pf voices-from.throats .ip tens of thousands" Flatcatoher wins," " The favorite wins !" and, so locked together, stride by stride,1 the chair is neared., Whichever wins this will be no bloodless victory. At last one seems to forge slightly, very slightly, ahead of the other, and the fatil chair is passed. No man knows which has won. 'Some say it is n,' dead heat; others offer to back one horse ag.iiiist the other. At length suspense is at ah' end. -Up go the numbers — No. If) first;. No'.; 8 Second. The -Derby is lost 'and' wot,1 "and Hercules has gained tha blne ribahd of the turf, while Flatcatcher oMajusr -secoiKl honors. But -where is the "Teal good fffiing," the moral certainty ?" " Poor Fleetwing ! now has thy glory! departed-; can that be thou thatl see trotting in, far in the rear, leg-yreary, and with .drooping head!" And now that the riddle is/ solved,, the dragoon is; bemoaning ; his lost ; " century," and telling ine, by way of consoling himself, how Borry he'is I have been "hit5' so hard. People, when they lose themselves, take a savage delight in pitying their fellows in "Maw T /lAn'f. HL'-ft nif.r« T nftVPTV did, so I say nothing, but pull out my book, and band it to my pale:faced friend. He reads,, and bursts out in language most profane—, "Why, you have won!" " Of course I have," I say. "Howmuch?"istherejoinder. "Add it up," I reply. So he did, and iu spite of the great prophet, and "the real good-thing," he found I had cleared a cool nine hundred pounds on the race. Well, that was more by good luck than anything else; it rarely happens one can slip out of a " moral certainty ' as sue. cessfuliy as I did, and, after all,, it was a narrow squeak--" Won- by, . a short head," was the verdict of the . judge, which means, by about the length of one's hand. Need I say that that was my first as -well as my last " real good thing," and that ever since I have turned a deaf ear to the charmer (vulgo, tipster), :chann he never so wisely! And now nothing remained but for the winners to drink, the health of the recipient of the blue riband, and the losers to drown their cares !in champagne. Don't fall into the , error, dear reader, of supposing that because Fleetwing lost the Derbyhe was. a' badhorse ; far from it, he simply was not meant.- Neither his noble owner., nor ms upright and straightforward trainer, had a shilling on him for the race—they found he -was hardly good enough, and so they ran him with an ulterior object in view. The whole army of touts, prophets, and special corresppn 1 bamboozled! Did I drejain it ?; deuts had been or had I drank' too 'much - champaigu'e ? | I don't know,' but T have I:a diin and hazy idea of some little bird; whispering in my ear that I must not desert Fleetwing; for tbatjhe would yet win a great race, although he would have to perform again and again for the 'amuse ment and benefit (?) of1 the public. And then, at last, when his" former admirers had vojfced him a three-cornered brate. an'd one not worth training, he would come out iu his true colbrs. Some time afterwards I,left England, and bne fine morning, whilst sitting at breakfast in Naples, an English newspaper was brought ! in. I took.it up, and almost the first thing that caught my eye was' the announcement that Fleetwing had won one of 'the most important handicaps Pf the year, and that his owner and friends had netted an enormous stake. Did the Eublic back him when he won? No ; -if they ad done so he would have run nowhere, j So much for the moral cerfcainties of the touts and nrnriTinfa Pa ansa on/1 nwf rirtf watiw'fnief in1 them. -Temple Bar. 