HAMLET'S INSANITY. Two aged (but dishonest) vendors of fruit, a youth with fiery locks (who follows the crossing-sweeping profession), and Mr. M'KEAN, having formed themselves into a deputation, headed by Mr. KTTS, waited on us at our office, asking our- opinion regarding Mr. HAMLET'S post-mundane career, and if the adhesive, cohesive, positive, subjective, watery, oily, sublunary collyrium of the pentacapsular querimoniousness—interfering with the cucullated edematous of the hebdomadary impertransibility, caused the noble PRINCE'S madness. We said we scarcely knew, and referred the deputation to the Parliamentary Librarian. If the subjoined letter we received last week from the Royal Dane himself will throw any light on the matter, Messrs. SMITH, BROWN, JONES, and ROBINSON are welcome to the epistle. A. regard for the sacredness of private correspondence has hitherto * SHAKSPEAEE, latest (Is.) edition. SMITH, JONES (not C. E.), BBOWN, ROBINSON JACK and ROBEBT), A.M. BOB.HA.GE (Swanston- street); and H it. prevented our publishing this missive, but the public welfare demands that "friendship be blowed," and so we give it entire " Hades, July 25, 1867. "Mr. PUNCH.—Dear Sir—While I was in the act of ascertaining the truth that/acilis descensus averni, and sat with other shadows in the boat of the grim ferryman, I felt myself, despite the absence of " earth's glad light," a happy ghost. Every stroke of the oare brought me nearer my OPHELIA. I could have blessed the shaggy boatman who made the black waters rush past so swiftly. My father waited for me on the other side. I sprang ashore, and submitted myself to his embrace. He did it grandly; and with a gesture and dignity worthy of Mr. VINCENT CRUMMLES in his palmiest days: he exclaimed, 'Bless you, my boy! you done it clean, and pinked him slick!' Though LINDLEY MURRAY might have objected to the language, I did not; nor did the bystanders, who cried, ' Hooroar!' one of them ejaculating, ' Thim's toy sintimints !' The scene was touching. "OPHELIA, too, was there. The flowers she loved on earth decked not her hair, which was rather in want of a combing ; her cheek had lost its bloom, and assumed the delicate tint of a tallow candle; and her face might have been cleaner; but—I loved her still. With a wild cry of "Tis he! 'tis he!' (the bystanders now revelling in hooroars), she leapt into my arms, and shed tears—tears of salt-water and happiness. Poor old POLONIUS, who stood nigh, wiped his eye with the tail of his coat, to which delicate operation I directed OPHELIA'S attention. He said, * Take her, and be happy,' in the approved heavy-father style, and his discourse was in this wise:—"HAMLET, that poke behind the arras was scarcely parliamentary. I was only listening, which is better than inspecting blotting-pads, and didn't go for to do anytbink. I really wished when you spitted me I had not been there, but it was too late; however, I forgive you;' and the venerable old bloke joined our hands, and made us the happiest pair in Hades. When my mother and uncle came down there was an awful row; all the shadows bellowed ' Vengeance!' and the ultimate echoes taking up the cry shouted * Vengeance!' (very kind of the ultimate echoes). My mother wept copiously, and calling me her clie-e-e-ild, tried to fall on my neck, but I dodged, and she fell upon her facial promontory, which suffered considerably. " The bystanders laughed, I laughed, we all (including my uncle) laughed, but my mother continued in the water-cart business. My uncle grovelled upon his stomach, and begged for mercy. My father ordered the heaviest ghost present to walk up and down him for half-an-hour with the hottest anthracite boots on. After which, the House having resumed, my uncle, still prone, begged to explain. ' Upon his honour, the poisoning in the garden was only intended in the Pickwickian sense; he did it merely for a lark; he married the widow because he had made her a widow, and loved the orphan, HAMLET, muchly.' But noble natures are forgiving. My father bade the wretch rise, and said—' Tour doom I pronounce: Take that elderly female with the broken nose and crushed bonnet, and depart unto the uttermost limits of these realms, and return no more; comfort and cherish her, and never do it again. Now hook it quick.' Whereat the crowd cried ' Hooroar!' And so they departed, and when the gloom had swallowed them up I still heard her voice in lamentation in the distance. I recognised my uncle's tones as he said, ' Shut up, you old fool,' but the spirit of a queen still animated the old lady's breast, and she replied, 'You be blowed!' Touched by this proof of maternal pluck I was about to call her back, but my father said coldly,' Let her slide, HAMLET.' The rest I regret to say was not silence, for the bystanders again cried 'Hooroar!' and the athletic ghost (who promenaded upon my uncle) knocked POLONTUS'S hat over his eyes, while I kissed OPHELIA.—lam, sir, your obedient servant, "HAMLET." 