CHAPTER II. There was a general cackle and shriek throughout the colony, The Sentinel, in its leader, pointed out that here was an active police magistrate, a scion of the British aristocracy, in the full possession of health and strength, set on by a gang of ruffians in broad daylight, and held to ransome. Lionel, who, in spite of oblivion, strongly disliked his cousin, rode to town and urged action on the Colonial Secretary and the Governor. He told them at once that they need never ask the council for the money ; that he would pay the sum five times over out of his own pocket to release his cousin. He urged them to action on that basis, but the Governor and the Colonial Secretary 'hung in the wind,' and showed a great hesitation in * going about.' " He is per- fectly safe," said his Excellency ; ' ' you yourself, my dear Lionel, would never play out a solitary trump without a single court card in your hand. The bushrangers have get a poor hand and one trump; they will never play it until they are forced." And the Secretary said in the ante-room, " We will try to deal with them for yow, only the free-pardon business must be dropped. I know how fond you are of your cousin, and how deeply attached your cousin is to you. I have heard him speak of you. I perfectly well know the relations between you, and see how generously and high-mindedly you are acting. But I wish your cousin was a more respectable man. We may get him back, but the devil himself will never put his accounts right. You really must wait." "Arehis accounts seriously wrong?" asked Lionel. " Over four hundred pounds," answered the Secretary, sadly; "he will lose his appointment, I fear; and he is so brutal, so wild, and so fierce, that he is getting unfit for decent society. My dear Lionel, I am sorry to say so to you, but your cousin* is a ruffian." "Now, I'll tell you what I'll do with you," said Lionel to the Colonial Secretary (prime minister). " If you will get him back I will pay his ransome and set his accounts right. Will you do the other half for me, and give these pardons?" "I honestly don't think that we will. You heard the Governor :say that he was quite safe. Can his Excellency err ? Go along ! . go along ! " By and by Edward Hornby came back to town, ragged and footsore, in a red shirt and moleskin trousers, and resumed his position as police-inspector. His cousin Lionel, . through the instrumentality of the Colonial Secretary, had his affairs put right, and in such a way that Edward never knew who had done it. All that Edward ever said about the matter was that the bushrangers were kind to him, and that he had escaped, but was never safe until he got near town. Lionel went back to his station. His people were glad to see him again, and there seemed to be no reserve. about any of them, save one-the man he called the murderer ; the man who had tried to shoot his colonel at Gibraltar. This man was reserved. This man's expression was interrogatory, and the interrogation was, " How much do you know? " I am sorry to say that he liked this ruffian. This man watched Lionel about everywhere, in the wool-shed, in the sheep-yards, in the stable, and his look always said one thing-" How much do you know ? " At last they spoke. Some sheep were lost in the scrubby ranges, the hunting-grounds of Lionel, after a gale from the south-west, and .Lionel took this man with him on horseback. When they were alone together, Lionel said :-" You have something to say to me, Jordan. I have seen it in your eyes for days." And Jordan said-" I have nothing to ask of you save one thing-how much do you know ? " " About what ? " " Well, you are a gentle- man, and would not have me murdered ; and there is no one to hear us but the parrots, and they won't peach, though they can talk. About this bushranger captain?" "He is alive and well. Beyond that #1 know nothing of him." " That will do. Don't say a word more. But mind this, governor,-I am the only real old hand you have round you ; and I went near death for a girl once, and I would go near death for you. If you know anything more than you have chose to tell me, don't let it out among those twopenny clyfakers and prigs up at home. There is orders among convicts, I tell you. The bigger the sentence the higher the station. You haven't got more than a seven-year man among the lot up except me, and I'm a lifer. A man who has his sevenpenn'orth, or his fourteen penn'orth, unless he . accumulates in the colony, is only used by such men as me as a ticket porter. We make 'em fetcth and we make 'em carry, but in a business like this we never trust 'em-don't you." "In a business like this?" said Lionel; "what do you mean?" "That is no odds of yours. Only if you know anything, dont you talk. We know, and you are free from us. So Marks is alive and well, is he ? " " As far as I know," said Lionel. " I wish you would speak out." " Do you see that there ants' nest?" said the convict. " I see it." " The day I want to be tied naked on that ants' nest is the day I'll speak out," said the convict ; "not before. But if Marks comes near us I'll follow you. You are a queer lot, you swells. You are a queerer lot than us. What the dickens would become of you with our temptations I don't know." It appeared, however, that the bushranger was either dead or most suddenly and unaccountably quiescent. For five months no outrage of any kind was reported from any quarter. At the end of that time Inspector Hornby received intelligence of Marks being in hiding in the mountains in the south ; ' and getting leave, started immediately in pursuit. He was not, however, quick enough to catch him. He made the vermin bolt, how ever ; for two days after his arrival in those parts Marks reappeared, fifty miles to the south of him, and sacked a station. Inspector Hornby was almost immediately seen on the spot, but Marks was again too quick for him.- A very few days after, another station was sacked (" stuck up," as they called it), twenty miles further to the south, and within fifteen miles of Lionel's. He had no women about the place, and could easily have ridden to town and let Jordan the convict make terms for him, but he would not. He determined to stick to his post as a magistrate, and do his duty firmly. He rode always armed "with his carbine, on his well-trained young horse, and when armed and mounted thus he was a very formidable adversary for any two or three men.,, Jordan always rode with him now, also armed. A week passed and nothing more was heard. In- spector Hornby arrived one night at his cousin's station. He was shaved perfectly smooth, and showed every line in his i powerful, coarse, and violent face most unpleasantly. Not an agreeable looking man at all. They had not met since his cap- tivity, and he thanked Lionel in a manly, straightforward way for his exertions towards his release ; of other obligations to him he knew nothing. He went away smooth shorn in the morning, I in spite of Lionel's remonstrances on his danger, alone, and rode off into the bush towards the mountain. At mid-day there came a young mounted policeman, a stranger to that part of the country, asking to be guided in a certain direction. The way lay through some very abrupt, remote, and densely-tim- bered gullies, on the old hunting ground, whieh had struck Lionel as a very likely place for the haunt of the bushrangers. He communicated this to the trooper, and having dined him, set out with him on horseback, accompanied by Jordan. Lionel had, of course, his carbine-Jordan pistols. ..The ranges in which these gullies were situated were densely wooded, except in one or two places, where, on a spur which flanked one of the little glens, there would be an open, lofty place, of a few acres, free from timber, and just now blazing with flowers. With these exceptions the forest was dense. Coming to the most suspicious gully, and feeling themselves tolerably strong, they determined to give it some sort of a cursory examination. The trooper was to go on one side and they two on the other. There was nb sign of the enemy whatever. The trooper rode round the upper end of the gully, with his sword dangling and his carbine on his knee, and very soon was pushing on through the dense scrub on the opposite ridge, about three hundred yards^ from them. They had gone about a quarter of a mile in this order, when something terrible, sudden, and unfore- seen occurred. From among some dense acacia bushes there came a little flame of fire and a puff of smoke. By the time the report reached them, even at that short distance, the poor trooper was lying motionless on the ground, and his horse had started madly off homeward with an empty saddle. They were well concealed, and Lionel felt Jordan's hand on his arm. " Be perfectly still," he whispered, " and watch." There ap- peared from behind the bushes the murderer of the trooper. A very tall man with a great black beard, dressed in a red shirt, a cabbage-tree hat (like a sailor's straw hat), breeched and booted, most beautifully mounted, and carrying a pistol ready for use in his hands. " That is Marks," whispered Jordan in an excited manner ; " can't you cut him over ? " " Not from here," said Lionel, in a whisper ; "it is three hundred yards off, and my carbine is not rifled." "Watch him for a moment," said the convict, " and then follow me." The bushranger came out into I the sunlight, and pulled up his horse to look for one instant at the body of the murdered trooper ; then he turned his horse to the right down the glen, and rode on, at a foot pace, through the aromatic shrubbery, which brushed as high as his knees, looking round hin defiantly, yet cautiously. The other two turned their horses' heads the same way as his, and kept parrellel to him on the opposite ridge, but behind it, out of sight, and trotting. At a particular point, among some thick green scrub, Jordan laid his hand on Lionel's arm and turned his horse's head. Lionel saw that this was the place to wait for their man, now coming down the gully on the opposite ridge. The gully narrowed here, and it was evident from the rocks that the bushranger must come into the bottom, or even cross towards them ; and on the opposite side was one of those bald, healthy'flowery spaces which I have noticed before. Upsall around the forest rose sombre and silent. They waited but a few minutes when he emerged from the denser forest, riding at a foot pace and loading a pistol ; little dreaming, poor wretch, of the fate before him. Lionel was determined to arrest this man in one way or another. Five minutes before, just after he had seen him murder the trooper, he would have shot him down like a dog. But his temper had a little cooled, even in that short time, and he was no assassin. He got his carbine ready, his reins over his left arm, and waited. The bushranger came slowly on among the flowers, which reached to his knee, gaudy with his red shirt under the blazing sun in the open. His horse turned down a cattle track under the rocks towards them. A vivid, gaudy figure, even among the gaudy flowers-a figure never forgotten by Lionel to the day of his death. " He is near enough now," said the convict, in a fierce whisper. 'iFire." "I cannot fire without challenging," said Lionel, quietly. "Fool! '' hissed out the convict ; but Lionel did not mind. He rode quietly into the open, and, with his reins over his left arm, and his carbine at the * present,' said, in a voice which rung through the peaceful summer forest-" Stand, in the king's name ! " The answer was only an ill-aimed pistol-shott The bushranger hurriedly spurred his horse onwards ; but Lionel had covered him with his inexorable and unerring carbine. TJndei these circumstances he felt it his duty to society to take humar life; and, keeping his foresight moving to correspond;with thc undulations of the horse, he fired, and raised a ghost which was never to be laid again. The bushranger pitched heavily forwarc on his horse's neck, and then fell off on the left side, the sid( nearest to Lionel, the right leg hanging on the saddle for on( moment, until the last spasm had kicked the foot clear of the righ' stirrup ; then the man toppled headlong over, and lay perfectly still, as still as his innocent victim had laid not ten minute! before, and was lying even now. Lionel's practice with turkeyi and kangaroos had served him in good stead. He had riddec the earth of a foul and cruel fiend. It was mighty well; But thi old unutterable horror which he had felt after killing poor Come Brabazon in his unfortunate duel was strong upon him now, anc he shivered as though in an ague fit.. "By G-!" he said, turning to his companion, "I have killed another man" "You meant to didn't you ? " said his convict friend, " No ! no ! no ! a hundrec thousand times ' No.' I call God to witness that I would giv< my own life twenty times, and fifty years of purgatory, to brinj that poor corpse lying there to life again. It was the hunting instinct. I never meant it. I will swear-" " Swear at me if you want to swear," said the convict; " but stop that par ticular kind of noise just now. You have shot Marks, th< bushranger, haven't you, and earned the thanks of both house! of legislature?" With white, dry lips, Lionel said "Yes.' " Is your nerve sufficiently good to go and look at him ?" " ] am not afraid of corpses," said Lionel?." I only fear the ghost! which their memories raise arouud one." "Iought to see plenty of ghosts, then," said the convict, " if the memory of all that ] have seen, and all that I have heard, is to return in the form o: ghosts. But it don't." " I speak of what you have done,' said Lionel ; " have you ever killed a man ? " " Why, no. Bu stop this talk. We are in awful trouble. Perhaps I am tc blame. Confound you, you know you have done right. Wha are you afraid of? You will find it^necessary to keep thii business dark, for your own sake, for your own entirely. I wisl to point out to you that you want at this moment every bit o intelligence and nerve of which you are possessed. Leave th< horses to graze and follow me." Nee Coram, &c-a; good ole rule. I had meant to describe the scene which followed, bu find I am getting too close to the edge of the unwritten canon! which, very properly, confine the license of modern fictitioui , literature. Worse accidents than this present one have hap pened ; but little is gained by speaking of them. I have onb to say this :-When the convict had removed the artificial blacl beard from the head of the corpse, the face which Lionel sav staring with open eyes ont from among the orchids an< Kennedyas was the face of his cousin Edward. My ait migh do more for 'you, but my muse holds up her fingers, as thougl she were already angry at my license. So the whole thing went past ; only leaving a fresh remorse ii the heart of a very noble and good man. Young still, bu getting grey. Meanwhile. " Cousin Alice " had perfectly played her role as Lady Granton. One supposes that in a mar- riage of arrangement like hers, the woman is not always over head and ears in love with the man. In her case it was certainly so. She had been very lately fond of Lionel, and with all the assistance of a strong will and a very careful training, could not always forget him even when she had changed her name. Not that she loved him still, she only kept a memory of him which grew dimmer day by day, and preserved a feeling of tender kindness for him to the end. Lord Granton probably knew that their marriage was one of arrangement, and that it : was dimly possible that there might possibly be some one else who, under other circumstances, might have been preferred to himself. He determined that his imaginary rival, if such a person existed, should have no chance against him. He was clever, handsome, and wealthy, even for England, and he gave all these things to her, and to the task of winning her wholly to himself. " There was no resisting the frank, noble generosity of the man. She got to love him better than all the world besides. She was one of the first leaders of society, and had been so for some ten years-was, in fact, twenty-nine, in the full radiance of her splendid beauty; caressed in England, courted and flattered by the highest in Europe as wife of the English ex- traneous minister-when she gave a party-more select and ex- clusive than she and ever done before, a gold plate dinner party ; and when everything was ready she sat in the drawing-room with her husband, looking a little anxious. " It is a strange story," said he; "you should certainly let him know the truth. But why did you ask him to-night, of all nights ? He will be the only person not in office in the room." "He was in the colonial government. He is an Australian statesman say. The Secretary for the Colonies will know him. And, another thing, I wished to be very ostentatious and grand before 7dm." " I see." Never having dined with a select party of cabinet ministers and ambassadors, I am unable to say what the thing is like. Lady Granton, however, was a little uneasy at every announcement. At last, " Mr. Horton ! " Tall, as handsome as ever, very brown in complexion, and slightly grey in hair, though in age only thirty three ; a remarkable man even among the remarkable men present. Such was Lionel as she saw him again after so long. Of course every one knew him, and knew who he was. Ile was only, after all, in his own order again. He was very charming. Australians were more so in those days than now, and he Avas a little lion even there. It was late in the evening before Lady Granton got him to herself. She began thus-" Come and sit near me, Ave are quite alone here ; Lord Granton and myself have been talking over a very old matter to-day, and he is of opinion that I should speak to you frankly and honestly abo^t it; we are older than Ave were, and possibly Aviser; do you remember a certain paiuful parting Avhich Ave had, Cousin Lionel?" He boAyed his handsome grizzled head in reply. " Also a letter, which I gave you as an excuse for a very rude dismissal?" Another bow. " So far, then. Do you remember the Avriter of that letter, Clara Brabazon?" " I remember her well." " Forgive me for giving you pain, dear cousin, BalieA'e me that comfort got from belie\'ing untruths is not Avorth having. Do you knoAV A\rhat became of Clara Brabazon ?" " No, cousin." " Must I tell the Avhole sad story, then ? After -after-" " After I murdered her brother-yes. " After that unhappy duel, the truth about which was carefully concealed from me by my parents, she got into a state of morbid despair, .and soon went into a decline. She sent for me Avhen she Avas dying, and I Avent to her. She had a confession to make. She told me she Avas her brother's murderer. Shp had loved our mutual cousin EdAvard Avith all the fierceness of her nature and her race, and he had discovered it, at the same time that she . discovered, or thought she had discovered, that his heart Avas set in another quarter. You understand me, cousin Lionel? " " I do, perfectly." " These tAvo unhappy people maddened themselves, and one another against you and me ; she against me, he against you ; he set my parents to Avatch us ; she, at bis instiga- tion, Avrote that letter about your use of my name in a mess room, and she confessed to me on her deathbed that it Avas a falsehood from beginning to end." " That Avas the letter AA'hich led to the duel," said Lionel, calmly. "It Avas ; Edward, our cousin was the cause of the death of poor young Brabazon by his influence over that very foolish and unfortunate Avoman; according to the Avicked laAVS of society as they now exist, you had no other choice ; I hold you blameless ; Edward Avith Ms Avicked machinations, Avas the cause of poor Brabazon's death." How little did she dream that the hand Avhich had shot down poor Brabazon had also so terribly avenged his death. Lionel saw it noAV for the first time ; but he sat perfectly mute. "Here is Lord Granton," said she; " Ave need not drop our conversation; he has perhaps a moment to join us; no, that Neapolitan ambassador has caught him ; my dear cousin, I gave you an answer on that unhappy morning, I fear, curtly, and in anger. I Avish you to understand that under any circumstances that ansAver could have been no other than it Avas, We, you know, are not free agents. I kneAV that before I was fifteen. I never could have given you any other ansAver but the one I did give you ; only I gave it roughly and rudely, under the impression that you had been playing Avith my name. Do you forgive me? " " What I have to forgive, my dear cousin, has been forgiven years ago. If it were otherwise, it is not fora man like me, with the mark of Cain upon my face, shut out from the pale of humanity-and I dread the hope of mercy,-to for- give. If I could accept Home and her doctrines, and buy masses for the dead, I might be happy ; but then, I cannot, and then, as Carlisle says, ' Thou fool, who told thee that thou wert to be happy ? ' I'll drag along my chain, cousin ; I will try to get nearer to God." Lady Granton was inexpressibly distressed. Her innocent hand Avas t red with this dreadful business about young Brabazon, for it was she who had shown Lionel the letter, and she kneAV it. Hers Avas a rare and fine nature, and time, training, and the world had never deadened her con- science to the fao^that the laws of that societ)' Avhich was her atmosphere, almost her religion, were, on the subject of duelling, brutal, barbarous, and unchristian. With the deadly remorse of a very noble nature, shown suddenly to her, she felt it more keenly than ever. But what could she say ? It is not de rigueur to show emotion in society, more particularly in a room full of ambassadors. "I am so sorry for you, cousin," was all that she allowed herself to say ; " God has been so good to me. I am so happy with my husband and my children, and my Avealth and influence, that I can only pray, as I do, dear Lionel, that I maybe worthy of them." "I pray much also," said Lionel, quietly ; " sometimes for death." " We must change this con- versation," said Lady Granton; "and if you please Ave AAÍII never resume it. Goto God, Lionel, go to .God." "I have been; but he has not heard me." "Not answered you yet, I suppose you mean. Who are you that you should be answered immediately ? Go again, and again, and again. NOAV this con- versation must be changed once more. Let us ta*k of our mutual cousin, EdAvard. He is in Australia, is he not-? How is he getting on ? " " He is dead." " Dead ! HOAV did he die ? " "He Avas killed." "Killed! How dreadful. How Avas he killed ? " " He was shot." " Shot ! Who shot him ? " " I-," , said Lionel, calmly ; but the French ambassador Avas bearing down on them, and there was a sudden bouleversement in his judgement, so he went on with a sentence which he had never thought of uttering-" am not prepared to say Avho shot him, but I have the very best reasons for believing that he Avas shot." And he carried the terrible secret, so nearly let slip, to his grave (Concluded on page 189 J with him. Lady Granton was calmlyvsmiling the next moment ."My cousin Mr. Lionel Horton, Monsieur G-. My cousin is an Australian statesman, Monsieur G-. They ire begining already, these audacious Australians, to talk of a «tate down there, under our feet, more powerful than the original unexpandible mother country.. Will you take this Australian in hand and convert him from his audacity ? " And, looking at the Australian statesman, M. G--- found himself wondering what had caused that statesman to expatriate himself in the first instance, and whether that expatriation was .volun- tary or involuntary. For Lionel looked so old, so worn, and so strange, that he puzzled good, honest M;; G-:-completely. Lionel's father died at last, and he came into such barren honours as were left to that battered and worn out old line. He clung to his father, and his father to him to the very last. His magnificent and always accumulating Australian property put the old house on its legs again for a time. He never married ¡nor will marry, and the title dies with him. Lord Poole will die with the deep regrets of the poor, and of all his friends, ¡but'he will die with his dread secret close locked in his heart .as mute as a fox. -Abndged from Once a week. THE Customs revenue for May amounted to £24,841 10s., or £20,467 less than those of May, 1866. The receipts for the first five months of this year are over £25,000 below those of lastyear. AN American, Mr. Jenks, has exhibited specimens of stained Wood ina variety of colours. The wood is white pine. He places it in a closed vessel, exhausts the air, and then allows the^colouring fluid to enter. By this process the wood is evenly stained, and to a considerable depth, owing'.to the exhaustion of air from the fibre. The colouring matters are nitrate and sulphate of iron, with and without paraffin and logwood, for different tints of gray ; chromate and bichromate of potash, also with and without paraffin, for the yellowish grays; log- wood, 'with and without paraffin, for tints of orange; and ^miline.blue and red for slate colours and violet. 