DRAPER MEMORIAL CHUEC3. The want of a VTesleyan place of worship in the Bouthem portion of the city has long been a source of inconvenience to many members of that deno mination, but active stew have now been taken lor supplying the deficiency, and providing suit able church accommodation, in July last the matter was first taken up in a practical way, when at a meeting at Pirie-street about £1,100 was sub scribed towards the object. A piece of bud was procured in Gilbert-street, adjacent to the school room there, and the idea having suggested itseif that this building might be made a tilting memo rial to the memory of one whose devoted labours in the cause of Wesleyan Methodism in the Aus tralian Colonies won for him the esteem and confi dence of all with whom he was connected, the foundation-stone of the Draper Memorial Church was laid on Tuesday, October 15. It may not be out of place here to pve a few particulars of the late Rev. Daniel James Draper, to whose memory the structure is to be erected. Mr. Draper was born at Wickham, Hampshire, on August 2S, 1810. At the age of 20, while living at Southampton, he became a local preacher, under the superintendence of the Rev. W. D. Gay, and in December, lStt he removed to Brecon, in South Wales, where as a preacher he was laborious, acceptable, and useful, lie wa3 approved of by the District Committee, accepted on trial as a candidate for the ministry by the Conference in IS U, and appointed to the Chatteris Circuit. At this time becoming known for hii zealous efforts in the work, to the Secretaries of the Missionary Society, he was selected with several others to proceed to New aouth Wales, taking his depaiture for that colouy on October 13, 1S:!5, and reaching Sydney via Tasmania in the following April. After abou: 10 years' successful labour in New .tfouth Wales, where he wm married to his second wife. Miss Shelley, daughter of one of the first missionaries to the South -ca, Mr. Draper was with hii own consent appointed in ISiii to the charge of the Adelaide Circuit, which he found in a depressed aud discouraging state. The entire colony ut that tiin : formed one circuit, and m cultivating this extensive field Mr. Draper spared no energy, it being said of him that he fre unently rode on horseback 50 miles a (by to preach to congregations in distant localities and scattered neighbourhoods, lu connection with the question of state aid to religion he was much m:sre''~k&nted;, considerable dillerence of opinion cxrung amount the denomination to which he belonged as to whether they should or should not avail themselves of State grants ; but hia policy has been ackuowjedged to be a wise one, end he had the satisfaction of finding that his judien.iii3 use of State aid, while it lasted, enabled the Church to strengthen and improve its condi tion, and take one of the first positions in the land. The Church extension Bystem was projected by Mr. Draper in 1.S51) and 1*51. which embraced the erection of a number of chapels and ministers' resiliences, and of these erections Pirie-street Chapel was the chief. During his stay in South Australia Mr. Draper held for the same time the office of President of the South Australian Total Abstinence society. In 1S55 he was appointed to Victoria, where for some years he was Chairman of the District. He was Secretary of the Conference in the years 1N57, 1S5S, and I860, and in.1559 he wa3 elected President. Having for some years contemplated a visit to Europe, he was in lSu appointed a»tlierepresentativeof the Australasian Conference to the British Conference, and left Lr England early in that year; and it wa3 in the following year that Mr, and Mrs. Draper on their return to Australia went down in the steamship Lomton in the Bay of Biscay, with 22U fellow? passeujera - a catastrophe the remembrance of which, aud of the part which Mr. Draper displayed in connection therewith, must be familiar to alL The following u a description of the church, as supplied to us by the architect Mr. James dimming: — 'The general style of the building is first pointed or early English carried out in hard stoue ruhbte, with freestone dressings. The main en t ancu is in the centre of the front, aud through the tower, which U within the line of the front. Above the roof the to*er is diminished by weather ings to the bellchamtttr, to which there is a large triplet louvred opening on each of the four faces of the tower, surmounted by a (tablet. Above the bellchamber the building is finished by an octa gonal spire rising to a height of 120 feet from the street level. The front and flanks are enriched by buttresses, pinnacles, and enaawd shafw, with foliated capital and corbels. The front doorway and largo centre window over are enriched with shafts, mouldings, and toothed ornament. There is a large schoolroom at present close to the rear of the site, which influenced the arrangement of the building so far as the adapting of the space on the ground floor on each side of the tower for rooms to be used for a time as vestries, while the spaces in the gallery over these rooms are seated for children of the Sunday-school. The gallery projects three pews bsyond the inner face of the tower, and the centre portion of this part will be occupied by the choir. The ceiling, which is flat in the centre and sloped a little at the sides, h divided into compart ments by moulded ribs, with bosses at the inter sections, aud has a cornice at the side walls. The middle compartments have each a large perforated flower in the centre, opening to a shaft commu nicating with dormers on each side of the roof, and the ventilation can be regulated at pleasure from one of the vestry rooms. The fronts of the pulpit, platform, and gallery will be iron woik of Gothic design. The nttings are of cedar, and the church will be seated to accommodate 57fc' persons. The whole of the work, exclusive of the fence, is contracted for by Mr. W. Bundey, of North Ade laide, at £4,237, and will take about twelve months to complete.' At the hour appointed for the ceremony— 5 p.m. —notwithstanding the boisterous state of the weather, a great many spectators had assembled, and there were a number of ministers and ladies seated on a platform erected near the stone. The proceedings having been opened by singing a nymn, the Rev. K. U. Flockart offered prayer, and the Rev. Alfred Rigo read the 132nd Psalm. The Rev. J. U. Millard then said the bottle which was to be placed under the stone contained the minnte3 of tnelast Conference, the last number of the South Australian Wesleyan Magadne, with a copy of the Circuit Plan, the two daily paper, Eegtiter and Advertiser, and a document, of which the following is a copy :— 'The foundation-stone of this house, intended for the public worship of Almighty God after the forms and ceremonies of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, was laid by John Cotton, Esq., M.P., on the 15th day of October, 1867, being the 30th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Dominick Daly being Governor of the province; the Rev. H. H. Gaud, President of the Australasian Wesleyan Metho dist Conference; the Rev. John Watsfqrd, Chairman of the South Australian District: Revi J. G. Millard and A. Rigg, ministers or the Adelaide First Circuit; John Colton and James Scott, Esqa., Circuit Stewards; James Cnmming, Esq., architect; W. Bundey, Esq., contractor; and Messrs. J. Colton, J. Scott, L. Koach, B. Goss. W. Collins. W. Johns, W. G. Coomb!'. W. Scott, H. Codd, M. Kingsborougb, W. Richards, J. C. Mann, J. D. Bone, P. Fox, J. Dungey, A. Thompson, R. E. Tapley, F. U. FanMing, E. Pearce, J. LangsfcmLJ. Brtad, W. Shoma», J. D. Hill, J. Lloyj, G.V. Cotton, W. Stacey, J. Greer. 'W. Pengellcy, and A. Dobtoe. Trustees and Building Committee. This buildinjj is to be designated'The Draper Memorial Chutcb, in memory of the Rev. Darnel J. Draper, formerly Chairman of this District, whose useful ministry, genial disposition, enlightened attachment to MethodismV and most able management of itt affairs, greatly endeared him to ohe people, among whom his name wiU long be remembered with love and veneration. On the 11th of January, lStStl when returning from England to Australia, where he had laboured for 30 years, he, with his excellent wife and upwards of 200 fellowpas sengers sank into a watery grave by the foundering of the ship London in the Bay of Biscay.— He magnified Christ both in life and death.' The rev. gentleman then said that had it not been for the formidable weather the architect would have had a picture of the church hung up on the wall of the schoolroom, but as it was a drawing of it could 1« seen inside. Addressing Mr. John Colton, M. P., . who was to lay the stone, Mr. Millard said— 'Permit me, Sir, on behalf «-f the Trustees and the Building Committee of this edifice, to present you with this very handsome trowel, and also, in the name of Mr. Bundey, the contractor, to present you with this elegant mallet, and now to ask you upon this veiy interesting occasion to Droceed with these instruments to lav the foundationstouc of the Draper .Memorial Church. I have much pleasure in handing you this trowel.' The trowel, a very handsome silver one, with ivory handle— the work of Mr. John Davis— bore the following inscription :— ' Presented to John Colton, Esq., ALP., on t'ne occasion of his laying the foundation-stone of the Draper Memorial Ciiurch, Adelaide, October 15, 1867.' The mallet was also of nice workmanship. Mr. Coltou, in a heavy shower, of rain, then proceeded to lay the stone with the usual for malities, and declared it laid ' in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy (ihost, and may the blessed Trinity bless this undertaking.' He said he was siucerely sony that they had such an anpropitious afternoon, but he was very gkd to find that there was so much real interest evinced in the undertaking, by the Lirge number of ladies, gentlemen, and children present on the occasion. He could net permit that opportunity to pass with out a few remark?. He was gratified that such an interesting ceremony had fallen to his lot. (The riin here came down heavily.) After having been identified with their Church's rise and progress in that city for more than a (matter of a century, he felt that that was to himself a red-letter day— (Hear, hear)— and one that would never be forgotten as lung as he lived. He felt a special ple.isure in laying that foundation stone, because of hU long and intimate acquaintance with the honoured name that that erection wa.s intended to commemorate. Many suggestions had been made as to the most fitting means of comrneinoratiug that great and good man's name, hia life, his noble death, but if they could draw aside the veil, auJI were psrmitted to consult their departed minister and friend the late llev. Danhl James Draper, who laboured in that city for nine years, and who spent nine years of the best of -his ministry with them, as to the character of the monument to ha erected to his memory, they believed that his sentiments would be in accordance with their own as to the etection of that place of worship. They believed that nothing that could be devised would be bo much in harmony with his own feelings as such a church as that to commemorate his self-denying labours and heroic death. (Hear, hear.) U-i would say further, that if that good man's sainted spirit was then hovering over them, they believed that the joy which he felt would be intensried by that ad ditional act of progress in the cause of the Redeemer in the city in connection with their Church, and lie (Mr. Colton) exceedingly rejoiced at laying the foundation-stone of a building to tho memorv of one whom they all esteemed-a man nho placed the foundation of their Church in trie colony on a linn and sue basis. He might jest refer before he closed to the reason which had induced the Trustees and friends to comraeuce that erecion. For many years their place in 1'irie street, large and commodious as it wa», had been too small. The erection of a church where they were then assembled had been talked of for years ; but they had not been able to see their way ciear to build it, so many undertakings m connection with the onward progress of the Church having interfeel. When at PirL'-street they found that their chapel was insufficient to accommodate many earnest worshippers who were desirous of meeting with them, it was suggested that to meet -this difficulty a place should be erected there, and it was thought desirable that there should also hi one {at Kent Town. This last church had been successfully carried out, which had interfered with their movement in this direction ; but they had now determined to build there, as it was found that although many bal gone to Kent Town there were still a great many who could nut be accommodated in Pirie- street. He hoped they had commenced this work in good earnest, with the belief that it wai absolutely re quired, and they therefore threw themselves upon the sympathies of their friends, asking their co-operation by their prayers, solicit i tion?, and contributions. They hal already commenced a large and flourishing school thero, meetings were held from Sabbath to Sabbath, a Society met there from week to week, and a large number of their members lived in that neighbour hood who would avail themselves of that church when it was erected. It would be a very beautiful place, worthy of the Methodist Church, and worthy of that great and good man whose name it bore; and he hoped when completed it would not be greatly in debt. In reply to the Rev. Mr. Alillard, he would say that he hoped he would convey to his brother Trustees the expression of his thanks, lie should value it as long as he lived, and hand it down to his family as a heir-loom. (Hear, hear.) He thanked them for the honour they had con ferred upon him, and he had never been connected during the last 25 years in the colony with any similar undertaking that bad failed. He had the greatest possible confidence that what they were now doing was right, that it was under the sanction of Heaven, and that God would smile upon their efforts, (\pplause.) The Rev. J. Watsfobd, after remarking that they wished to get the collection over before the nest' shower came, as they had h rl two already, said he rejoiced in that work, because they were building a church where a Wesleyan Church was needed, and because it was to be so beautiful a place; and he also rejoiced because they were about to build a house for God, where those great and glorious truths which they as Wesleyan Methodists loved, ami which they believed to be in accordance with iJod's nio.st hoiy word, would !-o there taught. They all knew what ilmse truths were which must l-e taught there. Some people said tint this was to bs deplored— tha; they ought to leave the mind? of their ministers frej and un shackled as they called it, that they might think with theatre, receive fresh light, aud chance their views as the tinv.s went on, but they held that all new in theolo-ry touching the great fundamental truths of Christianity was false. They held that the truths of Christianity, like their great author, were the same 'yesterday, to-day, and for ever,' the Ttiuity in unity, one God and three person*, three persons and one God, ' the undivided three and the ni.isteriotu one.' Surely no li^'ht could be imparted to them tint would ever change that great doctrine. There was original sit;, man a sinner guilty, depraved, fallen and mined. No fresh light could ever make it appear to them that man was not a sinner, that mau was not helpless, not ruined. There was re demption by their Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ; every man was redeemed by His precious biood, anl no other light could ever niafc it appear that Jesus Christ was not wounded for their tninsgres sions, not bruised for tlidr iniquities, tlnt~the chastisement of their peace wa.s not laid upon Him, and that by his stripes they were not healed. The traces and witnessing of the Spirit, the renewing of the Ho'y Ghost, and the sanctiiication of the soul- they held that all these great truths must remain the same for ercr, anil they insisted upon it that all the ministers of their Church should preach !ho3e trutlis. (Hear, hear.) They had no difficulty in getting a minister out of their pulpit if he did not preach the truth as they held it. The Methodist Church said to its ministers 'Come with U3 if you hold the^e truths, ami preach them, if not, go s- rue where else.' ( \pplause.) \Vhite tiny held these principles there was nr- fear of Popery, no fear of Puseyism, no fear of Rationalism, no fear of anything contrary to the glorious Gospel of their blessed God, (Applause.) Let a Methodist preacher come from England, Ireland, or Scotland, Canada, the United States, or any of the colonies to preach there, they all knew what he would preach— the great truths declared to man, which they had heard many of them from childhood, and proved tube 'the power of God unto salvation.' Their little f riends said Eome strange things about it. He hoped they would uot imagine they worshipped saints. (Laughter.) He was sure their friends all knew that they were not erecting that house of prayer for the worship of their dear friend Draper. They glorified God in that great and good man, in his holy successful life, and in his triumphant death, and their friends had said, ''Let us present a tliankofl'ering to God for giving us such a man, for the grace that assisted him in the dying and trying hour;' and no fitter memorial could be raised than a house of prayer in which he cotdd preach the Gospel and proclaim an accepted Saviour if he lived. If there was a man in the Australian Colonies successful in chapel building, that man was their departed friend Mr. Draper, and they were building a church to the plory of God to be called the L riper Memorial Church. Might God grant thut in that church hundreds and thousands might be converted to God. He hopeJ they would all do something to cheer the hearts of the ministers and trustees, and help them to their utmost ability to build that church to the praise and glory of God. (Applause.) Mr. ColTuN said he wi3heu to acknowledge the irift of the very handsome mallet presented to him by Mr. Bundey. The Rev. Mr. Millard said the contract had been taken for £i,2UO odd, towards which £1,050 had been promised. He had been desired to name various amonnts which he had received lately, and he then read a list of contributions amount!- g in th2tctiltoj£S215*. A collection was then made, which, with this amount and the offerings placed on the stone.made a total of about £120. A verse of the National Anthem was then sung, and the benediction having been pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Wilson, the proceedings terminated. 