TEH AUGUST MAGAZINES. In the' Fortnightly Review, Mr. Thomas "Hare attacks tho system of charitable endow- ' monts, under favour of which property is per- manently dedicated to narrow purposes, and real estate, to a i vast extent and value, is held substantially in mortmain. Ile also in- sists upon tho equity and justice of subject- ing1-the property thus held to local and general taxation. An eloquent tribute is offered by Mr. Conway to tho memory of Theodore Parker, of whom the author of the " Biglow Papers" wrote "This is What makes him tho crowd-drawing^ preacher, There's a background ot God to each hard-working ieature; \ Xvery word that ho speaks has been fierily f urnaccd In tho hlast ot a life that has struggled ia earnest " Mr. Conway informs us that the belief he leid and the principles he preached are strik- ing their roots deep in the American mind, and that " the active humanity and practical character of Parker's ministry havo been the means of transfusing with a warmor blood and larger life the church that persecuted Mm, and of raising it from a Boston school to an Amcricanfaith." An essay on Macbeth and Lady Macbeth suggests that the character of the former is nearly related to that of Hamlet, tho points of similarity and of dis- similarity being these :-"Hamlet is a man under the powor of a tyrannous imagination, "but with a sensitive conscience. Macbeth is also subject to the sway of his imagination, hut he has no conscience. Hence Hamlet's imagination is a source of strength to him, but Macbeth's imagination is to him a source of vrealcness." Lady Macbeth, fal from being the tempter and fiend sho is commonly, reputed to he, is described as one who, " with all a woman's nature, has one unwomanly passion - a great am- bition in place of a great love." This view, of hor character, however, is a by no means original one, but has been taken by several eminent actors and actresses. Tho arguments for and against the maintenance of legal etiquette, are fairly stated by Mr. A. V. Dicéy, who seems to conclude that tho time has arrived when a good many of the rules and laws of the bar might be advan- tageously abolished. Mr. Capes examines Sir Cecil Beadon's defence of Ids conduct in connexion with the famine at Orissa, and places a favourable construction on it. A necessarily dry review of the historical deve- lopment of the law of trade combinations in Franco has been opportunely undertaken by Mr. lionge, but is incompleto in the present .number. The editor of tho Fortnightly makes a vigorous onslaught on Mr. Froude ior having impugned the theory of a science of history. Mr. Morley contends that although there is no moral order in history, i.e., that the history of the human race does not fit in with the theory that a fall invariably waits the wicked and that happiness icwaids the good, yet that there is a scientific order ; and that to those who study it properly, it presents an intelligible array of orderly sequences. Tho comments of tho editor on public affairs, covering half-a ?dozen.pagos, do not contain a single Une in reference to domestic politics. Discussing the probabilities of war on tho Continent, he reminds us that " Prussia is habitually dis- courteous, and Prance naturally susceptible ; and that Prussia has become aggressive, while France is reduced to keep up an attitude of watchfulness." A writer in Blackwood takes a rapid but comprehensive survey of the social history of England during the reign of George the Third, and contrasts tho condition of the country and the stato of society in 1760 and 1820 respectively, greatly to tho advantago of the latter epoch. This paper is followed by a sketch of tho life of Governor Winthrop, one of the founders of New England-that sturdy old Puritan, of wkoinJosiah Quincoy declared that "had Boston, hko Rome, a consecrated calendar, there is no name bettor entitled than that of Winthrop to be regis- tered as its pation saint." To students ho is well known as the earliest historian of the state which he assisted to found, and of which he became one of its most dis- tinguished citizens. It is not unworthy of remark, that his republican descendant, who publishes his life and letters, is careful to trace his descent from some of the old coun- try families of Suffolk. Under the title of "Intemperance and Intolerance," we have a forcible exposition of the fanaticism and des- potic spirit of tho American advocates of the Maine Liquor Law, together with some strik- ing illustrations of the modo in which it h evaded wherover it is enforced, and of the cn coiuagemcnt it affords to what would be hore called sly-giog selling and secret tippling. As to the host modo of promoting habits of tern porance, tho wntor says, " Give us abundance of good, cheap, wholesome wine-abundance of good cheap beor, unpoisoued by adultera tors and knavish publicans over- hasty ,to gel rich, and the people of Great Britain will, in course of time, become as little addicted te intoxication as the soberest nations of conti- nental Europe." A capital epitome of the career of tho unfortunate Emperor of Mexico, and of the political events which led to his aucoptanco of his insecure throne, is couta buted by a writer who appears to be particu- larly weU-inforraed on the subject. Speaking of the execution of the Emperor, the madness of the Empress, and the complicity of Napoleon III. in their fate, ho remarks . " For the rest of his days [i e., the Kreuch Emperoi's) these ghosts will sit at his board and partake of lus cup ; their voices, heard but of him, will whisper in his ear tho saddesl story of his reign, and, like tho skeletons al tho table of the Pharaohs, remind him thal ho too is mortal, and as liable to wrong, anc the punishment of wrong, as tho meanest ol his subjects." But the ruler of the French ii as little accessible to remorse, we suspect, o¡ his uncle was. Blackwood is quite jubilanl over the safety of Mr. Disraeli's radical Reforu; Bill, commiserates the Liberals upon tin prospect of what it professes to anticipan wiil bo their lengthened exile horn office, ant is delighted to think, as becomes an lidin burgh periodical, that "judgoships and sho riffships, and we aro afraid to say how many other good tluugs besides, have all gone te Scotch Tories, ..rho adhered to Toryism when Toryism had little to recommend it, excopt that it'was synonymous with consistent pa- triotism." The Scotch, however, from the days of Lord Bute to those of Dundas, and from thpso of Dundas to tho time when thcro was always an Eliot to bo provided for, havo invariably contrived to secure an ampk share of the official loaves and fishes.* Be «des the articles we have noticed, the present number contains three of a lighter character two of them, indocd, being loss than ' ' feather ?weights." In the Revue des Deux Mondes for tho lCtl of July, we liave an animated narrative, froir the pen of M. Amédéo Thierry, of tho stritt waged between the eloquent and foarlosf Chrysostom and tho Empress Eudoxia ; and ii is curious to find tho wives and daughters ol tho upper ten thousand in Constantinople fourteen hundred years ago, exposing them- selves to the animadversions of the clergy foi disfiguring their heads exactly in the present fashion, and for arraying themselves à le manière des prostituées, just as tho ladies oi London, Paris, and Now York copy tin mode of tho demi-monde in the yoai 1807\. The progress which has been made with the canalisation of the Isthmui of Suez, is detailed very fully by M Poussin. It seems that from fifteen to twentj millions of cubic metres of earth have beer excavated up to the prcsont time, ane that thcro remain some fivo and fort] millions to bo removed beforo the .wprl is completed, which, it is anticipa,ted will take . placo by the end of the yea; J8C9. For tliis purpose, it will be,jieces .;,. j. r, ,.. >,', ,, j,!-,. sary to raise an additional capital of £4,000,000 sterling. As to the remunerative character of tho enterprise no doubt appears to be entertained by M. Roussin, since the canal must become the great channel of com- munication between 200,000,000 of European producers and manufacturers on the one side, and 700,000,000 of Asiatic consumers and furnishers of raw material on the other. The Count dHaussonville continues his nar- rative of the transactions of the First French Empire with tho Papal Seo, between 1800 and 1814, and defines tho important rôle played by Cardinal Consalvi at that time. Noticing the proceedings at tho Reform meet- ings at Hyde-park, and the official inquiries which have grown out of the outrages at Sheffield, M. Collin writes in a spirit strongly adverse to the tyranny of the trades-unions, and points out that tho subjection of ten mil- lions of free workmen to 800,000 unionists, " controlled by a handful of obscure despots, of doubtful intcUigence and suspicious mo- rality, " cannot fail to be attended with results pernicious to liberty, and to lead to sterility and ruin. A disquisition on the philosophy of Spinoza, by M. Janet, of tho Institut», is very dry reading ; and scarcely less so is the succeeding article, by M. de Mazade, in which he discusses tho realistic school of criticism, as represented by M. Taine, who has so recently endeavoured to present a new interpretation of English civilisation by tho history of our national literature, assigning to each epoch its representative men, or rather its personifications. In his chronicle of tho political events of the fortnight, M. For eade docs not hesitate to oxtol and encou- rage the noble stand mado in the French Assembly by the small minority in Opposition against the subservient majority on the Ministerial benches-or, "as he scornfully de- scribes them, "the inexhaustible phalanxes of commissaries whom the Government can bring into tho field." no also enters his energetic protest against that arbitrary act of power, the seizure by the Administration of the Due d'Aum ale's Historie des Condes. England is congratulated on the settlement of the Reform question, as it will now cnablo her to apply herself to the progress of all her liberties ; and Mr. Gladstone is compli- mented for his speech at tho Press Dinner, the compliment involving an oblique censure upon the French Government, which does not tolerate freedom of the press. A fragment on the reign of Elizabeth, from the pen of tho late Mr. Buckle, appears in Fraser, and shows the viows which he enter- tained of the Reformation, the benefits of which he conceives to have been as greatly exaggerated by the Protestants, as its evil effects were by the Catholics ; both of which bodies wcio on a par in point of* bigotry ¡ while he demonstrates that, whatever wore the vices and corruption of the Catholic priesthood, nothing could bo more impure than, the morals, or more coarse than the manners, of tho Protestant clergy after the Reformation-a statement which is confirmed by the testimony of the impartial Hallam. Professor Newman pleads earnestly for such a decisive change in the marriage laws as shal' divest an honourable union of every gratuitous burden and every injustice. He draws an appalling picture of tho libertinism which exists in Europe and the United States ; and argues that, Unless such a reform is effected, " the aspect of the world and the course of events give warning of a great break-down, perhaps with consequences peculiarly disas- trous in our present career." What we need is, he says, "a simple, short, sweeping enact ment, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in past statutes, no woman hence forth shall by marriage change her lega status, or loso any part of hor rights ovei property." The papers on "Military Re form" have been brought to a conclusion but so evanescent is public feeling in Englane that the subject itself bos already died out o! the public mind. Mr. Godkin's book or Ireland and her churches furnishes the texl for an article on the ecclesiastical and lane questions in that country ; the writer recom mending a redistribution of Irish ecclesiastical property, in a just proportion, among the ilif. forent communions ; whileheproposes that tlu owners of land held in Iieland at will should be charged with the whole taxation upon them, and bo deprived of summary remedies for the recovery of their rents. The writer ol some " Notes in South Germany in the Autumn of 18GG" throws additional light or the causes of that sudden and disastrous col lapso of Austria on the field of Koniggr.itz which took all Europe by surprise. ' ' FraneL Joseph," he observes, "was the head of ai empire that fought without natural reserves and of an army one of the best of the worlt for a sustained conflict, and the least able ti strike and save him with the singlo blov which alono could save him/' A roviow o the Abbé Domenech's new work on Mexico , anothorof Cox's " Manual of Mythology,' , and a third of two novels, one by a Spanisl and the other by a Danish author, aro no the least readable papers in tho presen number. The Dublin University Magazinehasgreatl; fallen to the rearward, jostled aside, probably by younger and more vigorous contempora ries offering more tempting literary fare with embellishments, for a shilling, in liol of the old orthodox half-a-crown. Mr. Fitz gerald continues to publish his " Life o Garrick" piecemeal, and two serial stone aro provided for the lovers of light reading but the majority of the papers read as i they wero done to ojderby literary fledglings not yet independent of a publisher's patron age, and who work as Dr. Johnson, in th days when he wrote himself impransus, o stealthily devoured his scanty meal behind screen in St. John's Gate, was accustomed t work for Cave, of the Gentleman's Magazine. Another shilling monthly magazine ha made its appearance,-Tinsley's, conducto by Mr. Edward Yates, and illustrated b Hablot Browno and othor artists. Dr. Russel breaks ground in it as a writer of fiction wit his long-promised "Advontures of Docto Brady," which takes the form of an autobic graphy, and suggests the suspicion that man of tho incidents narrated are drawn from hi own recollections. The editor has core meneed a story with a highly sensationt occurrence at the outset, and a heroine wh is only eighteen, and has separated horse! from her husband, a horsey man, because h has poisoned a friond. One of the best papor in the number contains some strictures oi society, by " Aunt Anastasia," who utterssom homo truths upon its dishonesty, and put this posing question to the fashionable youn ladies of tho present day :-"If you are dil posed to believe that the unbounded extravi ganco, the tumultuous pleasure- seeking, th exaggeration and eccentricity, the materia ism and the sans gêne, which are the moi striking features of tbo fashion of the da; alike in dress and manners, aro really attrai tive to mon,-ask yourselves how it happer that marriage has become an unpopular ii stitution." Most of the other articles are e a flimsy cliaiacter, bearing indirect test mony to the truth of Miss Braddon's asse tion, that a livelihood may be easily carno in London by the Uterary man who writt with a certain lightness and assurance. Two other magazines before us, Temp Bar and Belgravia, contain a good deal t whipt cream ; although there is less of it i tho latter than tho former. Wo must excel from this disparagement, however, Mr. Proi tor's paper on the discovery of a lunar volcan in eruption, in which he establishes the exis once of that phenomenon by a weight of it dependent testimony that is almost ¡rresist hie. Threo serial stories aro kept chemi faisante in Belgravia, and two in Temple Ba¡ while the former has this advantage over ii older rival, that it is cloverly and copiousl illustrated. ' The Cornhill Magazine is becoming du and didactic ; but much moy be forgiven for J the sake of that idyllic story entitled, " Stone I Edge," which is not unworthy of the pen that I gave us "Adam Bede" and "Silas Marnor." As a picture of English Ufe, character, and scenery, in the sequestered moorland dis- tricts, we have never met with anything half so graphic or half so true. Tho language is as racy of the soil as the Lanca- shire songs of Waugh or the Dorsetshire poems of Barnes; and every person intro- duced in the story is as real and life-like as Mrs. Poyscr or as Mr. TulUver. A gossiping paper on " Toasts and Sentiments" quotes a few curiosities in this way ; one of thoso being Pitt's compliment to the carpet manufac- turers of Kidderminster :-" May the trado of Kidderminster he trampled under foot by all the world." The second is variously attri- buted to Smeaton and to Erskine, and runs as'follows :-" Dam the canals, sink tho coal- pits, blast the minerals, consumo the manu- factures, disperse the commerce of Great Britain and Ireland." Philanthropy has been rarely combined so well with imprecation as in this after-dinner sentiment. Among American periodicals, the Atlantic Monthly, now in the tenth year of its exist- ence, deservedly occupies a foremost place. It is published by a firm which makes honour- able arrangements with English authors for the republication of their works ; it numbers somo of the best writers in the Union among its contributors, and it excludes pirated articles from its columns. One of the best papers in the current number is on the growth, limitations, and toleration of Shak speare's genius ; and we should probably not bo very far wrong in attributing it to the pen of Mr. Richard Grant White, since it exhi- bited much of that subtle criticism which is to bo met with in "Shakspeare's scholar." Mr. Longfellow's translation of Dante is compared with that of Cary, to the disad- vantage of tho latter ; and a number of pas- sages arc given from the Italian, with Mr. Longfellow's rendering of them annexed, which show how faithfully and literally he has -fulfilled his task, whilo he is deservedly praised for the learning, industry, and good taste exhibited in his notes and commentaries on the text of the poet. A paper on the city of Cincinnati traces its wonderful growth from the year 1790, when it consisted of foi ty log cabins, two small frame houses, and a fort, to the present time, when it is composed of seven completely organised, cities, and is the centre of a district peopled by six or eight millions of people. It is not merely a great commercial city, but is celebrated for its literary enterprise, and publishes moro books annually than any other city (with three exceptions) in tho Union. It must be the Paiadise of journalism, for what says the Atlantic Monthly ?-" The con- ductors of the press herd are astonishingly rich. Think of an editor having the im- pudence to return the valuo of his estate at five millions of dollars." How young men get on in theso western cities may be learned from the following passage :-" Wo met a gentleman in Cincinnati, aged thirty-two, who is chief proprietor and active manager of live extensive iron- works in five different cities, one of which-the one at Cincinnati employs a hundred and twenty men. Ue began life at fourteen, a poor boy, was helped to 2,000 dollars at twenty-one-started in iron -prospered-founded similar works in other cities-went to the war, and contracted to supply an army -with biscuit-took the camp fever-lost 20,000 dollars-came back to his iron-throve as before-gave away 25,000 dollars lost year to benovolent operations -and is now as serene and smiling as though ho had played all his Ufo, and had not a caro in the world." It is this elasticity and adaptabiUty which constitute such valuable elements in the American character, and con tribu to so laigely to the success of the American people and the progress of their country. If they fail in one pursuit, they promptly embrace another. They are strangers to despondency, and unacquainted vith despair. " Hope springs eternal" in the breast of the American ; and if reverses over- take him, ho feels that "to bear is to con- quer our fate." He neither distrusts himself nor foi tune. Ile perseveringly woos the one and implicitly relies upon tho other, and he has rarely occasion to complain of misplaced confidence. _ 