BENEDICTA. By Aiethea. Chai-ibb XU1.— Jonw »w ci,bseb to Me. Brook* thb INTENTIONS OP Dn SoHNEB TOWARDS BENEDICTA. 3oHJi Conn told Mr. Brooks every -word of bis conver sations with Benedicts. He described her state of jnind even more minutely than her language had given him occasion to do, for the eyes of love had penetrau d below her words and interpreted every look, and John's heart ached bitterly in acknowledgement of the deep wound in that of Benedicta. He related in glowing terms the interview with Winny, and while he spoke the generous tears welled into the eyes of the man who had tried to do th&t; work and failed. ' The blessed child,' exclaimed the gentle pastor. ' See how our prayers are answered, John, although ?we saw not the inscrutable way of God's working. It was reserved for the child to win & way for the light into the darkened mind of the mother. Ob, would we have it otherwise r Would we, if we could ? Could -we have devised a plan more beautiful than this which cur short eight haB never foreseen r' ' True,' said John bitterly,' but me, what for me ?' And then there followed the tale of his love. A few simple words would have told the story, but his sup pressed feeling broke forth now, and the tale was long. PerhapB he thought to cheat his conscience and win to his side, against bis own heart, this man on whom he depended as upon a father. If this was so, disappointment awaited him. The smile upon Mr. Brooke's face showed how little he needed words to tell him this story, but the gravity of theeyes witnessed a thoughtof resolved sorrow below, ' Right, John,' he remarked' -when the young man related the result of his self-conflict, ' there is nothing else that you can do. While our dear child retains 1Mb fancy of hers — it is nothing more than a fancy — with obstinacy, refusing to be convinced, she separate herself from the people of God, although we hope God does not therefore separate her from himself. You may not, without sin, speak. t« her of marriage. Nay, John, do not look so sad. Hereafter, probably before any very long time is past, she will be different. She nay not give up the terrible thought that haunts her ; that, perhaps, will be beyond the poor child's power, but she will fling down her own obstinacy and cry to God for help. 1 know this will be so. 'And do you think she will not get the help i Wait a little while, John. Have courage, my brother. The gold is in the furnace now, and covered from our sight by the ashen. Wait until it comes forth. You shall see how much brighter it will be for the hard trial.' ' If 1 might be at her side in the conflict. But next week I must go and leave her to the battle alone.' ' Tut ! not alone, -when God's wings are epread above the battle-field. And, even for human assist ance, do you think I will neglect her. My Annie's pet' — and the pastor's voice faltered here, 'the child that she and I have loved as our own, ay, as dearly as the babe we laid beneath the sod eighteen years ago, my own child, if affections are any claim, do you think 1 will let her faint for want of aid r' ' No,' said John, eagerly graspingout at his friend's band, ' Uo, you I know will never forsake her. JJut there is that man.' ' Whatman?' ' Dr. Somner. You are so gentle and unworldly. What will you do against his wisdom and cunning ? How will you protect my darling against his wiles, and even against his influence r' 'John,' said Mr Brooks quietly, ' I wish you would speak lets wildly. Do you mean to tell me that Dr, Somner is paying attentions to Benedicta J' ' Yes.' ' With the intention of marrying her?' ' Yes.' John told him all he knew. Mr. Brooks was silent. He sat looking into the fire, and tapping his fingers against his forehead where a very giave shade had gathered. ' I suppose,' he observed at last, it is true that I am a very inactive and melancholy man. But it occurs sometimes, John, that men of that character have a larger insight into human nature than their more energetic fellows. To some extent I think my habits of thought and intro spection have made me a judge of character. And surejy John you will bear me witness that I do not use that faculty harshly, whatever its power may be. Surely I judge leniently and forbearingly of most of my fellows.' John nodded to this appeal, wondering somewhat as to its relevancy with the subject in hand. ' And yet,' said Mr. Brooks, bringing his hands slowly together, and looking up with a long sigh, ' and yet I cannot avoid the conclusion that Dr. Somner is a consummate hypocrite and unscrupulous villain.' John smiled. He could not help smiling at the troubled face -with which bis friend enunciated thiB uncharitable opinion. But he answered, ' Well, I don't know. He never pretended to be much under the government of conscience.' ' He'prctended to be an honourable man.' ex claimed the clergyman half indignantly. ' I have no proof that he is not!' John said thoughtfully. The two men were silent then for some time, each engaged with his own thoughts. At last Mr. Brooks asked, ' Do you know anything about Mrs. M'Strachan's worldly affairs, John.' ?? No.' ' I don't, as a rule, wish to pry into my people's private affairs,' observed Mr. Brooks dreamily, ' but I confess I should at this moment like to know what sort of a balance Madge has at her bankers.' ' Her bankers,' cried John in surprise. ' Yeb. Oh I supyjo6e you were not aware that, six months ago, she, acting on Dr. Somner' 8 advice, took her affairs out of my hands. She carries them on now through the Bank of New South Wales. ' Her Bmall affairs r' *' Well, you know, John, the moment she was not contented it was best se. I did not even like to advise under the circumstances.' John looked thoughtful. ' How large a sum had you in your hands, sir.' ' I paid £700 odd into her bank lire months ago.' *' So much ?' ' Well, it was twelve or fourteen years accumu lations, John. I confess I feel uneasy, in spite of all Madge's shrewdness.' ' Dr. Somner is an honourable man,' John re marked in a sort of doubtful assertion. There the conversation ended, leaving a few more Eeeds ef un easiness in the hearts of both men. The pastor brooded long over the subjects of this con versation with John Cobb. Strive to be unsuspicious as he would, the thought returned again and again upon his mind that the state of affairs at Davy's Hill was in some degree owing to the intervention of Dr. Somner. He had felt it very strongly when Madge, ' after fifteen years confidence had withdrawn the man agement ef her affairs from his hands; and when, in answer to his question, the old woman had candidly admitted that Dr. Somner had told her that it was. never safe to trust one's property in the hands of a . single individual, the gentle parson had been deeply irritated against the man who had thus insinuated dis trust into the mind of his parishioner. More deeply than was necessary in fact, for in this cose, it must be owned that worldly wisdom was right. Then he re sented the coldness that Madge had latterly shown towards John as if the young man had been his own son. That, to cause that coldness some foreign influ ence had been brought to bear upon Madge's mind he could not doubt. Without such influence she would not turn against the boy who had been almost as a Eon to her for sixteen years. And, he argued, the influence must be strong, too,' that could cause such a result at all. Whose but Dr. Somner's* could it be r Where, in all that wide parish,, was there Another man who would breathe a thought in depre dation of the noble and beloved young schoolmaster f And these insidious doubts in the mind of the inno- ' \- cent girl who yesterday he had considered was but a child, from whence had they come f What hand had planted their poison seeds r And the usually chari table mBn set his lips together and muttered ' Dr. Som ner.' No proofs', no, he had no proofs. But the truth was the clergyman hated the doctor. These quiet, self-restrained people do hate with dreadful in tensity. The soul of the earnest Christian loathed that other soul with which it came in contact. This anti pathy, what shall we call it F Wag it that the indwell- , Ing spirit of life, garrisoning its tabernacle, looked out! and defied with mingled fear and terror the black angel ' ?of death that kept house in that other 'heart. Who knows such mysteries J Suffice it that the good man1 by the guidance of a subtle instinct felt within him, an jireoonoilable antagonism to the man. on whom he could not fix one shadow of an evil deed as yet. How gladly would Mr. Brooks, before John left Cal . ladene for Morville, have seen 'these two beings who . now were dearer to him than, any other thing in life, joined at least by the bond of a mutual arid acknow ledged love. Could he not .effect it yet ? Surely such a child as Benedicta would not be callous to argument.' ' If lie could but induce her to admit a hope. Oh, ' then there would he the busier of John's outspoken love between her and Dr. Somner. Mr. Brooks deter 1 .mined to see Benedicta next day. . Benedicta sighed wearily when pn the following day ? she saw the. pastor coming' up David's Hill— she guessed at once the occasion of his ,viflit. But Mr. Brooks was not in any jiuriry. He ate leisurely of the ample meal that Madge's (ussy hoBpi tolity placed before him, and convened principally ' with her for more than an hour. All this time he was furtively watching Benedicta. By bitter experience he was well skilled in the signs of internal trouble. Poor Benedicta afforded him ample scope for study. The clouded eye -with its far look of earnestness, the sweet mouth so sad in its line of repose.the unconscious droop of her form when she was still, the fluttering smile that tried in vain to be gay — his heart ached for the child as lie looked upon her. ' Madge,' said he at last, ' old friend, will you let me have a talk with Benedicta alone.' ' Ay, minister, that will I gladly. Gin ye can put the licbt of a smile on her white face, I'll thank ye.' And 'with a groan and a look of trouble the old woman left them. Benedicta stood before him with folded hands and downcast eyes like a child waiting an expected reprimand. The pastor looked at her for a few momenta in intent silence. Then in a tone of exquisite pity, ' Come my child,' he said, *? let us do as we have always done.' It was an old, old habit with which Benedicta com plied. She drew a little stool to his feet and Beating herself thereon, took his Bible from his hand, and commenced reading at the place where he pointed. Such, an action as this had always marked his inter view with the lonely child. It was nothing new. She read now with a cold mechanical tone, and never looked up when she closed the book. The pastor's hand was upon her head. 'Now,' he said, ' dear child sing to me.' This, fleo, was an old habit. One glance upward to his face that soft girl cast, and it was not a glance of softness. Her eyes flashed in a momentary defiance and a burning spot flew to her cheek as she sang. Strive, weary heart and aching brain ; Try o'er the fruitless tusk again ; And, tortured by the demon thought. Behold how flies the peace long-Bought. Weep, human heart, weep drupe of blood! He did— he ?wept them— he, tbe Good ! But thon, thou bast not blood for tears ; What worth tbinc anguish, what thy tore ? Kmile, writhing lips, and hide the dark And horrid dcpthB where green and stark The ghost of former bust doth ctare And mock me, with false brightness fair. Cud tSatan not fomc bauble find From woe so wild mine eves to blind ? I should not lack earth's joy and peace, )f 1 from self could find release. Begone ! all thoughts that once wcrcbrigbt '. Begone ye dreams of heavenly light ! My choice shall be the world's wild glare. And the mad mirth resounding there. The foolish song and the colour in Benedict's cheek died down together, and she sate &A; Mi. Brooks' s f;et as still and asyale as she was before. He sate look ing at her with trouble in his eyes, confronting the evil spirit that possessed her. ' Benedicts,' he said solemnly, ' you sang that wretched song to chal lenge me.' ' I did,' she said softly. ' Child,' he asked, ' are you bo hard already V ' Hard !' and, all the calm thrown off, she sprang up before him, 'Hardr why should I not be hard? Yob, I am a child, but remember you taught the child to think. And now, why am I tried thus ? A poor lone child, with not a creature that has a right to love me, not one to whom I can go and ask for sympathy and affection as a right, the God who holds heart strings in his hand uses me thus. Have I not tried r — have I not sought Him ? Have I not gone cringing to His feet? And I felt, I tell you, Mr. Brooks, I fell the palm of His hand pushing me back.' ' Hush!' he interrupted, ' you do not know what you are saying Benedicta.' ' I do,' she said, -' I do know what I say. I know I speak wildly. But then I am wild. I must speak or die.' ' Speak, my child,' he said, gentlydrawing her to. wards him, ' speak what you will, and cast off this black shadow in words. And then we will seek God together, and he will know how to bear with this way ward heart of yours.' She laughed. ' You think I can cast it off. No.' with a sudden sternness, ' I will seek no more for that I cannot find. I have a human pride in my heart, and I will sue no more where I always meet denial,' ' Benedicts,' the pastor said entreatingly, ' I came here -m my Master's service to banish the fiend Jiom your soul, if it might be His will. I cannot speak while you meet me with, this passion. Sit down aad hear me calmly.' ' I will not' sbeTetorted, ' I will not sit down and hear you. Oh, it was cruel of John to send you here. If I were to listen to you you would break my heart.' ' God would break it, and He would make it whole,' he ventured. ' Hush !' she cried imperiously, ' I will not hear. Oh, if you saw my heart, you would spare me. I must go. Forgive me ! You have been very kind to me all my life, and you tntan kindly now. But I cannot hear you — I bear more than I can bear now. Do not lay a pin's weight on me or I shall be mad — like ?'my mother.' He started at that — Was she going mad ? — Was the mania in her blood: — Could that account for this irrational wttdnees ? He shuddered then, and his next words were very gentle. 'Who could have led you into this misery, my poor child r Tell me when you first thought of such questions as trouble you ?' ' A year ago,' she said more calmly than she had yet spoken. ' How did the thoughts comer' ' Dr. Somner lent me some books, and— and talked about them.' He M'as not surprised. ' He thinks as you are thinking ?' he inquired. ' Yes, but' she added -with a wild look, ' he is not troubled by it. Nothing troubles him.' 'Heeaysit will all come right somehow, I suppose:' her questioner inquired. ' I'es, he Bays something like that.' Then fell the inevitable blow that he dared not with hold, although it made his own heart bleed to strike it, ' Now heat me, Benedicta,' he eaid solemnly, laying iius hand upon her head and looking into her weary eyes, ' I want to strike a sword through your heart, my poor child, that shall never be withdrawn until it makes a way for it to pour out its life at the feet of God. These things will not come right, somehow. They will never come right until you lay down this obstinacy and cue at the feet of Christ for pardon, yes, sue a thousand times if nine hundred and ninety-nine times you think yourself rejected. Thatpnrfe of yours that you cpoke of must be levelled to the dust. You will have to be a beggar in rags and filth, with nothing in the world to be proud of, before this ends. And, if it does not end as I say, it will end in misery, Benedicta.' Long before he had finished speaking she had suuk upon the stool, and now she was crouching with her head between her hands. He rose to go, but spoke once more pitifully, ' My child, will you go to God now?' The face she lifted was white as death. But her answer was ' No.' He stooped and kissed her, ' Goodbye, my dear child. I have passed through such a trial as yours, Benedicta. Think of that, and come to me when ysu want a friend.' And so he went. He had done no good, perhaps harm. But he had learnt the depths of evil in which the girl was unnerved and knew better how to pray for her. Ckm'teb XIV. — Old *j.t- Young absemm.e to hid, John farewell — Somneb'u influence over Be.ne D1CTA. . ? A pew more days. A fen- restless sleepings and weary wakings. A time of tears and passionate silences too deep for tears. A time when common looks were bathed in the light of tin uncoverable love. A time when common words faltered tremulously with the meaning of intense blessing beneath them. A time when the blue heavens above and the beauteous earth-' below were all disregarded forone human face. 'VVhen books were laid aside, and the meaning of no mighty mind was for one moment valued by the side of that from which they were so soon to part. When duties where neglected in the presence of one para mouuVduty, that of ininitteri&g; to the comfort of the parting dear one. And thus the last day of John's presence in Culla done was come, and in the evening he would start for Morville. Only a short day's journey ; but between those who love and, cannot 'meet it is about equal to put ten thousand miles or a hundred. Mrs. M'Strachan and Benedicta had come in to the Parsonage to manage affairs there ; for John's parting ?was to be public, and there -was to be a luncheon on {he Parsonage lawn. He had .deprecated this, but uselessly. The sad young man. would gladly have gone in peace and silence with his sorrow for a com panion. But thiB might not be. The villagers lad decided differently, and Mr. Brooks in the affection of his heart, was glad to send his young friend and pupil away with flying honours. So Madge walked among the loaded tables that morning with a feeling of pride in the result of her labours that almost overcame her .genuine sorrow. Benedicta, clad in white and, bur dened with flowers to decorate the feaet, Rooked out from among them with a wistful white ffice, that set a .silent but unanswerable contradiction on every evi dence of mirth and pleasure. , ? .. Betimes the visitors oame flocking in, 'fanner* from . far and bear with their euri-huTnt wives upon their arms, -Young men and women who 'had prawn up I side by side with him from whom they were now to part. Children whoie little stock of knowledge had been gathered from his lips. Many were there to whom hiB tongue had taught the way of life eternal. Many to whom he had been a stay in sickness and in sorrow. Old grey people blessed him with quivering lipB, and young eyes let Ioobb the fountains of their tears for him. He, the hero of the day, walked among them with a cheerful face and ready words of welcome and affec tion, holding his heart down with an iroa grasp. Few en* the anguish that rushed into bis eyes bb he glanced occasionally to where Benedicta moved softly along, and observed that Dr. Somner was never far distant. At last the luncheon was over, and it remained but for John to speak to the assembled people. He rose, and a cheer broke forth among his younger audience. John stretched forth his hand imploringly ' Peace -,' he faltered ' give me silence for awhile. Let me not hear your voices or you will unman me.' Then gaining composure with an .effort, ' Friends,' he Eaid, ' beloved friends, companions of my childhood, and helpers of my life, I am to leave you. One among you, whose hand was outstretched to help me when thtre -WBB no other hand but God's to help the lonely child, whose mind poured its sanctified wealth into mine with unsparing generosity, whose house has been my home, whose bread has been my food, in whom I have a father end a brother, and a teacher and a friend combined. I am to leave him. You — with whom — I appeal to every heart— my life has been twined with the mingled threads of affection — I am to leave. Young friends with whom I have walked in the courts of the Lord, vpith whom I have held sweet counsel often, whose joys and whose sorrows I have shared, and who have freely shared mine — you I am to leave. Little children, my little children, who have been my daily companions, whose innocence has been often a pre serving power to keep the wisdom of your tutor pure from the earth's contamination ; little angels, from off whom the friction of the world has not yet rubbed the gold of the heaven from which ye were sent — you too I must leave. The fresh fair hills, and the golden orchards, and the rippling waters of our lovely river, I must leave. The sacred tabernacle of my Gad, whose every stone, whose every nail is familiar to my heart, and the church-yard sod, consecrated to my soul by the presence there of beloved duBt — these too I must leave. It is too true. With the exception of some hurried visit the place of my childhood shall see me again no more for ever. My friends I have done with mourning. Jl'ou know — many among you know — the' purpose for which I am leaving Culladone. It is no new resolve ; I am but completing a -vow that I made in my boyhood, and the making of wliich I have not since for one moment regretted. The purpose of my life — with all reverence I Bay it, my destiny could not be altered to gratify my affections. Having laid my hand to the plough I dare not look back. I Btand here to say farewell. Although my heart's blood turns cold as though it would congeal beyond the air of Culla done, I may be not longer here. Although there are tics that bind me like chains of adamant, they must stretch or break, for go I must. Therefore I say, fare well ! One and all, let me touch your hands, and give me your bleBBing, and let me go. My heart is large : believe me it will enshrine the memory of you all as long as life endures. As long as I draw a mortal breath, Eweet Cullsdone, and all its people, Bhall be for me a green oasis in tbe wide desert of the world. And in that other land, where triumphant love shall reign, and by the power of its mighty smile annihilate all misery and all sadness, I shall know every face that comes from Culladone. I have finished, all but one little word. And let me speak that word in the tone of solemn authority. I command you in the name of Him who makes all obedience possible, old man and old woman, young man and maiden and little child, rich and poor, sad and glad of heart, I command you all to meet me in the Heaven of God. I demand that not one among you be missing at the last day from the right-hand side of the Lamb that was slain for your salvation. Farewell !' ' There's no mistake about it, fanatacism does make people very narrow-minded,' eaid Dr. Somner, lean ing over Benedict's chair. She looked up in his eyes bewildered. The remark was beyond her comprehension. He did net repeat it. He said next, ' I must go see Norton's sick baby. Perhaps I had better say good-bye to John now.' ' I think you had better.' Benedicta rejoined, and the tone showed how glad she would be to be rid of him. The doctor felt her meaning more clearly perhaps than she understood it herself, and a scowl for one brief moment distorted his fair features. In the next it was followed by a smile scarcely less fiendish, as he walked up te John and shook his hand with apparent cordiality. It was perhaps just as well that the eager crowd pressing round prevented the interchange of many words between the two men at that moment. All that -whirl of excitement past there were still a few golden hours of the day to expend. How should they be used ? John knew. Walking into the house, with a burning hand pressed to his throbbing brow, he bent over the tired girl who had thrown herself on a sofa there, ' Come, -Ethy, darling,' he said softly, ' get your hat, and let us go for a last quiet walk together.' She put up her hand as cold as snow to hU hot fore head. But you,' she said anxiously, ' it will kill you.' ' Not a bit of it, a strong fellow Kke me. I am only hot with excitement. Get your hat, Ethy.' She looked up then imploringly with one little word, ' Don't.' He understood word and look, and love triumphed over duty. ' I will say nothing to pain you, sweet,' he promised. Side by side they wandered in silence, those two whose hearts could never be torn asunder. j'hey entered the green church- yard and 6tood by the side of the graves of Annie Brooks and little Nelly Cobb. Benedicta plucked violets from one and daisies from the other, and John put the flowers into his pocket-book, and yet they never spoke a word. He stood by his father's and mother's grave and covered his eyes and prayed, and forgot the pale girl beside him. But ? she waited patiently and aever epoke. Down the deep lanes, and through the dark wood, and along the river's rippling bank, to the old haunts of his boyhood, she let him lead her in silence. And, at last, when they had seated themselves on the spot from whence the fisherman's hut had long disappeared, leaving no mark but the faint outlines of its foundation, it was Benedicta's voice that broke the silence in scripture words, ' ? I will make you a fisher of men.' ' John started, ' Yes,' he said eagerly, ' and he left all and followed him.' Thank you for that word, Benedicta. I was almost repining at my lot, and very unwilling to follow in the steps of my predecessors. I thank you for reminding me.' ' How Eorry you seem to leave us,' she said softly, turning her face away from him. ' Sorry : it almost breaks my heart. But, Ethy, I could go with a smile in my eye, if it were not for leaving you. It is you. I cannot part with, child.' No answer, and she neither looked nor moved. Then he put up his hands and turned round hex face towards him. Over its white, set calm the tears were flowing bitterly. ' For me,' he cried, ' is it for me you weep so quietly, dear r ' ' I cannot do without you, ' she said passionately. ' Kill me before y»u go.' Then John started from his seat and walked hastily to and fro, *' It is you who are killing yourself,' he exclaimed angrily; ' and taking all the strengthof life put of me. You might have been happy. We need never have been parted. And now — now — Ethy, my darling, forgive me,' he cried, mere gently, for she had hidden her face and was trembling -greatly, 'I know I am torturing you. Dear, let me break my promise. Only admit u- me that you will Seek the mercy of God, and we shall be happy yet.' ' No,' she murmured, ' No, I must not make a false promise. There is no hope and no energy for effort in my heart, and I believe what you do not.' There was something tangible to grasp, and he leaped at it. ' Believe what you know I would call falsehood :' he questioned. .'Yes.' , ' Tell me,. Ethy, tell me quick. I will rase your ibrtic&seB; to the ground by God's help, and you shall be again my own clear- Bouled darling.' 'No, no;' she said wearily, ' I cannot argue;. I can only feel.' ? 'Feelwhet! 'God's injustice.' She did not quail as she eaid it. ' I see it everywhere, in death, in life, in unequal fates, in mytelf.' 'Ethy,' be said reproachfully, ' you told me last -week that you thanked God.' ' One changes.— Yee.'she said, pressing her brain, ' I do. Oh, I am bewildered. I cannot argue. And argument will not conquer thought ! it silences me. John, be merciful. You premised.' He drew her to him as he sighed. Alas, only one hand was strong enough to snatch her from the web in which she was entangled. 'Hush, my sister, I will not torment vou. As you say argument is useless, I will pray for y pu. Ethy, dear Ethy, if it were not .for' this barrier I would claim you as my wife. But now it cannot b?. My little sister, I em frightened for you. I feel as if I were leaving you within reach of the leap of a tiger.'. -. ' ' She shuddered. ' You. know whom I allude to, dear i' ' Dr. Somner,' she eaid unhesitatingly. ' ' ~- ? ' I de. Ethy, promise me you will never marry tha*. man,' She looked 'up s:mply in his face. ' He will marry me, John, I'm sure he will when you go away. I can't help it.' ' Dear, he said despairingly, ' have you loBt all your old self-reliance, and retained but this one wretched obstinacy r' ' I always relied on you,' she said mournfully, ' and the obstinacy retains itself. Wont you come back ever at all ? .To see you might strengthen me.' ' I will come,' he said, ' at every opportunity. But I shall not have more than a few hours to spend with you and that at intervals months apart. And I shall not have money for travelling expenses.'* ' Well, she said decisively, ' I expect he'll marry me.' ' Benedicta !' in thorough astonishment. ' I haven't any resistance left in me. Of course I wont live. If he marries me I'll die. I love you. This quiet indifference conquered John. He had no language to meet it. He asked again, ' Ethy, promise me not to read books that man gives you.' ' I can't,' she said, ' he will press them and I shall not be able to refuse.' ' You are able to refuse me, Benedicta.'' ? She looked surprised. ' Because you love me and bear with me. He conquers me with bis eyes. I think,' she added in alow voice, ' I am not well.' Not well ; no, indeed, with that red light upon her cheeks and those fever sparkling eyes. The msn who lovt d her roEe from his seat and led her gently home, trembling -with & new terror. A bitter mockery of a social meal there was in the Parsonage that evening. Mr. Brooks and Benedicta were silent, making no effort to hide the sorrow that was at their hearts. Madge clattered alike with tongue and tea-cups, trying to talk down the ache in her own and in other hearts. John Bpoke a few grave words on subjects little in the hearts of any there. Then suddenly he rose, grasped Madge's bony hand, end set a kiEB on her withered cheek, snatched Bene dicta to his heart, with a passionate embrace that made the slight form ache, wrung the hand of the Pastor for one moment, and went out from all he loved with dim eyes and face as white as aches. Benedicta followed him to the hall door and there, grasping, she knew not how stiffly, the pillar of the verandah, she watched with straining eyes until he was beyond her gaze. Then she sank down, and they carried her in senBelesB. When she woke from her swoon it was to the racking pains- of fever, before which her overtaxed brain had succumbed. (To be eontinutd.) 