[?] Ihe law Mls, tiie Cfawtfean ^BihojaBtrante masters of hoM^oidB ar& to be entreated ?' fijljnS: ^fcleur ^ctzid.iiye out any 'rnore. ' Of tfa^e recommenda tions, it is ^fficolt tO -eaj whether they -a deepe^Mlmi^l-Mlg»,' of ^ninaii. aatimi -of. the kw d God, gr die jam of aoani. If the oohTmranM ..'-pf- psssengers men in^al^ it vocdd long/agp toTe been pnmshed by hnr. Thatjiailing thelaw, tbe Steamboat .Coinpames. refttse to sa^dy the denuinds v«f . eompoiang pas sengers is not li^dy. 'That the arguments -j -of the Pimtanp will bwe any influence J ew «Dd- respectable people ? ? is imj^bable. The will Teply that they are sot ^ehildreifc; that wey : caa Jthink for themselves ; that ? tbey have tboiight tUs patter . otcmtj tbey do not recognise 4he ehlij^fttipn as a Jewish law7 and^that they^can see -no sin j& going1 to admire the beauties of the Creator'e work on a Sunday. Many wiU add that Sunday is the only day when they bave tie opportunity of enj oy ing -this innooent pleasnre. The msjority will say that &e; question lies between the wynds of Edin burghand die shores ofJfffiaBhire; between, drunkenness and vice in the city, and? drunkenness alone. in Aberdonr; and that,! if they may not'revel out .of doors, they will revel indoc«s. ,I%e dilemna is an unseemly one-; bnt does it not strike the fathers of 'the Ifreie Church that they are entirely on the wrontr scent? . Does it never occur to' them that they themselves and their obsolete fanaticism axe to blame for the ' ghost seenes*' whirfi they denounce^ and the hideous intemperance w%ich &qr; deplore ? ' ®t»- -they never : remember who it was 'that condemned =the Pharisees for laying on men's shoulders burdens heavier 'than they- could bear? And what have they themselves donef And what -are they doing ? What is ^tbe instruction which they pro^de for their followers'? Catechisms, -sermons, and prayers— catechisms -with the skeleton -of ^ dogma' substituted ~ fcr-fche waroi «j)irit of devotion; - sermons .i^uch aj^ed no' feeling of -the -soul/except a. fetish fear ot everlasting perdkion ; and prayers ^which1 are either sermons or cunes m disguise. How have they cultivated the moral sense ofthe people? How have iiwy educated ^xe moral taste? What have they done to soften, Tefine, and humanize them? Nothing. They have fed masses of men— ? all differing as they do from each other in 1 sympathies, predilections, and powers — on 4be .dry bones ef one' dead theology ; on defimtSons and propositions which stimulate no feeling of brotherly love or genuine piety, on long-winded prayers composed on the very principle which the Greit Master condemned. They have done all this, and can they wonder that these kirk-ridden and text-oppressed vic tims of their teaching, who have not intelligence or instruction to think foi themselves, after oscillating between the narrow path of cynical hypocrisy and flagrant debauchery, passively resign themselves to the latter ? Can they wonder that among the lower classes in Scotch cities tbe Sabbath has become a: day of solitary and unsocial indulgence, while the statistics of prostitution and illegitimacy bring their damning evidence against that ' national morality of which the ' Sabbath is the bulwark. . » . . We know not exactly what a Con tinental Sabbath ° means, for we are not aware that on the Continent there are | any celebrations peculiar to Saturday ; if there are, they are better known to the members of the Free Church Presbytery ; than tons. If by 'Continental Sabbath' is meant the Sunday as observed in the principal cities in Europe, we can assure the Free Presbyterians that it is very different to the Sunday as they describe I it to be observed at the quiet village of; Aberdonr. And so indeed one of the! Preebyteiy had the sense to acknowledge. 1 Whoever has had the pleasure (for pac* ^resbyterumitm, it is a pleasure) to spend j a summer Sunday in the neighborhood of Paris, Frankfort, or Vienna, would wel come with irrepressible delight the pros pect of each a Sunday at Aberdonr, or any other plaoe in Sootland. To go from a not town, without a sense of wrong, or a look of xeproach, or a sneer from Mrs. Grundy, with a gnat number of happy women and children, all. beaming withi | innocent gaiety, to a pretty and cneeiful | suburb radiant with gardens and 'flowers, to eat ioes, sip coffee, or drink the mildest! beer, listen to a well-taught and accom | plished band of musicians, to stroll down i quiet alleys and lounge in picturesque caf$s — such is the happy lot of the Scotch man who finds himseli in one of the great cities of the oontineaat on a fine summer Sunday. From the report of the Ifree Presby terians we infer tnat the summer of the ' pleasure seeker n at Aberdonr is of a very different description. Yet the frantic vehemence of these Sabbatarians betrays . them into an incoherence on this point which incapacitates us from grasping the radical matter of their grievance. At one tiine it Seems to be that aB the ' pleasure seekers ' are, either on board the steamer, or after landing at Aberdour, in a state of hopeless intoxication, or taking part^in the ' grossest scenes ' of, debancheiy. At another time the descrip tion seems to indicate that some of theale ple&stire-seekers; are xtBitho' drank nor gross, but highly respectable. To the Presbytery it is aQ the same thing whether Aey are resectable or the reverse. The glamour of die u Sawboth' is over their «yea and their intellects. iremayenifar 5|hatw5lh? the»^ojri^^f disrepntable drunkards tberfc asiA nis^ lin^ofre8j-ectable sobeaJbU^iWd^they are alii bent on^Ae same oqec^fhat is, to spend as pleasant a Sun4^y ks «rcttm\ ?stiuiees, r the climate^ -and thej manners Some vf them have beisn to ^e klrk, an# are natnrrfly desirous of %ding in t^the latter part of the day some ^mpexuu^iiqn foTrithe pains ~ and , torments of, their snoxniug^a .sitting. They have listejapd to -a pray/sr, which soiind^. like an impreca tion, and a sermon wlnch' seemed Hsi'the inenace of the Accus^ lading them eternally despair. They think— not un naturally, poor people— thata repetition of the saine spiribial dose in the afternoon would not be good for their souls* health They think that a tranquil walk along the j pleuant shores of File, with the moun tain scenery on . die one side, and the -laughing waters oi the Frith on the other, would - impart as much spiritual comfort . and inspire as much devotional fervour as a labyrinthine discourse on Justification, or a Judaical exposition of, Divine jusiice. Accordingly they go to take their quiet* walk beside the beautiful , works of the Great; Father. The others, the majority have not been : to Jcirk for years. They have too keen, a recollection of those bitter days when they sat under; the dis mal preacher three hours in the morning and: two more in the aftehioon, to ^ en counter such a trial agun. The.remem brance of those day s of livelong suffering, :and the Book of Oood Tidings are a revela ition of despair, to them. Anything to them is better titan the kirk, the minister, his prayers, and his sermons. Wkisky in ti-e closed flat, cards or dioe within the ^Milted lodging, whisky on board the eteainer, and Whisky in the village inn or at -the landing-place— whisky or cards or ribaldry, or anything ; to get . out of their sigbt and their mind's eye the oppressive -sense ; of that dark, dreary unhuman Scotch Sunday. We acknowledge that this 3S*not a pleasant phase of Scotch or human nature. We admit that k is not a pecu linrly genial way Of spending a Sunday afternoon. But, with Br. Thomas Smitih, ?we do beg these xealous fanatics of jtbe R«e Church not to confound this miserable animal fashion of getting, through i a ''&lwboUl;', with the dalm, imipoent;gaifllty Which distinguisbes -the observance of a Continental Sunday. . No two things dan be caore utterly distinct. There is not a port in the Mediterranean or Adriatic, the benighted catholics of which would not be horrified ; at tbe grosaness and de bauchery imputed (Justly or not) to these Aberdour excui-sionists. — SaL Review. 