OONSBOBÍTÍONÍ I 'OF DR//. ^ANIG!AN,' , Yt CATHOLIC -DISIIOP O ff Q OULBUKN. .' (FRUU 00» EPBCIAt. OOBnEarONDEÄT.) j . Goulburn. Juna ÍO:h. 1807. The B:>!omn pomp, tho rojstio meanings,«n i tl graceful, accessories1 which belong .to the great cor moolala of tho Rjman Catholio Ohurob, have a mirani and irresistible attraotlon whloh fow,.even of thoa« wi own her no', have erer attempted (o deny. She wt ¡a .seated on tho Scvon Hille, whether we call berti apoase of Christ or the Travlata af the Tiber, ha« in a ajoi shown a knowledge uf tbe human heart, and power of stirring it to ito contre, which havo.made b offices lank amongst .the most touching and impresafc speotaoles ever presorjied to the eye of man, Undor h pointed nrohet, and amid tho «ambro ehadow« of Göhl' cathedrals, as well as in ths glittering, sanctuaries mi beneath the swellingdomosot proud Basilicas ! amoiga tho cold and calculating children of northern wilis a well as in tho gay un i cheerful life of southern etlei ' tho poetry of bar rimal has won admiration from OTO: bor sternest opponents i and tba voice of the icoffo has been hushed int« reroronoe before tho majesty of worship offered with suoh dignity to God. 'it ia no strange, then, if, wbon one of tbo most gorgeous of ha rites-no loss a ons than tho consecration of a bishop was about to bo celebrated in this country, where sid a eight may not be wltñeiaed, perhaps, within a |¡en< ration; wo should'bavo found tho oity which was'dot lined to bo its th'«tra:invaded, as Goulburn hoi bee for the last few days. Somo cams, porhaps, togratil a mere fooling of curiosity, ¡ othore, np doubt, added t thia a desire to ba edifiod; and tho .majority: join« most certainly to both theso motivos sin nnxlou* wfrt to off>r the homage of thoir respect and veneration t< Dr. Lanigan, the hely man tin whom tba pleaiti>Je o tho priesthood waa yeateday poured forth. Hi<idrcdi they were, and somo of the bestand foremost men Ii tho colrny wera amongst them. Ot thoso pressât ] ', nsod only mention tho namea of Kr. Justes Fnucett Mr. Hart, IClj.A. ; Dr. H'Donajrb, P O'Donovan Erq.; J, Donovan, Eiq., J.P. ; J, N, Donovan, LL.D. J. J. Moore, Esq, ; J, Mallina, Etq ; ;Distrlot Cour Judge Sills, T7. Tomplotóa, Efl- ; ' Dr. O'Connor \- Poole, Esq., J. Hanais, K«q./ and J. Delory,' Ksq. to show that the liberal professions and tb commercial community have bean duly and honourabl; represented. Amongst . the' clergy, the principal per aonjgea were the Rieht Rev. Dr. Quinn', Bishop o Briabans, who acted as consecrating prelate j th Bishopsof Bathorn and Maitland,, who wero assistants; tho Hight ROT. 8. A. Sheehy, V.C., co-adjutor' Blstoi elect of Sydney ¡ the Very Rev. Father M'Alroy, T.G-. ot Goulburn i tho Venorable Archdeacon M'Enoroe, Dr. Forrost, the Very Rev. ¡Dean Hanley, the Hov. Parc Jolie, Villa Maria, tho Rev. Fathers Dwyor,' White, M'Cjuino, O'Brien, Ford, Reardon, Caravel, Kevman, O'Donovan, O'Noill, Luokio, Laffan, and Da Caul, Brisbane. ' ' ' " Whenihoy wera) all assembled Ia the cathodal it may be averred that no Australian ohuroh-erer bJld a m Dre distinguished congregation. Admission vaia obtained exclusively by tickets'; but, even notwith»tandiag this arrangement and the additional accommodation afforded by a to'mperary gallery erected for tho occasion, tht building waa crowded to excess. For nearly an 'hom before the ceremony commenced tbe places wiro boinj¡ 8Hod, and ky half-past 10 o'clxk there was scarcely s elogio 'unoccupied spot in tho'entire churoh. Ats quarter bofore ll ' tbe procession poured forth, and s tow minutos afterwards magnificent indeed waa ?tbe apeotacla which «ho sanctuary displayed. Four biskopt in the. gold and purple ot their exalted offlcea abone refulgent amongst ' the white-robed (rain by whom thoy were aurroutded i the mitre flashed amid the black birettas, and the crouler and the orocflx'udod lustre and meaning to the-scene. These sacred jjmbola speke and sparkled as th* Urira and.'Tburapim.dld of old i and when . flowera and incense and musio lent their charms, it waiVvoAt before wbiol tho coldest heart .""f-TuU iaiRo thrill with a holy emotion. An altar was prepared for tba Bishop «lee», containing, besides a crucifix, caadleatloka. unseal and. pontifical, two small loaves, and two mlniture casks of wine, to signify tbat. tho new prelate should be bospitablo to alf. The assistant b'ebops wore rochets, surplice*,1 amices,-stole«, cor»»«nd white milrea. Tho injunction of hi« Holiness havang ~>"i tne ß8v. Dr ; Forree», the elect «ado a profession di «m. sworn to be obedient to tho Holy Seo, ofter wtoeb, -his Fa'(HeF»'"ôf""tho' TOburcn^*ânel rècb^Tnended" by lito Apostle, who says-" Be not hasty io consecrating a man." . Tho Fathers teach that he who ie chonnfor I th« ranko' a bishop, must ba most iiligentlr examined " villi all Christian tendornosa," concerning the Trinity, and interrogated npon the different titles and morale. ibeBttlng episcopal government. With .this viow, a number of Questions were put, of whloh tho following «rill serve aa a specimen. " Wilt thoo." said the cooseerating Bishop, "both by word nod by example, tench the flock for whloh thou art. to be ordained, in that which thou understandeat from the Holy Scripture ?" And the Bishop elect, rising, aad lifting hie biretta, answered "Volo" "I will." Airain ho was asked, "Wilt thou revorenlly entertain, tsaoh and keep the traditions ol tho orthodox fathers, and th« authoritative onaotmon ts1 of tho Apostoäia ohair&c.;!'' And again ho answered " I ¡ will." " 'Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the ? blosaed apostle, to whom waa given by God the power of binding and loosonlng, and to hie vicar. Pius IX., and to bis suoeessora, being Bishops of Rome, faith, subjection aad obedience*, as ths canons enjoin " J wih." " Wilt thou, with God's assistance, preserve chastity and sobriety, and toaeh them? . .'T. will." " Wilt'thou for evermore continue a bondsman in the affaira of God, and eetranged from tho employments of earth and from base lucre, «a far as human infirmity will permit?" " I will." " Wilt thou, for tho sako o'f ths Lord's name, be kind of access and pitiful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all that aro in necdt ' " I will.'1 Tho In-errors tories being over, " All these," said the eensecratlng Bishop, " and all other oracos may, tho Lord confer on thee, and m ay He guard and strengthen thee in all goodness," The pontifical mass waa thea procoeded with until the gradual when Dr. Lanigan placed himself pros- trate on bis taco while tho litany of the saints was being recltod by the' seeemMed clergy. The book of the Goanele was then put upon bis neck and shoulders., The bishops touohed his hoad, and the ' coneeerator prayed that ba might receive tbo Holy Ghost, and that tho "Lord would pour forth on bim HI« mighty work In bonedtotlon." This waa followed bv the preface and tho hymn "Voal Creator," whloh being' ended, tho elect was anointed .with tho sacramental cbriam, and somo of tho laslgniaef his exalted office wero bloised. Tho mass having boon resumed, the coneeotstor and consecrated partook ot the samo chalice. Tho mitro waa Iben blessed and placed on the head ot tb« now bishop, to bo worn as a helmet of defence and salvation, "to tho end that having his forehead decorated and hie head aafely guarded by the power of both Testaments, be may appear terrible to tb« anoraica of the truth, and by the grace God will bestow may pto ve a valiant champion against them." After this ho wss enthroned, and the great Ambrosien hymn of pralto, and thanks resounded through tb« church. The ceremony, whioh lilted three hoare, was brought to a fitting comluslon by the procession of the new Blahop through the people, «oattoriog hi« first episcopal benedictions amongst them. Tho sermon, on the occasion, was prenchod by the Very Rey. Dr. M'Alroy, V.O., who choie for his text tba 12th and 10th verses of the Oth Chapter of Si. Luke t "And Hearne to pass In those days that'H* wsnt out into a mountain to pray ; and He paased the whole night In the prayer of God. And when day wa«, oome, "lie called unto Him his disciples, and he chose twelve of them, whom , aleo ho named hie Apostles." Ho commenced ' hy describing' tho purpose for whloh they bad assembled, and whloh wa« of a twofold naturel first Uv celebrate with unusual oereraony ths Groat Feast of Fenteoost. «banking God for having consummated on" that day. the work of His life on earth i and socondly, to ptoolaim solemnly and publicly the oboloo whluh the Pope hod mode of a ruler for tba diocese of Goulburn, and to' add one ' more bishop < to the long chain whloh has come down unbroken to us through more than eighteen hundred yenrr. He then dwelt Upen tbs nature and Institution of the' eplioopal offloe, Baying that bishops wera tho tcachors of tbe Ohurob-th« auocceiors of thoso mon to whem Christ «aid, "Going, theiefore, tonobyo all nations, baptizing them' la tho name of the Father, and of tho Bon, and of tho lil ly Ghost." A glorious destiny lille, said be, to be a co-operator with Christ In transferring the faltb ot hie Church, and a sublime dignity ls his who rules that church which liss fought against «be power of. the Canara-against heiesy and loise philosophy, and has triumphed over them all. In proportion, however, as the dignity I« exalted, thu difficulties ate numorour, and tho mialfflcatlona must bs high. To know what qualifications ara required for the epleoopaoy, we must ask ourselves what were those poiteesed' by tho Apostles T ThBy were certainly «ot those of birth and worldv education, which, though they havo been fre- quently poeicsie l by Catholio Wihops, oro by no minos osesitial for ti» iïiih'iirgti of ! "their dütls». Yoo,SJir lordtfiddresslngtho new;blshop), have to oontond" with thc eophlsrar of .'men,, of. soleóos, ' ind the rallery, of the scoffer,' to be » pattern to pur flbok,"(o 'bé uncompromising in your firmness sid to weg* a spiritual warfàro against prUo and the p'owors of hell, -Bat God, who by his mercy has raised yoa to. this position, can gire you strength to perform them all. Dr. M'Al roy than gare .'an interj asting account of Dr. Lanlgan's pastcarcor, in which he stated that he know 'him for a quartor of a century, their acquaintance haring commenced in the Oollugo at Maynooth, that' aima mater which hos sent forth so many lights and pillars of God's' Church ' tbrmghout tho world. Thoro,|under tho instruction of suoh masters as Dr.' Renehan, and tho lato distinguished Archbishop of Armagh, he was prepared for tho high place which ho tbis day occupied. A blameless life, unostentatious piety,' ' and' punctuality ? in tho' disebargo of all hie collegiate duties, won for him the esteem of his pro- fessors, and the lore of his follow students. From this seat of loaming he rfent forth to labour In his nativo diooese ot CUahol, where for eleven years ho gained the respeot of the ? priests, and of tho Archbishop, and the warm nttaohmenfc . of tho people amongst whom he' toiled. When th« wants of the Church in Australia wero ? broufbt under his notice by the Vonernble Arohd^aioa. M'Enoroo, who was , then in Ireland, ho nt onco formod tho ,design to give un kith ?nd lindred, and devoto himself, for evor to thia dis- tar* mission. . After a touching allusion to the absenco of our revered and illustrious Archbishop, the olo >ueat preacher concluded hie discourse by a prayer that God in his : mercy woald pour down bis choicest graces upon him,whom Ile bad placed that: day ns ai.watch- man on the walls of the .Church. '"..<.. ..This oloquent sor mon, of which wo bavo given but a . more autline, occupied. three-quarters of an hour ia its delivery, and was listened to with breathless attention by too large, and distinguished audlonoo. In the evening, a splendid entertainment was given in toe presbytery. Dr. Lanigan sat at the bead of the - table.t and prefaced-a largo number of toasts with a gran and eleganoe whloh oharraed all , who I heard him Af tor tho names of f The Pope," " The Queen," and " Sir Jahn Young" had been duly honoured, the Right Reverend Bishop of Brlsbano pro- pose* tho health of now tho Bishop of Goulburn. Refer liri to the comparative obscurity in which Dr., Lani >>n had lived up to this, he said the ways of God ara' different from the ways of mon, and SB an illustrate he described the tentation which was oaused in .Knra0 when it wae announced that th« present Pope ¿ad coen olected to the Papal ohalr. CW, he said, ot the inha- bitants h«d ever heard before of tho nomo of Giovanni Hastal Ferro tti. He then wont on in eloquent lan- guage to., dilate .upon the high qualifications with which Dr. Lanigan ls adorned, and to point out tao admirable fitness of the seleotion which raised him to hie present position. . Dr. LAHIOAN, rising amid rapturous applause, said' ho was very much delighted at tho Sao spirit and full flowing onjoynant which pervaded them all. . But hs did not wish to koop their minds for a moment on thi ploture which, his Lordship of Brisbane had drawn Ho would give them tho name , of ono who waa mote deserving of their attention and respeot than he wie, and 'accordingly, after some romarks on the diffi- culties peculiar to th« mieeien of Queensland, and the exalted oharaoter of ile distinguished chief p.stor,; ho proposed the health of tho "Right Rev. Dr. Quinn,' Bishop of Brisbane." , ¡ Dr. QbtHK, in tho course of his reply, said tb.it there, was ono principle ?which ever guided him throughout his lifo : it was to render himself equally aootptable to' thoio outside the Cbarch, as well as to'thom inside it.' .Ho believed it to be his duty to .b« even more consi- derately kind to the. former than, th« lattrr.' :At the cloee of his remarks, Dr. Quinn, proposed- the health-of "Tho Mott Rev. Dr. Folding, may he return safe to Australis," which it ia almost needïess to i say waa received with unbounded enthusiasm.. This toast was replied to by the "Very Rev. Father Sheehy, V.O. of Sydney, in o speech of considerable potter. The Yen. Archdeacon M'Enonce, whoso health was next proposed, related in hie -reply, that, seven or eight years ago, in ia -conversation wbioh he had with the Archbishop of Cashel relativ« to Dr. Lanigan, who was «K-_ -v...» t01,4ve |Niand for this mission, that learned The next Toast was tho haaltU or tho two bishops who assisted "ia the' consecration, Dr.< Quinn,' tho Bishop of Bathurst, and Dr; Murray, the Bishop of Maitland, who both'returned thanks in graceful and eloqient terms.'. Dr. Quinn referred, fin a lengthened manner, to the question of education, and announced himself an unyielding opoonent of tho present Govern- ment system. - To Catholic«, ho said, the right to unite religious and secular education was absolutely 'nooea sari-. They believe in Jesus Christ and tbe Trinity, and they believo in the same mannor in tho freedom of education for their children. / He would wotk for this right, and, if necessary, ehed ' bis blood in its dofence. What Catholics lequired, ho said, were-1st. That the property of the schools should be vssted in and bolong to the Oatbolio body. 2nd. That tho booka used in them should bo approved by the Catbolio Church t and Ord. That the masters should bo nomin- ated by tho authorities of that Cburcb. Tbe health of tba clergy was then given, to which the T ry Rev. Fathers Sheehy end M'Alroy and Dr. Forrest replied. , Amongst others speakers during the ovoning wero Mr. Justice fnucett, Mr. Hart, M.L.A., Mesare. Templeton, Adams, Ac , . . . .,,...»; The speeohes were continued up to a lats hour, when tbs company .separated in tho beet spiiits. Thus onded ' one of the most memorabli days that tho Catholics of Goulburn have ever seen, ono which will bo long romembercd'in that distrlot, and fruitful of a thousand blessings'to'those who'then received io wiso and holy . Bishop to mle over thoir Church,.> . , 