Thorsday, 19th Decbmbek. In the midst of a season of unexampled | festivity a gloom, hns been thrown over the I community of Sandhurst by tho fatal aooident which occurred during tho progress of tho torchlight procession last evening. In Mel bourne one little boy fell a victim to tho ba-i jMssions of an unruly section of tho oom victim to the gross carelessness, if not the positive wickedness, of one man, Tho. Chinese, cracker nuisance is one which in Mel bourne the police have put down with a strong hand; at the illuminations last night it, was permitted to bo earned to a reprehensible oxcoss. Little boys wero in their glory, for they were throwing about their sparkling, dangerous serpents amongst the ladies' dresses all night. A pro minent feature, in tho torchlight procession was the ship of the fire brigade, to whioh I made reference yesterday. Her deoks had boon stocked with fireworks of all sorts, and thoa© wore let off at ' different points of the line oE route no tho procession proceeded. Just after passing tho Shamrock, some miscreant threw into the midst of the fireworks a bundlo of craokora, which ignited tho combustibles* and a blow-up was.the result. The effect wow grand, but the consequences wero torrible. The boys manning tho littlo ship's dock wero got out an' coon as possible, through the iudo fatigablo exertions and cool coin-ago of tho captain of the brigade, rMr Menghor ; but ono. of them was seriously hurt, anothor hurt onto death. The poor little fellows were eon ' rayed to the hospital as 30on aa possible, but «me of them died, after enduring hours of hor rible agony, air a quarter , past seven this ? morning. Ho was the son of Mr M'Gratb, a publican here, and for a long period a member of the local police force. I need hardly say that the melan choly event has evoked a deep and universal sympathy for the parents of the child. An inquest is to be held to-morrow, and if it is possible I heartily hope that a punishment commensurate to the offence may be meted out to the wan who threw the firebrand into the magazine. But I must turn to more .cheerful topics. To com mence, I may say that the demonstration of yesterday was one of a character un exampled in the history of thei dis trict. It was . a hearty, outpouring of a loyal spirit by the inhabitants of a large and important district. The illuminations in the evening were second only to those of Mel bourne, and I doubt if the torch- light procession ?was second to that of the metropolis. In it nearly a thousand miners took part. I wish I could write as cheerfully of the proceedings of the clay, but truth compels me to say I cannot. I don't know how it was, but there was a want o£ spontaneity about the receptions at both Latham and Watson's and Eaglehawk, which did not compare favorably with those at the mines of Ballarat. This, be it understood, was no fault of the people themselves, who turned out in large crowds to welcome the Prince in every place of importance along the road, but , of those who had the business of reception thrown on their shoulders. The places which it was arranged the Prince should visit wore the ' same as those to , which his Ex cellency the Governor was taken on the occasion of his first visit to Sandhurst, namely, Latham and Watson's celebrated claim on Hustler's Beef ; Koch's machine, the Town Hall, Eaglehawk, and the Catherine Beef in Pegleg Gully. When his Excellency wentronnd the district, I gave a detailed account of the works at the three principal points of \- attraction, so that it is not necessary for me ? now to enter into a lengthened detail of them. ? In what follows, I will, therefore, merely con fine myself to the proceedings of the Prince and his party in my following remarks. Before I go on, I may mention that the day has been disgustingly hot, and that the dust peculiar to Sandhurst alone has pormeated the frame of every man who has been exposed to it during the day. To the Prince it must have been peculiarly annoying, because during his drive numbers of enthusiastic, well meaning people persisted in riding in front of his ; carnage. His Boyal Highness left the Sham rock, outside' which watdh and ward had been kept by the volunteers during the whole of the night, shortly after ten this morning; and proceeded to the. claim of Messrs Latham and Watson, on Hustler's Beef. Here an aroh had ???? been erected at the entrance to the works, and .?'? there, was assembled ;'a large number of ladies . . and quite a perplexing crowd of the sterner sex. , Since . my last visit to the claim I find -??? that two Chilian wheels have been added to ??-? ? the machinery. Through these the quartz .'.'!'? tailings are passed after they have gone through the stampers and ripples ef the machine. '?-'? Afterwards the process takes the stuff through a cylinder, out of which it comes ready for the final processes of washing and retorting. On his arrival, which is announced by a band, , known as Hall is's, striking up,'God Save the Qaeen,' ? the Prince is taken round the crashing plant, ??? and shown a cake of gold which has just been . retorted, and is accordingly red hot, 325 oz in \- weight. It looks very enticing to even a rich man, but my inquiries fail to discover how many tons of quartz have been crashed to get it. On this point the proprietors of the claim are as close as they are on others. After this, : -. ? the Prince retires to the offioes, and from there emerges dressed as a miner, and ready to undergo all the perils of a desoent into, a shaft nearly five hundred feet deep. He is taken to the brace, and from : it is quickly borne to the bottom under the eacort of Mr Gray, the underground manager ?of the works. After him follow a large crowd of persons of all degrees and stations, amongst whom are the representatives of the Melbourne press. Individually how I got down will always he a mystery to me. I know I took a last fond look of daylight as the cage descended, and then I shut my eyes, and waited patiently for the finish. It came after a bit, aud I was landed safely ' enough at the commencement of a drive, which was illuminated with, candles, and which seemed to stretch into the bowels of the earth for an interminable distance. Fol lowing a number of gentlemen who have pre ceded me, I go along drives and drives till I 1 come to a deep hole, down which I am in Tited to go on a ladder. I go down numberless steps at a very. slow rate, because of the crowds who are before me, and then I reach another .' * level, which I am told is 500 feet below the surface. Here there are more ten-aces of pillars, and walls of . slab, and here I again proceed through now de tjerted workings to a place where there is another cago ready to take down passengers who want to get nearer Hades than they arc at present. I am pulpy with perspiration, half dead with fatigue, but as the ride is easy, I consent to proceed. Down here at the lowest iovel (550 feet) I find the Prince and his Buito. The illustrious visitor is hard at work punching out quartz, and looks very much as if ho likes it. A very short stay here, and wo are away again to the upper region, and on the four hundred foot level in a chamber which has been formed in working the cap of the second reef, and the dimensions of which look positively grand after a traverse of drives along which it is necessary to proceed in a stooping position. Hero a table has been laid out; with some champagne and glasses ou it, and here the Prince indulges in tho luxury of a glass of wine, and is presented by tho proprietors of the ' claim with a very pretty little box of specimens. Those contain samples of gold, of iron pyrites, and the other minerals to be found in the quartz on the lower levels on Bondigo. They are enologed in a box containing more than eighteeon sorts of colonial wood, very prettily put together by Mr Hetherington. Tho Princo oxpresses his thanks for the present, and then returns to tho surface, where, as at Ballarat, a photograph is taken of him and Ms followers. After once more resuming his ordinary garments, tho Prince left, en route for Koch's maohino, ia Long Gully. Before leaving this part of my description, I must say just one little word in acknowledgment of ' tho courtesy exhibited to wards myself and the other representatives of tho press, by My Lewis, the general manager of tho works. It was of a character to be re» znembered, because on this claim at least it was rare. . On the way we had an opportunity of seeing the claims on the finest reef in the district, the Victoria. These, from Baller stedt's to the northern extremity, were adorned with flags, and otherwise decorated. This lino is famous, because of the reception given on his first visit to the district to Sir Henry Barkly, by Mr Ballerstedt. He out of his own pocket fitted up his mine like a fairy abode, and gave his vice-regal visitor a really royal reception. But those were days in which rich men were not afraid of spending their money, and, besides, Mr Ballerstedt was, and Lam glad to say is, a man of an exceptionally libe ral mind. For the credit of the dis trict, I am almost inclined to wish that the reception of the Prince at the mines had been entrusted to the same hands. From the Viotoria Beef to Long Golly is but a short drive, and after passing through the township a halt was made at Koch's machine. This comprises twelve batteries of four stampers, driven by two engines of 60 and 25 horse-power. For the reception, three small cannon had been planted on a heap of tailings, and from these a royal salute was fired as the already dust-stained, and, I have no doubt, weary travellers came in sight. They were made at the Victoria Foundry, and have been proved to be thoroughly reliable. The en trance to the works was adorned with a very pretty arch, surmounted by an anchor in flowers, and a flag bearing the arms of the Duke of Edinburgh. Thi3 machine is only engaged in crushing for tho public. Its ap* pliances are so complete that quartz is brought to it from all parts of the district to be reduced. The quantity of quartz put through in a week varies from 600 to 700 tons, and I believe the machine is kept in fullwork. On the present occasion the works are crowded by miners from the surrounding mines, and others who are there on business. On a platform at one end of the structure which covers the machinery, there is assembled a large number of ladies. The manager of these works is Mr Barker, and he kindly conducts us round the batteries, and explains to those who want explanation the various processes by which the gold is got at. On the Prince's arrival he is shown round the works, and every effort ia made to make a practical miner of him. He sees the amalgam as it comes first from the ripples, and he follows ic through all its stages till it comes out ready for the hands of the ossayer. There is more champagne after all this business is gone through, and then a start is made for Eagle hawk. Passing through California Gaily, the Windmill Hill, the American and Johnson's Beefs are seen splendid in a gay show of flags. The houses at the crossing are variously decorated. The remainder of the distance is quickly traversed, and Eaglehawk comes quickly in sight. Around the Town Hall there is a large crowd of people, and just before it is reached, a triumphal arch, with no special pretensions to beauty, is erected. At the Town Hall itself the difference between the two councils culminates ; and altogether a very pretty kettle of fish is the result. The Mayor of Sandhurst, Mr M'latyre goes into the hall, together* with some of his councillors ; the latter are impressed that if they wish to stay they must perfsree pay, . and as they decline to do so they are requested to leave. On this the whole Sandhurst party, Mayor and all, troop out, and as none of the officials ef the Eaglehawk Council have ar rived there is nothing to be saen inside but a beggarly array of empty benches.' In the meanwhile the Prince has been conducted to the room prepared for him, and there he in dulges in the luxury of a bath. By and by the Mayor of Eaglehawk comes in with his robe half on, and declaring earnestly that the Prince was not due for at least two houre. However, the best has to be made of the matter, and so he hurries to. know the Prince's pleasure. What this is is not known till some time afterwards, when his Boyal Highness emerges from his room, and takes his seat at the table. Even now the room looks miserable. A few seats only have been filled up at the table, and on a raised platform at the top of the hall are seated some half- dozen ladies. Yesterday I received from Eagle hawk a card, which ran as follows : — ' Viait of H.B.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., to Eaglehawk. Admit Mr ? to the Lunoheon at the Town Hall, Eaglehawk, on the 19th inst. — Chas. Letheby. 16th December, 1867.' I confess that I was disgustingly, ravenously hungry when I reached Eaglehawk, and, being so, I had fond expectations of what was to come. I had been down a mine of bewil dering and innumerable drives, where I had been parboiled ; and I had come out into a sun and a wind which had roasted me. After this preparation, I was ready for. anything, and could, I believe, have partaken of steak and onions (a dish I abhor) in order to satisfy my hunger. I went to Eaglehawk expect ing to get it satiated; I came away from it a disappointed man. Cherries and champagne are I do not doubt all very well in their way, but they, do not got far when if comes to a question of filling a vacuum. This was the sum total ef the luncheon to which I had been invited, and to which I sat down in a fever of expectancy, and from whom I rose in a passion of bile. If the Prince was as hungry as I was, and as hot, and if he had been parboiled and roasted and peppered as I. had been, how he mnBt have blessed Eaglehawk, its borough council and its sham luncheon. Worst of all was that, when he sat down at the table, the room was comparatively empty. It was the ghost of a feastj or rather of a famine, from which men rose discontented, and which they left with a fervent hope that they might never be called on to take part in tho like again. To the few there his Eoyal Highness must ha?e afforded infinite pleasure when ho got up to leave. The company had enough of cham pagne, and had gorged themselves with fruit. They had heard the address read, and they had drunk ' The Queen ' in the solemn silence necessary to the occasion, and if they were not satisfied they ought to have been. I may re cord the address, which, if the Prince preserves it, will no doubt be full of tender recollections to him when ho looks at it. This was it : — ' To His Boyal Highness Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, &c;, &o.;, &o.; May it please your Eoyal Highness, — We, the Mayor and Counpil of the Borough of Eaglehawk, approach your Boyal Highness with assurancos of our devotod loyalty to the throno and person of your august parent, her Most Gracious Majpsty Queen Viotoria, and respectfully offer to your Boyal Highness our worm congratulations upon your safo arrival in this portion of her Majesty's dominions, We trust that your liayal Highness will deign to 'observe, not without interest, the evidences of that prosperous industry, love of law and order and loyalty, by which this great gold mining district we represent has ever been distinguished ; and, in conclusion, we beg your Eoyal Highness to believe that your visit to Eftglehawk will always be gratefully remem bered, and to accept our earnest widb.es for your health and happiness. Charles Letheby, Mayor ; H..B. Tolhubst, Town Clerk,' After this most liberal entertainment, the Princo proceeded to visit the claim of the Ca therine Beef Company in Pegleg Gully. Here he was received by tho manager, Mr Eyre, and shown round the wbrk3, which I fully described when Sir Henry Manners Button visited the district. The claim was very prettily deco ated, and there was a' large number of persons present at the reception. H.B.H. went down the main shaft, where he himself knocked out a number of specimens, whioh ho took away with him. At a slight repast, his health was pro posed by Mr Ster'ry, one of the directors, and H.B.H. then gave ' Prosperity to the com pany.' This toast was responded to by the. manager, Me Eyre. As soon as he had finished here, the Prince returned to Sandhurst, and the Shamrock Hotel. Here he will re main till , the ball to- night, which it ifl' said will be a great success. Over 600 persons ore expected to be present;, and the arrange ments of the Reception Committee aro very perfect. The Prince Ienve3 here for Ballarat at six o'clock to-morrow morning. It is with extreme regret I have, before I close my report, to record that another boy has died through the accident of last night. His name is Walters, and he was eleven years of age. Thus, two families have been plunged into grief by an event which to the rest of the community has been the cause of much pleasure. , ??_..: 