CONDAMINE. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) April 18. A correspondent of yours said some time since that a correspondent's duty was onerous and dif- ficult, because he must, of necessity, depend much on others for his information, which might be correct, or otherwise. But if he lived in Con- damine, he would have nothing to write about ; and that, I take it, is the more difficult task. Here, people won't go to law—at least, not very much—I suppose it is expensive, and annoying. They don't steal—or at least, they do so on the quiet, and don't trouble the constables, nor the constables them : we have no society ; therefore no amusements, except nobblerising. It is true, we have a School of Arts ; but then it is nothing to talk about, and don't interest us ; so we can't expect it to interest you. The weather topic has worn out; and the few matters not worn out, are so sluggish in their movements that we are con- strained to say—there is nothing in them. Yet, even in these dull times, an observant eye, bent upon making the best of everything, may con- trive to make up some topic of general interest, sufficient to keep us from going to sleep alto- gether. The most prominent matter upon which the public feeling at Condamine is most alive at pre- sent, is the Pound and poundal arrangements. From top to tail, from beginning to end, people grumble like bears with scalded heads, invoking sanguinary blessings upon the Pound and the poundkeeper. As I have no experience personally of the causes of disquietude, having not a hoof to impound, I am, in this matter, only the organ of public opinion, which I shall endeavor to be, without prejudice. " Why was the Pound estab- lished?" cries one. " Who established it ?" says another. " Self- interest!" responds a third, in reply to the former. "Where does the pound- keeper get his mail horses ?" enquires a fourth. " Ask the police about that ;" is the rejoinder. Why is the poundkeeper permitted to hold two offices under the Government which must en- danger his probity, to say the lightest about it? And when we find the poundkeeper's brother, who is the mailman, accused by his own mate, of being a horse soldierer, it is not wonderful if suspicion goes further. " What fees are to be charged ?" is another interesting question. The poundkeeper says, " Read the board !" and the grumbler says, " I can't make it out." Pound- keeper rejoins, "You can read them in the papers." "I do ;" says another. "You ad- vertise 5s. 6d., and then charge 10s. 6d. ; who gets the odd 5s. ?" And so they go on. It is said that a looker on sees more of a game than the players. On this view, I may be per- mitted to make a few remarks. I believe a Pound is generally established as a public con- venience, and at the public request. Now, I find that the Pound at Condamine is voted on all hands, except the squatters, as a public nuisance ; and no person can tell me whether the public consent was ever asked and gained, before it was established. But they do affirm that the public consent was asked and refused! Then, again, I find, as a rule, that the Government does not approve that its employees should be servants to others while fulfilling their official duties. Yet it is undoubted that the poundkeeper is the agent of the squatters surrounding Condamine. It is reported that they patrol the runs, picking up all the beasts they can come across, bundling them all into the Pound and then advertise " by order of A.B., &c.;" Now, if they do stockeeper's work, I don't think we, at the town, ought to be mulcted in the expenses—more especially, as I am credibly informed, that quiet old nags that never stray further than they find grass, and old milkers, with their calves at home, are, acci- dentally of course, bundled in with the rest. As I expect, from the threats held out, that the grumblers are taking steps to put these matters right in an official quarter I shall add no more. On dit, that the Primary School here is to be examined in public during the Easter week ; but as this is the fourth rumour of the sort that has come to nothing, I shan't believe the cry till I see the reality. It ought to be a good thing, when it does happen, that's all I have to say. Our new Telegraph Office (or its skeleton) jumped up one night like a ghost, in bony nakedness ; but its ribs are still uncovered. I think the able workman who " put up two slabs one day, and took them down the next," has got the contract. The Pound fixings are nearly ready and are very substantial work ; from its strength, I imagine that the poundkeeper intends running in all the scrubbers as soon as he has used up the tame cattle. Well, we shall get cheap beef then, at all events ; and the Pound will be a benefit. Some new books have arrived for the School of Arts (given by C. Coxon, Esq.), but as the ma- jority of the members have cried off the sub- scription list, and divided the books among them, I don't expect the committee will take the new chums out of their case. As the weather is all we can wish, I am de- prived of a grumble at it at present. 