THE CATHOLIC BISHOP OF GOULBURN Has issued the following pastoral to the clergy and laity of the diocese : — Dearly Beloved Brethren, — When, in obe dience to the successor of the Prince of the Apostles, I undertook the charge of this new diocese, I could not but feel how un worthy I was of this sublime office. But, as the way3 of God are not as the ways of men, and as He in His wisdom can select " the / foolish things of the world that He may confound the wise — and the weak things of the world, that He may confound the strong," I am not discouraged. The warm, I might say the enthusiastic, feeling so manifestly exhibited, makes me feelthat'I have about me an earnest and a generous people, on whose cooperation I may rely. We have many wants, but with such a people we shall proceed with confidence to provide for them. "Take heed to yourselves, and to the whole flock wherein the Holy Ghost hath placod you Bishops to rule the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood. I know that after my departure ravening wolves will enter in among you, not sparing the flock — there- lore, watch." — Acts, 20 c , 28, 29 — 31 v. These words of the inspired Apostle remind me of my responsibility, and press me to address you. I am amongst you, not to preach any new faith, not to show you any new Gospel ; but, iu the words of St. Jude the Apostle, " to beseech you to contend earnestly for the. faith once delivered to the saints." " With the holy thou wilt be holy, and with the innoceut thou wilt bo innocent, and with the elect thou wilt be elect, and with the perverse thou wilt be perverted." — Psalms, 17 c., 26, 27 v. Mere association gives to men their character be fore the world, and stamps it on them ; but much more association when combined with circu'm- stances calculated to increase its force. This brings me to a subject which claims my first solicitude, and yours also — the instruction of our. youth. We must view it in relation to our pre sent Education Bill. The leading features of 'this hill are, the public schools and the denomina- tiounl. In the public schools children of differ ent religions are to be taught together. Were these to say nothing of religion, we might com pare the children in them to servants who get hired in places where there is no opportunity of practising their religion, but where, moreover, many things combine - to make ' them forget it. These poor servants might remain in such places for a time, but only whilst necessity obliged them. The same we may say of mixed schools, in which is taught the mere knowledge for this world. But in our present public schools we find something more objectionable. In the hands of the Council, in Sydney, rest the selection of books, of teachers, and even of some kind of religion, which this bill proposes and which this Council may define. What this religion is, clause 30 of the act points out: " Secular instruction shall be held 'to- include general religious teaching, as dis tinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology." That singular definition may be called nonsense, or may be made to mean anything. If it receive a meaning making the teachers in these public schools teachers of religion, we are then to consider itfronrthe limits set to it by the Council, or from the character of the teachers. One thing we may say — the principle is not a Catholic one, nor is the religion so taught likely to be Catholic. All existing Denominational Schools are entitled to 'be certified -under -this act. Now, if this be carried out fairly, we should expect for them everything necessary to protect their de nominational character. If teachers are made so dependent on the Council as to give them an iuterest in -slighting the religious wants of the children, it is evident -that the aims; of denomi- nationalism must be endangered. Some teachers, no doubt, true to their principles, would cling to duty.; but self-interest would bring others to think and act with the idea likely to gain them 'favour. Hence the justice and the necessity of -having teachers dependent for appointment or, removal on -the local promoters of such schools. If public schools, on the principle of the pre sent bill, may be made the mould for fashioning any shade of religious character, how similar may -be expected .the results of training schools or -model schools conducted on -the same principle ? As in this country, civilly and religiously free, we should object to Catholic children being taught on principles subversive of the Catholic rule, so also should we object to have as : teachers those who may have been formed on principles antagonistic to ours. In religious matters, something more than a name is re quired. Hence the justice of asking aid for those who, in our schools, may be. preparing themselves for the work of teaching. We all know the great influence of the Press, for good or for evil. Those accustomed to read \- a particular paper are generally imbued with its principles. The same may be said of hooks. Those who are not Catholic generally get their knowledge of Catholics from sources that mis represent them, and on that account are not cap able, even if disposed, of judging of the books which justice and principle claim for their schools. For that reason, the selection of them should rest with their religious heads. These rights of Denominational Schools the Council may concede. I ask you, priests and people, to sustain with united effort those schools, the necessary append- . age of religious liberty — the right of seeing your children educated according to the requirements of conscience. Many amongst you may have been for some time expecting a school ; but would it not be too bud, for the sake even of a little temporal advantage, to give your children as orphan children over to any body of men, to be taught after any religious, or no religious, fashion ? The bill treats us unfairly in many ways. We deem it a wrong ; we must not cease to protest against it. Many of our people are anxious to secure for their children a high class of educatiou. Our convent schools already afford it for females, and we hope very soon to point to our seminary. Dearly beloved, whilst placing before you some of our cares, we are bumbled that on one so weak so arduous a work has been laid. But we : turn to God. We look with confidence to His1 Blessed Mother. We wish to place ourselves and our people undpr her maternal care. To-day the Church of of God honours her under the title of Our Lady of Mount Carmel. Under that title, we commeud to ber -intercession this diocese. -In honouring the Mother, we honour the Son. When our Lady prays for us, it is the prayer of a Mother to her Divine Son. The Church points her out as " Star of the Sea;" and, in the' words of St Bernard, " Following this Star, you shall not ge astray ; under its protection, you shall not be afraid ; under its auspices, you shall arrive safe at the end of your voyage." The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. \+ WILLIAM, Bishop of Goulburn. Bishop's House, Goulburn, Feast of ' Our Lady of Mount Carmel, 1867. N.B. — This pastoral to be read in the churches, and at the missions throughout the diocese. You will also announce that, as marriages of Catholics with non-Catholics lead to want of peace and indifference to religion, you are not allowed to assist at such marriages without special leave from the Bishop. Notwithstanding the hopes of Sir It. Murchi- son, no doubt, we fear, can now be entertained that Livingstone, the great African traveller, is no more. The first nccounts received of his death were substantially correct. He was assailed and killed by a body of savages from the South, known as the Mavite. Three of them at tacked him ; he shot two with his revolver, but was cut down by the third. The negroes who accompanied Dr. Livingstone, finding themselves overpowered by numbers, escaped into the grass and bushes, and in the evening emerged from their hiding-places, and finding the doctor dead, buried him, and then made th.eir way to the coast. The account adds that, unless the negroes in Dr. Livingstone's service survive and reach Zanzivbar, this is all that will ever be known of the greatest African traveller of the century — greater even, all things considered, than his distinguished pre decessor, Mungo Park. It is a lamentable end of a career that promised so much for Christianity and science. The Wife of Sir Roger Tichbourne, the claimant to the Tichbourne estates, was safely delivered of a son on the 20th of May. The bells of the old Winchester Cathedral were immediately set ringing, and continued to pour forth their notes of rejoicing for some hours to celebrate the event. It would appear that at last some decided steps are about to be taken by Sir Roger Tichborne to establish his claim to the baronetcy. Several bills have been printed ready for filling in the Court of Chancery, a step which, it is expected, will be taken almost imme diately. A Struggle on a Housetop. — Last week a rev. gentleman, who is at present under the care of a keeper, at No. 9, Hanover-street, London, contrived to escape to the roof of the house. A dressing-gown was the only clothing he had on, and he carried a Bible in his hand. He crept carefully along the roofs until he reached the Mason's Arras, when, looking over into the yard, he saw several people moving about there. He called to them, and as soon as he had attracted their attention he divested himself of the little clothing he had on, stood up, opened his Bible, and after giving out a text, began to preach a sermon in the most orthodox style. The police were informed of the mad clergyman's proceed ings, and two or three officers mounted to the roof, and tried to persuade the preacher to desist, and leave his perilous situation. He refused, and then the officers took hold of him. Instead of quietly resigning himself to his custodians, he began to struggle with them, and it was not until some time had passed, and all concerned had been placed in considerable peril, that he was completely overpowered. Even after the struggle had ceased- it was difficult to get him down from the roof and restore him to the charge of the keeper. Diabolical Act of a Woman Through Jealousy. — An act of the most fiendish nature was perpetrated in Liverpool on Monday night, by a young woman named Elizabeth Alexander. The facts of the case, as transpired before the Liverpool Police Court yesterday, are as fallows : — On Monday night, about twelve o'clock, Alexander went into a public-house near the dooks, where she met a young sailor named Christian Weimar, with whom she formerly had been on very intimate terms. He was in com pany with another woman. Alexander got into a fearful rage, and after abusing him in a violent manner for his " unfaithfulness," seized a small walking cane that was lying on the bar counter, and thrust the end of it into one of his eyes with such force that the cane -came out through the other eye to the extent of about six or seven inches. The stick was so tightly wedged in that it could not be removed until the unfortunate man was conveyed to an hospital. After undergoing frightful agony the cane was removed, but the man's sight is gone for ever, and his present con dition is one of the most dangerous. The magis trate characterised the act of the woman as that of a demon, and remanded her for seven days. The prisoner, who is good-looking, appeared to treat the matter with indifference. Extraordinary Trial of Skill by Pick pockets. — The Paris correspondent of the 'Morn inq Advertiser publishes the following account of the doings of French and English pickpockets at the Paris Exhibition. He says : — " The most successful demonstration of British industry that has yet been developed by the Exhibition has been been displayed by English pickpockets. In the art of ' faking a cly ' they are unrivalled, and to this valuable acquirement they have now add ed that of eluding the vigilance of the sergens de vittc, and of the private policemen who lurk in plain clothes in places where they are least ex pected. Since competition is so much in fashion in everything now-a-days, a trial of strength and skill has of late come off between the French and English thieves. The former were stung with maddened jealousy at hearing the complaints of lost watches and purses, aud challenged their rivals to a contest, which came off a few days since. Seven English and seven French thieves started on their predatory expedition through the Exhibition, and agreed to meet at a cafe in the boulevards, or rather at a restaurateur's, where they had previously engaged a cabinet particulier, aud had ordered a supper, to be ' stood ' by the vauquished. They met at the appointed hour, and you will be proud of your countrymen's supe riority when you learn that they triumphantly dis played forty-five watches and nine portemonnaies, whereas the French tyros in the noble art could display but ten watches, three portemonnaies, and half a dozen handkerchiefs — 'small deer,' which are disdained by the professed pickpocket, and are only 'faked' during a novitiate in the pro fession. They magnauimously avowed themselves vauquished, and, agreed .to recognise the supe riority of the victors in the form most pleasing to them by ' standing' half a dozen of champagne, fol lowed by bowls of blazing punch in quick succes sion. Up to this stage all had been highly gratifying to our national pride, but the hour of Britaiii's humiliation was drawing nigh. Our countrymen fell under the table ; their hosts, though they had not read tho tale of Falstaff's disaster at Gadshill, fell upon their prostrate foes, eased them of their pluuder, and retired in tri umph with the forty-five watches, purses, &c.;, and, moreover, left the waiters instructions to apply for the payment of the bill to the gentlemen upstairs on tho floor." tne Queen's Peace Epistles. — The Journal de Paris, just started by two of the best polemists formerly on the staff of the Debals, MM. Edouard Herve and J. Weiss, in referring to the personal influence the Queen has exerted to bring about a peaceful solution of the Luxem- burg question, says that the Queen first addressed the Emperor of of the French, endeavouring to turn him from his bellicose intentions. This letter, imbued with religious and almost mystical feelings, produced a deep impression on Louis Napoleon, who has never completely relinquished the philanthropic theories of his youth, and who, as you will remember, on the battle field of Solferino was seized with an inexpressible horror of war. Under the impression thu3 produced by her Majesty's letter, the Emperor, it would seem, protested against the projects attributed to him, and most especially against any territorial aggrandisement, insisting, however, on this point, that the question, such as it now stands, has become one of national honour for the country. Moreover, he evidently wished it to be clearly understood that ouce this point of honour was settled by the evacuation of the fortress of Luxemburg his subjects would be satisfied. It was then Queen Victoria addressedthe King of Prussia. Her letter, by a favourable coincidence, happened to reach King William just at a moment when Bismarck was smarting under a great nnd unex pected dissappointment. He had reckoned on the adherence and support of Russia, which had suddenly failed him. Prince Gortschakoff had distinctly refused to take part in the outset of the war, although ho might perhaps promise the in terference of Russia at a later period. Not only, therefore, was King William inclined to consider the arguments raised by the Queen to deter him from war, but M. de Bismarck himself was inclined to consider the expediency of avoiding war and its fatal consequences. \- Suicide of a Russian Countess. — The Gazette Naradowa of Lomberg relates that the Countess Czapska, after the condemnation of her husband to hard labour, had proceeded to St. Petersburg to solicit bis pardon, hut being unsuc cessful iu her application she fell into a state of dejection and returned to Wilna, home down with grief, and in a declining stato of health. She dragged on a melancholy existence for some time, but at length resolved to put an end to her life. With that object she seated herself in an arm chair, having first surrounded it with a large heap of paper,, and then set light to the mass. The smoke attracted the attention of ber servants, who found her with a smile on her lips and firmly resolved to die. She was extricated from the funereal pile she had prepared, but was so badly burnt that she could not survive. She expired two days after in fearful sufferings, leaving five children. The Civil Act. — The following pensions on the civil list, which exhaust the amount available for the current year, have been granted : — £100 a-year to Mrs. Chisholm, in -consideration of the valuable and disinterested services rendered by her to emigrants in New South Wales ; £100 a- year to the family of the late Dr. Petrie, being pensions at the rate of £25 a-year to each of his four daughters, in consideration of the eminent services rendered by hira to archmflogical science, both as an author and a public servant ; £100 a- year to Lady Harris, widow of Sir William Snow Harris, in consideration of her husband's valuable invention of the system of lightning conductors ; £100 a year to the Rev. Miles Joseph Berkely, on ncccuiut of his eminent services as a botanist, to practical horticulture and agriculture ; and £95 a-year to Mr. George Cruikshank, on ac count of his great merit as an artist. a Doctor's Dinner. — The following extra ordinary, but well authenticated, statement ap pears in the current number of the Medical '1 imes : — The celebrated Dr. Fordyce dined every day for more than twenty years at Dolly's chop-house. His researches in comparative anatomy had led him to conclude that man, through custom, eats oftener than nature re quires, one meal a day being sufficient for that noble animal the lion. At four o'clock, his accustomed hour of dining, the doctor re gularly took the seat at the table always reserved for him, on which wero placed a silver tankard full of strong ale, a bottle of port, and a mea sure -containing a quarter of a pint of brandy. Tho moment the waiter announced him the cook put a pound and a half of rump steak on the gridiron, and on the table some delicate > trifle as a bon louche to serve until the steak was ready. This was sometimes half a broiled chicken, sometimes a plate of fish. When he had eaten this he took one glass of brandy, and then proceeded to devour his steak. When ho had finished his meal he took the remainder of his brandy, having during his dinner drunk the tankard of ale, and afterwards the bottle of port. He thus daily speut an hour and a half of his timo, and then returned to his house iu Essex- street to give his six o'clock lecture on chemistry. He made no other raeul uutil his return next day, at four o'clock, to Dolly's. Steam- coaches for Highways. — An inter esting spectacle was afforded on a recent after noon to a large number of persons who assem bled on the grounds of Trinity College, Dublin, to witness the locomotion of a steam-carriage, constructed by Mr. Daniel M'Dowell, late engi neer of the Jamaica Railway, arid adapted for travelling on ordinary highways. The carriage, which is capable of being worked to eight horse power, and of travelling on a level road at the rate of twenty miles an hour, was driven at a rapid pace over the grounds, the inventor acting as driver, and Mr. Kingston, chief steward of the college, steering. Its performance evoked the admiration of the spectators, and eventually the provost and-several members of his family seated themselves in the carriage, and were driven round the courts of the University. The car riage,, when travelling at its maximum speed — twenty miles an hour— can be brought to a stand-still within twenty yards. ItB entire weight, with all the tools and appliances, is only two tons. The boiler is vertical, four feet high, by two in dinmeter, containing twenty-one vertical tubes of 100 lb. pressure per inch. The cylinder is three inches in diameter, by seven in height, .and makes four strokes for each revolution of the driving wheels; so that tho speed on the driving wheels is reduced at the rate of one to four. The driving wheels are four feet in diameter, and tho steering wheel two. A Diamond Story. — We have received the- following extraordinary narrative from a gentle man, who gives us his name and address : — A few nights ago, a commercial gentleman, from Glasgow, had been engaged iu business iu Lochee during the greater part of the day, and had to return to Dundee at a late hour. When he left Lochee it was nbout twelve o'clock, and as no conveyance could readily be got at that hour, he determined to walk the distance — about four mile3. He had not proceeeded more than a mile when he was accosted by a man, who either was, or pretended to be, a little " groggj'," by whom he was forced into conversation about the locality, &e.; When attempting to leave he was rudely intercepted, and thinking that, under the circum stances, discretion was the better part of valour, he dallied a little with hira, then made a sudden holt, and ran with all his might in the direction of Dundee. He "was soon overtaken and knocked down from behind. On recovering himself, he found one of his hands firmly in the fellow's grasp. After a short tussle with his assailant he managed to free himself, and took to his heels. Instinctively he felt for. his watch, and found it all right — its safety being probably due to the fact of bis having concealed it in a secret pocket. His other pockets had been rifled of their con tents, consisting only of some twenty or thirty shillings, with odds-and-ends. Qn examining his hand, which he felt pained, he instantly discover ed that a very valuable diamond, prominently set in a mourning ring, was amissing, and nothing left but the bare gold hoop. The diamond, it is believed, must have been lost in the struggle to relievo his hand from the iron grasp of the ruffian. As it was a valuable stone, and asso ciated with many tender recollections, the loss was matter of profound grief. But any attempt to recover it was considered hopeless. Gur friend left Dundee next evening for Perth, and returned again two days afterwards; when speaking to his landlady he naturally recurred to the subject of his loss. In the course of conver sation she mentioned that a brother of hers had, on his way to Lochee, the morning succeeding the night of the robbery, found something which he imagined to be a bit of glass. Acting on -this estimate of its value, he had given it to a little girl as a plaything. The landlady having observed the sparkling toy in the hands of the girl, and suspecting its real value, had easily induced her to part with it. Having proceeded, thus far in her narrative, the landlady forthwith produced from her pocket tho supposed bit of glass, which, as the reader will have already guessed, proved to he the identical diamoud lost by our commercial friend on his nocturnal journey . from Lochee to Dundee. His joy and surprise at its recovery, and his feelings when restoring it to the vacant socket, may be easily imagined. — Dundee Advertiser. An April Romance. — A correspondent writes. — -Some two years ago, a youth aud maiden of this city contrived, as young people will do, to fall desperately in love with each other. Their courso of true love ran smoothly on, vexed, ruffled, or disturbed by few disagreeables, till somewhere about the end of lust year, when the gentleman began, from some unexplained cause, to manifest sundry indications of restiveness under the gentle sway of his beloved, which culminated in his suddenly taking a trip to New York.- He re mained there for some weeks, all his friends, sweetheart included, being utterly ignorant of his whereabouts. Accounts of dead bodies found in the Clyde began to be forebodingly scanned, and all sorts of dismal conjectures formed, when all were agreeably surprised by his return just before Christmas. Everybody concerned was rendered once more happy, and none, it may he supposed, in a greater degree than his fuir betrothed, be tween whom and himself the ties wore renewed and strengthened, with, to all appearance, greater warmth thau ever. Tho weddiug was confidently talked about, and understood by. thoir several relations and mutual acquaintances as to take place in " the leafy month of June." Matters were thus, it will be perceived, on tho most satisfactory possible footing, and so they continued until the fatal first of April. On that day, some evil spirit prompted the fiancee to send her cavalier on a fool's errand, which involved him ultimately in one or two somewhat laughable, amusing, and ludicrous, but entirely unforseen, " situations." The frolic he took so much to heart, as to cause him to totally absent himself from her hitherto cherished society, much to her chagrin and sore repentance. Once, nnd once only, she saw him afterwards. It was -in Argyle- street, one day last week. There was no re cognition. hut she had timo to observe that he was dressed with scrupulous care. Further, her heart bounded with joy to notice that he wore, conspicuously, a valuable and beautiful scarf, which her fair fingers had elaborately fashioned, and which she bad presented him with but a few days prior to the untoward date previously men tioned. It was to her a new delight, a sure in dication that he at least did not. hate her, and she felt content and happy beyond measure, not- : withstanding his prolonged absence. This state of "ignorant" bliss lasted till the folio wing day, when, poor girl, she was doomed to a terrible awakening. A " mutual friend " called on her, ' and, after a vast amount of circumlocution, broke the ice with the awful whisper — " is mar ried." It turned out ; at, at the time when she ' saw him on Friday ho was actually en route to the house of the bride, where the knot was that evening to be tied. The informant tried hard to comfort the deserted expectant by the assurance that he had married for spite, and that the lady of his choice was a dowdy, a fright, and a guy — hut we are not informed that this at all tended to lessen the blow. It is not at all improbable that an action for damages will arise out of this " epi- sode of real life. - —Glasgow Mail. TnE New " Times " Machine. — Various rumours are afloat respecting a machine that is being constructed at the Times office, to print 20,000 copies of that paper, perfect, in one hour, which will be about equal to one Applegath eight- feeder, and two Hoe's ten-feeders ; but it appears that nothing is known of it inside, although, like all wonders, everything is known outside the building. From what we can learn, a great deal has yet to be done to bring it to per fection. Miles's boy says it is a copy of Wilkin son's machine, that was brought out some years since in America, and has been working, we be lieve, the New York Sun. It prints on a con tinuous sheet of damped paper (unrolled from a cylinder) on both sider, registering as exact as hookwork on a hand press. Stereotype plates of the pages are used, but of a smaller curve thau those for the Applegath or Hoe. When the sheet has received the impression on both sides, it is cut by a simple contrivance and carried forward a complete newspaper to the delivery board. If successful, it will surpass all newspaper machines at present in existence. Its further development is looked forward to with much curiosity. — Press News. A Singular and Romantic Incident has occurred at Sunderland, on the return of a man who for tour years has been given up, and in the meantime his wife had again married. It appears that upwards of four years ago a seaman, named Fife, sailed in a Sunderland ship named the Sarahs, for Australia. Fife left behind him a wife, to whom he had been married three years, and a child. On the vessel's nrrival iu Australia she was sold, and after that all trace was lost of Fife by his wife in Sunderland. After three years' silence, during which she mourned her husband as dead, Mrs. Fife was induced to listen to another suitor, and at the Whitsuntide of 1S6S she married a sailor, with whom she has lived happily since, little dreaming that her first husband was alive, and would return to claim her. But so it was. Fife, on his arrival in Australia, had gone to the diggings, where he remained, and for some reason best knowu to himself, he hud never communicated with his wife and child. From the diggings ho returned to one of the seaports, and hud the command of a vessel which sailed from Australia to other ports. In this trade he continued for nearly three years, until he began to think of returning to England, and landed at Bristol. Still keeping his arrival secret, ho proceeded to Sunderland, intending to surprise his wife, and before visiting her he made some enquiries of the police to ascertain if she was still living. At one o'clock on Sunday morning last he knocked at the door of his father-iu-law, a hill-poster named Scott, where his wife was staying, and the surprise of his sudden appearance and unexpected return may easily be -conceived. IIi9 wife at first doubted the reality of the return, but 90on was convinced that he was in the flesh, and a scene of rejoicing followed. The long separated couple have again become united, but the difficulty will'be to meet the claims of the second husband. Fortunately he is from home, having sailed only a few days days previously on a voyage to New York. A New Yoric paper states that about two weeks previously delicato pink cards, to the number of twenty or more, were issued to an nounce that a "Crimson Dinner Party" would be given by one of the most fashionable and : wealthy ladies, residing on Murray-hill. It was literally a " crimson dinner." Everything was- crimson-; the tablecloth had a crimson border, a foot deep, with bordered napkins to match, and 1 all the plates, dishes, platters, coffeo cups, fruit, standards, finger bowls, &c.;, were of crimson glass or china. The dinner wus served in the most elegant and expensive style, and the dishes ; were placed on crimson silk mats, with gilt fringe — tho silver on tho table being valued at 10,000 dols. The diningroora was hung with ' rich crimson silk, and beside the plate of each guest was placed a beautifully choice bouquet of crimson flowers — the waiters wearing crimson cloth coats a V Anglaisc. After having sat for : four hours at' tho table, the ladies withdrew to tho drawing-rooms, and left the gentlemen to their wine and cigars. Some of the gentlemen, then, seemed to imagine they must keep up the feature of the entertainment, and accordingly druuk considerable " red wine, " and soon their faces became flushed to a crimson colour. The guests separated at a late hour, having passed a most enjoyable evening. Renewal of tiie Northmoor Green Dis turbances. — Disgraceful Scene in the Church — We regret to have to record another most disgraceful occurrence which took place in this church on Friday week. About ten o'clock the Rev. -Jas. Hunt entered the church, carrying in his hand a large wooden cross, aud muttering a sort of prayer, being accompanied by the woman Cottey, who for some Sundays past has been almost the only attendant at this church. For some time they remained in the church alone, with the exception of Richards, tho bellman ; but in about a quarter of an hour afterwards a crowd of about forty persons, men and women, chiefly of -the labouring class,, came to the church in a body, preceded by three or four persons who were covered with paper hangings, &c.; Mr. I-Iuut was then reading prayers, but upon observ- . ing these persons he at once discontinued, and ordbred them outside. They moved outside the door, which was closed against them, and locked. They at once commenced kicking at the door, which was soon opened, and they re-entered the church, and ran from seat to seat, creating a great disturbance. Some of the men, who ap- . peared to be intoxicated, smoked their pipes, and banded to one another two jars of cider, wLich were soon emptied, Mr. Huut being first invited to partake of thoir contents. The rev. gentleman walked down the aisle, and asked one or two of the most respectable persons to leave the church, , and announced that he should not continue the service. No person moved, and as Mr. Hunt re turned towards the communion table a rotten egg was thrown at his back, his coat being covered with the hastiness. This evoked shouts of laughter, which were renewed -upon the «htry ! of a woman holding in her baud a long toasting fork, having on the top of it a piece of bacon, which she asked Mr. Huot to partake of. Some women then went over to the woman Oottey, who sat in one corner of the church, near the harmonium, and dragged her from the seat, then threw her down in the aisle, and, assisted by others, nearly tore all her clothes in pieces, be- - sides beating her- This dreadful scene was aggravated by several eggs being thrown at Mr. Hunt, who had been seated, but bad rose up, shouting " They will murder her," <fcc. He then beat a precipitate retreat from the church, follow- ' ed by a mob of persons, who continued to throw eggs and stones at him until he took refuge in the house closely adjacent, in which he has re cently lived- The woman Cottey followed him thither in a state of half nudity, and bearing signs of great ill-treatment, aud they locked themselves inside, the mob remaining outside shouting and yelling to a frightful extent for some time, when they gradually dispersed. It need hardly be stated that no policeman was present. — Bristol paper. The Result of Advertising for a Hus band. — A singular case of pauperism was before the Salford stipendiary on Saturday. A lady was summoned for having refused to contribute to the support of her grandchild, the mother of whom, who is said to have very wealthy relatives and to be the niece of an archbishop, now deceas ed, has become chargeable to the -parish, Mr. Law, who appeared for the defendant, Mrs. Worthing- ton, said the mother of the child advertised in a Manchester paper for a husband, and the adver tisement for a husband was answered by Mr. Charles Worthington. His mother found that the couple were in correspondence, and were about to ,be married. She saw the young lady, told her that the young man was very unsteady, and that it would be an unhappy match ; but, iu spite of every remonstrance, they were married. 'Mrs. Worthington declined to receive her son and daughter-in-law ; but she had a life interest in tho sum of £1300, which had been left her by her late husband, und she encumbered it to the extent of £700, which she handed over to Mr. Charles directly after the marriage. She was now living upon the interest of the remaining sum of £600, and had no other property except her household furniture. He wished also to state that tho young lady's parents were people of considerable property. Her father owned a large landed estate; her mother had money settled upon her, in which the young lady had a rever- , sionary interest ; one of her brothers was a clergy, man, two others were military officers, and a fourth was a country magistrate. Nor was that i all. After the marriage, ths young lady insisted upon her child being received, with herself, into Mr. Worthington's house, and she clamoured at the door oa a Sunday, to tho great annoyauce of the family. He (Mr. Law) repeated that his client had only £30 a year, and said it would be a cruel and abominal thing if she were called upon to maintain the child. He added that tho young lady brought £700 to her husband, and there was no doubt that ho had squandered that sum in the sane way as the money he received from v his mother. — Mr. Joseph Worthington was called as a witness. He said that his brother Charles had left tho country. . His mother lived with him (witness) and he had all her furniture. He was quite certain that sho had no other income than £30 a-year, less property tax.— — Mr. Law asked the witness to state what was the social position of Mrs. Mary Worthington's parents ; and he stated that he visited them once at Kirkfield, that they owued a number of farms, and lived iu a large hall. The young lady's brothers were subscribers to clubs in Loudon, and occupied the positions which Mr. Law had' stated. Witness had offered to allow his sister- in-law 103. a-week if she would leave Manchester. — The magistrates made an order upon the child's grandmother for 2s. per week, that being about tho usual order in pauper cases, as Mr. Truff ird remarked.— Mrs. Mary Worthington, the child's mother, had brought it into court with her. She was tolerably well dressed. A Fearful Tragedy in Indiana. — A cor respondent of the Indianopolis Journal describes a frightful tragedy which he says occurred near Peru, Indiana, a few days since. A man sold his farm for 14,000 dols., and went to Peru to deposit his money. He did not reach his destin ation until tho hanks were closed, aud so stopped at a hotel until the next morning. He woke in the night with a strong presentiment that some thing had gone wrong with his family, and was with difficulty persuaded to return to bed by two of his neighbours who occupied the same room. In the course of half an hour he again woke, and persisted in going home. His friends accom panied him. Oa reaching home he found tho doors locked and heard a noise within. Looking through a window he saw his wife and four children murdered. Tho perpetrators of tho bloody deed were still in the house, ransacking every corner and receptacle for booty. Tho farmer and his friends forced an entrance, und attacked the murderous freebooters, four in number, shot three of them dead, and severely wounded the fourth. On being washed and stripped of disguise, the wounded man proved to be no other than the purchaser of the farm. Horrible Incident in the Burmese Re bellion.— The last Friend of India narrates the following episode of the rebellion in Burmah, which has just been quelled :— In one of tho recent struggles the " rebels " had seized Ava, and threatened Mandaly, with 30,000 men; they were beaten off, through the treachery of one of their leaders, and wero only saved from annihila tion by the bravery of Mah Net, a female chief. She was taken, brought to the palace, beaten across tho back and chest till she fainted, and was then thrown into prison, where she wa3 tortured all night. Next day she was handed over to tho Thonzai Prince, who was indignant that a woman should have dared to oppose the King's troops, of which he was commander. This woman had been fastened, dying as she was from ill-treatment, in a raft beside the body of her sou, killed before her eyes. As she was still conscious, her breast was cut off, and then the raft was pushed into the current of the Irrawaddy, that it might go and proclaim to village after village the vengeance of the lord of the golden foot. The worst of it is that people give us credit for being on this amiable King's side. The King owns two war steamers, and just as the rebels had brought nearly the whole country into their power, he fortunately for himself sent these up stream, with a few English sailors and engine- men dressed in red coats. The news instantly spread that the Viceroy had despatched an army to help his ally, and before long not a single rebel was to be seen. The American Presidency. — The Oriental Circular of May 10th, says : — The nomination by the New York Herald of Generals Graut and Lee for President and Vice-President in the next general election is believed by many Radicals in the United States to indicate the ticket on which the Democrats will stand. 