RELIGIOUS. CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONFERENCE. THE Conference of the, Church of England commenced its sittings on the afternoon of September 4, in St. John's Schoolroom. The members of the Conference assembled is the morning at St. John's Church, when morning prayer was read by the Rev. J. Bliss and the Rev. -T. Jones. The communion service was then celebrated by the Right Rev. the Bishop, assisted by the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie The Conference met in St. John's School- room at 3 p.m. All the clergy of the diocese, with the exception of the Rev. C. Searle, Rockhampton, were present. A large proportion of the lay delegates also answered to their names when called over by Archdeacon Glennie The following are the names of those present :-His Honor Chief Justice Cockle, His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, Colonel O'Connell, and Messrs. Coxen, Uhr, Lord, Brown, Gibbon, Faircloth, Darvall, Dudgeon, Douglas, Suter, Jones, Groom, Boyce, Morey, Clarke, Halloran, Tully, and Sparrow. The above gentlemen took the oath that they were bona-fide communicants the Church of England.' The BISHOP stated that Mr. W. L. G. Drew, who was returned for Toowong, was absent from illness, and had requested that Mr. W. H Wilson might be allowed to supply his place. It would be for the Conference to decide whether Mr. Wilson should be allowed to sit ; but if he did, it would be better for him not to vote. It was decided that no one could sit in the Conference who had not been duly elected. The BlSHor then read the following address : MY REVEREND BRETHREN AND BRETHREN OF THE LAITY, It is a cause to me of deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of all good, that I have been permitted to invite you to this Conference, the result of which will, I trust, lead by the Divine blessing to on adoption of some well-considered form of synodical action and I cannot help expressing the satisfaction which I feel that so many of the clergy of my diocese have been able to accept the invitation I addressed to them, and that with so very few exceptions the different congregations of the diocese are represented by the presence of lay delegates amongst us. In inviting you to this Conference, I have acted upon that which I believe to be the authority inherent in my office and in making preliminary arrangements for the convening of this Conference; I have followed the course which I believe to have been almost universally, if not indeed universally, adopted in other dioceses upon similar occasions. I have invited every adult male lay member of the Church to take a part in the election of those who might represent them at the Conference; and I have required that those who have been elected as representative's should, before taking a seat in our Conference, subscribe a declaration to the effect that they are bona-fide communicant members. I have heard, indeed, that upon one or two occasions exception has been taken to the course which I have thought it necessary to pursue and I believe, it has by some been considered that every congregation should have been left to determine in what way its representatives should be elected, and that no subscription should have been required from those who are elected as representatives that they are bona-fide communicant members of the communion they are presumed to represent. I cannot but think, my brethren, that if I had so acted I should have been forgetful of the authority which I believe to be inherent in my office, of the constitution of the Church, and the nature of Church membership for what, my brethren, is the Ohuoh P It is not accidental gathering of individual believers, but it is a corporate body, endowed by its Divine Head with specific powers for the fulfilment of a specific purpose ; it is, the apostle tells us, the body of Christ, the fulness of Him that filleth all in all. And what, my brethren, is the test ofourChurohmembership, but that we gladly re ceiving the word and being baptized, continue steadfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers. I have, then, invited you, my brethren, to this Conference in order that we may take counsel together as to whether we consider that the time has arrived for the adoption of some form of synodical action, and if so what form we should desire to adopt whether, by legislative enactment, or consensual compact and I need scarcely remind you that in any action that we may take, in order for that action to be effective; it will be necessary that it should have the concurrent assent of the three estates the bishop, clergy, and laity. And here, my brethren, you will perhaps excuse me if, adopting the spirit, if not the exact words, of the present Metropolitan Bishop of Canada, occupy a little of your time in some explanations respecting the institution and meaning of a Diocesan Synod, and respecting the true position of a bishop in his diocese. I will, not trouble you with too minute details, but will first refer to the scriptural character of the power of the bishops, such as Timothy and Titus, who were placed by the apostles over the Churches to set in order the things that were wanting, and provide a suitable organisa- tion at the commencement, and before any other means were provided for the collecting together the members and the organising of the body. On this head I will read a short extract from Bishop Hall, one of those prelates who in our Church stands among the highest for- piety and learning. In his book, which is a standard work on this subject, he defines episcopacy thus :-" An eminent order of sacred function, appointed by the Holy Ghost in the Evangelical Church, for the governing and exercising thereof; and, for that purpose, besides the administration of the word and sacraments, en- deed with power of imposition of hands and perpetuity of jurisdiction." And then he goes on to say --" It is acknowledged by the Presbyterians that there is a certain policy necessary for the retention of the Church's peace. That the pastors should meet together in classes and synods. That synods thus assembled there must be due order kept. That order cannot be kept where there is an absolute equality of all persons concerned. That it is therefore noceB sary that there should be a head, president, or governor of the assembly, who, when the business is ended, returns to his own place without any personal inequality. They, the Presbyterians, can be content that there should be a prime Presbyter, and that he shall moderate, for a time, the public affairs of the Church, but without all private and fixed superiority, without all (though never so moderate) jurisdiction. The Bishop, whom we contend for, is ordained a perpetual moderator in Church affairs in a fixed impurity, exercising spiritual jurisdiction out of his own demand at authority. Barrow, my brethren, in his great work on the supremacy of the Pope, takes up the argument of the Diocesan Episcopacy, in order to urge it against the usurpations of the Pope. He says, and his work is the standard one on this subject, which never has been answered by our opponents, and probably never will bee-hive first each Church was settled apart under its own Bishop and Presbyters, so as independently and separately to manage its own concerns ; each was governed by its own head, and had its own laws. Every bishop, as a prince in his own church, did act freely according to his will and discretion, with the advice of an ecclesiastical Senate, and with the consent of his people (the which he did use to consult) without being controllable by any other, or accountable to any further than his obligation to uphold the verity of Christian profession, and to maintain fraternal communion in charity and peace with the neighboring Churches did require." That my brethren, was the position in which the original bishops were placed in their dioceses ; they were to rule and govern them, and carry on the work of the Church within them. As necessity required they called in the assistance of the presbyters and people to aid them with their counsel, and that is the position in which we are now placed. It is-as Bishop of this diocese that I call on you, the presbytery and laity, to come forward and concur with me in the great work of administering this diocese, in organizing a system, and giving effect to it when organized. I ask you to uphold my hands in the responsible and arduous task laid on me. The above extracts from the well-known works of Bishop Hall and Dr. Barrow, will enable you to understand me when I say, that for any course of action which, after due. deliberation, we may determine to adopt, to be effectual, it must have the concur- rent assent of the three estates-the bishop, clergy and laity. Neither estate desires to claim any superiority over or independence of the other. As Bishop of this diocese, I desire to organize and administer the diocese, in and through the wisdom and authority of the Synod. The Bishop cannot act without the consent of the clergy and laity the clergy without the consent of laity and bishop the laity without the consent of bishop and clergy. In constituting a Synod you, my brethren, are not giving his jurisdiction to the bishop. We do not ask you to create him, but to shore with him a power already his. And now, my brethren, having spoken of the institution and meaning of a Diocesan Synod, and the true position of a bishop in his diocese, I would desire to say a few words to you with regard to the present position of the colonial Church and its connection with the Church of the mother country. In lately, revisiting my native land I could not but be struck with the yearning desire which I found on every side to be exhibited for the reunion of Christendom, for the hearing of the body in the breaches of Christ, now by schism and division so rudely torn asunder. But if we dare not expect to be permitted to behold in our own day that reunion of Christendom for which we should never cease to pray, let us, my brethren, take careful heed lest by any hasty or precipitate action of our own we mar the fixity of our own widely spreading branch of the pure and reformed Catholic Church of Christ. If we cannot arrive at such a consent of Christendom, yet we can hope that the establishment of Diocesan and Provincial Synods in the colonies and dependencies of the British Empire may be steps towards enabling our own widely spreading branch of the pure and reformed Catholic Church of Christ to speak before long with the full voice other collective body. A stop-and, in my judgment, a very important stop-was lately taken in this direction, when our venerable Primate lately invited the bishops of those branches of the Catholic Church of Christ which are in visable union and communion with the United Church of England and Ireland to the Conference which, under his Grace's presidency, is about to be holden in the course of the present month at Lambeth. At that Conference the present condition of the Colonial Church and its connection with the Church of the mother- country will, I doubt not be carefully and prayerfully considered, and one serious question which we may expect will occupy the attention of the conference is how at once to secure the general unity of our now widolj'-Bpreoding branch of the Catholic Church of Christ with the necessary independent government of the several branches in all matters of local detail and internal discipline ; remembering that the Church of England, for upwards of two hundred years after the Reformation, was confined almost entirely within the four seas that surrounded the British Isles, whilst its wonderful progress within the last half-century, or something more, including the transatlantic branch in the United States, has almost equalled in magnitude the growth of the Church in the Apostolic ago I shall purposely refrain, my brethren, from entering at any length upon the consideration of this question, because I think it is our wisdom to await the result of these deliberations and trust to profit by the wisdom and experience of those who will be assembled at that' Conference. This much, my brethren, I would desire to say, in considering desolation of the Church of the mother country to the Church in the colonies, it will be necessary for us carefully to distinguish between what are the essentials and what the contents of the Church. The Church at home is at once national and catholic-the Church in the colonies is catholic but not national. Catholicity is of the essence of the Church-its nationality or establishment is an accident. The Church at home in a part and parcel of the British con- stitution-iri the colonies it is a voluntary association ; as such it deserves to be regarded, and claims to be in no better or worse position than any other religious denomination and if the Presbyterian, 'or Wesleyan, or any other religious body are able, without legislative enactment, to organise themselves, I can see no reason why, if after mature consideration such a course is considered to be the most expedient, the Church is not able to do likewise. The first question, then, my brethren, which I should desire to submit for your consideration is whether in your judgment the time has arrived when it will be desirable for us to enter upon some form of synodical action and if this is decided by you in the affirmative, then what form of synodical action you would desire to adopt. Whether it should be by Legislative enactment or consensual compact. Different forms of synodical action have, as you are aware, been already adopted in several of the Australian dioceses. It will be for the Conference to decide which, if any, of these forms they desire to adopt. I shall be ready, my brethren, to accept whichever the Conference may desire. Whilst as at present advised I have no hesitation in saying that I think it would be desirable to adopt a form of consensual compact, with an application to the Legislature, if subsequent' experience should prove it to be desirable, for some simple enactment which, with due regard to vested interests and specific trusts, may enable the Synod to deal with the temporalities of the Church. I have already, my brethren, claimed your attention for a somewhat longer time then I had intended, but" before I bring this address to a close it may be desirable that I should briefly refer to some of the many important questions which would claim the attention of the Synod. First, then, I would say, in the colonies we are a voluntary association, and it will be necessary for us to adopt a constitution. Upon what then, I would ask, should that constitution be based but upon God's written Word and the Prayer Book, the best interpreter of the Bible ? In reverently acknowledging that sacred volume which we receive not as being the word of man, but as it is in very deed the Word of God, we would earnestly contend for the faith once delivered to the saints. Having adopted a constitution, the Church being in itself an expand- ing body, it would be for the Synod to make arrangements for increasing the number of her ministering servants, who may occupy new openings in the vast mission field, and supply the place of those of us who from being laborers in the field are called in the evening into the presence of that Lord who sends us into the vineyard ; the sustentation of the clergy ; the organisation and subdivision of parishes ; the appointment of clergy; the consecration of churches and cerno . tories ; the education of the young ; the supply of the occasional offices of the church, such as marriages and burials ; the adoption of some model trust deed; for the appointment of a board, who, subject to the control of the general Synod and to the terms of any specific trust," might stand possessed of lands and moneys, either granted by the Crown or given by individual members for the use and benefit of the Church ; the education of the children of the clergy, and some provision for those who, through infirmity or age, are no longer able to fulfil the active duties of the ministry here and many other equally important subjects would claim the attention of the Synod. As the chief pastor of the whole diocese, to the bishop is entrusted the ordination of ministers who may be associated with him in the ministry of the Word and Sacrament ; the confirmation of the young and the dedication by a special service to Almighty God of buildings, separated from all ordinary and profane' uses, and specially devoted to His service. It is thus, my brethren, that I have ever considered that the appointments of the clergy to assist him in ministering to the different congregations was inherent in the office of the chief pastor of a diocese. Gladly shall I divest myself in some measure of this great responsibility, and readily shall I concur in any carefully considered measure by which the members of the different con- gregations may have a voice in the appointment of the clergy and now, my brethren, may God, in His great mercy, be with us in these our deliberations and may Ho, for Christ's sake, enable us to do that which shall be most con- ducive to the increase of piety and the furtherance of true religion amongst us. The BISHOP said he had proposed as soon as the Conference, which he declared opened, had not to have delivered his address and then to have adjourned until 4 p.m., but it had been thought better not to sit until 3 pm. It rested with the Conference to say whether they were prepared to enter upon any discussion. If they were, the subject which he proposed was, " Whether you think the time has arrived for the establishment of some system of synodical action ?" He did not think the discussion of that question would occupy much time and if carried in the affirmative, he would propose next, " What form of Synodical action do you propose to adopt " That was not so easily settled. Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE said he thought the time had arrived for taking Synodical action of some kind. He considered that every member present, whether clergy or laity, must have fully considered the question, and must be in a condition to say aye or no on the subject. He, therefore, proposed,-" That, in the opinion of this Conference the time has come for the adoption of some form of synodical action." Mr. COXEN said he was very glad to second the motion. It must be evident to all that the time had arrived for taking Synodical action. The motion was put and passed. The BISHOP said that unless they wished to adjourn, the next question for consideration was,-" What form of Synod it was desirable to adopt." After a little discussion they would be able to see whether the Conference as a whole could come to a conclusion on that point, or whether it would be better to appoint a small sub-committee to consider it together and then report upon it. Mr. DARVALL moved-" That the address of the Bishop be printed and circulated among members of the Synod, but that in the mean time we go on with the question submitted to us for consideration." Mr. DUDGEON said he would like to know whether the Bishop had the power to veto the proceedings of the Conference ? The Bishop said it would be better to omit the word " veto." He only claimed for himself that which he claimed for the clergy and laity. Those of the word " veto" was calculated to mislead people. After some further discussion, Mr. DARVALL'S motion was put and carried unanimously. Colonel O'CONNELL said he was desirous of directing the attention of the Conference to the advisability of getting some information respect- ing the constitutions obtaining in the Churches in the neighboring colonies. He was told that in New Zealand the government of the Church was by compact, but in New South Wales and Victoria by Legislative enactment. A committee might be appointed to obtain those acts, and other documents relating to these matters, and draw up a report which could be submitted to the Conference next day. It would also be desirable to ascertain the mode of voting adopted in the Synods of the other colonies. He would, therefore, move " That the following gentlemen be appointed a committee to examine and report, to-morrow, to this Conference, the system - of Church Government existing in the other colonies of Australia, viz., The Right Rev. the Bishop, the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, the Rev. J. Bliss, the Rev. J. Matthews, and Messrs. Douglas, Ramsay, and Darvall." The BISHOP said he had got the Sydney constitution, but not the Adelaide one. In Adelaide the consensus compact was in existence. In New South Wales the Church assemblies were recognised by the Legislature, and in Victoria they were also sanctioned by the Legislature. In Western Australia there was, he thought, no Synod, as that was a Crown colony. In Tasmania the Synod was by consensus compact. The committee might consider whether it was desirable to adopt the consensus or legislative form of Synod. The Rev. R. MOFFATT seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice of his intention to move next day, " that it is not desirable to apply to the Legislature to render legal any of the synodical proceedings." Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE said that as he understood that it was not necessary to give notice of motion, he considered it was competent for any member of the Conference to bring forward a substantive resolution, a point which would advance their deliberations. Every gentleman present, both clergy and laity, had no doubt turned over in his own mind the advantages or disadvantages of a Synod established by volun- tary compact, or of one founded on Legislative enactments. Ho doomed discussion unnecessary. He had made up his own mind long ago, and in accordance with the conclusions to which he had arrived, he would move, " that in the opinion of this Conference, the Synod to be here- after convened shall be founded on the basis of voluntary compact, and not on Legislative on actment." Chief Justice COCKLE concurred in the opinion expressed by Mr. Justice Lutwyche. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. There was a large attendance of the clergy and lay representatives. r The BISHOP read the report brought up by the committee on the' previous day, to examine the systems of Church government existing in the other colonies of Australia : " The Committee, appointed by the Conference to examine and report on the systems of Church Government existing in the other colonies of Australasia, having inquired into the various matters referred to them by the Conference, so far as the limited time at their disposal would allow them to do, desire to report that " The system of Church Government at present existing in the colony of New South Wales would appear to be diocesan and provincial Synods based upon Legislative sanction, so far as regards the temporalities of the Church, and embodying a recognition of the Church Constitution as adopted by the general Conference of the Bishops, and clerical and lay representatives of the several dioceses within the colony. " In Victoria the system existing appears to be a Church Assembly, based upon Legislative enactment, and providing for the regulation of the affairs of the said Church. " In South Australia the system of Church Government would appear to be based upon consensual compact, their endeavor to obtain an Act of Incorporation, having hitherto been refused by the Legislature. " In Tasmania the System of Church Government would appear to be a Synod, based upon Legislative enactment. " In New Zealand the system of Church Government would appear to be a general and diocesan Synod, based upon voluntary compact, but aided by a short temporalities enactment. The Committee having discharged the duties which they have been called upon to perform, would only in conclusion, desire to point out that each of the Australasian colonies would I appear to have found it necessary to apply to the Legislature for some enactment affecting the the temporalities of the Church, and, in some cases, the constitution of the Synod. " E. W. BRISBANE, Chairman. " BENJ. GLENNIE. " JAMES MATTHEWS. " ROBERT RAMSAY. F. O. DARVALL. " J. DOUGLAS." Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE moved that the debate on his motion-" that, in the opinion of this Conference, the Synod to be hereafter convened shall be founded on the basis of voluntary compact, and not on legislative enact- mention resumed. He had not intended to have addressed the Conference further on the subject, but to have merely claimed the privilege of reply if necessary ; but several members had expressed a wish that he should give his reasons for coming to the conclusion to which he had arrived on the subject. He would therefore briefly state the reasons which had led him to conclude that it would be better to establish the Synod on voluntary compact than on legislative enactment. - In the first place, he would deal with the negative part of the question that it was not desirable to proceed by legislative enactments. It was now very nearly forty years since he, with other young men of his own standing, had come to the conclusion that it was desirable, if possible, to sever the union between Church and State. Every year that conclusion had grown on his mind and he considered that wherever it was possible to form a Church without the assistance of the State, it should be done. The evils which arose from the connection of Church and State were enormous. He would allude to one in particular the standing snare of the Church of England- the lay patronage family livings How so much learning and piety could have grown up upon such a state of things was truly too difficult for human understanding to comprehend; but, nevertheless, he considered that the great blot on the constitution the Church of England. God be thanked, nothing of the kind existed out here at present, and he trusted never would exist. There were many other evils, on which he need not dilate, as they must be patent in the minds of the clergy, whom they principally affected. But there was another evil to which he would allude. Every person in England was supposed or presumed to be a member of the Church of England, if he did not belong to any other religious denomination. What was the result ? They were taunted with all kinds of evil practices, because persons who really never entered a church in their lives were supposed to be members of the Church of England. If, however, they came together as members of a voluntary association, and recorded their membership in the books of the Church they frequented, they would have an easy way of ascertaining who were members of the Church, and who were not He, therefore, thought that it was desirable that the Synod should be established on the basis of voluntary compact, and not on any legislative enactment. He would wish every member of the Conference who was halting between two opinions to remember that what the State could give the State could take away. He would request members to consider that they would not be precluded from asking if necessary, for a legislative enactment by agreeing now to establish the Synod on a basis of voluntary compact. He thought the loss they had to do with the State the better, but if experience hereafter showed that it was do- sirable to procure the assistance of the State, they could apply for it. He trusted that they would be able to do without it, for it ought to be remembered that it was very easy to put one's head into the lion's mouth, but not so easy to draw it back again. Archdeacon GLENNIE said he wished to make a few remarks before the motion was put. He concurred in all the objects which Mr. Justice Lutwyche had laid before the meeting in such a very lucid manner respecting the union of Church and State in England. He was not going to speak on the other side of the question, but he had very strong reasons why he would be sorry in the extreme to see the day when the connection between Church and State in England would be severed. He felt sure he was only speaking the minds of all his brother clergymen when he alluded to the great losses which they sustained in this colony, not from being unconnected with the State because he was not in favor of union between Church and State out here but from other causes. There were in the old country a large number of clergymen who wanted the ample means which were placed at their disposal, and which were intended to give them the means to study in order to prepare themselves to be the champions of the Church in all times. It was deeply to be deplored that the weakness of human nature should lead any at home to neglect those means placed at their disposal. On the other hand, he did not know any country outside of England where they could find a very large body of deeply learned clergy. That was one great loss felt all over the world in the colonial Church. In speaking of that Church he referred to the Church in the United States of America as well as to their own colonial Churches. He was in Brisbane two months ago, and had full notice of the very important business that would be brought before the Conference, but from that time to within a' week ago he had to perform more than a usual amount of work in preparing children for confirmation, and had literally had no time whatever to prepare himself for the Conference. He know his own was not a solitary cose the clergy had not time to devote themselves to those studies which ought to pro- pare them to come to a meeting like the present. He quite agreed with Mr. Justice Lutwyche that the Synod should be formed on voluntary compact. His Honor had alluded to one question which he would also like to say a few words on. After the Synod was formed and began to work, it might be found necessary to apply to the Legislature in a very simple way, to recognise them as a body, and for the pur- poBO of securing their landed property. He would very warmly second the motion which had been brought forward. Mr. GROOM would like to know even if the constitution of the Church agreed to by the Synod should be on the voluntary compact, whether it would not be necessary afterwards to apply to the Legislature for a short Act. He held in his hand an Act passed by the Parliament of New South Wales to enable the mom- bers of the United Church of England and Ireland in that colony to manage the property of the said Church. The preamble was to the following effect :-" Whereas, at a general Con- force of Bishop, clergy, and lay representatives of the existing dioceses of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales, convened, and held in the city of Sydney in the month of April, 1860, certain articles and provisions were agreed to and accepted as constitu- tions for the management and good government of the said Church. And whereas such agreement cannot, as regards the management of the property of the said Church, be carried into effect without the aid of the Legislature in manner hereinafter provided. The first clause of the same act provided that " the several articles and provisions contained in the said constitutions, and any rules and ordinances to be made under by virtue, or in pursuance thereof, are and shall, for all purposes connected with, or in any way, relating to the property of the said United Church of England and Ireland within the colony of New South Wales, be binding upon the members of the said Church.' He thought it very desirable to know, whether in the event of the Synod being formed upon voluntary compact, it would be necessary to apply to the Legislature for a short act, making the constitutions binding upon every member of the Church of England in the colony of Queensland. Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE said his unhesitating opinion was that it would not be necessary. If other religious bodies were enabled as associations to carry on their affairs without interference from the Legislature, he BOW no reason why, in their own case, they should be compelled to apply for assistance to the Legislature. Their Synod would act like other voluntary bodies. Those who would co-operate with them would be members of the Church, and those who would not they would expel. The Rev. J. R. MOFFATT said he had much pleasure in supporting Mr. Justice Lutwyche's motion. The Rev. T. JONES said it was with much pleasure he supported the opinions expressed by Mr. Justice Lutwyche and the Rev. Mr. Moffatt. He believed one great benefit that would arise from the Church keeping clear of any legislative enactment would be to throw an amount of interest into the affairs of the Church generally, which was at present not shared in by hundreds of those who were bond fide member of her communion. If they looked at the Church in America, which had stood a considerable test, they would find, what unhappily they could not in the Australian colonies viz members of the Church knowing why they were members. In America members took an interest in the affairs of the Church, because all their resources and energies were within themselves. He had much pleasure in supporting a motion for testing a system which had, he believed, worked successfully in New Zealand and in Tasmania. He understood that the Bishop of Tasmania had been recently in a position to announce that every one of his energy had been paid during the last twelve months. If the system succeeded so well in the neighboring dioceses, he thought they ought to try it here. Chief Justice COCKLE said that the opinions he entertained with regard to the Church in Australia were similar to those expressed by Mr. Justice Lutwyche. He would regret taking any step which might tend to creating a connection between the Church and State out here. The motion was then put and carried unanimously. The Bishop said, he supposed the next business would be to consider the propriety of appointing a committee of the Conference, or for the Conference itself to consider" what, how, when, and under what circumstance the Synod should be called together. They might also prepare a constitution and standing orders, which the Synod could either adopt or reject. After a long discussion, Mr. J. DOUGLAS moved, "That the Right Rev. President of this Conference be requested to convene a meeting of the Synod of this the case in the months of April or May next." The Rev. E. G. MODKULY seconded the resolution, which was put and carried. Mr. G. CLARKE moved, That the basis of representation to that adopted by the Right Rev. the Bishop in conveying this Conference." Mr. R. RAMSAY seconded the resolution. " Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE said he must oppose the motion. As far as he could recollect, the basis of representation in the last election was considered somewhat arbitrary, for he apprehended the Bishop had not the statistics of the different districts before him, and could not therefore proportion the number of delegates. He considered they should adopt a basis of representation which would give the larger districts of greater number of lay delegates than the smaller ones. Some districts would be entitled relatively to that in which he resided, to at least three representatives. He would suggest that every district should return one day delegate that where the number of enrolled adult members exceeded thirty, there should be an additional lay delegate, and that for every additional thirty members, another delegate. But in no case should the number of delegates returned for one parish exceed three He believed such a basis was adopted in Victoria. After a long and desultory conversation, Mr. G. OLABKC moved, That the basis of representation to that adopted by the right reverend the Bishop in conveying this Conference, viz., Ohuroh- momborship, giving one member to each parish, two members where the enrolled members of the congregation number thirty, and three members where the enrolled members of the congregation number one hundred members or more ; but in no case any one parish to return more than three members." Mr. R. RAMSAY seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. J. R. MOFFATT proposed,-" That a roll be prepared, and that instructions be issued to the clergyman and churchwardens of the various districts to have this roll signed by the adult lay members of the Church in each place, and be ready for presentation at the next general meeting of the Synod, and that the declaration of Church membership be added to this roll." He said he thought the resolution, if carried, would give satisfaction in the working, as it would enable them to know the members composing the various congregations, and this could not be ascertained in any other manner as they could not rely upon the census, the numbers having increased and changed so materially since that was taken, neither could they depend upon the returns of the Registrar-General. Mr. DUDGEON seconded the motion. Mr. SPARROW would support the resolution, if. you addition was made to the effect that the roll should be prepared immediately, and sent out 80 that it might be known throughout the districts, and afterwards collected and transmitted to the Bishop a month before the meeting of the Synod. He was not much in favor of voting by ballot, but he know that in the district of Ipswich there were a large number of persons who could not take part in the election of the members of the Conference and great dissatisfaction was felt and expressed in consequence. If it would meet the views of the Conference, he would therefore suggest that voting papers should be prepared, and the churchwardens should enclose them to such members as signed the roll, and that those papers might be returned on the election day, and counted as votes at the election, if the per sons to whom they were forwarded could not make it convenient to attend. The BISHOP suggested that the papers might be justified by the clergyman of the parish or district, or justice of the peace. Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE thought that the motion, as worded, would give rise to great practical inconvenience, and, indeed, innumerable results might follow, if the rolls were to be transmitted to the Synod. There would be great danger of losing some of them, as they would, in many instances, have to be Bent great distances and as these would be the originals, there would be no means of replacing them. He therefore suggested that the words " copies of the rolls" be substituted. The Rev. R. MOFFATT agreed to the suggested alteration. Mr. FAiBOLOrn suggested that the words " certified by the clergyman and churchwardens of the parish or district" should be added. This was also agreed to by the proposer. The" Ven. ARCHDEACON GLENNIE thought it would be a long time before members of the Church on the different stations would be able to take a very active part in the management of the Church, and he did not think it desirable for this suggestion of Mr. Moseley's to be carried out. At the same time he had a strong sympathy for the country members of the Church as he had for those of the town. After some further discussion, Mr. Moffatt's resolution was amended as follows :-" That roll be prepared, and instructions be issued, to the clergyman and churchwardens in each district to have this roll signed by the adult members of the Church in those places, and that copies of such rolls, certified by the clergyman and churchwardens be ready for presentation at the first general meeting of the Synod and that a declaration of church membership be added in the following terms SI, A. B., do hereby declare that I am a bona-fide member of the Church of England and Ireland and of no other communion. Mr. MOSELEY thought it necessary that the question of the election of delegates to the Synod should be settled. They had been mixing up two resolutions, one referring merely to a census of the members of the Church, the other to the election of delegates to the Synod. Mr. MATHEWS said he thought their book would bear respectable comparison with any other in the colony, and the whole of the names were signed either in his presence, or that of his churchwardens, the names being mostly obtained on the Sundays either before or immediately after Divine service. Colonel O'CONNELL thought it might very well be left to the clergyman and churchwardens to make up the rolls, and he did not see why every signature should be attested. Mr. BLAKENEY then moved; That the clergyman in every parish or district, or in his absence, a deputy appointed by him, shall be ex officio chairman and Returning-Officer, and shall, as such, have power to fix the date upon which the meeting for election of delegates shall take place; and, at the conclusion of such election, shall make a return of the names of the delegates elected to the pre- siding office of the Synod." The resolution was seconded by Mr. DUDGEON and carried unanimously. The Rev. J. BLISS then rose, and stated that he regretted missing from the assembly two clergymen, and he would therefore move the following resolution That the Rev. Messrs. Croker and Sutton be invited to attend the meeting of the Synod." The Bishop remarked that he had a great regard for these gentlemen, but had not invited them because they had not any cure of souls. A rather serious question was involved in the resolution. After some conversation, Mr. BLISS withdrew his resolution, stating that it would be better for the Synod to decide the matter thomsolTCs. Mr. DOUGLAS moved : " That a committee of this Conference be appointed to enquire into and report upon a constitution for the Church in this diocese, and that they be requested to lay the same before the Synod presently to be held in Brisbane, and that they be a standing committee to assist the president in making arrangements for convening the Synod." The passing of such a resolution would not, he observed, confer any special legislative powers upon such a committee, but would simply our power them to take upon themselves the enquiry into many matters which the clergy had not sufficient time to enquire into. It was, therefore, desirable that the gentlemen on the committee should be such as had time to devote to the subject, and that they should reside in Brisbane. It occurred to him, in reading the resolution, that it was possibly worded in on indefinite manner, but, such as it was, he would submit it. The United Church of England and Ireland, if it did exist legislatively in this colony, would not so exist much longer. Ro cent decisions in the law courts at home, with regard to the position of the Church in the colonies, and amongst others that of Lord Romilly, the Master of the Rolls, were of an important nature, but were at the same time, very conflicting. It came to be a question whether they, m QuoouBlond, were not now laying the foundation, not of snow Church, but of a branch of the mother Church in the dio dioceses, of Newcastle and New Zealand. The churches were, in fact, describes " branches." He had thought it advisable at first to insert the words Episcopal Church in his resolution, but it was perhaps not desirable that that question should be raised now. It was one of the questions which could very well be made a matter of consideration by such a committee as that proposed in the resolution. Colonel O'CONNELL rose to a point of order. He did not think it possible for a committee appointed by the Conference, to report to the Synod for its guidance. Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE thought that the future Synod could hardly claim to have no knowledge of the Conference ; and, as to the matter of form, the information might be collected by the committee, drawn up in the shape of a report, and presented as a petition. After some further conversation, Colonel O'CONNELL withdrew the question he had raised as to a point of order. Mr. CLARKE financed the resolution. Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE said, that he rose for tho purpose of referring to some observations which had fallen from Mr. Douglas with reference to certain legal judgments which had been delivered at home. He would not then give his opinion on the points on which the judgments referred to had been delivered, as he might be called on to do so in another place. But he would like to remind Mr. Douglas and others that, if there was any inconsistency in the last judgment of the Master of the Rolls, it would not affect the Supreme Court here in Queensland in the least, The Privy Court was the Court of Appeal, and the only Court in the world superior to the Supreme Court of Queensland. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Mr. DOUGLAS thou moved, That such committee consist of the Right Rev. the Bishop of the Diocese, the Venerable the Archdeacon, the Rev. J. Bliss, His Honor Chief Justice Cockle, Mr. Justice Lutwyche, and the mover." The resolution was seconded, and carried unanimously. The Rev. J. MOSELEY moved the following resolution, That, on the day of election, if at the meeting the names of more persons are proposed than representatives to be returned, the election shall take place by ballot." The Rev. Mr. MOBERLY moved, as an amendment, that the words " show of hands be substituted for " ballot." The amondodroBolution was put and carried by a large majority. Mr. DOUGLAS moved,-" That, in the event of a poll being demanded, the voting shall be by ballot." Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE moved, as an amend- mont,-" That the words " by ballot " be struck out, and that the words " by open voting " be substituted. The amended resolution was put and carried. Mr. BLAKENEY moved,-" That, in case the Returning-Officer shall consider it is necessary to have more than one polling place in his district, he shall give notice of the places where such poll shall be taken, and shall appoint, by writing under his hand, a deputy to preside at each polling place in his district." The motion was seconded, and carried. The Conference then adjourned. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. The Conference met again this afternoon, at 2 p.m., at St. John's School- room,- Queen street. The attendance of lay-roprosontu tivoB was not so large as on previous days. The Bishop presided. After the minutes of the previous meeting had been road and corrected, they were confirmed. The Rev. J. Matthews drew attention to the fact that, although the Conference had decided upon the qualifications of electors, not one word had been said as to the stipulation of residence and that, as the matter then stood, any member of the Church of England might vote anywhere. He thought it would be necessary that electors should only vote in those districts in which they ordinarily resided. It had not been stated, either, whether the chairman at a meeting for the election of delegates had the power of giving a casting vote, if necessary. The Bishop explained that it was customary, and it was the parliamentary practice that a chairman should have that powered. Matthews continued that he did not consider the qualifications of delegates sufficiently defined and he would, therefore, move,-" That persons elected to be representatives should be required, upon taking their seats in the Synod, to make the following declaration I, A. B., do hereby solemnly declare that I am bona-fide a communicant member of the United Church of England and Ireland, resident in the diocese of Brisbane, and of no other communion." The Rev. J. Bliss seconded the motion. Several members of the Conference were of opinion that it was unnecessary to use the words, " bona-fide communi- cant," as, if a person declared he was of com- municate the Church of England, he was supposed to be a bona-fide communicant. After a long discussion, the motion was adopted. The Rev. Mr. Thackeray next called attention to the fact that, according to resolutions already passed, any adult member the Church of England, male or female, was entitled to vote for the election of the delegates. Colonel O'connell moved,-" That whenever the word " adult" is used in the resolutions of this Conference, it shall be taken to mean an adult male member of the Church, of twenty-one years \- and upwards. The resolution was seconded, and carried unanimously. The Rev. Mr. MATHEWS then moved, "That, until the Synod had organised the districts in the diocese, the electors should only record their votes in the district in which their names were enrolled, and in which they resided." The resolution was seconded by Mr. Justice LuTWYchE, and earned. Mr. J.DOUGLASmovod, "That the Secretary be requested to draw up a report of the proceedings of this Conference, and that such report be printed and circulated." Votes of thanks were then moved to the Bishop for his opening address, and to Mr. Bliss for undertaking the duties of secretary. These were responded to and, on the motion of Mr. W. BLAKENEY, the Conference adjourned until 4 o'clock in the afternoon of Wednesday, April 29 1868. MISCELLANEOUS. THE REV. J. H. FLETCHER, President of the Newington College, New South Wales, delivered two very excellent sermons in the Wesleyan Church, Albert-street, on Sunday, Sept. 15. On each occasion there was a large congregation. A VERY interesting lecture was delivered in the Wesleyan Chapel, South Brisbane, on the evening of Sept. 16, by the Rev. J. H. Fletcher, of New South Wales Notwithstand the threaten- ing aspect of the sky in the early part of the oven in, a considerable number of persons were present. Mr. William Brookes occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer had chosen for his thorne " Chorootor," OF illustrated by the " Vapour and the Rock." What, he observed, was BO evanescent as the vapour, and what so substantial as the rock ? Spiritualism in man was what was called " rock ;" the soul would endure for ever. The lecturer described at some length the nature of the law and of the progress of the development of character. Opportunity drew out the character of men, he held, and quoted interesting examples of the truth of this theory. The tendency of character was to perpetuity ; up to a certain time it was duties ; after that it became immobile. Perpetuity was described as " habit." He touched upon the" danger of bad, and the safety of good habits and dwelt at considerable length upon the unspeakable importance of paying attention to the formation of character. The vapour and the rook wore different and extreme types of character. There was the men of vapour, vacillating, work, under sided, and unstable and on the other hand there was the man of rock, firm and uncompromising. The former should submit to) condensation, and the latter should cultivate the acquaintance of the Softer natures around him, and learn the difference between persevering " I will," and obstinate " I won't." At the conclusion of the lecture, a cordial vote of thanks was accorded to the rev. gentleman, on the motion of Mr. lode. After the usual recogni- tion had been given to the chairman, the meeting terminated in the customary manner. THE annual soiree in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church, Adelaide- street, was held on the evening of Sept. 19. A large number of persons sat down to tea. After tea a meeting was held, and addresses were delivered by the Revs. P. J. Buckle, R. Hartley, J. Kingsford, J. Word, D. Mossop, R. McGavin, and also by several members of the congregation. Mr. T. P. Pugh, M.L.A., presided. THE annual tea meeting in celebration of the anniversary of the Wharf-street Baptist Chapel], was held on Sept. 12. There was a very numerous attendance, upwards of two hundred and fifty persons sitting down to ten. After the tables had been removed, a public meeting was held, and interesting addresses were delivered by several of the clergy of various denominations. In the course of a few introductory remarks, the Rev. Mr. Wilson remarked that the debt which had been incurred in erecting the chapel was now entirely liquidated. He also alluded to the blessings which had been so plentifully showered upon him and his family during his nine years' ministration in Brisbane. Mr. Gray and the Revs. Messrs, Griffith, McGavin, Piddington, and Ogg, addressed the meeting, and congratulated the pastor of the church upon the success that had attended his efforts in this city, and expressed a hope that his future career would be as prosperous as his past. PRESBYTERY OF ToowooJHiA.-A full meeting of the Presbytery of Toowoomba was held in St. Stephen's Church, on Wednesday, the 4th instant, at which, after the Court was constituted by the reading of the Scriptures and prayer, the following business was transacted A minute of the meeting of Synod in July last, relative to an overture of the Presbytery about making the Rev. D. M. Sinclair a member of the Pres- bytery, was read, and the prayer of the over time being granted, D. M. Sinclair's name was added to the roll of the Presbytery. A minute of the Synod at same meeting, about the Warwick Congregation, was also read, and intima- tion was made by the Rev. Dr. Nelson that the congregation had been invited to join the Church; whereupon, a minute of a meeting of the Warwick Congregation, under the pastorate of the Rev. Colin M'Culloch, was handed to the Moderator of Presbytery, intimating the willingness and desire of the congregation to connect itself with the Church. The Presbytery received the same, and admitted and declared the Warwick Congregation a congregation of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland, within the bounds of this Presbytery and subject to its superintendence The Rev. Colin M'Culloch thereupon signed the formula of the Church, and having received the right hand of fellowship from the brethren present, took his seat in the court, and his name was added to the roll of the Presbytery. A commission and certificate from the Kirk Session of the Warwick congregation in favor of Mr. James McKeachie, older, were roudnndBUS^ainod; Mr. M'Keachie's name was added to the roll of Presbytery, and he took his seat in Court. The two collections appointed by the Synod were ordered to be made in all the congregations within the bounds of the Presbytery of the days named by the Synod namely, for the Home Mission and Church Extension Committee's Fund on" the first Sabbath in November next, and for the Foreign MESSAGE Committee's Fund on the first Sabbath in March, 1868. The following overture was adopted, and ordered to be transmitted by the Moderator for consideration at the next meeting of Synod: - "That whereas the spiritual wants of the colony are so great, and the supply of ministers from the home and other Presbyterian churches am inadequate that whereas several ministers of this Church occasionally meet with young men of decided piety who have received a university or a play sical education, and who have expressed a desire to make themselves useful in the service of the Church and that whereas no arrangements exist for the trial of the gifts, and for the train- ing of such persons for the work of the ministry, it is humbly overtures to the rev. the Synod of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland to take this subject into its serious consideration, and to adopt such means as may be necessary to remedy the defect." (Signed,) GEORGE GBIMK, Moderator. The Presbytery then elected the Rev. Colin M'Culloch to be" its Moderator for the next twelve months, and the meeting was closed with prayer. The Venerable Archdeacon Glennie has re- moved from the people of Warwick a special mark of esteem, creditable alike to him and to them. All who know the reverend gentleman will fully endorse the sentiments expressed in the following paragraph which is made up from both the Warwick journal:s A deputation, consisting of 0. Clark, Allan McGregor Simpson, and C F. Cumming, Esqrs., waited on the Ven. Archdeacon Glennie for the purpose of acquainting him that a number of his friends wished to present him with a suite of drawing-room furniture, of the value of 120, on the occasion of his entering his new parson- age, and to request his acceptance of it as a token of their esteem and regard. After a consultation itwasdecidedthat Mr.and Mrs. Clark and Mr. and Mrs. F. J. C. Wildash be deputed to select the furniture in Brisbane or Sydney. We understand as soon as the furniture arrives, a suitable address will be presented to the Ven. Archdeacon at a public meeting convened for the occasion. The inhabitants of Warwick could not in a more marked manner testify their warm feelings of respect and esteem for the reverend gentleman who has for so many years labored among them than by adding to the comforts of his now home. Mr. Glennie has, for a period of more than twenty years, labored constantly in this part of the colony, frequently undertaking long journeys on foot in all wea-, thors, in the faithful performance of his mission. During this long time he has so acted as to gain for himself the esteem and goodwill of all classes and of every creed. We are sure that we are expressing the feelings of the inhabitants of this district when we hope that the reverend gentleman may be long spared to fill the duties of the office which he has adorned for such a lengthened period." Ordination and confirmation services were held by Bishop Tufnell at St. Paul's Church on Sept. 15-the first in the morning, when Henry Jephson Campbell, of Kangaroo Point, was admitted to deacon's orders and the second in the afternoon, on which occasion the church was crowded to excess, and many were unable to gain admission. Forty-eight young persons, twenty-eight of whom, were girls, habited in the usual manner, renewed in their own persons the vows made for them at their baptism, and were admitted by the Bishop to all the privileges of Church membership. 