TO PASQUIN: FROM BIS FBIEND ILLUSTBATED. Faiquin—Abdallah, what art thou T—I am a Dervish, and travelletb about teaching mankind in parables, as the sages of old. From what plaoe comest thon ?—From the City of El Goyder, in the Valley of Gehennah. Dost thon like the place?—There ii nothing in it to like—no trade, no shops, so money; the men are asses, and the sheiks, cadis, pnndits, bashaws, pashaws, moonshees, scribes, and lawyers, a whole set of fools and rogneB, that knowetb not their right hand from their left. Are there no good people there?—Yes, Benbakker, thon son of a cow; bnt few their number. They are all dead—dying or going away; they were as beautiful as the palm; their breath was that of attah of roses; their face shone with the fat of mutton; their mouths were wide with words of kindness; they were the delight of the world, and the favored of Leaven. Such were the squatters. Is there any grass in that country?—Not a blade—all is dead. The Ministry—sons of Ham!—pnt a tax on every sprig of grass that grew. The Moonshee Wheelbarrow wrote in the Weekly Chronicles of the Sayings of the Kings, that thiB was good. The man frith two legs, no ryes, no soul—£1 Valuator of Runswent about and counted every leaf of grais, and the council of the fathers and the Wheelbarrow, the pundits, the orators, the growers of grain, the cloth sellers, the tax gatherers, the publicans, and sinners, all cried out for the space of two years, so that their voioes were heard from the north to the south—" Great is Goyder, the man of the people! Great is Goyder, for he bateth the sqatters!!" And the angels—the squatters—gave up the ghost. Bismillah, the tears of affliction ran down from mine eyes. 0, Abdallah, such sorrows never were since the days of Gomorrah. DoeB the City £1 Goyder still stand ?—Yea. And the Moonshee Wheelbarrow, still write in the Chronicles of the Week ?—Yei; but lies. And the £1 Valuator of Buns, does he still live ?—Yes; but may he have the burial of an ass. Are there ships in their ports?—Yes; but they are rotten, and go away empty. Are there stores and shops?—Yes; but they are all insolvent. Any water there?—Only salt. Any mutton or beef ?—Only dead horses. Any wheat?—Only aaardo seed. Any fruit?—'Only the apples of Sodom. Any righteons men?—Yes; squatters. Any honorable men ?—Yes; squatters. Any honest men?--Only squatters. Any liberal men ?—Only squatters. Any holy men ?—Only squatters. 0, Abdallah, thy words are edifying. How wonldst tbou reform these things ? Speak, thon •on of wisdom. 0, Benbakker,thon calf, I will tell thee. I would hang El Valuator of Buns 1,000 feet above the earth, throw the Land Office 1,000 fathoms beneath the sea, put an iceberg upon the Moonshee Wheelbarrow, crncify on ten thousand crosses, stuck up from the head of Gulf St. Vincent to Cape JerviB, the land jobbers, the speculators, the auctioneers, the bankers, and all other nnclean animals; break the jaw bones of all the law makers, then make the venerable El Boothbee king, who should, forthwith, strangle Toirens's Act, choke all the M.P.'s, bury at each corner of a new palace of justice all the Attorney- Generals, and commit to jail for all eternity the Corporation roller; make El Goyder a head station, turn the land into sheep runs, and thus revert an to the days of bliss before the flood. Thy words are wise—they set my teeth on edge. Son of enlightenment, return, I pray thee, to El Goyder, and write these things all the days of thy life; for think how many fools there are in that city of stupidity. So Abdallah rose up, took his calabash and his water melon and departed, and went through the streets—and cried out with a loud voice, and printed a book eveiy week, which said, day unto day " Repent, and become all squatters, or the devil will take you in nine days !" Then they made Abdallah a cadi, and be rode upon a white horse, and gave judgment in the city, and his were righteouB judgments; and the holy men, the squatters, went with him; and they brought the Ras El Blithe to him, and Abdallah Baid—" Take him, and boil him down for his fatand to the other members of the Ministry he said—" Flay them alive, for tbey are the corrupters of political morals." Then they brought him the Moonshee Wheelbarrow, and the Moonshee trembled, so that his knees smote each other, as the dry boneB in the prophet's vision. "O, Hadji Abdallah," said the Wheelbarrow, " thy words are the arrows of conviction. I repent, and will become thy most bumble slave." " Boil him down! boil him down!" shouted the holy men, the squatters. But Abdallah said, " He has nofat." " Go," said Abdullah," thy life I spare; but thou shalt henceforth be a shepherd; all the days of thy life shslt thou walk behind .the tails of sheep; thou «halt have rams, and ewes, and lambs for thy friends and companions ; thou rhalt sleep at night with 5,000 sheep on thy right hand, and 5,000 aheep on thy left; thou shalt speak no other language bnt the language of Bheep;. and shalt bah all thy days; and thou shalt once every week preach a sermon to the sheep, and thy text shall be 'Mutton.'" And all the holy men, the squatters, clapped their hands with joy. Then they brought El Valuator of Buns unto him. "O, arch enemy of mine—thou vile son of a crooked theodolite! this is thy punishment— thou shalt bail out Gulf ft. Vincent with a thimble, until thou find out the Moonta surveys, which thon marked on thy lying maps." And they brought the land, jobbers to him, and Abdallah frowned as black as midnight, and the jobbers were very white, and all their brass seemed departed from their faces. " O. locusts, I have but one word for thee—thine heads shall be cut off, and thy carcases thrown to the dogs. " So their heads were cut off, and stuck upon all the telegraph poles in the country. And they brought unto him the Moonshee Register, and hesaid—" 0, Moonshee, what hast thon been writing all the days of thy life ?"— " Thy slave hast written much on both sides, and always advised that there was much to be said on both sides." " Take this double- faced man," cried Abdallah, " give him 150 strokes with the bamboo on the soles of his feet In future, 0, Register write on one side." And El Goyder, that is Adelaide, grew and mnltiplied; and they bound up the leaves of the Book of Abdallah, that he printed every week, and made it a Bible; and there were mosques built, wherein his wise sayings were expounded, for no one could understand them without help; and Abdallah lived longer than Methuselah, and became a greater saint than all the saints that were ever born of woman ; and was taken up to the seventh heaven on the flying ass that carried Mahomet, El Barak. And these things are as true as the writings of Pasquin, the sour cobbler of Italy 