THE GHOST STORY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— I wish to correct a statement which appeared in your issue of the 17th instant, con cerning a knocking at tbe doors of my house. I for one, have never believed ia ghost stories, but I will give you a true account of what I, with my family, witnessed and heard. On Saturday evening, June b, at C o'clock, there came a rap at the front door, but ou going to the door nobody was there. It came again afterwards at the back door — a rap, rap, rap, but no one was to be seen. It then came to tbe front and passage windows. I then determined to try and catch the boj s, who I thought wero causing the disturbance, and got my family to remain at the bottom of the passage while I searched every hiding-place. During my search the knocking continued at the back door, but I could see nobody. This rapping continued until nail-past IU o'clock. It was so loud that it was heard across the road, and by 10 o'clock my house and the next one was surrounded by my neighbors and family, but nobody was to be seen as the cause of the mischief. We heard no more after half-past 10 o'clock till Sunday morning as we were going to have breakfast. At half-past 7 o'clock, there came two gentle raps at the front door, answered the door, but could see no ona Directly afterwards it came rap, rap, rap at the back door. This was beard by my neighbors, who ran out to see if it was my door. We then searched the roof and every part of the premises, but nobody was to be seen, and whilst we stood talking at the back the rapping continued at the front door. My little boy said the door half opened in his hand, and there were three heavy raps before our eyes. My next-door neighbor stood under the verandah watohingthe outside of my door, and he saw the door shake with tbe knocks. The back door was beaten severely, and I said — 'Open the door and see if it will be .better;' but the rapping still continued, and about 10 o'clock it came to the inner doors, and remained inside the house all day. There are six inner doors, and each one had three heavy raps. At 1 o'clock the knocking was very severe, and I had eight adult witnesses in the house who saw the doors shake with the rapping. This continued until half -past 4 o'clock. On Monday, the 10th, it returned again about 8 o'clock, and at half-past 10 o'clock a man who had been lodging with me was in the house, and the rapping was so loud that he ran out quite frightened, and was ill next day in consequence. ? . I .know not what is the meaning of all this, but I have given you a full and clear account of what occurred, and I only hope we shall not be troubled with it again. As to my child, whio died on the following Tuesday night, I am not going to suppose that {the knocking had any thing to do with my child's death. I may also mention that a friend of mine, who considered the whole affair complete hum bug, was in my house on Monday, and when the rapping commenced on the partition he started, and enquired if that was the noise. On being told that it was.lhe rushed out of the house vowing that he would not live a day in it, and was ill all night from the fright. lam, Sir, &c;, PHILIP HOWELL. Adelaide, June 17. 