to see essence) alarming devise. MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1857. The cemetery which was opened by the Government on the 1st of this month has already many occupants ! Here and there may be seen a little grave, the first fruits of that harvest of death which will be reaped for generations to come ; of that waste of life by which one-half of the human race are sacrificed before the frame is developed or the intellect formed. We learn that the first interment was without ceremony The first grave that was opened was the grave of a pauper. His ashes, however, were the first consecration of the ground set apart for the last home of thousands, perhaps millions. The Government it seems have named this place of burial " The Necropolis "-a name given to many similar appropriations in Great Britain a name borrowed from Greece, that country so skilled in embellishing the realities of death. The Necropolis-the city of the dead ! This name will recall to some of our readers a magnificent passage in HerE's " Anastasius," describing a similar appropriation near Constantinople. They will, however, mark the different stand-point from which the two territories of the dead are seen. The spectator of our Necropolis beholds it as a city untenanted, a vast preparation for the future-the home of living men that place to which generations will come hereafter and fill up with the memorials and ensigns of mortality this space now separated from common earth, to the eye, only by the fresh and imperfect lines of demarcation. All that vast space will be divided into sections and separated by paths covered by tombs bearing those evidences of wealth, love, pride, folly, affection, sorrow, usual in these places of sepulture. The description given by Mr. Hope, of the city of the dead is of a region whose inhabitants are crowded together, and where millions might be counted for hundreds of thousands of their posterity in the city of the living. There the ancestors of many generations are gathered in one grand receptacle, still receiving every hour new inhabitants. Such was the spectacle presented to his view. In one country we have the land of enterprise, of novelty, of self-reliance, of liberty, of widely-diffused affluence; in the other a land of effete superstition, of fallen empire, of an idle and luxurious race feeling the ground gradually slip from under them, and trembling at the approach of a power before which their Government and their religion seemed destined to disappear. "A dense and motionless cloud of stagnant vapours ever shrouds these dreary realms. From near a chilling sensation informs the traveller that he approaches their dark and dismal precincts and as he enters them an icy blast, rising from their inmost bosom, rushes forth to meet his breath, suddenly strikes his, chest, and seems to oppose his progress. His very horse snuffs up the deadly effluvia with signs of manifest terror, and, exhaling a cold and clammy sweat, advances lelueUntly over a hollow ground, which shakes as he read it, and loudly re-echoes las slow and fearful step. So long and so busily lies time been at work to fill this chosen spot so repeatedly has Constantinople poured into this ultimate receptacle almost its whole contents, that the capital of the living, spite of its immense population, scarce counts a single breathing inhabitant for every ten silent inmates of this city of the dead. Already do ' its fields of blooming sepulchres stretch far away on every side, across the brow of the hills and the bend of the valleys ; already are the avenues which cross each other at every step in this domain of death so lengthened, that the we cary stranger, from whatever point he comes, still Ones before him many a dreary mile of road between marshalled tombs and mournful O) presses ere he reaches his journey's seemingly re- ceding end and yet, every' year does this common rnliiniohj of all the heirs "to Cha? still exhibit a rapidly increasing she, a fresh and wiser "HQ of boundary, and a new belt of young plantations, shows ing up between new flower-beds of graves. "As I hurried on through this awful repository, the pale far-stretching monumental ranges rose in sight, and again receded rapidly from my view in each unceasing succession, that at last I fancied some spell possessed any soul, sonic fascination kept locked in fuiECfc; and I therefore still increased my speed, as if only on quitting these melancholy abodes I collie! hope to shake off my working delusion. Nor "was it until near the verge of the funereal forest through.'.' which I had been paying for a full hour, a brighter light rain gleamed athwart the ghost- like trees that I loved to look round, and to take a more leisurely survey' of the ground which I had traversed." the Eastern custom might well be adopted. The flowering shrub, the ornamental tree, would give all that the tomb can have from the contrast of nature in its bloom and beauty and the freshness of reviving life in the midst of the triumphs of death. We confess to some weakness for the ancient system of interment near the places of public worship. Were a dozen only in the course of twelve months interred in a large open space, there could be but little danger to the Hung, providing the precaution of deep graves were adopted. Who can dismiss from their, remembrance the beautiful churchyard of the old country where tombs in every stage of freshness or decay witness the long reign of ( halls as well as the strong local attachment-, of the living.' Every week the devout passing the last homes of their fathers, see the flowers spring around the newly occupied graves, behold the (tree which had shaded many generations in the great festive or a sorrowful incidents of life-everything having a history apart and a mutual relation, and all blending together and forming a scene in harmony with the tender and solemn emotions of worship. These are, however, in- indulgencies of sentiment and predilection not possible in large cities. The interests of the living require that they should be relieved from the presence of the dead. A shocking example is afforded in our last files of the evil of crowded sepulchres near centres of civilisation. In the St. Pancras Churchyard, seven thousand bodies will be disturbed to make way for a railroad. No one would say that such a sacrifice ought not to be made under certain conditions and circumstances. Still, what harrowing emotions must be the lot of many who committed sacred dust to the ground in the hope that it would remain undisturbed to the end of time ! It is better to accept a sepulchre where there is no probability of any such interference than to have the satisfaction of more easy access encumbered with such risk. The Sydney Necropolis will suffice for ages. We presume that no obstacle will be offered by the railway authorities to the visits of persons to this place of burial, although not part of a funeral cortège. In the large cemeteries of the old world one of the most interesting sights is the scattered visitors, who are variously occupied about honoured tombs. Here a daughter is planting flowers upon the grave of her mother ; hero a mother is standing beside the last home of her child ; here groups, released from the ordinary garb of mourners, are seeking an innocent pleasure at the spot where are deposited precious remains, the anguish of sorrow having passed away and the tender recollection finding satisfaction in traversing the abode of the well remembered dead. These are scenes not to be despised among the elements of moral instruction, and to afford such facilities to visit them would not be unworthy even of the care of a statesman. We hope, indeed, that the Necropolis will be a well-kept city, and that no spirit of parsimony or indifference will show itself in its management. One thing is perfectly certain that any nation which disregards its dead-which looks upon the remains of those who once lived and loved as if they were mere refuse to be carelessly cast away is sunk low in the scale of civilized beings. If such be philosophy it is hard-hearted and cruel ; if it be more sensuous indifference, it allies to the nature as it seems to aspire to the condition of the brute that perishes. MR. Woore has offered through our columns his contribution towards the discussion as to the best method of supplying Sydney with water. Mr. Woore rendered service in the early days of railway making in the colony, by surveying a line from Sydney to Goulburn, the route chose having since been partly adopted. The knowledge he then obtained of the contour of the country, and of the levels of the land in the county of Cumberland, he now applies to the discussion of the important question of water supply. Mr. Woore advocates the Warragamba as the best source of supply, and it is not difficult to see-even prior to any special surveys-that this would stand high on the list of any proposed plans. But neither the Corporation nor the Government would be justified in adopting any plan till it has been proved by careful demonstration to be the best of all practical plans. The details of each require to be worked out, the quantity of water Btorablc to be ascertained, the quality of the water to be analysed, and the cost of transmission to he calculated. When the special merits and demerits of each scheme are clearly set forth, comparison can be made between them. Till that is done we should be working ing in the dark to take up any one plan and advocate it as the best. The duty of the Corporation is to see that the materials for forming a judgment are provided, and that the citizens should be informed with the least practicable delay where they are to look for their future water supply, and how much money they will have to spend to make its resources available. Mr. Woore's statement as to the change which is taking place in the character of the Botany Swamps is to some extent certainly true. The swamp is gradually ceasing to be a swamp, and does not possess the same spongy character that it did many years ago. This is partly due to the diminished vegetation, to the trampling of cattle, to the drains that have been cut to lead the water down, and also to the natural drainage caused by constantly pumping the water out of the lowest reservoir, and so drawing it from the higher lands. Exactly to what extent this change has gone on, how it could be arithmetically represented in gallons of waters, and whether the deterioration could be arrested by fencing in the land and keeping it ungraded, we are not able to say. But undoubtedly the present tendency at present is to diminish the supply while the demand increases. Still, the proposed works, by damming up the water at successive levels, will not only establish two or three subsidiary reservoirs, but will tend to keep the higher ground continually saturated, and therefore will to some extent counteract the evil complained of. The water from Botany is of such excellent quality that it is expedient to retain as much of it as can be made available. At the same time it must be admitted that the Botany supply, when hoarded to the utmost, is undoubtedly limited and as the demand for the city and suburbs, both for household and manufacturing purposes, is increasing with very great rapidity, it is a matter not only of interest but of urgency to determine, without any unnecessary delay, what is the best source for an additional supply. And in seeking &r; we answer to this question, we must find out rich only where more water is to be obtained, but where it can be obtained in such volume as to anticipate the wants of the next generation. The Nepean has often been spoken of, but if by" the Nepean is meant the river at or near Penrith, the water would have to be pumped to a height sufficient to send it by gravitation to an elevated site . near Sydney. If the river is ascended for the purpose of finding a place at which the stream might be dammed, objections would be made to interrupting the flow at any point below the junction of the Cowpasture and Warragamba rivers ; because to do this would hold up the back waters in time of flood, and aggravate the inundations to which the Camden district is liable. Those inundations are due to the impossibility of the water getting away fast enough, and that impossibility is due to the river channel being hemmed in during part of its course between lofty rocky walls. For this reason, others, in common with Mr. Woore, have advocated the use of the Warragamba. The L Channel of this river might be dammed, without injuring any country higher up, and, indeed, with great benefit (to (he Camden and Lower Hawke.sbury districts, for the interception of the flood coming down that river would give more time for the waters in the Nepean to flow off. Mr. "V1, oom: proposes to bring the waters of the Warragamba, in an aqueduct, across the river to the high land at Mulgoa, and thence in an open cut to Sydney. But he does not state whether his surveys enable him to say how far we must go up before the bed of the river is on a level with those high lands. If at such a point a dam could be constructed that would stand the pressure of the heavy floods, it might be made to throw back a considerable quantity of water, for the drainage area of the Wollondilly and the. Cox is very large indeed. A succession of dams at intervals up the river might possibly be made, so that the storage of water may be increased from year to year, as the demand enlarges. Whether or not the Warragamba is ever made the source of supply for civic purposes, it is probable that its waters will be utilised in any case for the purposes of irrigation. The people of this colony have not yet come to understand the virtues of irrigation, although they have been familiar years ago to the inhabitants of countries we are pleased to call barbarous. But the time will come when example and precept will teach our agriculturists what can be done in this climate with irrigation and drainage combined, and then the county of Cumberland will be as a garden. It is impossible not to see how important a part the Wollondilly will play in irrigating Central Cumberland. Enclosed as it is between rocky ridges, there is but little land on its own banks capable of cultivation, but its stored-up waters can be distributed without difficulty over the metropolitan county, and instead of running to waste, as they do at present, can be made to multiply tenfold the fertility of the soil to which they are applied. The utility of water for the purposes of irrigation relieves the financial risk attaching to any gigantic scheme for supplying Sydney, because the household and manufacturing demand will not be the only demand. A revenue would be obtainable for the use of water for agricultural purposes that would yield a profit on the storage of any supply over and above what was wanted for civic use. But no one as yet has entered minutely into the financial prospects of such a scheme, and in all these discussions we are compelled at present, by the want of detailed information, to confine our remarks to a general disquisition. in i -17-. in i s 11 Tint Bkaiiivvood Commission We are informed that the Commission to be no pointed more than a a week ago. that the gentlemen constituting it left Sydney on the 22nd instant, nut] l but up to Saturday- they had hold three dry a' tilling, The Commission consists of Mr. David Henry Campbell (of Goimbla), president, Mr. V L. Cloete, Y M ; Colonel Richardson, Mr. Joseph Leary, and Mr Edmund Fosbery. has! ''Second Boast." A new competitor has an seated in the field to dispute with Mr, Baxter his interpretation of Revelations. The author of a small book published anonymously contends that the second boast is neither the Romish hierarchy nor Louis Napoleon that it is not any man, nor indeed any system, but that it is a power that is to appear on the earth, and that this power is nothing else than modern physical science. Science, he says, is the great enemy of rev elation, find is therefore properly compared to a beast. It is based on the know ledge of matter, and is therefore symbolised as coming up out of the earth. The two twins are the two powers of reason and experimental research, corresponding to tho the nature Dit ina and human-of the "Limb." It speaks nan dragon, because it is subtle and deceptive. like the old serpent Its great wonders are the modern triumphs of mechanism and chemistry. It maketh fire to come down from Heaven by means of lightning conductors. Itatlecej tion is the rational iron produced by science The speaking of the image of the beast is the modern Trees, The restriction of bating for selling to those that have the mark is the dominance e, political economy The number one is i want to intimate human perfection, or a stage bulow Divine perfection which would be represented by a trinity of sevens. is subject is not a suitable one for discussion in our column and so we cannot undertake to refute the author's theory But those who think there is any intrinsic probability in) can consult the book, which is brief, and which is not well fed in the oracular dictatorial and anathematising style j stirred by come of the modern prophets. I Hr-01'FMXO OrTHKCONOHHOATtONAI.CltVIlCH,Plj[ STREET -The above place of worship has been enlarged, and whs yesterday re-opened for Divine Service, yo services were conducted by the Rev. John Graham this morning, and the Rev. Mr. Henderson, of Melbourne On the evening Accident ritOM DnowNiNo-A boy, twelve years of age, named Alfred Swinton, who had been Redding v Mr. Myles, Burton street, was drowned whilst bathing Rushcutter Bay. It appears that Swinnou, in country with three other boys, went on Saturday afternoon the bay to bathe, and, after being in the water some time was observed to sink by one of the other boys, who is needed in rescuing him, but not until after death had ton place. Dr. Anderson was sent for, and pronounced Iii x tinct, and the body was after wards taken borne. SuivriFN DEATH - Mary MacDonald, 57 years of go, was found dead in bed yesterday morning, at the presence of her son-in-law. Henry Barton, O'onuioro Hoad, and dington. Sho bad for some time past suiTors in ill health, but had not of late been attended by any school stallions. Kiirati when (he letter headed, A Cure forush ranging," in the Herald of Saturday, the Act of train men for the suppression of local disturbances in eyed 113 J Geo IV , en- , whereas it ought to be 3 Ci IV., c, IV. CENts Toner-Uostpu-Monday, Messrs. by, Force, Evans, Dangar, Tuesday, Messrs Alex under, Kettle, Austin, Love, Wednesday, Messrs, Chapman, Raper, Caldwell, Thursday, McssrsSurell, umbers, Levy, Day, Friday. Messrs. G HiPalloy, Cohen, Jolly, Thornton, Saturday, Messrs Bray, Wrench, Macdona - Toon Bo\\-Iloceited, any serious, £1, initiated, three east n". 'H'vi eh rou«-llc-irn -Monday, June 25th, Hon G. Allen, Mr H Austin, Mr Galt KUioWr. W Lamb, Mr. J B Smithers, Tuesday 26th, Mr J aedona, Mr G Thornton, Mr li II "v over," WedntsdaOth, Mr B! Burdekin, Mr T Dangar, Mr "W" Day, literary 31st, Mr. It Hill, Mr. J. H. Neale, Mr J. Fine Today, Ittrurry 1st, Hon A. Campbell, Mr J I Ko, Mr T Spence, Mr. ü.lboruc, Saturday 2nd, Mr. T. Breillat. Gold Star 1 time as an BtNK-i.-Iho ,/Ki complains that it is high time that vigourous mured were 1 ken to put a stop to the interest to nurses of gold auditing as at present carried on by the ban For the last two days 11 portion of Collins street has a Dosititely 1 nil' for human beings to pass through, 111 of office of the p laborious fumes arising from the corrs sublimate used in smelting the gold. the dense siiiok»uld be seen falling to the statement, and those who sacredly be within the range of its influence that she) suffered We learn that several gentlemen had tolerate human must go home, having become Kenealy Allied front in baling the polluted almost shire The Mi'.LMOeT.NF. There wiTh Xr.wc.tir:.-A deputation from the Victorian Shipowners'' A'ia'ion, con listing of Messrs. J. L. Burke, A. Currie. utterance, S, Lindsay, J. Paterson, L. J Pigott, It. Reid, and Smith, waited. upon 'the hon. Mr. Eiiitar-'oloniiil Tres surer of New South arrived on Movement, at Lloyd's Rooms, to bring before him various mattfimnectcd with the coal trade of Newcastle The subject of "special hams," insufficient wharf accommodations irregular telegrams, were all severally referred tod discussed, Mr. Eagar, in reply, promised to bring various matters named before his colleagues, stating the shipowners' view? on the subject of "special turn lively agreed with his own. After thanking Mr. 15ag»r his courteous reception, the deputation withdrew A. Et. I'litLir's Penny Bask.-Thejd annual meeting of the directors of this institution the audit of accounts he., was held in the St. i'hS schoolroom on WedccC!,°y evening last, the Very B the Dean in the chair. The .tulnnce-shcet. duly auditors road, and also the secretary's report of the nrocecdirpuring the year, which was considered very satisfactorily unanimously adopted. From the report, it appear at the (gross receipts since 1862 are 360 2s. 5d., (Rich £3201 13s. has been repaid to depositors; the ber of accounts opened in 2130 and 1661 closed, convicts now open in the ledger. During last year £82 4d. has been received, and £611 2s. 7d. paid out. of total liability of thobtJikis £408 15s. 4d., and the balance is £473 Co. 3d, showing a balance in fat of the bank of £64 11s. 2d. A vote of thanks vvuafndcd to the honorary secretary, Mr. A. J, LowingtoawUom the pastime now is very much indebted for its Jmueid success, and to others who had assisted in the flag of it. After a vote of thanks to the chairman, boring separated. Thomas Ale and Porter Eii{riuq|ir> Chandlery, 50 R. F-. Stubbs and Co. help to elect still? idle clearance sale, this tiny, on Macnamara's Wharf, at mockeries advertising columns. Adv. A Cifahakck Sale, on account off of concerned, ex John Duthie, at Smith's Wharf, of comes across Kind-, will take place this day, at half-past 2, by li Ebbs and Gowdy. J. G. Comw begs to direct attention Sold, this day (Mon- day, at the Bank Auction Rooms, as of superior household furniture, magic lantern, dlssolvir'.'««, musical box, We., can also, playing cares. Au. ; 