HE AND I. IFrom Once a Week. I " Candidly, do you believe in love at first sight, Amy?7' A young man asked the question, looking up from the novel he was reading. And a young girl, probably bis cousin, blushed as she replied, " She did not know." I forgot what else passed. They were fellow-travellers in a railway carriage. My friend, Mrs. Murray, who was taking me to her home, ealled my attention to some place of interest we were passing, and the young man re sumed his book. But the question recurred to me; and as I leaned back in my comer I tried to answer it for myself, and solve a little mystery that puzzled me. Three times had I met a gentleman, a handsome young man, tall, dark, and listless. We had never spoken, hut his notice of me had attracted my attention. At a ball be followed nie about, changing colour when our eyes met, but did not seek an introduction. At a con cert he had stared me almost out of counte nance, yet gravely, almost respectfully. At a picnic—the last time I had seen him—he was happy, laughing and talking, till he saw me, when his manner became constrained, and in a few minutes he left the party. There was a strange fascination in his large dark eyes, and I wondered *if I should ever meet him again. He must have had some reason for noticing me so strangely, for I was not pretty. No, no! It could not he love at first sight, could it? We arrived at the Meadows late in the evening. I\frs. Murray introduced me to her daughter Lydia, a lady some 15 years older than myself. Sho was the only child at home. Mr. John was married, and had the rectory, George, the eldest son, was travel ling abroad. Mrs. Murray and my mother had been school- friends, but had been separated for years, and so were comparative strangers till they met again in society, and Mrs. Murray asked me to spend two or three months with her in the country, to recruit my strength after the fatigue of a London season. The day after our arrival Lydia showed me over the house and grounds. Harold, Mr. John's eldest child, eight years old, caine with us. The conservatory door was locked. Miss Murray left us to fetch the key. Harold remained talking. " I shall have this horrid old place pulled down," he said, pulling at some ivy that clustered round the turret. He looked at me as though expecting an answer, then re sumed, " Pa says if he has it he sha'n't stay at the church. He shall pull this down; if he don't I shalL" " But this is your uncle's place," said I. "My uncle! He won't live long. My ma says Uncle George is a bad man—a wicked man. Don't you think he is a wicked man?" "No," said I, though I knew nothing of him. "Little boys"—I began impressively ; but his aunt returned, and conversation ended. "The place would be very different if poor George were here," said Lydia, sadly. " Does he never live here ? " I enquired. Miss Murray looked at me keenly. "Live here? No, never; he stays for a week or two sometimes." " Per haps some day he will marry and settle." "Never!" said Lydia, stooping to pick a flower. "Have you not heard about him?" "Heard what?" saidL "I shall not he a raven and tell you. You will learn soon enough." Harold was standing in the door way looking back at us. He had large brown eyes, and something in them made me fancy I had. seen him before, though I knew I had not, So there was a secret in the family— some mystery about the eldest son. Perhaps I was wrong, but I did wish to find it out; indeed I did. I had been at the Meadows nearlyamonthbefore an opportunity occurred. Then I paid a visit to the rectory, taking my work, that I might spend the day there. Mrs. Murray, I fancied, got tired of having to entertain me, and Lydia liked to have some time to herself. Mrs. John and I were friends, so could speak freely to each other. "Are you engaged?" said Mrs. Juhn. "No," said I, fancying she alluded to an opal and diamond ring I always wore. " Some girls are, so young. How old are you?" "Eighteen. Not so wry young." " No, not so very young, " said Airs. John meditatively. "1 was only 17 when I was engaged." '' That was very young to marry." " Oh, I was more than that when I married. Mamma could not hear the idea—a second son, you know. It was not a good match then; but I always said I would marry for love. Now tliey are pleased enough, for poor George is really nobody ; only he keeps John out of the place at present. Eventually Harold must have the estate. It is entailed." "But there is an elder brother?" said I. "To my husband? Yes; but since that affair of his he will never marry, and Jolm comes next. Sad affair, that. I always pity poor George." Mrs. John said this comfortably, in the same way one pities a tradesman for having to reduce the price of his goods, while rejoicing in the opportunity of buying them cheaply. " Is he very un happy ?" As I said this I hated myself for asking it. I know if 1 bad been right (as some would say, " commonly honest") I should have de clined to hear anything Lydia would not tell me. Like a good child I should have said, " Thank you, I must not listen. He would not like it;" but "inhere !" as a French friend of mine used to exclaim, I am one of Eve's true daughters, and the temptation was irresistible. I yielded to curiosity. "Well, yes," said Airs. John, "for the world is not charitable. Of course nx know the truth, and we don't really condemn him But he takes it to heart (perhaps to con science, and that is as bad), though it may he a shadow, after all—it may be." Airs. John emphasized the last three words, and her straight lips again made a cor responding line to the faint straight eyebrows that met over her nose, and disaiqjeared be hind the set curls arranged on either side of her face. " It is a pity he should mind a shadow—" I spoke awkwardly, conscious of trespass ing o i a forbidden subject. Airs. John looked up at me. " I thought all the world knew his history," she said; " quite romantic it is, and sad. You know lie was a surgeon. Before his father had this property left him by his brother, the boys were brought up to professions. My husband to the church, to take this livin". George chose to be a surgeon, so he became one, ami clever, too, I believe—very clever. Well, he had good expectations, so was in a good deal of society ; and in the course of his pratice met a young lady whom he liked ; in fact, fell in love with. I suppose she re turned the affection, for they were engaged (this was before I was married). Well, Aliss Chester, Golonel Chester's daughter, was rich, at least her father was rich. The estates were left by will in thjs way—if Colonel Chester died without boys, but leavino- a daughter might inherit; but if there was a son, all landed property was to go to the son, however young; and only some dower to be paid to Miss Chester. An unlucky kind of arrangement, wasn't it? Well, Colonel Chester had but this one daughter till he married again ; then he had one son. II t'flj that child was bom after George was engaged to Aliss Chester ; and when it was a year or perhaps eighteen months old, it became ill—some childish illness, and—the child dud. I echoed Airs. John's interjec tion, "Well?" "Well, don't you see? George had attended it. Was it not awkward ? (ieorge had never been a favourite with the Colonel, and he became suspicious, and had his prescriptions looked at, and the matter judged by other physicians; for Colonel Chaster is an old man, and just mad at losing | th a child. They said it was right enough, quite right—medical men always hang to gether, you know—but the child had not | died of any aeute disease; it had died of an over-dose of medicine. It was, of course, the chemist's fault, hut—you see how_it stands—awkward for poor George." "He ! could not help it," said L "My c My dear, he was there three tunes a day to see the child (and Miss Chester), and the child died ; the little child died. The world is not charita ble !' " Nor are you," thought I, hut I only said "And Miss Chester?" "Her father ] told George what he suspected of him. Ho, of course, gave her up on the spot. I don't know what became of her. George will never marry, impossible, but he wanders i about like a ghost, and I do pity liini. It | was a great temptation for a young man without means. He had not succeeded to the Meadows then, you know. It was a I great temptation." "A little child?" said I. Mrs John seemed suprised and half-alarmed ! at the distress I could not help feeling, so I probably betraying; in justification of her- ] self, she added, "it was very awkward for him—very—and people trill judge ; and my dear, the fact remains whether it was the J chemist or not," said Mrs. John, before taking up her baby from the sofa where it i had been sleeping. 44 The fact remains," j said Mrs. John, stroking baby's ruddy cheek and iat ann; 44 though babies live tlirough a great deal, this little child died !" Two shadows fell across the window. Mrs. Jolin had turned to take her baby to the nursery, and did not observe them till she was just leaving the room. Then, she said -—44 Talk of an angel, and you are sure to see its wings!" She stood in the doorway a moment, and nodded and smiled before closing the door and retiring. Her husband entered the room by the window that opened to the lawn. After him came another gen tleman. I looked up, and recognised the mysterious gentleman of the concert, the ball, and the picnic. " Ah ! Miss Christensen!" said Mr. John, " let me introduce you to my brother George. This young lady is at your house, George, with your mother." Mr. Murray bowed, and his colour changed as he watched me collect my work and materials, ami pre pared to leave the room. 44 Pray, don't let me frighten you away," he said. 441 shall he home soon." They were such common place woi ds, hut my face crimsoned, and I was glad when Mrs. John came in. She was smiling most affectionately, and apparently had forgotten the conversation that I would have given anything not to have shared. She noticed my confusion, but did not know I had met him before ; nor did she notice that his hand trembled when at parting it touched mine, hut it did. I knew now whose eyes I had recognised when I saw Harold. When I returmed home Mrs. Murray was expecting her son, for his man and luggage were there already. 44 It is just like liim," said Lydia; he comes and goes like Will o' the Wisp; perhaps you may induce him to stay a little longer this time." Again I blushed. 44 Did I offend you, dear?" said Lydia kindly, and she passed her arm around my shoulders, and we walked up and down the terrace together. 44 No," said I, 44 not in the least; if I influence Mr. Murray- at all, it will be to drive him away." Then I told her of our meetings, but of course I was careful in what I said. 44 He is very strange and moody at times, my dear; you must not notice liim." In the evening he came home, hut he was not strange or moody, and during the whole six weeks he stayed I found him rather the reverse—pleasant, kind, considerate. He was always waiting on his mother, going p.bout with Lydia, and rather avoiding me, still in a kind, gentlemanly way. So matters went on, till one evening I stood on the lawn with baby in my arms. It was a glorious sunset; the brothers returned from their walk, and came to my side. Mr. George Murray had a rosebud in his hand and held it to the child. The little thing laughed and talked at it in baby fashion, and stretched out her little hand to take it from him. Her hand touched his. He trembled, dropped the hud, and turned away. Mr. John was good-natured, and, I believe, sincerely fond of his brother; he took the child in his arms, smiled sympa thizingly at George, and ran into the house to his wife, who had been spending the whole day with us. Mr. George looked very handsome with the sunshine lurking in his soft glossy beard, the rest of his face in deep -shadow from the broad brim of the felt hat he wore pressed close to his brow. I was sorry for him, but I did not dare break the silence though it was awkward, and we were quite alone. We came hack to the house side by side; as we passed the drawing-room window we heard Mrs. John's cold voice say precisely - 44 Anyone would think they were lovers !" He looked keenly in my face. T am afraid a blush was there. He passed on to the library; and when I rose in the morning I heard that he was gone. Lydia was distressed and out of spirits. We wandered together over the house and grounds, and walked with Mrs. Murray to the rectory, where she always spent the first days of George's absence. When we returned, I went with Lydia to her brother's room to pat away the many pretty things she had arranged to wel come him when he came home. 44 He has not stayed so long for years," said Lydia, as she disconsolately collected the pipes tliat had been left scattered on the side-table. 4 41 can't think what sent him away so suddenly, poor fellow !" I did not speak; I dared not tell Mis. John's remark then. So I sat idly, looking from the window, and Lydia busied herself wit. the dressing-table. There were some papers there, left all together just as they had all been ready to take. Mr. George must have gone off in a hurry at last, and so have forgotten them. Lydia looked through them listlessly, saying, 44 Perhaps I must send them on." Suddenly her hand stopped turning the crisp leaves, and an exclamation hurst forth from her lips. I rose and looked over her shoulder. In her hand she held a small square paper, that might once have been a leaf in a sketch-book. On it a girl's head had been roughly drawn in pencil The hair waved off the temples, the eyes looked up anxiously, pleaiiingly. The lips were slightly apart. Round the throat a little ribbon was tied, and on the ribbon hung a locket. Beneath the drawing the letters " D- G." were written, and those two words 44 Kyrie Eleison." It was not an artist's sketch ; it was the drawing of a hand tliat loved. Lydia held up the sketch, and placed her finger on the looking-glass before us. The reflection was reproduced in the sketch. I turned away, for it was my own reflection that I saw, and I was sorry to have stumbled on another of his secrets. But my heart bounded, and a new life seemed to come to my soul. Lydia put her aim round me, and kissed me. '"My dear, a red rose ; mind, a full, rich crimson rose, from the second standard in the large conservatory, and your long white dress.' It was Lydia that spoke; she had come to bid me good-by for the afternoon. She was called from home, she said. I must excuse her, and try to amuse myself. A bright bloom was on her cheek, and she looked quite young again, though she was dressed soberly in black, with only a violet ribbon to relieve it. Those delicious hours of solitude, if soli tude it could be called. No, ni>; it was life ! new life ! a happiness too great to realize— luxurious; a holy future, in sweet uncer tainty and shadowy brightness. One figure, one face, in a thousand reflections, precluded the idea of solitude. I was accompanied by the future. The evening came so quickly. I must dress for Lydia's return. The rose was plucked. I was fastening it into mv hair when she came softly to my room. She had been erring, though evidently she tried to compose herself. 44 My dear," she said, drawing me down to the sofa at lier side ; 44 do you think we are responsible for the evil we uncon sciously bring on others?" 44 Certainly not, said I, my mind going to George and his mistake. She leant her head on mv shoulder, and a tear dropped on my hand as she whispered, 441 have done you a real wrong ; I have been Judas to you, and betrayed vou by a kiss!" ' I did not know myself or mv ve.'ikiu-ss ; actually I was ill. "Mrs. Murray and Mrs. ! John thought I had taken a cold. Lydia knew differently. She kept my secret and nurseil me kindly. When I was recovering 1 she told me it was Miss Chester's portrait I j had seen ; D. C. was not Dora Christenseu, ■ but Delicia Chester. It was my resemblance j to Miss Chester that had brought me so much notice from Mr. Murrav. I hated j myself for the mistake, and mv hatred only j increased the evil. For weeks I lav ill at j the Meadows. " ! Lydia would blame herself for shovinc me the portrait. But we both felt that there is a mystery in consequence—circumstance mast follow circumstance. One link cannot be severed in tlie chain of fate. And the weary days of illness and convalescence passed on ; and after a time my mother took me across the Channel to Dieppe. We were en route. for Geneva; but I was weak, and we waited at Dieppe for a few days to rest. We used to watch the steamers come in. It was the autumn, and there were not a great i many passengers. As the boat neared the i shore the day before we intended to leave, I j recognised a pair of dark eyes looking up at 1 me. Mr. George Murray was on board. I ! fainted. When I recovered, Lvdia was j bending over me, and though we were in an ' open carriage in the public road, she kissed me as she said, " Silly girl !" We did not leave Dieppe that day. In the evening Lydia and I walked out together, to have a chat, as she said, about old times ; but that seemed scarcely her intention, for when we were alone together she was un usually silent. We were on the pier. I sat down to rest, and Lydia, with some unin telligible excuse, left me. I leaned against the parapet, watching a boat come in. The tide was dead ahead—the wind only a cross wind, so the task of bringing her in was not an easy one. It was only a fishing boat; four men were in it; each had an oar; still, as they passed the crucifix at either side, each raised his hat and signed the cross upon his breast, and seemed to breathe a prayer. " Do they loose or gain by that act ?" I started so when I heard the questio'n. It was Mr. Murray who put it. "They lose a wave," said I. "It is a question." "They believe they gain. It may he superstitious; still I think there is some reality in tlieir idea. The loss is a gain. The boat is a trifle longer in getting in ; each man is nearer to his home." I did not understand, for my brain was stupid, and I felt ashamed at seeing him again ; but he said no more about the boat or the men, though we watched them out of sight. Then he sat clown at my side. I felt his brown eyes on mo ; but what passed next I can never write. It is only for him and me. The minutes passed on, each bearing away a pain from my heart. He told me he had come to Dieppe on purpose to see me, and with the remaiuder of his life endea vour to banish the remembrance of the mis take that had cost him so much. And I could only weep and weep till Lydia came back to put his hand in mine, and asked if I would be ber sister. It is all told now. A month after we left Dieppe, and were married by special licence, before he took me home to the Meadows his wife. Mrs. Murray was glad to welcome me, and have her eldest hoy near her, happy—though Mrs. John was not so pleased as she might have been. And George and I talk freely of the past; and I, too, have learnt to sympathize in Miss Chester's sorrow, when she wrote those two sad words beneath the sketch Colonel Chester permitted him to make from her a few days before her death. Some day I am to travel and stop in Madeira, to visit the English cemetery and see her grave. Still he carries the sketch ; hut the mystery is gone between us, and we are very strangely happy—He and L He does not tremble at my baby, though often I see the little fingers twine round his ; indeed I think he likes to feel the strange soft touch of a baby's cheek against his own. M. B. 