BUS IN URBE. A TRUE SKETCH. " Thank goodness the holidays are well over, and my country cousins have retired to their primitive abodes in the vast interior," was the exclamation which escaped the lips of Percy Mountjoy, that paragon of politeness and essence of aristocracy, as he lighted his post-prandial cigar, and gave his noble thoughts the rein. And no wonder if the poor dear fellow really felt relieved at the departure of his relatives, for had he not religiously escorted three female and two male (juvenile) cousins, day after day, to every sight or show of the metropolis, and were not the naive remarks, of the fair charmers especially, though generally intended for our Percy's ears, equally audible to the three or four contiguous rows of stall-ites or reserved seat-holders at the Opera, Pantomime, Glass Blowers, or what not ? To give our gentle readers some idea of the sufferings of our hero let us briefly chronicle one or two scenes which took place before the curtain. SCENE I. the stalls of the opera house. Time, 8 '15 p.m. The piece for the evening is "Faust." Squires has just ordered his " dose of sperrits, " and that wonderful feather of Mr. Fred. Lyster is appearing to advantage above the butcher's block, supposed to represent an alchemist's furnace. XsiTfemaU Cousin. Oh ! Percy, is that Georgia Hodson ? Percy. No ; that's Lyster.\ 2nd, Female Cousin. Yes, of course Lizzie, he's Valentine you know. Percy. No ; you know Miss Hodson's Siebel, and Wharton, at least Small Boy Cousin. I say, look at the magic lantern on the wall — what a stunning girl ! Testy, a slightly deaf old gentleman in the rear. Sssh sssh Female cousins look daggers at the venerable expostulator, and intimate in stage whispers their unfavourable opinion of him. Faust drinks off his nobbier of over-proof liquor, and the trick business of his "change" is gone through. The three Female Cousins and the two (juvenile) Male Cousins (individually and emphatically). Oh ! My ! Lor ! Crikey ! Ain't it prime I ls< Female Cousin ( Uttering ). What beautiful stockings Mr. Squires wears ! 3 rd Female Cousin (shocked). For shame Lizzie. 1st Female Cousin (snappishly). Well, I don't see any harm in talking about gentlemen's legs ; do you, Percy ? Several Voices. Order-r — silence — sssh — sssh. Female Cousins (ensemble). Well I'm sure ! impidence! (Act drop.) Here Percy, seizing the opportunity and his hat, hurriedly excuses himself on the plea of refreshment, and adjourns to Williams', where he is heard to declare to his bosom friend, Puffins, strongly against the impropriety of admitting "chattering women and hobbedehoys" into places of public amusement. Returning, as in duty bound, he is assailed with demands for lollies and gingerbeer, and discovers three out of his five charges complacently sucking two-a-penny oranges in the exact range of view of a large party of his fashionable acquaint ances in the boxes. We draw a veil over the tortures of the remaining acts, and beg our readers to accompany us to the opposition temple of Thespis, where we find the "Corsican Brothers " being played to a full house, and Percy with his incubi, the former perspiringly miserable, the latter perspiringly happy. However, our hero solaces himself with the idea that it is the last day of the town-trip and looks forward with some degree of hope to the morrow's adieux. The ' ' Ghost scene " is in full swing, the "Ghost melody "is aweing the awe-dience, the itinerant vendors of warm lemonade and unwholesome fruit are hushed pro. tem. , a belaying-pin could easily be heard were one to fall ; it is, in short, a scene of (spirit) -rapt attention, when suddenly juvenile male cousin, espying an up-country chum in the distance, hails him with a full-sized ' ' coo-ee-ee ! " His three sisters rebuke the J. M. C. in no measured terms. All eyes (even the Ghost's) are directed towards Percy and Co. Cries of " turn them out ! ! ! " "order — order, "&c.;, ad libitum. "Percy, the ineffable, "gives one wild despairing look around, turns deadly pale on beholding the sarcastic Miss regarding his group, lorgnette in hand, and swoons ! ! ! FINIS. 