TO BATAVIA AND BACK. (BY A CORRESPONDENT) December 22, 1866. THE prospect of visiting a country, the cus- toms, language, and habits of the people of which differ in almost every respect from one's own, is generally speaking accompanied with pleasure- able feelings ; especially when the future looks fair, and anxiety and care are not companions at the outset. Although a traveller may have been furnished with an outline sketch of places and of character, he frequently fills in from his own imagination such outline. Hence he is curious to learn whether the colors he has selected are appropriate, and whether his mental interpretation of the rough sketch is in any respect correct. We are all apt to indulge in such speculations, and in them sometimes is to be found much amusement. No matter the object; so long as there is a future in which we are interested attached to it, it affords a fund for contemplation. I am one of those who enjoy a change of scene, especially when, as at the present time, Batavia or the one about to be visited, is attracting a great share of attention in Australia, and a probability exists that at a day not far distant, that colony and Batavia will be intimately associated, commercially and socially. The short experience both countries have had of each other through the establishment of the Torres Straits route, and the slight knowledge which has thus been gained of the feelings en- tertained by both, hare, with many, had the effect of inducing to the belief that the connec- tion, slight as it now is, should be strengthened. Only a partial success, the experiment of the Government of Queensland may yet lead to beneficial results. It was an undertaking of no small importance for so young a colony. Whether it may lead to a permanent line of mail service being established or not, it has had the effect of proving that with additional re- sources at command — more steamers in fact — a very desirable route can at any time be availed of by Queensland. I do not purpose just now to enter into the question of the advisability or contra of continuing the line, as no doubt I shall have an opportunity, when in Batavia, of ascertaining the opinions entertained there con- cerning it. l m merely going to dot down briefly a few particulars of my trip to Batavia, and what I saw there. It was not long after the pilot left us at Moreton Island that it was discovered that the coal which had been put on board was of a very inferior description ; it was not only so small as to fall through the furnace bars, but far the greater part was mere dust. For some time it was impossible to get more than six or seven pounds of steam, and it was only by the men subjecting themselves to what otherwise would have been unnecessary toil and labor, that a pressure of nine pounds could be obtained. Fortunately the Hero had favorable winds, or I fear our first twenty-four's distance would have been small indeed. Nothing worthy of note occurred until we arrived off Gatcombe Head. There was the usual "arranging" and putting in order which always is necessary on leaving a a port, but there not being many passengers, the decks were soon in ship-shape order. Early on the morning of the 24th we took a pilot from Gatcombe, and soon afterwards were anchored off the pretty little town of Gladstone. Here we met the Platypus and Boomerang, and received visits from the captains of each. We also landed our mails, and took on board others for Bowen, Somerset, Batavia, &c.; Our stay was very short, and as soon as the mails were delivered we steamed back to Gatcombe Head, said good-bye to the pilot, and sped on towards Fort Denison. Here commenced what I may term the pic- turesque part of our voyage. It was no longer the ocean, it was sailing through bay after bay of islands of every form and appearance ; some with craggy peaks, towering upwards for more than a thousand feet, forming beacons, as it were, and each gifted with the name supposed to be most appropriate to it by the nominator; others again are clothed with vegetation, which grows as luxuriantly on these small in- sulated mounds of land as in nature's most favored spots on the main land. Some are covered with pine trees, and perhaps at a future period may furnish supplies to the timber mar- ket. They are nearly all likely to remain for years nobody's land but His who made them. I had frequently heard of the beauty of this passage, but I confess that my anticipations fell far short of the reality. December 25.— I cannot speak very favorably of Christmas Day on board ship, for although it is many years since I saw the familiar holly, or sat round the yule-log fire, early impressions of this season of the year are too strong to be easily effaced, and scenes arise to make the contrast stronger. It was arranged that the crew should have as little work to do as pos- sible, but it was found necessary to set more canvas, so that the men had to turn out. As a recompense, additional grog was served to them ; but had not that been the case I believe there would not have been any grumbling, for Jack seems to look upon work as his heritage. In the afternoon we saw the Boomerang a long distance astern of us, she having left Gladstone a few hours after us. Owing to the Hero drawing eighteen feet of water, it was necessary to anchor at dusk under Gloucester Island, a highland near the entrance of Bowen Bay. The Boomerang, drawing less water, parsed through another channel about an hour afterwards, and thus made the anchor- age in the Bay that night. What a pretty sight Bowen, with its lovely bay, presented the next morn- ing! There was a bright sky, and every thing looked cheerful, especially to a stranger, to whom there was the additional charm of novelty. As we laid about a mile and a half from the town, and there was a bit of sea on (nau. log.), it was not very pleasant pulling to shore. We all went, however — some to see friends, others to gratify curiosity. It was a holiday, and most of the good people of Bowen were picnicing on the many islands which shelter the Bay. The town is well laid out, and although the Corporation is almost of yester- day's creation, its members have already given an earnest of what they intend to do towards street improvements. The position of the town is well suited for drainage purposes, as on all sides there is a natural gradient. As we had to wait for the Somerset and Batavian mails, I was afforded an opportunity of meeting several Brisbane acquaintances who have settled in Bowen. Mr. Kilner, the Sub-Collector of Cus- toms, is devoting a great deal of care towards the culture of various seeds and plants which he has received from Java. The coffee plant docs not grow very rapidly, but some of the cocoa nuts are sending forth strong and healthy looking shoots. There are many flower- ing shrubs also, which are being carefully nurtured, and although the garden is in a very exposed position, they all appear to be thriving satisfactorily. I tried to obtain some animals to take on to Batavia, but owing to its being a holiday I was unable to meet those gentlemen upon whose assistance I depended. The jetty, which is about three- quarters of a mile long, is a most creditable structure. It might have been a little wider, but I apprehend it will be suffi- cient for the requirements of the place for many years to come. A tramway is being laid down on it, and in a month or two it will all be finished. I made some enquiries as to the feel- ings of the people on the great Separation ques- tion. They are not evidently enthusiasts upon it, especially the delegates, who discover that having incurred heavy personal expenses they are treated in the most cavalier manner by their co-separationists down south. There is every prospect of this, like many other popular agita- tions, quietly subsiding into a thing of the past. December 27.— Those in the habit of tra- velling by ocean steamers are well acquainted with the* coaling nuisance — of the sudden transformation to black, of all colors, end of the unpleasant sensation of having one's nos- trils, mouth, and eyes filled with dust fine as rappee. To-day our experience of this neces- sary annoyance commenced, and to improve matters a Job's comforter promised many repe- titions of it ; Captain Logan has invented a capital plan for conveying the coals. He has a portable tramway laid down from the forehold lo the engine bunkers, a distance of about one hundred feet, and each truck contains a basket holding five hundred weight of coal. By the adoption of this plan a great deal of time is saved, and the wear and tear of the decks is lessened. In many steamers such a course : would not be required, but our quarter deck is amid ships. Some of the sailors seem to enjoy the fun of riding along on the trucks amazingly, and it is amusing to watch Jack manoeuvring to prevent a train going off the line. After suffi- cient coal is conveyed the tramways are taken up and stowed away, decks washed, and in a short time everything restored to its original color, including the men themselves. The scenery on each side of us is still very beautiful, especially on the Frankland Islands, on one of which there is a jetty and a few houses for the accommodation of the crews of the vessels which are engaged in the Beche-de mer fishery. At the time of our passing there was a schooner at anchor, and a number of blacks searching the reefs for the fish. It must be a strange life, as many of the vessels are stationed at one place for a year, the monotony being relieved only by the occasional visit of a vessel with supplies. The weather changed during the day, and towards night was so threatening and squally that it was considered prudent to heave-to for two or three hours. The next morning (December 28) broke dull and gloomy, but soon cleared. On passing B Reef, a barque was seen on its broadside, with nothing standing but lower-masts. This must be quite a recent wreck, as Captain Logan did not see it on his last voyage from Batavia. The crew most probably made for a settlement there is near, as no signals for assistance were visible. We passed another barque at the mouth of the Endeavor River, where she was at anchor. A brig was also anchored north of the Pipon Reef. Shortly before we made snug for the night we passed some high mainland, along which the blacks lighted alarm fires. It was some what interesting to watch how rapidly they spread ; it took one back to those old times when in our own country fire spread from peak to peak, carrying with it ahum. I suppose the natives were rather frightened at seeing us passing so swiftly by. We anchored in Princess Charlotte's Bay. It is a great nuisance this camping; but until we arrive at Somerset it will be necessary, as there are so many sandbars and reefs, which, hardly perceptible sometimes in the day, ore entirely hidden in the obscurity of the night. j Another coaling treat this morning, (De cember 29) ; but it did not last long, and it afforded a good excuse for remaining below and indulging in laziness. We passed another square-rigged brig, but, beyond acknowledging our mutual existence by a display of bunting, nothing transpired. The mainland does not look rery inviting, as, with few patches, it is barren, rocky, and altogether of an inhospitable aspect. The sea is as smooth as a lake; and were the adoption of this line to depend upon the comfort of the passage, I should up to the present time be justified in strongly recommend ing it. The wind deserted us towards the evening, but still we made a good day, anchoring at sunset off Fair Cape. December 30. —To-day, as expected, we reached Somerset, although somewhat earlier in the evening than was anticipated, owing to the wind having changed and blowing right in our teeth. The weather was also squally, with heavy mists. The entrance to Somerset is through a nar row passage between it and Albany. Although there is plenty of water for large ships to anchor it is rather a dangerous ground, as the currents are very strong and the bottom affords but a bad hold for the anchors. Indeed, the Hero dragged for a short distance, notwith standing the precautions taken by Captain Logan, who is well acquainted with the place. When we were nearing the settlement we saw several native canoes, and it was amusing to see how quickly their crews made for the bund on our gun being fired off. The settlement, which consists of a few houses only, is on the side of a hill, the foot of which is washed by the waters of a semi-circular bay. The scenery is rery j picturesque, and the trees and shrubs present a more tropical appearance than those I hare been accustomed to see south. Soon after we anchored the mails were sent ashore, but neither the captain nor any of us went as the weather was rery dirty. On the following morning I spent a short time in the settlement gathering wild flowers, and enjoying the company of Dr. Haran, the resident surgeon, who furnished me with some information about the " future township," as I presume it will be, in the ordinary course of colonial affairs. The place is rery healthy, rheumatism being the only complaint from which the men hare suffered. The average temperature, according to the meteorological tables prepared by Dr. Haran, is 78 deg. 7 mm. The natives are kept under good control, and are treated judiciously; by that I mean there are no extremes either way. The houses are those of the police magis trate, the surgeon-superintendent, the marine officers, the barracks, custom-house, hospital, and three cottages for women. It must be a rery uninteresting life for those quartered there, nothing to do ; in fact, one officer could attend to all the duties. They will, howerer, i be relieved most probably in June. It has been mentioned on one or two occa sions to the Resident Superintendent (Capt. Simpson) that he would confer a great benefit by having one or two buoys laid down in the passage; indeed the material was offered by Captain Logan on our way to Bata via. [Nothing has been done, although by de voting a day or two of the time and labor of a boat's crew, a repetition of losing ships' anchors might be prevented.] There is not only a very swift tide, but in the event of avoiding that by going closer on to Somerset, there is a bar, which rises so suddenly that within a distance of two hundred feet it deepens from six feet to ten fathoms. The cost of buoying would not be one-third that of one of the anchors which has been lost. Indifference or laziness is the only cause of delay. The work must be done sooner or later, if the passage is to be used as a portion of the Torres Straits route. At about 11 o'clock we tripped anchor at Somerset, and the Hero once more proceeded on her voyage. The sea was beautifully calm, there not being a ripple save when some small fish were either indulging in playful saltations, or flying from the pursuit of a dangerous foe. Now and then a few porpoises would show their unwieldy looking bodies, bnt beyond that there was an air of placidity all around, and the idea suggested itself, that nature, in all her forms, was at ease. I saw a few canoes, but they were close under the land, and appeared to avoid us. Sometimes the natives come to the ship and receive biscuits and to bacco, hut these fellows appeared to partake of the general laziness. Off Double Island we saw the masts of the barque which was wrecked there, as you remember, a short time ago—it is rather a melancholy sight, even although there may not have been any loss of life caused by it, —that of the wreck of what was a noble ship. There it is, and likely to remain until moon shall have followed moon, and the strong iron bound spars given way to the waves constantly washing against them. On we go through Torres Straits, past Boobie Island—that great place of refuge to shipwrecked mariners. That small, bleak, troglodytic heap of rocks, which appears only suited for the accommodation of the thousands of those birds from which it derives its name, has within it a store-house open to the distressed, sailor. There, in a cave, is always to be found a supply of food and necessaries, and fresh water. Forbidding though Boobie be outwardly, it has had pleasant associations connected with it no doubt. It is a " postal town," for has it not its letter- box, and its flag-staff on which may be signalled the deposit of any letters. On leaving this island we lose sight of land, and cannot expect to see it again until some days of the new year have passed over our heads. January 6. —Our course from Boobie with the exception of a little southing, has been due west, and although we have had a strong head wind, we have made better progress than could have been hoped,, with the miserable quality of our coal. Everything that could be, has been done to ease the ship, all the yards and topmasts having been lowered. The weather is still glorious, and would be very hot were it not that there is such a soft genial breeze. The evening is the most charming time of the day, and oae is almost induced to remain lounging on the deck all night enjoying the cool breeze. No mos quitoes to torment one, nor any other of those disagreeable little plagues which, although we are told have their part to perform in the mighty world of animal life, are at the same time un welcome companions. Whilst we hare no moonlight, it is never rery dark, for the sky is studded with its starry gems, and the tea is at times a mass of phosphoric light. There is little to say, however. Day follows day with scant change ; the monotony, existing taring the capture of a dolphin or of a boobie, which return ing from a little dissipation, missed his way home and fell on the deck. At about 5 o'clock in the afternoon we sighted the highland of Timor about twenty-fire miles distant, so that we are now within six days steaming of Bataria. It is almost difficult to realize the fact that for the past week we hare been traversing the Torres Straits and the Arafura Sea —the former so much feared by shipowners and underwriters—everything has been so calm and so opposite to the reported character of these seas. I believe, however, that since this line of mail steamers has been established the rate of insurance has decreased by about lfc per cent., and that in itself is worthy of consideration. Should the Government or Governments deter- I mine upon maintaining this route, there are many reefs and banks sooth of Somerset which could be marked more plainly, but after leaving Cape York and Wednesday Island, where a pilot station is needed, all appears to be plain sailing. There are many other particulars which. I pretermit for the present, as they, no doubt, will be brought prominently forward when the whole question of the route is under discussion. January 7. —At 2 o'clock this morning, we steamed past Botti, an island to the south of Timor; and from here to Sarou there is always a ground swell, just enough to rary the easy sailing we hare had, and not sufficient to be disagreeable. During the night Sumba or Swdalhout was sighted; it is an island about one hundred and twenty miles long, and is known as haring on it the best description of ponies. We saw the last of it in the afternoon of the next day. Ihe weather commenced to be squally, and we had some heary showers of rain occasionally during the night. In the course of the day I paid a risit to the machine room; and whilst haring some conversation with Mr. Millar, the chief engineer, that gentleman informed me that instead of haring from 14 to 15 buckets of ashes in one watch, he had now from 40 to 60. I think this circumstance will corroborate in itself the justness of the complaints which I hare recorded as made against the bad quality of the coal put on board at Moreton Bay. In addition to that the slow progress we hare made is an indisputable proof. January 9.— We passed Sombawa this morn ing, sn Island about 130 miles from Sandalhout. It is more picturesque than the latter, the coast being more wild and rugged, but it has not the fine park- looking table-land which is such a distinguishing feature in Sandalhout. There was a very heary swell for a few hours, and the sea broke into sheets of white foam against the iron-bound rocks, which form the basement of some of the perpendicular high land. Hot a liring animal could I see, out I beliere that the northern side of the Island is dotted with little villages. Passing Alias Straits (by-the-bye a surrey of this coast is much wanted, as none of the charts am correct) we go on along the coast of Lombok Island, rounding which, we enter the straits between it and Pandita, which lead into the Jara Sea. Here there is a rery strong cur rent, and, in fact, it is not a nice passage at the hour at night at which we are now entering it. The stream is running against us at the rate of seven knots an hour, and, although the sight is grand, we cannot enjoy it, knowing how much it will cause delay. The huge wares meet us, marshalled up so closely as almost to form a wall, and a stranger would at first imagine that the ressel was dead on to some formidable breakers. The old Hero weathered it well, and notwithstanding some tremenduous rolls she did not ship a sea. At this season of the year, it was almost to be expected that this part of our royage would not be so pleasant as I am informed it was last trip. There was also a great deal of mist orer the^land and the summit of the great mountain which is estimated to be 14,180 met above the level of the sea, was perfectly indistinguishable through its vapoury clothing. Although the wares, which for an hour or so had been boiling and hissing in such fury, subsided into a long heary swell, the current still remained very strong, and I fear the account giren by the log is not rery satisfactory. Janntrr 10.—"What is probable seldom happens I remember reading somewhere or other —I think it is one of Roohefbucault's maxims—and really I am almost inclined to endorse it, for to-day, instead of being off Baly Island, it was most probable that we should hare been within a few hours of the termination of our voyage. Wind and tide are powerful enemies to fight against, at least we have found them to be so to-day, for at one time I thought we never should get away from Baly, with its gigantic mountain peak of 12,321 feet. It is disappointing also to be prerented from seeing the small settlements on the islands which are bid from riew by overhanging masses of cloud. Altogether, what with coaling, rain, and strong head winds and currents, even one more stoical than I am, would be a little disgusted. Perhaps, however, the moon, seen for the second time this evening, may hare as soothing an effect upon the elements as it some times has upon humanity. It is somewhat to be wondered at that the Dutch hare not erected any lights on these islands, not eren at the headlands of the Straits. This is the more surprising as, all the islands being inhabited, and some densely populated, the cost would not be so great as in many of the small islands in the Australian waters. Lights are much wanted at Botti, Lombok, Pandita, and Sapoodie, through the straits of the last-named of which we are now (12 p.m.) going through. January 11.—A north-west monsoon, such as we are fighting against now, and hare been for the last few days, is no mean foe to our progress, as for seventeen hours we hare been off the Island of Madura, which is only from eighty to ninety miles long. This delay will considerably shorten our stay in Bataria; we can do nothing, howerer, but put up with what inevitably must be. We hare seen a good many of the moorings left by the Dutch fishing praos: they consist of a long bamboo, to which a weight is so attached as to permit the stick to remain about six or seren feet perpendicularly above the water. I pre sume the sea is too rough for the fishermen to renture out now, as we hare not sighted any of them. In the afternoon the weather improred considerably, and the wind lulled. We passed Cape Boegel, distinguish able by the high peak of Mount Japara, a little before 7 o'clock. About ten miles east of it there was a barque at anchor, and fire miles or so still further another barque, near to the Mandelick bank. How splendid the evenings now are! The tem perature is soft and pleasant, and there is a large amount of enjoyment to be found in the luxury of real laziness—by which I mean, lying on the deck, and, if not too much trouble, watching the stare. After years of active life, the dolcefar niente on board a steamer in the Java sea, at this season of the year, is not to be despised. From now to the 14th there was little change; we duly passed the Boomjies Island, which is opposite to Indromayoe Point and Mandelick: at the former a light is much wanted. Saw several ships as we neared Ba taria, and at about 1 o'clock p.m., on the 14th, the name of the Hero was added to the long list of vessels of all sizes, descriptions, and countries, lying in the fine harbor of Batavia. January 11. —We had not long dropped anchor in the harbor of Batavia when a small steamer with a funny name came to take us and our household gods to the capital. So much has been said at various times by persons, whose good or bad fortune it may have been to visit Batavia, that I feel that in many remarks I may make I shall, although unconsciously, go over the same ground as that trodden before. Still, however, as we may all view the same scene from different stand points, I think that a few lines descriptive of Batavia, as it appeared to a " new chum,' may be interesting to your readers, many of whom may some day or other perhaps visit it, and recognise in its actual existence what is only now but dimly seen, owing to the want of skill on the part of the artist. To " do" a city properly in the short space of time allowed by the temporary stay of a mail steamer is no joke. There are so many things, which no matter the direction the eyes take, attract atten tion, and rivet it there for a while. This is especially the case with Bataria, inasmuch as it is divided as it were into two divi sions—the remains of what it was many years ago, long before the writer of these lines was introduced into the world, and the modern por tion of it. And yet there is a similarity in the architecture of both; and I have no doubt that manners and customs hare little varied, save as affected by the intrusion of modern inventions. The entrance to the city from the harbor is by a long canal, which is carried into the sea for some distance, being enclosed by walls of brick. The bricks are not laid on each other in the manner usually adopted, but they are cemented together in large frames, left to attain the form and substance of solid blocks, and as such are deposited in the same way as would be granite, or other kind of stone. It occasionally happens that the sea breaks orer these walls, but they stand rery well, and afford good refuge for the praauws (Anglice prows), which, by the way, are most extraordinary aenierementa of Malay naral structure. The Noah's Ark of our child hood is a wonderfully constructed machine, but it is surpased by some of the Malay prows in shape and " fixings." In the canal there is a steam dredge, built on the same principle as those in use in Queensland. It is principally used for the lower end of the canal, as in the upper portion dredging is done by the manual labor of the conricts. The process must be rery trying to those unfortunates, as they hare to keep under water to fill the wicker scoopes which are used, and are only allowed breathing time between the hoisting and lowering of the same. In some places, where there is a large amount of animal deposit, the stench is fearful. The Dutch Commissioner of Customs may be congratulated upon the careful guardianship of the revenue exhibited by his officers at the Boom, or examining place. Although erery oourtesy is observed, and this I may remark is a distinguishing trait in the character of our Netherlands India friends, great care is taken to orerhaul most carefully the luggage of pas sengers. I was much amused at one incident. It appeared that a gentleman had lost as a bet three what are sometimes called " bell toppers" —white hats, in fact, —and on his return to Bataria had taken them with him. The band boxes attracted the attention of the examiner, and as he could not be made to understand how one person could require three new hats, a dis ousnon ensued. Finally, an interpreter ap peared and all was set right To a stranger on landing at the Boom, the number of carriages, two ponies in each, the chattering of the natires all around him, the requests to stay at this or that hotel, afford ample scope for the indulgence of gratifying his curiosity; but the best plan he can adopt is to submit to hare his luggage taken to one of the best hotels, to jump into a pony carriage, and get away from the jargon and confusion as quickly as possible. There are many good hotels, and one is apt to be guided in his selection either by report of the captain or the photographic representation of the building which appears on the cards of the landlord. Not a great distance from the Boom or wharves to which the steamers are moored are various Gorernment buildings and store houses, the principal places ofbusmess, the coaling depots, the Water Department (where the water from the rirer is filtered for ship purposes), the fish, and fruit markets, and other buildings; also the Look-out, which is a square tower, used as an observatory, similar to the windmill on Wickham Terrace, but open to all those who, desirous of saving themselves further trouble, use the telescopes provided by the Gorernment, and thus ascertain the locale of any ressel in the bay, and whether she is re ceiving or discharging cargo, as the case may be; it is, in short, a rery great conrenience to those engaged in shipping and commercial affairs. The canal or kanasoh, which ultimately assumes the form of a rirer, is a great traffio thoroughfare, and bisects the prin cipal streets; it is spanned by numerous fixed bridges in its upper portion, and by draw bridges at its lower end, so as to permit of the lighters going as close to the stores as possible. What especially strikes those who hare been accustomed to the streets of our Australian cities are the precautions which are taken in Bataria to secure protection from the heat of the tropical sun. Unlike Anglo-colonial cities, the principal streets here are well shaded by umbrageous trees planted on each side, whilst the stores are all built with more regard to ren tilation than to ornamentation. There is not that appearance of an anxiety to make use of erery inch of ground. This remark applies to private dwelling houses as well as to ware houses, with the exception of the miserable places which are occupied by the Chinese and Malays. It may to some extent be accounted for by the circumstance that it is difficult, in deed almost impossible, to purchase land in the city, the Government refusing to sell it; in that, as in almost everything, they enjoy a most un questionable monopoly. To judge from the aspect of the Katie (river), bazaar, and of other streets during business hours, the hundreds of semi-nude Malays, either employed or wait ing to be, the pig-tailed Chinamen and the long robed Arabs walking about, one would imagine it was a busy place indeed. In addition to these there are the whites, few of whom walk eren a short distance, oil, nearly, haring either their own or hired kraturs or carriages. There is no doubt a great deal of commercial activity, and yet at the same time the hires from which these busy workmen are constantly pouring are quiet as the step of the bare-footed Malays. Stockings, boots, and sweeps are things and per sons not recognized by these gentry, any more than are bonnets or hats by the females. The streets are most creditable; they are well formed, metalled, and drained, and they, as well as other public works, being constructed and maintained by convict labour, are always in good order. They are watered by hand labour, prisoners haring to carry a large perforated spout bucket in each hand, which they fill from the canal. It is surprising how perfectly the roads are watered by this process. There are two characters with which a stranger becomes acquainted rery soon after his arrival. They are of ancient origin, and hare their synonyms in London, large in stature and not particularly preposses sing in appearance. Messrs. Gog and Magog are, in short, conspicuous from the elevated position they occupy on each side of what was one of the principal gates of the old city. There are no doubt many legends attached to their existence, as there are two other fixtures near them, and they also may possess much faror in the sight of the inhabitants; of that I am not*' aware, but judge so from the high polish erery now and then put on their black risages and garments. Facing the gate, at some distance, are the offices of the resident Magistrate—in fact, the gentleman who, next to the Governor-General, is most powerful. He is rery well spoken of, and, judging from the com paratirely small amount of crime in the city, he administers the duties of his office well. I may here remark that from one end of the colony to the other there is a chain of what may be called watch or guard houses. They are sufficiently near to each other to enable alarm to be giren by means of the watchman striking a large hollow wooden I cylinder, which is suspended in the house. By this means, escape is rery difficult to any per son committing a crime. The natires are not allowed to walk the streets in the town after 7 o'clock in the evening, excepting those employed as domestic servants or engaged on special duty; these, if challenged by the watchmen, are com pelled to show their permit. Drunkenness is almost unknown among the natires, and I did not see one case of intoxication ; perhaps this arises partly from the absence of small public houses or tap-rooms, and also from the fatal result of excess in this hot climate. I do not think there is much sickness among the natires, considering the close manner in which they are packed in their dwellings. Constant bathing in the canal is no doubt a great prerentatire, and it was a wise law-maker who included this in their code of religion. The hospital, I have heard, is rery well conducted, so for as is compatible with its resources. Dr. Taasell, the surgeon of the Hero, and a gentleman of great hospital experience in tile mother country, Tinted the institution, and I am in- debted to him for the following parti colan. The class of disease* are principally dysentery and fever. All the wards are de tached buildings, although there are Terandahs from each for the convenience of the officers who wish to proceed from one to the other. Some of the wards contain upwards of sixty patients, a number too great in such a hot cli mate, as in eren the cool climate of England from 1200 to 1400 cubic feet is required for each. This is almost the only fault to be found. The diet is very good and liberal, as, for in stance, there are fire hundred fowls killed daily for the use of the hospital. This would appear astonishingly extravagant to an English man, but in Batavia where good fowls can be purchased for half-a-crown a dozen they are the cheapest of animal food. The patients are classified into first-class paying and second class ditto; European and Coolies paying and non paying. Every day there is a different medical officer, or guard, as he is termed, and he is re lieved at sundown. The whole establishment is presided over by Colonel Wasgelevitsche. In connection with the hospital there is a museum tolerably well stocked with anatomical and phy siological subjects and models. There are also training schools for native male and female stu dents; the former go through a course of training in surgery and anatomy for three years, at the expiration of which period they are sent into the country districts. The latter are instructed by a matron in midwifery, and they also are forwarded to the country. On the whole the institution is a credit to the country; it is well ventilated, and looks cool from the number of trees which form avenues intersect ing it; being constructed of brick with Italian tiled floors, it is always clean; it is well managed, and the inmates are well treated and cared for. This is saying a great deal, consider ing that with a population of 400,000 souls there must be necessarily a great many demands made upon it. As regards education I cannot say muoh, it being confined to such a very small section of the people. There are schools en dowed by the Government, in addition to which the pupils have to pay fees. They are entirely un sectarian, but during my stay in Batavia I heard that many oomplamto were being made of the mode of treatment, as it was principally treatment physical, and not moral; the evils complained of will easily be rectified. There are several places of worship, among which is the Anglican Church, to the minister of which the Government behave very liberally, providing him with a fine house, gas, water, and fuel—the hut is not muoh wanted—and subsidising his income to an equivalent with the amount sub scribed by his congregation until it amounts to five hundred rupees a month, beyond which they refuse to go. He has a large field for labor, and, provided he attends to his duties, his work in such a hot climate must be very arduous. The present clergyman is Dr. Arnold. It is outside of the city proper that the visitor to Batavia finds scenes most consonant with his tastes. The well- shaded roads, with the noble looking mansions and neat villas on each side of them. The splendid squares or plains, as they are called, the magnificent foliage of every shade of verdancy, the feathery leaved palm trees, which tower up in almost every di rection with their thick clusters of golden yellow fruit—for the outside of the nut when ripe is j of a more brilliant color on the tree than when it has been gathered for some time — the gorgeous-leaved shrubs so beautifully painted by nature, as almost to lead to the belief that even the gentle dew must injure them. The bright turf so carefully kept that even a dead leaf is not allowed to hold a resting place on it, all these now, during the wet season, looking at their best, combine to make the suburbs of the city most attractive. It is no wonder merchants and others are so eager to leave the town for the quiet and geniality of their private dwelling-houses. Although at first there appears to be a sameness in the style of the domestic architecture, yet in all eases there is some little difference in the internal arrangements, guided as the designer necessarily must be by the amount of money he is allowed to expend. There is around all of them an air of coolness and of comfort; and on the same principle that ladies and gentlemen, after 5 o'clock or so, seldom appear in their carriages or walking, bonnetted or hatted, so also do they, when in the house, dine in some instances in wall- less rooms ; in others in rooms as open to the four quarters as the rest of the building will allow. All the houses are some little distance from the road, and, as I before observed, the grounds are well planted with trees and shrubs. So much land is attached to all of them, that one would naturally consider it was not of great value, but the rents are high, and the cost of maintaining some of the larger establishments must be very great. Not a small item in those expenses must be the train of native servants, for it is an established rule, apparently, that white men should be put to as little trouble as possible; a very good provision too. The large verandahs, entrance and dining halls, are mostly paved with white marble, and at night time are lighted by glass gaseliers. I may here mention that the city and suburbs are well supplied with lamps, there being gas laid down for forty-seven miles. The King's Plains, on one side of which is the private residence of the Principal Magistrate, is a splendid open green, perfectly level and covered with fine turf; it is a favorite lounge in dry weather, and some of the English residents, when the ground permits, enjoy the favorite game of cricket. Such a reserve would indeed be a boon to Brisbane. Cattle, not of the Aus tralian breed, but miserable looking animals, are allowed to graze on this common, but they cannot be looked upon in the light of ornamenta tion. They are small and lean, although there are some descriptions which are used as working bullocks, and which are about as awkward look ing as elephants, and about the same color. Between King's Plain and another not quite so large, called Waterloo, are the barracks, which ore of considerable extent, as it is necessary they should be, for there are in the island about twenty thousand troops, and the blue uniform is most abundant in the city. The native soldiers are all barefooted, snd although they do not appear very smart, I have been told they are rot afraid when in the field. During the few days I was in Batavia, the military band played two or three times. If the evening is fine there is on those occasions a large attend ance of ladies and gentlemen, nearly all in carriages. Those not having the entree to the Conoordie, a description of club house sur rounded with a garden, in the centre of which is an orchestra, remain in their carriages, which are drawn up on each side of the road. I imagine people go there more to see each other than to listen to the music, or else I am a bad judge of the skill of the performers. Near to the Concordie, and like it, facing the Waterloo Plain, is the vice-regal palace, a long building, and one I should suppose, from the quietude around, too large for the requirements; private dwellings and officers' quarters occupy the other sides of the square, in the centre of which is a neat column, surmounted by a lion, an animal apparently much respected, as he is to be found couchant at the entrance of many houses. With the^ exception of these al fresco concerts, there were no other public amusements, save a musical entertainment given by the Philhar monic Society, which was well worth attending. An opera company is expected to arrive soon, and then, I believe, the upper part appear more in public. It is quite a pleasant change to go to a Batavian hotel after those in the colonies. They are conducted in such a superior manner— partly continental, and yet so arranged as* to be adapted to the trying climate of the tropics. The Hotel der Nederlanden, at which we tock up our quarters, is a fine large handsome build ing, and is beautifully fitted up inside. There \ is a large verandah, which is always cool, '■ and which during the eveuing is the j resort of both ladies and gentlemen. Then there are ante-rooms, after which is the large dining saloon, which is open all round. Dinner is the only meal at which all the visitors meet, as many do not care for breakfast. A few stragglers drop in for tiffin, j most business men having tiffin sent to their offices, and the ladies do not make their appear- ■ ance till late in the day.c xcept to go to the bath- I houses. In every particular the utmost regard ia paid to cleanliness, and the luxury of cool ness, and to each visitor a native servant is I allotted, who attends to him as carefully as I one's " own man" or valet in England. To one accustomed to the substantial meals of the colonies, the menage of a Batavian hotel is not very satisfactory, and I confess that a mutton chop on board the Hero was infinitely preferable to the incomprehensible commixions which emanated from the kitchen of our Dutch friends. Vegetables, fruit, and fish are well supplied by the natives, and in the afternoon a visit to the markets where these are displayed is amusing. All the fish has to pass through the market, and the quantity recorded before it can be offered for sale. Among the fruits in season were the pine, which is inferior in flavor to those of Australia, and has a smoother skin; bananas of various descriptions, pum xnelows, rambuk tan, mangosien, dukan, and some others. The rambuk tan and the man gosien are delicious fruits, but they will not keep for more than a few days. After dinner the hotel is gradually deserted, all either paving " domicilary visits," or driving in the pony car riages. Few remain out late, as the early hours of the day are too precious to be spent in bed. Among the many pleasant drives I had was one to the Botanical Gardens, which are about four miles from the city proper. The ground was very wet, but notwithstanding that I found something to admire in every direc tion. The curator has an able ally in Dame Nature, the result of which is that he resides in the centre of a modern Eden. The trees and shrubs are especially beautiful—of flowers there is not such a variety at this season. The menagerie is pretty well stocked with animals from different countries, including the emu, kangaroo, native companions, 4c, from Qneens land, all of which appear contented with the change of clime. Wednesday in each week is the fashionable day, as then the military band give an instrumental concert in a large pavilion which is erected in the gardens. The scenery around is very pretty, particularly along the banks of the river, which, although not very translucent, but the reverse, is fringed with native scrub of every hue and variety. I was sorry I had not an opportunity of visiting Buitenzorg, the sanitorium of Batavia. It is situated on a high range about 30 miles from the town, and is a favorite place of resort with the upper classes in the hot summer season. Beyond it again is Qadok, the elevation of which being higher, renders an extra blanket neces sary. Strawberries and other English fruits grow here very well, and between it and town are some splendid farms. It is at Buitenzorg that the Governor-General has his private resi dence. The policy adopted by the Dutch Govern ment has been strongly advocated by more than one writer on the subject, and Mr. Money in his book, "Java; or, how to manage a colony," is greatly in favor of it. Like other Governments, it has its detractors; even some who go so far as to say that it is now pursuing a ruinous policy. It has been called a " pater nal " Government, from the protection bestowed by it on the native races, their abolition of forced labor, and the care they exhibit to prevent the natives leaving the oolony; any person taking one away being compelled to enter into heavy bonds for his safe return. The mode of dealing with the revenue of the colony is beginning to cause dis satisfaction, as out of the £4,000,000 raised annually, a sum equal to that of Hindostan proper, nearly the whole amount has been ap propriated to the Imperial bureau of late yean, consequently many improvements are left un made—railways for instanoe. There is one great system of monopoly, even to the importa tion of salt. Again, those who formerly de rived good returns from the rice and other plantations are not only suffering from the change from forced to free labor, but see the money drained from their colony to enhance the funds of the mother country. On the other hand, much has been done by the Government to raise the colony to its "present state of prosperity, although there are so many natural resources in it that, under a more liberal rule, it might have been considerably increased. Im perial monopolies, when carried to such an ex tent as to interfere with the legitimate business of those who follow commercial pursuits, are frequently attended with loss and injustice to that class, and hence cannot be regarded as calculated to promote the growth of the most important interests. Among the laws relating to the transfer of property, or rather the interest in it, for no land can be sold, is that the purchaser has to pay a duty of five per cent., and afterwards a similar amount annually as ground rent, to the Government. The coffee plantations, and the rice and sugar also, bring in considerable sums to the Govern ment ; the gasworks belong to them —indeed, so jealous are they of any interference with their scheme of monopoly, that private com panies, especially English, cannot obtain a charter. Thus capital is prevented from enter ing into the country for carrying out reproduc tive and useful undertakings. There is much more to be said on this subject, but as my books of reference are printed in Dutch I am not yet able to make use of them. I can only refer your readers to Moray's work. The form of Government here is purely executive, the Council consisting of five gentle men nominated by the Dutch Government, exclusive of the Governor-General. His Excellency appoints one day in each month for giving audiences at his office in the Byswyck, or principal street leading out of the city and through the centre of whioh, the canal I have referred to, runs. It is a large building and I have reason to remem ber it well, as being next to the Hotel der Nederlander, I used to be aroused every hour by its melancholy-toned bell which answers the purpose of a clock, and which can be heard for a long distance. The English merchants are greatly in favor of a permanent route being established with Australia. The reason they have not availed themselves of it, to any great extent hitherto, is because of the uncertainty of its continuation. They want to have our Aus tralian gold ; that is the first article they men tion, in fact the sine qua nan. They are quite prepared to open up trade with us provided there is a regular line, but of course that could not be, with only one steamer to stand all the wear and tear of a contract. Indeed the owners of the Hero have been fortunate in pos sessing a ship which has served them so well, and more so in having as its commander a gen tleman possessing prudenoe, skill, energy, and perseverance. Those who have travelled with Captain Logan will, I am sure, agree that these attributes are due to him. Mr. Alexander Eraser, who is known to many in Australia, has devoted a great deal of time and attention to the mail service question, and I think the plan he suggests so practicable of working that I hope it will be referred to at length in another j place. There are, however, several other pro positions, all of which I presume will be ven tilated and seriously considered before any final decision is recorded. The Sunda, a small steamer, arrived here with the European mails on the 19th, necessi tating our departure on the following day. We thus had only five clear days in Batavia. The margin allowed to me after at tending to business matters was but small, and therefore you must accept that as an ex cuse for the above very indifferent, hastily drawn sketch. There is something of interest to be found in every block of this ancient-cum modern city; its bamboo towns and Chinese squares and joss-houses; its narrow back streets, inhabited by semi-nude Malays, who pour out from them at early dawn like ants from their hills, and, like them, following in one continuous single file, all apparently bent on some mission, and not influenced by any wayside attractions. Then again there are the plantations, which I could not visit; but n'importe —if the line is continued you will soon know a great deal more about Batavia. I received much kindness from Mr. Van Delden and other Dutch gentlemen; it is needless to say the English were very hospitable. Looking back on my short sojourn, I may ssy that I like Batavia much, but Queensland a great deal more. We left the Bay on Sunday, the 20th Janu ary, having on board about as miscellaneous a collection as any admirer of curiosities could desire. Chairs and cages, mats aud funny look ing umbrellas, puinmelows and pines, &c;, were all piled together, monkeys chattering and run ning about everywhere. Order was, however, soon restored after leaving, and everyone found some place of reception for his new investments. We hid head winds until our arrival at Somer- set, on February 1. Sometimes they were strong, but as a rule were light and steady. Al though we had taken in some English coal at Batavia, we had to use a great deal of the exe crable stuff we brought from Brisbane, and our progress was thus checked from two causes. We did not remain for more than an hour at Somerset, just sufficiently long to send on shore letters and goods, and to bring back a few parcels. It being low water the men had to carry the cases for some distance, as the boat could not get within fifty or sixty yards of the landing place. All seemed glad to leare Somerset; for, whilst it is a dan gerous anchorage, there is no great inducement to go ashore after having seen the settlement once. Thence until our arrival at Bowen we had pleasant weather. I may here remark that the beacon on D Beef has been either blown or washed down, so that it will be necessary to hare a new one erected. The barque which was on Beef B on our upward passage has been removed, but of that most likely you are by this time aware. We arrived at Bowen at half past 7 o'clock on the morning of the 6th, in tending to remain there only long enough to dis charge cargo and mail*. As, however, there were several passenger* who were desirous of going to Brisbane, our departure was postponed until the following day. A melancholy incident, and one unexpected, cast a gloom over the short stay of the Hero whilst at Bowen. I allude to the death of Mr. David Millar, the chief engineer of the steamer for the three trips she has made. At about half-past 6 o'clock on the evening of the 6th it was apparent that death was about to take him away from us, and very shortly afterwards Mr.Mil lar was no more. Full of life in the morning, being in better health than he had been of late, he was busy in the discharge of his duties; in the evening, when all was hilarious life on deck, he was breathing his last in his cabin below. Poor Millar! Many a pleasant chat had I with him, for he had travelled a great deal and was • most intelligent companion. Fond of bis pro fession, as he was a master of it, he had occu pied positions of great responsibility both in Victoria and New South Wales, whilst from his genial disposition and his quaint humor he was much liked by those who were for any length of time acquainted with him. The cause of death was serous apoplexy. The funeral took place on the following morning. Although so short a notice was given of his death to tie people of Bowen it was most gratifying to all on board the Hero to find that general respeot was evinced. Everything which could have been done, had a longer notice been received by those on shore, was done without such notice; all were anxious to exert themselves to the utmost —all did so. Thus, although buried far away from home, the greatest attention was shown, and to the relatives of the deceased it will be satisfactory to learn that his remains were in terred in a prettily-situated cemetery, among others, both young and old, who had been called away before him. The service was read by the Bey. B. Tanner, who you will remember held a series of services some time ago in the Brisbane School of Arts, and who probably will fill the vacancy at Bowen caused by the departure of Mr. Searle. The body was followed to the grave by the captain, doctor, and officers of the ship, the engineers, and firemen, some of the crew, and by anumber of the residents of the town. We left Bowen at noon, but after passing through Whit Sunday passage we met our old foes, head winds, accompanied with a nasty heavy sea. On the evening of the 10th, we were passed by H.M.B.S. Salamander, and on the following morning we spoke the steamer Sir John Burgoyne, bound for Port Denison. In the afternoon we anchored once more in Moreton Bay, after an absenoe of seven weeks. I have now completed my short sketch of " To Batavia and Back." The writing of it afforded me amusement on board ship ; I trust that, with its numerous faults, the perusal of it may be of some interest to your readers. The Western Morning News reports sstrange case of superstition. About a month ago there died the Her. B. D. Bhodes, the vicar of Bath ampton, a Tillage two miles from Bath, and on the borders of Somerset and Wilts. Since his death the rumor has become current that his ghost has been seen in Bathampton church yard, and has been heard groaning and sighing. The witnesses increased in number and in posi tiveness of assertion, and the report obtaining general currency, crowds of persons came over from Bath to verify it. Their testimony was abundantly confirmed, and one old parishioner, entering more into detail than the rest, said that he had seen Mr. Bhodes with a crown of glory round his head and a trumpet in his hand. The matter now became serious, and the aid of the police was asked. Constables accordingly were placed to watch. The ghost appeared, as usual, pale and ghastly, groaning and sighing. He was captured, and turned out to be a great white owl, which is henceforth condemned to humiliating imprisonment in a barn, with hard labor in the shape of mice catching. The ship Chelsea, which left Melbourne in October last, with about 400 Chinese passengers, arrived at Hong Kong on November 21, and the passage to all parties concerned appears to have been highly satisfactory. Captain Lowe had a handsome silk flag presented to him, and the whole of the crew were regaled after the most approved celestial fashion. Commenting on the circumstance, the Song Kong Daily Press, of November 24, observes:—" The ship Chelsea came here a day or two ago^from Mel bourne, with 396 Chinese passengers on board, returning emigrants, who had Tnade money enough in the colonies and were bound back to their homes. The voyage had proved so pros perous and pleasant to them that they yester day made the captain a present of a ' span glorious' silk flag, and had the crew regaled upon roast pig and gin. The incident is curiouly suggestive. Here were 390 Chinamen on board a vessel of a trifle over 900 tons register for forty-three days,—not so long as a voyage to Havanoah takes, but long enough to grow very wretched in a badly arranged ship but instead of mutiny, or piracy, or any out break of violence at all, we hear of perfect con tentment amongst the passengers during the whole trip, and behold their enthusiastic satis faction burst out in the shape of pork and spirits on the arrival of the ship at her destina tion." Contrasting the fortunate passage of the Chelsea with the disturbances on board Coolie ships, and improving on it, the same journal proceeds to remark :—" If the Chelsea had been a Coolie ship from Macao she could hardly have taken a greater number of living men on board than she has now brought up from Australia. They lay transversely to the ship's length, in three rows along her* between decks, two feet by six for each man, and no more. Each man attended to his own commissariat, " found himself" in everything he required, paid £5 for his mere passage, and was so well pleased that his first thought on reaching China was to give the captain a silk flag and intoxicate the crew. Not, therefore, in the sufferings incidental to a sea voyage in a crowded ship mtut we look for any explanation of the coolie outbreaks which so constantly occur. If the Chinaman be a willing passenger, two feet by six in a ship's lower deck, with 400 companions, is luxury to him. It narrows the investigation into the causes of coolie mutinies if we may set aside at the outset all considera tions connected with bad air and poor accom modation." Captain Low is an old and well known shipmaster in this port, and his success on this trip with Mongolian passengers is very gratifying.—Melbourne Argus. A ULDY writing from Kansas to the editor of a Mobile paper, thus describes a new mode, ala Rarey, of making hens lay:—" After break fast I was surprised to see my landlady go out, and catching her hens, tie each one's legs to gether, and throw them upon the ground, with 1 There, be good.' * What do you do that for ?' I asked. 'To make 'em lay.' ' Will that do it ?' I enquired. 'La, yes,' she said, 'didn't you ever hearn tell of that before !' I confessed that I did not. In an hour she went out again, and picked up the hens ; sure enough sjme had laid; these she let go, and they ran off, not even cackling their gratitude. But those hens which seemed disposed to be contrary she struck on the back, saying, 'You'd better lay, for you won't go until you do,' and in a little while they, too, had recompensed their mistress for feeding them so bountifully. She says she does so every morning, and the hens know well enough that •they have got to lay.'" 