' MK. -MACALISTER'S POLICE/BILL. It may not be generally known, but it is never- ' tbelessa fact,- that just before the closeot'last' Session, ah i sidious attack upon our liberties was in course of preparation by the head of tlte tjoverniueiu, anct' was to do presented to the' country ' cloaked". 'under1 the form of an amended:..PoHc6 Act. Fortunately, however, tho promoter of the scheme was interrupted in the patenting of his'infernal machine, and kicked out just in time to save tho country from finding itself' bound hand and foot in the most constitutional manner. The amendments are not,' tola casual; observer, of a verystart- ling" nature,' but upon close scrutiny will -bo foutid to contain all -tho germs of .'despotism. They are evidently framed for the express pur pose of narrowing into the smallest compass at nil compatible with the' spirit' of the ago, ' that- freedom of action and speech to which all British subjects have been accustomed, and for thef'establishment of a code almost inquisi torial in -its. working, froni the power it would o place iii the bauds of. the police for exerting an -undue pressure upon the peo ple. Why a more -stringent police law than that hitherto in' operatiou should bo required for h icolony barely: soven 'yenrs old, with a; scant population, and an. unlimited labor mar ket;- naturally provokes ;iioi inconsiderable surprise, for we find' tlmt under :the' heaviest provocations, rand the most try ing' "situations,' the ' operatives of ; Queens land have conducted themselves; with a loyalty nnd l'yrbearanee fdr which Mr.'MAC- alistuii,- tho author !of all tho distress and debt- of,:the: colony, should,, be', the first j o' ac- , jhno\vle.dge with ;gratitude. Wob he' appre- V.I)en'slve:that:the.resuUs,of ;his insane and 'un-j principled-' policy, i-the open and .undisguised ' 'cpjruptiohs'ol' his goyernmentj-wore gradually cr, eating. in, the minds of the' people- a feeling 6>rirtiitiq'ni t'lmt, uiight yet entail- disastrous copflsguencc,'' aiid ''ci eatc' eriouS' cmbnrrassl jnent..to tho .constituted., authorities, that hq sought before hand to. provide for all contin gencies by introducing a Bill which placed the people under restrictions more arbitrary and despotic than those of Russian Imperialism. Had ho Torescen tho crash his iron liobby \ would bring upon the colony, and cal culated upon tho effect, tho inevitable ex posure of his ministerial dodgos would pro duce upon the exasperated miuds of tho peo ple — and thereforo sought to coerco any ex pression of public opinion by the strong arm of tho law ? And was, we ask, this feeling not a little incrcnsod by tho marked dis approbation of the masses, evinced upon every occasion his Excellency appeared in public, uud shewn in such a threatening man ner that Sir Geo lion doomed it oxpodiont to open Parliament by Commission, and previous to its dissolution to withdraw himself partially from tho gaze and flattoriug attentions so li berally bestowed upon him by universal accla mation? .Hb cannot ' separate himself from tlio acts of li is Minister,' and public opinion plainly: shows, it holds him responsible, for his share in hhis misdeeds. .'Did Mr. Macalister contemplate- the commission of further acts of uncnnstitutioual oppression that ' it was doomed expedient to strengthon the Police Act thon in. force, to make . more stringont regulations' for preserving 'order and good conduct within the " city, port, and hnm- lets of Brisbane, and other towns and places; in the colony of Queensland." For- tho last 6even-and-tweiity years iho older colonics of Australia have been governed under the Towns Police Act of 1830, and we soo no reason why we should form an ' excoption to the: rule, or why additional, rigor or extended' powers should.be introduced into our police ln\va un. less, as wo liavo before ' suggested, Mr. Mac- altsteh contemplated ' their. . incorporation with tho old Act in . self-defenco. Tho Bill to which we refor is a mixture of good and .-evil, —and commences fairly enough by inflicting, penalties upon " persons being able to maiiitniir their iiimilies' and vylio ncgleet'tb. do.so— aiid on prostitutes wandering iu, any street or place- of public resort — liiul every person wandering aorouu or pmunig- niuisuu iu a.uy such sweec or public placo to beg or gather alms or pro visions or eneouriiging any child .so to do aiid every loose idle drunken and. disorderly person- disturbing tho public peace shall be deemed a loose idle and disorderly person and it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace to commit such ojlender (being thereof, convicted before him , by his own view, or , by the. 'confession of such oti'ender or by tho evidence on . oath of some credible witness) to the nearest common gaol, or houss of .correction there to be kept to hard labor for any time not exceeding one calendar month or to inflict a penalty on Bucli offender of any: sum not exceeding forty sliil- liugs for the first such ofteneo and for every- subsequent such otleuco to commit such- Of fender to silch gaol or house of correction there to be kept to . hard labor, for aiiy time- hot exceeding three calendar months or to in flict a penalty on such offender of any sum not exceeding five pounds." . "We suppose it is impossible to provide for tho foregoing of fences iu a less elaborate form, and that it is necessary to draw tho clauses so that they may carry out the intention of tho Act ; at tho same time it will be observed that it throws an en ormous power into the hands of tho authori ties, and one that is capable of being fearfully perverted, ; More "serious objections arise, with regard to sotnoof the provisions in Clause No. 2.- — "Any person who shall have or keep any house shop or room or any lodging board- iug or eating house or place of public resort, within any city or town wherein provisions liquors 'or refreshments of any kind shall be sold or consumed (whether the same shall be kept or'rctailed therein or procured elsewhere) and who shall wilfully or knowingly permit drunkenness or other disorderly conduct iu such house shop room or place or knowingly suffer any.unlawful games or aiiy gftmingfwhat-, soover tlierein or knowingly permit or..suifer. prostitutes or persons of notoriously bad cbn- : character to meet together and; remain therein shall for every such offence be liable to a pen alty of not more than five pounds Provided always that if the offender be a licensed vi tualler or licensed to sell fermented liquors this enactment shall not . be construed to ex empt him from the penalties or penul conso- j quences to which he mny.be liable for com mitting any offence against the, teiior of tho license granted to him." A good deal of this sting is taken out.pf this, clause- by the inser tion of tho word knowingly, which affords a loophole, for escaping -'the penalties attached to the infraction of the law, though we cannot let it pass without remarking upon the ab surdity of including boarding houses within tho list of plnces where the inmates can be in terrupted at a quiet rubber of sixpenny points, and fined according to the Act., .Wo pass on to Clause the 3rd, which declnres— " It shall bo lawful for any officer of police or constable: to euter any licensed public-houre or any pub- lie boarding. eating or lodging house, or any place of public resort or entertainment at any hour of the day or night and to search therein for offenders and otherwjse perforin tlieir'duty using us little anuoyance to'tlie iuinatcs thercoi as possible." This is dead against common taw. : No. constable -has a right, according to the old law, to enter liny public-libuse unless' ho hears cries of murder — otherwise: it isa trespass. This clause puts tho' publican and' lodging-house keeper completely at the mercy of the police, in whose hands is placed a wea pon which can at all times be most mercilessly used./ "Wo maintain that no constable should, be entrusted with such power, and that such interference with the liberties of the subject should only bo given to officers in charge, and should only be made by them in person. ' The abuse to which such a power is liable must ., strike the least observant that it loaves a scope for tho exercise of oppression which is incon sistent with the spirit of freedom which is supposed to be the essence of the British law. But it is in the last two clauses that Mr. Mac alister stands out iu liis truo colors with all his blushing honors thick upon him, and we must confess they do ''him infinite; . credit. Clause the 4.-th 'says — "It shall- be lawful for any officer of police or constable in the neces-. sary performance of duty to demand from iind require of any- individual with whoso person lie Bhall be unacquainted his name and address uud to apprehend' without' warrant any such person whor shall neglect or refuse to givo bis name and address when required so to do ab aforesaid. and .every, such person who Bhall re- fuse. to give bis name and' addreBt' or 'who' Bhall give a false name or . address, wlicin tip-', plied : to as . aforesaid shall vupon conviciiph; forfeit and pay any sum. not exceeding five pounds or at tho discretion ! of tlio convicting justice be coinmitted .to.aiiy gaol .or. house/of' correction for any1 -term 1 nob cxeoOdihg ,bhe -ealendnr month." A very pretty idea indeed- .MUOUtTA'i .V.1K ,i" -t of tho honorable Arthur's to bring all classes undor police surveillance, and which is bona Jido Couviet Law, for as buslirapgcrs. burglars, and thiovcB of overy description arc generally known to the polico, it follows that to bo respectable enough uot -to bo known to the police, is sufficient to subject any stranger no matter what his position, to an espoinago and insult as disgraceful as it is annoying and humiliating. Had this clauso pnsscd into law, then good-bye to tho liberty of the subject in Queensland. Wo need not suggest tho pro- bablo roply to such au iuterrogatory which would naturally riso to most ' men's lips despite the penalty, which shews how readily Mr. Macalister can ignore , law as well aB justico when lie proposos to invest a constable with- powor ,to;nrrest a rnnn without a warrant, and contrary, to.. tho. Statute to orn- power a, single Justieo (not. a Police Magis trate) to- imprison any man, no matter what his position, in gaol for a month, becaftso for sooth lio declines, as lie. would, ,hnvo every right to do, to answer impbrtiiiont aud un- warrautablo questions., , A more. Algerinq act could not be irnhgined.- and wo . very much' doubt if King Bomra "eonceirod. one "with r more arbitrary tendencies or more unjust in its npplieatioh. The 5th Clause,1 that"" Every person' who witlv a) number, "of : other). 'persons' oxceeding six Bhiill ' stand or loiter about to tho". annoynnco of ; passongors 'shall be "fined forty shillings,", is but ' a transcript Vof the Austrian Edict ip Italy, and used simply as a preventative to insurrection. Such precau tions; may be necessary in thickly populated countries' whore want,, starvation, nnd oppres sion may create disaffection, but certainly no such stringent clauso is required while. Queens- lan'd.is- petitioning for immigration, and can ouiy.liave b'opiv contemplated by Mr._ Mac alister to suit' his :own purposes: " It is - pro bable the Bill would novor have passed, but that in no way invalidates tlio good intentions of tho framer, and wo think in quite as well tliat .the country should bo put iu possosBion of them. Tub public have! every right i:to thank us for .the -determined, stnnd we took in favor of Mr. Archer in tbo'late election, agiiinst all coiners. Wo pledged ourselves for liis jncqiTuptib'ility of character and for his ability,, both .of which, recent evonts have amply ondorsed, We point to his maiden speech three days after lie had taken his scat, and to tho well-known' fact; that it was considered to be one' of the best it" not the best that had been made by any young member within the walls- of tlio House— and that hp not only received the congratulations ; of the Steaker, but of most of the Members who were present— and wo also point, with a fur greater feeling of: satisfaction to tb'o fact, that lie has fulfilled our predictions to the letter in being ". proof agninBt the seductions of oliico," and is one of tho very few who can push away tho golden, fruit from his lips with out touching it— for wo are in a position to .state that liis colleagues pressed upon him the "office of Colonial Secretary, which lie re fused, simply upon conscientious grounds, ho thought ho could serve his constituency hotter as- an indopoudent Member, in which position ho feels lie will bo bettor able to move amendments upon any Land Bill before the House, than he could do if ho belonged to the Ministry. . His selection tor the office of Co lonial Secretary, after having only taken bis seat: threo. days, and, spoken but once, lias wo venture to say, no parallel in any colonial legislature— rand independent of the compli ment to our. Members, " must be taken as a direct ono to tho constituency which returned him. There can be no doubt that the emolu ments of such an office, iuid tho position it gives a miiu, test in no small' dogree the inte grity of his principles, and wo think that those who opposed Mr. Archer's return upon the grouuds that be came forward upon a purely selfish policy, will feci that their judgment was premature, aiid dcrus the justice to re member that we told them so. The tido of Southern opinion is' flowing rapidly North and not a littlo influenced by tho men we sent in to represent us. The South has invariably scoffed at the idea of Northern legislators, nnd cajoled itself into tho beliof that wo had not ability, availablo to cope with tho giants of debatd who jiayA:' hitherto had tho floor to themselves, nnd liavo affected to criticise tlio oalibro of both our members with a super cilious condescension which., now, must strike the dountry -as very amusing, if hot" a' little humiliating. 'The Brisbane papers arc sus piciously silent about Mr.. Archer's speech, which, judging from tho impression it made upon the House, is somewhat singular. Are thoy afraid to commit themselves, and' fear- a ropitition of " singlo-speech Hamilton," of olden days? We should have imagined from the particular notice with which we.nro gono-- rnlly favored, tlio freedom with which our actions are chronicled, arid the spirit/of. acri mony with which our political aspirations are canvassed, that a speech mndo by a now Northern member, and which was considered worthy of being complimcntod by the Si'eaker, was an occurrence sufficiently un- ' common to call for somq expression of opinion , from the' Press. » Ilavo'thoy begun to feci tho North has slipped from its nioorings, and tlmt the introduction . of ; Mr.; Palmer, - into the Ministry, and Mr. Archer, into the House, is le commencement du tin.' There- is every probability of tbe present; Ministry inaugurating a., far, more liberal land bill than that, proposed by the lute Ministry: '! Tho iutercsts of the North are- in capital hands,-' and we leave them with overy confidence that the' right riien, bo far as our interests are concerned, are in the right plafce. School oi> Arts. — i'iio usuul nnnutil Bachelor's Bull came oil' on Tliursduy evening lust, at the above . Hall, and-wuB.in every way . a marked success. Tlio guests arrived a little before ten, and (lie business of tlio ovoning 'began, "iind' was kept up - with' unilugging energy right through tho programme. The place Yvas handsomely decorated, and tho whoia nrri.ngmncnts . wore ca.ried out in a manner which reflected much credit upon tho Stewards. The musio was stiporb, and deserves- ospcciul notice, uot ouly for. udmirablo tueto displayed in tho selections of tho pieces, but for tlio perfect and spirited way iu which they wero given. Mrs.. Glussock, of tho Loiehhard Hotel, tho solo: ciitoress upon all ancli occasions in tlio-town, provided : tho refreshments, which were abundant, nnd admirably servedj By-lho-byo why shoudn't tho married men . give a Bachelor's Bull ? Eh I Tho idea ls'nt bad— noithor is the bull ? . ..A Court Sorne, .But . Not .Courtly.— Tho fol lowing passugo of arms, although tho outs and thrusts ! .all, name from one side, occurred tho other day in tho : Supremo Court. The facts, Bays tho Brisbane Courier are briefly these : — A witness named Ford, ono of: the plaintiffs 'in -tlio suit, was : under bxariiination by ; Mr.,Lilly,.who tondcrcd>iu ...evidence a .paper, purpbrf-. ing to.bo a debd; under seal between, plaintiflii. und. de-| fendant,' arid : which hu'd -just, previously,; during the; examination '. of Kndwlcs,, been : teudered:, ink evidence,'; :und-r'cjectfid..by , th, o Court. for reasons .;;8tuted. His! lionor inquired what the pnpor was, and if it was the. oiio.just rejeoted.«, Mr.-Lilloy (replied that it wus. His' 'Honor suid; ' 'That's a1 'contempt- of Court. Shorifl',! take that mau (Mr.Lilloy) into custody.' Mr. ILilloy .t/viatr/a;: (ioo5> . ... ) said, ' I don't understand it.' His Honor, 'You'll understand it to-morrow, whon you uro cnpublo of un derstanding. Mr. Lil'.oy : ' Why am I given into cus tody P' His Honor : ' llccuuso you pertinaciously offer in evidence a document ali-emly rejected after ar gument.' Mr.' Lilloy : ' if I tondcrcd tho document in error of judgment, or in excess of zcul for my cfioul, should I bo subjected to imprisonment ?' His Honor : .' It is a contoinpt of Court.' Mr. Lillcy : ' Then it is ono that may bo purged." Ilis Honor : ' Certainly, by proper apology. Mr, Lilloy : I certainly am sorry for what, bus occurred.' Thus ended a scene which for a short timo guvo notoriety to tlio rut liar unimport ant cusc of lCnowlcs v. Haneock." His Honor is a hurd hitter, and appears to liavo haa a poor opinion of Mr. Lilley's uudui standing. In .fact,, the mntiner in which his lionor spoke of tho greater probability of that gontleuuin being clearer on, the morrow,.- was somewliut significant, niul might . bo construed in moro than ono way. . Tiik , Gourlays.— Owing fo tho length of: Mr' Fitzgqriild's address, press of 'advertiabmohts,'and other iimtter,. ivo lire unable to offer' any lengthy criticism ii(jon thb'ontcriainniont giveri liist night, at the Soliool ol Arts,' and iuust roset;ve our comments for: a futuro issue. Wo would observe, howovor, that tlioso talonted artists 'nrq_well worthy the , flattoriug (notice .bestowed tqipu them by the Southern pres. > ,. . j , ' Our Bailway.- — On. Tliursday lust .Messrs,: Barry, Rourko, and Munro, completed , their- contract for tho const ruction of tho Northern Railway to. Woslwbod, and handed over (lie works to Mr. Aflloek, who acted ) oil- hohiilf of the. Government. :) The Ghost or a Leo.— Bid ovor any one eeo tho - gluist of a well formed leg, deckod out ill a grey . stocking, ending in u foot cased in boots. . vvitli .olastio sides Wo may, many of us, boon, haunted by tlio; memorios of real anklos and protly - fsot, in fuet we wouldn't give much for tho tasto of, tho he's of the worlii who liavp iiot, but in grey stockings— not in groy stockings, things as horrible ... and us unLi-pbcticul us can be imaginud,.aiid which \vo rugiird with as . inuoli unlipathy. uud disgust ub did Cecil,; the coxcomb,. ;lho bbuutiful Butch Lady, to whom lie Iind bccii making most violent love, when with a loud caigch sho spat upon the floor. The Warrington Quardittn puts the doubt to rest iu our mind as to theqiossibijity of such a ghost whon it tells us tlmt tlio solemnity', which usually characterises tlio services at Cairo-si root Chapel was rudoly dispelled by an extraordinary apparition, which u-as suddenly Tnado inuuifesl right above the minister's hoiid. Wliilo tlioeongrcgatiou were singing tho last vorse of tlio flrst hymn a very well- formed log came down through tlio ceiling, and tho singing was extinguished in laughter. , All eyes wore at .once. lixca on tlio leg, wluc-U, alter a vigorous plitngo or two, was .withdrawn. 'This wus not accomplished. . until most of the congregation had marked : tliut the (foot wore iui olastio side-boot and tlio leg a gr. y stocking. The minister, wlio was" a stronger was bnpt isect Vvitli dust and plaster, und for sotiiu niomeiits betrayed a disposition to jeiivo thu pulpit , under tbe impression tlmt citlior tlio cciUtig'or tlio owner of Ilia leg was coming down. Matters wore, however, ex plained by the clmpol-keepor, nnd the servico. pro- ,eceded.' After ivorsliip wns conohided some curiosity Svas manifested' to discover tho owner of tlip log. The minister's house, it' sci-iiis, adjoins tlio chapel, nnd froni tho gai-rot a person ean walk oyer tho ceiling-' of the latter. During tho morning tlio only person in tho' house — the stated minister being enjoying a- 'holi day' — wns a charwoman. This person was charged with being the author of tlio phenomenon, hut stoutly denied it ; and us she also allirined that no one else lmd been iu tlio house, wo presume it must be accepted os a spiritual manifestation. ' Tho fact of tlio leg wearing ail elustiu-sido hoot iind grey stocking will, no doubt, open up for spirituniists .a new- subject for discussion. Eautiiquakiis. — Tho Earth, from somo caso. or another, which wo, of course, do not pretend to know anything 'about, 1ms had sevoral sevore attacks of aguo lately, which have caused a great dual of ruin, death, and dismay, iu various qtini-ters. Althoughtwc are accus tomed to l-eeeivo rather sharp shocks from tho Bris buno battery, nnd have grown somoirhnt callous, still wo i trust ivo Ahull not bo visitod by ono of these torin tremblings, which wo Bee by the Melbourne Art/its are creeping into our neighbourhood. "A prolty. smart shock of an earthquake was experienced iii Mclbourno at nbout.lmlf-pnst Ave o'clock on Saturday morning, and formed tlio principal topic of conversation during tlio day. The extent of ground over which it was felt seems to have been pretty large, as wo have notices of its having been observed so far north as Gisbornc, t-.nd so fur south lis Quconselilf. From tho vnriuus accounts received it would appear to liavo beon felt most soveroly . at tho coast stations. Tho shaking of tlio earth lasted for nbout six seconds, nnd residents of Melbourne, who hnro experienced two or ' threo previous earthquakes hero, including the notable ono of September 17, 1855, suy that tlmt of Saturday was niorqsevoro than any of its predecessors. The actual phenomena observed eo.ra to lmvu -been wave- like vibrations of tho earth for a few seconds, accom panied by a low rumbling sound, causing doors and stishes to ruitle, crockery uud waslisfand utensils to clnttor — noises tlmt appear to liavo -been in many casos attributed to tho passage , of heavy carriages in tlio street, .burglars breaking in at the window, or- some body under tlio bed." Telegrams hare beon received from .various quarters,, which prove' 'that the oiirthquako 1ms been widely spreud ; ut Geelong, the noiso' is described us rcso'ubliiig a great explosion, rousing the whole of tlio inhabitants, aud alarming many. Houses were shaken to their foundation. Tlio heavy swelling motion was from cast to west. Corro Bay wns vory mtieli nguited ; the captain of the barquo India, was awakened by the bumping noiso, and buliorcd tlmt another vessel had run foul of hinr. No information has been received of any damiigo dono in Melbourne. Folice. — On Wednesday tho Court wub not put Into requisition, Micro being no cases for His Worship to decide. On Thursday a man brought some vory interesting charges against' liis wife, who, it appears, laid cni-ricd out, in nil opposito direction, lior vows to love, lionor. and obey, -and lmd caused her husband no little '"amazement," by assaulting him; using obscene language in his presence, destroying his pro perty, and abusing mid -insult ing . him in a vnriely of i ways, Tho affair was very judiciously settled out of . Court. On Friday a person of tho name of -Poter Walsh, was charged with larconoy, but us ho did not think it positively necessary to make liis appearance, ho lias lmd a reminder sent after him in (lie shape of a- warrant, irhlch Will probably haro the desired effect of teaching liim to treat tlio Court with respect. A man of tho. name of Bodkin, recovered from his muster, Thomas Atkinson, tlio wages, duo to , him , £10 18 4d., iu addition to which defendant had to pay Costs. Two men woro lined, ono . five . and. tlio other ten shillings, for being found drunk in the stroots, nnd another had to pay live shillings for indulging in tho luxury of pulling his enemy's noso, of wliioh wo ; should surmise thu puller lmd tho worst, and that tho payment of tha flno was tho leust part : of tho punish ment.' A Modern Wonder. — Ours may bo woll termed the age of discovery: Every mail brings out. some astounding news of inind conquering muttor,iind of the oloments themselves being foreod into, being servitors of man. But wo cannot-; call to mind anything more astonishing or mora likely to strengthen the probability thut tlio word " impossible" will Borao day or anotliec bo blotted from our dictionaries, nnd that tho existence of an impossibility will bo -looked upon us one of the myMis of tho past thun tho following: — Mr. Wilde, of Manchester, 1ms, invented a most wonderful clectrio muchino which weighs about 4i tons, including one ton of copper wire, . and which rcquiros an cight-horso stcum ongino to -keep its armature in rotution, and necessarily produces tremendous effects. It gives off oleutrid lire in torrents : tho light producod is intense, .and is quitu us usuful to photographers as sunlight, with the advantago over tlio sun that it can bo used on dark duys nnd nr. night. This light ur wo hear is al ready employed in nianufnutiiring establishments, and is to' bo introduced into light, lidusos. A French Com pany, wiio liavo purchased the right- to ubo it in Franco, will try it first, on , tho 'light- hotiBO at Capi) Grisnez, wlieneo, as is said, the light will radiate not only aorofsB the channel, but soino distance into tlio southern .counties.. of England. . Bo9uIob the., production of light) tlio' now nVnchiho is upplioublo to manufacturing purposes ; tho sizo of the maehino being altered to suit "special . eiroumatnnees. A woll-known firm at Birmingham' are about to uso it;- instead 'of a galvanic battery, for' the .deposition: of copper on articles ro- quircd to.be coated with tliat: metal: In this: case, tlio electricity 'of ' tho mncliina is substituted for tho noid and zinc of tho battery, and will cost loss. In another -instttneo, the muehiup is to bo used for tlio production; of ozono.in large qiianliiicsTor 'employment iii bleach- ; ing ouonitions. '' Una of LhcBo 'machines,1 oroctod 6n-; high in the heart of London, would light- Mts length und breadth ;. it would literally turn night into day ; i tho stars would bo dimmed, and the moon would only. \- look in lier sky. a very 'gho.st-of hyrsolf , while every yuga- j bend, liousobi-enk'or, uiid.piidiiight robbor ivoulcl oursoj .".tlio. useful light, !';iaiul bowuil )Miat hia. ''booupatibn! was gone.", aI- ' "'i ' 