Ifr 'I I ( _ _,., w_,.,,,v,,.^,,,,, ' V-.: :? - - ? fc— ? I THE ENCYCLICAL OF 1864. j ? - v j PerbBpB no Papal act in recent times has called ' fortb frem tbe non- Catholic world a louder put ' «y than tbe Encyclical with', a Syllabus of Errors '.ti censured, given nt Rome, December 8, 1^64. ?;', Tbe whole sectarian and secular press cried; out ;','- against it, as a direet condemnation by \ the Cburcb of all modern civilization, all political jand civil liberty, all modern science, and r!1 freedom and independence of thought Even some Catbo \- lies wbo bad been labouring to bring about; an ; alliance between the Cburcb and the Liberal move ~ ' meats of the age, and to accommodate tbe Church, 1 * ' if we may so speak, to the hypotheses and con jectures, of unbelieving secularists, geologists, pBieoniOJOglBIB, pnuuit'giBiB, uuu uiiiurHpuiu^ieie, were startled, and disposed to pronouce it at least very impolitic, and likely to do much harm ' - to the Catholic cause. Jt would enrage the ene mies of tbe Church against her, without making ber any friends, and give them some excuse for opposing her. Three years have not yet passed since tbe pub lication of tbe Encyclical, and we think experi ence bas already proved that it was inspired by tbe Holy Ghost, that it whs the very word from the Chief Pastor and Teacher of the Church tbat '„ , was most needed by the circumstances of the times, and was in fact one of the greatest and most glorious acts that distinguish the Pontificate ?' of Pius tee Ninth. Its effect has proved that *'J the bolder and more uncompromising tbe Church, r*. the sounder is tbe policy, and tbat the strength \- of Catholics lies m an unwavering fidelity to tbe ' Church bb abe was, is, and ever will be, and that * they but embarrass her and weaken themselves ' by following tbe dictates of a worldly wisdom, and seeking to form an alliance with movements, however promising, tbat originate outside of ber. She is God's Church, placed in the world to teach God's trutb, and to men and nations God's , . law, and she does and must derive all ber .. strength from Him, and none from the world, or ' allegiance of gny sort with the spirit of tbe age, which is and always will be hostile to her. We think we see the proof of the great and ; good effect of tbe Encyclical in the late aasem 11 blage of Bishops and Priests at Rome; especi ' c ally in their manifest filial devotion to tbe visible '. Head of the Church, and in their perfect unani ,', mity. There were over five hundred bishops and t many thousands of priests from all quarters of the globe assembled around the Chair of Peter to do ;, homage to tbe Prince of tbe Apostles, and to ex !- press in that homage their devotion to the Catho.. \- lie and Roman Church ; and there were no ' divisions, no dissenting voices among them. Nothing could better show the good effect, of the '' Encyclical, the unity of Catholics, the indepen „; dence of the Cburcb, or the living power of the '., . Catholic faith. Tbe Holy Father had touched ,7' tbe chord tbat vibrates through all Catholic hearts 1' and secularists, heretics, and infidelistB, who ..;-, were telling us thrt tbe Church was dead and t.: ready to be buried, beheld with confusion tbat \- .she i9 -still living, and a real power in tbe world, great assbe ever was, and in no sense shorn of her strength — tbat she is never mighter than in her apparent humiliation. The rope, though ' ! Stripped of the greater part of bis temporal pos ? ' sesions, abandoned by the States of Christendom, and suffering the open or covert hostility of nearly every European Government, yet c»n '' speak with a voice more potent than any King or '.Kaiser in the w rid, and move more minds and i&arts.; Tbe indication of an (Ecumenical Council to „ assemble at Rome next year, will, we may con fidently believe, complete the work begun by the Encyclical. Tbe great and holy Council of , Trent checked the spread of heresy, and confined -..Protestantism to the : territory it bad already \- acquired. It bas gained no more territory since, \- - except by colonization The new Council at 4 Borne is not convened precisely against heresy, for heresy has run its course, but against * far '' more subtle and dangerous enemy— tbe enemy of all religion, of all trutb, all real science, bll civil ' 'i^s well as ecclesiastical authority, all social ' rordep, and evten society itself. This enemy tbe ^.'Council will meet, and we. have no doubt it will ^check his. farther progress— indeed totally van quish him, and inaugurate a real Catholic Revi . ral throughout the world.— -' New York Tablet. 