salt nutmeg ¿tëlornfng grain. FRIDAY, AUGUST 9, 1867. -. IN the Legislative Council, A yesterday, Mr. Weekes gave notice of his intention to ask whether the Government proposed to carry out a recommendation made by a Select Committee in a former session, for a survey of the harbour of Port Jackson, and Mr Hall gave notice of a question as to whether the Government had under consideration any plan for the improvement of the pilot service, more particularly with a view to the diminution of risk to life in that service Mr A Carr in li, moved the second reading of the Arbitration Bill, which he said was the same in principle as that formerly passed by the Council, and which was introduced by the late Mr. Johnson, having, however, been revived by his Honor the Chief Justice ruled that gentleman's death The bill was read a second time, and ordered for committal for Thursday next The House having gone into Committee on the Border Customs Bill, Mr E Deas Thomson proposed the amendment of which he had given notice to the first clause, reserving to the Legislature of New South Wales the power at all times to alter any of the Customs or Excise duties whenever the public interest might seem to require it Mr DoCKEr opposed the proviso as altogether unnecessary, as it could not be contended that any Executive e could bind the Legislature, neither could the Act of any Legislature bind any future Legislature Mr Deas Thomson maintained that under the agreement and the clause as proposed, no alteration, could be made in our duties pending this agreement without going to the "N Victorian Government to ask EenniBsion He disclaimed any intention of ein harassing the Government, to whom he thought great credit was due for the arrangement they had made The President said that there was no doubt as to the power of the Legislature to alter duties at any time, notwithstanding any such agreement Mr Hall contended that it would in a breach of faith to do so in face of this agreement without the sanction of the Government of Victoria He looked upon the agreement as a treaty which must be taken with its disadvantages as well as its advantages Mr Docker denied that there would any breach of faith as suggested, and at a subsequent period stated that the Government of New South Wales was not satisfied with the course taken by the Government of Victoria They did not approve of their asking for an annual vote of £60,000 the Government of New South Wales merely looked on that of S letona as their agents, collecting their money) Mr Gordon spoke in favour of the amendment. Mr. Hu suggested an alteration in the amendment, to which Mr Deas Thomson agreed, striking out reference to readjustment in case of any alteration in duties Mr Hay moved the amendment of the amendment The amendment was put and a division was called, and the amendment was negatived by a m verity of six to five. The bill was finally reported without amendment, and the report was adopted, and the third reading of the bill lived for Wednesday next The report of the Committee of the Whole upon the Camperdown and Randwick Cemeteries Bill was adopted. The Council adjourned at a quarter to 7 p m , until 4 p.m. on Wednesday next in the Assembly, yesterday, Ministers, in answer to questions, said that as soon as the report relative to the Bredbo bridge was received, the Government would consider the name that COO copies of " Bailliere's Gazetteer ' were purchased for 1963, for distribution where it was necessary to give information respecting the colony, whilst only five copies of " Bailliere s Director) were purchased that the subject of the management of the two Denominational Orphan Schools would shortly be decided upon by the Government, that the provision of a range for the houseless pool had not been considered by the Government, that the amounts paid by Mr Murchison and by Mr J Smith, jun for conditional purchases had been refunded that the case of Mr Griffith s conditional purchase had not a yet been reported on, that the contract for laying the permanent way from Singleton toMuiwell brook was accepted on the 8th January last, to expire on the 1st February, 1868, and that up to the disc July last not one mile had been laid, and that Messrs Nelson and Hardy s conditional purchase money had not been refunded because they had not complied with the Act Mr Martin moved the second reading of the Honorary Degrees Bill He said that by law the senate were empowered to pass degrees only after ex.amination of candidates They were thus prevented from following the course of the English and Continental universities, which bodies conferred ad eundem degrees without examination these universities took it for granted that any person who had received a degree from another university had received it only when entitled to it, and therefore confirmed it It was to empower the University to do the same thing that this Act was introduced there might be some objections to the third and fourth clauses of the Bill, which gives a power of political voting to members of the University, made so by the vote of the Senate, but if the bill were read a second time this could be remedied in committee Mr Brown said that these degrees had been origin nearly appointed as a reward of merit, and as nothing else, but this Bill would make them the gift of favour If the founders of the University had thought it necessary that the Senate should have this power, the 1 clauses of the Incorporation Act would not have been so strict as they now are to keep the University to its original position, he should a oto against the Bill Mr TiDDiNGTOis contended that the conferring by the Sydney University of the title of Master of Arts upon some distinguished graduate of an English University, conferred honour rather upon our Univer city than upon the gentleman receiving the title So far from this conferring of degrees being an injury to the University, he thought it would benefit it by the competition it would cause amongst the youth of the colony to place themselves upon the same standing as some great and celebrated man Mr Windeyer, objected principally to the third and fourth clauses of the bill Our Electoral Act gave to the University the power of electing a member to his House when the members of the University amounted to one hundred in number. These clauses gave power to the Senate to select persons who would be members of the University, and thus they would have given to them the power of selecting those who were to be the constitutes a of a member of this Home. This was against the spirit of our constitution, and he I should oppose the Bill that contained such objection- able clauses. Mr. Macvupuso.n spoke in favour of the Bill. Mr. Stewart wished to see this institution made more useful to the colony, and to that end he did not desire to give more power to the Senate. He objected to the third and fourth clauses, and, believing that the power asked for by the Senate was unnecessary and would be pernicious, he should vote against the Bill. Dr Lang, as an old member of a very old Scotch University, had felt some indignation that he had not been admitted to an ad eundem degree in the by Sydney University, and though he did not altogether go with the third and fourth clauses, he considered that the public voice would prevent any abuse of power by the Senate Mr Forster thought it better that such a measure as this should be postponed until a more fitting time, when the University of Sydney, having created for itself a name, could make something like a fair bargain with the universities of Europe The question was put, and the second reading negatived on division by a majority of 20 to 16 On the motion of Mr Parkes the House went into committee to consider the propriety of introducing a Federal Council Hill A resolution affirming the desirability of introducing such a bill was agreed to after some few remarks, and the resolution was reported to the House Mr Parkes moved the second reading of the Volunteer PorcelUgulilion Bill, and after explaining the necessity that existed, for this measure, said that the bill held out an inducement to persons to join the force b) proposing to give every Volunteer hit) acres of land after five years of efficient service Considering that the Imperial artillery) cost us £70 a man per year, and the infantry £10 per man, it would be far better to raise a force of our own at a less cost, extending the application of the bill to all places many reasonable way accessible from the metropolis Mr PoitsTEit denied that the Government, of which he had been a member, had been inimical to the Volunteer movement He supported the present bill with some few exceptions, but objected to so much as fifty acres of land being given. Mr WILma in said this bill had long been required, as something in the shape of inducement was required in order to cause "a volunteers to come up regularly) to parade, mind, whilst he opposed the proposal to release A volunteers from serving on juries, was in favour of the clause providing for the grant of fifty acres of land to Volunteers after five years service Mr PinnINGToN considered that some statement I should be made of the way in which the Volunteers had performed the duty they had undertaken, thought the artillery to be the most important branch to this colony, and he hoped the mistake would not be made of considering the "A volunteers as a suüicicnt.substitute for a regular military force After some further remarks the bill was read a second time. On the motion of Mr. Lucia the Cathedral Close Bill was referred to a select committee The House adjourned at half-past 9 o'clock till 3 o'clock to day. No sooner is the Government clear of one knotty point than another makes its appearance. The defalcations in connection with the Rail | way Department are now fully disclosed, and they will naturally give rise to discussion. There is one thing, however, greatly in favour of the Administration, that they have a strength in the House which relieves them from half their toil. The Gordian knot was to give to any one who could disentangle its threads the possession of empire. The mighty monarch who found himself baffled by its intricate threads interpreted the prediction in his own imperial way, and by the edge of the sword showed, at least, that if the prophecy was not fulfilled, it could never be accomplished. A Government that has similar force and weapons as keen need hardly trouble to lay bare all the influences and motives by which a certain result may have been obtained. One man goes out, and another gets his place. Mr. Eastwood, who has now no representative in the country to he pained by his misconduct, and upon whose nearest and most injured domestic connection the shadows of the grave have closed, has made himself a great name in the records of colonial fraud. There was a coolness in his movements, a unity in his plans, a timely display of liberality and generosity even a power over tears which baffled those who thought' they could read off-hand the tokens of honesty and innocence quite remarkable. His relations with most politicians at least on one side of the House-were of a very warm and friendly nature. He was often seen in their society. He enjoyed the distinction of Captain, if not something more, in our Volunteer force. A handsome house, a respectable " turn out," and a style of living if not affluent at least very abundant, seemed to point him out as a man who either worked for the pleasure of working, notwithstanding the possession of a fortune, or who had some power of making a small income go a very long way. Mr. Walker, the Accountant, in explaining the trust reposed in Mr. Eastwood, gives an ingenious calculation of his resources under two heads, real and fictitious. He shows clearly that if his resources had been equal to his pretensions there was nothing that could be called very extravagant in las expenditure. In fact, honest men cannot cope with villains who are continually laying traps for their con- fidant, and making everything tell in furtherance of their frauds. The bitter complaints which are sometimes made of incautious confidence are never likely to prevent it wholly. People resolve not to confide in appearances to trust no man any further than they can see him to look upon all as rogues until they prove them to be honest men, and to adopt a great number of other maxims solemnly issued from time to time by the unfortunate who have been deluded, or by the world-wide who have happened never to End their match. But even the most cautious are deceived.- We have known an ostentatious villain announce himself prepared to rob in certain directions, and yet to be taken at his word for an assurance that there were forms of fraud from which he would shrink more than from a hangman's ghost. It is not a difficult thing for a man to impose upon and defraud if he has only sufficient caution and intellect ; if he can hide his time ; if he can make some present sacrifices for future gain ; if he use all those methods by which people are allured into trust, even after having declared that they will never confide in any promise or pledge or appearance. In this light we are not disposed to say very much against those who were cheated by Mr. Eastwood, or against those who were blinded by appearances skilfully adapted, or those who were unable to detect his frauds in that long run of good luck, as it may be called, which he enjoyed. There is, however, one part of this history which ought to make an impression. A Minister of the Crown can never preserve his authority, if he allows himself to be led into an intimacy too close with those immediately under him. Who was to question Mr. Eastwood ? Who was to raise a suspicion against him To do so was to expose the officious person to rebuff, and, perhaps, in failure of clear evidence, to dismissal. There is a subordination essential to the preservation of authority, and not less to prevent the abuse of trust. More men in positions of trust have been seduced by the supposition that they could never be suspected than by any other V cause. The haughtiness of some who have 1 held Ministerial authority has indeed, led them to err on the other side, and instead of treating as gentlemen those under them, only in position-far superior it may be in education and even in ultimate prospects they have thought it necessary to make them feel not only that they were subordinate, but en- slaved ; not only that they were bound to obey, but to cr each not only that they had to listen with deference, but to suppress everything like explanation or reply. Such upstairs mistake the qualities which alone give dignity to office and render authority respectable. The escape of Mr. Eastwood, after the detection of his frauds, is one of the most extraordinary upon record. Here was a man whose accounts showed a most serious compli- cation. The inference was too evident to admit of any serious doubt. Yet he was permitted to make preparations in which he must have had many accomplices, to quit the country hours after his delinquency was all but certain. It would have been possible to have arrested him, notwithstanding, had sufficient promptitude been shown. We say this with more regret, because we are quite aware that there is another side on which people are prone to err, and often inflict unnecessary hardship and wrong. With- out even the smallest suspicion of complicity, however, we look upon the escape of such a man as a serious injury to the country. We may have to offer some remarks upon the case of Mr. Walker, the Accountant, as explained in the documents before the House. He has been the chief victim in this case. It is edifying to remark that the loss, both public and private, is one of the fruits of those zealous efforts of which Mr. Dalgleish gave a series of examples. It will be remembered that this very suspicious person found out all of a sudden that an enormous fraud had been committed in the purchase of railway iron amounting to we will not pretend to say how many score thousands of pounds. This arithmetic and other figures equally large, staggered the Minister for Works (Mr. Holroyd), who was in a hurry so terrible to detect the truth that he commanded that all other business should be laid aside and the whole force of the office devoted to statistical returns. Their production was estimated by him at three days' work, by Mr. Walker at three months, and they occupied four or five months, and required the almost exclusive attention of the Accountant. These statistics were in part required to show how basely the country had been defrauded by the connivance of Captain Galton, one of the most trusted of English gentlemen, whose word would have passed in the English market for more than the entire revenue of this colony. The smart Mr. Eastwood was a calm spectator of these feverish movements of our patriot in the iron line. He saw that the disturbance of the Accountant's department and the absorption of the force of the office would give him an opportunity to carry on a grand game, and from that week until he quitted our shores he continued to appropriate to himself sometimes £20, sometimes £50, now £300, then £1400, and so on until he had absorbed some £6000. A thief so accomplished saw at once where to operate, and it was only when the disappearance of such patriots as the con- noisseur in iron gave breathing time to the department, that inquiry began to turn upon his movements, and he found it convenient to declaim, to imprecate, to weep, and to disappear. We may have to ask the question, what is the actual relation of a Minister of Works to the servants of the State, and how far his peremptory orders are to be regarded as binding upon them. But the first most impressive fact which presents itself to our view is, that " a meddling," fussy, half-informed, and reckless j man, who, by dint of insolence and perseverance, makes himself a scourge to Government, may prove in the end not a confederate, indeed, but the most effectual, though unintentional auxiliary to an accomplished thief. In searching for improbable frauds, and accusing persons of spotless reputation, he may be casting up a pal h for an ingenious speculator who quietly looks on while others play, and, while they are scuffling, slips his hand into the "pool." The commendable punctuality with which the P. and O. Co. are now delivering our mails has again given us the European news some days in advance of the stipulated time. Our readers will be pleased to see that her Majesty is once more appearing in public, and taking her place at the head of the gaieties of the Court, and that the health of the Princess of Wales is improving. The Exhibition of Paris has indirectly increased the festivities of the English capital. The Viceroy of Egypt and the Sultan have both crossed the Channel and paid a visit to the metropolis of the country to which they owe so much. The former, at a banquet in his honour, frankly acknowledged the benefit Egypt had received from English capital and enterprise, and expressed himself as a firm ally. The importance of such alliance on a footing of mutual benefit is self-evident, as the shortest line of communication between England and the East is through Egyptian territory. At our latest dates the Sultan had but just arrived, and was about to pay his first visit to the Queen. He was welcomed to the country with cordiality, but the popular enthusiasm would perhaps be misinterpreted . if it were taken to mean that the country would be willing to submit to a second edition of the Crimean war, in order to maintain the integrity of a dominion which has a diminishing vitality. On the other hand, there is as little disposition as ever, either in England or France, to see Russia snatch the prize of Constantinople. The Eastern question still lower as a cloud over Europe, though the Cretan difficulty is said to be so far temporarily disposed of as that the Sultan will accept some plan prescribed by the Great Powers, provided that the Greek volunteers are withdrawn. We are not informed, however, of the nature of this plan. The Reform Bill has at length passed through Committee, and Mr. Disraeli's patient humiliation has so far been crowned with success. The only further alterations of which we have notice are-first, that additional representation is conceded to Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds, and London, and that a proposal for a cumulative vote was rejected by a large majority. Practically, therefore, the borough suffrage will be household suffrage for every resident of twelve months who pays the rates, and for every lodger of a certain standing. Lord Derby's influence will be used to get the bill through the House of Lords, and the end of the session will witness this great question which has so long ceased successive Parliaments removed for a term of years from the arena of popular agitation. The next general election will shew how far the change in the suffrage will immediately affect the composition of the House of Commons, but the full influence of the new constituencies will only be gradually exhibited. Stimulated, probably, by the Treasury Minute on which we lately commented a new telegraphic company is projected, to connect 1 noland and India, and to extend its operations to Australia The colonial Governments will probably be applied to for assistance to this company Money not only continued to be cheap, but seems likely to become cheaper The Bank late of discount is two and a-half per cent, and is expected to go lower and this reduction in the rate of interest is contemporaneous with a similar reduction in all the great commercial centres of Europe there seems to be no com- me local speculation to absorb the accumulating capital, and the prices of all securities, we are told, are rising We may hope that our own debentures therefore may full) partake of this improvement, and that any further money we may want will be borrowed on terms much better than those on which the last loan was negotiated The wool report is perhaps better than the tenor of last month's advices led us to expect Although faulty descriptions were depreciated, the best wools keep their price, and, from the lively demand, the market has an upward look I Our curiosity as to the new Governor is now satisfied. Sir John Young's successor is to be Earl Belmore - an Irish nobleman, descended from one of the Scottish emigrant families. He seems to be a young man, that is, not more than thirty-two years of age, but not without experience, both of parliamentary and official life. The words of the Emperor of the French are reported as being most pacific ; but, for all that, the great nations are exerting themselves to the utmost to re-arm their troops. The battle of Sadowa is proving very costly to many nations who took no part in it, and the inventor of the needle gun has taxed all Europe. Confidence in the permanence of peace is not general. From America comes the sad, but not altogether unanticipated intelligence, that the ex Emperor Maximilian has been shot. The news has been transmitted by the cable, and must not be considered as absolutely reliable, although the statement that the Court has gone into mourning indicates that it is believed. The next Panama mail will probably give his positive information. The character of the wretches into whose hands the unfortunate Emperor fell leaves but small room for hope. Mr. Seward, whose diplomacy has overturned the Mexican Empire, has exerted himself to mitigate the consequences to Maximilian personally, but, as it would seem, in vain. He had set in motion a power he has not been able to control, and has given his moral support to a party which is obviously not amenable to moral restraint. There is small hope for Mexico under the government of men who have shewn themselves guilty of the atrocities which have disgraced the late Liberal victories in the country. Yet to such men have its destinies been committed by the policy of the United States as a stepping stone to ultimate annexation. The sooner the rest of the drama is gone through and the annexation completed the better it will be for the unhappy inhabitants of that territory. Something like order and security for life and property will begin whenever the Government at Washington overtly exerts the authority to which it has so long aspired. The Government of the new Dominion of Canada appears to have given offence to Americans by seizing vessels that were unlawfully plying on the St. Lawrence. The reciprocity treaty allowed the free navigation of the river to the ships of both nations, greatly to the advantage of both. But that treaty was annulled at the instigation of the American protectionists. The rights allowed under it have consequently lapsed ; but the Americans would seem to claim a right over the inland waters of Canada which they would refuse to the foreigner over the inland waters of the United States. MONUMENTAL BRASS 1 Oil ST. ANDREWS CATHE mi vi One of the most pleasing facts coincident with the revival of Gothic architecture, during the last twenty years has been the growing distaste general!) evinced by educated persons for patching the walls of ecclesiastical edifices with those hideous monumental excrescences of black and white marble (of every conceivable shape) with which our forefathers of the reign of Queen Anne and of the Georgian era were wont to signalise their bereavement, upon the walls of our churches When the ecclesiastical buildings so treated were It remand, and the quasi classic style was viewed with unqualified approval, the presence of such preposterous adornments was, of course, for the most part disregarded , and blubbering nude cherubs, in strong relief, sustaining heavy wreaths of flowers or staggering under massive cinerary urns, were looked upon with admiration or with indifference The pagan character of the whole affair being calmly considered, such mural developments (with their length) Addiecninn inscriptions) were often not so very objectionable, the more so as the majority of the structures in which they appeared were buildings of such lU-Eurpoesable ugliness that it was impossible to disfigure them On the revival of Gothic architecture, however, an invincible repugnance for all such carved abominations begun everywhere for manifest itself, and it became necessary to devise means whereby ecclesiastical edifices each by St Andrew's Cathedral, in this city, might be made to receive monuments without disfigurement Under these circum f tances the study of monumental brasses (illustrated in this colony by the Rev. Mr Creeny, of St Leonards, in several admirable lecture) was taken up, and monuments of that nature were designed and executed, reproducing the singular excellence of the " brasses " of the Middle Ages, in every respect, suitable to the exigencies of Gothic architecture Monumental brasses, to be laid down on stone floors, or affixed to side walls, have now become common in the mother country, and, instead of disfiguring, frequently impart an additional and appropriate beauty to the structures in which they are placed, as near ualsoftho dead, by the respectful affection of his living, A monumental brass of this character has been recently prepared at the works of Mr. Thomas Salisbury, of Pitt-street, engraver, which deserves some passing notice. The brass is beautifully executed in church text with a deep flounced border, left in relief, It is three feet long by one foot and a half in width , the top of the tablet being finished in the form of an area with a cruciform ornament, on a scroll in the centre is the inscription The table is to be set up in St Andrew's Cathedral, and is intended to perpetuate the memory of Mrs Sophia Campbell, formerly a resident of this city, the inscription is as follows " In memory of Sophia, the beloved wife of of Robert Campbell, Esquire for many years a member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales), who departed this life at Sydney, the 5th day of May, 1833, in her 86th year. Her children arise up, and call her blessed ' Prov xxxi 28 " CoitOMm's Ij.cii.rsT- An inquiry was held yesterday, before the City Coroner, at the Globe Hotel, respecting the death of a man named Thomas Lafhn, aged 44 years. Deceased was a frenchpolisher and resided in Grose-street, Glebe. About three months ago he suffered from palpita- tion of the heart and nervous irritability, he had since been under Dr M'Donagh's care, and enjoyed good health He had been a teetotaller for the last ten years. He left home on V Wednesday evening soon after tea, and re- turned about 12 o'clock. As he vi sb attempting to get into bed he was seized with illness. Dr. Bell was sent for and arrived at deceased's residence about half-past 4 o'clock in the morning, and remained with deceased for two or three hours. When Dr Bell arrived deceased appeared to be paralysed. Dr Bell could not speak positively as to the cause of death, but he believed that from the moment deceased was seized with the attack no remedial measures or medical aid would have been of any use Verdict, "Died from natural causes " SoiHEi: -The teetotal portion of the crew of HM S. Bruk were entertained at a tea meeting last night, in the Temperance Hall, by the No. 1 Division of the Sons of Temperance, After tea the Hon. J. B. Wilson took the chair, and stated that they were met together to welcome the total abstainers of the Brisk, He was proud to know that a teetotal society had been formed on heard that vessel, amongst men who had no watchful mother or loving w after eye to guard them from the temptation of strong drink. A programme consisting of songs and recitations was then gone through by the seamen of the Brisk, who acquitted themselves very creditably. Two complimentary addieefCB were presented by the No. 1 and No. 3 Dívíbíoub, and the proceedings then terminated with the National Anthem being (Ung. The hall was tastefully decorated with flags and ever greens, and the audience was a numerous cue. WE are requested by Messrs. Chas. Moore and Co. to direct the attention of vi nrchousenicn, drapers, storekeepers, and the trade to their continuation sale of drapery, vroollcrjB, linens, clothing, damaged frrejB, ye, this day, at 11 o'clock, at their Rooms, Pitt street. Auv. 