Our Portfolio. THE PEASANT.—A GERMAN BALLAD. BURG NIEDECK is a mountain in Alsace, high and strong, Where once a noble castle stood—the giants held it long; Its very ruins now are lost, Its site is waste and lone, And if you seek for giants there, tbey are all dead and gone. The giant's daughter once came forth the castle gate be fore, And played with all a child's delight beside her father's door; Then sauntering down the precipice the girl did gladly go. To see, perchance, how matters went in the little world below. With few and easy steps she passed the mountain and the wood, At length near Haslach, at the plaoe where mankind dwelt, she stood; And many a town and village fair, and many a field so green, Before her wondering eyes appeared—a strange and curious scene. And as she gazed, iv wonder lost, on all the scene around She saw a peasant at her feet, a-tilling of the ground; The litttle creature crawled about so slowly here and there, And lighted by the morning sun, his plough shone bright and fair. " Oh, pretty plaything !" cried the child, " I'll take thee home with me;" Then with her infant hands she spread her 'kerchief on her knee, And cradling horse, and man, and plough, all gently on her arm, She bore them home with cautious steps, afraid to do them harm. She hastes with joyous steps and quick (we know what children are), And spying soon her father out, she shouted from afar: " O father, dearest father, such a plaything I have found. I never saw so fair a one on our own mountain ground." Her father sat at table then, and drank his wine so mild, And smiling with a parent's smile, he aaki tho happy child: " What struggling creature hast thou brought so care fully to me ? Thou leap'st for very joy, my girl; come, open*, let us see." She opes her Tcerchief carefully, and gladly you may deem. And shows her eager sire the plough, the peasant, and his team; And when she placed before his sight the new-found pretty toy, She clapped her bands and screamed aloud, and cried for very joy. Bat her father looked quite seriously, and shaking alow his head, " What hast thou brought me home, my child?—this is no toy," he said; "Go, take it quickly back again, and put it down below; The peasant is no plaything, girl—how could'stthou think him so ? " So go, without a sigh or sob, and do my will," he said " For know, without the peasant, girl, we none of us had bread; " Tia from the peasant's hardy stock the race of giants are; The peasant is no plaything, «hild\\. No: Ged forbid he were !" Thbbb are some minds like either convex or concave mirrors, who represent objects such ss they receive them, but they never receive them as they are. Tbuth, which is eternally the same, has no thing to fear from the operation of conflicting opinions. She lies upon her quiet bed, at the bottom of the sea, while the surface of the ele ment that forms her gentle covering has, per chance, been agitated by many a naval conflict. " Sttmmbb is Coming."—Summer is coming," said a little girl, holding up a yellow pansy be tween her fingers. " Then the -grass wiU be green, and the lambs will be on it, and the birds will sing, the roses will blow, and I shall go into the country, and there will be no policemen there to tell me to 'get 'off the grass.'" "Summer is coming," said the poor invalid, who was propped up by pillows at the window, to look at the clouds and see the swallows flit past. " How full everything is of life, and Iso weak! Everything else so glad, and Ibo faint hearted. These Uttle birds will sing just as they do now, when I am dead. The clouds will sail by just as serenely. It is selfish to wish it were not so, and yet—to be forgotten!" " Summer is coming." Now, girls, you must plan your dresses for a seaside excursion. Your papa positively declares he won't take us abroad, but if your husbands prove to be rich, you can go anywhere you choose, you know, after the wedding. "Summer is coming. Well, it don't matter to • me," said a tired working-girl. "It has nothing for me but the din of machinery, and hot pavements, and bad smelling gutters, and a stifled attic, I can't keep clean, and lire in these poor places; and I can't respect myself, or believe that others respect me, when I look so shabby. It hurts me. It makes me cross and savage. lam only eighteen, and I foel so old; oh 1 I want my youth." " Summer is coming. To-morrow is my wedding-day. Who says this is ' a dull world ?' Dull ? with love and beauty for my portion, and plenty of money, and every body praising me and trying to give me plea sure ? What do people mean when they say thhj is a dull world ? I only hope the other is half so pleasant. I am satisfied enough with this." " Summer is coming. And last summer she was here! How fond she was of the violets; and how their perfume brings back her graceful golden head, the soft light of her blue eyes, tho graceful sweep of her figure the music, of her laugh; the dear .gliding presence, which touched everything with beauty. I could en dure the lack of it, were it always winter. But that these dumb things should irradiate earth when she is dust! should fill it with joy and* mußic and perfume, and she deaf and blind to it all! she who so rejoiced in every leaf, and bud, and blossom ? Oh, how can I be glad that ' summer has come ?'" " Summer has come." " Move out my chair into the sunshine," said a white-haired old man. " How warm it makes me. It seems such a short while since I chased the butterflies and covered them with my little torn hat. I remember most about those days, and the bird nesting, too. Ah, well, there's no winter where lam going, and no old age. I should like to die when the' summer has ooaie.'" " Summer has come," muttered the convict, in his narrow cell. " One more week is all the law allows me of life. So it don't matter. I wonder when a man fetches up at last under the gal lows, if it will be remembered in another world that he .was taught, when a child, nothing but to he and steal in this ? I wonder law makers aud philanthropists never think that it would be cheaper to pick children out of the streets, and teach them to be good and virtuous, than to build gaols and penitentaries and gib bets to punish them when they grow up ? Where shall I go this summer; and will there be mercy there ?—Fanny Fbbn, Feigned Diseases.—Human nature is some what given to "playing tho old soldier." Charity is bestowed every day upon blind men who can see, cripples who can dance, mutes who can talk, and feeble invalids capable of shoulder ing and walking off with a quarter of beef should a favorable opportunity present itself. This species of humbug is not, however, con fined to any particular rank or phase of *yfe. It has always pervaded, to a certain extent, all classes of society, and has been practised for a great variety of purposes. Ulysses, having married a pretty young woman, about the time of the commencement of the Trojan war, feigned madness to avoid being " drafted " for that en terprise ; the elder Brutus played idiot for political purposes; and " Hotspur's father, old Northumberland, Lay crafty sick," when he ought to have been on the field of Shrewsbury. Columns might be filled with the names of distinguished people, in different ages, who have counterfeited various maladies in order to escape their legitimate responsibilities, or to carry out some especial design. Nor is this kind of trickery likely to go out of fashion until the millennium shaU have ushered in the reign of Sincerity on Earth. Even the ladies ore not altogether exempt from it—inasmuch as . come of them can sham headache, hysterics, fainting fits and other sympathy-provoking ail ments at the shortest notice, when occasion re quires. Murderers and* assassins, when de tected, frequently resort to feigned disease as a means of cheating the halter—their specialty being insanity. Fortunately, medical Bcience can distinguish between the lunacy which is the visitation of God and ita 'scape-gallows counter feit. Hence the role ot madman seldom serves the red-handed felon's turn. The faculty " take the responsibility" in such cases, and the "possum playing" criminal pays the forfeit which justice exacts for the good of the com munity. Feigned diseases are among the most common swindles of the day, but none of them will stand the test of a critical and persistent investigation. | Idle, Gobsippino Women.—Women are often accused of gossiping, but we are not aware that it has ever been the subject of legal penal ties, except at St. Helena, where, among the ordinances promulgated in 1709, we find the following:—" Whereas, several idle gossipping women make it their business to go from house to house, about the island, inventing and spread ing false and scandalous reports of the good people thereof, and sow discord and debate among neighbors, and between men and their wives, to the great grief and trouble of all good and quiet people, and to the utter extinguishing of all friendship, amity and good neighborhood —for tbe punishment and suppression .thereof, to the intent that all strife may be ended, charity revived, and friendship continued, we do order that if any women, from henceforth, shall be convicted of tale-telling, mischief-mak ing, scolding, or any other notorious vice, they shall be punished by ducking or whipping, or Buch other punishment as their crimes or trans gressions shall deserve, or the governor and council shall think fit." Pbotectino the GtnxTT.—lt was an odd idea of the ancient Anglo-Saxons to make every church a safe refuge for murderers, thieves, and traitors; and it affords reasonable grounds for i supposing that their Christianity was not of the most immaculate type. Nothing short of popu lar sympathy with villains on the one hand, and a strange misunderstanding or deliberate per version of the meaning of the Scriptures, on the other, could have superinduced such a measure. The Jews, it is true, had their " cities of refuge," but they only afforded protection to the uninten tional man-slayer. There was na sanctuary among the Hebrews for the wilful homioide. The morbid compassion for great criminals which prevailed among our Anglo-Saxon pro genitors of a thousand years ago, still finds a place in the bosoms of some of their descend ants. Apologists for the most atrocious crimes are quite numerous in this Christian country, and if these over-charitable and dangerously merciful people could have their way, no doubt the sanctuary system would be revived, and "Alsatias" for the accommodaeion of cut throats and other ruffians established in all our cities. All men who are sane enough to under stand the difference between virtue and vice, are also capable of restraining their vicious propensities; and to preach or coutenance the doctrine that they are not, is to strike at the root of all moral obligation, and proclaim both the laws of Moses, and the milder precept of the gospel " cunningly devised fables. Dismal Htjmobists.—We have rather too many disciples of Momus, in literature, just now. The success of few genuine humorists has tempted whole flocks of dullards into the field of fun, and they are fast converting it into a literary cemetery, peopled with tbe ghosts of departed pleasantries. If funny lecturers and funny sketch-writers would only give us the dead jokes of long ago, in their habits as they lived, the ressurection would be more tolerable; but they dress them up to suit their own conceits, and, in so doing, take all the laugh out of them. It is the easiest thing in the world to become a "humorous lecturer," nowadays. Unblushing assurance is the main thing. A "famous reputation " gives the aspirant to waggish fame a certain prestige, and makes smooth his path before him. The "provinces" accept him at sight on the strength of his metropolitan en dorsement ; and " lyceums," " young men's associations," and " societies " with all sorts of queer names, invite him to come and lecture before them. Even if he happens to be a. " flat" with no more "Attic salt in him than there is in the Dismal Swamp, and his lecture is as destitute of originality as the multiplication table, he is listened to with attention, for country audiences are polite. His hearers may be unable to discover where the laugh comes in, but they think—Heaven help their diffidence!— that the fault must be in them not .in him—that they don't understand him. Haven't the daily York papers proclaimed his humorous delinea tions " masterly," and don't they know all about it ? Ah, good people of the rural districts, don't let the towns throw dust in the eyes of your natural shrewdness. If a peripatetic humorist makes you yawn instead of making you roar, be sure that he is a fraud, though every advertis ing press in Gotham may have given him a ' friendly paragraph. Real humor is peremptory. It compels laughter. It needs no editorial " bush "—it speaks for itself. Hbnbt Wabd Beeches on Fatjxts.—lt is difficult to define exactly what we mean by a fault. There is a popular impression, which is nearly correct, that it is a minified sin; that it is something irregular, but that it lacks in magnitude or intent something of that which goes to constitute a positive sin. In many in stances faults are simply irregularities in execu tion, are mere inattentions, negations, and al most always have this quality of being inci dental; not intentional, not proposed, or the result of passion. There are a great many who suppose that there is a merit in faults. I think they do not discriminate very wisely. It is true that perfect people are the most disagreeable and intolerable people in the world—those so called perfect men that in order not to speak wrong never speak at all, and in order not to do wrong do nothing; those cold, precise, inelastic, hard, smooth, polished people, that are re garded as perfect—by themselves. It is true that you hunger and thirst for some roughness, and you wish they would break out somehow, and seem to be human. There is an impression derived from excess in that direction, that faults are signs of a fertile nature —and, if it be so, how fertile some natures are! They are thought to be like the roughness of a rock, that are a sign of strength; like the bark on wholesome trees; like gnarls and knots on the oak; and people say that they would not want a man to have fewer faults, because there is a kind of robustness that they give. Now, there may be certain sorts of faults of whioh this is true— faults of manner, faults of irregularity; but this ought not to blind us to the moral char acter and to the effects of faults that are seated on conscience; that involve prinoiple; that touch the question of benevolence and selfish ness ; that have in them certain relations to the waste of the supply of life; that run their roots even deeper, and touch the very seat of honor, and, one may say, of character'and salvation. One of the reasons why faults are so frequent, and so little considered, must be of course a general imperfection of human nature. But the unconsciousness of men as to the details of their life while they are pursuing weighty matters —this also is a reason of the faults of which men aro the subjects. They are uncon scious of them largely because there is very little true friendship that takes upon itself the offices of true friendship. This is that which makes the household so invaluable. The father and mother love their children so much that they can tell them their faults; at any rate, till their children get so old that they know more than their parents —or think they do. There is a fidelity possible in the household without risking friendship, without risking love. And there is another kind of discipline besides this of loro—that in the school and that in public affairs. Where boys and young men are thrown together, the attrition, the intercompariaon, the angry taunt, very soon makes men aware of those social faults which are apt to be disclosed in the social circle. But there is very little friendship aside from that of the family which teaches a man after he gets out of the school and out of the family what his faults are. How many persons do you know, each of you, to whom you would go and ask: " Will you tell me honestly what you think to be my principal faults ?"—that is, persons that you think have sagacious judgment enough to know, and per sons that are so kind that you can afford to have them know. There stands a command in the Word of God, " Confess your faults one to another;" but for the most part men are sel fish, and the Christian duties of life are so little inculcated and practised in social relations that one does pot dare to confess his faults to his neighbor. .He says: "If I should it would be putting a club in his hand, and by and by he would strike me with it. He would get angry with me, and the facts would come out. Or, their would be a competition in business, and he would use them to my disadvantage. It is not safe." And the judgment is right. There are very few people that it is safe to trust. There are very few men whose judgment of your faults is one that it would be safe for you to trust. And so from these various infirmities of men we grow up with clustering faults. Many of them reach to the very vital points of char acter. And no man speaks to us of them. Yotog Ladies' Poetry.—To "lisp in num bers " is as natural to boarding-school young ladies of a sentimental turn as it is for doves to coo or ducklings to swim. Of these inoipient Sapphos the name is legion, and they write | voluminously for the press, regardless of rejec | tion as well as of expense in the matter of i French note-paper, tinted envelopes, and postage I stamps. With a few dashing exceptions, there | is a remarkable sameness in their choice of i subjects and manner of treating them. Nine out of ten of them indulge in tender melancholy ! and write in a " wish-I-may-die " vein that is I wonderfully touching to the unsophisticated. As a rule, they seem to covet an early grave, but their apparent anxiety to wrap the drapery of their couches 'round them, and lie down to pleasant dreams, must not be taken literally. The pleasant idea appears to occur to them that "afterlife's fitful fever " they will be appreciated as they deserve, and that a regretful world will feel that it has entertained angels Unawares. This is an agreeable notion to work out in rhyme. It enables the neglected daughters of song to take an imaginary posthumous revenge on an idiotic community for failing to discover their gifts until too late. It is satisfactory to know, however, that a large proportion of the young ladies who give their minds to Sapphic poesy, in their 'teens, eventually make exem* plary wives and mothers, and laugh, in their maturity, at the rhymes of their girlhood. Laughter (says the 5. M. Herald of Satur day laBt) is seldom regarded as a reprehensible emotion. It is usually a wholesome and inno cent expression of contentment and cheerfulness, and as such is for the most part favored rather than contemned. It appears, however, that justice, with characteristic blindness, fails to recognise the merits of laughter. Hence a law court is looked upon by the non-legal world as a place of bitterness and gloom. Levity ven tures not within that hallowed precinct. The privileged ministers of justice, it is true, do occasionally put on motley and furbish up fag ends of drollery for their own amusement; but the gravity of the spectators is in nowise en dangered by these witticisms, which are generally of such mysterious import that the vulgar com prehend them not. The general effects of courts of law are depressing. The proceedings are not often of a lively or inspiriting character, and in fact we may say that there is no joke at all about them. Occasions do arise, however, when, even within the debilitating atmosphere of a Criminal Court, the laughter of vivacious persons may be excited. Such a case occurred in the small court, at Darlinghurst, yesterday. Two persons of truculent aspect, and possessing dreadfully ill- regulated minds, were so much tickled by some joke or other, that they actually laughed in the face of Justice herself! Utterly unmindful of their position, they audaoiously ventured on a titter! An ominous and awful pause recalled them to a sense of their iniquity. They had laughed at an unfortunate. The Judge, who was administering a highly acid lated drop of judicial eloquence, to the jury, bent his gaze upon the culprits, and threatened them with peine forte et dure for contempt of Court. His Honor was evidently under the impression that the misguided men had laughed at him. One of the delinquents, however, ex plained that such was not the case, and the majesty of justice was appeased. , Loko Sebxohs.—" Who is going to preach to- morrow morning, Mrs. Boyce?" "Mr. Swanton will preach in the morning." " Tell him not to be long, because of the children's pudding. Tell Mr. Boyce if he is long, we won't any of us come next Sunday." "My dear, how can you say such wicked- things ? I shall not tell him anything of the kind." " That's not wicked, Mrs. Boyce. If I were to say I had eaten so much lunch that I didn't want any din ner, you'd understand that. If Mr. Swanton will preach for three- quarters of an hour-——" " He only preached for three-quarters of an hour Mrs. Boyce, becoming very serious. " Look at my uncle; he doesn't like to go to Bleep, and he has to suffer a purgatory in keeping himself awake." " If your uncle is heavy, how can Mr. Swanton help it ? If Mr. Dale's mind were on the subject hs would not sleep." " Come, Mrs. Boyce; there's, somebody else sleeps sometimes besides my uncle. When Mr. Boyce puts up his finger and just touches^his nose, I know aa well as possible why he does it." "Lily Dale, you have no business to say so. It is not true. I don't know how yon can bring yourself to talk in that way of your own clergyman. If I were to tell your mamma she would be shocked." "You won't be so ill-natured, Mr. Boyce—after all that I've done for the church." "If you'd think more about the clergyman, Lily, and less about the church," said Mrs. Boyce, very sen tentiously, "more about the matter and less about the manner—more of the reality and less of the form—l think you'd find that your reli gion would go further with you. Miss Crawley is the daughter of a clergyman, and I'm sure she'll agree with me." "If she agrees with anybody in scolding me I'll quarrel with her." " I didn't mean to scold you, Lily." " I don't mind it from you, Mrs. Boyce. Indeed, I rather like it. It is a sort of pastoral visitation ; and as Mr. Boyce never scolds me himself, of course I take it as coming from him by attorney." Then there was silence for a minute or two, during which Mrs. Boyce was endeavoring to discover whether Miss Dale was laughing at her or not. As she was not quite certain, she thought at last that she would let the suspected fault pass unobserved. "Don't wait for us, Mrs. Boyce," said Lily. "We must remain till Hopkins has sent Gregory to sweep the church out and take away the [rubbish. We'll see that the key is left at Mr. Giles's." " Thank you, my dear. Then I may aa well go. I thought I'd come in and see that it was all right. I'm sure Mr. Boyce will be very much obliged to you and Miss Crawley. Good night, my dear." " Good night, Mrs. Boyce; and be sure you don't let Mr. Swanton be long to morrow." To this parting shot Mrs. Boyce made no rejoinder; but she hurried out of the church somewhat the quicker for it, and closed the door after her with something of a slam. Of all persons, clergymen are the most irreverent in the handling of things supposed to be sacred, and, next to them, clergymen's wives, and after them, those other ladies, old or young, who take upon themselves semi-clerical duties. And it is natural that it should be so; for is it not said that familiarity does breed contempt ? When a parson takes his lay friend over his church on a week day, how much less of the spirit of genu flexion aud head-uncovering the clergyman will display than the layman! The parson pulls about the woodwork and knocks about the stone work, as though it were mere wood and stone; and talks aloud in the aisle, and treats even the reading-desk as a common thing; whereas, the "visitor whispers gently, and carries himself as though even in looking at a church he was bound to regard himself as performing some service that was half divine. Now Lily Dale and Grace Crawley were both accustomed to churches, and had been so long at work in this church for the last two days, that the building had lost to them much of its sacredness, and they were almost as irreverent as though they were two curates. "lam so glad Bhe is gone," said Lily. "We shall have to stop here for the | next hour, as Gregory won't know what to take away and what to leave. I was so afraid she was going to stop and Bee us off the premises." " I don't know why you should dislike her." "I don't dislike her. I like her very well," said Lily Dale. " But don't you feel that there are people whom one knows very intimately, who are really friends, —for whom if they were dying one would grieve, whom if they were in misfortune one would go far to help, but with whom for all that one can have no sympathy. And yet they are so near to one that they know all the events of one's life, and are justified by unquestioned friendship in talking about things which should never bo mentioned except where sympathy exists." " Yea; I understand that." " Everybody understands it who has been un happy. That woman sometimes Bays things to me that make me wish, —wish that they'd make him bishop of Patagonia. And yet she does it all in friendship, and mamma says she is quite right." " I liked her for standing up for her husband." " But he does go to sleep,—and then he scratches his nose to show that he's awake. I shouldn't have said it, only she is always hinting at uncle Christopher. Uncle Christo pher certainly does go to sleep when Mr. Boyce preaches, and he hasn't studied any scientific little movements during his slumbers io make the people believe that he ia all alive. I gave hi-n a hint one day, and he got so angry with me I"—Anthony Trollope. 