A CHANCERY LUNATIC. 1 (From Ike SáturitnyTJtvUw.) *. ' .* '/] The admirers of Mr. Reade's novels are *^familiat_with .tbo.opinlonjvhjpjLlip_h^Jds}^lmt tho law ¡of/lunacy; is systenjatio^líy.njade'op instrument of 'oppression*and wrong. Indeed, . it would appear,;that this, opinion, is not^held hy Mr.'Rendo.exclusively. TUcré is, or was'i' in existence: a Lunatics'. Protection Society, which was got up by a gentleman who . had \- teen confined,'n's lie considered wrongfully, in an-asylum. Coses cohstantly._ócour in v<jhioh " it is allegad; not only by, lunatics but by BOOIO of their friends, that restraint is cruel and un \- necessary. Evidence is usually forthcoming in . Buoh oases that tho person ' so restrained is', , in tho opinion of the deponents, rational and " ''inoffensive ; and, in faot, a . person whom it ".would bo rather pleasant than other wiso to -have foran inmate of ono's house. Such' evi \- dence, may,-at the time it js given, bo difficult ' io explain or contradict, but it has happened before : now .that lunatics , have .become con- vinced of that lunaoy which their friends have doubted, and have voluntarily returned to the very condition of restraint from whioh ..well-intended but mistaken., efforts 'have -delivered them. Tho story of a protracted case of lunaoy may almost always bo told in two ways, and if may be interesting to take a case which lately came before tho Court; of Chancery, ana toole at it lirst from the popular \--and sentimental, and afterwards , from the legal, point of view. Assuming as \- much as we can of the mental,attitude of >the sensation novolist, we will begin.by stating 'that Mr. James Tovey, now aged thirty-eight years, was educated at Eton and Oxford, and afterwards at St. Bees' Collego. being 'destinad for holy orders. In 1853, Mr. "Tovey.-being thon twcnty:four years of age, ,was residing for tho ,vacotion at ,Doal, where he formed an attachment to a young German lady. His father, OoloDel Tovey, hearing of this affair, ordered him to London, and shortly afterwards placed him in a lunatic, asylum in Epping Forest, where ho remained upward of three years. Whether he at that timo showed lunaoy only by falling in love with tho-young German lady, or by other and what BigDa, we aro not informed. In 1856 he was removed to -aaothor asylum near Staf- ford, which is managed bj Dr, How eon, and ho regained thero about five years. Early in 1862 tho trustees appointed by his .father, who was now dead, acting under «minent advice, causod him to bo removed to the privato residence of a surgeon at Dover, whero he enjoyed free exercise in tho open air. Aftor a year's trial of this modo of lifo it was -considered expedient to relievo him from all Testraint, and to allow him to reside with his sister, who, after occupying one or two tempo- rary abodes, went to live, in October 1803, at Goring, in Oxfordshire. The life which he was permitted to load at Goring seems to have agreed with him vory well, lie was almost constantly rowing on thc Thames, which flows past the village, and he was very active iii skating and swimming during tho appropriate seasons. The inhabitants of Goring and tho adjacent villages have testi- fied that Mr. Tovoy's conduct whilo he dwelt among them was quiet, harmless, and, accord- ing to their judgment, sano; and there seems -to havo been no reason why Mr. Tovey should not have been dwelling among thom still, but, unhappily for this poor gentleman, his uncle died last year, and ho succeeded to a largo fortuno, whioh oaused tho Court of Chancery to take an increased interest in thc disposition of hÍB person and estate. On February 24, 1866, Mr. Tovey was taken to the asylum kept by Dr. Hewson, near Stafford, whero he had been confined before. On March 4 following, his uncle died, and ho becamo entitled to what nay bo called, in a new sense, damnosa horedttas, in tho shapo of an entailed estate, amounting to about «£2000 a yenr,anda sum of j£60,000 whioh lind been accumulated for tho purchase of other estates. On May 4 a Com- mission of Lunaoy was bold at tho asylum, by a commissioner, without a jury, nnd without tho presenco of any lawyer on behalf of Mr. Tovey/ and ho was found a lunatic. But tho strangest party of this story is yot to como. On July 28th Dr. Howson took a number of his patients, among whom was lMr. Tovey, to Scarborough, for the benefit of sea air and bathing. Ile was allowed to wandor at hi's will all day, giving a promise to return at night. During his wanderings ho met a lady. Tiret hp looked, next ho raised his hat, and thou li 3 spoke. Tho lady did not ropulso this overture, and why should sho ? Many flirta- tions, producing somo marriages, arise at Scarborough ; and if thero is to bo no begin- ning, it must bo impossible to reach the de- sirable end. "Wo bolioro that tho correct -thing is for tho gentleman who 6oeks tho introduction to make acquaintance with tho lady's brother or other male friend, which may bo done while lathing, or by offering or asking a light for a cigar, lint if tho lady has only feuialo iriends, it would scorn that lier admirer must keep his admiration to himself, and seo her completo her month's vit.it and depart wi hout .having told his love, unless sho should happen to drop lier glovo upon tho Esplanade, or moot with Borne other aooidant which may justify interposition on her behalf without tho provious ceromony of introduction. It appears that in tho caso nndor consideration tho lady had a brother j BO, if Mr. Tovey, had boon patient, ho might hnvo attained his obj cot with strict regard to conventionality. But Mr. Tovoy was not patient. Ho spoke to tho lady, and she did not refuso to listen. But wo know (hat little sins lead to great, sins, and accordingly this 'lady, who had boen less rogardftil than sho should havo been of tho conventional etiquette of Scarborough, did not hesitato, a fow days afterward, to commit a contempt of the Court of Clinnoory. If a youDg woman docs not fear oithor Mrs ; Grundy or' tho Lords Jus- tices,, sho ÍB not likely to rogard anything that wo may say, and therefore wo ¡will Bay 'nothing. But tho beginning; having been mado, Mr. Tovoy proceeded rapidly to tko :end. ; Ho explained fully his position, aud stated frankly that ho wanted somebody who ^.wnuM-.take an .intcroB.t in^ him and{ seo him righted. Tho lady :aid'-'not lind that ho WOB. mad,,, but on thc contrary, thought him » vory nico young man. Her fiionds approved the step ,-which ; sho resolved to take, and ' accordingly, on August 27th, a Stn arri age ceremony was performed between horjanlí Mr. : Tcvey at Claremont Chapel, Scarborough, Tho brido and bridegroom spout tho day together, bat Mr. Tovey yielded to the obli- gation - to-return to^ 'his.appointed place with the fi'dplity of tho Ghost in " Hamlet." At 0 o'clock ih the evening ho rendered himself HfBrrffowson's~housB;-and~nexfc-day~he'waB takon baok to the asylum in Staffordshire, so that he-saw -his-bride-no-more.--A secret cor-, respbndenco./was kept up between them .for^ some weeks, but it was afterwards discovered , arid stopped The lady's friends, acting on tho'authority whioh they allege them- selves,to have received from Mr. Tovey, liovo; presented a petition to the Lord Chancellor, asking that tho finding of Mr.'TOvey lunatio by commission, may be superseded, or, at the least, that his condition may bo ameliorated by removing him from tho asylum, and re- storing him to that enjoyment of, air and liberty which was allowed at Gpring. They produce evidence of olergymcn and other respectable persons, among whom Mr. To'vey had dwelt upwards of two years/ to provo that ho is not mad at all, or at any rate, that his madness is neither dangerous nor disagreeable ; and they urge against restraint the argument whioh has often been urged bofore, that to .put a man into a madhouse is enough to make him mad. All readers will probably agree that they have now had laid before them tho outlines of a story excellently adapted for embellishment by an artist of Mr. Reade's schocl. Sonio readers are probably indignant at tho treat- ment which Mr. Tovey has undergone, and expect to be informed that tho Court of Chan- cery has ordored his.release. Rut the Lords Justioos, before whom tho petition came last week, not only did not accede to it, but testi- fied a strong inclination to do what may bo figuratively described as wiping their boots in it. And it is proper to say th»t the Court hod good legal reasons for what it did. The evidence of inhabitants of Goring as to Mr. Tovey's sanity was answered by the remark that thero never was a disputed case in which such evi- dence was not forthcoming. Delusions.may exist which justify the imputation of insanity, and yet tho alleged lunatio may mingle in social intercourse without betraying that ho is possessed by them. The Court, when called upon to decide between such evidence and that adduced in support of a commission,' 'may either examino the lunatio'itself or may appoint for that purpose a physician of .emi- nent skill who is above suspicion of partiality. In Mr. Tovoy's case tho latter course had'beea adopted, and the Lords Justices stated that the physician's report satisfied them of his in- sanity. Whatever else may bo said of the jurisdiction'exeroised over lunatics in Chan- cery, it must be admittod that the distinguished judges who exercise it aro actuated by a con- scientious desire to do right. . They must either proceed by the light of their own intel- ligence, or they must seek the best assistance which the medical profession can supply. Tho popular belief that what aro called mad doctors will prove anybody to be mad is not destitute of foundation. But the Lords Justices can only take medical science as they lind it. Thero is, however, no difficulty in crediting the statement that tho committee of tho lunatic's person is the proper judge of matters relating to his health and comfort, and unless it could bo shown that thc committee had misbehaved or was unworthy of trust tho Court would not inter- fere. A petition presented in tho lunatic's name by friends of the lady who had ven- tured, in defiance of tho Court, to go through a ceremony of marriage with him, was not, strictly speaking, entitled to bo heard. Such persons could hayo no proper locus standi icforo the Court. It was urged that Mr. Tovey showed himself a month ago to bo indisputably mad. Tho only question is whether, if ho was only disputably mad when ho lived at Goring, it might not be better that he should be allowed to live there again. Tho technical answer to this question is that whoever asked for tho lunatic's enlargement, tho Court ought to grant it in tho hope, which experienoo showed to bo well founded, that his mental and bodily health would be im- proved. But tho Court answered that thero was small encouragement to allow liberty, seeing how it had been abused at Scarbo- rough. Tho conclusion of tho Lords Justices is, from.their point of view, irrefragable ¡ but it may perhaps be permissible to draw attention to some considerations which appear applica- ble to cases of this kind, although they are not drcamod of in the philosophy of Lincoln's Inn. We will venturo to ask whether that which was done at Scarborough was really so very shocking as a Lord Justice thinks it. May wo bo allowed, without disrespcot, to hint that possibly the lady before-mentioned could manago Mr. Tovoy bettor than the Lord Chancellor and Lords Justices, with tho help of tho Masters in Lunacy, secretaries, and clerks ? It may be that for this purposo a bonnet covers moro true wisdom than any number of full bottomed nnd other wigs. Wc havo not bofore us tho medical opinions given upon Mr. Tovey's paso, and therefore wo shall not presume to form any deoisive judgment on it. But we can easily supposo a case which is technically one of insanity, but which, under judicious management, might pass from tho oradlo to tho gravo as ono of eccentricity or infirmity of charaotor. If a young gentleman who is not very strong in tho bead falls in love with a young Gorman lady who plays seductively upon a oithcrn, and if the young lady is willing, and tho young gentleman's friends cnn affordto allow thom a maintenance, by all means'let them marry ; and it is probable that during thoir joint lives tho world will hoar nothing about lunacy in tho gentleman. But paternal authority interposes, and makos all tho son's future lifo miserable. And whon tho fa tb or's control terminates by his death,'tho Court of. Chancery stops into bis place, and with tho best intentions, and acting upon established rules, makos tho son's last state moro wrotokod than his first. The proceedings in tho matter of a luhatia who has a largo ostato aro'.con-' ducted with all tho solemn nnd cumbrous' for- mality to which English iawyers arjo so deri voutly . attached. t Such proceedings .' are profitable, to .the practitioner's concerned,' and beneficial .to, tho lunatic's heir-at-law pnd next of kin, for whom his estate is proscrrod and augmonted, and tho only parson1 wtyo^suffors under " them'.is tho -'lunatic 'himsolfi ' ' Thorè can be no 'question' that tho Court(doeô/its beBt.according td its lighcs and tho plowers at its command, but it is easy to conceiver,oaso, in tfhioh"it might heartily be wishodjthat tho Court could hayo let tho lunatio alone. Tho unfortunate Mr. 'íovoy scorns to come nour to realising that oase whioh 'has been 'sometimes treated as impossible-namely, tho oase of a man who has been undone by having a largo estate loft to him. Ono of th« clorioal .depo- nen ts -whoso affidavit was read .to_tlio_Oourt ?fltatodHha.t durjng Mr.; .Tovey's ?Tesidence at Gomig ho -regularly_attendcd. the ivfiernooh ?services in the .church ofr the adjoining parish of Stokej,as ala#-iliô/iérT|ôçè '(mattie t Sairitá* day evenings in all weathers, " and for (these, .and other reasons ho appeared . to mo to. bo a devout and religious, man." < Thero are | per- haps . people who consider ' that1 a man j who gpss' to '«huron, ' on . jS iipts'-days gives prima facie ovidence of ; hU insanity ; and such people may possibly fool thankful that Mr. Tovey, being' immured in an asylum, is protected against indulg- ing a tendonpy iwhioh seems . to havo existed in his mind^towards Ritualism. It was gravely propounded on one Bide" as evidence of insanity, and denied on the other, that Mr. Tovey put'on board his boat alargo image of the Virgin Mary, and;rowed it up; -and down the Thames. But if such evidence could suffice to prove .madness, sailors > of 'the south of Europe aro, and always have" been, mad. Another deponent, who was chief constable and parish officer of Goring, istated that ho had been out boating with, Mr. Tovey on, tho Thames, and went with Kim to tho Walling- ford regatta: " He rowed mc there arid back." If Mr. Tovey had been-' a "dangerous Jun a tic, the worthy chief constable and parish olHoor would havo been in a position calcu- lated to excite lively anxiety in tho minds of all inhabitants -of Goring. Tho same depo- nent says that during all. the time .he knew Mr, Tovey, which was nearly three years, he always found him to be quiet and orderly. " Ho never got into any trouble or disturb- ance, and I never heard him use any violent or bad language." , Another important feature in this case was that tho only act of violence whioh was distinctly alleged against Mr. Tovey was one- whioh might vory easily havo been committed by a perfectly sane man. It would show vory small acquaintance with the character of mental disease to ¡argue from such evidence as has been quoted that the finding of Mr. Tovey's insanity by the Commissioner ought to be set aside. But it is possible that, if Mr. Tovey's rich undo had not died, he would at this moment havo been occupied in aquatic amusements on the Thames on week days, and in going three times to church, at Goring or adjoining parishes, on Sundays, The Lords Justices stated £700 a year is now allowed for Mr. Tovey's maintenance, and that they were satisfied that.nothing could be done for his comfort and happiness more than,is done at the asylum. It may bo assumed as probable that, if Mr. Tovey were allowed to live at Goring as little cared for hy tho Court as in the days when ho was comparatively poor, tho sea-nymph whom he met last autumn would become a river-.nympb. The result here indicated is doubtless shock- ing to proprioty, and wo aro quito sure that tbe wig of any Lord Chancellor, past or pre- sent, would stand on end at the bare thought of it. But perhaps the system over which those learned dignitaries preside is a little too elevated and spiritual for the< capacity of average human nature. A lunatio cannot marry, and sooietj would call his cohabitation with a woman by an ungly name. There aro infinitely various forms and degrees of lunacy, and we must once moro guard ourselves against being sup- posed to pronounce an opinion upon the case of Mr. Tovey., But that case suggest that it is possible for tho Court of Chancery to take a man who has a large fortune, and is in che prime of lifo, but a little touched in the head, and make a moak of him ; and then ropott to itself that the comfort and happiness of the lunatio have been effectually provided for at an expenditure of £700 a-year. 