ANOTHER 'ENOCH ABDEN.' [From the Glasgow Daily Herald .'} If Tennyson wasted a case to prove the possibility of the incident upon which bis latest poem 'Enoch Arden' is founded, we are in the position of being able to supply him with one, tbe scene of which is laid in this city, and which we have taken particular care to authenticate. In the month of March, 1858, the dead body of a man was found floating in tbe Clyde, somewhere above the bridges, and taken to the Humane Society's Receiving House, where it lay for identification. It carioasly happened at this very time tbat two men went a-missmg in Glasgow, the husbands respectively of Mrs. S and Mrs. T. A gentleman, a friend of the latter woman, knowing- of the strange absenee of Mr. T., called at tbe dead- house to look at the corpse of the drowned man, which was considerably decom posed, and could only be identified by marks not wholly dependent on corporeal preservation. After a minute inspection this gentleman came away con vinced that tbe body was unquestionably that of Mr. T., to whose wife or widow he communicated his conviction. Unwilling, however, to believe that her husband either by accident or design bad come to such an end, the woman at first declined to visit the dead-Bouse for the purpose of setting the matter at rest. Bat the propriety of her doing so was presented to her in so strong a light that she at length con sented to accompany her friend, although she still held ont against the possibility of the dead body being that of her husband. She could not, of coarse, be otherwise than satisfied of tbe troth of her belief, when on arriving at the dead-boose it was found that the corpse had been already claimed by the other woman as the body of her husband, who bad also gone a-miasing. This pat an end for the time to the more serious aide of Mrs. T.'s anxiety, and she re turned borne therefore comparatively comforted — her relief, however, being the measure of the apparently authentic widow's grief. It will serve to show the certainty of this woman as to tbe identity of tbe corpse she had claimed and taken home, when we mention that she applied for and received six or seven pounds of fbneral money from the Liver Society, of which her husband bad been a member. Tbe remains of the man were buried in due coarse, and the widow moorned as for the death of one wbom she should sever again 'behold. Little did she or 'ber friends dream of the remarkable manner in which the genu ineness of her sorrow, was to be speedily tested. In these days no person expects to see a ghost; neither did Mrs. S expect to see one shortly after tbe funeral of the drowned man ; but if for one awful moment about this time she was under tbe impression that she saw the ghost of ber husband, die might well be excused, for that husband, ia proprid perstmd, did actually on one evening open the door of bis own boose, and walk quietly into the presence of his really terrified wife. It thus became clear that it was tbe corpse of some other man which the dutiful wife had buried. So far, therefore, there was no death in this family, bat death was in the wind, and would not be baulked of some further prey. That prey was not far to seek ; for it appears tbat this poor creature, at the time of her husband's disappearance, was in some what delicate health, and the shock she received at the sudden and totally unexpected apparition of his proper self affected her so profoundly, both physically and mentally, that it was regarded as tbe proximate cause of her death, which took place not long after «ards. The husband also sickened and died, and the origin of bis malady was at the time pointedly attri buted to the unfortunate part be had acted in tiie affair of his wile's death, of which be was in so large a measure the unintentional cause. Thus ends tbe tragic prologue to oar present story. The case now stood thus : — As the body which had been burie was not that of the person it was pre sumed to be, and it was still otherwise unclaimed, tbe question arose — might it not, after all, bave been tbe corpse ot Mr. T. whose wife was so unwilling to believe that her husband wos dead t Probability was certainly in favour of such presumption; and the gentleman whom we have mentioned as having in spected the body of the drowned man, and who was personally acquainted with Mr. T., returned to his original belief, holding it more tcauaansly than ever, as to the identity of the corpse. Naturally, of course, tbe arguments which Mrs. T. formerly repelled as inadequate, now received some colour of authenticity from the new circumstances. We shall briefly refer to these arguments, which, as w31 be seen in tbe sequel, are carious in a threefold sense. In the first place, the husband of Mrs. T. was of short statore, and stout. So was the husband of the other woman, and so was the body of the drowned man. In tbe next place, Mrs. T.'e husband wore, when be disap peared, a neck scarf of a certain pattern. The husband of tbe other woman wore an exactly similar scarf, and so did the body that was picked from tbe Clyde. Again, Mr. T. was known, when be leit borne, to have one of his boots patched in a peculiar manner. One of the boots of the other woman's, husband was also patched in the same style, and of the boots worn by the dead body, one of them was patched exactly like that of the other two. These triple coincidences were, however, rather curious than marvellous or convincing as arguments. Thousands of men are short and stout; thousands of men wear cravats of a similar pattern; and thousands of men wear their boots in the same manner, and are therefore obliged to have them patched in a similar style. Another small coincidence may be added. Mr. T. was known to bave been a regular reader of Sej/aohTs Miscel lany, and a copy of tbat periodical was foand in tbe coat pocket of the drowned man when he was taken from the river. But all such f cte pot together, used as arguments, most ever be inclusive in cases so serious as the identity of a human body. Tbe most singular coincidence in tbe present affair, however, remains to be indicated. We have already said that the body was a good deal decomposed. This was particularly true of the face, bat otl'er parts were better preserved, and especially the left hand, the thumb of which at the bowl was unusually enlarged. Now, this was a particular feature of T.'s left baud, and when the gentleman whose connection with the affair we have already mentioned went to view the body, one of the first things he did was to examine the left band to see what size of thumb he had there. His surprise and grief was great indeed when be discovered this remarkable feature on tbe band of the dead man, which at once convinced him tbat the body be saw there was tbat of bis friend. Bat here sgain beeins the angularity of the matter. The husband of the other woman had also an exaggerated thumb; and it was in fact partly, ii not wholly, by this mark that she identified the body as iiat ot her TOtBBWg partner. Thus, then, the return of one hus band, as above detailed, proved that he at least bad escaped a watery grave ; while the continued absence of the other husband greatly strengthened tbe pro bability that the corpse claimed and boned under another name, and no account of which funeral \- money had been received, was the body of Mr. T, These instances, as we have already said, occurred in -tbe -spring of 1858. When Mrs. T/s husband disappeared, sue was not only left wholly unprovided for, in a worldly point of view, but die bad two yotmg children to increase the weight of ber responsi bility and deepen her subsequent sorrow; for after this event ber course of life was one continual straggle with adversity, in which she was for some time de feated in every point. It is neither permissible nor is it necessary to repeat ber story up to the present year, bat if it were so it would present too paintal a picture for pleasant reading. Two or three points will suffice to link the past with the present. la the first place, Mrs. T.'s two children died, one alter the other, under circumstances of an exceedingly sad nature. These deaths were like new blows dealt upon old bat still open scars — no tidings, eveu the faintest trace, of ber absent husband having reached her from any quarter. The weary laborious months lengthened themselves into years, yet still no tidings; and at last the poor woman began to think tbat ber friend was right in his persistent declaration that it was her husband who was drowned in the Cljde. Slowly as other years passed away without bringing tbe slight est hint of tbe absent one, her unwilling fears that she was indeed a widow hardened themselves iuto actual conviction. There was nevertheless a clinging element of doubt in her mind, and she repelled for a time certain suitors who would williugly bave made made her a wife a second time ; tor she was still comparatively yonug, and rather good looking. By the beginning of the present year, however, all hope had died out of her heart that she should ever again see her husband alive in this world. She believed, in fact, that he was dead, and this belief was deepened by a circumstance which occurred in March last. The gentleman wbo had taken sneb an interest in her case, and wbo bad seen the body of ber drowned husband, as he supposed, died of consumption. But on his- death-bed he in tbe most solemn manner reiterated to ber his unshaken belief tbat Mr. T. was dead, and assurred her that she might, with a good conscience before God, take another husband. It was now -eight years since tbe disappearance of Mr. T. She at length fully believed herself a widow, and consented to marry a second time. Bat even then, in order to dissipate the possibility of doubt, the widow, before the marriage, visited her first husband's relatives in Ayrshire, to make sure that they knew or bad heard nothing of tbe long-absent man. They assured ber that they were as absolutely in the dark as herself regarding tbe fate of their friend. This was enough. She returned home to Glasgow satisfied, was married to Mr. M., her second husband, in the beginning of April last, and, np till within two months ago,' was living happily with him. By these successive statements, tbe reader is pro bably prepared to learn that this sadly true tale of mystery culminates in a peculiar manner and at perhaps the unluckiest stage of it. This, we confess, is the unfortunate fact; for abont six or eight weeks since the husband who was supposed, and aot without fair circumstantial evidence, to hare been drowned in the Clyde, presented himself suddenly in Glasgow. The effect of his coming may be imagined. No ghost from the grave conld bave startled more tbe person upon wbom be first called, enquiring after bis wife. It seemed an extraordinary ease of tbe ' dead alive.' Tbe surprise was speedily over on the one side, and it was soon the absentee's turn to be surprised when, in reply to a question, he was informed that bis wife was certainly living, but married to another man, though how be could be surprised at any fate which might bave befallen tbe poor creature it is not easy to couceive, considering that she had been deserted eight years and a half before, and left penniless, reseurceless, almost friendless, and with two children. We have now reached delicate ground, and desire to speak with all circumspection. Sot much more ia the meantime, however, remains to be added. The returned husband and his wife — a wife in a double sense — had ef coarse an interview, the natnie of which may be partly conceived when we say that for pathos the great master of sensationalism could not in his finest moods approach it. It was a peculiarly cruel position for the wife, who had for so many years toiled and suffered, and only at tbe last moment got into something like smooth water. The question will naturally occur — Where was the husband all this time ? Simply in England, quietly pursuing bis trade, and we may presume, living a comparatively comfortable life. We say nothin : about bis motives for such conduct, although we have heard something about them ; but the mere fact of such a prolonged absence in a land of railways, post-offices, and tele graphs, without communicating to bis wife or friends a single syllable as to his whereabouts, has by no means a very comely appearance. Tbe wife has twenty defences, bat for sach conduct on the part of the husband there seems no defence whatever. As, however, we have at present nothing to do with the JSgal or matal bearings of the case, we suspend the narrative; bat in doing bo it may be permissible to hope that the parties concerned in it may be actuated by the spirit of wisdom should any attempt be made to unsettle present arrangements — which we humbly think would be nnadvisable, for reasons of a perfectly guessable nature. Who the man was whose body was found in the Clyde, and who so closely resembled two other men, then alive, is likely to remain a mystery for ever. 