TOPICS OF THE DAY. Telegraphic communication beyond Kapunda is interrupted On Wednesday evening His Excellency entertained the members of the Lee-dative Council, the Judges, the military officers, and other gentlemen at dinner, at Government House. A debate has begun in the House of Assembly, on a motion for the repeal or amendment of "Sutherland's Act" The dis cussion is adjourned. As will be seen from the debate some very conflicting opinions were ex pressed. Several letters and verbal remon strances baring been received by the Town Clerk against the burning of lime on the ground of the Roman Catholic Church, North Ade laide, the Yen. Archdeacon Russell has been notified that the thing cannot be allowed The Wallaroo Times says :—" H.E.H. the sailor Duke must come to Wallaroo, or he will omit seeing one of the most important parts of the colony. The Galatea would look well lying afloat in our bay, and we hope we shall have the pleasure of seeing her here about the end of September." "Rip Van Winkle" was repeated for the third .time this week at the Theatre last night, and -gaindraw a good house. The pc_foiui__ce went off with the usual spirited success, and drew forth the well-earned plaudits of the delighted audience. The same pieces will be repeated to-night The mischievous tricks of last year are [ again being played in North Adelaide. Some garden gates, of Palmer-place, having on Tues day evening been unhooked and placed on the | ground, thereby exposing the gardens to the ravages of cattle. We trust that the guilty persons will cease playing their pranks, as they may be made to pay severely for them, for we undo stand several persons have determined to be on the watch to punish them. In consequence of tjie very little shipping at the Pert the trade there is suffering much, and great distress for want of employ is manifest amongst the laboring men, sevend hundreds of whom have not earned anything for the last ten days. The only vessels loading, with the exception of a few coasting vessels, are the Alchymist, Knight of Snowdnn, Indus, and Waterlily; and discharging, the Alexander, Contest, Exonia, and John Paul. In fact, the number, of vessels for foreign | and colonial ports now in harbor - only total a dozen. The wharfs and stream appear almost deserted The arrival of the j Lucie, sugar ship, from Bourbon, yesterday, caused the greatest excitement amongst agents, storekeepers, and laborers, hundreds of the | latter surrounding tiie ship on her arrival in harbor on the chance of a job for unloading. This instance shows a very unhealthy state of matters, and it is to be hopedi that' expected arrivals may soon put in an appearance, when it is trusted the interests of Port Adelaide may improve, if not it behoves the Government to push forward works in tiie neighborhood. Tbe mal-ing 0 f the military road from the Semaphore to Glenelg j would at the present time be agreat boon to the '• Port By this means those of the resident laboring classes now out of employ would have something to do until matters improved The laying of the foundation-stone of the Roman Catholic Church at Wallaroo Bay took place last Sunday. A large concourse of persons assembled to witness the ceremony, including many from Kadina and Moonta. Mass was said in the Wooden chapel in the morning. Shortly after its conclusion a little before noon, the Very Rev. J. Smyth, the Rev. Mr. Rey-' nolda, aud the Rev. Mr. Kennedy issued from. the chapeL and, preceded by lads habited in white and bearing holy water and the Bible, proceeded to the western end of the site of the new edifice, where a wooden cross had been erected, and offered prayer. They then walked to the eastern end and, standing before the foundation-stone, recited the Catholic litany and other forms of prayer. After this a bottle was placed in a cavity of tbe stone on which tiie foundation-stone was to rest, containing a parchment in which was written the facts usually inscribed ou such documents. -The atone was then blessed in accordance with the rites of the Catholic Church, aad hav ing been deposited in its place by Messrs. Kemson and Phillips, the Rev. Mr. Smyth, touching it with a silver trowel, pronounced it laid in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost After some other formali ties had been observed, the Rev. Mr. Smyth mounted a platform under a canopy, which had been improvised, of canvas and pine branches, read from the first to the Uth verses, indusive, of the Ist chap, of Malachi, and taking those portions of Scripture as the basis of his dis course, he proceeded to deliver a sermon that was characterised by much eloquence, fervor, and impressive-ess. On the condnsion of the sermon it was announced that contributions wonld be received towards the building fund Subscriptions stance were handed'in xsp'dly, and in a short time there was collected upwards of £140. We understand that about £250 had been previously contributed to the fund.— Wallaroo Times. A preliminary meeting to take into con sideration the best' means to be adopted for giving a welcome to the Duke of Edinburgh, was held at the Cornucopia on Monday evening, There was a fair attendance, but not much bu siness done. One gentleman proposed that communication should be opened with the General Committee in Adelaide, suggesting thai the Prince should come by steamer to Clinton, when a kangaroo hunt conld be ar ranged by the Peninsular Committee, to be followed by a banquet in the evening; the first part of the next day to be devoted to visiting the mines and the smelting works, the Prince and his retinue returning to Clinton in the afternoon. Several other suggestions were made, after which the meeting was adjourned to the following week.—JF<_Z_roo Times. Hie Wallaroo Times says :—" The coal ships still keep out, and the coal heap continues diminishing fast ' When the vessels arrive the cargoes will be consumed in the Smelting' Works almost as quickly as they can be dis charged" The Judge of the Liverpool County Court haa decided that the rent for a pew in a pariah Church cannot be —l«y??^?d, 