AUSTRALIAN PRESERVED MEAT IN ENGLAND. "THE Father of a Family, having nine bellies to fill," writes to the Times on the 10th October !-" I bought a Gib case of Australian boiled fresh beef, without bone, for which I paid 7d. a pound. We tried it first in the Irish stew fashion. The quantity was a quarter of a pound of the hoof and gravy to a pound of potatoes, with chopped onions according to taste. This we called ' an allowance' for one. The potatoes and onions were looked up to the same point as if the meat was in the stewpan ; we turn put in our beef and gravy, perfectly sweet, seasoned with con diamonds, covered it up, and let it remain for a minute or two. It was then served up thoroughly hot, and the odour of beef gravy that filled the room was something appetising indeed. I sat down somewhat suspicious, but before I cross, the look out I had enjoyed was very gratifying. We had thus a good music-making dinners all round at a cost of three-halfpence farthing a head for meat. We have since tried it is gravy soup and south, with the same allowance per head, and with the same satisfaction. We had twenty-four good single meals of perfectly fresh, rich, do lioiouB meat for 3s. 6d. that is, the wholesome ofusdinnorod-not "dined twice, and six of us a third time for the money." " Now, let a family of, say, six meat-eating people commence the week on the regular Sunday joint. You cannot allow less than two pounds a-hood all round with a couple of cold meat days to provide for. No joint can be economically cooked for anything having the pretence of a family' at less weight than. 12 lbs. To be sure I have heard of a man speak of his wife and family, the said family consisting of the infant at the breast i but that has not been the ooBO at our house for many years. Will, this joint will cost 10s, say, and in cooking it will come down to about 9 lbs. All this will be finished on the Tuesday afternoon, as the bare bone will certify. Lot the family then take to Australia. Let them have Irish stew on Wed nesday, bounded on Thursday, gravy soup on Friday, and any non-starvablo make-up on Saturday. They will both have rich beef meals for all six at a cost of 10d. per day, or 2s. 7d. for the three days. Compare that with the cost for the same kind of fare pork butcher, to say nothing of the trouble. " The only drawback to, the English palate is that the Australian beef is ratborovor-cookod in the fibre ; but I have been told that no more will be prepared so much in that way. It appears that the whole thing was an experiment, and now that it has answered, the price will be lower and the cooking will be more like what we are used to. I know nothing whatever of any- body connected with the affair, except my provision dealer, who sold me the article A and, I confess, so deeply-rooted have publicans and grocers succeeded in establishing an inveterate character for adulteration that I opened the can with considerable misgiving. I feared some now ' tricks of trade' If beef can be sent over in this way, why not mutton P With respect to to such a novelty in food we must give way a little in our prejudices ; we must imitate the give-and-take Tartar, who, on condition that he should have a joint of young horse occasionally, agreed to eat roast mutton one day a week, " I have spoken of my Australian fooding ox portions among my own acquaintances, but incredulity and narrow grooved thinking in some people are hard to overcome. There has been considerable laughter and wit sharpening at my expense, as it is thought. But, nevertheless, as I have stated before, there are nine bellies to fill bellies that want more and more every month and I must fill them wholesomely and well in the cheapest way I can, notwithstanding any quantity of fun my friends may choose to take out of me. Now, Sir, let every family, according to their means, do as we do economise for their position, boat level or upwards, and you will soon have to chronicle a ' tremendous fall in meat ; the butchers will be brought to their marrow bones in earnest." The following relates to the supply of Australian meat : 1 " Sir, In the Times? leading article of the 23rd October, in connection with the question of beef from Australia, it is stated,-' Our oor respondent yesterday said a good word for Australian beef, and we are glad to. think it deserved , the praise.' Further on-' We should like to see the business of this supply taken largely and effectually in hand 2' and, again,-' It is of no use importing a few tins as curiosities,' Would you allow me briefly to state that something more has been done than importing ' a few tins as curiosities." Since the 1st of March last, the Australian Meat Company have imported and sold upwards of 88,000 tins of beef. We are daily expecting the arrival of the Sir John Lawrence, with another large shipment, which we hope to distribute to the Shops early in November, and we have advices of regular shipments to arrive monthly during the winter. " Profiting by the advice of the Food Committee of the Society of Arts, we have this BCUBon reduced the proportion of fat in the tins, and have also reduced the temperature while cooking. " In answer to one of The Times' correspondents, perhaps you will allow me to state that any person can obtain this beef through our agents, Messrs. McCall and Co., 137, Hounds ditch Yours obediently, " THE MANAGER OF THE AUSTRALIAN MEAT COSITAHY." AN EXTRAORDINARY STRIKe At Shirlond Colliery, near Alfreton, Derbyshire, on Thursday night last, while the men were as usual working down the pit, one of them asserted that he had seen a ghost. The apparition was described as "shape like a man." Instantly the news was spread throughout the pit. Soon the busy occupations ceased, and the colliers trooped together, with horror-stricken counto tenances, demanding to be taken to bank, When those who were below had thus left work and had come to the surface, they met the " day shift" preparing to descend. The story was told, and as the news spread from mouth to mouth, a similar horror to that which had prevailed below seemed to be communicated. The day men refused to go down, and all the colliers thereupon returned to their homes. In this way nearly 200 men and boys have " laid themselves idle, and the ghost presumably holds possession of the pit. A collier was accidentally killed in one of the workings a few days ago, THE French papers are complaining of the loose style of dress adopted by Englishmen, The Figaro says that a few years ago, when a man of elegant appearance, and irreproachably dressed, entered one of our theatres, people used to say " It is an Englishman." Nowadays when one remark in the orchestra stalls a soft dirty hat and a red flannel shirt, one may, without fear of mistake, exclaim, "It is an Englishman." Why and how has this change come to pass? It is a mystery. Xavier Aubryet, however, has found an explanation for this atrocious uuceromonioUBness and for those ignominious costumes. " The English," ho Boys, " travel abroad to wear out their old clothes." I THE " SWALLOW-IT-RAW" FEATEHNITT. The Paris papers reveal a new style of theft by which jewellers are victimised. The professor of the ingenious device presents himself in the shop of a dealer in diamonds and pearls, and ask to see some small unset stones. He & well dressed and wears colored spectacles. The stones are laid before him, spread on paper. Being very near-sighted, as his glasses prove, he is obliged to bring his eyes so near to the gems that he can pick them up with the tip of his tongue, and he keeps them in his mouth until out of the shop. If he fears detection, which seldom occurs, ho swallows his treasure whence the slang name of swallow-it-raw given to this class of artists by the thieving fraternity. One of them was caught the other day. The diamond merchant, put upon his guard by a victim, said he had no small stones, but would have a large supply the next day. A policeman was in-waiting; the diamonds were laid out upon paper previously impregnated with an extremely bitter drug, which, when the thief gave his kick, acted so violently on his sense of taste, that he was, fain to reject what he had just taken. The policeman i appeared, and the swallow-it-raw was taken in the non-Party correspondence of The Times. FAT BAPTISTS curious condition seems to be imposed on the preachers of the Baptist persuasion. To be perfect they must be fat. The Freeman, the organ of the body, declares that the ministers they delight to honor are the men of great physical bulk. " We are so much the creatures of circumstance," says the paper we have named, "that it is difficult to put the same amount of confidence in the slender speaker that we do in his stouter brother. How many a time have we heard it declared that be cause this was looking a sermon has lost half its force ! Our rocoUootion reverts to men now occupying our own pulpits, whose marriage and outward advantages instantly command respect. A feeling of trust rises unbidden in the minds of their hearers, and shows itself in the comfortable, half resigned expression in their countenances. Those are not the speakers who will argue so much as mightily convince.' We scarcely dare dispute their assertions. And when we have God's Word, and the glorious Gospel of His grace, inspiring their energies, and consecrating their powers, we have good reason to be thankful that there are Saul's among the prophets." The apostle whose bodily province was weak would have stood a poor chance among the Baptists. If the Freeman really represents the state of feeling amongst that body, no proaohorundor twelve stonoinayhopc to persuade, none under fifteen to arouse and edify. We wonder whether Mr. Spurgeon weighs his young men before admitting them to his school of the prophets at the Tabornaolo.-Pall Mall Gazette. . , THE TRAMP'S LIFE. Hard fare, hard bods, hard usage what can be the charm of the tramp's late That he should go through so much for so little, all the time that he knows full well he could do better by the honest labour of his hands, is a puzzle beyond our power to solve. But the regular town beggar, in this respect, is even a greater enigma than his port pattie brother of the country. What money can compensate the half-clothed sailor, who generally makes his appearance in the hardest frost without shoes to his foot, for the chronic state of frostbite in which he must be as he paces before our windows-a shipwrecked tar perishing of cold and hunger? Again, what regular work can be so hard as that undergone by the mechanic from Manchester, who swathes up his limbs until they are no bigger than those of a boy of ten, and, posting himself on the pavement with a canvas picture before him of some dreadful mill accident, leaves the passers by to suspect that he is the piteous victim t When a hard living in carried by so much self sacrifice, it is difficult to put it down as the result of more idleness. Such follows must often work twice as hard as the honest mechanic, and for a very uncertain remuneration. There is the street artist again, who draws mackerel, loaves of broad, and pieces of bacon, with colored chalks, and having laid out this sumptuous repast upon the pavement, writes under it, I am starving." One would think that, with such skill, in such a city as London, he ought to live in clover. There must be something in the more pleasure of getting alms, whether from a hard-hearted poor law overseer, or from a sympathising public, which makes up for the difficulty and degrada- tion with which it is accomplished. Blind beggars may call forth our sympathy ; but it is very questionable whether those sturdy habitues of the Regent-street pavement would thank any oculist for restoring them to sight. From the Blind Beggar of Bethnal-green down to those of the present day, this class of vagrant has always flourished apace. Many live upon the fat of the land, and would thank you for nothing if you were to suggest the coaching operation. We have all heard again, of the crossing sweeper at the Bank of England, who kept his country house, and came down to business every morning in his cab ; but this evidently an invention on the part of some discontented Bpooulntor.-Cassoll's Magazine. THEATRICAL ANECDOTES. Very for north of the Tweed, we were fronting the lieges to the "Rose of Ettrick Vale," when one of the bridesmaids, who had to speak of " rowlocks, and witches, and wateí-kolpios," f led to cool loot the latter, i it doing a term that, perhaps, she had never met "with before, and set us all laughing by substituting for it the word kangaroos ! Once, an amateur volunteered to play Richmond for us ; he was lame, having one leg shorter than the other. He began his opening speech i " Thus far into the bowels of the land have I marched on without impediment ;" when a rude, unfeeling follow interrupted him with: "Hopped on, you mean;" whereon, with a polite bow, Richmond re plied : " Thank you, sir I hope corrected ;" and proceeded with the performance. Our Duke Aranza, at Darlington, had begun that sentence of Tobin's, which never fails to elicit cheers from the gallery-" No, I'll not beat you: the man who lays his hand upon a woman, save in the way of kindness, is a wretch, whom twere gross flattery to call a coward; when it suddenly occurred to him that the actors were all aware of his having thrashed his wife (who was the Juliana) that same afternoon. With some presence of mind he varied: the text thus : " The man who lays his hand upon a woman, except when she deserves it," &c.; At Lanark we were representing the " Heart of Midlothian, The two or three Sootehmon that were in the company were east forDumbiedikes,'SaddleCres, ice.. and David Deans was allotted to our first old man, a thorough cookney born and bred. No sooner did he begin to scold his daughters for talking of " dances," than there was a slight murmur of disapprobation from the gallery, and a " native" bawled out : " HoOh, mon, yes no a bit like Dawvio Deans ; whnr'B yer awo sent ?" To which unkind interrogation, David testily replied : '. Why, you've got it, repartee that was taken in good part 2 and the old man's really capital noting (says the accent) gaining him a call at tho close of the drama. "Behind the Scenes from Chambers' Journal. NSOBO REBIIEEEOTION.-The- following is a story told by the Bishop of Tennessee at the recent Church Congress, as showing the education of a plantation preacher. He said "I was visiting a plantation, and the bell was rung, and the negroes, numbering some 800, gathered in the parlours and piazza of the house, belonging, unfortunately for himself, to a bachelor. After reading a chapter to whom I preached, and said that I would hold a service the next day to baptize such as should be presented. I baptized between 70 and 80 and, after a service, I fall into conversation with Uncle Toney, a plantation preacher. I asked him about various Christian doctrines, and finally said And what about the resurrection ?' With a very solemn face he replied, " You see, Mister, int ment is inten.t 'Yes.' ' Well, you see there is a spiritual body, and died here body made out of dust'.' 'Yes.' 'Well, you see when de angel Gabriel comes down from heaven,' and goin' up and down the river Jordan, a. Mowin of his trumpet, and do birds of heaven single' and do bells of heaven ringing', and details and do honey raining' down on all do hills of heaven, he will bring do spiritual body wid him down from heaven, and take dies here body up out of do dust', and take de intment and rub it on, den stick.togeddor-and dor deYlia.'"-rPall-Mall Gazette. 