OUR LONDON LETTER. in London, SïptbmlBeu 26. When you have done all the honours to our young Prince, the Duke of Edinburgh, and when he has tried to sustain his royal life upon such grains of rice as he may succeed in conveying by means of chopsticks to his mouth, he will brave the dangers of Jeddo and test the hospitality of Sir Harry Parkes. This young Governor is less known in England than he may be in Sydney, where as a youth he resided for a short time. He has reaped the reward of public spirit, and patriotic sacrifice evinced in services rendered to the British Government in China, and while in the prime of life he is entrusted with a position of the highest moment in respect to both the commerce and the peace of two great nations. Happily Sir Harry is a Christian man, and having been led by love for religious missions to go out to the East as a medical missionary, his interest in' her people is far deeper than that of a mere military or aristocratic governor, and I rejoice to think that the Queen's son will have so good and so well informed a host. It is reported here that his Royal Highness has authority to confer the honour of both baronetcy and knighthood upon some of the leading colonists of Western and Southern Australia, as well as in Victoria, Tasmania, and New South Wales, for eminent service rendered to the State and I hope to hear long before the arrival of the Duke in Europe that while royal favours are flying abroad the men who have had most to do with the spreading of colonial institutions have not been forgotten. We have received intelligence of the fearful ravages of the floods in your colony. A false impression prevailed in London that large reserved funds remained in hand from the last Relief Committee's collection, or some votes in aid would have reached you from England and I much regret the existence of what I believe will turn out to be an erroneous statement in our public prints. Our rainfall has been lighter than is customary in July, and August and September have been free from anything like continuous heavy rain. Corn dealers are for ever talking of " a bad harvest, and " upward tendency in price," but the people have need to thank God in the prospect of a cheap loaf" through a winter which we look forward to with much misgiving. I wish the roast beef of Old England were equally at the service of the people. The maintenance of high prices throughout this year even in the presence of increased flocks and herds, and the absence of disease, is unaccount- able and much to be deplored. The enforced abstinence from animal food on the part of our labouring poor is productive of many evils of which the want of power to work, and the de- I terioration of physical strength are painful evidences. Good nourishing food, like sweet comfortable dwellings, can only be obtained at maximum prices, and unfortunately the natural prejudice of the poor allows of no subsidiary help. The importation of cooked meats from the prairies, and the well secured beef from your colonies, is as yet unpopular, and though in our hospitals soups, gravies, and beef tea are taken with a relish in ignorance of the Australian origin, the man convalescent and craving food will turn from these foreign provisions and starve if he cannot get fresh meat from the English shambles. Dr. Liebig has already obtained a name among the artisans, and beg-beef is the appellation given to all foreign meat, which is declared to be horse | flesh, dogs meat, and is held to be " stinking, I mouldy Bluff." All this is well known to our | shopkeepers on the Saturday night, and it shows that the most scrupulous care should be taken in selecting and concentrating the food intended for the English market, which too often becomes useless when exposed to the air. The fact is we are on the verge of a critical period in the history of our working classes. They have been in turn defrauded and abused, petted and spoiled, and with the sudden expectancy of political power, they are looking to have everything done for them. Capital is nothing, labour is everything, the West End is wasteful of the people's wealth, the East End is the source of the nation's power. The producer must be protected, the c consumer being a non-producers must pay smartly for all the luxury of life, the accident of station must be coupled with the necessity of enlarged contributions, and the poor to be maintained must be supported by the aristocracy, and not by the classes whose labour creates the wealth of the nation. The communistic system demands co-operative stores, where labour shall be favoured in price, and strikes are recommended, and coercion is practised on every hand. Immense effort is to be used to secure positions for the leaders of popular movements in Parliament, and every metropolitan borough will be contested in the next general election by a professedly working man. The country has too long been frightened by ; these loud and fierce demands of Liberty and I now that the flag of equality is unfurling, the natural reaction appears. There is an evident growth of uneasiness in the middle class, and while public public virtue has been trampled under foot by our conservative leaders, whose inconsistency has been without parallel in modern times, the steady-going people are giving proof of a conservatism which is a very different thing to the political Toryism, whose disgrace we have just beheld. What the result on the elections of 1869 may be I know not, but the aversion of the " nation of shopkeepers " to Beales, Potter, and Co., is quite evident. A recent quarrel between the Reform League and the United Trades Society upon the question of priority in the great Reform banquet, has given moderate people unmistakable joy, and the disinclination of Parliamentary leaders to unite with these demagogues, even for such a purpose, is grateful to the bulk of the people. The truth is that it is known that the spirit of the Sheffield assassins is latent through large districts of the country, and if it would not obliterate the sixth Commandment from the tablet, it would make the nearest approach to it by the use of measures not one whit less criminal than murder. I confess myself more alarmed at the occurrences in Lancashire the other day than at anything I remember of late years, as indicative of the spirit and temper of a certain class of the community. In broad day, upon the high road in Manchester, a van was conveying two suspected Fenians, " Colonel" Kelly and " Captain" Deasy, to prison, when a body of forty men, lying in ambush, fired upon the seven police- men who guarded it. Having shot three they disarmed the rest, wounded the horses, broke open the van, rescued the prisoners who were in irons, and then effected their own escape. The thing is scarcely credible, and the worst of the certainty is that the by-standers were not courageous enough to interfere to prevent such a daring violation of the peace. It seems to me an illustration of a state of feeling much to be feared at the present time. A movement has just been made towards the establishment of a Free Labour Society, in opposition to the Trades Unions. It is designed to afford a rallying point for non unionist workmen and employers, and it bases its claim or confidence in appealing to the detestation of the public for the Sheffield outrage. The objects are to obtain employment for workmen, to promote free discussion on all questions affecting capital and labour, to seek peaceful settlements of disputes by arbitration, and it promises protection to its members by all constitutional means. At present it is only just mentioned, but it may in good hands, at this juncture, become a useful institution, and lead to something better. Our walls are placarded by many-coloured bills announcing the arrival of the Bishops who help to form the long-promised Pan Anglican Synod. The very name is ill chosen, for ignorant people smell Papistry in all organisation with such outlandish names. Pan Anglican, what is it if is not rank Popery ? Protestant, however, though it be, it is still a suspected movement. The Press has fallen foul of it, and led on by the Times, abuse and ridicule quite undeserved are heaped upon the Assembly. The meetings of these prelates is in a church' in King-street, Cheap- side. The services are peculiar, the object scarcely practical, and the result as yet far 'from satisfactory. A large gathering of colonial and Scotch Bishops makes the absence of the English prelates the more conspicuous, and the defection of the Bishop of London, who was one of the conveners, is more remarkable because he is well enough to preach, and that near London. I observe that their Lordships thank God for their coming together. They sorrow over the divisions of the Church, and they express their belief that the best hope of future reunion will be found in drawing closer to their common Lord, in giving themselves to much prayer and intercession, in the cultivation of the spirit of charity, and in seeking to diffuse through every part of the Christian community that desire and resolution to return to the faith and discipline of the undivided Church, which was the principle of the English Reformation. All this is good, but what would have been much better in the judgment of those best informed would have been the occupation of their time and thought in so rare and well chosen an opportunity in con- certing schemes for purifying the practice of the Church, and dealing a strong and united blow at the great errors by which her people are distracted and disgraced. Ten days spent in prayer would have been a sight worthy of the nation and its Episcopal leaders. The only subject likely to interest your readers is the one taken upon the second day, " Colonial Churches." The resolution proposes that it be a matter for the consideration of this Conference whether it be desirable that such colonial dioceses as have not as yet been gathered into provinces be formed into any province, and that steps should be taken for this purpose. The second recites the fact of schemes for the conduct of ecclesiastical affairs having been embodied in various letters patent from the Crown, and it is declared desirable that the aforesaid schemes be for the present, and until the local authorities spiritual and temporal, have otherwise provided, as much as possible, adhered to, and it is suggested that when the letters patent have not conferred coercive jurisdiction, bishop and clergyman should be required at their ordination or institution to pledge themselves to voluntary submission. The last resolution is " that it be a matter for the consideration of this Conference in reference to colonial Churches not legally united to the United Churches of England and Ireland, what safeguards as to their doctrine and discipline be required by the mother Church as the condition of the maintenance of spiritual and ecclesiastical communion." Of course your Churches will regard the meeting of seventy-five Bishops, more or less, from its own point of view ; but it seems to most men here that the affairs of colonial Churches do not need to be subjected to the arbitrament and adjudication of dignitaries of the Church, not English only, but American. The Archbishop of Canterbury is a worthy man, and his motive is unchallenged, but the Pan- Anglican Synod will be little more than a congress where brotherly love will be mistaken for practice action. The whole thing is unpractical, and impracticable. In my last letter I spoke of the probabilities of a warlike mission being sent out to Abyssinia to rescue the English captives from the dungeons of King Theodore. The expedition was just on the eve of starting when one morning, telegraphic communication rejoiced the ears of the British people by announcing that the intercession of the Armenian Bishop Isaac had prevailed, and that the prisoners had been liberated. It turns out that we have been the subject of a great hoax, and it is well that we are warned against the implicit belief even in special telegrams. There is no truth in the report, and we grieve to think that, at an expense of six millions sterling, and a sacrifice of life equal in proportion to the loss at Balaclava, may be the cost of punishing an obstinate Icing and avenging perhaps the death of our English brethren. Here is an illustration of the importance of small events to our national interests. We are about to invade a district almost unknown to us, lying beyond the deserts of Egypt, and only to be approached through forest and jungle where plague, pestilence, and famine abound, and what is the cause? In 1861 a Mr. Cameron was sent to succeed Mr. Plowden, who had been murdered by an Abyssinian chief. The King, though he received the English presents, showed signs of dislike to the new consul, and sent him home with a letter to our Queen, be gtonijog with, " in the stone of the Father, I the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and ending, "I wish to have an answer to this letter by Consul Cameron, and that he may conduct my embassy to England Mr. Cameron chose to go elsewhere, never returned to England, went back to Abyssinia, presented himself to the King, and was instantly put into prison. The barbarian King had desired the friendship of the Queen of England, and he had been deceived by one of her sub- jects his pride was piqued, he vented his wrath upon Mr. Stern, Mr. Field, and others ; no life has been sacrificed, but they are in confinement. In 1865 Mr. Rassam was sent out to procure Cameron's release; he was well received, the consul was set at liberty, but some unwise speeches irritated the king's advisers, and he was after all detained. Find, the German missionary, was allowed to go; he was the bearer of a letter to our Queen, which I saw, and he took a reply in the Queen's hand, and also took out some mechanics for the king's service. The conduct of the king alarmed the authorities at Aden, and the mechanics, destined with the tools and machines to make guns for the king, were detained. In consequence of this, the unfortunate captives have been thrown into the fortress of Magdala, where, probably, they will remain till our troops effect their liberty and this they must do by forming an alliance with the chiefs, who have taken this opportunity to revolt, and are prepared to overthrow their king. It is a sad after at the best, whatever may be the result. Sir John Lubbock, a young baronet and a banker of London, has been reading a paper at the meeting of the British Association at Dundee greatly calculated to shock the settled convictions of our North British kinsmen. The origin of civilisation and the early condition of man is a subject sufficiently speculative at any time; but Sir John undertook to prove that existing savages are not the descendants of civilised ancestors in any case, and he combated the theory of Dr. Whately, that they are the degenerate descendants of far superior ancestors. The difficulty was that the argument could only be conducted on inferential evidence, and Sir John and our great luminaries in the philosophic hemisphere were launched on a great. embranglement." " If," said Sir John, " the present colonist of America or Australia were to fall into a state of barbarism, we should still find in those countries herds of wild cattle descended from those imported; and even if these were exterminated, still we should find their remains, whereas, we know that no trace of a bone, either of the ox or of the Doncaster sheep, has been found either in Australia or in the whole extent of America. Again, there are many plants which follow in the train of man, and by which the botany of South America, South Australia, and New Zealand has been almost as profoundly modified as their ethnology has been by the arrival of the white man." He then went on to prove that no weapons of metal or fragment of pottery had ever been found, and that the knowledge of spinning and the use of the bow would have been retained by all tribes of savages if ever they had been known to their predecessors. He believed that there were many races of men utterly destitute of religion and a knowledge of numbers." Several speakers referred to instances of " degradation " of tribes in India. Mr, Crawford administered a severe rebuke to Sir John for dealing so rashly with the theory of Archbishop Whately, and Sir John was reminded that Macaulay had expected a visit from the New Zealander to London, and not that the Londoner would stand and survey the ruins of England's hope. You will expect to hear the last of reform. Parliament broken up is now in the persons of its members all abroad, tired out with the work of the session. The Commissioners, whose stipend is five guineas a day, do not see any reason why people, even professional men, should go out of town and so they are hard at work all over the country arranging the boundaries of new boroughs under the Reform Bill, and counting upon months of very pleasant harvest time. The leaders of the people, Mr. Potter and Mr. Beales, are indulging their estimable rivalry, not new to the country, but in a novel form. Of course, a commemorative banquet was necessary, and though November would have been the best month, Mr. Neales's friends resolved upon a demonstration. Hearing this, Mr. Potter's party announced the banquet and issued invitations. It was clear the people could not eat two dinners, even on two days, and the question was Potter's dinner or Beales's dinner. Lord Russell declined both. Mr. Gladstone hesitated somewhat, asked who he was to meet, and did the same. Mr. Bright wishes a knife and fork to be laid, and will come if he can; and the cross table, it is thought, will be tastefully adorned with a fruit and flowers, but that is if about 1500 tickets, at 3s., are sold. The Crystal Palace will be full, no doubt, of visitors, but it would not surprise me, if after all, the people " were allowed, as usual, to have it all their own way, under the presidency of one of the well-known leaders of public opinion aforesaid." Garibaldi was an invited, but of course, not an expected guest. He might, indeed, plead another engagement, for urgent public affairs send him home. Everyone admires-many adore the noble Patriot, but all English sympathisers have lost confidence in everything but his heroic virtue. He has declared that he would go to Rome. At the Peace Congress, at Genoa, we heard him repeat it, for he said it in London before. He holds that durable peace is founded upon popular contentment. Rebellion is the legitimate result of repressed liberty. Well, the millennium is not quite so near "that the friends of peace should be asked to join the procession and follow escort from Switzerland. Garibaldi went alone. He had nothing ; of money, friends, scant was the supply and Blender the following. He hoped to wake up enthusiasm in the heart of the enfeebled Italian, and he was disappointed. He spoke an oration on the Fall of the Papacy, and before he saw the boundary of the Pope's dominion, the soldiers of the Holy Church closed upon the venturous soldier, and made him their prisoner. Happily there was' no wound this time and though his judgment may be im- peached, he will be sent to Caprera, sans pew et sans reproche. Of course the English funds have gone up, and the plumes of the cap of I Liberty droop for a day. ClSEDJÎ. 