THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE ON " ECCE HOMO." Last night the Bishop of Melbourne deli- vered a lecture, in Trinity Church, East Mel- bourne, on the late published work Ecce Homo. The church was well filled, and the chair was occupied by his Honour the Chief Justice, who briefly introduced the lecturer. The BISHOP, in commencing his observa- tions, stated that his object was, not to deduce from the work the character and religious opinions of the writer, but to examine the work itself, and determine whether the re- presentation it gave of the person, the object, and the doctrine of Christ, of the nature of Christ, and of the character and duty of Christ's disciples, was in agreement with the Scriptures; and whether its iinfluence upon the reader was likely to be for good or for evil. The bishop then gave a clear and impartial analysis of the work, and pro- ceeded to observe that it was written for the purpose of explaining a certain theory con- cerning Christ, his object in founding the Christian Church, and the means used by him for accomplishing that object. This purpose was consistently carried out, and in its execution great powers of reasoning, as well as of description and illustration, were displayed. The tone of the volume was calm and earnest, and the duties of philan- thropy, edification - as the writer understood it - and mutual forgiveness were strongly en- forced. The general credibility of the four gospels was distinctly recognised, and a belief in Christ's miraculous power, and in his pre- sent superintendence over the church was implied. The character and morality of Christ were represented as perfect, and as a pattern for the imitation of his disciples. But, on the whole, did the book deserve their approval, or was it fit to pro- mote the progress of true religion? He thought it was not. He was obliged to say that it was full of misrepresen- tation and erroneous doctrine, and to express his strong conviction that to those who read it with complacency it was likely to do very serious injury. He would briefly state his reasons for entertaining these views. The design of the author to explain Christ's object in founding the Christian church, and how the church was adapted to attain that object, without reference to Christ as the creator of modern theology and religion, appeared to him (the lecturer) impossible of execution. The book itself showed it to be so, because it abounded in allusions to and opinions upon points of religious doctrine. True Christian morality must be based upon sound Christian doctrine. The discussion of theological ques- tions might be avoided, but the truths which formed the subject-matter of such questions must be assumed, and continually kept in mind. In the volume, while loyalty and at- tachment to Christ's person were put forward as the great motive to Christian morality, there was nothing for that loyalty and attach- ment to rest upon so long as the great truth of Christ's love in reconciling men to God by his death was kept out of sight. The example of his perfect character would be wholly in- sufficient to produce such love as the author supposed. The volume did contain doctrine, and his objection to it was, that the doctrine which it contained and with which it was pervaded was contrary to the Scripture. For example, the representation that it was the Baptist who first taught Christ his work, and that Christ matured his plan for found- ing the church, and determined upon the mode of executing that plan, in the Wilder- ness was wholly inconsistent with His words to His mother when twelve years old, "Wist ye not that I must be about my father's business?" Again, his interpretation of vari- ous words and phrases upon the right under- standing of which the fundamental doctrines of Scripture depended were perversions of the plain language of Scripture. Could they find anywhere a more blasphemous perversion of Christ's doctrine concerning the Holy Spirit than the fond conceit - for he could call it nothing else - that it was "the enthusiasm of humanity?" The author presented false views of Christian morality. He said that their moral duties had reference to their fellow-men, whereas they had reference primarily to themselves, and only secondarily to others. While the author noticed the apparent contradiction that was involved in Christians suffering and yet enjoying, he did not seem to be acquainted with the real ex- planation of this, which was contained in the apostle's words, "in much aflliction and joy of the Holy Ghost." He did not appear to be aware that there was a happiness which was altogether independent of outward cir- cumstances, and which "passeth under- standing." It had been said that in these days, when so much worse books had been written, and were exercising such a per- nicious influence, this one might be useful as counteracting the evils done by them. Perhaps, as Deism was better than Atheism, Socinianism better than Deism, and Arian- ism better than Socinianism, that might be in a certain sense true. But if it did some little good in preserving men from falling into the lowest depths of infidelity, it was likely to do much more harm in causing men to be satisfied with a spurious Christianity. One great danger of the present day, when religion occupied men's minds so much, arose from the disposition to offer man as a substi- tute for the religion of Jesus Christ something else which was of human invention. This book, he believed, did so, and in doing so pro- moted the object of their great spiritual enemy, which was to pervert the Gospel, and destroy the souls which Christ came to save. On the motion of Judge POHLMAN, seconded" by Mr. H. HENTY, M.L.A., a vote of thanks was given to the bishop for his lecture. A.similar compliment having been paid to the Chief Justice for presiding, the audience dispersed. 