THE NATIVE POLICE FORCE AND THE NORTH. The following letter, addressed to the Editor of the Guardian, has appeared in the columns of that journal:— There is a rumour up here that the Native Police is to be done away with. Now, as the slight protection they afford us and it is neces sarily slight, from the paucity of the force, is the only benefit wce obtain in consideration of the severe levies the Government make upon us, I think, if we were deprived of this too, there is a strong resemblance to a man who fall among thieves, who was stripped of all he had and then beaten. Any man who has lived upon the frontiers knows that this force has been of immense service, if not the direct cause of the great rapidity which has taken place in the settlement of North- ern Queensland. In less than three years 'settle ment advanced over more than fifteen hundred miles of country, and there is not another instance of such enterprise to be found in the world in any age. The pioneer went forth among the greatest savages known, and, by the slight aid of this small force, took possession of the land. Were our ears appalled, and our hearts sickened by scenes of horrid bloodshed, cruel murder, and fearful mutilation, such as the Nogoa tragedy? No; the son of the Briton has entered upon his Northern heritage, not without encountering obstacles, still he fought and conquered, and the walls that rose up before him were swept away by an arm stronger than man's, and the barriers fell, down before his face, even as did the walls of Jericho. But the children of Israel had not only to fight their way into the Land of Promise, but they had to fight afterwards to hold possession, so must we, or otherwise have a recurrence of the Dawson retreat. Whoever has lived in the colony sixteen years can remember the return of the Dawson squatters— their flocks and herds sorely wasted; and many who went forth with high hopes, found all that man at last requires, a small space of ground on the abandoned field ; their return was not with rejoicing; the ruthless savage drove them from his hunting grounds ; and lamentations were in every camp, as an old colonist who has since made his downy bed on the genial banks of the Condamine can testify. How great would be the catastrophe should the same take place in the North — the colony made the laughing stock of the nations ; and the ghosts of the victims would most assuredly follow and torment all those who attempt this wicked thing, of depriving the sinews of the colony of the pro tection they so highly deserve. There is not a dissentient voice in the hush, or a difference of opinion on the matter. The Native Police cannot be yet spared in the North. In fact, they are more required than ever they were;. and, instead of taking away those we have, the force must be augmented and more stations formed. The depre dations of the blacks are ruinous. Every camp is full of beef, and every herd of cattle bucked about and scattered. A few days ago, a short distance from a station, we found two beautiful heifers killed, and saw more cattle running about, with large pieces of spears stuck in their bodies. They were in such a state that some of them ran a short distance and then fell down, weakened with wounds, and stricken with fear. Of course, if this is not put a stop to, and justice administered, the same treatment will be applied to the shepherds, and every post will carry tidings of woe and revelations of bloodshed ; and if the spirits of victims do not haunt the minds of the wicked men who are wittingly preparing the way for murder, most assuredly conscience will in this life, and we will say nothing of the life to come. A petition would be sent down, signed by every hand in the northern territory, but the difiiculty in sending it over such a wide extent of country could not be accomplished in less than three months, and in the meantime, Mr. Editor, we choose you as our Guardian, and leave our case in your hands, and the spirit of the brave man who first fell a victim to the heathen, and still watches with interest the advance of the Great North, will smile upon you. Even— Kennedy's Ghost. 