THEATRE ROYAL. BABLOW AND BPILLKB. The great the inimitable Barlow arrived hen unannounced by the steamer ' Der went ' on Saturday, and he made his first appearance at the Theatre Royal yester day evening in bis celebrated drawing room entertainment! ' Round theWorld.' Mr Barlow ranks with Farquhanon in his ability to delight an audience for hours together with his vocal, lnstru fiumtat. finH ifojierintiva Abilities. His first programme was varied enough to suit all tastes ; commencing with ' The Men of Merry England.' and taking a rauge so wide as to include * Home News, or the marriage of our fair Princess.' (written and set to music by himself). Scotch ballad— Creep afore ye gang.' ? Patrick Patson ,' a parody on ?Stonewall Jackson.1 'The Weepiu Wilier,' with negro eccentricities and Instrumental solo's on very extraordinary musical in strument* ; Nigger songs and dances, small talk, operatic, baUadB, conun drums without end. until the grand fiuale -' De sun am in de clouds.' The second part of this delightful entertain ment consisted of the performance of Mr A. F. Spiller, tbe Champion roller skater, who in addition to gracefully cuttiurf all sorts of pretty figures by gliding along the stage as smoothly as on veritable ice, save a flutiua solo and a nigger song and dance in the third part. Mr Barlow also sang— The Old Maid's Song— 'Times and Costumes,' by Sarah Walker; 'The fair gin aressea in viwl-k, owm jbuu/, ' The Ghost,' ' Slap Bang,' and performed a solo on that extraordinary musical in ?trument— ' The Lantum.' This is a sweetly tonsd powerful instrument and Mr Barlow plays it in a masterly manner. His {impersonation of John Chinaman with his Celestial song and Celestial vloliu accompaniment, created a furors in his favor, and the 'Blue wiled fly' put the climax on his popularity. How -Mr Spiller skims over the rough uneven boards of the stage with holes, trap doors, and all sorts of obstructions in bis way created mnch astonishment. His comic imitation of the difficulties that lie in the way of an amateur roller skater were very amusing and they were evidently not at all exaggerated or even equalled. The enter tainment concluded too late to admit of close criticism in this issue, but if- uni versal applause is any criterion to go by. Messrs. 'Barlow' and 'Spiller,' have gained the favor of the Theatre going people of Launeeston. They are only an nounced to give two more entertainments here, one this evening and the other to morrow night, but we trust the hearty reception they have met with will indue* them to remain here until after the Cham pion Races. 