Mb. IIiginbotham'b speech . on the Education Bill, in the Assembly on Thursday night, was perfectly character istic of tho man. Diffuse, shallow, illo- gicai, iuii ot impracticable and. crotcliotty views, replete with arrogant self- assertion, the speech so ntterly failed to carry any woight with the House, that he himself was at la9t obliged-to admit that from tho tone Erevalcnt on the subject in the' Assembly, on. members would not pass the bill. Mr. Higinbothasi'b 'grand difficulty throughout had its origin in the blunder that he and other superficial observers havo made, in assuming that the great body of tho people of the colony were hostile to a denominational , system -of education, and that tho laity of the leading religious bodies differed with their clergy on this important, point.. It was this grave mistake which led himself and his' brother commissioners, to project that visionary creed of theirs— that religion could bo taught without doctrine, tenets, or dogmaB. But he does not seem to hare discovered his mistake, until his eyes wore opened by tho attitude of the country and the tone of the Assembly, which the bill has called forth. Ho had, therefore, from the moment he first took the subject in' hand, resolved to come before the House in: his " best pre pared Poeksniffian: stylo of ' preten tious gravity of ' speech '. and. de meanour, ! in 1 the expectation'itliat he-- would thus impress his hearers with the conviction: that a' new light was: dawning upon thom from his oracular words, and that the advent of a new era in tho re ligious and educational world was heralded by ' tho profound HiaitfBOTgAM: ;, It; was only af tor the unmistakoable demonstra- ' Hons of tho public " out 'df;d6ors,'' and of the hori.. members , "within" the walls' of Parliament, that ho found out whatu poor, theoretical, vain dreamer ho is, ; and how utterly boyond his comprehension is any thing which tonches.the profpundor depths of the human heart and understandipg'.' But though Mr. Hiqinbothau,' before, he rose to address tho Houae on Tluiraday evening, had become painfully aware; of how helplessly ho was floundering in the mire of his pwn ;mise,onceptions on this, ! question of publio. education hc;had not time to trim hisj sails .towards a different, courso from that ho had at first entered I upon ; and he was fain, in spite of himself, I to stand up in defence of this new absur- dity of " religion without dogma," as ho himself styled it, which ho and his brother commissioners had made tho foundation of their proposed measure. And it was really pitiful to listen to the elaborate silli- noss, and tho wroteliod ovasiveness with which ho applied himsolf to tho subjoct. He found nimself compelled to accept tho position of advocato and defender of tho project of tho commissioners for super seding Christianity with a species of Deism, which those self-satisfied sophists thought to bo a vast improvement on tho religion of tho Cross. And in his endea vours to perform this task Mr. IIigin- eotiiam did really, to uso a trite but cx- ercssivo phrase, ' 1 make an exhibition of iiimseif." Here is his own statement of his own position in rcfcrenco to this, tho leading point of tho controversy "Hon. members on all sides (said lie) have ob jected to those parts of the bill which pro vide that unsectarian roligious instruction should be given, by direction of tho local committees, to tuo children attending common schools. Indeed, I believe that no hon. member has yet spoken in the debato who has expressed approval of this provision of tho bill. So far as I can learn, I believe that I stand alone here to advocate that provision. I do so with a very confident relianco on tho indulgence of tho House, and with a very strong desiro to state, if I can, tho views which influenced tho Royal Commission in re commending a provision of this kind, with which, too, I entirely concur." Mr. IIiGiNnoTHAii, as we seo in this passage, claimed tho indulgence of the Houso in tho peculiar task that ho thus states himself as undertaking ; and as will bo seen, be very much needed that indulgence indeed. After stating that it was now apparent for the first time— ho should have said, apparent for tho first time to himself— that " tho Roman Catholic and Church of England bodies as sert a determination to _ resist any educational scheme that is not de nominational," and that there are some other less numerous bodies who held a different view on tho question, ho with great naivete confesses that this conflict of opinion presents an almost insuperablo difficulty in the way of the settlement of tho educational question in tho fashion he would wish to determine it. One would have thought that this was stating a ground for putting an end to all further advocacy of an educational measure, tho more proposal of which had roused, up all the various denominations or divisions of tho Christian religion in tho colony against it j but compelled by a cruel fate — the avenging Nemesis of his own self- conceit— to fightfor what he admitted was a lost cause, Mr. Higinbotham proceeded, liko Sisyphus, to his "labour-in-vain" to try and make this new- found ghost of a re ligion of his put on the appearance of a tangible reality. He himself thus states tbe caso : — " It has been said," he ob served, " that any intcrforeneo with deno- minationalism or sectarianism is an in terference with Christianity; and I sup pose that that observation represents tho general views held by those who advocate the denominational system of education." How does he meet the case thus put? Has ho anything to say in reply, in re ference to his own convictions, or tho convictions of the commissioners, on the subject, or tho grounds on which such convictions might be basod— as an answer to this objection ? Nothing of tho kind. He is obliged to fall back on tho assumed views of some unnamed clergymen of tho minor sects, as the apostles of this now version of religion. He has nothing himself to say, and he states ho is unable of himself to say any thing in support of this new-fangled State creed, but he refers us to some unnamed clergymen of unnamed sects as the mis sionaries of the new faith. Thus, he says, ill 1U1D1VUUU LU LUU SlilLUUlUUL ILLUb lUlCf ferenco with dootrinal teaching is inter ference with tho Christian religion, that that "is certainly a view not supported by a large number of Christian clergymon in this country. It is not a view sup ported by a large number of clergymen, who in the conduct of their denomina tional schools draw a very marked dis tinction between religion and sectarianism. They have mado it a matter, I will not say of boasting, but of self-congratulation, that sectarian teaching is not, while re ligious teaching is, given in their schools." And when tho very pithy and pertinent Juestion is hero interjected by Mr.. bbland, viz.: — " What is tho diffe rence ? " how does he reply P He simply moves off on one side, and evades tho very pointed interrogatory of tho learned mem ber for Kilmore. He savs : — " The hon. member challenges me to draw the dis tinction between sectarianism and religion. (Hoar, hear.) I will tell him that I will not permit myself to he drawn into a metaphysical difficulty in a discussion 01 this kind, when a practical solution has been presonted by those who are most ooneorned in main taining his argument. A largo proportion of tho Protestant clergy assert that dogma is not religion. I will not contend that it is. ueriamiy ic appears ro me to 06 obvious to any rational mind, considering tho nature of religious and general instruc tion, that education or instruction in the dogmas of particular religious bodies can not be regarded as a necessary or essential component part of religion — except by those, indeed, who assert that dogma not only forms part of, but that it is religion, and that without dogma there is no reli gion." We wish there had been some one present to ask Mr. Higikbotham what he means by dogma— dogma which is not religion P Is the. belief in tho Trinity, or in the Incarnation, or in tho necessity of observing the ton command ments and the teachings of the Church, or in the forgiveness of sins, or in tho existence of "the life to come,'.' or that " after death comes judgment" — is the belief in. any one of . these things a " dogma,',' or is it not; in Mr.' Higin isothah's opinion? Ho ;should hare settled this preliminary position before he began to ' denounce " dogma"-' as some thing different from religion. Dogma, as; -tho -word signifies,: means a thing accepted; just as tenet moans a thing held— a matter' about which there must be no, dispute if a . man means to bo, and to bo accounted, a believer in! the system offaith which is 'based on these dogmas or tenets. " AH the doctrines we have . enumerated . are " dogmas,"' but they are also the basis. in. gi;eat part of Christianity. : And if Mr. Hioinbothaii were to undertake to. teach Christianity to tho hcatheni without, inculcating those "dogmhls," we fear lie' 'would make as little progress: as dBisliop Colenso has amongst tho Zulus. In the system 'of .education, intended for British youth -of; Victorian ' origin, however, Mr. IIioiK-, noTiiAM would exclude these fundamental dootrines..' of.; Christianity, because, fdr 'soofli, ..th'oy are,') dogmas,;"., .and "'dogma is not religion"- in the gospei|aocopding!to St. I-Iiginbotham. Bat'it'is needless jto pursue the absurdity further'.1 :Suffipoi it to put thd ,query-7can anything be jhore monstrous : than that, .a man liko Mr. Higinbotham, who s shows himself Jso utterly ignorant of evoif the rudiments of Christianity as to imagino, that the dogmas Of. a, religion .and' the religion itself are separate and .oven antagonistic things— that a man, who admits ho cannot " give a reason for tho faith that is in him," but refors us to some unknown clergymen as tho expounders ef this new dogmaless oreed of his — that such a man should oomo forward and try to foist on an intel ligent and numerous community his erudo and impractical notions as to a system of education for tho youth of tho country P Tho thing won't bear investigation. Tlio Speaker yesterday Issued a writ for tlio election of a member for tlio electoral district of Maldsn, In the place of tlie late Mr. John Ram say. Tho following ie tho arrangement for tlio elieilon : — Dzta of writ, 31st Mny ; doy of nomination, lOlh June; day of polling, 14th Juno ; return of writ, 20th J une. Ladles and gentlemen who have received Invi tations to the ball to be given by his Excelloncy the Governor and Lady Manners Sutton, on tho 5th June, tn celebration of Iler Majesty's birth day, and who intend being present, are rtqucsted to bring with them either their cards of Invita tion, or other cards with their names legibly written thereon, in order to prevent nny deloy or error In announcing them to tho Governor and Lady Manners Sutton. Yesterday afternoon a number of gentlemen connected with the metropolitan Press assem bled nt Carton's hotel, for the purpose of pre senting a slight testimonial of regard to Mr. Charles R ibson, who has been for sevorol years connected with The Herald literary staff, and is now about to proceed to Europe. The souvenir was a silver Inkstand, manufactured by Messrs. Wolsh Brothers, of Collins street. Several com plimentary toists having been proposed— Includ ing, of couise, tho health of Mr. Rob3on — that gentleinau responded in a faw brief sen tences, and tho company then separated, bat not before prosperity In tho old country, and a pleasant voyage, hod been heartily wished to the parting guest. A commission to investigate applications for land under tho 42nd clause of tho Amending Lnnd Act, sat ot tho Iiiltnoro Court-house on Wednesday afternoon. About sixty applications were granted, the objections urged in all cases being overthrown. About 2500 ncres were taken up. For eomo days past, says tho Ovens Adver tiser, heavy loads of wheat hove passed through Corowa en route for Eebuca, in order to ho dis patched by rail to Melbourne. The back load ing appears to be.the inducement In taking it by waggon so great a distance. The Chief Commissioner yesterday suspended the certificate of an insolvent named Marsh for a period of nine months, upon the ground that he had accepted accommodation bills without the prospect of meeting them. Rabbits in tbe vicinity of Winchelsea and Barwon Fork arc now so plentiful that good sport may be had in a day's shooting thoro. On Thursdoy, "says the Register, a gentleman driving through the place caught two young ones olive and brought them Into Geelong, ns a proof of what Mr. Thoinas Austin has dono in the matter of acclimatising them. A strange statemeut Is nt present receiving tho attention of the poliei. It seems that on tho 23rd Inst., a M rs. Webb, residing in Cremorne street, Richmond, was si.iing on n jetty on the banks of the Yarrs, about G o'clock iu the evening, In company with her daughter, when she noticed a man and woman pass close to her. They appeared to be quarrelling, and the man- used a rather strong expression whilst replying in the negative to some question which had ap parently been put to hho. About an hour after they bad passed, Mrs. Webb heard a heavy splash in tho water and at the same time a scream, and she at once suspected that something had happened. In about ten minutes afterwards the man passed by alone. Information was given to the police, and the river was dragged at the place Indicated, but no trace of nny human body could be found. The police have been furnished with a description of tho parties. A case of considerable Interest was heard nt the Violet Town Police Court on Tuesday last, In which a person named Martin Marshall, a store keeper and chemist at Faithful Creek, was de fendant. The O. and if. Advertiser relates tbe circumstances ns follows Iu the month of February last n row occurred at Marshall's place, between him and a man named Long, which resulted in Marshall being summoned by Lioug tor ou assault, iuis case come neiore lue Bench at Violet Town on the 5th of February lost, - aud during the hearing a witness of the name at George Williams gave some testimony in Marshall's favour. It was subsequently found that Williams perj ired himself on that occasion, as it was Impossible for him to have known anything of the row relative to which he appeared as a witness. Subsequently he was arrested and brought to trial for the offence, and at the last sittings of the Circuit Court, Beech- worth, received a sentence of four years' Im prisonment. Since his incarceration Williams gave such Information to the authorities as to Induce them to bring a charge of subornation of perjury against Marshall, and in answer to this he appeared at the court on the day above named. The principal evidence In the case was that ef George Williams, who had been brought to Violet Tewn under a writ of habeas corpus ; bat this tbe Bench did net consider at all satis factory, as they dismissed the case without waiting to hear the defendant's solicitor, Mr. John Edwards, jun. The Government, observes the Kilmore Free Press, seem determined to treat the residents of this district rather cavalierly. About a month ago our warden's clerk and land-officer gat in structions to proceed to Smythesdale ; and Mr. Barry, clerk of petty sessions, was ordered to perform the work of warden's cleik in addition to his other duties. We have not yet heard of tbe appointment of a land officer ; and the local office befog closed, people coming from a dis tance to pay rents, etc., ore subject to the utmost annoyance and Inconvenience through no one being la there to receive them, or to give any information. During the week we have seen persons who had to come n distance of twenty miles to pay rent, and had to return homo after a fruitless journey, no one befog there to receive them or to advise them what course to pursue. It Is more than probable we shall hear of tho allotments of these men being declared forfeited ere long, for non-payment of rent. How long does the Minister of Lands intend this state of things to exist ? Some bones, supposed to be those of a human . being, have been discovered in a dry swamp on Mr. Richmond Henty's run, Warrayurs, in the Western district. They are to be subjected to a medical examination. The Spectator has not heard whether any clue exists as to the Identity of the remains. An.able-bcdled man, named Sheppard Rosser, applied for relief from the poor-box at the Gee- long Central Police Court, on Thursday. The Advertiser says:— He represented himself ins a nephew of Sir Samuel Sheppard, and stated that he bad been living at Geelong for several days on bread and water, which he had much difficulty In obtaining. This, however, was proved to be false, Sergeant Morton having dls- covered that be had been at the Black Bull and A'dam's hotels for .some days, living on the beat without paylo'g for It. The Mayor told him that It would bo far more creditable wore he to look for sorao employment, Instead of loaflng about the country depending upon his relationship ton man of posliion ; .that lie need hot be out' of work a Week |f he were diBposbd to be industrious, and that there-were many old and infirm persons who were more deserving" of assistance; , lie would, however, see that his meals were paid for during tho next two or threo days, while ho looked out for. work. ! " On Thursday the committee of the Sandhurst benevolent Asylum met to Consider the charges brought by-ihe man Horton against the super- 1 jntondoqt of thb' Institution. After n patient Investigation, tlie Jfolloiyfog resolution wbs agreed The! committee 'Is "of opinion that: the I, 83, .foiled' to substantiate the charges" mado fly ' him ' ngalnst the internal management -of tho- institution ; at the sa'me time they, think it deslrablo to instruct the super intendent to exhibit mora forbearance, and make it Ms duty to inquire' personally of the inmates daily as 'to whether tlicy have auy complaints, and not to depend upon the wardsineri alone. The committee should also be Informed, nt its weekly meeting, as to nny case of lasnbordtnn- tlon that may arise, and every facility should be given to the Inmates to complain to the com- mlttoo." The Advertiser says that tho com mittee arrived at the only decision that the evi dence would justify. We believe that a second charge — similar to the first— has been entered against Mr. W. N. M'Cann, M.L.A., and thnt a summons ognlnat him was Issued yesterday, upon an Information chargfog him with uttering a forged acceptance for over L700 A large number of allotments In agricultural areas, forfeited for non-pnyraent of rent, non performance of covenants in tho respeetlvo leases, ond non- compliance with the provisions of the Amending Land Aot, 1865, or having been disallowed after selection, or withdrawn for valuation of Improvements, or for otlior reasons will, It was notified in a Supplementary Ga zette published yesterday, be proclaimed open for leasing nt Ararat, Avoca, Bnirnsdole, Bal- laarat, Beechwortb, Belfast, Benalla, Camper- down, Dunolly, Echucn, Geelong, Hamilton, Horsham, Inglowood, Kilmore, Melbourne, Port Albert, Rushworth, Sale, Sandhurst, Stnwcll, Wangaratta, and Warrnambool, on Monday, the 24th Inst. Yesterday evening e poor woman nnmed Mary Anne Evans was found lying in Flinders lane, la a helpless state ; she was suffering from the effects of laudanum which she had token. At present nothing mare is known about her. An Inquest was held on Thursday nt tho Robert Burns hotel, near Sandhurst, touching tho doath of Ah Cheong, at the Back Creek, who died on Tuesday last of starvation. Tho jury nddtd n rider, asking the Government to adopt steps to alleviate the distress so prevalent amongst most of the Chinese. A ralher extraordinary caso of attempted self- destruction occurred yesterday morning, noar tho swamp between Hotham and Flemington. From what we can learn it seems that a young woman named Sarah Ryan had been living at the house of Mr. Jno. Caffery, Courtney street, Hotham, and for some time had not been en gaged in any occupation. She was told that she had better look for something to do ; at first she did not seem to take much notice of what was said to her, but yesterday morning about 3 o'clock she wbs missed from the houso. A search was Instituted, and ultimately she was traced to a wntcrbole near Batman's Swamp. A person passing la that direction observed n bundle of clothes neatly tied up, sur mounted by a hat, nnd with them a letter staling th-.t if search wns mado for her body, It would bo found there In the waterhole. Upon turning to tho place indi cated a head was discovered, just rising nbove the water, and It proved to be that of tbe mis guided woman. She was immediately released from her unpleasant position, nnd conveyed to tho Hospital, where she was rapidly brought raund. Mr. Wild was entertained at n banquet, and presented with an address, at his brewery, Fl'zroy, on Thursday evening by his workmen,' at wbieb there was a large attendance. After a very good repn9t had been disposed of, ad dresses were delivered by the Very Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, Mr. Birnle, Mr. James Smith, and a number of the impleyes. Altogether a very pleasant evening was Bpent. A Iodgo In connection with tbe United Ancient Order of Druids was opened on Thursday even ing, at the West of England hotel, Kerr street, Fltzroy, by District President Brother Hender son and the officers of the Acorn Lodge. The lodge was named the Victoria, and about twenty new members were initiated. A gieat number ol brothers of the order were present, and after wards sat down to a supper provided by Host Showers. The usual loyal toosts were drunk, and the evening wound up in tho orthodox fashion. This order Is rapidly increasing In strength, this being tbe third lodge opened in Melbourne during tbe past fortnlgat. At the weekly mooting of tho executive com mittee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, tho superintendent made the following return: — Number oflnmates in the Home, ns reported last week, 273 ; admitted since, 124 ; persons who have received out- dqor relief, 455, or 122 families — total relieved, 852. Discharged livtu IUU 11UIUC UUIlUg LUC WCClVj 1UO J IVttM Ul present remaining, 289; number of men oakum picking, 44; stonebrenking, 28 ; working out side, 6 ; number of women horse-hair teasing and shirtmaking, 3G. ! This afternoon a match between the Sautb Melbourne and Church uf England Grammar School Football Clubs will take placa oa the South Melbourne grcund, South Park. The South Melbourne team are Messrs. R. Foote (captain), A. Brown, Chessell, C. Crooke, Dlsher, Ffelnn, T. Foote, Gray, Hall, Jupp, Noble, Priestley, F. Reed, A. Rider, and Whcntley ; emergency, D. Reed, G. Crooke, Robinson, nnd B. Stewart. According to tlio Grenville Advocate, there are over sixty witnesses to bo examined at tbe police court, on the charge against Searlo nnd Ballon for tbe murder of Mr. Burke. The Investigation Is therefore likely to last somo days. The handicapping of the players in the Mel bourne Chess Tournament will be made public, at tbe club-room of the Melbourne Chess Club, Nissen's CalCr at 4 o'clock this afternoon. The first drawing of competitors will nlso take place at the same time, and tho play will commence on Monday next, at 4 o'clock. A young man of respectable exterior, named Daniel Canterbury, otherwise Kennybury, ap peared on remand, at the City Court yesterday morning, on a charge of Btcallng a bullock, tbe property of Mr. Duncan Campbell, residing at Taralgon, Glpps Land. On Monday week the prosecutor lost a bullock, and subsequently learned thnt it had been driven in a mob to Melbourne by the prisoner, and placed by him In the FlemlDgton sale-yards. It was stated during tho evidence thnt it was a recognised practice that If any stray cattle belonging to neighbours werp picked up on the road, nnd could not be conveniently returned', they should be sold with the mob, and the amount realised given to tho owner. One of the Campbells admitted that he had given the prisoner autho rity to sell the bullock, aud under these circum stances the case was dismissed. Mr. Sturt, P.M., desires to acknowledge tho the following sums on behalf of the ehlldron Nichols, so shamefully deserted by their parents : —Mr. Moffat, 10s.- ; Councillor M'Pherson, 10s. ; Messrs. C. Mould and Co. and workmen, LI Gs. ;lils Worship the Mayor, 10s. ; C. Boker, Government Printing-office, LI ; F. G. S., 10s. In passing sentence on a prisoner at tho Bol- laarat General Sessions yesterday, his Honour J udge Rogers took occasion to point out the evil resulting from the exposure of goods for solo outside of shop doors, and regretted that action was not taken to prevent this source of crime. His Honour gave orders to the Crown Prose cutor not to pay tho prosecutor in the ease for his attendance. The first of the winter amateur concerts of vocal and Instrumental music was given to the Inmates of tho Benevolent Asvlurn on Thursday evening last, by Mr. James H. Turner, assisted by the choir of the Weslcyan Church, Rich mond, and a few frleuds. Councillor M'Pherson, one of tho committee of management, presided, supported by Mr. Thomas Dickson and the officers of the house. A cordial voto of thanks to the Indies and gentlemen giving tho concert was- carried,- on the motion of an inmate, se conded by Mr. Clcgg. Tho chairman intimated that tuo next concert would be given by Mr. New and a few friends, on the 27tU Juno, - 1 The Melbourne Catholic Young Men's So ciety intend holding a social reunion In St. Francis'-liall on Tuesday . evening, when an address will bo delivered by the Rev. Q. V. Barry, who will preside on the occasion. The Head- quarters Band will play this aftor- noon from 3 to.5 o'clock, at tho Fltzroy Gardens, tho following morceaux : — March, "Triumphal " Golimtck; quadrille, "Marion," Hellmuiii selection from "Mirella," Gounod; overture', Oberon," Weber; wallz, "The Village Rose," Faust; selection from " Naehiloger," Kreutzcr polka, "Jolly Ofd Buffers," Slede. ' | In addition to tho ordinary attractions at tho Footseray weekly concerts and readings, the sixth of which will he given thisl-" borough-chambers, we are informed that tlemnn, who has been connected with societies since 18-21, and also a lady win g selections, and that tho local choral 8'0cilr'm fling several glees, etc. ' WW The felling of onk trees in the mwi.i, . Fingnl has been prohibited by tho Gav„ Council. mr in Tho football match between the MniuTil and Carlton clubs will bo continued this .r, noon on tho Melbourne ground. Aubor'a comic opera " The Crown D;„„ , was produced at tho Princess Theatre IaZi,'" This work, it will bo remembered. wa 'nrl Bhl' during one of the early aensans of Opera Company In 18G1, but was whu f after the first night, nnd has not sinl. s"" played in tho colonies. The libretto 1, LJA upon a somewhat romantic and rather ImZa u story, In which a Queen of Portugal assumed name cf La Catniina. ioins „ of coiners somewhere in thn ' of Estramaduro, and league, ! In the manufacture of spurious ,nL T 5 to replace the crown been stolen from the palace a „ Henrique, who Is travelling or IT upon the gang, and la about to mET punishment when La Catarina Interp-xJ ! behalf; and in return for his liberty? he g,8» ' promise not to reveal anything that I a I,.? The Don becomes madl/ fo love with 7 5r?' ' rfoa; but she seemingly does not favou hii f advances, bubsequently, withReboliedo posed unelo and chief of tho gMg sbeeJll J' ' the apartment of the Count de Camnn u Minister of Police, and narrowly yot' " nltlon through a description ol her Inn rC6" " given in the official gazette upon twtfl? ' tion of Henrique's valet. She i,„_„ ; trives to got away, andl,SwECOn: Queen ; the money for the ceremony havfoTh? ! procured by the sale of the crown jewel, wmi i the Queen wears false diamonds.' s /,! , I tho proposal of tho Council of State, and cW a husband for herself in the person of Don X, rlque, who Is both amazed and surprised i„ a„j ! the Queen of Portugal in La Catorloa' , ! coiners' gang. The music 1, light and lively n, j indeed all Auber's compositions a: e. It js'.„ 1 opera which has evidently been written fc 1 the prima donna, nnd for no one eUt- > for, so tar as tho music is concerned all tha I- other parts are made subordinate to that „fftl £ toprano. Madame Simonsen, who Eustainrd lis II role of La Catarina, sang exceedingly «t|| u8 fp florid passages receiving especial justice. Vmt H are very few solos In tbo opera, and these h,, 11 been mostly interpolated. In tbe first act i Mndame Simonsen did not exert herself suffi 1 ciently. There was a want of ection and 1 vivacity, and the net was only saved from dullness t by the humour of Mr. F. Lyster as IteboIIedo ! In the concerted music In tho second act however, Madame Simonsen was very suceesaful' ! and was reworded with tlio manifested approval 1 of tha audience. Miss Georgia Hodson, as Don Henrique, was admirably dressed and acted with spirit. She sang, "Oh whisper what thou feelest," with great tn9te. Mr. F. Lyster at Rebolledo, wns rather extravagant, and was not particular in keeping strictly to the libretto. Tho Count de Campo Mayor found o sturdy representative In Mr. Kltts, and Sebastian la Mr, Baker, who has to sing ono ot the best soles In the opera— "I thought of thee." The choruses are all exceedingly pretty, and there fore effective. The " Clang, clang," of the coiners Is not unlike the " Anvil Chorus" ol Verdi. Despite one or two Imperfectiens, the opera went well, end it is to be hoped that an. other opportunity will be afforded of hearing this delightful music. This evenlog Meyer beer's" L'Afrlealne" is to be reproduced. " The Flying Scud" Is still continued on tha boards of the Theatre Roynl, and this evening the drama will be followed by tho burlesque oi " III Treated Trovatore," iu which Miss Emily Wiseman and Mr. J. L. Hall will fill the prin cipal characters. . Tho comedy of " She Stoops to Conqtk ), with a Mr. Wordle as Tony Lumpkin, will be played at the. Hay market Theatre to-night. This is the opening night of the Theatre emmique, unuer rue i;ount ue it (junpeltcs management. " Meg's Dlvernlen" will reintro duce to a Melbourne audience Miss Elolsn Juno In the principal part.- The fnrco of "The Tuo Bonnycuutles" will be tbe afterpiece, and In thin Mr. John Dunn nnd Miss Adelaide Stoneham will appear. 