TIUE IIABITS OF BUFFALO GHOSTS. TIu Buffalo (Now York) Express contains the following extraordinary communica tion: I havo reasons for not signing my namo to the following statoemenont; and for with holding it from overy person living, al though I can pledge the word of an honest man that overy word I am now about to relate is, as far as I am capable of judging, as truo as truth itself. On the night of Christmas-ovo, then, as I was returning home after attonding Di vino servico in a coertain church in this city, on nearing my residonc I becanio suddenly aware that a strangor was walking closo boehind me, and k]oopinrg stop with me in a nmannor which I considered to be somowhat fiamiliar and offensive. Intluenced by the sacredness of the place I had just loft, and seeooing that I should soon be relieved of such undesirable company, I said nothing, but hurried my pace until I reached the stops loeading to my own door. At" this point I haltoed for a moment with the intention of scruti?ising the stranger more closely as he passed, when I became sensiblo at once, that although it was snowing rather fast, fiom the time I becaume cognisant of the stranger's proximity up to the time that I reached home none of the snow fell upon either side of us, but seemeod to have been repelled about twio foot all round from each side of us, we both, as it wore, walking in a sort of vacuum. Althougl I saw this pal pably at the time of its occurrence, and was quite aware that not a particle of snow touched either of us while we weore together, yet, strange to say, it never struck me as being singulai until I had mounted the stops and found the flakes falling on mo once more. At this junctuio I became very much alarmed, and the more so from the fiict that when I turned round on the upper stop of the flight, to endeavour to got a peop at the stranger's face, he was gone. Ilo had disappeared with the velocity of light, and under circumstances the most incomprehensible, leaving a strange im pression that I had soon him before; but as to when or where I was totally unable to determine. Completely astonished at an adventure so strange, I entered my residence, where to my surprise I found an old friend seated in my study beside a cheerful coal fire that burned in the grate, and whom I had not soon for years, although I was in the habit of constantly corresponding with him. We wore mutually delighted at the mooeeting, and I was happy at making him at home in my bachelor's quartors-I have passed into the sore and yellow leaf without having been fortunate enough to make a favourable im pression upon any one of the fair sex. At the novelty of my position, and the grati. fication it afforded me, all remembrance of msy adventure in the street was completoly lost sight of, and I adldressed myself to con versation and the mongro hospitalities that I could afford him at so late an hour of the night- my housekeeper having gone to bed. After supper and a single glass of ale each we retired to our respective apartments, to renew our conversation at breakfast, and spend a happy Christnmas-day together. Somehow or other I did not sleep very well; but as I am rather abstomious, and quite unused to lato suppers, I fancied my rest lossnoss was occasioned by even the single glass of ale and the few mouthfuls I had oaten. As the day beogan to dawn, how over, I sank into a eoop refreshing slumber, from which I was aroused about eight o'clock by the well-known voice of my aged domestic announcing the breakfast ready. I was soon up and dressed, and, as wes always my wont, passed into my study be fore going down stairs. oere, to my utter surprise, I perceived standing on the table at which my friend and I had supped two glasses-ono empty and the other iilled with alo-besido a plate, the contents of which appeared not to have boon touched. I was astonishedl and con fused beyond measure at this, for before re tiring to rest I had looked a door leading out into the hall at the head of the stairs, which effectually cut off both my study and my bedroom from all intrusion. Unabloe to account for this strange condition of the table, I instantly hastened to the apartment of my friend and knocked at the door. Re ceiving no reply I enteredo the room, when, lo and behold ! it was empty, while his bed bore all the evidence of its not having boon slept in the night previously. I ran down stairs in groeat consternation, and learned from my honsekeeper that she had not made up any beds that morning, and that not a soul had left or entered the house that morning. Utterly bewildered, I was about to make some inquiries when my attention was arrested by a knock at the hall-door. It wris the postman. Ilo handed me a letter. I opened it and sank into a chair. It con tained the announcement of mny friend's death, which occurred at Washington a few days previous. After having perused the sad contents, the recollection of my strange adventure in the street rushed in witll great force and distinctness upon my memory, while my subsequent experience in my study absolutely, for the time being, paralysed all my reasoning faiculties, although I am fir from being a stranger to mysterious sights and sounds, in the reality of which I never believed, nor do I fillly yet. But what con clusion can I arrive at in this instanco? As may be presumed, the subject has beeoon pro sent with me over since, and I now give it to the public in the hope that some explana tion may be offered in connexion with it, rather than from any desiro to make it no torious. 