Humors of the Day. PREMIUM SEWING MACHINE. ONE of the kind that a man can love. That wears a shawl and a soft kid glove; Has the merriest eye and the dantiest foot, And sports the charmingest gaiter boot; And a bonnet with feathers, ribbons and loops, And an indefinite number of hoops. One that can d*nce, and possibly—flirt, And make a pudding as weQas a shirt; One that can sing without dropping a stitch, And play the housewife, lady or witch, Ready to give us the sagest advice, And do up our collars and things so nice. We like the sort that can laugh and talk, And take onr arm for an evening walk; That will do whatever the owner may choose, With the Slightest perceptible turn of the screws; *Tta the cleverest thing that ever was seen, Our wonderful family sewing machine. * Single Reflection.—Many people lose matrimony because they can't find a patrimony. Scientific.—The reason why a rainbow is never seen in a clear sky, is that it is bent on a cloud. Makbibd in Williamson, Mass., Mr. William Williams and Miss Lizzie Williams. For par ticulars see small Bills. Wht is little Prince Victor Albert like two of the delights of out-door life in fine weather P Because he's the son and heir (sun and air) of England. «•> A Quxbt.—A correspondent writes to uk whether he would be justified in describing a small horse chesnut as a cob nut. We should think nufcr A PBBBON pretending to have seen a ghost, was asked what the apparition said to him. "How should I know?* he replied; "lam not skilled in the dead languages." Brain Fbveb.—A gentleman hearing that a literary pretender, with " plentiful lack of wit," ■had been seized with a brain fever, dryly ob served, "Oh, the the thing's impossible. "Why impossible ?" asked his informant " Because, was the reply " there's no foundation for the fever, or the report." Okcs on a time it happened that a poor wight married a shrew, who led him a piteous life. She fell ill, the doctor was called in, and the anxious, affectionate husband inquired of him how his dear spouse was ? Galen shook his head, and told him to prepare for, the worst. " What," said he " is she likely to get over it." Equation.—Two boys, oneof thembliudof an eye, were discoursing on the merits of their re* spective matters. " How many hours do you get for sleep ?" said one. " Eight," replied the other. " Eight! why I only get lour !' f " Ah!" . said the first, " but recollect that you have only got one eye to close, and I have two!" At St. Albans, Vt, a liquor-seller brought before the courts urged in defence that he so reduced his whisky by water that a man oould not set drunk on it. He came very near prov ing his case, but unfortunately for him, in an unguarded moment, he had sold one glass of unadulterated whisky, and a fine was the oon* sequence. Rkpaoteb.—A dandy once went to a doctor to be bled. The doctor, after some time and trouble, succeeded in drawing blood from hit trembling arm, whereupon the dandy, after a little of his fear had subsided, raised up his head and exclaimed, " Doctor, I think your are a great butcher." " Ay," said the doctor, " and I have just been sticking a great calf." Thi past summer, as a lady, modestly at tired, was on her way to — ■—r- on board one of the Hudson River boats, she sat quietly reading in the ladies' cabin, when a fashionably dressed dame, mistaking her for a servant/rather rudely accosted her with, "Do you know this cabin is for the ladies?" "Certainly I do," was the answer, " and I have been wondering some time why you were here." Rathss Mixes.—A tall Eastern girl, named short, loved a certain big Mr. Little, while Little, little thinking of Short, loved a little lass named Long. To make a Ion? story short, Little proposed to Long, and Short longed to be even with Little's shortcomings. So Shorty meeting Long, threatened to marry Little before long, which caused Little in a short time to marry Lone. Query—Did tall Short love big Little less, because Little loved Long ? A Cask fob Engaged Lotos.—A young man in Ohio, who had given his sweetheart two thousand three hundred dollars' worth of pre sents during their courtship and after their en* gagement, and was then jilted by the girl (she marrying another man), brought suit against her, and got a verdict for the full value of the presents, and a trifle for damages. Girls must look out how they jilt a lover after taking hit presents. When old John Danders was on his death* bed, he called his young wife, Janet, to him. " Janet," said he, " I am not long for this world ; lam wearing away fast. Now, about the business. Janet. There's Andrew, the foreman; he knows all about the shop, and all the customers like him. You will just let a deoent time elapse and then make up together." " Ohone!" said Janet, bursting into tears, " don't let that trouble yon, John. Andrew and I have settled that alieady." A " Fipfbst " Yarn.—" I went to the Legis. lature last year," said a Georgian. " Wefl, I went to Augusta and took dinner at a tavern. Right beside me sat a member from one of the backtowns that had hever taken dinner before at a tavern in his life. Before his plate was s diahrf peppers, and he kept looking at them. Finally, as the waiters were very slow in bring, ing on things, he up with his fork and in less than no time soused one into his mouth. As he brought his grinders down on it, the tears came into his eyes. At last, spitting the pepper into his hand, he laid it down by the side of his plate, and with a voioe that set the whole table in a roar, exclaimed,' Just lie there andoooL"' A GxttBBATSD physician was recently called upon to prescribe for an illiterate old lady; and as cod-liver oil, in his opinion, was the remedy for her complaint, he wrote a 'prescription for the apothecary to put up, with the formula* " Ole. Jee. Am." being an abbreviation of Oleum Jecoru Asselli, or, in plain English, cod-liver oil. The medicine was procured, taken, and in a few weeks the old lady completely recovered her health. A neighbor paid her a visit after her recovery, and expressing surprise at her im proved condition, inquired the secret of so rapid a restoration. " Why," said the old lady, lift, ing her hands in grateful enthusiasm, "it was that beautiful medicine, the oil of* jackass, that brought me on my feet again." A Witty Hibernian, just arrived in London, and wandering about, perceived a blanket at a shop door, with the inscription on it—"This superior blanket for half price." Pat walked in and demanded the price. "Five shillings," replied the smooth and polished shopkeeper. "Be my sow, and that's chape enough!" and so, folding the blanket up, and putting it under bis arm, he laid down two and sixpence, and was walking off. The shopkeeper inter* cepted him, and demanded the other half-crown. " Did'nt you say, you spalpeen, that the price of the blanket was five shillings, and sure, hav'nt I given you the half of it ? By this and that, I won't give up my bargain." A scuffle ensued, and Pat was taken to Bow Street, but when there he pleaded bis cause so well that the magistrate dismissed the complaint, and advised the shopkeeper never again to ticket his goods with " half-price." A Swkbt TuiNa in DiciKHfAJtTMi. —A pub lisher in London announces "2he Lovers' Dictionary; a poetical treasure of lovers' thoughts, fanoies, addresses and dilemmas, in dexed for reference us a dictionary of compli-. ments, and guide to the tender science." If this book should be republished in this country, we might expect to hear the lover declare- himself thus: 4 Come live with me and be my lore. And we will all the pleasures prove That valleys, groves, hills and fields, Woods or steepy mountains yields." And then it would be laughable to hear a practical female reply—" I don't see it. My tastes ain't country. I'd soonor live in a tene -1 ment house any time. I nevor was good at I climbing, but I can get up three pair of atair3 I vroll enough. Mountains are too steep travel j ling, 'specially with tilters on. I'll pass. I can't join a firm so infirm financially." How j completely dUencliautcd the poetic jouth would I be. 