OF GROWING UP. A BOY'S ADVICE TO BOYS. I am aware that to some boys who read the thought of being still a boy will be far from pleasant. They wish to become men all at once. They have grown tired of school, impatient of wholesome restraint. They fre- quently get into scrapes, but do not like to be punished for their misdoings. 'If we were men,' say they, ' we could not be compelled to go to school ; we might please ourselves, and have no more floggings, in fact, it's ever so much jollier to be a man !' I cannot agree with them. They appear to forget that they would have to become pupils in a school a thousand times more severe than that of Dr. Birchall's or Professor Cramham's, where the prizes are many and great, and where the punishments are in proportion to the rewards. There is the School of Life. Jack Highfly, an acquaintance of mine, of about my own age, lately made up his mind that he would take time by the forelock, and immediately set up for a 'man.' This pre- cocious young gentleman scorned the idea of being a boy, and so cut marbles, and tops, and kites, and hoops, and prisoner's base, and all that sort of thing, which we boys like so much, and absented himself, as far as he could, from our society. Not that we in the least regretted this, for he was always very 'prig- gish,' and affected a patronising manner very distasteful to us. So Jack Highfly set up for a man, and therewith his claim to respect as such. If we accosted him as 'Jack,' 'Johnay,' or ' John,' withering indeed did he intend the answering look of anger and contempt to be ; ' Highfly' was just endurable ; but did some timid little nine-year-old greet him as 'Mister Highfly,' he was immediately the very incarnation of affability and condescension. Then to increase the pressiveness of his outward appearance, Jack had recourse to his tailor, who decked out his willing customer in the most extrava- gant extreme of the fashion ; trousers tightly, grasping the somewhat spidery legs—coat very full and extensive about the collar, and waiscoat after the same elegant cut. On his head he always wore that most dignified of hats, which the vulgar boys call 'chimney- pot.' In his right hand he bore a cane, which he twirled, or stuck under his arm, or, in moments of contemplation, held up to his lips, but which he never could have us dain the way such things were once intended to be used the article being a little more than a foot in length. He screwed up his face into a most tortuous expression, so that he might keep up in its place (?) an eye-glass. And how sternly conscious he was of the advent of a few-early sprouts on his downy chin ! He simulated moments of perplexity, that he might with propriety stroke and fondle those harbingers of longed-for manhood. He also thought it desirable to become one of a set of brainless 'man boys' like himself, and that clique became at once his delight and misery. 'Smoke, old fellow ?' asked a member of this brilliant fraternity of Jack, as he opened his cigarcase, and lit a ' Cuba.' 'No, I don't —haven't made a beginning yet,' replied Jack, blushing to acknowledge what appeared to him such a shameful fact. 'No ?' exclaimed the other, taking the cigar from his mouth, and with great difficulty sup- pressing a cough, ' you don't say, so !' 'My people at home are awfully particular about these things,' was Jack's rueful apology. 'Well never mind, old chap, —try one now. Every man should smoke, you know.' Jack took one, and began sucking at it in a helpless sort of way, and the expression of his face was the reverse of Joyful. 'Is the old boy testy ?' presently asked Jack's companion. ' The old boy ? ' echoed Jack. ' Don't you understand ?—the governor ? Does he hold the reins tight ?' 'Oh, the guv—my father's dead.' And even the hare-brained Jack was sorry he had to mention that sad fact in such a manner. 'Beg pardon ; I didn't know, of course,' rejoined the other. ' But, then, who is so particular, as you said ?' ' Well, it's my mother. She'll be awfully cross if she knows I'm smoking.' 'Pshaw ! your mother ! you don't mean to say that you care for what your mother, says ?' laughed Jack's new counsellor. Jack felt it necessary again to apologise for having had some respect for his mother, by muttering something about 'not wishing to have any rows in the house.' 'Of course—of course,' said his companion ; far as you conveniently can; but I would never give up any rational enjoyments to suit their foolish fancies.' Just then, poor Jack, who all this time had been pulling very hard at this his first cigar, began to feel that he would do everything and anything in the world to rid himself of one of these said 'rational enjoyments.' In short, he was getting qualmish. 'In fact,' continued the Oracle, ' they're all very well for managing the girls, but they don't understand us fellahs, you know.' Jack made a silent acquisence. He felt dizzy and sick. The Oracle found that he would have to be- come the main prop of conversation. He was nothing loath. He was a willing Oracle. After some 'knowing' remarks on things in general, he asked, ' Been to the Royal—?' namely a West End theatre. A mournful shake of the head was the only reply. 'Been to any theatre ?' Another shake. The oracle grinned, and coughed out some of the smoke which had gone into his throat. ' Come, that's a good one ! Not been to a theatre.' But I suppose your mammy wouldn't let you. Ha ! Ha !'; Here a gleam of hope lit up the face of our sufferer, as he observed that his cigar was about half burnt. He knew he might now throw it away. Accordingly he did so. That was a relief, but the queer feeling did not likewise vanish. 'Good cigar, eh ?' remarked the other. ' Capital, capital !' exclaimed Jack, forcing the ghost of a smile to his countenance. He could not contain his agony much longer ; he must go. 'Good-bye,' said he, ' I'd better run home now, or I shall be late for dinner.' 'Good-bye,' answered the Oracle; 'but you must come with me to-night at the Royal — ; there is a splendid play to be per- formed.' 'But-but,' stanimmered poor Jack, ' I don't think my— ' he was going to say 'mother,' but he stopped short, dreading the sarcasm of his Oracle. 'Mammy again, I do believe,' said that gentleman. 'Come, I thought you were above that sort of thing. Do be a man, and meet me at Charing Cross at half-past five. Till then good-bye.' Jack staggered rather than walked home; and, arrived there, he had to forego his dinner and lie down. How miserable as well as ill, did he feel ! In an hour's time he would have to fulfil his reluctant promise, and present himself at Charing Cross. And not only that, but he would have to grieve his mother still more than he had already done in begin- ning, boy as he was, after all, to smoke. His mother had not long been a widow, and he was her only child. She had none to look to but him, save, indeed, that Friend who is a God to the widow, and would be a Father to the fatherless. And that son, who should have been a comfort to her in her sorrow, was becoming the source of still greater trouble. The time came, and Jack issued from his room, looking pale and miserable. Fearing to tell his mother where he was going he quietly slipped out, leaving word with old James that he would be home rather late. He found his companion at Charing Cross, and they at once set off to the theatre. Bewildered by the gorgeous appearance of the show, and the novelty of the scene, Jack for a time forgot his qualms, both mental and bodily, and was in an ecstacy of wonder and delight. His admiration of the cleverness of the 'hero' of the piece was unbounded—in- deed he thought it would be a very fine thing for him if he was such a clever fellow, and could perform such deeds of daring ; although to be sure, some of his actions were somewhat unprincipled. The performance over, he was starting off home, when the Oracle said he must insist on having his company with him to supper at the 'Lion Tavern.' After making a feeble excuse, Jack yielded ; and excited as he was by the unwonted and unhealthy scenes he had just witnessed, he drank as often as his com- panion chose, and soon unwittingly became helpless and intoxicated. The Oracle called this 'seeing life !' As soon as he perceived his victim's condition, he called a cab, and tum- bling Jack into it head over heel, ordered him to be driven home. I cannot attempt to describe the disaster and anguish of his mother, as her unhappy son was dragged out of the cab and carried up-stairs. I know that all that night she watched at her son's bedside, and prayed to God that he would change the heart of the child who was still so dear to her. In the morning she bent over him as he woke ; but he made no sign of recognition, and cried out for 'water, water!' Alarmed, she sent for a doctor, who, as soon as he came, said, 'He is in a fever. ' Yes ; the reward of disobedience and guilty pleasure had quickly come. The illness, though sharp, was not a protracted one ; and while he was regaining his strength, poor Jack had ample time in which to review the past. He saw that instead of being a 'man,' he had been making a fool of himself ; he had worshipped and copied the weaknesses of man- hood; and in aping manliness he had become as unmanly as possible. He blushed at the thought of how ridiculous he must have ap- peared in the eyes of sensible people ; he re- solved to be himself once more, and cut the acquaintance of the 'set.' ' With God's help,' said he, ' I mean in future to be a dutiful son to my mother, and not listen to the senseless sneers of Bounce and Buck. After all, my dear mother is the best friend I have in world.' Jack—he dosen't mind being called Jack now—is able occasionally to take a short walk, and just now I met him in the street, when he told me all I have been telling you. His face was no longer screwed round an eye-glass, and his 'cane' had given place to a stout blackthorn, which for the time he needed. ' Ah, Harry, lad !' said he, ' I have thrown aside that miserable switch with the rest of the senseless fobberies of which I used to be so fond. Trouble soon proves the worthless- ness of such things.' ' My dear Jack,' I exclaimed 'you are more of a man now than ever you were.' Boys, have I any need to gather for you the moral of this little anecdote ? It is : Do not attempt to be men before your time. 'Growing up' is a process not to be hurried. If 'time and tide wait for no man,' neither for him will they increase their pace. The root of this ambition is conceit; but bear this in mind, that the more you assume to yourself, the less you will be thought of by those whose good opinion is worth having. Manhood can never be attained at the ex pense of boyhood. The one should glide na turally into the other. Remember, too, that there is the growth of the mind. This, to a great extent, depends upon yourself. Your mental faculties are talents with which the Great Master has intrusted you. Do not ne glect them. Those faculties require cultiva tion and exercise that they may be properly matured. Now is the time for it. There is the growth of the soul ; woe to you if you neglect it ! It is yours to prepare for eternity; the soul must 'grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour.' Now is the time for THAT. The Quiver. 