THE BISHOP OF LONDON'S VISITATION. (From The Times, November 30th.) Yesterday was the third day of the Bishop of London's visitation, and that on which the visitation sermon was delivered. Partly on account of a desire among a vast body of the laity to hear any authorized statement on the controverted ecclesiastical topics of the day, and partly in consequence of the high character of the gentleman selected by the Bishop to address the clergy in visitation, the choir of St. Paul's, in which yesterday's service was held, was densely crowded. Prayers were intoned by the Rev. W. S. Simpson, M.A., and the Rev. J. V. Povah, M.A., after which the Rev. Daniel Moore, M.A, Chaplain in Ordinary to the Queen, and incumbent of Holy Trinity Church, Paddington, ascended the pulpit. He selected for his text the 11th chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans, verse 13,-" I magnify mine office." After some preliminary observations on the legitimate distinction between a man and his office between what might and what might not he due to him in his personal character, and that which we feel bound to accord to him on account of the place he occupies, the preacher proceeded to explain the sense in which the apostle used the words of the text-not as mean- ing that he was desirous to hedge round with a kind of indefinable and mysterious awe the sacred ness of his order, not as expecting everything be said and did was to be received with deference by the rest of mankind, but only as importing the sense of the greatness of his commission, to dispense with a world-wide prodigality and freeness the glorious Gospel of the blessed God. From this the preacher proceeded to consider the nature of the ministerial office and the means by which it might best be magnified. 1, In treating of the nature of the ministeral office, reference was made to the threefold distinction recognized in the Ordination service, as messengers, watch- men, and stewards. Under the head of messengers " to teach, as the ordinal sets it forth, stress was laid on the necessity of adapting religious teaching to the mental and moral condition of human nature, doing honour to its intellectual endowments, and distrusting the efficacy or permanence of all outward success in the ministry where the consent of an intelligent eon viction had not been first obtained for the message as a revelation sent from God. And the great facilities for doing this in the case of the modern religious teacher were pointed out as consisting in the advanced Biblical and critical knowledge of the times, the better acquaintance of all classes with the principles of mental and moral science, the many difficulties which had been cleared up by means of our modern observation and more ripened scholarships. Willingly, therefore, and with fearless trust, the religious teacher feels he can go hand in-hand with all literary and scientific progress. He is not afraid to mould his theological teaching upon the advanced knowledge of the times, and in harmony with it. He fears neither the scientific inference nor the unscientific guess, neither the probable conclusion that there may have been a world before the Mosaic world, nor the improbable hypothesis which, upon a crude theory of " continuity," would rob man of the dignity of his divine original, and convert the whole history into an empty nudity or a mocking fraud. On the feature of the office intended by the term J' watchmen" the preacher enforced the necessity of religious teachers being keenly alive to all the signs and tendencies of the times, adapt- ing their ministry to these indications as far as they could without compromise and no further. This led to the remark that Christians in our day are in danger from the plausible pretensions of a so called " free thought on the one hand, and the attempted revival of a renounced superstition on the other. The preacher did not hesitate to call, it a renounced superstition, because, said he, I should consider it a libel on the strong good sense of English men and English women to suppose that they care for flowers and incense, for waving banners and embroidery states for what they are in themselves. They are unto them for a sign-a sign of a.hasy,veiled theology, to which as yet they may give understanding but no tongue. Of the tendency, if not design of the system there could be no doubt. It is to transport the worshippers over the gulf which our Reformers had fixed between us and Rome, by means of a chariot of cloud-a ; gorgeous symbolism glittering as the world dust which is said to fill interplanetary space an atmosphere of golden mist. After some further observations on the duties of the Christian minister in his office of steward, the preacher proceeded to consider 5-ft. The way in which this office might be magnifying, which he set forth as consisting in magnifying (1) the Word, which lies at the foundation of the office ; (2) the work of the Spirit, by whom ministers are separated to the office ; (3) the person and work of Him whose glory is the aim and scope of the office and (4), lastly, in the cultivation of those graces of the Christian life and character by which the honour of the office is adorned, and its work most effectually furthered. Under these several heads positions were taken up and enforced in regard to the true and proper inspiration of the Word of God, the necessity of a true conversion of heart by the agency of the Holy Ghost and lastly, in refutation of the various modern theork's which both at home and abroad had been put forth, tending to undermine the faith of the Christian in the majesty, power, and godhead of the eternal Son of God, the preacher concluding as follows a "Humbly and afar off, my rev. brethren, be it ours to imitate the Apostle Paul in magnifying our office that is, not by the Perpetual obtrusion of topics bearing on its divine investiture, or its mystic sacredness, or its fearful superhuman power ; but as that holy man magnified it by the most elevated and impressive conceptions of its design, by the consecra- tion of all we are and have to its faithful fulfil; ment, by the habitual remembrance of that solemn account to be rendered by all who take its sacred functions upon them, and, more than all, by so exalting the person and work of Him that called us that it shall appear plainly unto all men how both the office and they who hold it are made to dwindle into measureless insignificance that He may be all in all. Amen." At the close of the sermon, which was listened to with deep attention, Dr. Travers Twiss, the Vicar-General, who was accompanied by Arch- deacons Hale and Sinclair, Prebendaries Irons, Biker, Stocks, Harness, Griffith, and Jackson, the Rev. E. H. Fisher, M.A., Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge and Domestic Chaplain to the Bishop of London, Mr. J. B. Lee and Mr. John Hassard (his Lordship's secretaries), proceeded to the Consistory Court, where the Vicar-General, in addressing the clergy, said he continued to receive satisfactory reports of the improving health of the Bishop of London, who hoped to be very soon among the clergy of his diocese. 