KAPUNDA RACES. [From our own Reporter.] The Kapunda Races commenced on Wednes- <*> day, March 20, the day's proceedings being most agreeable and successful. It is some years since Kapunda has had public races ; but this season some ot me leading sportsmen in the township and neighborhood made an effort, and procured subscriptions sufficient to warrant them in offeriug prizes calculated to tempt racing men to compete, anil to ensure several days' good sport. On Wednesday the whole town of Kapunda seemed to be alive with ex pectation, numbers of people having collected in the streets in front of the handsome hotels that adorn that town. Several of Cobb & Co.'a light coaches started ont, crowded with passen gpn, for theground, distant about two miles from Kapnti^B All along the road there were persons bent on sport and travelling to the scene of enjoyment in vehicles of every description waggonettes, buggies, carriages, and convey ances of a more modest character. Arrived at the paddock in which the starting-box was placed, we found a long line of horses drawn along the fence, with numbers of vehicles in the road. This arose from the charge levied at the gata—ls. 6d. for vehicles, whether drawn by one or two horses, and 2s. for horsemen, the latter being charged higher, on the ground that they were more trouble to keep from trespassing on the course. It being but a short distance from the gate to head-quarters, many visitors preferred leaving their horses and traps in the road, and proceeding to the ground on foot. The straight-running presented a very lively ap pearance, a number of extensive booths being pitched on the ground, while persona from all parti of the district had collected, till by the time the racing commenced hardly less than 2,000 were on the spot. Many of the leading residents of that part of the country, including magistrates, well-known sportsmen, and others of prominent position, were present. Ad?] a j^? racing men were there in great force. The most pleasing part of the day's display was the great number of fair equestrians who graced the scene, and afforded the most delightful | impres9iou of country gatherings. The horses ! that cou tended were, some of them, old veterans; others had been successful elsewhere, while some were new to fame. Village Belle asto nished the knowing ones, carrying away the Maidens and the District Race. Old Mack made his appearance in the Town Plate, but did not run as usual He cannot last for ever, and we were sorry to see the game old horse at a disadvantage. The running in the Town Plate lay lietween Charlie O'AUlley, who was terribly lalue, and Stag, the former winning the first heat, Stag the second. At the third heat Charlie's owner would not torture the horse any more, and allowed Stag to walk over. The Hacks was a gift to Mr. J. Harvey's Minna. The running lay through several paddocks, and for some distauce over ploughed grouud, | severely trying the wind and mettle of the horses. We will now give the races in order, begiuuing with the MaiJeu PLile, 20 soys. ; one mile; weight for age; entrance, 2 soys. For this there were seveu entries. Mr. H. Bawden'3 blk.ui. Village Belle, aged Stevens. . ■ •■ ■•- ■•. 1 Mr. Morris's b.b. Happy Jack, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (Sbugg) 2 Mi. Siuiuions'a b.h. Twilight, aged, 10 st. 1 11?. (Owner) .*5 Mr. «>. Adcock's |b.f. Tormentor, .*> yrs., 8 st. 8 lb. (Nunn) 4 Mr. O. Adcock's b.g. Coronet, 4 yrs., 9 st. 81b. (Drawu) 0 Mr. O'Daa's b.ui. Jenuette, 5 yrs, 9 at. 12 lb. (Fitzpatrick) 0 Mr. Jan. Harvey's c.f. Minna, 3 yrs., 8 at. 8 lb. (Calvin) 0 The hones got away fairly. Village Belle took the lead soou after starting, aud kept it all through, winning by a length ; Happy Jack second. Twilight third, aud Tormentor fourth. Town Plate, M soys. ; two miles, heats; weight for age. Butrance, 5 soys. Five entries. Mr. J. Scott's b.g. Stag, 5 yii, 9 St. 111b. (Tothffl) 2 11 Mr. H. Pegler'sg.g. Charlie O'AlaUey, aged, 10 sU 1 lb. (Owner) 1 2 dr. Mr. W. O. Morris's br.h. Darkie. 4yrs., 9 st. 5 Hi. (Shugg) .'{ 0 0 Mr. L. Barnard's b.g. Bodyoolee, 4 yrs., 9 st. 5 lbs. (W. Simpson) Mr. Ryan's eg. Mack, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (Stevens) At the first heat Charley O'Malley took the lead and kept to the fore, though hard raced all round by Stag, and won by a trifle; Stag second, Darkie a good third. Second Heat.—The grey was very lame, both in his fore leg, and was also lame behind. It seemed impossible that he could have the ghost of a chance; but he made a hard race of it, notwithstanding his crippled state. A very fair start was effected, Stag tnlring the lead, waited on very closely by O'Malley. The grey soon caught his opponent, and they straggled for it; but Stag got ahead again. As the lot approached the straight running the first round Stag led, Darkie and the grey coming behind together, the others all in a lump. On reachiug the ploughed land again the horses were all in a ruck ; and coining round for the race in Charlie O'Malley shot forward, passing Stag, when a terrrible race followed. Stag recovering bis ground and winning by a neck, Dai-kie third. Mack's rider whipped him after passing the post, and the horse threw him, or rather he lost his balance and felt Booyoolee was no where in particular. The third heat Charley was drawn and Stag walked over. District Race, of 20 soys.; one mile—heats; weight for age. Entrance, 1 soy., for all horses ; the bona fide property (previous to January, ltfCT), of residents within 20 miles of Kapunda. Four entries:— i Mi-. H. Bawden's blk.m. Village Belle, aged (Stevens Oil Mr. G. Morris's b.g. Railway Harry, aged(Shugg) 022 Mr. Mullen's b.g. Odd Stocking, aged (Robinson) ... 0 3 3 Mr. J. Shannon's g.g. Prophet, 3 years (Waring) 0 0 0 First Heat.-Poor start; Oddstocktug lead ing ; Railway Harry second. Soon the lot gathered together and Village Belle showed to the fore, but Railway Han? collared her, and a desperate race ensued, resulting in a dead heat; Oddstocking third; Prophet next inside a post, and was disqualified. Second Heat. —A great race ; the Belle win ning by a length and a-half, hard held; Railway Harry second ; Oddstocking a bad third. Third Heat.—Oddstocking led off, but soou had to give way, the Belle and Railway Harry rapidly overhauling and passing him. At the ploughed ground Railway Harry was flogging and trying his best, bat at the straight running the mare shot ahead and won easily. flacks. —Sweepstakes of 10a., with 5 soys. added. Mile heats; weight, 8 etone; post entrance. Six entries. Mr. J. Harvey's Minna. 1 1 Mr. Scott's Quiz the Wind 0 2 Mr. Smith's Beda ... 2 3 Mr. Adcock's Alice. Mr. Ryan's Nellie. Mr. Batten's Juliet. Both heats were a gift to Minna—Quiz the Wind and Beda, however, tunning well for second place. This coucluded the day's sports, and the assembly broke up. Throughout the day there had been no accident of any import ance, and no disorder. In the evening Kapunda was very lively, the hotels being so crowded that it was difficult to procure a bed. Mr. Chas. Knight exhibited fireworks in the yard of the Sir John Frauklyu Hotel, and had a large attendance of spectators, who seemed delighted with the beautiful and varied display of the pyrotechnic art they were favored with. 