A GLASGOW "ENOCH ARDEN." fFrom the Glasgow herald.! If Tennyson wanted a case to prove tlie possibility of the incident upon which his latest poem "Enoch Arden" is founded, we are in the "position of being able to supply him with one, the scene of which is laid in this city, and which we have" taken par ticular care to authenticate. In the month of March, 1858, the dead body of a man was found floating in the Clyde, somewhere above the bridges, and taken to the Humane Society's Receiving House, .where it lay for identification. It curiously happened at this very time that two men went a-missing in Glasgow, the husbands respectively of Mrs. S. and of Mrs. T. A gentleman, a friend of the latter woman, knowing of the strange absence of Mr. T., called at the dead-house to look at the corpse of the drowned man, which was considerably decomposed, and could only be identified by marks not wholly dependent on corporeal preservation. After a minute inpection this gentleman came away con vinced that the body was unquestionably that of Mr. T., to whose wife or widow he communicated his conviction. Unwilling, however, to believe that her husband either by accident or design had come to such an end, the woman declined at first to visit the dead-house for the purpose of setting the matter at rest. But the propriety of her doing so was presented to her in so strong a i light that she at length consented to accom- ! pany her friend, although she still held out against the possibility of the dead body being that of her husband. She could not, of course, be otherwise than satisfied of the j truth of her belief, when on arriving at the j dead-house it was found that the corpse had been already claimed by the other woman as | the body of her husband, who had also gone a-missing. This put an end for the time to the more serious side of Mrs. T.'s anxiety, and she returned home therefore comparatively comforted—her relief, however, being the measure of the apparently authentic widow's : grief. It will serve to show the certainty of this woman as to the identity of the I corpse she had claimed and taken home, ] when we mention that she applied for j and received six or seven pounds of funeral money from the Liver Society, of which her husband had been a member. The remains of the man were buried in due course, and the widow mourned as for the death of one whom she should never again behold. Little did she or her friends dream of the remarkable manner in which the genuineness of her sorrow was to be speedly tested. In these days no person expects to see a ghost; neither did Mrs. S. expect to see one shortly after the funeral of the drowned man ; but if for one awful moment about this time she was under the impression that she saw the | ghost of her husband, she might well be ' excused, for that husband, in propria persona, did actually on one evening open the door of j his own house, and walk quietly into the presence of his really terrified wife. It thus became clear that it was the corpse of some other man which the dutiful wife had buried. So far, therefore, there was no death in this family, but death-was in the wind, and would not be baulked of some further prey. That prey was not far to seek ; for it appears that this poor creature, at the time of her husband's disappearance, was in somewhat j delicate health, and the shock she received J at the sudden and totally unexpected appari- ! tion of his proper self affected her so pro- j foundly, both physically and mentally, that it "was regarded as the proximate cause of her death, which took place not long afterwards. The husband also sickened and died, and the origin of Ms mqlady was at the time pointedly attributed to the unfortunate part he had acted in the affair of his wife's death, of wMch he was in so large a measure the unintentional cause. Thus ends the tragic ] prologue to our present story. The case now stood thus :—As the body wMch had been buried was not that of the person it was presumed to be, and it was still otherwise unclaimed, the question arose— might it mot, after all, have been tbe corpse of Mr. T., whose wife was so unwilling to | believe that her hushand was dead ? Proba bility was certainly in favour of such presump tion ; and the gentleman, whom we have I mentioned as having inspected the body of the drowned man, and who was personally acquainted with Mr. T., returned to his original belief, holding it more tenaciously than ever, as to the identity of the corpse. Naturally, of course, the arguments which Mrs. T. formerly repelled as inadequate, now received some colour of authenticity from the new circumstances. We shall briefly refer to these arguments, wMch, as will be seen in the sequel, are curious in a threefold sense. In the first place, the hushand of Mrs. T. was of short stature, and stout. So was the husband of the other woman, and so was the body of the drowned man. In the next place, Mrs. T.'s husband wore, when he disappeared, a neck scarf of a certain pattern. The husband of the other woman, wore an exactly similar scarf, and so i did the body tbat was picked from the Clyde. Again, Mr. T. was known, when he left home, to have one of his boots patched in a peculiar manner. One of the boots of the other woman's husband was also patched in the same style, and of the boots worn by the dead body, one of them was patched exactly like that of the other two. These triple coincidences were, however, rather curious than marvellous or convincing as arguments. Thousands of men are short and stout; thousands of men wear cravats of a similar pattern; and thousands of men wear their boots in the same manner, and are therefore obliged to have them patched in similar style. Another small coincidence may be added. Air. T. was known to have "been a regular reader of Beynolds's Miscellany, and a copy of tbat periodical was found in the coat pocket of the drowned man when he was taken from the river. But all such facts put together, used as arguments, must ever be inclusive in cases 'so serious as the identity of a human body. The most singular coincidence in the present affair, however, remains to be indicated. We have already said that the body was a good deal decom posed. This was particularly true of the face, but other parts were better preserved, and especially the left hand, the thumb of | which, at the bowl was unusually enlarged. Now, this was a peculiar feature of T. 's left hand, and when the gentleman whose con nection with the affair we have already men tioned went to view the body, one of the first things he did was to examine the left! hand to see what size of thumb was there. I His surprise and grief were great indeed when he discovered this remarkable feature on the hand of the dead man, which at once convinced him that the body he saw there was that of his friend. But here again , begins tbe singularity of the matter. The hushand of the other woman had also an exaggerated thumb ; and it was in fact partly, if not wholly, by tMs mark tbat she identified the body as that of her missing partner. Thus, then, thereturnof one husband, asahove detailed, proved that he at least had escaped a watery grave ; wMIe the continued absence of the other husband greatly strengthened the probability that the corpse claimed and ' buried under another name, and car account of which funeral money had been received, was the body of Mr. T. I , These instances, as we have already said, ' ' occurred in the spring of 1S5S. When Mrs. I T.'s husband disappeared, she was not only I left wholly unprovided for, in a wordly point of view, but she had two young children to I ! increase the weight of her responsibility and ! j deepen her subsequent sorrow; for after 1 : this event her course of life was one con- | j tinual struggle with adversity, in which she j i was for some time defeated at every point. I j Xt is neither permissible nor is it necessary to i repeat her story up to the present year, but if it were so it would present too painful a 1 picture for pleasant reading. Two or three I points will suffice to link the past with the ' present. In the first place, Mrs. T.'s two children died, one after the other, under circumstances of an exceedingly sad nature. These deaths were like new blows dealt upon old but still opea scars—-no tidings, not even the faintest trace, of her absent liusband having reached her from any quarter. The weary laborious months lengthened them selves into years, yet still no tidings ; and at last the poor woman began to think that her friend was right in his persistent declara tion that it was her husband who was drowned in the Clyde. Slowly as other years passed away without bringing the slightest hint of the absent one, her unwilling fears that she was indeed a widow hardened themselves into actual conviction. There was nevertheless a clinging element of doubt in her mind, and she repelled for a time certain suitors who would willingly have made her a wife a second time ; for she was still comparatively young, and rather good look ing. By the beginning of the present year, however, aff hope had died out of her heart that she should ever again see her husband alive in this world. She believed, in fact, that he was dead, and this belief was deepened by a circumstance which occurred in March Last. The gentleman who had taken such an interest m her case, and who had seen the body of her drowned husband, as he supposed, died of consumption. But on his death- bed he in the most solemn manner reiterated to her his unshaken belief that Mr. T. was dead, and assured her that she might, with a good conscience before Cod, take another husband. It was now eight years since the disappearance of Mr. T. She at length fully believed herself a widow, and consented tojmarry a second time. But even then, in order to dissipate the possibility of doubt, the widow, before the marriage, visited her first husband's relatives in Ayrshire, to make sure that they knew or had heard nothing of the long-absent man They assured her that they were as abso lutely in the dark as herself regarding the fate of their friend. This was enough. She returned home to Glasgow satisfied, was married to Mr. M., her second husband, in the beginning of April last, and, up till I within two months ago, was living haopily with him. By these successive statements, the reader is probably prepared to learn that this sadly true tale of mystery culminates in a peculiar manner and at perhaps the unluckiest stage of it. This, we confess, is the unfortunate fact; for about six or eight weeks since the husband, who was supposed, and not without fair circumstantial evidence, to have been drowned in the Clyde, presented himself suddenly in Glasgow. The effect of his coming may be imagined. No ghost from the grave could have startled more the person upon whom he first called, enquiring after his wife. It seemed an extraordinaiy case of the " dead alive." The surprise was speedily over on the one side, and it was soon the absentee's turn to be surprised when, in reply-to a question, he was informed that his wife was certainly living, but married to another man, though how he could be surprised at any fate which might have befallen the poor creature it is not easy to conceive, considering that she had been deserted eight years and a half before, and left penniless, resourceless, almost friendless, and with two children. We have now j leached delicate ground, and desire to speak ] with all circumspection. Not much more in the meantime, however, remains to be added. The returned husband and his wife—a wife in a double sense—had of course an inter view, the nature of which may be partly conceived when we say that for pathos the great master of sensationalism could not in his finest moods approach it. It was a peculiarly cruel position for the wife, who had for so many years toiled and suffered, and only at the last moment got into some thing like smooth water. The question will naturally occur—Where was the husband all I this time? Simply in England, quietly pursuing his trade, and, we may presume, living a comparatively comfortable life. We say nothing about his motives for such . conduct, although we have heard something about them; but the mere fact of such a prolonged absence in a land of railways, post- I offices, and telegraphs, without communica ting to his wife or friends a single syllable as to his whereabouts, has by no means a comely appearance. The wife has twenty defences, but for such conduct on the part of the husband there seems no defence what- ' ever. As, however, we have at present j nothing to do with the legal or moral bear ings of the case, we suspend the narrative; but in doing so it may be permissible to hope that the parties concerned in it may be i actuated by the spirit of wisdom should any I attempt be made to unsettle present arrange- | ments—which we humbly think would be unadvisable, for reasons of a perfectly guess able nature. Who the man was whose body was found I in the Clyde, and who so closely resembled two other men, then alive, is likely to remain a mystery for ever. 