I . ; . i BA8T;BTDNBY BLEOTION. . I>aj i I- ' MB. BDMOIKIN'Í HCBTIXO« . I IA mooting/of tho Monds and supporter*' ot ,«*.? Marshall Burdokln waa bald lut avenlng, i.t tba Bobin Hood Hotol (Mr. Blake's). Thoro was a full mooting" Insido, and a largo gathering outside . . ,. ; , Tho chair was token by Mr. Aldormsn BBADVORD. who said bo bad known Mr. Burdokln for flftoen or ali toon years, evoreinco ho (Mr. Bradford) bad been in tho colony,' and thought him worthy ot thoir support' But tho question now waa between protection and free trade Ile (Mr. Bradford) bad beau a frootrador all his lifo; and ho could not refrain from taking part in this sle'otion. Mr, Burdekin was a man who had 'a vory liberal education, and was both in pockot and in pria* oiple an indopendont mac Ho was euro Mr. Burdekin would servo tho good of tho country in Parliament (Oheers.) . Mr. BRNJAHIN JAMBS proposed-"That Marshall Burdokln, Esq., is a flt and propor person to represent the doctorate ot East Sydney in Parliament." Forabout twenty.flvo years ' ho had taken Tpart in publio affairs in .this-not his nativo-but bis adoptod oity. Ia solocting a candidato ho always looked to antecedents rather than to present professions. Ha bad lookod woll to the antecedents ot Mr. Burdekin; and found ko bad always Intelligently voted, and was ready to give a reason for his vote. Mr. Burdekln's votes had boon always on tho right side. He (Mr. Jamos) did not want to ride rough-shod over tho aristocracy ; ho llkod men who had plenty of property. (A laugh.) But ho liked to seo thom got it honestly. One of tho crying evil« of tho last tow yoars lind been that men wont Into tho Houso to get billots for them- selves, their eons, or thoir nophows., (Hear, hear.) Ho had rather pay members diroatly than indirectly by means of euoh Influence. Mr. Marshall Burdekin waa not likely lo go into tho House lo look' out for a billot for himself. (Hear, hear.) Ho was placed , by the kindness of Providence above that temptation. There woro four or five oppononts to Mr. Burdokln. Bat ho thought nbao of them had a ghost of a chance against Mr. Burdekin. Mr. Thurlow was on co cloded for Sydney ia opposition to Mr. Parkes, the present Colonial Secretary. But Mr. Thurlow stood in a vory dîneront position nowbofore them. Ho (Mr. James) had often supported Mr. Thurlow oe Mayor and alderman. But. ho felt it his duty now to opposo Mr, Thurlow. Mr. Patterson and Mr. Drans fleld had reeignod. Tho nomination of Mr. Aldorrr.on Stool was, ho supposed, a joke. Thero was Mr Alderman Ronny aa a protectionist. On that question he admitted thoro woro tbreo or four mea in this city entitled to respect-such as John Sutherland, Robert Stewart, Jamos Murpwy, and Mr. Alderton who advocated protection. But ho thought they woro mistaken. He (Mr. Jamos) was a builder, and ho sup- posed one-tonth of the working people of Sydney wera employed in building. Now if thoy burned tho ships, and pot a chain across the harbour, what would these builders find to do Î Protection meant the robbery of the many for the benefit of tho few. (A volco t Jamos, you talk nonsense ) Ile appoalod to tho working min -to the carponter, tho bricklayer, tho joiner-if he h sd bis wages lowered, and had to pay dearer for his shoes and clothes, would bo bo bettor off Î It was tho truo principia td buy in tho cheapest market and sell in the dearest, to moko tho most of thoir labour. (Hoar, hear.)' Thoro was a timo when thoro was an outcry against cotton maohinory, and again against locomotivo cmrfnee. .Perhaps thero woro a very tow persons hero who prcforrod tho bullock dray to tho railway train. (Iiaughtcr.) He quoted tho opinion sf Mr. Yiokory and another largo importer as to tho pernicious influonco of tho now customs duties on trade. Tho protectionists bad not a stick or etone in tho colony. Thoy had no vested intoreet tn tho colony. Ho remem- bered Henry Brougham's reasoning . with a Chartist chimney swoepor, wno .advocated diviaioaof property t end s*id, when Industry and idleness, .temperance and drunkenness, bad mado inrquality, there must be another division. So with tho protectionists. (Cheers and laughter.) . Mr, GLIB?AN sooonded tho motion. His motto bad always been measures not men. na suppoi ted Mr. I Marshall Burdekin bocauso ho believed bim. to bo a proper man, and an advocate of sound principios. Ho warned them against a policy that would make clothing and shoos dear. Protection would bo tho ruin of tho country This was a Ano country, and needed only good govornment. But tho ad valorem duty was playing the deuco with tho working men. Freo trade was best for the colony, and best for the ris'ng veneration. He therofore willingly seconded tho reso- lution. (Oboers.) Mr. J. P. LAUD said bo hoped thoy would hear Mr. Burdekin himself, to-morrow evening, at Punoh and M'Grath's. His (Mr. Burdekin's) principies be bad stated at a' former meeting. Mr. Burdekln's interests wera identified with those of the colony. Ho (Mr. Lamb) was a nativo of East Sydney, and ho hoped the day was not far distant when tho Custom-house would be shut up altogether. Then tbs shipping of all tho Australian colonies would be brought to this port. If the wages of a few workmen wera doubled, they would havo to pay doublotho prico for tho necessaries, of lifo. Ho reminded tho meeting that Sir Robert Peel, In his lator days, reflectod with pleasuro on the fact that his policy had secured cheap bread for the poor, all the moro sweet because lt was not leavoned with a senso of Injustice (Cheers.) Mr. Burdekin would appear boforo them to-morrow and explain his principles. Mr. Henny was a worthy man ; and ho would like to eeo him Major of Sydnoy, but ho was not known os a politician. (Obeors.) The Secretary, Mr. Grocott, read a lattar from tho chairman of tho Liconacd Victuallers' Association, Mr. Edward Byrno, stating that as Mr. Burdekin lind promised to do bis best for - tho nmonded bill now boforo tho House for tho removal of grievances that boro upon tho licensed viotuallerp, that association had agreed to support bim, end thst tho names appended to tho advertisement in this morn- ing's papors wore inserted without authority. Four out of tho seven named in that advertisement, denying the truth of Mr. Byrne's former etatomonr, had authorised him (Afr. Grocott) to stato that tboy fully agrcod with tho lotter of Mr. Byrno. Mr. Burdekin bad stated that, if returned, ho would moko it ono of his first duties to remedy tho' injustice by whioh the licensed victuallers woro now tho most heavily taxod doss in tho community. Mr. HALE said be nover bad beon convinced of tho necessity of protection until now, that honest citizens woro - not pormiltod to moot to discuss their common interests in peace. They ought to bo i rotoctcd from men who wanted to rush that room, OB thoy rushed another mooting last night (Tho protectionists were making much nolso outside) This violonco would do thoir causo good; but lt was vory unpleasant. Tho question was not so muoh between tho candidates per- sonally, as wbotbor they should have freo trade or return to tho system of protection abolished in England.. Ho (Mr. Halo) was deeply eonccraed in an undertaking ' to bring ships to this colony to tako away tho. raw produce of the colony, especially coal. Mr. Henny was a respeotablo man.' But on this question ho was mlstakon. He called on thoso prosent at Lamy's Frankfort Hotel last night, whothor they svor saw anything so dttgraoofu. as tho conduit of tho protootioniste there (Hear, hoar.) Ho recognised them as tba very mon who rushed tho platform In tho Exchango somo timo ago. Ho hoard at this moment tho volco of one who rushod tho platform. (N. Molvlllo.) Tho impudonco was tho moro astounding as neithor that man nor his father was on tho elootoral roll for East Sydney. It showed a great amount of oxosllont temper that tho oloators bad put up with tho f rantio ravings that upset their meeting ; nnd especially na thoro was a largo numbnr of honest Irishmen there, ho must say thoy kept their blood in check with . groat crodit. (A volco i Honest Irishmen,) Honest Irish- men! Tes. He (Mr. Halo) employed a good many mon, and among them ho could naroo many honest Irishmen. Ho, as an employer of labour, never asked a man's crcod-or his country. He found by a telegram from Mo'.bourne that in consequence ot tho prosont tarin trada was at a stand. A telegram in tho Harald from Adclaldo said " Oar escort trado has coased; aud thero aro no frolghts for Melbourne" That was Ibo elToot of a tariff that fotiored trade. To Sydnoy in particular, with its unparalleled advantages for extended commerce, this was.a'mailor of tho utmost importance. Ho remembered a master of a ship, Mr. Pope, after having to submit to all tho potty annoyances of our Custom-houso-thoy would not permit him to tako In coal, while bo had any iron on board-said to him (Mr. Hale) " Sir, if tho pooplo of this colony only know tho immense advantage thoy would havo if thoy mado this a froo port, it would bo beyond calculation. This extensivo harbour, it free, would bo ss great a depot for tho Paoiflo and nil thoso colonies as London is for Eu ropo." (Cheers.) Would fros trade tond to devolop that or protection? Would pftteattod bring our sploiidld'' harbour "tri to'its pf Oner reputo ? , Uo was sure protection would divert traillo from'its proper oliannol | and ha was surd we could do without it As for taxation, direot taxation would bo tho best for all partlos, but tho pooplo required to bo educated up to. lt; Ho found, his fatally preferred colonial - nudo aliona, ..orj r 'ooie because,' «hoy woro'' superior -artloles, and tatted longer.- Were thoy propared - to put a duty on flour.and -wheat! (No.) ,lioca«»o If they protected doola and "ahboi, whf not protect tho farmor who in this country le exposed to drought and floods, and other dangers? It only required consideration to soo the rights of this question. It required an effort on the part of all who wero concornod for tho wot faro of the country, to send Into Parliament men who would faithfully and wlsoly dlschargo tholr duty to the coun- try- , - , \- : Tho resolution waa thon oarrlod unanimously with applause. \ Mr. Cooi/ria, an old rosldent in tho neighbourhood, moved, and Mr, HCMHKSIBT seconded, that thia meet, ting resalvo itself into a committee, to promoto tho election of Mr. Marshall Burdekin. ' Tho motion was carried and aoted upon. ' \- A vote of thank« to tho Chairman oonoludod the proceedings. 