Th.0 Sydney Gold Cup. : [By ' Pegasus,' In the Sporting life.l As the , non-contents for the great Autumn Handicap have. now declared themselves, it is a fair thing to give an opinion touching this latest and moat abused effort of Mr. Lackey.. ., If \ ever the verdict of tho owners of horses gayo a flat denial to all the fault finding of oarnprs, it haa done 80 this timo : for hot only wero thero but four aecedera on tliii thirty-first, but of those one only could havo been influenced by his weight in what he did. Falcon, bo common report has it, and' I am very much grieved to hear it, has gone all to piecea ; his ill luck seeming to Btick to him right through the season, bo that his weight jcould have nothing to do,!; ' with his leaving the list Buccaneer has „* , convinced Mr. Thompson that he is no Cup::,.'', horso; and ?„ I question if he would have ac- ;';' cepted witK a stone lcaa on his back. Ham-^.... let could hardly quarrel with his treatinent ': ,; V at 73t . 4Ib ; , and so tho only one whosa ' ;' weight has; caused his retirement, is JPrei;', mier.' It 'would bo! very strange indeed, as'!' .' well (13 unprecedented, if in .-Wield of nearly forty horses there were not one that thought ',,, it prudunt lipt to accept ; and , after all tho , outcry thero, has been over this Sydney Cup people who only wont by what they heard, ,, V would have expected at the very, smallest,,^, fifteen defaulters. So, indeed,' Baid our book- ','''' ,5 maker3— ' Thero .', were only two or three-','-, nags that would bo backed— tlie Molbonrno horses had no ghost of a chanco — and alto gether, it was:, the worat handicap that ever had been seen.' I never waa of this opinion. V-Iibok' at tho , handicap which wav I would: I could boo nothinc to coin plain of,' beyond tho usual amount of what j miist bo 'looked upon as errors inseparable I from handicapping a large field of horses, in a country whero it is almost impossible to arrive with certainty at any reliable account ,.'.1 of, their performances. 1 fancy that Mr. ,-;;,' Lackey ' uinat havo devoted 'an unusual, -,' '-r amount of time and consideration to this hari-^J -.? dicapi'and I am not disiiosed to^accept as inf, t ;. j ' disputable the i verdict' against it, simply -be^ Vi j cauao;Tim Whifller is aaid'to bo.a cortainty.S'v Dr that.only two or threo animiua have yet , :: ?, been backed. : Beginning at the top, I do not . t hink Tarragon's friends could'expect him to ,-; j,'.; have less 'on ;his' back, aridYthb fact of .his . '.-.},. being backed at 10 'to 1 shows pretty plainly ,:,',[ that they likb his chance. 'Yattendon, too,,. :„/ is greatly fancied at Oat 91b, 'arid. if that bo a.' ; ,.-[ fair weight for him IVdbii't see, how- Tim,. jj ?%, Whifller could have rribre on 'hini than Kov.'j-.r, has, seeing that.at Ost 81b, arid 7st 41b-Yat- .,., tendon' beat him in tho Metropolitan, though.; .' r Mr.'.Rutledgo's liorso was i! lame, hs.a ^tree at'.. ; \j starting.' dud Tim had ruii ;6uly a day or. two '. ?.' .f^ provibusly a splendid, race ,with Gulnare for- VV/r the Derby St.* Legor. . TheiiV as rcgarda'i';tho v ''-iT adjustmont.of Sveigbts between Tim and Mr. -. '. .' , Leo's filly, I am-far'frbin aedirig' so' much 'to .( -.,'j find fault with as ituis, fashionable to find.' W_ unn.l J...1I 1. — ? 1. ii. _ _V ? I ? L 1 ? J' via caiwoc ccii.now mucu^tue cuestnuc nap. r. in hand-whon slio boat Tim ; and she was.', ' ,„ afterwards able - to ' win with . 8at 121b ';',' '? 'up. ^Besides, ? on tho ' first day ' of the' ; ; meeting aho was recovering only after,' ,. having been -very recently amiss, and, it;;; ; is quite just to suppose that she waSjiidtA -?_ .- herself. Tho Held behind .Tim in tho Derby ' ?:'. St. Loger wero very bad, as wo havo had :, ';'.- plenty of opportunities of seeing ; and Ludio, ,.'?'- tho only ono 'that haa performed decently ??','? afterwards, received: 51_b and a beating -,- from Gulnaro. Taking Tim by his nuining ? '.???, in the .Metropolitan, I cannot seo that, ho is i tho i certainty some, , people... consider, him,, ; .neither am 1 of opinion that Gulnarois quitor ;;: - out of the race for the Cup, because sho did not win the Tatteraall's Handicap.'; I think ' ''J at this weight she might havo been' better i '- ridden than she was in that race. Volunteer's. ,;: bas'got about the weight I Bhould havo ox-.' -:; pected him to have, arid the three next, ', . O.IC;' Premier, and Falcon, are but of it, tho . - ,-. first-named having broken down badly, in ?: thoraco on Tuesday. Sultana I can only ,. draw the same lino about, as I did for tho' .': Melbourne Cup ; but sho seenm to bo fairly ,,' in if oho gets over her Melbourne' mishap.' I . think, according to'all Warwick's late doings, the opinion entertained of ? him seems a little - too high; for !Icau never believe him to bo ' aCup. horse in such coriipany until I ,see ., him do 'a better-performance than any I ??' know of, him before..' There waa a great ouJ^p^^jf cry about tho Melbourne hovsea being j-litf--* — in. wlion tho woigats firBt appeared, '.;,H as none of them,) have been, withdrawn, re think little can be said. Exile has fourT, pounds inoro on him than when he ran ia the Melbourne Cup, aud Tho Barb has eight, .'. . . bo. that these two cannot either of. them . complain, as far as an£ comparison. between { them goes ; but, all things considered, Tho '. Barb ia best in of the two. I bolieve. Sir *? Solomon and Maid of the Lako are. both ? left in, so their owner is evidently' ? not mucn dissatisfied ; but I should have liked, the' ; horae better for it had ho shown more heart i t'.is week at IttindA'ick; and there are, too, ;' many light weights of good quality for the ' Maid to pull oif this big ovent, though her performances unfortunately have just been f;ood enough to justify tho handicap. Tal eyrand and Woodman aro about in tho samo category; both not over-estimated, if they , . - had not lost their pace, which I think they '?''? must have by this timo of day ; and then I ' como to Pacha, as good a bit of stuff as ever was saddled, and well enough in, too, if he ,r were sound. Next after, (tulnarc, Bulgim-' - bar heads the four-yr-olds ; and I think, lie's' : C very well in ; for wo must remember j that ho beat Tho Barb at woight ' for age, or, rather, I ought to say, v at fifteen pounds for tho year, seeing that Tho Barb carried Sib extra, and so mado his weight 7st lllbtoSst 12lb on Bulgimbar. Now thoy avo at 7st 81b and 7st 51b— an al teration that is mnnh nrr.iinsf. f hn throo vr old, albeit he is now many nionlha older than he was when Bulgimbarbe.it him. At the end of tho season, ,- good three-yr-olds, if .'? really good, will; stand n deal of weighting; . and I certainly don't think The Barb is liandi- , capped out of this raco, although ho does, look pretty heavy in' at'^tho first glance. -.','?? Nowif ho has a chance,, Bulgimbar must; ??':':. havo a better; but I havo serious misgivings' ; about tho way he will bo brought out' Ho,' '/'}' isnot a-'colt 'that likes too niucii knocking '.'. ..'.- abont;; and if ,.ho gets ..what Maritana has -?' ' lately been poppered with, I'm afraid ho will: ;'.' como to tho.aaino- bad end. I hopo not,',', however ; for he is a' good colt| and 1 should ',''. ' liko to see him como out for this Clip iri good '' fettle, and show us whether that fatal Alai- ., - deu Plate was a mistake, which I for ono ' ; . '. firmly beliovo it was. , ? \ ... 'i Tho Dane, by his performances iii tho ? spring, I think fully, entitled to his woight, though I very muoh question his quality being ; good enough' Jor what he has to meet ; , and Stoorsman I know very littlo about whereon1' \\.,i to form au opinion. ' 'Voltigour I heard a -, : week or two back had gono lame, but as he ' remains ,'m-I hope such ia not the caso ; and now Ijobrao to tho Bpeedy Glenyuillo, a nag ' ' thjatcan hardly be said to lia'vb in'bro than'a ^ f fair impost. Great speed very 'often' serves a'; horsa for staying power, -and it will not sur- ;' prise me to find it so in the'prcsent instance.' ' Ludia and Bylong at 7at each would look aa if the four-yr-old had a littlo .tho; best of it ; but in tho Forced Haudicap tlio oo^ gave .hoi- a good, beating when they ran (it lolb . . ... difforcncb.j Jlr. Town's filly is 'priojbf-tho:';;) improving sort, ;and has growu into a; (irie,y^,T animal since sho' first camo out; and for .ill ,fv% that, and because of thbsamo reasons whv I . . prefor The Barb to Tim Whifllor at the . '. : weights, I must givo tho pi'ofereuco to Bylong , ,? over Ludia at tho weights, especially as wo; , know that tho colt likes the distance arid , ha3 quality, enough for the company. I havo nevor wavered in my opinion of Fish i Hook, and I aeo no reason in lato events to i alter it now. The Barb always will make tho soft young Fisherman safo at nine pounds, and four pounds, won't bring tb8 latter alongside of Bylong ; but I don t jeo very clearly how the weight could -lave been moro equitably adjusted amois this lot of three ? yr ? olds, so as «o fill up the medium rank witlio-c doing injustice to tho good or bad o'-'3- ^os« of Australia, so I see by the Melbourne paperd, ia turned loose ; but the/ dont't know' ' her ladyship as well as I do, or else they lr0,al-» ^S\ little «'-ugh of her even with only 6st 91b to carry. Doubtless she ought to bo well in-; but it must bo something with a bigger heart than she is possosscd of to win a big race where there are Sul tanas and Volunteers, and Barbs and Bv Jongs, aye, and Snpphos too. By-the-byi Iaeo tlio Rose Rlves Mr. Lee's groy a couplo of pounds ; and I'd rather -stand against the daughter of Days of Old. Little Robin; if over lie is to' have a chance, must Have one now; but hos really; no -good ; and Lady Manners-Sutton is very dangerous at list Gib. I think Mr. Lackey did but justice when ho placed Jier alongside o£ Blondiuand Blair Atbol, both well performed colts, and likoly to bo much improved. All these three I ox pootto see at the post, and to seo them run a great race/ They have all got good blood inth6ni, andean all.be brought outfit, and they are all honest good rfinishers, which is very much in their favour/Messenger has always been highly spoken of; but ho is curseU with a propensity for bolting, which as yet they have not been able to knock out of him, and possibly never will be. Emerald occupies exactly the place, as regards the three.yr-olds, to which, his doingf have en titled him; and as I ; long sinco picked out Dalby and Sultan as the duffers of the lot I ought to be, as indeed t am, quite satisfied to nnd them turned loose, in the fullest ac ceptation of the term. .Taken as a whole, I consider the handicap a goo'd one, of which, perhaps, the fouryr olds liave a tritle tho bestj for although they do not grow on tho tops of trees, still it is possible we may find aubther Yattendon in Whitfler or Bulgimbar ; and I shall stick to my opinion that Gulnaro is' to bo feared if tho stable havo nothing better. The good four-yr-olds, howover, are anything but numerous, and when I havo mentioned those three I must draw in my horns. On the other hand, I consider the three- yr-olds a very good lot — about tho strongest I have seen in an Australian handicap— and we shall seo a different result this time to what it was last yoar, when tho thrco four-yr-olds, Yatt., Sultana, and Falcon, finished first, second and third for the Sydney Gold Cup. If the two first of these can bo brought out this time, they'll settle_ tho pretensions of not a law'. I don't think it was quite fair to run down tho handicap, because there was all at onco a rush to back Tim Whifller. Wo shall see tho same' thing with a dozen , others be fore the day j and 'when Tarragon^ Yatt Volunteer, Tho Barb, Bulgimbar, Gulnare Bylong, Tim, Lady Manners, a couple moro of the ; Melbourne™; and likely enough Blon din and Blair Athol are backed till the books aro full about them, I think a stop may bo put to the cry about a bad handicap. I fully ' expect to seo all those nags como strongly 'Into favour ; and as all the horses ?mil be congregated round about Rand wick ?wo shall seo when they get into work a great betting race in the Sydney Gold Cup of 1S07. . 