(torn 3tov^Mtlla. UNCONVICTED ; .OR, . OLD THOMELEFS HEIRS. (Prom, the Lamp.) Chapter V. — (Continued.) The first secret ! No, not the first, Hugh, not the first; but the other could never have divided us could never have raised one shadow between us. I lad buried it deep down in its lonely grave, and laid its ghost by the might ef my strong love for you, my friend and my brother ! The house in Wimpole Street looked gloomy enough, \rith its close-shut blinds and the two policemen keeping guard on either side the door, suggestive of death — of murder ! There was a small crowd col lected round ; not such a crowd as had as sembled before the police-station, but something like. Sfcreet-cMldren, errand-boys, stray coster mongers with their barrows, passing tradesmen with their carts or baskets, and women — slatterns from neighbouring alleys and back streets, Irishwomen from the Marylebone courts and slums ; and each arrival caused fresh agitation and excitement amidst that crowd of upturned eager faces gathered there, 'That's him,' cried a voice as our cab drove up waiting for the verdict. 'That's him,' cried a voice as our cab drove up to the door, — 'that's Corrinder Javies !' ' No, it ain't, bless yer innercence ! the corrinder wears a scarlet gownd and a gold-laced 'at.' ' Tell ye he don't ; he wears a black un, and ers got it in his bag.' 'Yah! — the lawyer, the nevy's lawyer!' followed by a yell of imprecations. The,, nearest gamin on the door-step had heard Merrivale give his name to the policemen and, demand admission, and had handed it down to his fellows. So, with the sounds of the brutal mob ringing ia our ears, we passed the threshold of the murdered man's house. A cold shudder seized me as I stood in the hall, and I seemed to feel as if the spirit of the dead were Covering about in disquiet, and unable to rest. A superin tendent of the police received us in the hall, and we aaked him if we could go up to see the body. After some demur he went upstairs with us, and unlocked the chamber of death. There in his shell lay all that remained of Gilbert Thorneley, he whose name and fame had been world-wide. Fame for what ? For amassing wealth ; for grinding down the poor ; for toiling, slaving, wearing himself out in the busy inarch of life, with no thought but for that life which perishes ; heaping up riches which must be relin quished on the grave's brink ; which could bring him no comfort nor solace in the Valley of the Shadow which perchance, in the inscrutable designs of Pro vidence, had been used as an instrument of retrifcu tioa against him. T looked at his worn face, —seamed with lines of care, furrowed with the struggles that had brought so little reward, — and remembered that last evening when I had seen and spoken with him, — of the sceret he had confided to me, of what he had so darkly hinted at, — and I fan cied I could read in his unplacid face th?t death had visited him in all its intensity of bitterness — that the bodily suffering had been nothing compared to the ocean of remorse which had swept over his soul. He rested from his weary labours, and the fruits of them had not followed him. God alone knew the complete history of his life ; ©od only could supply what had been wanting from the treasures of His mercy ; God only could tell whether that last flood of remorseful anguish had been the sorrow that could be accepted for the sake of One who had died for him. Whilst we yet stood gazing on the corpse, word was brought us that the coroner had arrived, and was going to open proceedings. The superintendent once more turned the key upon the dead, and we descended to the first-floor. 'I must divide you, gentlemen, now,' said he. 'You, sir,' to Merrivale, 'will please to come with me to the inquest-room ; and you, Mr. Kavanagh, must wait in this back drawing-room until we send for you. I thought you'd prefer being alone, to going along with the other witnesses.' 'Yes,' I said , ' I should much prefer it.' I avail myself of the newspaper-reports, together with Merrivale's notes, for an account of the inquest ; and I have also used his observations made on the personal appearance, manuor, &c;'., of the witnesses and others who took part in it. For myself, I re mained in that dark dingy back-room until my turn earae to give evidence. I heard the dull tramp of the jurymen as they went upstairs and entered the room overhead to view the body, and their hushed murraur3 as they came down. I heard the hum of voices in the front draw ing-room, were the witnesses were assembled, and the distinct orders issued at intervals by the police. I remember standing at the window looking into the dismal back garden, noting mechanically the various small sights in tho back gardens opposite. I remem ber staring for a quarter of an hour at two cats fight ing on the wall — a black and a tabby ; and listen ing to their dismal squalls. If they had been two tigers tearing each other to pieces on that back garden wall in the midst of this eminently civilised city, I don't think it would have made more impression on my brain than did those two amiable specimens of the feline race. And last, I remember walking, as in a dream, into the dining-room, where sat the coroner at the head of the long table, and ranged on either side of him the twelve jurymen. I remember seeing a man whom I recognised as one of the de ceased's solicitors, Mr. Walker, occupying a chair at a small side- table with his clerk, and on the opposite side of the room at another table sat Merrivale; while just behind him, guarded — ay guarded — by a policeman, sat Hugh Atherton ; and that as I came and took a chair placed for me at the other end of the long table, he raised his eyes and looked full upon me, and that I knew then the deadly influence which had been at work — for it was no longer the friendly trustful look of old ; I knew — yes, I knew that our warm friendship had died the death, that a traitor's hand had helped to slay it. I knew, and knowing it, the pain was so intense, so like a knife entering my heart, that unconsciously I raised my hand as though to ward off the agony that had come upon me, and a cry escaped my lips,— 'Hugh, 0 Hugh!' And then I heard the coroner addressing me in the caltn business tones of. a man accustomed to do his terrible work. ^ The first witness called was Mr. Evans, surgeon. He said : 'lama member of the Royal College of Surgeons, and live at 138 Wimpole Street. I was summoned to Mr. Thorneley's house about seven o'clock on the morning of the 24th ; and was taken up into de ceased's room. He was in bed, lying on his back, the eyes partially open, and the forhead and mouth contracted, as though great pain had preceded death. He had apparently been dead some hours. There was a stiffness, however, about the body, and an un usual rigidity of the limbs, which excited my suspi cion. The feet were likewise arched. The house keeper and t%e man- servant were in the room with the deceased at the time I arrived. I asked what he had taken last before going to bed. The house keeper replied he had taken his bitter ale as usual about nine o'clock. I asked to see the bottle out of which he had taken the ale. The housekeeper bade the man go down to his master's study and fetch up the tray. On it were a pint bottle of Bass's bitter ale, a tumbler, and a plate of bard biscuits. There were a few drops at the bottom of the glass. I smelt and tasted them ; there was no peculiar smell, but the taste was unusually bitter. It suggested to me that strychnine might have been introduced. In the bottle about half a tumblerful of ale was left. I took possession of it for the pur pose of analysis, with the tumbler still containing a few drops. I said to the housekeeper, ' Information must be sent at once to the police.' This was done. I remained until the superintendent arrived, and then proceeded to my house with the ale-bottle and glass. I immediately subjected the contents of both to' the usual process. In the few drops contained in the glass I discovered the appearance of strychnine. The contents of the bottle were perfectly free.' (Sensation.) 'I then went back to Mr. Thorneley's house, and reported the results to the police-officer, who communicated withScotland Yard, the deceased's relative Mr. Wilmot, and his lawyers. I demanded that the family medical man should be summoned. On his arrival we made a posl-mortein examination, and lemoved the stomach with its contents, sealed and despatched them to Professor T ? for analysis. We both refused a death-certificate until the results of that analysis had been ascertained. We agreed ourselves in suspecting death had originated through posion, and that the poison had been strychnine. There was no appearance of any disease in either heart, lungs, or brain, which should cause sudden death. All three organs were in a perfectly healthy state.' Dr. Robinson, physician, and the usual medical attendant of deceased, corroborated the above evi dence in every particular. Professor T ? next deposed that he received the stomach of deceased with its contents from Dr. Robin son and Mr. Evaus. That he had analysed the latter, and had detected and separated strychnine in very minute quantities ; on further test positive proof of the existence of the poison^was afforded by the colours produced. Upon introducing some of the suspected matter into the body of a frog, death had been produced from tetanic convulsions ; thus demon strating the existence of strychnine. His opinion was that deceased nad diedtrom the effects of strych nine administered in bitter ale ; that the quantity administered had been about one grain, not more-1— it might bo less. ggMrs. Haag, the housekeeper, was then examined. She was a woman past fifty in appearance ; her face waa remarkable ; so perfectly immobile and passion less in its expression. Her hair, eyebrows, and eyelashes were of a pale sandy colour and her drooping eyelids had that pecular motion in them which novelists call ' shivering.' She gave her answer in clear low tones ; but seldom raising her eyes to the interrogator; they were of a gold bluish-gray, with a dangerous scintillating flight in them. Her man ners and appearance were those of a woman above her station in life; her language quite grammatical though tinctured by a slightly foreign idiom and ac cent ; her deportment perfectly selfpossessed. She deposed that the deceased had appeared in the same health as usual up to the evening previous to his death, when on taking in his bitter ale and biscuits she observed that he looked very much flushed and agitated, and his voice had sounded loud and angry as she came up the stairs. He and Mr. Atherton seemed to be having a dispute; and as she came into the room she distinctly heard Mr. Atherton say to her master, ' You will bitterly repent to-morrow what you have said to- night.' Slie could swear to the words, for they made an impression upon her. Had not heard Mr. Wilmot speak whilst in the study. The ale had been brought up from the cellar by Barker, who un corked it down stairs, as usual, in presence of the other servants. Barker had accompanied her to the study-door, and opened it for her. Always took in the ale when her master was alone, or when only the young gentleman (Wilmot and Athevfcor) were there ; and waited to receive his orders for the next day. Deceased always took bitter ale at nine o'clock, with hard biscuits. Mr. Merrivale : ' Did you not pour some ale out into the tumbler before taking it upstairs ?' 'I did not.' ' Would you swear you did not ?' ' Certainly I would swear it.' Evidence continued : To her knowledge he had taken nothing since, the ale. The young gentlemen never took bitter ale ': Mr. Atherton didn't like it, and Mr. Wilmot' could not' drink it. Only one tum bler had been brought up. The tray had remained in the study just as Mr. Thorneley had left it, and had not been touched until the following morning, when the-doefcor asked to have the bottle and glass brought to him. Barker, the manser vant, had fetched the tray from the study. No one had entered the study from the time Mr. Thorneley had gone to bed, until Barker had gone there for the tray the next morning. She had locked the door on the outside as she went up to bed, but had not gone into the room. On the morning Of the 24th she was roused by a violent knocking at her door, and by Barker saying, in a very agitated manner, ' for God's sake get up directly, Mrs. Haag, and come to master; for I fear he's dead!' Had hurried on a few clothes, and gone instantly to Mr. Thorneley's room. The deceased was in bed, the eyes par tially open, and the mouth contracted, as if in an agony of pain. She had touched his hand and found it quite cold. Then they both had stooped to listen if he breathed ; but he did not. Barker said, ,' I fear it's all up with him ; he must have had a fit-and died in the night. What's to be done, Mrs. Haag?' Replied, 'Send at once for a doctor.' The other servants now came crowding in, and one of them ran off immediately for the nearest surgeon. He arrived in less than half-an-hour. No one had touched the body until the arrival of the doctor ; they had all feared lest they might do harm by touch ing it. Had lived in the service of deceased nearly thirty years ; he had been a severe but just master to her. Was a Belgian by birth ; but had lived nearly all her life in England. Was a widow; had no children living, nor any relations alive that she knew of. — Examined as to what had transpired before taking the ale to the study, Mrs. Haag deposed that Mr. John Kavanagh had called on Mr. Thorneley at seven o'cclok, and been closeted with him for an hour ; that a short time before he went away the study-bell rang, which was answered by Barker, who came down into the servants' -hall and told Thomas the coachman to go up with him to his master's room. When they came down, they said they had been signing their names as witnesses to some paper, which both of them had supposed was a Will ; but that neither their master nor Mr. Kavanagh had told them so. She had put on her things whilst they were upstairs, and just after they returned she went out. — Questioned as to her errand, said she went to buy some ribbon she wanted at a shop in Oxford Street ; that returning homo by Vere Street she saw Mr. Athertoa coming out of the chemist's-shop at the corner of Oxford Street, and heard him speak to Mr. Kavanagh. Heard the words ' Kavanagh,' ' Afcherton,' and saw them shake hands. Could swear to their identity. — Questioned by Mr. Merrivale, solicitor for tho pri soner, as to how it had come about that she had been witness to the meeting between the two gentlemen at the corner of Vere Street and Oxford Street, and yet was met only in the middle of Vere Street — a very short street — at least five minutes 'afterwards by Mr. Kavanagh, denied meeting Mr. Kavanagh at all in Vere Street; hadpassed the two gentlemen at the corner, and gone straight home. Had worn no veil that evening.— Examination resumed by the coroner : Had not seen her master since taking the ale into the study;1 had gone to the door after the gentlemen had left, but found it locked, and re ceived for anBwer, he was busy, and did not require any thing. Mr. Wilmot had left some eimo previous to Mr. Athertoa ; sh« had seon neither to apeak to them that evening. This was the pith of tho house keeper's evidence. John Barker was the next witness called, wk» corroborated every thing deposed by Mrs. Haag. Asked by a juryman if it was he who signed the paper on the evening before Mr. Thorneley's death, replied it was. Was he aware of the nature of the document ! No ; but both he and Thomas the coach man, who had likewise signed, fancied it must be a Will. Had lived nearly twenty years with his master, and often witnessed business papers, but never asked what they were. — Questioned by Mr. Merrivale as to whether he had noticed any conversa tion which passed between Mr. Wilmot and Mr. Atherton in tho hall the night before the deceased died, replied he had caught one or two words.— Told by the coroner to repeat them After seemlag to recollect himself for a moment or two, said he had heard Mr. Wilmot say he must get some money out of the governor ; to which Mr. Atherton had replied in rather a low voice ; but he had heard the words, ' won't live long,' and 'to be worried,' and ' our iffairs.'— Asked by the prisoner if the sentence had lot been, 'He is getting very old, and won't live* ong ; he ought not to be worried with our affairs' ? Replied he could nob say ; it might have been so ; but what he had repeated was the whole of what he had distinctly heard. He wished ta say that he be lieved Mr. Atherton to be innocent ; for he was ver j fond of poor master, and his uncle always seemed more partial to him than to any one else — much more than to Mr. Wilmot Thomas Spriggs the coachman, the cook, and the housemaid were then examined respectively, and their evidence corroborated every statement made be fore ; only one fresh feature presented itself. The cook volunteered to state that she had been awoke, in the middle of the night on which her master died, by some noise, and had fancied she heard stealthy footsteps on the stairs. — Questioned upon this, said that she meant the stairs leading from the third story where the woman- servants slept, to the second story. Were they front or back stairs ? Front stairs; the back stairs only reached the second floor. That the housekeeper occupied one room to herself, she and the housemaid another, and the third was empty. She had not dared to get qnt of b«d, believing it was the ghost. ? What ghost? Oh, the house was haunted ; all the servants knew it and believed it, except the housekeeper, who had laughed at her shameful, and called her a super* stitchious woman. But then they had never beea what she might call comfortable nor friendly together ; for Mrs. 'Aag 'eld herself 'igh and 'orty with all the company in the 'all. Couldn't say at what hour she had been awoke ; had drawed the clothes over her 'ed, and said her prayers, and supposed she had fell asleep again, being that way inclined by natur'. Mr. Merrivale : 'Have you and the housekeeper ever fallen out, cook.' Witness : 'Well, no, sir. I can't say as we ever 'ave ; and I've nothing to bring against her except as she was 'igh and close, which isn't agreeable, sir, when the position of parties is ekally respectable, which mine is, sir, - 'aving come of a greengrocer's family askep' their own weicle and drove theirselves ; and whose motherfcould afford to be washed out, and never sat down to tea on Sunday without s'rimpa or 'winkles or something to give a relish.' Coroner: 'That is enough, cook. — Bring in the next witness.' Mr. Lister Wilmot who appeared much agitated, next deposed : 'I went to visit my deceased uncle ' on the eveniag of Tuesday last, and whilst taking off my outer coat in the hall, my cousin, Mr. Atherton, arrived. We went into my uncle's study together. ' Very little conversation passed between us. I mea- . tioned my intention of asking my uncle for some , money that evening^ which I needed, having some pressing bills to pay. My cousin replied something to the effects that he, my uncle, would probably not live long, and we ought not to worry him with our affairs. I think he simply said it with a view to stopping me from making tho application : he thinks I am extravagant. He asked me how much I wanted. I said £500. He said, ' That is a large sum, Lister ; we shall never get the governor to come down as handsome as that.' ' Mr. Merrivale : ' Did Mr. Atherton say, ' we shall,' or ? you will* ?' Witness (hesitating) : ' I am not quite clear, but I think he said 'we shall.' It was simply a kindly way of speakiag. We found my uncle moro tha» usually taciturn and abstracted ; but I was so hard ? pressed I was obliged to brave him, and ask him for money. To my astonishment, instead of venting his anger on me, he turned it all upon my cousin . Hugh, and accused him of {leading me into extrava gance. ' (la ht continued. J A. country editor, praising a successful politi- .'.'. tieian, called him 'one of the cleverest fellow*. . that ever lifted a hat to a lady, or a boot to. ?',?-''? blackguard.' ? ''.'_ A victim of sea-sickness describes his senna- , tions thus: -'The first hour I was afraid I should die ; tho second hour I was more afraid t shouldn't.' 