THE MALMSBURY TOWN- CLERKSHIP. INDIGNATION MEE I'ING, On Friday evening a public meeting of tbe rat - payers of Malmsbury was held in Brailey's Concf t Room, for the purpose, as it was oet forth in tl:^ p st- ts, "f ' protesting against the despotic condutuf the Borough Council in dismissing Mr F. F. Adamson. their late Town Clerk, frotuoffice, nithon* any complaint against him as to the discharge of b-- official duties." A few minutes paBt the appointnt time, 7 o'clock, on the motion of .Hr Miehe-I il'Kenna, seconded by Mr J P Kennedy, Cr M'Gra. . tras called to the chair. At tiiis time there could no have been leBS than 200 present, and the number^ afterwards increased. Ihe Chairman, who was received with applauf stated the object of the meeting, and c? plained why Mr R. B. Tucker, who was expectpd t preside was not there. He said that Mr Tucker ha promised to take the chair, bat at the last momei i note had been received from him, deolining to d <o, as on reconsidering the matter, and having b'< i advised to that effect by his friends, he thought i better not to take the chair on the cccafii; (murmurs of disapprobation.) This was the reaso> why he {Mr M-Urone), was in the position lie now occupied, ' in consequeuce of M Tucker having declined the honor. He would n-- delay them with further remarks, tut as he saw tli late Town fclerk in the room, they trould probabl like to hear hiB statement, before any resolution waproposed or adopted. (Applause.) Mr F. 13. Adamson, who, on ooming forward, wis watmly received and frequently applauded, througl - out p. speech of half au hour's duration, proceeded tu give au account of the whole tranB&oiion; in referenccp the Racecourse Trusteeship, and to the action'ht fiad taken ih the matter, down to his dismissal Town Qlerk. He epoka ocaueiooally in very stronjand vehement language, but we can only give a summary of bis remarks. He pointed out that i was acknowledged he had been an old and faithful servant of the Council, yet, by their recent action that body had first hanged their Town Cl-rk, an i would no*, even try him afterwards There was, ho • ever a power above the Council—the people themselv to whom Le was then speaking, in vindication of his character—(Cheers) He would not blow his own trumpet, but hiB conduct for the last seven years, a publio servant, was well known, and he challenge i any one to show that he had ever done a wrocy action. Waa then his character lo b." blasted by a fe i individuals, aujibering twelve at most—and, it migL < be reduced to only eight i He said that some mi.nta ago when that model councillor, Slilvain (Ironic ci.eering), got into the Council again by a fluke, he came to the Council table with anything but a good leeling toward him, (Air Adamson.) The speaktr went on to refer to mining transactions iu which l.e and Mr Milvain had been connected, the leasing of some land from him, aud the result* of F County Court action between them. C. Milvain, he said, was kepi in bounds so long as Cr Sbepherdsou remained in the Council; but since then tie tuok every means to annoy him. His (the Town Clerk's) tvery word and action were watche 1, an when he found a new party to second him, he (Ci Milvaiu) became bolder, and said that he would " d<his (adamson's; business," making use of an adjeotive, which he would not name. II he (Mr At could get a seat in that Council, he would put ( i- Milvain's 1 head in a bag', £o that he would neve; get it out again —(Deafening applause,—upro«i and cries of You'll go in again.") The speake said that, by his individual exertions, a petition Wf-.r drawn up, and figoel by 150 person?, to have th Racecourse vesied in trusteed, und it waa for this h was now smothered. * But, he would be up agaiD, and would have his revenge. Yis, he would there swear it—he would have his revenge—morally and manfully Mr Adamson explained that, wt x'.et th public meeting waa being called to nominate additional trustees, the Council took action LO have tb Racecourse vestad in that body. This was on i Tuesday night," and he wrote a letter, as Tow. Clerk, conveying this information to the authority F m Melbourne, on the Friday following, and stnt it off with ten others. Friday w« hie day for sendinoff corespondence. On Wednesday he wav engaged attending to contraclors and giving chequer, e:o. ou Thursday he was busy at the Polic: Court, a acting clerk. It was no: true tout he had withhel i the letter of the Council, and it was not the caBe that the Mayor had come to him on the Friday, and entreated him to aend the letter—on the contrary lie, the Town Clerk, had gone to the Mayor and aske him should it be Bent ia the ordinaty course, or kep back till the feeling-of the public was known on the subject at the meeting which had been convened—Mr I. L. French said, "no ! send it at once"—end he, ;jHr Adamson did so. At the public meeting, the Mayor was voted to the chair, resolutions were carried, inoluding one nomi natiog Trustees outside the Council, by a majority o! 150 to 8. Vet the Mayor as chairman refused to sign the minutes of that meeting ('-shame !") After this, at the meeting of trustees, he told Mr I L French, that he was a non-entity. He admitted tha' he had inBulted the Mayor, but not at Town Clerk* It was only under provoca tion. He admitted having wriLten a lette which was signed by Mr M'Grane, addressed to th Lands Office, but this was simply to say how maor persons were present at the public meeting that name" the Trustees. He also wrote the minute which Cr Milvain had seen in the Lands Office. But th Mayor did not even object to his (Mr Adamson'e name, when down on tbe deputation, as a Trustee He only objected to Mr Uaher's, becaus he ' waa lessee. The reasen of all thisquabble, which had been going on for tbe pittmonth in the Council, was because he (Mr Adamson) at the first meeting of the Trustees hed voted for » man, who, although he was an IrishmaD, was a gentleman, Mr il'Grane, to be Chairman, a position that Mr L L. French wished to occupy. There was the sting. Then came afterwards the concocted re port and Cr Milvain's resolution upon it, and his, thi Town Clerk's dismissal. Tbe committee that brought up the report was packed, and Cr M'Grane was refused to be allowed to be one of ite members; Af tt i sitting for hours hatohing over it, up to half-pas ten at night, they laid an egg in order " to egg " ou the Town Cletk, and they went home cackling over what ihey had done. Ha maintained that no such subject was referred to the committee, and he could if he liked to take action, upset th - whole proceedings, but he wosld not spend a- farthing upon it. He was frightened at ih last meeting, that the Council migtit give him ; month's notice, and if so, he had his resignation iD his pocket. They had not done so, and the result was, that he could make them pay him half a yearV or a whole year's salary. After a hard year's woik he did now want some little leisure (cheers.) Be had now vindicated his character before them, and he defied pi oof, as to his having committed any breach of duly. He admitted having at the close of a Council meeting, told Cr Milvain, -when irritated, that " he wanted that farm of his (Milvain's), and when the crops were niceiy is, he would take it." That was the great insult spoken of. He (Mr Adamson), though from an err jr in the lease, h-- coiild do so legally, would seorii the action, to :takr what he knew -in equity did not belong to him. (Applause.) There was om point • more; it., was. said he was in' league with: :hs Irish party (" A great crime!" Yes, this wa a thing that never ought to be spoken of in thi country; where there should be no distinctions of claeB,-Or creed, or couniry; On looking back, he found he had, without ever thinking of it, been connected with Irishmen, who were race stewards— with Messrs M'Grane, Kennedy, M'Kenna and others, and actually,.the Irishmen at tbe Council voted fohim. . Will, was he te throw Irishmen overboard, be. cause he would lose£ll&'ayear. He would do o'o such thing. He had never lost a penny by Irishmen ainche came to Malmabuty, and he had lost pound* and pounds, by both English .and.'• Scotch. He f thought one Iriebmm, at any rate, was worth fifty Taamanians. But who put the alternative, to him ot. resigning his trusteeship of the Racecourse, or dismissal from offic-,'WTown Clerk. Th se six wh voted against him, Bkd, among them, one - English . wan, he was ashamed .10 . siy, i countryman of hitown. After some rather sarcastic remarks, in refer enc. to what he told his affectionate brother in-law, Mr Pleasants, hb intended to do with him and th- Mayor, in the way of burying -them (metaphorically we presume) and laying their, ghosts afterwards, M* Adamsou concluded amidst loud and biisteroucheerin?, and otbei- demonstration of applau e. Mr Michael M'Kecna then -came forward and read the following resolution, at the same time pr iposiug ite adoption:— - ; " That : thi* meeting "disapproves of the despotic conduct of the Borongh Council, in attempting to prevent the freedom of action of Mr F E. Adamson, late tqwn clerk, in tenters quits foreign ta his tjfficial duties, and over which they .have no c ititrol— SIM, 'in dismiuing him from office; : for certain oaid to bave been dooo by bim, srilho-it^proof *Uo«ia« him an oppt>rcun°t; o£ dis-: proving the same," He characieHped the conduct of the Council as most despotic^ and laid -that thB whole crime of il woi m bis not voting (or -the Mayor to aq. chairman of the Racecourse Trustees. When Mr I r French rsfuted to sign the minutes of tha n„v, meeting at which he presided, the only reason T gave was because others, besides ratfpaver, burgeetei, were present. He (Mr M'Ksnn.l IMKS that it Wa* a matter in which men like Mr r Pethybridge or Mr Samuel Hughes wire as mu,i interested, as those who resided within the borou^ boundaries. However, the Mayor still refused ,nJ he (Mr M'Ker.na) as sec etary, had sitned the mbnt, himself, and forwcrdc-d them to the Government Af er this, when the trustees met, he thouiht tu Mr French was not the man to preside at the meeirn™ of the trustees, and he proposed Mr M'Grane if A damson voted for Mr M'Grane, also, and hence the Equabble in the Council. Mr J. P. Kennedy eecandrd the resolution. Hi -ndotsed all Mr Adamson said, as there was not wori in it but what waa the truth. * After some remarks from Dr. J. J. ArniBtront. which teemed to be highly relished by the m-etinl' the motion was put and carried unanimously, an<j ' vote of thanks to the chair terminated the proceeding which, throughout, were, on the. whole very ordeilV Many of those present were working men, Jrom y," town and the waterworks, but there were a number of bneiuees people also, and aome farmers and others from a distance, who seemed to take CBnsiderabls interest in the proceedings, more especially thou of well known sporting procliviticB. 