HISTORY OP ENGLAND. (After Hume and Smollet — 16,000 miles.) Written by a schoolmaster (very much) abroad , under the the influence of strong Punch on the head. Respectfully dedicated ( without permission ) to the Council of Education, and not without a humble hope that it may be found of use at the University now that " English " is to have more attention paid to it. Chapter 1st. England is a small village comfortably seated on the banks of New foundland, bounded on the north by Ireland, on the south by Central Africa, on the west by South America, and on the east by Tarban Creek. It is 100 miles long and 500 miles broad. Its principal pro ductions are Emigrants, Brussels Carpets, Turkey Rhubarb, and All England Elevens ; and its inhabitants subsist on light wine and cheap literature. Beer and Education are totally neglected, except among the ' ' navvies " and the rest of the aristocracy. The national character is simple and peaceful to a fault. Averse to war, they submit readily to any amount of foreign aggression, and have been frequently beaten by an enemy very much their inferior. At sea their pacific policy almost amounts to pusillanimity — striking their colours and running away at the slightest indication of danger, - especially if it wear the stars and stripes. England possesses a few lucifer match and fancy stationery manufactories at Birmingham and Greenwich, _but has to depend entirely upon America and Greece for her hardware and dry goods. Her exports are insignificantly small, gold and wool being the chief articles, and her imports overwhelmingly large. Spain supplies her with tea ; Norway with sugar ; Denmark with new milk, buttered toast, and Princesses ; Ireland with articles of luxury ; and China with steam engines and music. Her corn comes principally from Greenland and the Rock of Gibraltar ; and to New Zealand and Siberia she is chiefly indebted for her cutlery. As to her monetary resources, they are liberally furnished to her by the United States and Austria ; while France, under the management of Louis Napoleon, Alexander Dumas, and Cardinal Richelieu, have kindly and frequently looked at her fortifications, and filled her Royal Naval Arsenal at Greenwich with a few spare guns of the most antiquated description, originally taken from Great Britain at the great French victory of Waterloo, in the reign of Charles the Twelfth, where, as Shakspere's Macbeth says to Two Gentleman of Verona, " Freedom shrieked and Kosciusko fell ! " Chapter 2nd. The History of England is almost entirely devoid of interest, from the small share it has taken in European politics, except for a short time in the Middle Ages — that is, from the birth of Moses and Son to the good old days of Adam and Eve, when Noah fought the Seven Years War with Julius Cassar, Caffyn, and George Parr, in the domain. The first king reigned (with his umbrella up) all through the Deluge. Navigation, the Original Great Eastern, Botany Waterworks, and a General Sinking of the Funds, were the most remarkable features of this reign. Jumping over seventy years, during which nothing whatever occurred, we come at once to William the Conk- erov (so called from the length of | his nose — from "conk — a nose:" Tintinabuli Vita), who, with the assistance of his band of foreign mercenaries, including Tom Masaniello, Sir Colin Rob Roy Macgregor Campbell, Charles Miranda, Francis Gardiner, Captain Kyd (" the child of the ocean "), Cranbourne Ali, and Bung, the son of Tung, whose father was Hung, succeeded in drawing the Londoners into the inaccessible heights of Brickfield Hill. He was smothered with a bolster in the Tower of Thornton by Lady Jane Grey, who, marrying Jack Cade, the flying pieman, they jointly succeeded to half-a-crown apiece, under the title of William and Mary. The latter being poisoned by Joan of Noah's Ark, out of jealousy, William gave up the throne to Oliver Cromwell, and started — by the Electric Telegraph — for the Crusades in San Francisco ; but he got run into in the Baltic by the Shenandoah, under the great Spanish Bushranger, Captain Cook ; and he himself was, by order of Abdel Kader, II Trovatore, Little Alexander the Great, and Robert the Devil, cast into the lowest dungeon of the Inquisition in Dublin, where he languished for ninety- five years, till he was rescued by his faithful Ethiopian Sere- nader, M. Blondin, who effected his escape by wheeling him across the Niagara Falls in a barrow, for which he was made a barrow- knight on the spot by Sir Roger Tichborne, Major Lee, and the Fenian Head Centre. Williams's further history is unknown ; but traditions exist to the effect that he married Black-Eyed Susan, the Bohemian Girl ; and seeing the vanity of earthly things, put them all aside, and lived in a state of nature among the Calmuck Tartars in New Guinea, till his death, which took place towards the end of his existence. Oliver Cromwell, in the mean time, by his want of energy, and his gross profligacy, — in striking contrast to the austerity and rigidity of the court of George the Fourth, who subsequently preceded him, — created a great number of enemies, and a conspiracy was formed, headed by Guy Fawkes, Mrs. Bentley, Titus Oates, Cassius and David Buchanan to blow him up with Nitro-Glycerine in the Thames, Tunnel; but they were blown on themselves instead by that eminent Scotch Philosopher, Daniel O'Connell, who, by the aid of Tom Sayers, Young Sullivan, Dr. Lang, and Mr. Dalgleish, and a few other members of the Peace Association, and backed by his own "sprig of shilelah," gently persuaded them to sign Magna Charta, or the Draymen's Bill of Rights, and then handed them over to that ferocious Chartist leader, Mr. Lucas, and they expiated their offence in the lingering torments of Lynch Law. Cromwell was soon after wards killed in a desperate sensation combat with William Tell, the bold Smuggler, at the Battle of A-gin-court. Tell subsequently shot his son Arrah-na-Pogue's head off with an apple at the great Rifle Match between the South Head Islanders and the Braidwood Volunteers, for which he was mercifully boiled to death in the Turkish Bath by John Howard, the great philanthropist, and his brother, the omnibus_ proprietor. Chapter 3rd. The next king who ascended the English Throne was the virgin Queen Elizabeth, grandmother of the Emperor Charles the Fifth of Ireland. She was so called after her uncle, Pope Alexander Camp bell the Sixth, author of Lucretia Borgia and other choice Family Works. She was cut off in the flower of her youth and beauty, at the early age of 73, after having, single-handed, in a suit of magni ficent armour made of pasteboard, the property of the Ghost of Hampden's father, defeated the Spanish Armadillo, under Gari baldi, at Bannockburn. She had six husbands, two of whom she shot with a ramrod, two she read to death with the debate on the Education Bill, and one she poked into the grave with a red-hot iron at Berkely Castle, and one re-ioived after her death — this latter being Peter the Great, afterwards King of Venice. She died from a surfeit of prawns and treacle, and was succeeded by Stephen, who, it is said in a negro-mantie chaunt of the period, ' ' told so many lies, 'auld Clootie' couldn't believe him." He abdicated in favor of his brother John, who was succeeded by Charles the Second, who was stabbed in Canterbury Cathedral by William the Fourth. Several kings followed in this order : Edward the Second, Edward the First, Edward the Fifth, Edward the Fourth, Henry the Seventh, Henry the First, Queen Anne, Frederick the Great, Canute, and Lord Byron's only child Harold, who was beheaded at Whitehall, on suspicion of being a witch, by the Duke of Bedford. The Reformation followed, and a fearful scene of anarchy ensued; seventeen millions and a half being burnt at the stake for refusing to bow to Gesler's cap for the benefit of Dis tressed Poles. The Reformation was followed by the French Revolution, where peace on earth and good will to all men were in the ascendant. This happy time was followed by the horrors of the Great Exhibition ; and then came the Commonwealth, during which three bad sovereigns occupied the throne simulta neously, one after the other — namely, George the Third, Henry the Third, and Edward the Third ; but as their reigns were limited to a few weeks each, we will pass them by and come at once to little Alfred the Great, son of that sainted monarch, King Bomba. He found out the Britannia tubular bridge over the straits of Menangle, and invented the gold diggings of Australia, but having burnt his fingers over some cakes from the land of " that ilk," he was com pelled to fly with the Lenton Troupe, and remained concealed in a she-oak for twelve years, till the passing of the Old Clo' Reform Bill enabled him to make his bow and take his leave of the foliage which had sheltered him so long. Previous to this he died fighting against the combined fleets of Poland and Arabia under Voltaire, in 1851. Chapter 4th. We have now arrived at the seventeenth century, or our own times. Victoria ascended the throne, and was erowned king in the Underground Railway by Lord Brougham and Mr. Henry Parkes. The principal events and features of her reign are so well known that a mere enumeration of them will suffice. The Battle of Austerlitz between the Northern and Southern United States of America, the Great Fire of London and destruction of St. Mary's Cathedral and the Kremlin, and the Duke of Marlborough's brilliant victories in New Zealand, are among the former; while the invention of the Caxton printing office, peg-top trousers, gunpowder tea, Kerosene petticoats, crinoline oil, ad valorem duties, Bushrangers, and scabby sheep demonstrate plainly England's advancement on the tramway of retrogression, which is likely soon to put her on a par with the more civilised states of Southern Africa and Central America. It is rumoured that an union will shortly be effected between the Parliaments of Great Britain and Papua, Count Bismark and Mr. Tolano being engaged in settling the necessary- preliminaries. This alliance will secure the balance of power in Europe, and enable the police to defy Saxe Coburg and her threaten ing myriads. The advancement of education is most satisfactorily developed in the crowded state of those great educational establishments Eton, Bedlam, and Newgate — while the infrequent apparition of a police man in the main thoroughfares gives gratifying proof of the absence of crime, or even disorder, in this primeval territory. This noble regiment of "Invisible Blues" have consequently time to devote themselves to a totally different area of usefulness, and with a sub lime sacrifice of their dignity, apply themselves to assisting cooks in disposing of the legs of mutton and other culinary adjuncts of their masters' tables, compressing themselves into the smallest possible space, should there be the slightest chance of their kind offices becoming known; thus "doing good by stealth, and blushing to find it fame." These signs of the times must make every patriotic heart exclaim in the words of the poet, Charles Cowper, " England, with all my faults, I love thee still ! " and at the same time give promise that ere long we shall make a respectable figure among the second-rate powers of the civilised Globe — so all hail Queen Victoria ! May that marvellous bit of bunting which has already " braved a thousand years the battle and the breeze " without wearing out, or wanting a needle, except when boxed in a compass to guide it to new victories, long wave over her head — for "she's a jolly good fellow, and so say- all of us. " 