IMPOUNDINGS. (From this day's Government Gazette.) IMPOUNDED at Toowoomba, from Helidon, 24th August, 1867, by order of W. Turner, Esq. Driving expenses, 3s. per head 244 black mare, like S over AC over 14, or over AG over 14 off shoulder, near hind foot white, small star ; 1 bay mare, S over W off shoulder, star near hind foot white ; 1- bay mare, like D reversed in circle under JM near shoulder, star ; 1 chesnut filly, silver mane and tail, illegible letters with L near shoulder, star; 1 chesnut | mare; D over EP near shoulder, stripe down face j 1 bay horse, JH conjoined near thigh, 4 with small brand or mark off shoulder, illegible brand near shoulder, hind feet white, col- ear-marked, Star j 1 bay mare, like J over C near shoulder, like N over M near hip, off hind foot white ; 1 brown filly, foal at foot ; 1 bay mare, cross over GB" over to near shoulder, hind feet white, star and snip ; 1 chesnut mare, M over VII reversed under, JHF conjoined j near shoulder, stripe down face, brown filly foal at foot, JHF near shoulder 1 bay mare, P over B near shoulder, T over A. J conjoined near thigh ; 1 chesnut mare, 83 near shoulder, wart near eye ; 1 bay mare, large For JF conjoined near and off shoulder, star and snip, off hind foot white ; 1 bay mare, like B near shoulder, chesnut filly foal at foot ; 1 bay filly, no visible brand ; 1 bay mare, like S over S or S over S blotched near shoulder : I black mare, S near shoulder, star, chesnut colt a foal at foot I bay mare, JS over M off thigh, AW conjoined off shoulder, 2 near shoulder, Nos. off ribs ; 1 black horse, IN or W near shoulder, near hind foot white, small star ;' 1 bay colt, stripe down face, three white legs. If not released on or before the 17th September, 1867, will be sold to defray expenses. ARTHUR LLOYD, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED- at Toowoomba, 23rd August, 1887, by order of , Esq. Driving expenses, 3s. 6d. per head ; damages on entire, 5- 34 iron-grey entire, IN near shoulder ; 1 bay mare, JS near shoulder, off hind foot white stripe down face ; 1 bay horse, H over \$ near shoulder, 2 near thigh, white feet, star and snip ; 1 boy filly, illegible brand like H near | shoulder, T near ribs, star ; 1 brown colt, no brand visible ; 1 iron-grey mare, R over S near shoulder; 1 white horse, blotch brand with J or | 5 near shoulder, co over JM over like small brand off shoulder ; 1 bay mare, like H over H near shoulder, O near rump, like IM or PM a off rump, white foot, star and snip ; 1 brown mare, w near shoulder, NOW near thigh, blotch brand off shoulder, like L or 4 off saddle, star ; 1 grey mare, WY near saddle ; 1 black filly, no ยก visible brand ; 1 bay horse, J over C or J over B near shoulder, J over C or J over C over a PR off shoulder, star and streak, collar-marked ; 1 chesnut horse, JS over S over illegible brand | (the JS reversed) near shoulder, T or F near thigh, W off shoulder, hind feet white ; 1 bay cob mare, 2 near shoulder, star ; 1 bay horse, JM near shoulder, like O near ribs, star ; 1 brown filly, E near shoulder and thigh ; 1 chesnut filly, M and cross near shoulder ; 1 chesnut mare, like LY over TV near shoulder, WB conjoined near rump, star ; 1 bay mare, MF conjoined near shoulder, star and small snip ; Also, from the enclosed land of E. J. Blurklin, Esq. Damages and driving, 16s. 34 chesnut horse, NS over O over >-- near shoulder, like O over 60 or 0 over 0 with H sideways near saddle, like CP or LB near thigh, C near neck, 9 near cheek. Also, from Gowrie; wrongly described : 1 bay mare, MB conjoined, M near shoulder, 5 off shoulder, star and snip ; 1 white steer, illegible brand off ribs, tip off car. If not released on or before 17th September, 1867, will be sold to defray expenses. ARTHUR LLOYD, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Toowoomba, from Gowrie, 28th August, 1867, by order of - King, Esq. Driving expenses, 2s. per head 244 black horse, tan muzzle, TD near shoulder, illegible brand off shoulder, small star ; 1 brown horse, CE off shoulder, 6 off neck, near hind, foot white. If not released on or before 27th September, 1867, will be aold.-ABTnuit LLOYD, Pound keeper. A IMPOUNDED at Toowoomba, from Helidon, 16th August, .' 867 (wrongly described) as yellow and white bullock, W off thigh and shoulder, diamond off ribs, both ears marked ; 1 gray mare, LAS over 3 near shoulder ; 1 gray mare, ace of clubs near shoulder, like H off shoulder, lump on hind leg ; 1 roan mare, C or G near and off shoulder, scar off ribs. Also from the enclosed lands of E. J. Blaxland, Esq. Damages, 15s. ; driving expenses, Is. : 1 chesnut horse, NS over NK over C over JS near shoulder, O over O T or G over G y near saddle, IP or JP near thigh, G or O near neck ; also from Helidon, 24th August, 1867, by order of Wm. Turner, Esq (Wrongly described.) : 1 black mare, ace (Pass over AC over like 14 off shoulder ; 1 respond white steer, T with illegible brand near rump, two slits near ear. If not released on or before the 17th September, 1867, will be sold to defray expenses ARTHUR LLOYD, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Warwick, from North Toolburra, on the 10th August, 1867, by order of T. Coutts, Esq. ; (wrongly described). Driving expenses, 3s. 34 dirty black gelding, star and snip, bang tail, like WA near shoulder, like W near rump. If not released on or before the 1st October, 1867, will be sold to defray ex- penses. MITCHELL, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Warwick, from Pikedale, 28th August, 1867, by order of D. Gunn, Esq. Driving, 8s. 4d. per head 4 bay mare, star, hind feet white, C near shoulder ; 1 grey yearling filly, no visible brand ; 1 bay filly, like F off shoulder ; 1 boy roan horse, blaze, off hind leg white, docked tail, like O over DD over IC near shoulder, like "-2 near ribs. If not released on or before Friday, 27th September, will be sold on that day to defray expenses. MITCHELL, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Taroom, 24th August, 1867, by order of Andrew Gordon, Esq., Boroondah. , Driving, 9s. a-head 34 black horse, X g_ re- versed over I conjoined over TR near shoulder 3 near side neck fl A near rump, short tail, tip off near ear ; 1 chesnut mare, JS over like "W blotched near shoulder, star, off hind foot white ; 1 chesnut horse, AC near shoulder, blaze down face, near hind 'foot, white ; 1 chesnut mare, SB near shoulder ; 1 boy filly, in over co over to near shoulder ; 1 black horse, heart-shaped brand off shoulder; 1 grey colt, 6 over S near shoulder ; 1 black mare, LD near shoulder, star, off hind foot little white ; 1 bay colt, JF off side neck and hip ; 1 bay mare, CD near side under saddle ; 1 brown colt, per (the R reversed) off shoulder, star, hind feet white ; 1 bay mare, QSS off shoulder, star, near hind foot white, saddle marks. If not released on or before 17th September, 1867, will be sold CHARLES RYDER, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Warwick, from Pikedale, on the 31st August, 1867. By order of D. Gunn, ' Esq. Driving expenses, 8s. 4d. per head 24 bay horse, short tail, hind feet white, D near shoulder. If not released on or before the 1st October, 1867, will be sold to defray expenses. -H. MiTonBLL, Poundkeeper. . IMPOUNDED at St. George, from Mugan, 12th August, 1867, by C. Picton, Esq. Driving, 80 miles 34 grey mare, H off neck, S off shoulder. If not released on or before the 17th September, 1867, will be sold WILLIAM D. CHASE, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Surat, from Talavera, on the 20th August, 1867, by OF L. Tooth, Esq. Driving expenses, 9s. 2d. 4 bay mare, hind feet white, branded F near shoulder, F off shoulder and thigh. If not released on or before the 17th September, 1867, will be sold to defray, expenses. A. G. M'KENZIE, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Condamine, from Undullah, 18th August, 1867, by order of A. Meston, Esq. Driving expenses, 6s. per headed white bullock, US over near ribs, ear marked; 1 brindle bullock, WB off ribs, near ear marked; 1 red cow, *""?* over D over B near ribs, '"W over D near rump and thigh j 1 brindle bullock, 888 over A over AA near ribs, WB over uBA off ribs ; 1 red and white bullock, DS near ribs. If not released on or before the 17th day of September, 1867, will be sold. AHERN, Poundkeeper. . IMPOUNDED at Taroom, from Caraboh, 20th August, 1867, by order of Sooton Dunn, Esq. Driving, 2s. per head 9-4 black filly, F reversed near shoulder and thigh, R off shoulder and rump, stripe down face, near hind foot white ; 1 bay horse, W near shoulder, star, white spots over back, shod all round ; 1 bay colt, branded FO near shoulder, S off shoulder, like FC near rump, star ; 1 bay mare, F sideways near side neck, like C reversed near shoulder, star, hind foot white ; 1 boy filly, JC near shoulder ; 1 bay horse, like C over C near shoulder, S off shoulder. If not released on or before the 17th September, 1867, will be sold CHARLES RYDER, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Dalby, from Mr. F. W. Roche's -Paddock, 20th August, 1867. Damages ยฃ5 34 brindle and red bullock, cock horns, like brand near ribs, diamond off loin, like O off rump. If not released before Tuesday, 17th September, 1867, will be sold JOHN CniTnEBOE, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Surat, from Noorindoo, on the 12th August, 1867. Driving expenses, 2s. 6d. per head 14 bay colt, star and snip, near hind foot white, R near shoulder ; 1 flea bitten grey mare, fistula, ace of hearts near shoulder and ribs. If not released will be sold on the 17th September, 1867. G. M'KENZIE, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Allora, from Glengallen, 13th August, 1867, by order of John Deuchar, Esq. Driving, 2s. per head 4 roan steer, like JH conjoined off rump and ribs, slit off car ; 1 brindle steer, back bit out of off ear, no brand visible; 1 yellow and white cow, WC off shoulder ; 1 yellow and white steer, like IH off rump and ribs ; 1 yellow and white cow, CK reversed near rump ; 1 yellow and white bull calf, unbranded; 1 white cow, like TE conjoined near rump, notch near ear 1 red and white heifer, slit off ear, like A" con- joined with indescribable brand and of off shoulder ; 1 yellow and white heifer calf, unbranded; 1 yellow and white heifer, illegible brand near ribs and rump ; 1 yellow and white poley cow, WM near ribs, W near shoulder, crop near ear ; 1 black and white heifer calf, crop near ear, no brand visible ; 1 yellow and white cow, like RC over blotch brand off rump ; 1 red bullock, like WM over 6 off shoulder, like 9 near shoulder, illegible brands near rump and ribs, slit both ears, down horn ; 1 red and white steer, WD off shoulder, piece out of off ear ; 1 yellow and white steer, back bit out of off ear, blotch brand off rump, ribs, and shoulder ; 1 yellow and white heifer, like JF conjoined off shoulder and off rump ; 1 red steer, illegible brand over 2 off shoulder, slit off ear. If not released on or before the 17th September, 1867, will be sold to defray ex- penses E. H. MAnoETTS, Poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED at Springsure, from Glendara well-won 6th August, 1867, by Messrs. Boyd and Jaffray. Driving, 5s. 10d. per head ; damages on entire, 5 34 grey horse, R near shoulder, like IS off shoulder, large hock joints ; 1 bay horse, like anchor near shoulder, horseshoe near thigh, nearly blind near eye ; 1 piebald entire, DES near shoulder. If not released, will be sold on 17th September, 1867. M. C. THOMSON, Poundkeeper. COLONIAL GOVERNORS The appointment of Lord Monck to the Viceroyalty of Canada as, we understand, only for a limited period. He will start the new Confederation, after which, in about a twelvemonth, he will leave its fortunes! to a successor. The present Lieutenant-Gov- errors are not yet recalled, nor will they leave their posts till the first Parliament under the new system has met and arranged several points which must be disposed of before the nomination of the new provincial administrations. The Duke of Buckingham is likely to have the same good fortune in colonial patronage as has attended Lord Derby in the law. Not only will the great prize of Canada fall to his presentation, but several colonial Governments, such as Sydney, Queensland, and Tasmania, will shortly become vacant by the expiration of the tenure of their' present occupants. The recent Act giving pensions to colonial Governors will restrict the range of choice, OF pretentions are already raised for keeping the functions of govern ship close profession Pall Mall Gazette. * " OLD SANDS." A certain soi-disant retired physician, about ten years ago, used to claim the confidence of the public in the purity of his benevolence, on the plea that the " sands of his life were nearly run out, leaving you to infer that, standing as he did on the brink of the grave, he was incapable of deviating from the truth. All the venerable patriarch wanted was to spend his few remaining sounded in affording relief to the suffering by imparting to them some wondrous discovery he had made in the healing art for a consideration, of course of how could he moribund philanthropist afford to do it for nothing ? What has become of that old sinner-'" Odd Sands," as his victims learned to call- him P His remaining sands dribbled on year after year, and that to a pretty profitable time, for some five years at least, and then he gave up, not the ghost, but the game he had played so long, leaving that to a host of imita- tors, and betaking himself to' a certain manufacturing town in the north. There, says our informant, instead of shuffling off his mortal coil, he executed a shuffle of a different kind : from a moribund philanthropist he became the N-Botanical Institution, for the cure of all intestinal disease by means of a sovereign panacea discovered by an enterprising traveller in the impenetrable forests of South America. As an institution, he was no longer on the brink of the grave, but had grown young and vigorous ; his philanthropy was now pure and unmixed and he bestowed his panacea gratuitously upon all who chose to apply for it, enclosing stamped envelope for its return by post. The reader will ask how upon earth he made tho-apocula tion poy ? Well, the fact was, there was a singular property about the South American vegetable that rendered his preservation for any length of time impossible and the consequence was that the institution found if Self compelled, in order to maintain its efficiency as a specific, to extract its juices by a chemical process, and combining them with a fit medium, to manufacture the mass into pills. On applying by letter for a gratuitous supply of the famous vegetable, you were, by return, politely informed of the difficulty of keeping it, and of the fact that the institution had none then upon band, though they were expecting a fresh consignment by the first vessel from the Plata : the pills, however, were at your service, but, as the labor attending the complex process of extracting and solidifying the juice was very great, they could not be sold without loss to the institution, at less than four-and-sixpenco the box. Of course, selling gamboge pills (for they proved to be nothing more) at four-and-sixpenco a-box paid the rascal very well. The reader will scarcely need to be informed that the institution and the South American root, like the failing sands of life, were mere figures of speech. Leisure Hour, 