WßDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1867. The effect of the judgment delivered yesterday by the Supreme Court, in the case of Alcock v. Fergie, is that the Government of Victoria have not acted beyond the law in suffering judgments by default in actions against the Crown, under the Crown Liabilities and Re- medies Act, but that His EXCELLENCY, the Governor of ,the Colony, and the Commissioners of Audit will be acting beyond the law if they allow the amounts of such judgments to be paid out of the Colonial Treasury without the autho- rity of an Appropriation Act of the colonial Legislature specifically appro- priating funds for such payments. As the reasoning on which this conclusion is based is partly technical and purely legal, and partly of a broad constitu- tional nature, and as the full judgment in our law columns extends to a very great length, and the time and ability to run through the whole labyrinth of argument may not be at the disposal of all our readers, we will state how the case came before the Court, sketch the substance of the narrower technical reasoning, and set forth the broader constitutional grounds. In form the proceeding now before tho Court is an action by HENRY ALCOCK, billiard-table maker, to recover damages from HENEY PENKETH FERGIE, notary, for an alleged breach, of an alleged agreement to forbear for one month from suing ALCOCK for £120 owed to FERGIE. The alleged valuable consideration for the promise to forbear is that a valuable security for money, in the form of a judgment against the QUEEN for £157 for a debt owed by lier to ALCOCK, had been assigned by ALCOCK to FERGIE. The alleged breach of the promise to forbear is that FERGIE had, despite his promise to forbear for a month, sued ALCOCK within the month, and compelled him to pay the debt of £120 and costs. The defence put for- ward by FERGIE is that there never existed any legal consideration for any such promise to forbear as he is charged with making, because the pretended judgment against the QUEEN was invalid, and therefore no " valuable security." In support of this view FERGIE by his plea avers, or affects to aver, the facts under which the judg- ment was recovered against the QUEEN. He says that ALCOCK sued HER MAJESTY for the price of goods sold and delivered ; and HER MA- JESTY'S law officers said nothing in the action, and the Court did not hear and determine it ; and that thereupon judgment was signed by AL- COCK by default ; but that the contract out of which his claim arose was made without the authority of the QUEEN or the Imperial or Colonial Parliament, and that no money legally available for pay- ment of the demand has ever been ap- propriated by Parliament for the pur- pose. These facts, FERGIE contends, made such a judgment invalid, and de- prived it of the character of a valuable security, the assignment of which could form the basis of a contract to forbear suing for money due. ALCOCK then by his pleading in reply, set out or affected to set out more of the facts under which he obtained the judgment against the QUEEN. We may extract these : firstly, that the goods sold and delivered were a billiard-table for use at Toorak, fixed there under con- tract with the Board of Land and Works, made by authority of the GOVERNOR ; and, secondly, that by the Supply Act, No. 322, passed by the Colonial Legis- lature, during the session of the early part of this year, funds were voted " for " the service in the said petition men- " tioned," on which petition the judg- ment by default was signed. The pleadings having thus run through the stages of petition, plea, and replication, the defendant demurred to the replica- tion, and thus opened up the question of law, whether the judgment in the case of AIcock v. The Queen was a valid judgment and a "valuable security.'' On the hearing of a demurrer at law, the Court must take as true the facts alleged in the pleading demurred to ; and wherc any allegation in any such pleading is ambiguous, the view of the facts least favourable to the argument of the ambi- guous pleader, and most favourable to that of his adversary, must be taken. Before introducing the next part of our subject —the arguments on which the judgment delivered by the Court is based—-we should note that the argu- ments used by Mr. IRELAND in his masterly speech in support of the demurrer -firstly, attacked on constitutional grounds the power of the Crown to contract without the authority of Par- liament ; secondly, denied the technical regularity under the Crown Liabilities and Remedies Act of judgments "by ".default ;" and, thirdly, maintained that such judgments could not be "valid secu- " rities" without an implied repeal of the Constitution and Audit Acts of the colony-a thing impossible, because in the teeth of an act of the Legislature expressly against all "implied repeals." Remembering this general aspect of the argument, urged against the validity of the judgment in Alcock v. The Queen, we are the better able to see the full significance of the fact, that the judgment of the Court is mainly based on a view which looks beyond the preliminary and compara- tively theoretical questions of the right of the Government to contract with- out Parliamentary sanction, and the technical validity and value of judgments signed by default, and re- gards only the more important prac- tical and immediately pressing question, whether such judgments, conceding them to be both valid in law and of some commercial value (because pay- ment of them may possibly be made lawful at some time hereafter), can ever be paid out of the treasury of Vic- toria at any time before an appropria- tion act has been passed by the Legis- lature of Victoria specifically appro- priating public moneys for that pur- pose. We may very briefly dispose of the arguments on the power to contract and the validity and value of the judgments. The Court holds that the GOVERNOR had no authority to make the contract on which arose the claim of the plaintiff in Alcock v. The Queen, but that as that defence was not pleaded in that action, it cannot be used in this fiction of Alcock v. Fergie as a weapon to attack the judg- ment in that the assignment of which is the basis of the right to sue in this. The Court also held that the law-officers of the Crown have power to allow judg- ments to go by default, and that the judgment in the action of Alcock v. The Queen, was so far legal. And, lastly, the Court held that such a judg- ment is a " valuable security," because there is a chance, a probability, of its being paid at some time hereafter, and such chance of payment is a sufficient element of assignable value to form the " consideration" basis of any contract. As to the grand final question of the legality of paying judgments by default without an express Appropriation Act for the purpose, the Court shaped its conclusions thus :-It had passed with- out contradiction at the bar, that so soon as judgment was signed it must be paid, but that was a hasty view. The Crown Liabilities and Remedies Act provided that on receipt of a certificate of the judgment the GOVERNOR might " cause to be paid out of the consoli- " dated revenue" such damages. But be could only cause such payment out of tho revenue "legally available" for that purpose, and could only do so in the forms legally prescribed for that purpose. As to the forms legally pre- scribed, they had already been minutely set out in the Audit Act, -which enacts the steps to be taken and the instru- ments to be signed, by the Commis- sioners of Audit, before any money " legally available" can be paid out. " Nothing," said the Court, "can be " more explicit than these instructions ; " thus only can money be drawn from " the Treasury. For this process, the " Crown Remedies Act substitutes no " other." As to the funds available for such payments, they are those only which have been specifically dedicated to that purpose by an Appropriation Act passed for the purpose. The appropria- tion may be express or implied, but if implied it must be clearly and neces- sarily so implied :— "Appropriation ought to be of a sum cer- tain--for somo definite specific object, the value of which Parliament can estimate, and in consideration of which it is prepared to forego its privilege of an annual vote and appropriation after full discussion, The specific object in view in framing the Crown Remedies Act was not the gaining a certain public benefit in consideration of an equiva- lent in money, but the simplification of the mode of suing the Crown, and that only.. We cannot discover any special benefit re- ceived, or to bo received, by Parliament, for giving up, during all time to come, the power of supervising the merits of judgments. Errors may arise, miscarriages may take place, for which the strict rules of law provide no adequate remedy. . . When a sum certain is directed by a statute to be paid annually during a series of years, there, by necessary intendment, the direction amounts to a special appropriation, for that direction could not be carried out without assuming that Parliament had abandoned its right of giving an annual vote for the object, . . . Each special appropriation is a voluntary surrender by Parliament of what is supposed to be its most important power, and where that surrender is dependent solely on infer- ence or intendment for its existence, we must be well assured of the intention of the Legis- lature before we presume that the general revenue of the country has been withdrawn from all direct control by a measure which, so far as express terms are concerned, is silent on the subject." "We prefer to rest our decision on the broad grounds that the Legislature, when they passed the Crown Remedies Act, are supposed to have had the provisions of the Audit Act in their recollection ; that they have not, either expressly or impliedly, re- pealed the latter act ; and as they have not made the former a special appropriation of moneys for the satisfaction of judgments against the Crown, we will not construe it as if they had." \------------------------------------- Questions of privileges crop up in other Parliaments than our own, although they have seldom the piquancy and flavour which characterise our own pro- ductions in that field. The latest in- stance has been presented in the pro- ceedings of the Legislative Council of South Australia, and we question if ever a more fatuous effort was made in any council chamber, Imperial or colonial, to sustain a charge of invasion of the privileges of the representatives of the people. It is worth while, however, to look at the doings of our neighbours, if it be only to learn from their proceed- ings how ridiculous a legislative body may make themselves at times ; and to inquire whether they appear more ridi- culous to us in this particular case than our own Assembly has been pre- sumed to be by our neighbours of South Australia on various occasions of a similar character. In this instance, the parties charged with a breach of the privileges of the Parliament of tbe neighbouring colony were Messrs, ANDREWS, THOMAS, and CLARK, the proprietors of the South Australian Register. Our readers need not be told that the journal in question is the leading organ of public opinion in the sister colony, and is very ably conducted. The charge against its proprietors was substantially, that they had printed some portions of the evidence taken by a select committee in the case of Major WARBURTON-who had been, at his own request, relieved from the charge of the police force of the colony -and had commented upon it edi- torially before the report itself had been presented to Parliament. This, no doubt, was an offence which touchy members of Parliament, having little but their dignity to stand on, might consider more or less grievous, but in this case the offence-if offence there was -might have been the less regarded, seeing that an inordinate length of time had been permitted to elapse between the completion of the committee's labours and the presentation of their report to the Parliament which had in- structed them to perform the work. This, at least, may be said on behalf of our contemporary, that a house of Par- liament fully as jealous of its preroga- tives as that of South Australia-to wit, the Assembly of Victoria-suffered a similar case of late occurrence to pass without notice. This journal, in the case of HARGREAVES, simply on the ground of the general interest felt in the matter, did precisely what the Register did in that of Major WARBURTON ; but the Victorian Assembly ventured upon no charge of breach of privilege in that case, while our contemporary had a plea in defence which was not available to us-that the delay in the presenta- tion of the committee's report had been long and vexatious, and that copies were circulated so freely about the city that the journalist who declined, out of mere respect to the supposed privileges of Parliament, to use the information at his command, would have been open to the charge of neglecting the interests of the public. The Legislative Council of South Australia, however, went beyond the As- sembly of Victoria in this doubtful matter of privilege. It appointed a select committee to inquire into the circumstances of the case ; and this committee having asked Messrs. AN- DREWS and THOMAS certain questions, the answers to which would have in- volved private and confidential matters of business, those gentlemen declined to reply to them, and for this offence found themselves at the bar of the House, exposed-should the Council see fit so to act-to imprisonment at the will of the House, either in the custody of the sergeant-at-arms or of the common gaoler of the city. Happily the ma- jority of the Council had the good sense to back out of the position into which the House had been led, and, by a process which was self-condemnatory, permitted the defendants to leave the bar unharmed, left the question of pri- vilege where it was, and the public mind somewhat excited on a subject which has been equally provocative of unfavourable comment here-that of the powers claimed for themselves by the persons elected to legislate for their fellows. The question involved in this case was not one of great importance, THTHTHTHTHTH though the defendants are just as much to be commended for their spirited and successful defence of the rights and liberties of the press and the public as if these had been attacked in a.more serious manner. The Legislative Coun- cil, hoAvever, has not come out of the affair without loss of honour. Wherever privilege has rightly to bo defended, there must be a clear case, based on high grounds, if the Legislature is. to expect public sympathy. In this case, however, only personal animus could be assigned for the petty persecution to Avhich the proprietors of the Register ivore exposed. .South Australia has a Constitution Act ?which strictly defines the acts of com- mission or omission Avhich are to be construed as breaches of privilege, but the presumed offence laid to the charge of Messrs. ANDKEAVS and THOMAS AVUS not amongst them. The Council, how- ever, has a member in tho Hon. Mr. BAKER who is apt to be someAvhat Avrong- headed, and to conceive that mat- ters Avhich aro petty and personal to him- self are of great importance to the public, and affect the common Aveal. It hap- pened that the Hon. Mr. BAKER, in a thoughtless moment, made a proposal of a dance to some partially-educated native .women on his run, by Avay of pleasuring our Royal visitor, which offended the modesty of the poor creatures addressed, and someAvhat vexed the ivhole com- munity. A reference to tliis unfor- tunate affair, and police-court proceed- ings Avhich followed upon it, furnish the motives Avhich induced the Hon. Mr. BAKER to endeavour to punish A\\*ith the sword of privilege the daring printers who pilloried him for his unfortunate lapse in the matter of the blacks. It is altogether to the discredit of the honour- able gentleman, and the members Avho supported bim, that it is so easy to con- nect their actions in Parliament with matters AA'hich occurred outside the Avails. Wherever personal feeling is permitted to show itself thus clearly, the public will be suspicious of the integrity of tlie motives of those Avho cry out, and " priA'ilege " A\all find little favour Avith them. Parliament may be unable to restrain its members from making themselves ridiculous at times, and may haA'e no efficient means of preventing them from doing harm to the cause the defence of which they undertake ; but it is to be trusted, for the sake of the respect due to the system of government under which we exist, that Avhen next the Hon. Mr. BAKER takes up the de- fence of the privileges of Parliament, he ?will do so Avith cleaner hands and higher ?motives than were his on this late occa- sion. To-morrow, Boxing-day, there will be no publication of The Argus. On this occasion and the practice will probably bo followed in futuie-we have preferred publishing on Cluistmas morning rather than on the morn- ing of Boxing-day, that the employés of The Argus-whose holidays are few and usually impeifect-may have the oppoitunity of cn jojing Chiistmas-day, as other rational beings enjoy it, at their own firesides and with their friends, after the religious exei rises proper to the day. On all previous occasions, our readers will understand, nearly the whale of Christmas-day has necessarily been devoted to the preparation of the following day's paper, so that in reality it has been no holiday at all to our literary and. printing staffs. ? Boxing-day piomises to be unusually fruit- ful in attractions for those who will, no doubt, malle holiday, if the weather is as favourable for out-door enjoyments as it usually is at this festive season of the year. The Volunteer Review will draw many to the Flemington Cohrso ; the Intercolonial Cricket Match will be a powerful attraction ; the German picnic and the Oddfellows' fête will have a magnetic influence on many ; tno ?Galatea, the sea beach, the river, the gai dons, and tho parks will all have their visitors ; and in the evening the theatres, with their pantomimes and amateur per fonnances, "will no doubt be crowded from pit to gallery. Last night the streets of the city presented an unusually animated appearance, the foot- paths being crowded by persons doing tho usual marketing in preparation for to-day's seasonal festivities, and by othors who had come out to witness the operation. It was like thiee or four Saturday evenings rolled into one, with a certain holiday feeling per- vading the same, and lending it an added inteicst and attiactiveness. In the butchers', poulterers', greengrocers', and fishmongers' shops there Avas an extraordinary display of the good things of life, and eager customers thronged them all For some hours the "astern Market presented a scone of great hustle and activity, and the bargains there effected must havo laid a very solid founda- tion for innumerable pleasant social cele- brations to come off to-day. If anyone goes without roast meat and pudding it -will not be by reason of the dcarness of pro- visions, for A'ery good butcher's meat Avas sold last night at a penny a pound, and all tho other ingredients of unostentatious table in- dulgence were also at moderato prices. The sounds of the maiket may not have been altogether pleasant, chielly consisting, as they did, of the competitive bellowings of rival tradesmen frantically desirous to clear off their stores, and the prevailing smell being that of live geese and rabbits, Avas .ceitainly capable of improvement ; but no one could seo the immense piles .of excellent food there collected, and icing sold at comparatively cheap rates, Avithout congratulating the crowd of buyers upon their good fortune in having a Vic toiian market in Avhich to make their ?Christmas purchases. Up till midnight this husy scene was prolonged, and in every outlet from the town innumerable parties were to he seen wending their way to the suburbs with holiday provisions in their charge-live poultry struggling in their grasp, quarters .of mutton in towels, fruit iii handker. chiefs, &c.; At tho Flinders-street railway station large numbers of passengers awaited the late trains, similarly laden, and on all hands tho utmost good humour pre- vailed, the Christmas celebrations having already induced a holiday feeling in tho public mind. Wo have seldom seen our fino city present a more pleasant scone than it did last night, or ono that fur- nished moro conclusive evidence that the great bulk of its population is in easy, and comfortable circumstances. If the Aveather of Christmas-day continues as favourable to out-of-door amusements as it promised to be at an advanced hour of the morning, this will be one of the best enjoyed holidays that .Melbourne has seen for a long time. As the Sailors' Homo Ball is now definitely Íixedtocoi]icofrontlic31stinst, the committee request us to state that all applications for tickets should be sent innot later than Satur da) morning in. order to enable them to com- plete (ho necessary arrangement in a satis factor} manner The much expected judgment of tho Su preme Court on the delimiter in the case of A IcocL v ra gie was dein crcd j este rdaj In effect it upholds the technical validity of judgments by default nwunst the Crown in | actions against it undci the Crown Remedies Act but renders them of no practical avail lo those who have obtained them until nu ap propn tlionact lias been passed specificallyap I pi opri atong mon cj s out of the publie rev onues ' for then pnvment It will be remembered that on the argument of the demurrer, the. judgments bj default in actions under the Crown llcmcdi.es Act were attacked on the threefold ground that the Crown has no authoiity to contract without the sanction of the Legislature , that ]udg incuts bj default aro not contemplated by the Crown Remedies Act andaieinvahd, and that such judgments cannot be good without a repeal of tho Constitution Act and the Audit Act Ihe Court has denltwitb all these ques- tions and has itself raised and disposed of a fourth and still m ore important one-whethor, if the judgments UTC valid thej can yet be paid 'Iho Court held that the Governor has no authority to contract -without the sanction of Parliament but that for plead- ing reasons that defence could not be raised m this action of AlcocL v lergie, w hich is based on the assumed -\ alidtty and assignablo value of the judgment obtained m a pnor action, of AlcocL v The Queen, it held that judgments by "default may law fully be suffered by the law officers m actions against the Queen and it held that there is nothing to invalidate such judgments in the Constitution or Audit Acts but it held finnll} what was cither accidentally o\erlooked 01 intentionally unaigucd by both, sides at the har that there is a more im- portant question behind all these which must also be answered "Will pajment of the judg- ments be legal ' and that the propei answei is in the negatrve Payment of the judg- ments will be illegal till there has been a specific appropriation bj act of the Legisla- ture foi the purpose lhere has as jet been no such net passed If before such act be passed the Audit Commissioners issue or the Governor appio\es of and signs a single warrant foi pajment of such a judgment he will bieak the Constitution Act and the Audit L iw Ycsterduv a deputation from Geelong Bellerine and Queenscliff had an mten lew with the Mnnstei of Railways on the subject of the construction of a railway to Queenscliff Mi Sulhv an stated that the line could only be taken up as pin b of a general comrnchcnsive scheme and indicated that if a sum of money were\otedfoisui\eys atnulsur\ej wouldpro bably be made of this line A proposal was submitted foi the construction of the line on the same principle as the Launceston and We stem Railway in Tasmania In that caso the Government finds the money but receives a guarantee of the interest from the districts tin ou=h which the line passes Mi Sullivan, promised to bring the scheme under tho con- sideration of his colleagues The following notice is important to the legal profession -His Honour Mr Justice Ban y will lake chnmbei business during vacation in chambers only and not elsewhere, on Tuesdaj Decembei 31, luesday January 7, 1 nday Januaiy 10 luesdaj, January 14, 1 nday, January 17 , Tuesday, Janu iry 21 ; lnday January 24 , lueoday, January 28, Friday January 31-at dev en o clock a m Yesterday a deputation horn the Borough Council of Sandridge consisting of the major and townclcrl and Councillors Johnston, Ciockfoid and Curtis had an interview with the Minister of Crown Lands Tho object of the deputation w as to îequest the withdrawal of the town hall reservo winch had been ad v ertised for sale on the 7th of Januars next It was stated that a petition, laigely signed, had been presented to the council, requesting them to take steps to prevent (he sale Mr Grant promised to withdraw it from sale for a year in older to give the council time to take steps tow ards the erection of a tow n hall The little excitement which was recently occasioned at the A\ illmmstovt n Railway sheds m consequence of the stoppa0e of pay- ment, has subsided the w orkmen ha\ ingbcen paid the whole of the money due to thom up to the end of last month The unusually long hohdajs which the. have received com- pelling them to be idle for such a length of time, has given rise to no little grumbling amongst them On its being notified to them that then sei vices -would not be requned foi a few weeks and that intimation would be giv en them of the date on which woik would be resumed theidea becameprev alentthattlus was but an underhand way of piocunngthe dismissal of some of them in a quiet mannor 1 his rumour howev er has been contradicted, and the wolkmen ha\ o been informed that, as soon as the holiday season is over, they will all be employed as hitherto At present theie aie only about a dozon men on the works, most of them being labourers who art engaged m clearing up the place, the re mamder are those -vvho have been sent for te execute such work as will not admit of delay It is expected that the shops will be re opened on the 6th of January We aro oflicially informed that, on ant after the 2Gth mst, a new postage stamp, o the value of 5s w di be issued The stamj will be printed upon a deep canary colouret paper, with blue ink The racehorse Old England arm ed fron Sydney yesterday in the A b N Co s s s City of Melbourne, to fuliil racing engage monts m this colony We aie informed that of the six passenger who died on board tho steamship Atrato (th connecting steamer of the Panama Compan on the Atlantic side), on her voyage from th West Indies to Southampton as reported it the new s rcceiv ed bj tho last Suez mail on died of heart disease ono of consumption and four of vcllow fever All of these pas sengers embarked m the West Indies vvitl their complaints already on them, and out o 257 passengers none others were attacked '1 he Royal Mail Company hav e, howev er de cided that then steamers shall hereafter cal at Water Island in place of St Thomas s Here is an appeal from a fair corresponden which the Prince will surely not be able t íesist -"Melbourne, 21stDecembei, 1807 Sir,-I dont know whether I was moresui prised or distressed on hearing to day th Duke of Ldinburgh ask for a holiday, week's holiday, for thoso lazy bojs, and nove mention tho guis And ho a sailor, too' Fra] Mr Debtor ask him to do just the sam kindness to us and I shall continuo then t bo as I am now,- A Lass that Loves Sailor ' " Seveial correspondents who wero present t the Tancv Dress Ball on Monday have wn ten to us to suggest that at the Sailois' Horn Ball, and ou all future occasions of the sam kind, the so called ' ' Flirtation Court " shoul he a little better lighted We mentioned some time since thi Messrs II A Alcock and Co , of Russel street, the billiard-table manufacturers vvei preparing a case of hilliard cues for present tion to II B H the Duke of Kdmburgh i specimens of the \ alue of our colonial wood aud also of tho mode in which they we: applied to ornamental purposes, by a firm coi fessedly tho foremost in this particular utilts tion of colonial tambor Iho case and cu having been completed were forwardc jesterday to the equorry - in - vvaitin for presentation to the Duke , at they are worthy his acceptance The ca is made of handsomo grained blac wood, the edgo inlaid with Huon pino, at the interior fitted up to hold two cues and ivory chalk-holders. The compartments aro lined with superfine billiard cloth, and the cues themselves are inlaid with a variety of carefully-selected woods, viz. ¡-Myrtle, Huon pine, rosewood (from Brisbane), musk, tulip, myall, red Rum, and blackwood,. the Avholo presenting a really beautiful appearance. The butt of one of the cues is mounted with a gold plate bearing the following' inscription: " Presented to His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, by Alcock and Co., Melbourne, 1807." Under the heading of "Notables at the Ball," a " subscriber of many year's date," Avrites to express a li02ie that " the omission of the mayor of Geelong in our published list yesterday was accidental !" Charitable man! What shall we be accused of next? His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh has signified his intention of honouring with his presence the sports at the Zoological gardens on Boxing- day. Invitations havo been given to the officers and men. of the Calatea. It would scarcely be fair to allow the bril- liant spectacle afforded by the fancy dress ball to pass out of memory without making some recognition of the means by which so many splendid toilettes were furnished. Messrs. Moubray and Lush have the credit of supplying a number of the handsomest ladies' dresses worn on tho occasion, while the cos- tumes turned out by Messrs, Appleton and Twcddcll, Buckley and Nunn, and L. Robin- son and Co., were extremely creditable to the establishments at Avhich they were pro- duced. Among the "lostand stolen" articles con- nected witli the fancy dress ball on the 23rd inst., Mr. Wm, Tucker has reported to the police that he has missed an English lever hunting watch, valued at ¡£10. The erection of the temporary offices at the corner of Collins and William streets, in tended for the occupation of the corporation officials during the building of tho new town hall, is progressing satisfactorily. Operations Avere commenced about seven weeks since, and it is anticipated that the new edifice will be ready for occupation at the expiration of eight weeks. The site which has been selected for the offices is a portion of the western angle of the old foundations,of the Western Market those, desolate-looking bluestone ruins, Avhich never failed to suggest the idea of some half demolished oubliettes, and which have boen an eyesore for a longtime to the architectural appearance of the west portion of Collins street. The building is of brick, and will comprise three storeys. The foundations consist of the old cellar compartments, as originally designed for storage purposes. The second storey will comprise one large room on the front floor, forty-four feet by twenty two feet and twenty feet high. This spacious room will ultimately be let for the purposes of a shop. Another room, constructed on the back portion of tho same floor, will mea- sure fourteen feet by eighteen feet, with a corresponding height to the one previously mentioned. The third storey will be occu- pied as offices, and will consist of four rooms, the front room bearing the proportions of twenty-two feet six inches by fifteen feet, and two lesser apartments of fourteen feet by thirteen feet. A commodious apartment at the rear will .measure eighteen feet by fourteen feet six inches, with an altitude of sixteen feet. The outside walls are nearly completed, and the back portion of the edifice is ready to receive the roofing, which will be of slate. The exterior of the building will be handsomely stuccoed, and thebascmont storey supported by Doric pillars and capitals. The windows will be arched and ornamented by balustrades. The main cornice will be sur- mounted at its north and south angles by a vase resting on a pedestal, supported on its inner side by a tniss, while immediately be- neath the pedestal three lions masks will bo inserted in the cornice. Tho contractors for ? the work are Messrs. DoAvnio and Sturges, at an estimated cost of £3,7G0. Mr. Barry, Swanston-street, is the architect. The build- ing is of the most substantial material, and when finished Avili add materially to tho general appearance of that portion of the city in which it stands, Kaiïy in tho ensuing year building operations on an extensive scale will bo commenced at the eastern angle of the market. The weekly meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday, Present—Mr. H. J. Hart (chairman), and Messrs. Lyons, Gillbee, Fenton, Donovan, Motherwell, Gibbs, Shann, and James. A letter was received from Mr. Curtis, chief dispenser, intimating that the health of Mr. Francis H. Low, assistant dispenser, pre- vented the further prosecution of his duties. The communication was accompanied by an application from Mr. Low for two months' leave of absence. The application was granted conditionally that Mr. Low find a substitute at his own expense. A communication was received from the secretary of the Central Board of Health, informing the committee that the report of the board's inspector had set forth that the regulations which had been adopted for the ventilation of the new wing of the hospital were insufficient, and recommended that be- fore that portion of the building was opened necessary measures should be adopted to remedy the deficiency. The matter was re- ferred to the Building Committee. A letter was read from Mr. Rees, requesting three weeks' leave of absence, and soliciting the sanction of the committee for an inter- change of duties with Mr. Semple. Leave of absence was granted irrespective of the second application. A letter was read from Mr. Semple asking permission to fulfil the duties of Mr. Rees. The application was not received, but an unanimous opinion was ex- pressed that as soon as Mr. Semple's leave of absence expires he will be expected to resume his own duties. A letter from Mr. Shil- linglaw, enclosing a complaint of im- proper treatment from a recent patient named Peter Graham, was ordered to be addressed to the gentlemen immediately in- terested. The tender of Messrs. M'Clure and Valentine, for the supply of groceries during the year, was accepted. Mr. Gillbee gave notice that, on next day of meeting, he would move that in future separate tenders be invited for the supply of tea and sugar. Some discussion arose as to the propriety of allowing a certain number of beds to be placed at the disposal of each assistant sur- geon and physician. On the motion of Mr. James, the matter was postponed until next meeting. On the suggestion of Mr. Gibbs, it was decided to direct Dr. Fitzgerald's at- tention to the excessive supply of bottled porter allowed by him to his patients, and requesting an explanation of the matter. Similar requests were ordered to be forwarded to Drs. Robertson, Wilkie, and Black, with respect to the excessive consumption of port wine, and to Dr. Thomas regarding brandy. The business was then concluded. The attention of the sporting world is ju now fixed upon the coming New Year's Di Races, although tho sporting "three-uj trial has attracted as much as it has b ?wildercd a lot of the betting men wl thronged the Old Court on Monday and yc tcrday. For the Port Phillip Stakes the Ba: is now prominently the first favourite 5 to 4, and 2 to 1 is currently offered again Fishhook. Tho Derby prime favourite Fireworks at 6 to 4, and Little Fish remai at 5 to 2. The expected advent of the Sydn colt, Old England, has not affected the mt kct to any perceptible extent, his backe confining themselves to offering to ta' absurdly long odds that he beats other na entered in the race. The viscera of the racehorse Exile havi: been forwarded to Mr. Sydney Gibbons i analysis of its contents, the sporting world h been for several days agape to leam tho pi fessional opinion on the causes of death, as they might be found on a minute and scien- tific investigation of the matter submitted to the analyst. Mr. Sydney Gibbons' opinion is now anxiously looked for, and it is to be hoped that it will not long be withheld, as of course his jwofessionnl dictum would relieve many doubts that at present exist. It is understood that there arc good and sufficient reasons for delay in the publi- cation of the results of the examination. Tlie elevonth great cricketing contest be- tween Victoria and New South Wales com- mences to-morrow, on the metropolitan ground, under circumstances which promise an even game and a fine exposition of cricket. The New South Wales Eleven consists of Blair, Caffyn, Gordon, Gilbert, C. Gregory, D. Gregory, E. Gregory, Hewitt, Laurance, Sinclair, Sheridan, and Thompson ; and the following have been chosen to represent Vic- toria :-Allen, Bennett, Campbell, Conway, Cosstick, Gibson, Greaves, Kelly, Robert- son, Wardill, and Wills. The match will extend over Thursday, Friday, and Satur- day. Wickets are to bo pitched at twelve o'clock each day, and drawn at six. The charge of admission to tho ground is fixed at Is., and a second payment of that amount will enablo visitors to occupy a seat in the very capacious grand stand erected at the south side of the ground. At the conclusion of the match on Saturday, a one mile Hat race will he ran for the championship of the colony. The Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court for December were concluded yesterday with the trial of Thompson, Saqui, Branch, and Anderson, for conspiring to defraud J. M. Ashton. Tho facts must.be familiar to our readers. Saqui and Thompson played a game known as "three up," at Tattersall's Hotel. Ashton and Anderson betted with each other on the game, Ashton backing Saqui, and losing £340. The case for the prose- cution was, that in tossing the coins Sneiui had one known asa " grey"-that is one with two heads-and that defendants, being in collusion with each other to cheat Ashton, Thompson always called "heads," as it was impossible for "tails" to turn up. This case rested mainly on the evidence of one George Alderson, who was a spectator of the occurrence, and -who being refused a share in the spoil, told Ashton how he had been " done." For the defence, all the principal statements made by Alderson were donied. The jury, after a two days' trial, acquitted the defendants, stating that they did not believe what Alderson had swoni. In the County Court yesterday, in Morton v. Fox, the plaintiff sought to recover damages in respect of a collision between himself on horseback and a vehicle driven by a friend of the defendant. Tho general facts of the case showed that the primary cause of the collision arose from the eccentric movements of a vehicle other than that of the defendant. The plaintiff was nonsuited. The Court will sit next on the 30th inst. At the City Court yesterday, William" Speed, a publican residing at Ghurch- strcet, Richmond, was lined £100 for having in his possession an illicit still in full working order, together with a quantity of spirits on which Customs duty had not been paid. The sittings of the Geelong Insolvent Court were held on Tuesday, pro forma, in order simply to comply with the provisions of the act, which provides for a Court being held at least in every thirty-one days. Mr. Ann strong was temporarily appointed, and acted as Commissioner. Meetings were orxmed and closed in the estates of William. Kockett, Wil- liam Watson. W. Floyd, and Edward Fry, and the Court was then adjourned. The committee of the Williamstown Mechanics' Institute have organised a grand fete in aid of their funds, to be held in the local botanical gardens to- morrow afternoon. The programme of sports is an attractive one. The children of Footscray and Maidstone arc to celebrato the visit of His Royal High- ness the Duke of Edinburgh by a pic-nic on Boxing Day. Full provision has been mado for the refreshment and amusement of the children ami their friends. The fruit season in the neighbourhood of Geelong promises fair, with the exception of the peach trees, which have been attacked in one or two orchards with a species of blight, causing the leaves to die away, and exposing the fruit to the rays of the sun. There will he to all appearance a good crop of damsons and plums, especially of greengages. The vines continue to give promise of a favourable yield. " People who believe in coincidences," says iho Ballarat Star, " will probably be pleased with the following :-The shareholders of the company now known as the Royal Duke had their first meeting on the day on which Hit Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgl arrived at Adelaide, and the name of Boya Duke is given in his honour. The first wash dirt was struck on the Monday on whicl His Royal Highness arrived at Ballarat, anc the first regular washings took place at thi time of his second visit." A. political meeting was held at Sale or Thursday evening,- for the purpose of takin¡ steps to secure an eligible candidate to repre sent North Gipps Land in. the Legislative Assembly. A motion was proposed pledginf the meeting to support a candidato in the Ministerial interest, and to accept the norn! nation of Mr. P. L. Smyth as a candidate However, tho opinion was expressed that tin district would be able to get a far better re presentativc than Mr. Smyth, and an amend ment was adopted to the effect that the meet ing would not pledge itself to support anyon« not sufficiently known. A caso was heard at Salo on Thursday, ii which John Sewell mid John James Clarkt were charged with forcibly rotaining posses sion of the Royal Exchange Hotel fron Messrs. Turnbull, Howden, and Wishart The matter referred to some late irregula proceedings of forcible possession, growini out of a dispute about title. The Bench con sidered that a case for a jury had been mad out, and committed the defendants to talc their trial at the next general sessions. Mr. Cheong Pong Nam, Chinese catechist writes to the Ballarat Star as follows :-" Ii referenco to tho paragraph about the leper which appeared in your issue of the 10th inst, I beg to state that these unfortunate creature are not so uncared for as yon make them out t bo. I myself go to their camp every weok, an give each leper Cs. from tho Benevolent Asj lum, and when the Duke of Edinburgh cam to Ballarat they had each of them Cs. extri As to clothes, it is not only tho police who ai to get the credit of supplying the .lepers wit them ; somo private individuals have als kindly contributed to theirrelief in this respec I and another Chinese gavo SergeantLarncri for removing two lepers' houses from Goldei point to Clayton's-hill. I beg, through yoi to appeal to the kind jiublic for further assis once on behalf of the lepers, in the shape i money, clothing, and anything that will he to add to their comfort, which cvcryoi knows is littlo enough. In conclusion, I si: ccrcly hopo that the Council of Ballarat 12a and the Government will not lose sight of ti matter." The following statement from the Wooc Point Times may be falcon for what it worth :-" Mr. Miller and soveral other ge tlemen, travelling lately between Sloat Punt and the Pig and Whistle, have i peatedly seen two animals swimming in swamp in that neighbourhood, with hea much resembling that of a calf. 'JThcy cou not see the whole of the body, but from I way the water was disturbed they infer th these animals must be six or seven feet lot and about tho thickness of a man. From t peculiar noiso they moko at night, the t f cription agrees with, that wc have heard of tho bunyip or land-seal." Fatal accidents to boys while engaged bath- ing continue to be very frequent. A little boy, ten years of age, named Edward Cohen, was accidentally drowned whilst bathing on Saturday, 21st inst., in a waterhole on White flat, Ballarat. There were other boys with him at the time, but they were unable to ren- der him any assistance, and before his body was recovered life was quite extinct. A serious accident occurred on Thursday evening HI the store of Messrs. Hackett and Smith, Amherst. A lighted kerosene lamp fell to the lloor, and ignited the dress of a woman named Marshall, who sustained in- juries of a A-ery severe character before tho llames could be extinguished. "A curious, case," says the Ballarat Star, " carne under the notice of a medical gentle- man atthcDurhamLeaclafewdaysogo. Alady called on Mr. Brown, surgeon, to consult him about an infant, nine months old. The lady stated that when washing tho child that morning she had felt something hard, and abont two inches in length, over the region of the left kidney. Mr. Brown examined the child, and found no external inflammation or redness, but could distinctly trace a hard, thin, and long substance imbedded in the muscles. He cut down to it, and to his sur- prise found that it was a glover's needle, very black, and much corroded. It was so rotten that he had to extract it piecemeal. Neither ? the mother nor the nurse had noticed any unusual symptoms before that morning, and no explanation can be given as to how the needle got into the body of so young a child." The steamer Cumberoona contrived, with some difficulty, to get up to Albury on Sun- day week, finding the river very shallow in- deed in several places. The vessel was taken into summer quarters on the New South Wales bank of the river, there to await the autumnal rise of the stream. Steps have been taken at Sandhurst to- wards erecting a monument to the memory of the unfortunate boys who lost their lives by the burning of the model ship Galatea. A man named Oscar, a Swede, lost his life at Cockatoo on Saturday afternoon by falling from his horse, sustaining injuries from which he died within a very short time. About a fortnight ago a young man of Avenk intellect named Donald Cameron wandered from his home at Lockwood, and although search was made for him by his friends and the police, nothing could for a long time be found of him. On Monday his dead body was found about half a mile from the Lockwood Polico Camp. The Pastoral Times, writing of the manner of disposing of assisted immigrants,' says : "We have for years protested against the system of discharging immigrants on the large towns. If the Government had depots -say, one at Fort Bourke, another at Wil- cannia, at Wentworth, Balranald, Hay, and Deniliquin-numbers of the immigrant class would get employed forthwith, instead «£ being permitted to add in number to th« towns' populations, where men, as well as women, become idle, demoralised, and even- tually a.burden to the country, But each Executive since responsible government was introduced beoomes more and more addicted to centralisation - our large towns become full of loafers, while the ' raw material ' in the country, who profess to be. labourers, and. who will not do half a day's work, have the modesty to ask Ss. per day. Ask John Chinaman to do a day's work here and his tariff is 8s. per day. In his own ' flowery land ' he would consider his fortune made if he could secure work for his lifetime at Id. per day ! We also suffer from the want of a depot for domestic female servants, when Cobb's people realise so much during the year in bringing up from Mel- bourne servant-girls, and taking them back again to the metropolis. The girls seldom stay moro than six or twelve months ; having saved ¡£20 or £30, they as a rule consider themselves bound to go to Mel- bourne to spend it. If a savings-bank were instituted at Deniliquin it is possible that some good would result from it ; at all events a sweeping reform is Avanted in connexion with immigration.!' A correspondent writes :-" I have got hold of an item of information Avhich may help to elucidate the vexed question touching the presence of gold in carboniferous strata. An intelligent miner, just returned from New Zealand, assures me that on the Buller gold is actually found resting on the coal mea- sures; also that when prospecting for coal in Queensland some years ago, on Mr. Coxon's station, near Brisbane, he found quartz veins and coal lodes (neither in payable quantity) in immediato con- tact. Another singular fact in con- nexion with mining, which was communi- cated to me by tho same informant, has not yet been made public, so far as I havo seen. At the Seventeen-milo Beach, north from Greymouth, there are payable auriferous deposits in the sea- sand, which are re- newed every tide. My informant and ono companion worked these deposits for weeks, averaging about an ounce adayfor the two, and confining their operations to a space of between twenty and thirty feet. The gold was fonned in a bed of black sand, about one inch thick, overlain by abed of grey sand about twenty inches thick at its inland edge, but tapering off to nothing at the sea- ward side. The deposit of black sand did not vary much from day to day, cither in its thickness or in its richness, nor was the deposit perceptibly greater if an ebb Avas allowed to pass without its being removed. The stuff was washed in a sluice box supplied with water from a lagoon t little way from the sea, and very good, Avages Avere made for four hours' Avork a day. So fal as my informant knew, the whole of the Seventeen- mile Beach would pay as well ai the spot on which ho worked." "AVelcarn," says the Tasmanian Times " that the Colonial Treasurer has reccivci letters from tho agent-general for the co lony, by the October mail, convoying the in formation that the Government brokers hat succeeded in disposing of, on the 17th Octo her, tho balance of the loan of £102,00< authorised to be raised under the Publii Works Act, 1865, at £95, with intorest fron the 1st July. The amount thus disposed o is £87,000. Debentures to the amount o £1,100 were also in the hands of the agent general, and had since been disposed of a £07. With respect to the railway bonds- fo the Launceston and AVestem Railway, til agent-general recommended that which ha already been done, viz., that the railwa bonds should be issued as Government de benturcs, and consolidated Avith the otho Government debt." Wo take the following from the S. A Register of the 21st December. The informe tion the paragraph contains is satisfactory : " A correspondent at Melbourne, writing o December 10 to a large milling (inn hen says :-' In company with-and a Castli maine miller, I loft on Tuesday evening, an have been nearly all through these district: j Avhich at the present date may be lookc upon as the granary of Victoria (last year th two counties produced 2,500,000 bushels We found, rust in ahnost every field, ti; Hag and stalk being quito covered i rrlany cases, but the ear was well filled an tho grain plump. It is quite evident, howove that it has been a narrow escape for ti farmers. One paddock of about iiinoty acn was being reaped, and tho yield was estimât« at forty bushels per acre ; on the opposi side of the road Avas a crop somewhat bael ward, very light, and very rusty. Altogcthc from what Ave could learn tho aggrcgo yield will not be much short of 186(5-67, t increased area, it is said, being considc/rab From CrcsAvick, Ballarat, I have this-, moi inga letter. Tho Avriter says:-"Ourern ! will be in in about five weeks, and I think we shall have a fair one, but not as much last year." I have also advices from Hamil- ton, "Warrnambool, and Belfast, which speak favourably of the wheat crops.' " It is understood nt Deniliquin that some of the leading members of the Church of England contemplate asking the Bishop of Melbourne to send a clergyman to the town, the Bishop of Goulburn, in whose diocese the district is, having hitherto failed to provide for the spiritual wants of the place. The Kyneton Guardian considers that "tho farmers around Wyndham may well rojoico this season. With crops unusually largo, and the prosi>cct of high prices, they cannot but be in good humour. Many a paddock in that district will yield thirty bushels of oats to the acre, and forty of wheat. The harvest is in full operation on the lower part of tho Werri- bee, at Melton and Bacchus Marsh. The Ballan and Pentland-hills districts, though scarcely more advanced towards harvesting than Kyneton, promise a far moro favourable return to the farmer." The Hay correspondent of the Pastoral Times writes:-"It is well known to our townspeople that a highly respectable member of the legal profession in this town was lately politely handed out of court by the police ser- geant, at the order of the Bench, for obsti- nately interrupting' tho proceedings of the Court. A notice of action, comprising charges of assaulting, beating, and imprisoning for a long space of time, has been served on tho Bench, damages1 being laid at £500." , Mr. Montgomery had a large audience in St. Georgo's-hall last evening, notwith- standing the competing attractions in other places of nmuacmont, and the apology vv'ith which he ' commenced turned out to have been quite unnecessary. What- ever demand upon his vitality the corporation festivities of the previous night might have made, he had vigour enough at the service of his audience to pleaso them all very much by a. spirited and felicitous rendering of the selections in the programme. "TheSeven Ages of Man," tho "Dream of Clarence,'' from " Richard,." the balcony scene from " Romeo and Juliet," and tho passages from "Hamlet," all of which Mr. Montgomery re- cites with such splendid effect, were last night as fresh to the ear and as satisfy- ing to the intellect as when first given, and «the always charming "Bells" per- formance had lost none of its usual effect. "Mary's Ghost," by Hood, bristling with grim puns and comicalities, elicited incessant laughter, so thoroughly well were its many points brought out. To conclude tho even- ing's entertainment thero was an original comic talc, written for Mr. Montgomery, by Mr. Henry Morrell Actori, editor of the Manchester Examiner, which afforded much pleasure and amusement. The tale has not been printed, and we have pleasure in bearing testimony to its own genuine merits, as well as to the highly humorous and effective manner in which it was recited last evening. It is in the Ingoldsby measure, and relates a vciy funny incident which is said to have really occurred in Lancashire not long since. Two county families are at deadly feud, in a genteel way, and matters have proceeded to such extremi- ties between them that they cannot meet, even on the common ground of a mutual friend's drawing-room carpet, without there being great danger of an explosion between the lady heads of the opposing factions. Dur- ing this trying state of affairs, a friend of both houses happens to get married, and when the time arrives for paying con- gratulatory visits, the same day is un- happily chosen for that purpose by the two coujiles at enmity. The one that arrives first on the scene chances to be aecoraimnied by a baby, mid when papa and mamma insist upon being secreted in the china closet, in order to avoid the unpleasant collisiou that would certainly ensue if the two parties of visitors were to meet face to face, the baby is inadvertently left behind in the newly-married lady's lap. The dénouement is sufficiently amusing. The gentleman of the second party of visitors altogether fails to frame for himsolf any theory that will satisfactorily explain tho phenomenon; and in order to escape from an emban-assing situation, ho remarks to his wife, aftcrsomchummingandhawing, "Don't you think, my dear, it's rather early ?" and gctsawny on the false pretence that the visit had been ill-timed. The story is exceedingly well told, and we have plousuro in saying so much on behalf of the author. On Mr. Montgomery's behalf, we repeat that ho read it admirably, and did all that his rare skill could do to recommend the work of his friend to the approval of his audionce. On .Boxing night, the pantomime " Toni, Tom, the Piper's Son" will be produced at the Theatre Royal. The introduction is written by Mr. Akhurst, and from.what we can learn of the pieco it promises to be a success, no pains havingbeen spared by the management to make it effective. The Chnpcl-strcet tolls have been ro-let at £1,505 12s. Gd.-not £505, as reported, Between two and four o'clock on Monday evening, entrance was effected into the ]>re mises of Mr. Thomas Noble, auctioneer, Emerald-hill, and a large field or opera-glnss, valued at £210s. was stolon. Tho annual races established by Mr. Robert Henry, Village Belle Hotel, St. Kilda, will bo held on Boxing Day. Tho entries are Humorous, and inoludo some horses of note. A strong gathering is oxpucted. .Tho superintendent of the Sailors' Home acknowledges receipt of £1 Is. from Captain Largio, 'of the ship Jerusalem, and £1 Is. from Captain Jones, of the ship Superb, as donations towards the funds of that institu- tion.. A boy, named Robert Mullen, aged three years, strayed from his home, Little Errol street, Hotham, on the evening of the 24th inst. Ho is described as follows:-Dressed in a black cloth coat, tweed trousors and vest, speckled hat, and fancy boots. The boy has a cast in his right eye. The collector for the Asylum and School for the Blind begs to acknowledge receipt of tho following sums :-Messrs. Fergusson and Moore. £1 Is. ; Mr. W. Hockin, £1 Is. ; Mr. A. F. White, £1 ; employés of Mr. J. Stirling, £1 Os. Od. ; Messrs. M 'Gregor and Agnew, £1 Is.; Mr. G. S. Brodie, £ii 5s. ;, Messrs. G. Martin and Co., £2 2s.; Prahran Borough Council, £10 ; Mr. Samuel Arness, £10 ; total, £32 10s. (id. Tho yearly examination of tho Jewish Com- mercial Grammar School took place on Monday afternoon. The boys had previously pnssed through a very rigid examination in all the usual branches of a classical and mathematical education. The Rov. M, Rintel, in presence of two or three Hebrew scholars, examined the boys in that language After the examination followed some recita tions, which wero much applauded. Adotnilei report of the entire examination was read b: Mr. Curtis, and the prizes were then dis tributcd to the successful competitors. Dr. Youl held an inquest on the 24th inst on the body of a boy named Louis Jackson aged three years anti1 nine months, who wa accidentally killed, in King-stsoet on th previous day by a dray passing-over, his body Deceased had been sent across .tile street oi au errand by his mother. On,his return h encountered a waggon and a number o cabs coming toward» him. The boy bocam frightened, .jvnd,. losing all pvespnee of minc) bo actually rushed underneath the wagga while it waa in motion. Tho jury roturned verdict of " Accidental Death," and added rider exonerating the driver of the waggoi from all blame in the matter. Dr. Candlur held an inquest at the Me bourne Gaol, on tho 34th inst«, on tho bod of a prisoner named John Henry Fitzpatricl aged sixty-soven years, who died on the pn vious day. Deceased was received into th gaol on tho 20th inst., but was removed I tho hospital in consequence of his debilitate condition. Ho was treated as a patient r covering from the effects of excessive drhil ing, but gradually" continued to sink until ti time of his death. A post-mortem exnmin tion made by Dr. M'Crea showed that deaf resulted from serous apoplexy. A verdi was returned in accordance with the medic evidence. « 