KAPUJSDA PARSER'S CLDB. A meeting of the above Club was held at Crase's Eotel on Saturday evening last. Mr. Peterson occupied the chair, when the following paper on "Our Laiid System" was read by Mr. James Macnamara, the President pf the Club, and has since been luiuded to us for publication: " Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen-I have from time to time heard papers read on 'Model farming, improvements in farming, and how farms can be made to pay,' many of which contained excellent practical suggestions on the subjects. These, together with the teachings of the Press, especially £hose of tie Chronicle and jidvertiser^ if fully carried out, would, I have no doubt, have effected much good. But, gentlemen, the evil is that the papers on which they are given are no sooner read than cast aside, and (at least by many) no more thought about. This should not be so, and I know at the same time that the occupiers of small holdings cannot make that improvement that is to be desired until they become holders on a more extensive scale, and also get the land direct from the Crown, and to do this under the present system is almost impossible. At die land sale he lias not money sufficient to compete with the speculator, but must be content to purchase of him at perhaps 15.s. to 20g. over cost price. In connection with this matter I will, as briefly as I can, tell you what at one time came under xny own observation. On calling at the Land Office one sale day some time ago, I saw all those "Whose names are become as familiar as household-words assembled there before me. I thought before I entered that there would have been a goodly number of farmers in attendance for the purpose of making purchases, but on looking round I saw only one solitary individual of that class, and it so happened that he was an acquaintance of mine. For some time he remained quite passive as to what was going on. At length when the bidding on a lot offered among the other gentleman went up to £100, £105 chimed in my acquaintance. 100 and six, seven, eight, nine, ten, were severally called out by the salesman; £115 again put in my acquaintance; 16, 17, 18,19, 20, were the close keen biddings of the 'members of the fraternity.' £130 was the next anxious bid of the poor man, who, having travelled all the way from near Clare, thought if possible to have those few sections, which were conveniently situated to tlie few he then. held. Vain hope. The gentlemen with whom he had to contend knew a trick worth, two of that. They knew that by frustrating fom then his next visit would be' to the office of the purchaser, when, as I have always said he would have to advance £1 per acre on cost price, exclu sive of what is called ' terms,' which is known sometimes to reach as much as 20 or 30 per cent. Nothing, I believe, conduces BO much to the mating of small holdings, or retards the improve ment or enlargement of our holdings in general, than does this unwise and impolitic system. It prevents the Clare farmer, for instance, from finding a purchaser for his small holding amongst his neighbours. If he, with only his few sections can do no more than contrive to make out a mere subsistence, should resolve on selling out, why the amount'he would realize for the land and the improvements thereon, such as homestead, fencing, stockyard, well, &c.;, would be but little more than what he would have to give to the land agent, or speculator, for as much land denuded of everything in the shape of improvements, besides the inconvenience of being removed to a much greater distance from a market for produce. I have said that on selling off he would have to go to the land agent or speculator for whatever land he could afford to purchase, and I again re peat it. Where else has he to go ? Has not sad experience taught him that he may as well not ' ; make his appearance at the Government land sale ; | a second time ? And now, gentlemen, I ask you j I seriously, can a state of things more sad, more to ' be regretted, exist than that of when a poor man who, by unremitting toil, constant persevering industry, and by the practice of temperate and economic habits, has put by a little capital, cannot put it out to the best advantage in the public sale room of the colony. Surely, gentle men. this is a state of things that ought not much longer to be allowed to exist without trying to apply a remedy. If it is asked how the evil complained of is to be remedied, I would say let the farmers by united co-operation induce the Parliament to pass a measure, empowering or authorising the Government (now that we have one in which the country has confi dence) to survey the land in lots of not less than eighty nor more ? than 640 acres. On either of these or any intermediate number of lots being offered for sale at public auc- j tion, and purchased, let tlie purchaser be en- j titled to have another of equal size adjoining it at' a rent of one shilling per acre per annum during | a lease of seven, ten, or fourteen years, as the case j may be; that he may cultivate or otherwise use ! it as he thinks' fit, but that any improvements : made by him shall be substantial, and given up in . tenantable repair at the expiration of his lease. That the land at the end of his lease shall be put up at auction as a special lot, the lessee being paid for his improvements in the same way as the present squatters are. That he be not allowed to 6ell or let the land he holds on lease, but in the event of the death or insolvency of the lessee the unexpired term of his lease may be disposed of as seems fit to his executors or to his creditors. Also, that he be compelled to reside on his free hold section, and shall put in cultivation an ' eighth part in every year in excess of former years, by which means he will in four years have, at least, one-half of his section, whether large or small, under cultivation, thereby proving him to be a real bona fide farmer. Should the purchaser of a section not take out a lease of his adjoining one, it shall be put up at auction and sold to the highest bidder, subject to the same conditions as if rented by the purchaser of the adjoining sec tion, although, I am sure that not one farmer out of 500 would refuse such a boon. Sections not sold at auction, or having passed the hammer, should not be sold privately as at present, but should be held over until some intending pur- j chaser requested the Government to put them up again to auction, he laying down a deposit of 10 per cent, with his application, and in the event of his being outbid, his deposit to be either refunded or allowed in the purchase of some other section. I would, if possible, guard against these private sales, as I believe them to be very objectionable. I would also say that surveyors should be spe cially instructed to reserve all permanent water, as well as sand and stone for public purposes; for had such reserves been made in the early surveys, the Central Board of Main Roads, buil ders, and the general public would have much benefited. And how, gentlemen, that I have disposed of my little plan for remedying what I believe to be defects in our present land system, I fancy I hear some saying, ' Why not recom mend the Melbourne system, which would give us land on deferred payments?' Those who ask that question should remember how little land was alienated in Victoria (at least for agri cultural purposes) before the passing -of their first .Land Act, on which account vested interests could not suffer much from the introduction of deferred payments. Hot so at present in this Colony, where there is so large a capital invested in land, which would be most injuriously affected by the introduction of a system of deferential or deferred payment. Now, gentlemen, it appears evident that the Victorian system will not do here. It is generally admitted also that our own system is bald. By my humble plan, if it could be judiciously carried out, the objections to both would be obviated. The auction test and the 20s. per acre upset price would still be maintained and the revenue would gain considerably by every acre sold. This will be distinctly seen when it is considered that by this means one-half of the land so arranged for would be sold off; while every six sections of the other, or rented half, would pay into the Treasury more than does the extent of a square mile under the present arrangements, although under Mir Gtoyder's valuations. I fear, gentlemen, you will consider me too prolix in the manner in which I: have laid my views on this important subject before you, it being a kind of work to which I am but little accustomed. Yet I believe the principle to be practically sound, and that legislation in the matter is necessary, and that speedily, so as to remedy the defects of some of our land regu lations. I have been induced, for one day at least, to quit the plough and use the pen for the purpose of thus calling on the farming class to unite peaceably and legally, but at the same time firmly, in demanding a remedy. Let them memo rialize the Parliament as soon as it meets, and call on the representatives of agricultural districts, and others who are known to be favourable to their interest, to support their petition. Failing in this respect they have the next election, and if they do not return men pledged to support their interest, and see that those pledged are duly re deemed, why, then it will be their own fault. And now, gentlemen, thanking you sincerely for the patient hearing you have accorded me, and ex pressing sympathy with many of our class who are in difficulties, as is made known by the reports of the Court of Insolvency, I conclude in nearly the words of the poet ' A noble yeomanry, its country's pride, When once destroyed can never be supplied.'" SUBSTANCE AND SHADOW.-A fellow went to the parish priest and told him, with a''long face, that he had seen a ghost. " When and where ?" said the pastor. " Last night," replied the man, " I was passing by the Church, and up against the wall of it did I behold the spectre !" " In what shape did it appear ?" asked the priest. " It appeared in the shape of a great ass." " Go home and hold your tongue about it," rejoined the pastor, u you are a very timid man, and have been frightened by your own shadow." A HANDKERCHIEF VANISHING WITH A FLASH.-At a recent lecture on gun cotton by Professor Doremus, the lecturer stated that he bad treated a linen hand kerchief with nitric acid, and having thus converted it into gun-linen, Le had sent it to th9 wash with other clothes. The washerwoman washed and dried the hand kerchief without perceiving any difference in its characterj but when she came to iron it, at the .very first touch of the hot iron the handkerchief vanished with a light flash, leaving uo trace behind. 