GOOLWA. [From our own Correspondent.] Goolwa, January 14. On Wednesday last, January 9th, the corner- stone of the Church of the Holy Evangelists, now in course of erection on a piece of ground near Messrs. Barker & Co.'s steam mills, Goolwa, was laid by the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide, in the presence of a large and highly respectable com- pany. The day was beautifully fine, and a refresh- ing breeze continued throughout the day, present- ing a striking contrast to the extreme heat and hot winds which had prevailed several days previous. The proceedings commenced at 11 a.m., when Divine service was held in Messrs. Barker & Co.'s wheat store, kindly lent for the occasion. The congregation was large, and amongst the clergy present were the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide, the Ven. the Archdeacon, Canons Marryat and Russell, the Revs. Garrett, Howitt, and E. T. Howell, of St. Jude's, Port Elliott. Morning prayer was read by the Rev. Mr. Howell; the Arch- deacon read the Litany; special Psalms for the occasion were chanted in a very effective manner by the choir. The Revs. Canon Marryat and F. Garrett read the lessons, and the sermon was preached by the Rev. Canon Russell, from Isaiah 64th chapter, 11th verse. The sermon was a most eloquent and practical exposition of the text, and was listened to throughout with devout atten- tion. Service being concluded, the congre- gation gathered round the foundations of the new churcli, when a form of prayer which had been specially prepared for the occasion was distributed among the people. The service preparatory to laying the stone was conducted by the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide. After reading the 84th Psalm and offering prayer, the Dean, holding the trowel in his right hand, said— " We lay this foundation-stone in faith and hope, to the glory of God, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." The choir then sang the beautiful hymn, beginning "O Lord of Hosts, whose glory fills." the fol- lowing inscription, hermetically sealed in a bottle, was placed beneath the foundation-stone, a copy of which was read by the Rev. E. T. Howell:—"The foundation-stone of this church of the Holy Evan- gelists, Goolwa, was laid on the 9th of January, 1867, by the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide, James Farrell, M. A., in the 30th year of Queen Victoria; Sir Dominick Daly, Knight, being Governor of South Australia; and the Right Rev, Augustus Short, D.D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The architects were Messrs. Wright, Woods, and Hamilton, of Adelaide: and the superintendent of works, Mr. Thomas Jones. The trustees of the land were the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and Messrs. E. Dutton, R. C. Sunman, and William Kay; the incumbent, the Rev. E. T. Howell, M.A.; and the wardens, Mr. Edward Dutton and Thomas Taylor, Esq., J.P." The stone, having been placed in its position, was then declared to be well and duly laid. A short address was then given by the Dean, in which he expressed the great pleasure he ex- perienced in being permitted to attend on such an interesting occasion. The work in which the people were engaged, he said, was a most im- portant one, for it was the work of God; and he truly sympathized with them, and wished them great success. They had begun well, and his hope was that they would persevere, and that energy and liberality would not be wanting to bring the good work to its completion. He deeply regretted the absence of the Bishop, whom he knew would have been delighted to have been present. After a short address of similar import by the Arch- deacon the offertory commenced, when the sum of £9 and a few shillings were laid upon the stone, which amount, added to that previously collected, made the sum of £39 13s. The church is to be erected from a very chaste design by Messrs. Wright, Woods, & Hamilton. When finished the extreme length will be 62 feet, by 26 feet wide. The first tender embraces only the nave portion, which is estimated to cost about £500. At 3 o'clock a select party of about 30, with the clergy from Adelaide, sat down to a substantial luncheon in Barker's store, by Mr. John Varcoe, of the Goolwa Hotel, whose name is a sufficient guarantee for the excellence and abundance of the viands provided on the occasion. The Rev. E. T. Howell presided, and Mr. T. Jones, the Superintendent of the Tramway, acted as vice. On the removal of the cloth the Chairman proposed the usual loyal and patristic toasts, which were given and re- sponded to in a hearty manner. The "Health of the Members of the Building Committee" was proposed by the Dean of Adelaide. Mr. Edward Dutton, one of the Wardens, responded. Mr. John Varcoe then gave an interesting account of various efforts which had been put forth by several members of the Church of England for the pur- pose of building a church at Goolwa, and expressed a hope that the movement which had brought them together would be characterized with greater success than former attempts had been. The Rev. Canon Russell rejoiced to assure the meeting that the sum of £400 had been promised towards the proposed building. Mr. Sydney Hake proposed "The Guests from Adelaide" in a neat speech, in which he regretted the absence of the Lord Bishop, and expressed gratitude for the honour conferred upon them by the visit of the Dean and clergy, who had so kindly come amongst them to show their interest and sympathy in the welfare of the Church at Goolwa. The Dean of Adelaide re- sponded. Canon Russell and several others of the clergy returned thanks. Mr. Hindmarsh proposed "The Health of the Incumbent." The Rev. E. T. Howell responded in suitable terms, and gave the Goolwa people full credit for the energy and perseverance they had evinced in originating and carrying out the movement to its present issue. The Vice-Chairman's health having been drunk and responded to the meeting dispersed. In the evening a lecture was given in the same place by the Rev. Canon Marryat, and a concert of vocal and instrumental music by lady and gentle- man amateurs resident in the neighbourhood. It is estimated that no less than 200 persons were present. The Rev. E. T. Howell presided. The subject of the lecture, which has already been fully reported in your columns, was " Reminis- cences of a late visit to England." The lecturer gave a pleasing and graphic description of the Great Exhibition, the formation and steady pro- gress of schools of design in various parts of the old country, the ingenuity, and taste displayed in the invention of machinery and other valuable appliances, and concluded his very able lecture by contrasting the present state of the colonies with that of England, and indulged the hope that the colonies were progressing towards a glorious des- tiny in the future. The concert consisted of two parts. The programme embraced 14 pieces of popular music. Several duets on the pianoforte were most admirably rendered. and the various pieces were all gone through in such a pleasing manner as to reflect the highest credit upon all concerned. The whole affair was a great success. The proceeds of the concert amounted to £10, which is to be given to the Church Building Fund. At the close a vote of thanks was given to Mr. Barker for his kindness in placing his store at the disposal of the Committee, and a vote of thanks to the Chairman, after which "God save the Queen" was sung, and the meeting closed. 