THEATRE ROYAL. MR. WALTER MONTGOMERY AS HAMLET. Mr. Walter Montgomery, whose fame has long preceded him in these colonies, made his first appearance on the Australian stage on Saturday night, in "Hamlet." Despite the deluge of rain which had prevailed for some time before the hour of performance, the house presented that wedged appearance which always indicates some unusually special attraction and it may safely be said, without any approach to exaggera- tion, that the performance itself furnished an ampler justification for such a throng than has been the case on almost any previous occasion in this city. For Mr. Montgomery's acting is so new, so fresh, so pre-eminently natural, so remarkably free from that forced unreality of what is commonly understood as the traditional style, that it occasions in the mind a curious blending of surprise and delight. The surprise indeed is so considerable that it almost anticipates the feeling of gratification, but the momentary astonishment past, wherein the spectator is, in a manner, confounded by the strong contrast such acting presents to all that he has been so long accustomed to, a most pleasurable feeling of satisfaction follows, and instinctively the inquiry presents itself as to how anything different from all this could so long have been tolerated. For without going into the question of schools, or sects, or styles of acting, For attempting any sort of classification of Mr. Montgomery's method, though such a question is both interesting and proper I to be determined, -the very simple truth forces itself upon the attention that he has chosen to use his intelligence and his common sense where others have yielded a blind obedience to unreasoning prescription. He has taken Shakspeare in hand with an honest desire to read and to expound his, unprepossessing and unprejudiced, either by the dogmatic teaching of critics or the bad and dubious example of generations of actors. The first line he uttered conveyed the assurance of his being about to deal with the character of Hamlet after a fashion entirely new to the majority of those who heard it and it soon became obvious that this line was the key-note of the whole. It is not too much to say that the visit of Mr. Montgomery to Victoria is to be looked upon as an eventful epoch in its dramatic history for an actor with such a rare and exquisite perception of the meaning of the world's poet, and with such singularly effective qualifications for giving to these their "form and pressure," must inevitably take that conspicuous position which insures a host of followers. The true and real drama, as distinguished from that which 13 false and I specious, will surely be able to hold its own, with an enduring tenacity, when its supporters are led on by so excellent an advocate and the many social advantages which spring from the encouragement of this re- fining influence must progress accordingly. Hence the enthusiastic recognition which met Mr. Montgomery's efforts on Saturday night may be taken as an indirect expression of public satisfaction that the poetic instinct is likely, for a time at least, to regain its ascendancy. There is this remarkably exceptional merit about Mr. Montgomery's acting -that it fascinates the uncultured mind no less than that which has closely occupied itself with analytical investigations of Shaksperian character. And it thus commends itself, as deserving of that kind of admiration which is always evoked whenever works of true art are presented. It requires no knowledge of Shakspeare, and none of dramatic art, to understand Mr. Montgomery ; but at the same time, to the Shaks- perian student, and to him who can com- prehend the wonderful skill necessary to the perfect interpretation of a truly poetic drama, his acting is delightful by its exact conformity to the conditions necessary to give effect to dramatic creations. To the latter class of theatre-goers the witnessing of Hamlet is often more or less of a compromise between their own convictions and the obstinacy or ignorance of the actor; but in Mr. Montgomery's case it is possible to derive that high kind of enjoyment which arises from the blending of pleasures experienced and anticipated, for as the play progresses, and as new light is thrown upon the various situations and passages, you look forward to succeeding ones with a hopeful expectation of their presenting equally interesting departures from those readings which have been rather tolerated than enjoyed. But Mr. Montgomery is, nevertheless, quite the reverse of a mere innovator. A capricious fancy can readily enough contrive all sorts of new readings. A new reading, it need hardly be remarked, is not necessarily an improved reading, and it is just here that a careful judgment is indispensable, as the accompani- ment of the most cultivated intelligence. But it is only the barest truth to say that Mr Montgomery's departures from ordinarily-received modes of interpretation appear to clear up whatever obscurity might previously have attached to them, and you almost wonder why so obvious an improvement never before suggested itself. The scene with Ophelia, for instance, affords a very notable example of the mode in which Mr. Montgomery avails himself of perfectly legitimate means of developing a meaning not patent to common observation. He exhibits Hamlet as yielding to his great love for Ophelia, and ardently desiring to tell her that in no respect have his feelings changed towards her but, before doing so, he wishes to be quite sure that she is not in league with those who he is aware are watching him from behind the arras. Hence, having cautiously satisfied himself that the King and Polonius are beyond hearing, he pro- pounds the question, "Where's your father?" and the answer At home, my lord," satis- , fying him that she is unworthy of his love, his manner takes that form of harshness which has perplexed so many commentators, among the number. Johnson, who, it will be remembered, says, "He plays the madman most when he treats Ophelia with so much rudeness, which seems to be useless and wanton cruelty." If Dr. Johnson could have seen Mr. Montgomery on Saturday night, he would have found reason, though his constitutional obstinacy might not have permitted him to admit it, to change his opinion in this matter at least. In the conditions of personal fitness for the representation of such a character as Hamlet, Mr. Montgomery is wonderfully well supplied. His figure is light and graceful, and his face full of intelligence and thought. His power in facial expression is marked not by those muscular spasms which by some persons are regarded as essential to physiognomical effect, but follows exactly the purport of the words he utters. His gait and attitudes are in like manner altogether free from the stage mannerisms of movement, and his gestures perfectly exemplify Hamlet's advice to the players. He speaks and deposits himself, in short, Uko an educated gentleman, of studious habits and melancholy tendencies and he neither stalks and gesticulate, nor whites as if every word were a painful polysyllabic effort. His conception of the character is that which is at once the most simple and most probable that, in fact, which Hamlet himself supplies in explanation of his conduct, namely, that he only assumes madness for a special purpose. There are, it is unnecessary to say, many theories which suggest a different conclusion as to the psychological peculiarities of this marvellous creation, but though they are all ingenious, they are most of them rather perplexing than explanatory of its nature, and the view, therefore, taken by Mr. Montgomery is the one which the mass of argument most chiefly favours, and which certainly offers the greatest opportunity for an intelligible interpretation of the language. It would be impossible to enumerate in one brief notice all the instances in which Mr. Montgomery practically exemplified the success of the principlewhichmanifestlyguides him in his mode of presenting a Shaksperian character. These are apparent at every stage of the play, in the most trivial as in the most important parts. The appropriateness of action, or of emphasis, shows itself so conspicuously as almost involuntarily to convince those who witnessed it that such action or emphasis is precisely the most accurate thing to be done or said under the circumstances. For instance, where Hamlet greets Horatio and Marcellus, he does it, not in the King Cambyses vein commonly adopted, but just as a gentleman encounter- ing his friends after a long absence might be expected to greet them. Again, in the "Take him for all in all " speech, the sudden accession of affectionate emotion which the recollection of his father brings about is extremely touching, and it excites this feeling the more because it is not in the slightest particular overdone or exaggerated. When, in listen- ing to the account of the apparition, he utters the ejaculation, 'Tis very strange," he does it parenthetically, and with an abstracted expression, as if the words rather escaped from him mechanically than as a response to his friend's communication; and when he follows it up with the declaration, " I'll watch to-night," you feel that such a resolution is the most obviously consequent result of his mental communings, and you instinctively share his impatience afterwards as he ex- claims, "Would the night were come." In his response to the ghost's invita- tion, he does not, as is commonly done, follow close upon the steps of the apparition, but pauses a few seconds after the exit of the ghost, as if so totally overcome with awe that it would be presump- tion to approach too near. In the interview with the ghost, his impatience to be put in possession of the information, at first only darkly hinted at is well conveyed by the rapidity with which he delivers the passage beginning, "Haste me to know it," and he gives a different expression to the line, " Oh, my prophetic soul ! My uncle !" by pronouncing it interrogatively-a reading which the responsive character of the line succeeding quite justifies. It would be difficult to describe the expression of bewilder- ment and horror which he manifests on the disappearance of the ghost; he remains kneeling for some time as if utterly prostrated by the supernatural communication to which he has just listened. These are only some of the many instances in which Mr. Montgomery displays the extraordinary power of which he is possessed in giving a strikingly suitable meaning to the situa- tions or passages. It is not in parts only that this determination to interpret accurately and closely shows itself ; it is displayed all through the performance to the last terrible scene, and as he dies he gazes intently into vacancy, suggesting that the spirit of his father is again present to his vision. In truth, it would require an essay, rather than a necessarily limited notice such as this, to do full justice to Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet. It is a performance which will take rank as one of the highest examples of histrionic art ever witnessed in this colony, and it is one the great merit of which the people of Victoria will do well by their presence to recognise and approve. Mr. Montgomery was called before the curtain at the end of nearly every act, and at the conclusion, amid a tumult of applause, he came forward and delivered one of the most felicitous speeches of the kind that we have over listened to. It was a little drama in itself, and both amused and delighted the audience. The rest of the cast was in the main familiar to most of those present. Mr. Vincent's King is, as everybody knows, dignified and impressive; Mrs Vincent's Queen is graceful and earnest ; Mr. Lambert's Polonius, it is superfluous to say, is racy and venerable, without being either grotesque or ridiculous ; Mr. Harwood's Ghost, if not perfect, is use- fully effective and the Gravedigger of Mr. Stewart shows a careful attention to the legitimate necessities of the scene. The Ophelia of Miss Docy Stewart is, perhaps, the most novel element in the cast, and considering the special requirements of the part, and the small opportunity she has had for the practical study of Shaksperian heroines, she acquitted herself very commendably ; though when next she plays this part, it will be well for her not to adopt a costume for her first dress which, however pretty and engaging it may render her, is far too modern to be at all appropriate. No special preparation had been made in the way of scenery, but the second " platform " scene is to be commended as most picturesquely and artistically arranged. 