TOWN AND COUNTRY. Dbpavltvb J! or the Ehk..— The harbour of Port Jack eon hae seldom seen a prettier eight than that which was exhibited when H.M.S. £ek took her departure on the 19th InBtant, from the smooth waters of Farm Cove on her home ward voyage. For some time previous to the hour appointed the deckn of the ship were crowded with friends from the shore and brother officers from the other ships of war, ana there was a large display of that open-hearted joyous friend* ship which seems to be the peculiar characteristic of those whose business is on the great waters. At half-past 10 tbe EBk tripped her anchor, and as the screw began to move her yards and masts became suddenly thronged with men, with a sailor on each truck and ou each vard-arm, with floes of all colours, and the farewell signal at tbe main royal-mastbead, As the ship moved slowly up to ths star board quarter of II, M S. Challenger, three hearty obeers from each ship rent the air, while the waving of the D ig) produced a moBt effecting and effective display. This singular custom also was observed, tbo man at the main truck threw a live cock into the air, which fluttered from tbe diazy height till it fell into the water, when a boat from the Challenger dashed up and picked the bird up to bo re * served for similar distinction on some future occasion. The £sk passed next across the port bow of H.M.S. Charybdis, when equally hearty cheers were exchanged, ensigns dipped, and all tho vociferous expressions of farewell indulged in, amidst waving of white handkerchiefs from the shore and from the numerous shore boats by which the ship was surrounded. On rounding the Charybdis the Bsk's head was turned down the harbour, and as she steamed ?lowly past the Italian frigate Magenta the same farewell civilities were exchanged, and these being ended, and the crowd of boats dropping off, away the good ship went, a long parting look at tbe shores they left behind them being all lfaat both officers and men could then indulge in. The Italian Shif Magenta. — The effieere of his Italian Majesty's ship Magenta, now lying in the harbour of Fort Jackson, on Monday enjoyed themselves in a pleasant excursion along the Western line. A special train on Mon day morning, at an early hour, took the party up to Penrith,' whence (in pursuance of arrangements by the ?ontractora, Messrs Larkin and Wakefurd) tbe orcur eionists were furnished with conveyances from the railway terminus to the river, and from the Nepean to the top of the Zigzag. The Minister for Public Works and Mr. Whittou acoompanied the party, which returned to Sydney the same evening. Tiie Wf.atheh.— Wet weather has fairly set in again ; since Tneeday morning it has rained incessantly. On Wednesday the rain poured down in torrents, com pletely flooding the streets ia some parts of the city; nor, up to a late hour this morning, was there any appearance of a cessation. Wednesday and Thursday were tbe gloomiest and most uncomfortable days experienced this season, and business in the city wu in a great measure suspended. Nor is this unfavourable weather confined to the city : according to telegraphic re ports, it is raining in all parts of the colony ; and it is already reported that the Araluen district is again flooded. This ia the eecond timo within the present month that this district bae been subject to the same visitation. Temperance Alliance. — A meeting of the subscribing members of the New South Wales Alliance for the Sup pression of Intemperance was held an Wednesday in tne committee- room connected with tbe Temperance Hall, for the purpose of electing a trustee in room of a gentleman lately retired. Mr. John Davies was elected almost unanimously. Subsequently, the usual weekly meeting in connection with the Alliance was held in the same place, but, owing to the very unfavourable etate of the weather, but few persons attended. Tbe chair was occupied by Mr. John Osborne, and the temperance cause was ably advocated by Messrs. J. Carruthers, J. Davies, and — Adelaide, who delivered eome interesting addresses. Itin.E Shooting. — No. I Company 8.B.V.R.— The members of No. 1 Company Sydney Battalion Volunteer Bides, met at the rifle butts, on the 15th inBtant, to shoot for prizes given by Mr. F. P, Walker. The competition was confined to the second and third classes only, and the prizes for each class were — 1st, £1 6s. ; 2nd. 15i. ; 3rd, 10b. ; the fourthand fifth men in each class to receive each 100 rouuds of ammunition. The following are the names of the winners — SECOND CLASS. THIHD CLASS. Prize. Points. Prize. Points. 1\. Private G. Faitbfull ? 89 1. Sergeant Anderson ? 81 2\. Private Houison ? 33 2. Private Chatfield ? 31 3\. Private S. Freeman ? 29 3. Private Lacey ? 32 4\. Private Allison ? 2? 4. Private Vaughan ? 22 ®. Private Griffiths ? 26 6. Private Allan ? 17 Curious Febn — A strange variety of the fern, called Zomaria discolor* has lately been found at the Fox Ground, sear Lane Cove, by Mr. Parcel, gardener to J. K. Young, Esq. Whilst having tbe general appearanoe of the species (the fronds being somewhat paler beneath, but the rachis considerably darker than on the upper surface), the fern S resents the anomaly of being pinna tipartito half- way own tbe primary segments. Some of the fronds are between two and three feet in length, and the segments four or 'five inches long. It seems that Dr. F. Mueller found a bipinnatifid variety of the same species at the souroe of the Bnnyip Creek, and Mr. David Boyle collected spe cimens on tne Dandenong Mountains which were both pinnatifid and pinnatipartite ; whilst Mr. 6. F. Chaimberlin noticed very lately a similar variety in the vicinity of Ballarat. Mr. Parcel's discovery Is interesting, as it differs from the preceding in having the segments of the fronds only partially pinnatipartite, one half of the segment being perfectly simple. Water Bate Appeals. — A meeting of residents in Macquarie Ward was held on Tuesday evening, in Kelly's Emu Inn, George- street, for the purpose of receiving the explanation of Aldermen Chapman and Macintosh in refer ence to the action of the Corporation respecting the water rates. There was a very small attendance, and the chair was taken shortly after 8 o'clock by Mr. Mackenzie. The proceedings were chiefly of a conversational character, and Alderman Macintosh explained that the Corporation had no power to do anything more than simply carry out the termB of the Act. The Act said that the special rate should be levied according to mutual arrangements with the parties concerned, and also that valuators should be appointed and duly sworn, in a prescribed formula, to assess the water rates. These rates oould be recovered in the same way as the city rate if the parties assessed failed to pay. Owners of property along the frontage to which any water main was laid flown had to pay water rates, although they did not use the water, but owners of sugar works and factories coold make apeoial arrangements for the supply of water and payment of rates therefor. Mr. Molloy sug gested that this did not apply to private nouses but to factories only. Mr. Macintosh said that it applied to any bouse where an unusual supply cf water was required. Mr Molloy said a private house did not require an un usual supply. Mr. Macintosh said that then it would bB assessed. The Council had, no doubt, committed an error in issuing the laBt water rate. It had been done without authority. The surveyors had, most likely, done their work improperly. They were persons appointed b? the late Mayor, Mr. Sutton, without the sanction of the Counoil. The special rate for watercloseta was charged whether the water was nsed in them or not. The Chair man said that bis house contained eleven rooms, and that be was charged additional rates to the amount of 30s. Mr. Macintosh said that the 30s. was the special rate for the closet. He himself paid rates for nine teen rooms, and was charged £2 10s» for the closet. The charge for the closets was proportioned to the number of rooms in the houses to which they were attached. He said, the aldermen present could give no farther informa tion or remedy the grievances complained of in any way. They were not the fault of the aldermen who were prac tical men but sot lawyers, and who were necessarily com pelled to trust themselves to the guidance of their officers. Alderman Chapman expressed bis concurrence in the state ments of Alderman Macintosh, and admitted that the special rates, as levied, were illegal and could not be recovered. A mistake had been made, but next year the assessments would be made in a proper way. After eome further conversation the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The Sydnev Common. — The report from the select committee on tbe 6ydney Common Improvement Bill has now been printed, together with minutes of evidence and a plan showing the Victoria Barracks, the proposed now road, tbe water reserve, and tbe oommon of 490 acres, exclusive of lands alienated. This plan is inserted as an appendix to tbe evidence of Mr. Bell, City Engineer. Some of our readers will remember that it was proposed to sell a small portion of tbe ground and apply the prooeeds to level and lay out 260 acres for the purpose of recreation . Satubday Half-Holiday Association.— The eclat with which the association's soiree and concert were brought off on Tuesday would justify an inference that its attractions were beyond prejudice from weather of any kind. The Temperance Hall, notwithstanding the miserable state Of the city thoroughfares and tbe continuous rainfall, was , crowded with a veiy respectable audience, who by repeated plaudits unmistakably evincsd the gratification afforded by the entertainment. As many as two hundred and fifty partook of a well served repast of tea, with an abun dant and varied supply of the usual substantial ooBoomitants. Before the party rose from table, Mr. M, H. Stephen addressed a few appropriate remarks to the company on tbe benefits to be derived from the movement with which the soiree was connected ; and as a vioepresi dent of the association he took the' chair at the entertain ment which followed. The first portion of the programme embraced a gnat variety ef popular music, the amateur executants being all members of the association ; and with regard to most of tho items, it is not too much to say (bat the singers acquitted themselves with great credit, several of them displaying exoellent voices and no mean ability in the art of vooal musio. The seoond part of the programme consisted of an amateur Ethiopian enter tainment, for which eome of the choicest melodies and buffo songs were culled from the repertoires - of the various Minstrel bands who have visited 'our cUy, the Intervals being devoted to the usual mirth-exciting extrava ganoes and hnmorous colloquies of the oomer men, The pianoforte accompaniments were played by Mr. G. F. Btaomont, with much taste and judgment. The friends of tbe movement oould not fail to be delighted with a reunion that afforded not only an opportunity for pleasant social Intercourse, but combined tbe charms of good muslo with so much fun and humour. Accident. — The Raymond Terrace correspondent of the M aitiar.d Ensign writes tbat on Thursday, the 13tb in Btant, an aooident happened to one of Mr. w. Windeyer's ehephords. It seems that the man was riding a horse, and when oppesite the Raoehorse Inn he was thrown violently to the ground. On assistance being rendered, ft was found tbat tho man could not stand. Dr, Street was immediately i in attendance, and found the man's faoe muoh out, aa also an it jury to tbe spine, causing paralysis of the lower ex- i tremlties. Tiie Hon. John Hat. — We are sorry, says the Pastoral Timet ot the 16th, to see that Mr. Hay has been politically shelved, and tbat tbe Sydney Assembly has been deprived of bis abilities where his example alone did suon good eervice. We would have preferred seeing the hon. gentle men in high and active office under the Government— the pastoral cause has lost its most consistent and most able advocate in the Assembly. Taking Mr. Hay 'all in all,' it will be a long lime ere we have his equal as a repre sentative of tbe squatting pioneer class. He bad ail the fortittr in re necessary for a conservative leader, and was willing to yield to progress without making a virtue of so do ing. It may savour of adulation to say that be was too good a man for the Lower House, too respectable in all the rela tions of life to be the confrere of a considerable proportion of ihote who have lowered the tone of our guisi popular Assembly. To any unprejudiced person who has watched the progress of political events in New South Wales for the lost tin years, the remaiks we now make may appear intel ligible. The morale of tbe Assembly is not improving, neither is the Assembly intellectually advancing. We have hardly discovered the best mode of laying the foundation for a yocvg empire, and the Imperial youth who in about to visit us (should be look into some of our Australian Legis ? lative Assemblies and be unexpected there) will not mistake one of the latter for a reflex of the House of Commons. Tub Hon. Me. Byrnes in Newcastle. — The Hon. James Byrnes, Minister for Public Works, has just paid another flying visit to the Hunter River district. The honorable gentleman's stay at Newcastle, this time, was very short, and was not at all of an official character ; but be found time, nevertheless, to havealook at the dredge, the proposed site for tbe new lifeboat abed, and the barracks, which ere now being converted into a juvenile reformatory. Anent the matter of the dredge, Mr. Byrnes informed the harbour authorities that tbe seoond dredge (Hunter) i weuld be down Immediately, and at once commence wort in tbe Horseshoe, where its services are so much required The one we have now, and which has been employed for some weeks pact near Nob. 6 and 7 cranes, is also to be re- 1 moved to the Horseshoe directly the work alongside the wharf is completed. While on the wharf looking at the dredge, advantage was taken of the Minister's presence to direct bis attention to the proposed Bite for tbe new lifeboat shed, on the eastern side of the Government boat harbour. The urgent necessity for at once reclaiming sufficient ground, by means of ballast deposits, to build a shed aud slip, was pointed out to Mr. Byrnes by Captain Allan, in his capacity as a member of the Lifeboat Committee. Mr. Moriarty (who accompanied the Minister) expressed him self as decidedly averse to any such arrangement being entered into with the ballast contractor for tbe breakwater, arguing that, to do bo, would involve a misappropriation of the public funds, and that the work could not be done with out a separate vote of Parliament. — Chronicle, 1 une 15. Koman Catholic Chubch, Kent -street. — On Tues day evening the postponed meeting of members of the Roman Catholic communion, which was to have taken Slace a fortnight ago, was held in the temporary church in Lent street South, the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe I in the chair. There was a very numerous attendance, not withstanding the extremely inclement state of the weather. The rev. chairman introduced the subject for their consider ation — the building of a humble but substantial church on tbat spot. They had had a plan prepared by Mr. Munro for . a commodious building, which might serve them for the double purpose of a schoolhouse and local church. Mr. Earlo, the honorary secretary, was then called upon to read the report, from whioh it appeared that the Rev. J. Fitz patrick (the priest in charge of the district) had theught it necessary that steps should be taken to raise sufficient Tuuds to put the schoolroom into proper repair, so as to make it more suitable for a place of worship, until a more commo dious building might be erected. For this purpose a move ment bad been originated by him on the 3rd of March last, the result of which (ap to that present time) had been that upwards of £128 had gradually been raised. It was a source of great gratification to those who were interested in the movement to know that, since the commencement of lbe services of the Rev. J. Fitzpatriek in that district— and in that street in particular — the character of the district had undergone a considerable change for the better. The Sun day morning's fighting, drunkenness, and blaspheming had nearly disappeared ; and even those who were not members of the Roman Catholio communion now paid that respect to the priest, to his congregation, and to themselves, which was a sore result wherever a Catholic Church was established. Mr. Robert Forster then proposed, and Mr. Alderman Caraher seconded, the following resolution : — ' That, eeeing the great neoessity for a church in this dis tiiot, this meeting pledges itself to use every reasonable exertion to erect the same,' The resolution, whioh was ably supported by both the mover and seconder, was carried unanimously. The second resolution was then moved by Mr. Barlow, in an animated and appropriate speech. The resolution was as follows : — ' That, in order to expedite the building of the church, a subscription list be opened this evening, and tbe Catholics in the district be requested to send in their names to the committee with a promise to pay something weekly until the church is completed ' Mr. Mullens seoonded the resolution, and sup ported it with a few earnest and appropriate remarks, after which the resolution was put and carried as before. A sub scription was then commenced and ea tared into with so much liberality that more than £76 was soon collected, up wards of £11 of which was actually paid over to the Secre tary before the close of the proceedings. A large propor tion of those who subscribed also put down their names as weekly or monthly subscribera, until the completion of the church. It was also proposed and adopted that the two gentlemen representing Brisbane Ward in the Muni cipal Council should be respcetfolly waited upon and re quested to aid in tbe good wort. The result of tbe pro ceedings were productive of much gratification to the pastor of tbe parochial district, and of the residents. The district is, for the most part, a very poor one, but the people con tributed liberally, and were freely aided by members of their communion who attended from other parts of the city. The Road fbom Shoalhaven to Mauclan.— A return to an order of the Legislative Assembly, on the motion of Mr. Garrett, has just been printed at (he Government office. It contains copies of correspondence and other documents relating to the opening of the road from Shoalhaven to Marulan, and especially with refer ence to that portion of tbe road passing through the Cowra estate on the Aigyle table land. There are eight letters between Mr. Favieil, the Surveyor-General, Mr. Garrett, Mr. Twypiann, and the Under-Seoretary for Lands, and also a petition from the inhabitants of Shoal haven. The facta of this correspondence have been several times dismissed in the Legislative Assembly. On the one side it is asserted tbat the opening of tbe road would lead to the settlement of a large extent of Crown land ; tbat tbe Kangaroo River and Valley are thronged witb selectors whose only outlet is to Marulan via Rowland's surveyed road through the Cowra estate. The proprietor of the Cowra estate, however it is said, had sold the right of road to a railway contractor, who insists upon its exclusive use, and secures a montpoly of the timber between Cowra and the Kangaroo River. To the various representations made the Government replied at different times that tbe road would be of no public benefit ; that it would involve an expenditure of £'270 for fenolng, and its opening conld not be recommended unless this cost were borne by the parties interested. A final letter, written by the Surveyor-General, under date 18th April, 18G6, contains the following : 'In the present state of the law it is not intended to recommeid the opening of the road from Marulan to Shoalhaven through the Cowra estate, but it is confidently hoped that the Road Act will be amended early in tbe next session.' New Roman Catholic Church, St. Leonards.— On Tuesday morning the foundation-stone of a new Roman Catholic Church, under the title of St. Mary Star of the Sea, was laid by the Very Rev. Vicar-General, S. J. A. Sheehy, at St. Leonards. Notwithstanding the very un favourable etate of tbe weather, a large number of persons assembled to witness tbe ceremony. The site on whioh the church )B to be built is near tbe junction of Milson's Point Road with Middle Harbour Road, and close to the temporary building at present used as a church. The building will occupy an elevated position to the north east of the township, and, when finished, will command an extensive view of the harbour and surrounding scenery. The ohurch is to be built of freestone, in the Early English style of architecture ; and although Bamewhat plain, will nevertheless be a handsome and commodious structure. When practicable, it is intended to erect a spire over the front portion of tbe building, which, when completed, will be seen for many miles around. The building (inoludlng the cbanoel) is to be one hundred feet in length, by thirty- two feet in width; and will be constructed with a due regard to effiolent ventilation. The churcb will afford ample accommodation -for about 430 persons, Mr. William Munro is the architect, and Mr. Broadfoot tbe contractor. Tbe coBt of the building will be between £1000 and £1100. The Vicar-General, in perform ing tbe cere&ony; of laying the stone, was assisted by the Venerable Arohdeacon M'Knoroe, tbe Revs. J, Kenyon, P. Newman, Fitsjiateiok, O'Fanel), and Bersanti. The company having assembled around the stone, the clergy chanted the 83rd Psalm, after which the Vicar-General pre-' oeeded to bleBB the stone by sprinkling it with holy water,' and, with a silver trowel, marking each part of it witb the sign of tbe cross, the prescribedprayere and ohants being read and sung by the clergy. The cempany, on acoount of the rain, then retired into the temporary ohurch close by, when'tbe litanies of the Saints were repeated : they again left the church, and, after the 126th Psalm had been Sauted, tbe Vicar-General proceeded to lay the Btone in the name of the Father, and of tbe Son, and of the Holy Ghost. In tbe cavity of tbe stone was placed a bottle con-, taining a few coins and a parchment on which was written tbe name of the church, the date of laying the foundation stene, the names of tbe Very Rer. Vicar-General, and the architect, fro,, in Latin. When the stone bad been ad justed in its place, it was sprinkled with holy water, the clergy chanting the 50th Psalm, The clergy then formed into procession, and, headed by the Vioar-General, walked Iround tbebullding, repeating, as they preoeedod, the antipbon, 'O quam metuenans est locusj and also the 86th psalm. Prayer having been said, the company again entered the church, when tbe Rev. P. Newman _ preaohed a sermon, taking for bis text the 26th and following verses of tbe 1st chapter of St. Luke's gospel. The rev. gentle man then, in a very eloquent discourse, expounded and defended some of tbe leading principles of the Roman Catholio faith. A handsome sum was collected at tbe con clusion of-the proceedings. Maitlano.— The £ntign of Wednesday says:— The weather has undergone a variation this week. On Sunday afternoon there were indications of a disruption of the genial atmosphere lately prevailing, and in the evening a heavy dipo, surrounding a watery moon, gave further tokens of a change. Monday come in thickly foggy, and the day turned out very gloomy. In tbe evening the clouds broke, and rain descended in intermittent showers, which have con tinned ever since. Camden Colleqe School. — Tbe distribution of [rites to tbe most diligent and successful scholars in Canien College School during tho past ^balf year, took pl&to; on the 14th iDstant, prior to the commencement of the mid-winter vacation. The gallery was filled by friends and parents of the boys, aa were alss many seats ia the body of tbe spacious schoolroom. In addition to the reverend Principal, tbe masters, and the students for the ministry who are being trained in Camden College, there were present tbe Rev. John West, chairman of the College Council, the Rev. J. G Fraser M.A , Mr. J. Thompson, Mr. 6 Thompson, Mr. Nptt, Mr. Edwards, and several other gentlemen. Tbe majority of visitors, however, were ladies. The cbairwae occupied bv the Rev. John West. The Rev. 8. C. Kent opened the proceedings with prayer. The tutorial chief, Mr. Mackintosh, M.A.., read the honour list, afier which prizes, consittisg of handsome and useful bmks. were presented to the successful comoetiters. namely : BirfT (secutdus). Parsons (secundus), AlforJ, Walters. Moli neaux, Fairfax, Crummelin, Roberts (secundtu), Morrice, Muriel, C. Row, Payten, Hill, Solomon, W. Thompson, Kent, Edwards, and Watson, The recipients were warmly applauded on returning with their prizes. Balmain New Phesisyteuian Church —On Tues day last, at noon, the foundation-stone of a new Presby terian church at Balmain, under tbe pastorate of the Rev. Thomas A. Gordon, was lal£ by Mr. 19 . 1). Slenhouse, in the presence --f a large number of the congregation and other friends. For some time past the pastor and congre gation felt tbe necessity ef prsviding accommodation for the increasing attendance, and a few months ego they resolved to erect a new church on a site which was pre fcntid to them by a member of their body. A plan was prepared by Mr. James M'Donald, architect, and unani mously approved of, and steps were at once taken to oirry out the design. The proceedings of Tuesday commenced with singing tbe Hundredth Psalm, after which a portion of Scripture was read by tbe Rev. Mr. Johnston (late of the Braidwood district), and prayer was offered by the Rev. John M'Gibbon, B A. The Rev. Mr. Gordon then read the record which was to be deposited in the cavity of the stone. A mallet and trowel having been presented to Mr. Stenhouse, he proceeded to lay the stone ' as the foundation-stone of the building to be erected for the worship of tbe Triune- Jehovah.' Prayer was then offered by tbe Rev. J. G. Fraeer, M.A., after which tbe Rev, Mr. Gordon addressed the assembly. Tbe proceedings were brought to a close by singing a portion of tbe 122nd Psalm and tbe pronouncing of tbe benediction. Considerable progress has already been made in the construction of the church — the basemeat story, which is to be used for school purposes, being already completed. The Church, which is to be in tbe Gothic style of architecture, with a triple roof, tower, and spire, will be seated to accommodate 550 worshippers, and is so designed that a gallery can he erected when required. The building will be 79 feet by 17 Tbe contractors for the entire work are Messrs. Burt and Scholia, of Balmain, the cost of which amounts to £2600, and it is expected the cburch will be opened for public worship about the end of the present year. — On the evening of the same day the ninth anniversary oi the congregation was celebrated by a tea and public meeting in the Odd ftllows' Ha 1, which was numerously attended, notwith standing the inclemency of the night. After an excellent tea, ihe company formed themselves into a public meeting, and listened with marked pleasure to addresses delivered by their pastor, and the Bev. Dr. Steel, Rev. Mr. Fraser, Rev. Mr. Donald, and the Rev. Mr. Johnston, as well as to several appropriate anthems sung by tbe choir of the church. SuiiEi- Hillb Wesleyan Sunday School — In com memoration of the 31st anniversary of tbe Surry Hills Wesley an Sunday School, a tea meeting was on Monday held in the schoolrooms, Botany- street, and followed by a public meeting in the Wesleyan church, Bourke- street. The Rev. H. H. Gaud, President of the Wesleyan Con ference, occupied tbe chair, and in his opening address spoke of the importance and value of the Sunday School institution te both (he Church and the world, congratu lated the teachers of the Surry Hills school on their suc cessful progress, and encouraged them to perseverance in their philanthropic labour. The secretary read the report, from which it appeared that since tbe establishment of this school nearly 4000 children have been entered upon its books ; that tbe number of children on tbe books during tbe year past has ranged from 427 to 448, and the average attendance to 357, or to a little over five-sixths of the whole ; that the teaching staff (including superintendents, secretaries, librarians, and absentee visitors) numbers thirty-four, with an average attendance of twenty-eight. Mr. Bridges, tbe treasurer, read bis financial statement^ which showed a balance in band after the defrayal of the year's expenses. There is in connection with this school a well-selected library of over one thousand volumes, witb a weekly issue of sixty-five volumes. A juvenile mission siy society has been instituted, into which about fifty have entered their names as collectors. The meeting was addressed (no resolutions entered into the programme) by the Rev Messrs. RbbBon, Minns, Holmes, and Curnow, and by Mr. Cowlishaw. A vote of thanks was accorded to the chair man, by acclamation, and tbe meeting was closed by 10 o'clock, by a doxology and tbe benediction. Literart and Musical Entertainment.— On Monday an entertainment ofa literary and musical character wbb given in St. Barnabas Schoolroom, in aid of the funds of the Band of Hope Society in connection with the churcb. The entertainment was an eminently successful one in every pointof view, and « ill no doubt be the means of con siderably augmenting the funds of the society for whioh it was originated. Stamps on Deeds fok the Transfer of Runs.— The following paragraph appears in a Deniliquin paper : — ' Since the passing of the Stamp Act, the iSiecutiFe has always insisted on payment of duty on transfers of runs when made by way of giving security to mortgages. By the strenuous exertions of Mr. Robertson, solicitor of this town, who has constantly kept tbe matter tinder the notice of the Crown law officers, the Executive has determined in future to forego the charge on these transactions. As mort gages are sometimes forveiy short dates, and the duty was imposed on each renewal, the alteration is not less impor tant pecuniarily than just in principle.' Camden — A preliminary meeting of the members of the congregation of fit. John's Cburch was held in tbe school room on Saturday afternoon, 15th instant, for the purpose of taking the initiatory steps towards raising a memorial to the late Honorable James Macarthur, of Camden Park. The following is a brief summary of the proceedings : — Rev. H. Tingoombe having been voted to tbe chair, the following resolutions were unanimously carried 1. Pro- J posed by Mr. Cbisholm, seconded by Mr. Barker, ' That this meeting learns witb pleasure tbat it is proposed to do honour to tbe late Hon. James Macarthur, M.L.C., by erecting a memorial window in Camden Church, enlarging the chancel, and completing the church.' 2. Proposed by Mr. Burrett, seconded by Mr. Oxley, ' Tbat to carry ont the foregoing resolution the following gentlemen be re quested to act as a committee : — Revs. H. Tingcombe and T. Hassall, Messrs. Barker, Oxley, Dowaes, Cbisholm, J. B. Martin, J. M. Antill, E. Martin, H. Lowe, 6impson, Kennett, Burrett, Cross, Ferguson, Lakemw, Dr. Cbisholm, Dr. Jenkins, witb power to add to their number.' 3. Proposed by Mr. Martin, seconded by Mr. Simpson, 'That Messrs. Thomas Barker, and John Oxley, be joint treasurers; and that Messrs. J. K. Chisholm, and Matthew Kennett, be the secretaries.' 4, Pro posed by Mr. Downes, seconded by Mr. Kennett, ' Tbat an account be opened with the Bank of New South Wales, Camden, to be called the Macarthur Memorial Fund.' A vote of thanks to the chairman having closed this meeting, tbe committee held their first sitting, and pre liminary arrangements were made. A subscription list was opened, and a considerable sum was promised in the room. It was also mentioned that the churchwardens intended to request the Rev. H. Tingcombe to hand to them, for the puipoee of publication, the manuscript of the sermon preached by him on the Sunday eucceding Mr. Macarthur's death, having reference to that gentleman's sudden decease, the profit arising from tbe sale to be appropriated to the Macarthur Memorial Fund. Tbe committee then adjeurned. Statue to Captain Cook. — We understand that Captain Watson, who has taken so prominent a part in the efiirts which have been made towards raising a memorial of tbe renowned navigator, bas recently received from England a design, by Messrs. Burke and Co., for a bronze statue of Captain Cook, In this design the_ features were copied from the celebrated painting of Captain Cook in the Greenwich Hsspital. Designs from the same artiste bare also come to hand for tbe basement stone, on whioh the statue is to be ereoted, together witb designs for an en tablature, each of tbe four sides representing eome memor able nautical scene in Captain Cook's voyages. The cost i of purchasing and erecting the statue from these designs would be from £1000 to £1600. Captain Watson has also received advices of farther subscriptions being paid into the London Branch ef tbe Australian Joint Stook Bank, shewing that people in London, especially old colonists, con tinue to take an interest in the matter. The committee have now a considerable amount lying in the bank to their credit, and there is little doubt that with some additional effort the required balance wsnld be subscribed. People's Concerts.— The third of tbe series of cheap concerts, given under the auspices of the Sons of Tempe rance, took place on Saturday evening, in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street. The building was orowded, the audience being orderly and apparently well pleased throughout the whole of the entertainment. Latino the Foundation Stone of thb Anglican Chvbch, Fish River Creek.,— On the 31st May, the Bishop of Sydney laid the foundation stone of tbe church, when tbe Rev. J. Vaughan, in the course of bis addreiss, said tbat a tender for the erection of tbe church, ' for £340, bad been oooepted, and £106 was in the bank, [ The company adjourned to tbe large tent whioh bad been erected, and did justice to an excellent luncheon provided by the ladies of the district, After the luboheon a collection i was made ; tbe whole sum paid and promised being about I £67. Kewtown Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. — This association held its fifth half-yearly soirfe in tbe Wesleyan sohoolroom on Monday evening. There was a numerous attendance, and muoh interest waa manifested in the proceedings. After tea the chair was [ taken by the president (the Rev. G. Hurst), and tbe even ing was spent in hearing addresses, raol tattoos, and musio, Accident at Palmer's Island.— A man, named Jamas Loy, was brought into Grafton on Friday morniae, the 7th instant, having met with a serious accident. It appears that he was engaged felling trees at Palmer's Island, when one of the saplings fell, and, striking bis head, fraotnred his skull in a frightful manner. On the arrival of the sufferer in Grafton, Dr, Croft ordered him at once to be taken to tbe hospitu, and, from the danger of the injuries sustained, thought it necessary to oonmut with Dr. Smith. Both have sinse been unremitting in their attention to the poor fellow, who is slowly psogresslng. Loy is a married man who bad only teoently arrived on the river, his wife t 1 and child being still in Sydney.— O. ani R, B. Examiner. 1 Consecration of St. John's Cnuacn, Gdndaoii — On tbo evening ot Tuesday, the 5th instant, the Bishop of Goulbutn, together with the Rev. Mr. Byng, arrived in Gundegai from Tomut. On the following morning' the new and very neat end pretty little cburch of St. J ohu was to be consecrated and the event caused quite a commotion in the usually far from lively town of ^undagai. Soma little delay occurred in the morning from the fact of the sittings in the church not having been completed and fixed in their plaoes by the appointed hour. By dint of some tnergetic pushing this little difficulty was however scon surmounted, and at about half-past 11 o'clock, the Biehop, accompanied by the Revs. Messrs. Seaborne, Harpur, and Byng, and his Honor Judge Francis, the acting Chancellor, entered the building. The church, though in tts architectural features, simple aud unpretentious, is still ae a whole, neat, pleaaiog, aud eccle siastical, and witb its fodest stained windows and appro priate fittings contracted most favourably with tbe hideous edifices, which under tbe name of churches t-o generally disfigure our colonial towns. A large congre gation assembled to witness tke ceremony. Outside the communion rails were seated fourteen young ladies, all similarly attired in white, end near them were seated throe We — all candidates for confirmation. Tbe usual morning service was performed, ihe Rev. Mr. Seaborne reading the prayers, tbe Rev Messrs. Harpur and Byng the proper lessons, and the Bishop tbe communion service. The petition for consecration was read by Mr. Seaborne, aud the deed of consecration by his Honor Judge Francis. Tho Bishop delivered a solemn address to the candidates for confirmation before tbe commencement of that ceremony, at tho con clusion of which an eloquent sermon was preached by the Bev. S. S. Harpur, and tbe Holy Sacrament was then ad ministered to several members of the congregation. The whole of these services occupied a great deal of time, and it was quite late in the afternoon before tbe last of the worshippers left tbe churcb. About £25 was collected for defraying the expense of sealing the church, &c.;, aud then after singing the Doxology bis Lordship pronounced the Benediction, and the party broke up. — Wagqa llragga Ez jiras. The Charge of House-stealing against the Secbet Police. — The charge which was preferred against Lionel Pottingerand A. S. Meares at Braidwood of stealing aiilly, the property of Mr. Joseph Edgar, of Gundaroo, end which was remanded till Tuesday, was then again brought on. A witness named Lee, to whom tbe prisoner PottiDger was to deliver the mare wben it was given into his possession by pro6eeutor, deposed that prisoner never offered it io bim. This was the caBe for the prosecution. Sergeant Dufiy stating that be did not think he would be able to show that the filly had been offered for sale to Mr. Orridge, ae be thought he would, and for which purpose he requested to have the case postponed to obtain Mr. Orridge's evidence, bisWorsbip was of opinion that a prima facie case had not been made out, and discharged the prisoners. The prisoner Meares, under committal for Btealing another home belonging to tbe same party, hae been unable to obtain sureties, and is at present in* gaol —Dispatch. Inland Bonded Wakehouse. — It is understood (says the Wogga Wogga JSzprest) that the Government contem plate the establishment of bonded warehouses in three of the principal tovns of the Southern District, and Yass is stated by the Courier as likely to be one of the towns that will be selected. Bonded warehouses in the interior would prove a great convenience to merchants and traders, aud would enable them to profitably employ a large amount of capital which is now wastefully locked up in the payment of duties upon goods at tbe moment they first come into their possession, while much of the same goods must, in tbe ordinaiy course bf business, remain upon their hands for lengthened periods, and may porsibly remain unsold for years. The charge of' tbe interest upon the capital thus needlessly employed, of course, ultimately falls upon the consumer, and nnneccssarily increases to him the cost cf all dutiable articles* The establishment of bonded warehouses in our inland towns would be a relief to the merchant, a gain to the public, and no less to the Government, and is therefore from every point of view a measure to be desired. In no town could such a system be more advantageously adopted than in Wegga Wagga. Both from its geographical posi tion, and the extent and wealth of tbe district of which it ie the centre, its claims are quite equal to those of Yass, aud if privileges of this nature are granted there they certainly must be extended here also. Attempted Suicide. — Henry Zillman, a carrier, resid ing at Black Creek, was brought before the Bench on Tuesday, for protection, defendant having attempted to cut bis throat. Henry Zillman, sen of the prisoner, stated that bis father had been fretting about some debts he owed, and that be threatened and tried to cut his throat that morning with a razor ; witness prevented bim, and, in the struggle to take the razor from him, cut bis own hand ; the prisoner bad been threatening to cut his throat for a fort night. The prisoner was thereupon remanded for medical treatment, and on the following morning Dr. Dowe deposed that he attended the prisoner on the evening of the 11th instant, and that £e seemed excited ; he gave him medicine, and saw again that day, and be seemed to feel tbe enormity of the crime he was about to commit, aud expressed his regret ; he thought prisoner's mind sound now, and that it would be safe to discharge him. The Bench ordered him to find sureties to be of good behaviour for three months. — TemulorthEzamintr, June 15. Experience in Fencing in Runs.— Fencing in sta tion property is becoming general in Riverina, and we have now before us some of tbe experience resulting from it. Fencing in does good in some ways, and injures the sheep in others. In enables us to fatten them sufficiently well for market purposes, but they wili not fatten sufficiently for boiling down for tallow. The sheep is naturally a lazy animal, and will not travel far for food if left to itself. In paddocks they lie about for the most part of the time, and if the feed is not prime and abundant they will not go far from water to seek it— hence they take longer to fatten in pad docks fully stocked than when shepherded by careful per sons who so direct the movements of the flocks as to graze down, systematically and periodically, different parts of the runs. The sheep when shepherded necessarily travel over more ground than when allowed to run Iooeb in paddocks, by so doing they of course tread down more grass from being driven over a larger extent oi country. But fencing in improves the fleece, and this should weigh well in considering the matter ; it also enables the squatters to carry on their runs 23 per cent, more sheep. Keeping in view these two points— the improvement in tbe fleece, and increasing the carrying capabilities of tbe mns in the ratio stated— the advantages are evidently on the side of enclosures. If we add to these the saving in the wages and rations to shepherds, fencing in tells very greatly in favour of the squatter. The wool, being less torn and rubbed, grows freer and opener on sheep paddock fed, and the increase of the carrying power of runs far outweighs, in ordinary market value, the ques tion of fat for tallow. In support of our statement that sheep fatten higher with than without shepherds we inetance the runs held by Mr. John Peter and Messrs. Clarke and Macleay. These gentlemen's sheep always ' top ' the market, and bring about 25 per cent, more than their competitors. This result may be partially due to the superior breed, and to the quality and quantity of sheep kept by the squatters named ; but in the case of breeding it is much easier to improve the breed in paddocks. In paddocks sheep often go too tar from water when the wind is in tbeir nose or tbe cav be cloudy, and ere they can return they may cast their wool or die. A day without water is worse than a day without food — to fatten sheep speedily they must have water every day. When shepherded they are tamer and fatten better — in paddocks they get wild and lose flesh in going to market inoie than sheep that have been shepherded, and the breed would necessarily deterio rate sooner than in flocks guided by careful shepherds ; but the advantages on the whole are largely in favour of the enclosures, — Paitoral Times. Fatal Accident from Fire, — An inquest was held at Kelso, on tbe 15tb inBtant, before Mr, Henry Glenuie, coroner for tbe district of Patrick's Plains, on the remains of Mary Jane Alcrow, who came to her death by burns received on the chest through falling into the fire. The following witnesses, mother and brother of tbe deceased child, were examined Maria Alcrow deposed : I am the wife of Henry Alcrow, and reside on the Kelso ostato ; the dcccased, Mary Jane Alcrow, was my child, and between three and four years old ; on the morning of tho 23rd May, the deceased was standing is the fireplace, where there was a small fire; I heard my son call out, 'Mary Jane has fallen into tbe fire;' 1 took her up, and found she was bnrnt on tbe chest ; 1 did not think muoh of it at the time, and dressed it with oil; on Sunday last the child appeared to be worse, and I took her to Mr. Hartjgan; he prescribed for ber ; she still continued to get worse, and died yesterday morning, Daniel Alcrow deposed : I am nine years old ; the deceased, Mary Jane Alcrow, was my sister; one morning, about a fortnight sro, the deceased was standing in. the fire-plaoe, and 1 saw her fill into the fire ; I called my mother, and she picked deceased up : I saw afterwards she was burnt on the chest, and she died yesterday morning. The jury returned the following ver dict : — ' Jhat Mary Jane Alcrow died in consequence of a burn on ber chest, received by accidentally falling into the fire.' — Singleton Times. Accident at Clarence River.— A young man, named William Duggan, of Alumny Creek, was recently thrown from his horse, and unfortunately had bis collar bone broken in the fall. The Clarence and Richmond Adccrtiitr states tbat the man is under the care of Dr. Smith and Sr. Croft, and tbat be is progressing favourably. Masonic Hall. — Tbe conoert given in this plaoa on Saturday last was exceedingly well attended, and testified bow popular this class of entertainment has become. The principal vocalists engaged were — Madame Reiloff, MIbb Janes, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Beaumont, and Mr. Baohrach. St. Michael's Mutdax Improvemebt Bocietv.— ThiB society, assisted by tbe ohurch choir, gave a literary and musical entertainment in aid of the sohool funds, on Tneeday last, in the sohoolroom, Flfzroy-street, which was tastefnlly decorated witb evergreens. Notwithstanding tbe inclemency of tbe weather, there waa a good attendance. The chairman, tbe Rev. Httlton 8. King, president of the society, addressed tbe members in an appropriate speech, pointing ont to them tbo benefit of acquiring steady, persevering, and industrious principles. The evening's entertainment was a great sucoesa. Disagreeable Neighbours.— From late French pipers it would appear that bis Imperial Majesty's frigates tbe Isis and tbe Bybille are about to convey galley-slaves from Toulon to New Caledonia, -it is stated that the Isis will oome ont to this part of the world with 160 oonviots, and tbe Sybille with 200. Murdered bi tux Blacks.— The Port Dmison Timtt of the 8th instant states that, on the 28th ultimo, at the station of Mr. John 8. H. Testes, twenty-five miles from Bowen. Mr. Joseph E. Peate, late lieutenant of the 21st Mew York Volunteers, was murdered by the blacks. 