MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. (From tho Homo Newt,) I Bonnets rondo from thc skin of tho cobra di onpollo, and Indios' muffs mada of -vulture-down, aro among tho nrtlelos sent from tho Cnpo of Good alone, to tho l'aria Exhibition. ? . Six hundred human skulls, many of thom of romotc antiquity, will be shown in the anthropological department oftthe Paris Exhibition. ' Physicians ottho town of Columbus, Indiana, (U.S.) report n casa or- spontaneous combustion as having ! occurred thcrc.l Jhidrow Nolto, n German of very Intompornto hallt}, ivas found dead in his shop, his ! lips burned ajuiy, his mouth a ghastly hole, his tonguo charrcoflp a cinder, nnd his nostrils blackened by tiro. It is Unloved that his breath took Uro from a cigar. ? , ', Mr. Foabody's fortune is estimated at £0,000,000 tho richest prívalo individual, Bavo the Baron Rothschild, withlnftrnV limits of civilisation. He ls perfecting his pfeipiuor tho some time since nnnounccd gift tn tlo poor of Boston, and tho colleges of his nativo Statu II» gifts already aggrcgato £000,000. It is stated that llb* health of tho convict William | Roupell, formely member of Parliament for Lambeth, has completely brokon down. When ho first wont to Portland ho worked in tho quarries with tho other convicts, and his health seemed to improve through tho out door employment. After a while he applied to bo engaged in-loors, and was ect to work at book- binding, l'hls, lnwovor, docs not nppoar to have suited his constitution, fur his health gradually declined, and at fcngth ho was obliged to enter the hospital, whero hojomiins but a wreck of the mnn ho once was. |Jjsx\ A singular ease Xphofiicldo lins just occurred nt Gravesend. OnH roetnt afternoon, two youths, named Holmes arUEdgaV, tn tho employ of a grocer, were upstairs in fUir bedroom. Ono had boen sent up to call the other down to ten, when thoy began to spar with each other in play. Suddenly Holmes took up a pistol and shot Edgar through tho head. Tho pistol belonged to Ilohnos, and is said to have I been kept loaded as he had been alarmed by ghost j stories. Hu has shown uiuoh distress at tho result of his rash action, but has marlo no statement as to his motive for it. The coroner's jury returned a verdict, of " manslaughter " against him. It is reported that a tcrrtblo railway accident occurred near tho Nikitlno station on the Moscow linc. In turning a short curva n part of thc train ran off the rails, nnd eight carriages were precipitated down an embankment fifty feet high. About thirty personal woro killed, and moro than 100 received scrioustlnjurlcs. Tho Queen hns officiated in person as sponsor to tho infant son ai the Honorable Ftederick nnd Lady Constance Stnnlty. \ . Tito reason ol tMoVEarl of Carnarvon vacating tho Ministry is, thnjJtno Reform Bill now will give n, pre- ponderance of Uno representation to thc working classes. ? A formal complaint hns been lodged with tho Bishop of London against tho practices of thc Hov. Mr. Machonochle, thc incumbent of St. Albun's, Holborn, wheVo ritualistic practices run rampant. Thero is todtmuch reason to fear that the majority of our Bishops nro in reality ltomnn Cntholics at heart, and that the Church of Homo is at tho bottom of tho matterjhavhig put such men forward in tho [ Established ChuistU with tho view of undermining ' J opinion entertained by many persons es osTlifo. That a great manv of our n Catholics thero can bo no doubt, d Merritt, n bird-catcher, lins just . at tho ugo of 102. Tho Hev.'JJr.Lnulgan, tho ltomnn Catholic Bishop elect, of Goulburn, arrived in that town on Snturdny lnst. It is stated that he is to be consecrated there on tho 9th of \June, and that tho ltomnn Catholic Bishops of Bathurst and Brisbane will be present nt tho consecration. There have Y,oS,V some energetic protORt of the clergy nnd laity anthe Church of England ngnlnst ritualism. His prHjej tho Archbishop of Canterbury has declared that his influence and authority will bc carried to the utmost to check thc progress of so great an evil. Vi The creditors>Jf tho Agra and Masterman's Bank will bo paid in full, Tho liabilities of Ovorend, Gurney, nnd Co. have been reduced from £18,720,010 to £3,040,060. Tho liquidators expected them to bc reduced finally to £1,802,881. Colonel Nelson nnd Lieutenant Brand have been committed for trinl, but released on ball. Thc case is expected to bc brought before tho Court of Queen's Bench. Tho wotld-renowned " Esterhnzy jowels, " which for moro than thrce-qunrter of n century hnve excited tho admiration of the chief Courts of Europe, havo at last como under tho hammer of thc auctioneer. Tho Great Eastern, which has undergone considerable alteration, will leave tho Mersey for New York an tho 20th Instant. She has accommoda- tion for 3000 passengers, of whom 2000 cnn dine at once. \\. A Public mcotinè,wits recently held nt tho London Tavern of tho English,pirchnsors of land orders for I lands in tho northern territory of South Australia, and also of tho shitehotders in tho North Australian Company (limitcd)Ufor the purpose of taking Into I consideration their present unsatisfactory position as I holders of these lana orders, and to adopt a course of ' action for obtaining a return of their purchase moneys. Mr. A. L. Elder occupied tho chair, and it I was resolved that as tho holders in this countty of preliminary land orders hud subscribed their money on tho faith of n schemo set before thom by tho Govornmentof South Australia, and has lt ¡»notorious that such scheme had failed, the Government be urged to refund tho monoy paid, with interest from the dato of payment. The bills of Mr. Hobert Tooth, In tho Austrnlain trado, have been returned, Ha was connected in business minions with the- London and Colonlnl Company, tho'Jiquldrrtlon nf which undertaking has been tirrangcU, His liabilities nro stated at about £00,000, anditho realisation of tho estate is expected Í to be favorable. Mfl Hobert Tooth is not connected I with the firm if R. and F. Tooth nnd Co., of Sydney, or with that OB R. nnd F. Tooth nnd Mort, of London. It ls stated thal tito Her. Dr. Cumming, whoso , nnmo was pul up nt\tho Athcnoum Club a few I evenings ago, »ns blackballed by a largo majority. Two of the mist promising students of St. Augus- tine's College, \Cnnterbury, who were about being ordained for mlssinnnry work.havb most unexpectedly seceded from the Church of England nnd joined the communion of tho Church of Home. A Qormnn brewer died lately in St. Louis, leaving I one dollar to ench of lils children, and 500,000 dollars to his widow, One of two men, arrested while endeavouring to land nt Dublin on tho 29th, from a collier from Whitehaven, turns out to bc an important person in I connection with tho Fenian conspiracy. He has been Identified ns Captain John M'Uaffarty, of the late Confederate army, who was put upon his trial in Cork for treason-felony, but was discharged on a Ëoint of lawihat ho had committed no overt act in nglnnj^ Iuj ts said to have afterwards returned nd thence to England, where ho has engaged in tho Fenian interests. Ills lellcfcd to ba tho chief organiser of tho tngllid. 