The suspension of public payments, which has just terminated, has brought out tho Government in a now character— that of an apologist for tho inconvenience to which tho members ot the (Jivii service hare boon subjected by tho temporary insolvency of tho Treasury. A G'azttlc J-xtraordinary, with tho following _ most extraordinary notico, bearing tho signature of " Jambs H'Cullocii,' Chief Secretary, was issued on Friday evening, viz : — " Tho Govern ment desires to express to the officers and employes of the public service its deep senso of the great inconvenience to which they havo been subjected by tho suspension of payments consequent upon the rejection of tho Appropriation Bill for tho year, and its appreciation tho spirit in which that inconrcnienco has been borne. Anxious to relievo tbo existing embarrassment at the earliest moment after tbo Supply Bill passed by Parliament shall havo become law, tho Government lias made arrange ments which will secure payment at tho Treasury to-morrow morning of all salaries and wages now duo for tho months of July and August, and heads of depart ments and others are requested to make npplicatiou accordingly. It is also noti fied that the managers of tho banks havo consented to keep their rcspectivo esta blishments open until 4 pm. to morrow ; and tho Government takes this op portunity of thanking them for the assistance thus rendered." Tbero is something ludicrous, ns well as disinge nuous, ia this acknowledgment from head- quarters of tho meek spirit of for- bearanco with which Hossrs. tho Employes of tho Stato have endured tho forced condition of impecunioaity to which they havo been subjected during tho last two months by their official masters, the Ministers of the Crown. Did Mr. M'Cul- loch expect that tho Government clerks, railway servants, policemen, and warders at tho gaols and convict establishments would strike work, on account of tho non payment of thoir salaries and wages ; and is this the expression of tho Ministerial thanks for their not having done so ? Or, are tho members of tbc Ministry conscious of having most unnecessarily and reck lessly dono their best to throw tho cutiro Government service into" confusion, and having failed, aro now desirgjis of making a virtue of necessity, nnd cil appearing to regret tho infliction of that inconvenienco on tho officers of the Civil Service, which they feel they should never havo occa sioned, nnd which would never have arisen had Ministers been guided in their counsels by ordinary moderation and prudence ? Perhaps, after nil, it is only a sly hit by tho canny Chief Secre tary' at his impetuous colloague, the Attorney-General, for having already by his perverso eonduet and his intemperate languago brought about, and intending again to bring about, needlessly, and for no purpose of any im portance whatever, that irritating condi tion of temporary pcnnilessness undor which tho Civil Service has been so long suffering. It is as if it were as much as to say:— "Here's your money at last, gentlemen. It is not my fault that it has bcon so long withheld. But the fact is, it is an awful thiag for plain business men like myself and the other members of the Ministry, to havo for our leading col league and fugleman a personago like my terrible friend, Mr. Dictator Hioin- noTiriir, who believes that ho has been born to revolutionise tbo Australian colonial dependencies of tho British Crown — that his mission is to provo tho British Constitution a mistake, and to convineo tho world at largo that it is a blunder to havo more than one Legislative Chamber in the Parliament of a constitutional country. My rodoubtablo friend, Her cules HioiNuoTiujr, Esq., perpetual At torney-General of the British colony of Victoria, has, in obedience to tho exalted dictates of his inspired soul, resolved within himself, with respect to that fungoid institution, tho Legislative Council, that he shall ' sweep it with tho besom of destruction,' and make it, as I'm told Siiakspehe says— for my own reading has not gone that far, being generally confined to hills of lading, iedgcrs, and tho morning papers— make it, I say, ' like the baseless fabric of a vision, leave not a wrack behind.' And there's no fee-faw-fum about Higinuomam, I assuro you. Ho mean3 what ho says ; and tho doom of tho mushroom oligarchy located in the Legislative Council is fixed and irrevocable. IIiginbotiiam. bas settled the matter ; and what he resolves on, lot no man gainsay. I don't beliovo in tho revolutionary style of business myself ; but what can I do ? Iam nobody. Iam only tho Grand Mufti, whoso function it is to look on and do the sheepish, whilst Hercules enacts tho torriblo and clears out tho Augean stable. It is for that reason that I now address you, to thank you for not having mado confusion worse confounded by dismissing yourselves from tho service and leaving the Government in the lurch ; for, this was a calamity, I admit, greatly to be apprehended, in tho absenco of tho customary monthly Berew. But you were magnanimous, gentlemen of tho Civil Service ; you did not abandon us. If you had, how could wo havo ever replaced such invaluable auxiliaries in tho onerous work of tho departments ? No ; you were loyal and patient, and Jong- suffering, and I am grateful. But moan- whilo the mission of tho inspired Hioin- eotham must be fulfilled. It is destiny, and cannot bo helped. Tho Legislative Council must be ? squashed.' Yes; ' squashed.' There is no other word to doscribe properly tho operation that our great wonder-worker has resolved on ; and we shall havo in consequence to make another and a long draft at once on your forbearance. This is tho last money you'll get until Christmas, as it will occupy that lapse of timo, at least, in tho work of annihilating tho Council. After that grand operation will come the Appropriation J Act_ and tho millennium, nnd the novar- ending reign of IIioiNnoTiuH thoMag- ! nificent. Until then, therefore, preserve your souls in patience, and rest in tran quillity on your great expectations." Who will say this i» an exaggerated paraphmo of Mr. M'CuLi.ocn's notice extraordinary to tho employes of tho Government? This is its meaning, if it havo any meaning ut all. The absurdity, as well as tho hypo crisy, of tho situation is that Mr. MCrrr.tocii assumes a certain amount of suffering on the part of tho Govern ment officers in being so long de prived of their pay, and pretends to lament that suffering, although ho nnd his coliongucs had beforohand deliberately resolved on inflicting it, without any ne cessity whatever for so doing, nnd although also they intend to inflict it im mediately again and lor a prolonged period, without tho slightest ground of justifica tion. If " tho spirit in which the incon venience" of a suspension of Government payments " has been borno" by tho mem bers of the Civil Service is something so extraordinarily commendable, as Sir. M'Cdlloch declares it to bo, wby docs ho ungenerously propose to tax that patient spirit f arthor by provoking another suspension of Government payments ? Is there not something Pharisaical in thus pretending to sympathise with the subor dinates of tho Government in their past infliction, and at tho same timo quiotly resolving to put them immediately to tho torture onco more, for no other object than to gratify a Ministerial whim ? Tbo Ministry want to havo another faction fight, and all tho suffering and injuries in itiated in tho melon ore to bo borno by the members of tho Civil Service. But Mr. M'Culloch pats them on the back, tells them not to mind — that it will bo all right by-and-byo ; and ho thinks that in this way ho and his colleagues can escape from tho odium of jeopardising the interests of. others, in order that ho and Mr. Higinbotham .may play at revolu tion. Thero aro interests at stake, how ever, far higher than those of tho Government employes. Tho political re putation of tho colony, and tho public respect for tho law and tho government which are thus both purposely ninl- odministered, are endangered by such a perverso misuse of thefunclions of Parlia ment as tho Ministry proposo to adopt in again rendering it impossible for tho Legis lative Council to pass the Appropriation Bill of tho present year. But these higher interests aro ignored altogether by Mr. M'Cullocii, who is incapable of tho views of a statesman, and cannot riso higher than a show of hypocritical sympathy with the men of his own caste, nnd of kindred capacity — the clerks — who havo had their salary stopped for a month or two._ A clerk only, himself, in mind and acquirements, tho greatest mischief ho is able to see in ' slopping the supplies" for the service of tho Government is merely the delay in getting their monthly salaries, which the Government clerks have had, or may have, to endure. Ycrily, statesman ship has fallen into tho awkward hands of dull politicians in Victoria. Yesterday afternoon tho Adelatdo branch mail steamer reached Glonclg with tho South Aus tralian portion of tli8 Kogllih mail, via Suez. Oar tclcgrtms will ho found tn another column. The officials at tho Treasury were kept busily engaged on Saturday up to 4 o'clock, and a sum of L1G5,000 was paid out la salaries and wages duo for tho last two months. In the event at a dissolution of Parliament, it is said that Mr. M'Intyro, Mayor of Sandhurst, wtii ba a caudldato for the Saudhurst Boroughs. At a meeting of fanners held st the Prince of Wales hotel, Goelong, on Saturday afternoon, to dccldo as to whluh of tho thiee competitors for tho representation of South Grant opposed to Mr. Colin Caibpbiil should bo supported, u show of hands was taken with the following result : — Mr. Stutt 07, Mr, Graham Berry 5, aad Mr. Longdon 3, This meeting held at tho Chsrllo Napier hotel, Ballaarst, on Friday evening, to hoar .Mr, C. K. Jones, M.P., express lila opinions on ilia subject of the crisis, was attended by about 1000 persons, ilr. Jones, who wnB well received, moved the following resolution This meeting strongly disapproves of tho lino of action taken by the Legislative Council, in throwing out lbs Appro priation Bill hccaues it contained a vote of 1.29,000 to Lndy Darling, to which voto tlio eolony is solemnly pledged, and this rneoting will not extend Its support to any Administration which may propose to Ignoro the paramount claims of Sir Charles Darling upon this colony, for compensation for his misfortunes which have arisen from his action as a constitutional Governor of Victoria tn defence of tho rights ot the people." This was seronded by Mr. Rodler and cerrted ; an amendment moved by Mr. W. Clarke, condemning Mr. Jones' conduct in joining the Opposition, not finding a seconder. Wo understand that Messrs. Greenwood and Co. have been compelled, through want of funds, to stop the woiks on their contract in connection with tho Colibnn waterworks at Malmsbury. All the men have been paid eft", with the excep tion of a few masons, retained for dressing tho stone with which to finish tho tunnel. TkU proceeding lm3 had a damaging effect on all the MalmBbury trades people. A splendid meteor wos observed at Sandhurst and elsewhere, on Friday night about 9 o'clock. It appeared tu tbo 6ky to the east, descending fu an oblique direction towards tho south, nnd then suddonly vanishing. During its appearance, which lasted only a few moments, tho light of the brightly shining moon wes completely eclipsed, every object around being as visible ns at noonday. A company Is about to be organised at Gcelong to thoroughly prospect a portion of tho Capo Otway district, wht.ro gold la Bmall quantities has been found, We lisve Sydney papers to the 5th Inst., hut the colonial Intelligence has been anticipated. Launceston papers to tho Gth r.re to hand. Pleasant Creek was visited on Wednesday by the heaviest fall of rain that has occurred since the great hail nnd rain storm of 1858. Although the Recfa are situated on very elevated ground, several claims wero flooded, nnd a considerable stream of water wes flowing down the main stree'. Several shafts along the line of reef workings suffered considerably by tho Influx of snrfaee water, and much damage was caused. The New St. Georgo Company's tailings dam burst during tbe afternoon, end it was only by tho merest chnnca that the Victorian Company's water reservoir below was saved. One of the New Chum Company's t'nms was washed away, and a groat quantity of stored water was sonBe- qucntly lost. A great deal of damage was done to several of the leased claims on tho Wclsli- man'a Flat by tho flood of water that swept down. At Ararat also the storm was exocodlnclv violent. We find the following testimony to the satis factory effect of the 42nd clause in an Ararat journal : — " Last week two mates called at a station In this nelghbjurhood, and instead of putting tho cvaslvo and now thoroughly under stood question, 'Con you give us a job, sir?' ns the preliminary to ' Can we sleep here to-night, sir V they asked for accommodation, and said they were travelling to tho Wimmern counlry In the hopes of earning somo money at tho oarly sheds, end working from theneo back to their farms; they had email areas under crop, and wore anxious to moke tho stipulated improve ments, nnd to lay past some little money in tho event of their being required to purchase, or ngaiust such contingencies as might occur. . Both of theso men, to the overseer's knowledge, were old shcarcre, who years ago had periodically I spent tho money obtained in this way in . debauchery. They had now provided themselves and their families with homes, and apponred to hove growths frugal as they were formerly ex travagant and thoughtless, The men feared that the prices of produce would not realise thtfr expectations this year, and took this means of supplementing tho proceeds of their small farms. Wo are told that o number of 42nd clause men, who can make provision for their obieoce, aro proceeding up country with similar Intentions, nnd that not a few of tbom will take advantage of the oarly and late harvest districts." The annual general meeting of the members of tbo Melbourne Cricket Club was held on Saturday afternoon, in tho pavilion on tho ground. Thero wus n full attendance of mem bers ; and the proceedings were presided over by Mr. T. F. Hamilton. Tho report, which was submitted, referred to tbo falllng-offfn the num ber of members during tho pa»t year from 291 to 228, lenvltg a deficiency In tho estimated receipts of 1,135. The principal cause assigned for this reduction In the number of subscribers was the growing apathy on the part of the hitherto sup- porters of cricket. The committee recommended that a series of really good matches on the ground, with the view of producing a reaction and increasing the number of members. The ladles' reserve had been much enlarged, and sufficient accommodation was now afforded for ladies introduced by members of the club. The committee drew attention to the improvement in the play. A greater number of first-class matches had taken place during the past season than in previous years. The batting average placed Mr. R. W. Wardill first on the list, S. Cosstick second, and B. J. Wardill third. In the bowling department, the average showed that Messrs. V. Cameron, H. D. Hsudfield, and R, Wardill were the three highest. The committee acknowledged the receipt of L20 from the Vic- torian Cricketers' Association towards the payment of Cosstick's salary, without which amount the sum of L150 a year could not have been paid. The report closed with an expression of regret at the loss of the services of Rowland Newberry, who for such a long period held the position of pavilion, keeper. The balance-sheet showed a deficiency of L210 balance against the club. The report was unanimously adopted. A long dis- cussion followed upon a suggestion thrown out by Mr. A. Slevs-right, that no person should be admitted to the pavilion unless a member of the club. It was pointed out that while persons found out that they could at all times gain ad- mittance to the pavilion and to the reserve, they refrained from becoming members of the club and paying their subscriptions. It was decided that the rules relating to the payment of sub- scriptions and the admission of non- members to the pavilion should bo strictly cirrled out. A proposition was started to charge for admission to the reserve on match days; but It was very properly not entertained by a very largo majority of the members. Tho election ot office-bearers was then proceeded with, nnd the result was as follows: — President, Mr. T, F. Hamilton; vice- president, Mr. W. C. Blddlo; treasurer, Mr. A. W. Frasor ; secretary, Mr. W. H. Hnndfield; committee, Messra. D. S. Campbell, V. Cameron, W. l'lumtner, W.jH. Hull, J. Plckcrsgill, T. J. Kelly, and R. W. Wardill. Tho proceedings termiaated with n vote of thanks to the retiring officers, and a similar compliment to the pre sident. A meotlng lies been called at tho London tavern for this evening, of persons favourable to the formation of a veteran battalion. The numerous friends and admirers of Mr. Armes Beaumont will bo glad to learn that be intends to resume bis professional engagements duriog the forthcoming opera season in Ade laide. About a fortnight ego a man named Foley, residing at Sandhurst, had a spliutar driven into his thumb. He took but slight notice of the circumstance, as bo thought It trivial ; but alarm ing symptoms nppeared, and a few days ago It was found necessary to procure medical aid, gsngveno having sot In. Tbc unfortunate man was removed to the hospital, where he expired on Friday morning. lie leaves a wife and family. A meotlng oi the committee of the Victoria R'.llo Association was held at the Volunteer- office on Saturday, when U was decided to place in tho hands of Captain Couchman nnd Messrs, Lacy, M'Naughtcn, M'Ewnn and Johnscn the five Wbltworth match rifles which were recently imported, provided tlioso gentlemen consent to represent Victoria in Sydney at the Inter colonial Rifle Match. Itwns further arranged that competitive firing should tako place at tho Snndridge Butts on Thursday and Friday, when fourteen or sixteen match Wliltwortli9 will he used, with the object of the committee ascertain ing the most compstenl persons to whom to en- trust the remaining rifles. On this occasion ten rounds will ho fired at 300 ysrds and ten at 500 yards. Regret was expressed at the inability of Captain Tcmplcton, of the Collingwcod Rifles, to proceed to Sydney with the Victorian riflemen. Tho committee decided that no competitor using one of tho recently Imported rifles should bo allowed to fire unices loading with the patent bullets. The first rcgulor selection practice will take place on Saturday at the Ssndrldge Butts, when ten rounds will bo fired at 200, 500, and 800 yards. Sloce the publication of last week's receipts, the lion, treasurer of the Sydney Floods Relief Commttteo has to acknowledge tbe fallowing contributions, viz : — Per C. E. Pascoe, town cloilc, Echuca : T. Lowers, 20s.; W. II. Moore, 20-1.; — Salomon, 10s. ; J. L Archer, 20s. ; T. Mitchell, 20s. ; C. E. Pascoe, 20s." ; A Friend 20s. ; G. Redman, 20s. ; Rev. Mr. M'CnusIand 20?. ; J. Stubbs, 20j. ; H. N. Hansen, 20s. ; II.' Hopwood, 20s. ; Friends, 10s. ; W. Baycs, 10s. H. Hsyw&rd;, 10s. ; Nuvey, 10s. ; Mr. Nolan's list, 25s. ; per Mr. Kendall (net proceeds of an amateur performance), L14 13s. ; balance In sums from Is. to 5s. — total, L31 12s. Additional per lion, secretary of Kyncton committee, L14 18s Id. Messrs. Cuningliam and Macredle, L2 2s. Per Horace Sampson, LI. Per manager of Bank of Victoria, Melbourne : C. Lake 10s. Lieut.- Colonel Anderson, L3 ; J. II. Sosse Qls. A. Battcrsley, 10s. ; II. Tom, Qls. ; A. Meozles! 21s.; W. U. Hall, 20s.; sums undor 10s., 12s. Gd. — total, L8 15s. Gd. A meeting of the com mittee will ha held on Wednesday next, at 4 o'clock p in., at tho offices of Mr, W, B. Gilbert parliamentary ogent, No. 13 Collins street west! who lies kindly placed a room at tho disposal of the committee for tbe meetings they will require to hold in bringing their labours to a conclusion. We have tlia following particulars, additional to those published In Saturday's Herald, fatal bailer explosion at Ross' Creek saw mills on Thursday. It appears that a bay, a son of Davles, ono of the proprietors of tho mills noticed that tlio boiler wa9 leaking, and called the attention of the engice-drlvor to it, when boforo ho bad time to Inspect It, tbe explosion took placo. Davics was on tho brickwork of tbo boiler at tho time, and was blown a dlstanco of 2U0 yards, his head being completely smashed. The engine-driver received a blow on tlio knee and anolher behind the ear, hut neither, how! ever, producing any serious tff.ct. The boy Davics also got n blow from a brick. Davics expired within a fow minutes alter tho accident, and was carried to his residence at Smytboidale the same night. He loaves a widow and eight children totally unprovided for. The central commltteo of tho Land Reform Association, Ararat, havo Issued on address to the selectors under the 12th nnd 42nd clauses of tho Land Act, in whtch they announce that tbe principles adopted by the association, which in their opinion should be embodied In any amend ment of the present act, are as follows Ht. That Ilia bona Jidcs of selectors having been shown— by having made the improvements re quired by tho act — all payments after tho ex piration of two years from tho date of selection should bo reckoned as part of tho purchase money, in accordance with the mode laid down In tho petition from the Loddon district. 2nd. That a yaluotion bo put on all selections under the 42nd clause, a tight of pre-emption being given to the selector when he ha9 complied with the regulations Issued by the Board of Land and Works, nnd with a similar mode of payment. Tho association also recommends tbnt, In order to carry out successfully these principles, (he vn r ous committees should thoroughly crgonisa their respective districts and keep a registry of names of thoso who . may become members tsklsg .care that such names arc placed on the electoral roll ; that at all elections of membcta for the Legislative Assembly deputies from tho nearest commlttecsbould attend at the buatiaga, to ascertain tbo views of tho candidates on the land question, and to support tbeso only who arc favourabla to the prlnclplos propounded by tho association. Their Honours tho Judges In Banco, on Saturday, delivered judgment In tlio long- pending case of Evans, Merry and Llltlo against Tho Queen, Tho action was to recover 7) per cent, which hod been deducted by the Crown from every L100 worth of work executed by tho petitioners In the csnstructlon of tlio Geelong ond Billsarat Railway, such deduction amount ing in the wholo to L85,U05. Tho question lor tho Court wa», whether tire Crown worejuslifled In making this deduction nnd retaining tho amount. Tho Court, in delivering judgment, entered fully into the facts of tho case, stating that when tho tenders were called for, It was specially stated that the tenderers wero to naino tho prices of all tho scheduled works of which quantities were to bo given ; that all these prices wero to bo computed, snd tho result sent In us the gross amount of the tender. The petitioners in their (coder had stated tho prices of oil the quantities in the schedules, ami ten dered for the whole work for LI, 271,841 Us. 2J.'; but H seems to havo been discovered by tbc Crown early in the contract that the petitioners bad made an error, by some means or other, between their scheduled prices and (he gross amount of the tender, for whilo tho latter was LI, 271, 811 lis, 2d., tho scheduled prices amounted to Ll, 374, 903 15s. 8 J., or 7 per cent, more than the tender. There was n clause In the contract by which it was agreed that the tenderers were to he bound to execute tbo qunntlty of works, If required, which were nouiod In the schedules ; and If It were found that tbe quantifier In tho schedules, when reckoned by tbe prices which the contractors agreed to execute them for, amounted to mora than the total amount of tho tender, the prices in tho schedules were to be reduced so much as would bring them down to the amount nornid as the gross sum In tho tender. The Board of Land and Works, sb tho contract pro ceeded, deducted the 7J per cent, from alt tho certificates ol quantities which the Engineer- ln- Chlef specified to hove been executed ; and tho Court on Saturday held that they were justified in so doing, and that it was not ntctssary lor them to wait until the whole railway was com pleted before they made tho deduction; as In that case, by paying according ro tho scheduled prices, they would have paid 7 per cent, more than tho amount tendered for, which overplus they might not have been cuatled to recover. Tho Court also allowed another plea of tbe respondents, namely— that tho petltlsncrs hod no right to sue tbo Crown, they having, in I860, entered Into a second agreement with tho Board of Land nnd Works, whereby the Interest of their firm In tbo contract had been entirely made over to tho firm of Williams and Little, Williams having been substituted for Evans and Merry. The judgment was, therefore, entirely In favour of the Crown. We have received ths third number of tbe Hallanshire Standard, a new journal published in Ballaa. Its contents seem almost Identical with those of the Bacchus Marsh Express. The friends of Mr. Hutchison, resident surgeon nt the Castlomatnc Hospital, presented that gentleman with a testimonial on Prlday evening, In the shape of a silver claret jug, as a mark of their esteem and In testimony of his public services. Wo notice in the Hobart Town papers b letter addressed by Lieutenant-Colonel Dvycr to the Hon. J. M. Wltiin, In which tho writer with draws his letter of tho 20tb August, resigning bis office of steward of the Tasmauian Champion Raco Meeting. At tho Police Court, Hobsrt Town, on tke 30th nit., tho members ol the commltteo of the mecbantci' Institute wero charged with per mitting a literary and raudcnl entertainment, entitled " Old Gems In New Settings," to bo given In the building under their control. Tha police magistrate diimUstd the case, being of opinion thot tbo description of entertainment forming the subject of tho complaint was not included In tkoco referred to in the act. Some consternation has been caused nt Ararat by a report that tho Black Lead Company's ground, on which is erected tho most powerful innchineiy In the district, has been jumped by n person from Balloarat. It was further stated that tho Canton Company's ground, another extended claim, on which there is also u I or," e amount of valuable machinery, lied been jumped by tho sarao person. Tha Black Lead gives abundant promtao of being tho best claim ever opened In the district, end shareholders wero not only sanguine, but certain of dividends being declared in a short timo. Tho jumper 6tates that nouo of tbo largo claims In tho district are legally held ; and he has picked on tbero two, it Is supposed, as being the most promising and tho most likely to pay for bis litile game. Boating on the Yarra Yarrn did not seam to be much In favour on Saturday. Tho weather was threatening at times, nnd probably fow but enthusiasts eared to venture afloat with a pro spect of a ducking, which tha bleak-looking clouds on tho horizon seemed to promlso. Wo noticed, however, one or two University and Bauks' fours practising, besides several pair-oar and sculling boat?, and a canoo or two. Thero wero hut few of tho amateur boating partlrs that usually assist in mnklog up a lively scene on Saturday afternoon. Tho usual monthly general meeting of St. Francls'.Benefit Society was held on Tlnrsdoy evening ; Mr. E. Nolan, the vlco-presldent, occupied the chair, and there wero sixty-five members present. After tho usual routino business pf receiving subscriptions, etc.; had been disposed of, tbe following new mombcrs were nominated as full benefit members : — Messrs. Thomas Boardman, Michocl Ryau, T. It! Warren, John Noonan, James Davis, Richard Templeton, James Gteenoy, Cornelius Ilorgnn, Patrick l'rendergast, — Nash, Patrick Pnreell, and John Egan. Messrs. James O'Btien, — Kearans, G. Csffy, and Michael Sexton woroduly enrolled as full benefltmembera. Tho treasurer then submitted his quarterly report, which showed that the funds were rapidly Increasing there being nearly L1C0 in the bank and in hand; and tho business terminated. The committee of tbo Melbourno and Sub urban City Mission held their monthly meeting in St. Enoch's lecturc-room on Tuesday after noon, Mr. D. Ogllvy in tbo chair ; present- Rev. Messrs. Ramsay, Wollsston, and Hamilton (secretary), and Mr. II. Jennings (treasurer). Apologies for abienca wera received from ltov Messrs. Becker and Mcckio. Tbo auditors (Messrs. Ilnrker and Ogllvy) reported that tboy had audited the treasurer's hooks before tho new treasurer entered upon office. The treasurer reported thot, after paying salaries for Augu-t, he had only L13 Is. 2d. in hand towa.d tlm demands of September. Tha missionaries' journals for August ware laid on tho table for examination. It wae agreed to Instruct the missionary visiting the Benevolent Asylum to devote Ida time more to vlsitatlcns-whtch are the special objects of the society — seeing that the Inmates of t!m Asylum nro very carefully visited by agents from all deno minations. Ths secretary was appointed o arrango with tho mlsslonaiies in refcrenco to conducting service at the Immi grants Homo. The churches In arrears wero to he urged to make good their payments before tho annual meeting in October. Tke Rev. A. M. Ramsay woe appointed to superintend Mr. Nicholson In his new district. A correspondent of a Ballaarat newspaper provides the journal with a ghost story, told to tlio narrator by " a respected nnd apoorently sane Individual, who devoutly believes in its truth," It appears that a short timo ago a person occupied ahouso in Melbourne, and after living thero for somo timo left In a mys terious manner. After this a second person went to llvo In the came lisusc, whero she died, or, 09 is supposed, wos murdered. The house is now occupied by tome respectable citizens, whose peaceful slumbers are neatly every night slurbed by the sound of footsteps going up and down stairs. Somotlmos in tho dead of , night a noise as If upon the floor Is heard""5 the house bell n„m I'lle . "f| writer) solemnly declare , orn"m (I' handle ot the bV wa' Ai 's ' words when there wM " lie also states that h„ h|raeE fn. sElt Aaclcntlfic gcmleman !a £ IDBtttr. Tlio usual TVCtklr rn "ill Uko place at o qlmr'c- 'f "" P afternoon. Berth, som 'J7 3 4 members havo to con?ll "e hU.lat' l'rlnco's Reception Commln r!P" i' that His Royal 1 K be asked to ,|„ ,|10 , e o|£,:; tho foundation stone of ih a,"W (l l n anticipation of Hi? Itoyal ma"1' !:i Ing wiib such icquest OUIIM»I» h manufacture of a trowel for u!„ In accordance whk a do«i lb;'" committee, ond at a cost of Mra '< committee be authorised tnht : 'V llluralnolion of t)16 Swanst l'iilt , Market a transpo",0 «' U turec.iore,,? bullj|ng 'J late manufactory by m- n, ,CWc"'-lJ flames appear to have originated? "lr'l storey, and from tktnca foJl upper storey, ond in a short u W,1 that portion of the eslab!|,kra.n "'N firo. Tho brigade, under At? H speedily in attendance, nndsucl!? , 'J tho firo under in about Ibreo-nu.rt 'J Mr. Bates, who occupier a woni 'l raises, states that he left the p ?.'i r u' ' Ba ,;annol re u "i ft Iho fire. Tho premise! insured In tha Imperial InsurL ll office for L80U, ' G-l Tbepurch3scrsof250forfcltcdshir;tj.! Don Company, Utllaai at, lateH 'u'"! order of the dtroelors by auction ,, "J hotel, Collins street, held a mtetl J.! I of Mr. Knlpp, tho auctioneer « ?1 when, after some strong overran, .! course pursued by the boird who! ' I scrip, it was resolved on by themJ!! present to put the matter Into tli i!! solicitor unless tho scrip was further delay. Wo havo later intelligence ftoij Nelson, Canterbury, nutl the Wtatf- " Raogltoto. The Colonial Trel.u.,'H his financial statement, which given much satisfaction. Tne current year amounted to Ll oq(„/| proposed expenditure to L73|'|;j jl vernment proposo to convert ihj'mjjJ or to extinguish them by tirfr If the Ministerial plan Is g!,ra ,j(,( . colonial loan will bo an tliorbal tits in such proportions as m«y benttt-rl up tho provincial debentures tfccv.'fl been Issued, or to Issue colonial exebange for thorn. The oparstion;!,® Is to extend over a period of tlirteyrH the currency of which holders of ptofel rlties may como In. The Intelli;f-B north Is Important. On the lOthul .tltB redoubt was surrounded by obout MSB of tho Urfvoras nnd Ngallros. Thsit® at tho time gorrlsoned by (went,-:. Lieutenant Lawson, who ordmhnJ fired Into the Hau-heus, which fi:J: heard at the c-mp, Major St. reinforcement, promptly made Uie loli way to tho redoubt. Major Si I|: Sergeant Smith riding np la tin! latter had his horse shot uodtr bi:l the rebels, doubtless hearing the iruH militia, decamped to the bath, il blood were afterwards dbcarml I direction. There were no citcs'ihl side. The report of the murdtr sui of a man named Cannon, bet ween Whakatane, is Incorrect, that turned up at Tauranga. IIoauettaiH charged with murder before Mr. < Siturdny last, has made Ms escape. H ing 13 the latest/rom tbe Thames p'B specimen of the Kuruaul RecfsUme,| pUco of stone, loz. 8 Vint, ia weijlH button weighing figv. of gold. Mrl clined to tblnk that the jdec? ttacil fair sample of tho lot— some 3!b. iiH wbicb hod been forwarded to tbe .v.-B Herald. Tho bulk was aftenrj.-J, :B exactly 24oz. or 21b. of stone. T'Jj ;fl Mr. Beck's to be assayed, and il; :b given a button of gold wefghi'cg yB Omitting the odd grains, tho i.V. it.B 2!b. of quartz would give lor. ef jjH H 81b. of stone, or 280oz. to the lm. Kj Tho Ilornbrook Ragged Setw! iA'j will hold their annual mtcllog it fvCi hall this evening. Wo perceive l;iMA that the average attendance cf twelve schools now established b ;(7« '!; the estimated expenditure per m.:M ) lfis. Id., giving the cost per chilli Jpj LI 18s. 2Jtl. The pupils are write, and tho girls are iastriniu'EJ their needle ; habits of order cliBi are cultivated, and spiritual The committee believe that thexL'H considerable extension of their audited accounts show that tbe tho half-year cnd'ng 31st July, luH Is. 4d, and tha expenditure Ltd a balance in hand of L21 10s. 10J. Oa Wednesday a Chinese) up n nugget weighing 71b. Intl: Bromley. On Friday last a police son found tbo body of Sporo, on Thursday, In Corlo Bay, asbxtoH where tho nccldent occurred. fishing wleb Spcrosays thedec:»!.H havo waded to the shore ; but lib respond with the rumour that itd'H swim (wo miles to save Moistlf. the body was half out of tbe trousers and stocking9on, tbe reouH clothes having been found in lb> who was a steady, Industrious and six children. The Rev. T. F. Neville, cf narrow c-scapo from being drosrd'B ing tho Fitzroy River, oa tbc -J way to Belfast, His horse ai.' ths stream. A brldga over tbc required. In tho Portland district, last week was very opportune, vlously been reported thot tbeutbB commenced, was stoppod becsure cl supply of water. ' A number of gentlemen but erect buildings for educ:!to|1WB You Yangs, and have tutoriM funds. Tho Government bare application for a site, and tbe veyod and advertised for sole. t A Utile girl, the daughter Kororolt Creek, has lost her lowing painful circumstances:-" removed a pot of boiling wshr Ires placed It in tho centre of tbc u;0' for a tub. The child by dragging a cart, and wefe doing io. Sho struck been-' hack ibio it nnd became fi«d could not move. Her ecre?" M mother, who with difficulty « ' H child from her dreadful P0? ! sent for, but on his arrival be - wore of a nature to preclude rcw . H In a few hour.?. . _ ..:H| John Ah King, a Chine- ? Ballaarat on Friday eretWM loitering shout in front of - ), atoro dealer In Bridge strce , ho went Into the place undo _ keys of J1 liner's and Chubb Between 12 and 1 o'cl«: k B Ing a beautiful lunar rata Geelong. Tho reflection which would be produced by J The place of entert«toj»« O'Hallorau's Music-hall bi> """Tnlerlor h concerned ; and tlio entcr- tir »B h|ci, is pro-tided now 1? of a rory im« ,(lD(| nn,l well pulled to these who crtdl" . (nj 0f enter tnlnraent to thot of lira prefer t<13 ci||£( t|10 City Theatre nnd tbe?'"'-,, Wu.;!C' Theatre Roy81 wns "0W(led on Saturday Mr Montgomery appeared in two of alg< wmiite characters— Shylock nod the Duke n»Ing to tbo length of thopcrformanco A""1,' hod to bo fllghlly reduced, In order b0'? t ontertaioment mlghtbe concluded within , tba ' ' Wa time. This evening Mr. Montgo- 8 . Is to appear na V irglnlus. " « ilomeo and Juliet" was produced at tho ket Theatre on Saturday night, for the Hw" 0f sffoidlnu Mhe Kate Benin an oppor- f hvof appearing In the character of Itnmco. cannot psy that wo were altogolbor pleased Ke rendering of tho part. Misa Denln cinlr tr'vo an Intelligent reading, and was miclently vivacious In her acting; but after all, 0 was an artificial and metallic Bort of perfor- .ore Mto Denln also appeared to be alill Tigering from 0 1)0(1 col(1> whlcl) B«»tly fTcted he' Tolc0, Somo cf ,b8 Ecenes wore well sustained. Miss Louise Arnot lias 1 seen to tnneh better advantage than a Juliet, hut sho acquitted herself crcdlt- jjr. Rayner was about tho worst Mer- cuUowe have seen, and about tho most stagey rtnrcaenlattvo of that character who has ap- otatcl for Eom0 tlra0' Mr" Ho5kllls contentrd himself wi h toe small part of Tybalt. Mrs. Phillips made as much as she possibly could out of the Nurse, and was assisted In her endeavours . jjr. gui, who played Peler. The afterpiece Wjj " The Young W'dow," with Mr. Charles Young as Splash. Thoso who have never seen this excellent comedian as Splash had bettor take the first opportunity of doing bo. Miss Tilly Poil was tbo maid Lucy. This evening a new burluque, entitled Black- JSjeu fcusan, la to I,, produced for the first thne. Miss Kato DjhId Is to appear Susan. Tbo London l'ress kovo pronounced this Intest effort of Mr. Bur- nond es ono of the best burlesques written for many years. It Is so long now since we had anything of tho kind on tho Melbourne boarde, that a smartly -written nnd well-acted burlesque will be a refreshing novelty. The Varieties Theatre Comlqua was well filled on Saturday evening, and tho iiudlcnco appeared to be veiy well satisfied with the entertainment. The performance commenced with " The Little Savage ol Bagahot," in which Mrs. Walter Hill sustained tho part of Kite Dalrymplo very cre ditably. The burlesque of "Mszsppa" followed, In which tho leading members of tho company i sustained (ho principal characters. Mrzeppa I was played by Mr. George Simrns, who laboured I lirf to cmuse Lb audienco, -and received con- I slderable applause. Miss Laporte, who sus- taieed tho character of Olinska, Bang several Incidental songs very well. Count Premlslnu?, apparently a beau of tho time of Charles 1 1. I with a pair of Dundreary whiskers, wns per formed by Miss Florence Norman creditably ; and Drolinska fell to Mr. Walter Hill. The evor.ing's amusement concluded with the farce of 11 My Wife's Out." 