THE I'OliT CU11TJS ELECTION. Mb. Neii/s address was an extraordinary ad- dress ; — perhaps one of the most extraordin ary that was over delivered by any man who placed hitnsoll' bel'oro an enlightened audience to give uttoraned to opinions, and to request a constituency to return him to Parliament as their representative. Wo listened with a species of bewildered wonder, and ropeatodly asked ourselves .what it all meant ; and while wo condemned a man who could so gratuit ously aud wautonly insult tho good sense of his hearers, ivo could not help admiring aud envying that vast amount of insonsibility and c'ncok, which induced him. to uiako himself ridiculous — and that too with out any apparent cause. Why did Mr. Nmr, coino forward at all ? Was Mr. Palmer. de funct bodily and politically? Did ho think that the people ol Kockhatnplou aud Glad stone wore desirous of writing thomsolves down as asses in tho face of the country ? Did ho presume, for an instant, that they would stultify themselves so far as to kiek out tho member to-day tlioy elected but yos- tiordtty? Did he suppose that' they would prove themsolvus tools by saying they hail chosen the wrong man, and that they had overlooked the right one in Mr. Neil ? This would bo eondotnning our Memuer before ho was heard, aud confessing with a vengeance our own vacillation and utter want of the com monest discernment. Tho very moment a Northern Member, our Member, aeccptod office, and was elected to a position which would otnihle him to serve us, and that mate rially, did Mr. Nkll fancy that wc should at tempt to pull a Palmer down from that posi tion to put a Neil in his place ! ! ! and thus tacitly condemn our own actions — acknow ledge that wo did not want assistance — aud that all our outcries about wolf, wolf, were mere shams — and that no woll really existed. Until Thursday night we did not. conceive there was a man bold enough to come forward ou a public platform aud tell us' that lie belioved wo wero idiots, or that he entertained so poor nn opinion of our understandings, that he expected at his bidding we should cat ,oul- own words, condemn bur own acts, falsity our own arguments, by levelling what we had helped to build up, and by easting to tlio four winds everything like principle or political consistency. The electors of Eoekhamptou lie under a deep obligation to Mr.'NurL, whoso speech put us in , mind of some half-dozen glass beads strung- very far apart j there was no union, nor leather-edging, no attempt to argue or to roason, no why or wherefore. Tliero wero some few bald " I should support" and " 1' am m favor of," and nothing moro. Nothing was propounded, there wero certainly declarations, but mado in n loose aud uncon nected maimer, without being backed up by a shadow of an argument or the ghost ol a roa son. Wc do not condescend to criticise Mr. Neil's grammar, nor to, find fault with his origiuiil aud unique style of pronunciation of words of moro thau two syllables, but we would remind him that those eccentricities which provoke only a smile at a mixed meeting, would inevitably be welcomed with shouts of laughter in the Assembly, and wo have a stroug objection that our Member should bo tho established butt of tho House; and the acknowledged Merry Andrew of the reporters. The North now holds a respectable position in tho lTouso, a position it neveivbeld before, aud how low soever Mr. Neil may place us in the scale of reasoning creatures, wo aro lar from wishing to proceed from one extreme to the other; wo would rather' not be at the tail, as wc should be if he wero our Member, instead of at the bend, as wo are now Mr. Palmer represents us.' There was a wido dif ference between Alexander the Great and Alexander the coppersmith, but not wider thau between Mr. Palmer and Mr. Neil, Mr. Eitzsiaimons complained that tho North ern Mouthers were treated with contempt by the Macalisteh Government ; suppose Mr. Ni:ri. returned, what (would be his position if, after years of- unflinching opposition to Ah-. Macalisteh, tve should assist to lift him again into his old seat, which is hardly cool, and while the shadow of his coat tail has hardly vanished from tho floor of the House, aud that too before we had given one hour's trial to those wo welcomed in with shoutings and a pp la tidings. Mr. Neil must either think us mad or lie is mad himself. Had lie found wisdom, as the cock did . tho gem, and was desirous of proc-laiuiing it ; if lie wero a man of talent, position, political experience, influence, or anything beyond what he is, there might bo some oxcuse for the step he has taken, and we might pardon him ; but being what ho is, and proving what lie is, by his telling us that he is a better man than Mr. Palmer, wo can oiler nothing but profound contempt, and fail to recognise anything but a grand display of 'ignoranco and imper tinence. Dr. Johnson forgot ho had no chnirs in his attic, and never apologised to his visitors while tlioy stood listening to him. Mr. Neil with the same sublimo indifference to the want of furniture in his upper story, offered no apologies to his audience while tlioy stood and heard his execrable rubbish, Mr. Neil, -ivitli gigantic humility, said he did not pretend to be either a Gladstone or a Bright. We commend his modosty ; but what a pity it is that very small people will make such allu sions; they forget that their auditors cannot help drawing comparisons, aud in the instance beforo us, we say with Dogberry, it was a very "odorous" one. If Mr. Neil wanted pub licity in order to achieve greatness thereby, ho lias certainly chosen a very peculiar method to obtain his end. Ho has tnkon the wrong road and fallen into a ditch instead of arriving at tlio' Goldon Flooco; wo should adviso him to try back, cleanse himself, and endeavor to win csteora and a standing by becoming a hard working and modest man, content to whistle behind his plough, or to halloo his nags iuto the Btock-yard. Wo hold that Mr. Neil iias positively attempted tho committal of a crime. Thoro is a dirty baseness in tho whole affair reprehdnsiblo in the highest degree. Holms tried his best as tho agent of a parly to over turn a Ministry in whom the North at least pin. cos confidence, and whoso efforts may save tho country , ho has put his shoulder to tho Macalisteh wheel, aud dono lushest to bring back the old regime ; lie has struggled hard to arrest, if possiblo, tho business of tho Stale, when ovory moment is precious, and under tlio guise of patriotism, ho has proved himself tho l'oiiowornnd would-be supporterof a tyrannous, unjust, and incaptiblo party. Tho Gladstone folks have got the afl'air up as; a trade dodgo- Linked with his thousand failings is ono virtue, lie would show his gratitude to Macalisteh by becoming Ins tool ; ho has utterly dittnnod his doubtful charaetor for tho sake of his beile- fuotniv n.ml sacrificed his trood natno on tho altar of friendship. Gorgeous man ! The address mot with tho reception it doservod, it was listened to in ominous Btlcnce; no one condescended to approve or disapprove, save one pectilinrly constituted old goiitleman who, like my lady's page, is evcrmoro talking. When Mr. Unmaoic proposed Mr. Neil as a fit and proper person, &c.;, no ono could bo found to second him but this same old gentlo- mnn, a non-elcetor, ono Mr. Majoriuanics, who favored tho company with a long oration perfectly unnecessary, quite uncalled for, and which ns far as wo could gathor, had as much to do with the subject as it had to do with Prester John. Wo discovorod at last- that tho long array of words served but as an introduction to serious matters, viz., to make the public awnro that Mr. Majoriuanics -lmd been in tho Slave States and sundry othor places, and that ho onco had written a pamph let, which lie pulled out on Thurs day evening triumphantly from his pocket, as a substantial proof tlmt lie was. per fectly correct in all ho said, and that every body who had not written a pamphlet, stitched in it greon cover, wits a fool. Mr. Neil talked of our "llcaven-born Membor," and taxed Mr. Palmer with political cowtirdico in not coming forward like a man to contest tho election. J ust as f Mr. Palmer would condescend to taltesuch a stop. If tho Colonial Secretary thought it possiblo that tho electors could oust him for the snke of a Neil, we boliovo him to bo just tlio man to look on with supreme contempt, to lift his hat and to walk away with a polite good morning. But as for leaving his duties to enter into a contest — Bali! Mr. Palmer is already elected, he was returned but tho other day, and does his accepting power, and thereby making himself moro valuable to its, chango our political opinions or his ? Does it destroy our confidence or lessen liis will to servo us? But we have said enough, moro a great deal than the occasion warranted; tvhoa a man comes amongst us and deliberately insults us, he must anticibate that 'wo could not — would nor, put up with it calmly. We have but littlo of tho Quaker spirit in us. If any one smile us on the check wo do VI quietly offer the other. Wo hope Mr. Neill will return, to Gladstone with d wholesome idea of tho good sense of Koekhainp ton and of ' his own importance, and learn that obscurity is a very small evil; and furthor, that ho will not again place himself in a position to have .every feather plucked out of him by Mr. Alderman Paterson, who ill a very conciso and scientific manner left him as bald as a coote, and as rediculous ns tho poor daw stripped of his bor rowed plumes, We must add we wero sorry to see Mr. Dtctc in tho chair ; the posi tion was beneath him as a gentlemen, beneath hi in as a man of sense, and acutenoss, and beneath him as one, who only a few weeks sinco, commanded nearly half of tho votes of ltocklmmpton, nnd who wns within an ace of writing M.L.A. after his liatiio. Wo aro willing to beliovo that his good nature, perhaps his pity, got tho better of his judg ment. " " They Come, They Come." — Wo see by our filos that (luring tlio present week our nopulntion lins received tin accession of 500 pooplc — it littlo too lust on Die part of our Southern ndmircrs, wno bare hesi tated a littlo too lonb. When tho weather and soason wore propitious, wo couldn't inovo u man, but now that tho heat of summer is rapidly approaching, wo find tho South coming North. The rush — for it is, wo fear, assuming that shape, is not so much due to tho attrac tions of our gold-fields, as to the utter inability of a considerable portion of tlio labouring classes to : obtain work at their own prieo ; besides which' the fields aro always grocn 'afar oil'. Other causes also operate in our favour, such as tho unprecedented depresssion of trade, and the discontinuance inugroat measure of public works. In fact a largo body of pooplc lira getting forced up hore, who aro neither in cireumsliiuces nor stamina suited to a digge's life. Many of ihom ar rive without any means wliutsocvor, nnd in a state of ahioliito destitution. Now this class is not calculated to givo tho diggings n fair clianco, because nn immodinto return for their, labour is iuipcrativo. Tho ground must ho such its will return a daily yield, and that too from surfaoing, end, as water is not liberally distri buted over (lie various diggings, a largo portion of tho country which would no doubt turn ont auriferous if prospected, cannot be or is not triod, lor tho nbovo reason. Mon will uot hump untried dirt on Bpoo over milos of country, consequently much of tho ground that might pay will bo passed by. Mining, like most undertakings, requires ut hast some littlo capital to koep tho wolf if nothing olso from tho door ; and it is only too notorious that tho goncrnl ohm-actor of those ' who ara now pressing North litivo exactly what they stand tip in. Wo still counsel caution to our friends South, und g od as our diggings undoubtedly aro, would -.cmind tliom tlmt "all is not gold that glitters." Mon with families should be most onvotul beforo quit ting occupations not particularly romunorativo, nnd wait for a furl liar development of our mineral wealth Tlio reefs are just budding, and will open beforo very long. Should theso only ho modeiutoly successful, an immonso field for labour will ho brought into operation. Deep sinking can only bo said to huvo commenced, and though attended as yot with success, bus not boon prosecuted sufficiently long to warrant u definito opinion upon tho subject. Tlio noxt six months, but lot hol'orc, will dccido our futo— and whether or not wo deserve our goldon reputation. Our experience ot tho Victorian gold- fields lias prepared us for tho con flicting accounts which l-oaoh tho public car about tilt's placo and that plneo only yielding tho colour. There is no occupation on curth where the fickle jado Bortuno plays such pranks'nB in mining. Sorno mon sucucod where othors fail, and ns tho unsuccessful always form u largo class on any diggings, wo aro always in ' circulation. Our Soulhom neighbours would also do well to consider that us tho Darling Downs is gnuluully fulling into the hands of froo se lectors, that a large demand for farm labour must ns a natural eonscquoneo ensue, Tlio rale ut which we aro beginning to bo fed with immigrants gives us no time to digest thom. Tho-/ don't givo us suflicioat time botweon each meal. \Vo can absorb them, hut not all at onco. Racing. — A Blight oxcitomont was caueod in our sporting world, a very small ono, thinly populated, wit h very littlo pluck, by a race, which cauio oil' on tlio Course, on Tuesday afternoon, between Mr.M-Dermott's Bickaninny and a chesmit belonging to Mr. Nolan. Both nugs hud their admirers, and of courso baokors, although wo did not hear of any nmazing sums de- pending upon tho speed of oiglit legs, and whnt is of . no slight iinportanuo, tlio juckuyship of tho riders: Tlio Chesuut never had a olmiiee, Pickaninny jumped ' oil' with u loud, kept it, und cuiiio in uu easy winner by some tlirc.! or four lengths.- As it is not often wo huvo iv bit of u spurt of this nature, the borsomou on the ground, dotormin'od to huvo as muoli sport as pos sible, and a hack ruco, six entrances, wns knocked up in iv lew minutes. It wns a fair soramhliiig, holler skelter sort of a gallop, but Mr. ( Martin manngod to steer his nag ahead of tho ruck, and to land him in iv good winner. More Si-eel. — When tlio P. and 0. Company started tlio mails from Gallo to Australia, tho spcou- lation wub considered a vory risky otic, and mo littlo jealousy wns. provoked by tho monopoly of tlio lino. Sinco llton, howovor, a rival iih tho Panama l-outo has' booh iuuugurutod with only partial soecoss, aud now wo find a fresh uhtagonism in tlio slmpo of a proposal from somo London firms to run powerful sti-amoi's monthly front Plymouth to Melbourne. Tlio trip is guaranteed to bo dono in forty-two days, which will bo nbout eighteen days under tho timo of tho Great Untain, and sixteen under that of tlio Royal Charter, which latter vessol did tlio trip inflfty-oiglitdays. Tho distanco to ho accomplished is fully 14,OOU miles, which divided by forty-two, would givo a .speed of soino fourteen miles an hour nil tho way, und there are lew stoamors lime couiu oo urirou agatusc a strong westerly wind at snob a rato without rooking her to pieces. To sustain such a paco, tlio hulls' of tho stcumors would haro to bo constructed of onorinous strength, similar to tlio Holyhoad packet boats, tuid theso seldom last moro thau tliruo yours syrviuo. Tlio sea in tho Irish Channel, through wliiuh tho Ransheo of tlio class rolbrrod to forced her way, is perhaps about as heavy, if uot heavier, than any . othor likoly to ho oneouutnrcd after leaving tho Buy of Biscay. Wo see nothing very surprising ut tlio tiuio specified in which tho voyago is to bo made, and have vory littlo doubt that oro many yenrs huvo passed ovor our heads,' that tvvonty miles an hour will ho tho averogo paco of stoamors orery whore. Soionco advances with very different strides from what it did formerly. A thing is conceived, and eavried into - opera tion, vvhilo our forefathers would ltavo boon thinking about it. Kanakas.— Tho Clarence brought up 189 (tran shipped from the Oscar, lying in Brisbano linrbor) 'South Sou Islanders, jmtives of Tamni. Wo uttdor- dci-stivud that 80 of them uro ougiiged by a squattor on the Downs, -and 40 moro by a gentleman on the Brn-coo. A further number of 20 lauded from the bin-quo City of Melbourue, on Kriday, hut litis hatch hailed from tho Fiji Islands, and appear to us to ho of iiil'orior physiquo to those of tho New Hebrides. : Mouinish. — Our Correspondent says " Tho rush" now known as Nolan's Rush, is progressing very favorably; somo of tho claims uro turning out seven und eight dwts. l.o Die load, und it is firmly believed that u payable lead of gold will ho shortly discovered. Many attempts nro already being inudo to hit upon tlio right mark, and a few aro persevering with Die deep sinking, tlmt is to say those who have groat faith in the capabilities of tho Moviiiish. Nolan is behind tlio range, situated ut the hack of Hunter's Gnlly, and is exceedingly premising looking ground. Tho adjacent diggings near to tho Morinish now town are also going forwtu-d in a manner at which nobody can grumble. Tho population is eerlninly, nt present, not vory large, not oxcceding moro than ono hundred people,, and there is no trade worthy of notice. Charity. — There has always 'been a mania of giving In I lioso who don't want; why is it? Tlio Murray River steamor Cumberoona says the jttincr is tho bourcr from Albury, of an elegant case , iiddrosso.l to Her Majesty Queen Tieloi-ia, and containing a choice assortment of M. Fallon's famed Albury <vitio, consist ing of lteisling,- Sherry, Aiicnrot, and Tokay. Wo congratulate Mr. Fallon upon his loyalty, and upon his ability as nil advertiser, whilo at tho sinno timo wo would impress upon him tho fact, that wo aro particularly loud of good wiiio, and that our uddresB is fully sot forth nt tho bottom of the sixth column of tho fourth pivgo of our journal. Fashions. — Tlio Baron do Brisse, of gastronomic celebrity, has found an imitator in another department —Dint of la mode. A Baronno do Sparo now pub lishes daily in tho Journal da I'aris a menu de loilclle, in which ovory detail of a lady's dross according to the latest fashion is described. As this menu varies considerably from day to day, it must he dilfieult, ovon for a Pnrisiunno with unlimited moans, to dross rogu- .larly uccording to tho Baroness's programme, Tho following is tho oostumo reooimnendod by Die Baroness a day or two ago: — " Jupo Chime, 011 tall'otas Huviino, l-cloveo par dos neeuds Louis XIII., cointuro Rogont rompluqant lo corset, ensaquo ujustdo parcillo it la robe, clmpuuii lTavauo garni d'un fouillugo bruni, hottinos 011 veuu dord, talons Louis XV 