CURIOtfg,WILLS.... (Court Circular.) Some who, in life, would not,have giv£n a cnp pf water to a beggar, by their .'wills leave enormous' sums to charities to secure for themselves a soft of posthumouB admiration. Others allow not their resentments to sleep with them in the grave, but leave behind them wills that excite the bitterest feelings and animosities among tbe surviving relatives. Some wills are remarkable for their conciseness and perspicuity ; other for their unprecedented shapes and curious contents. One man provides for a college, another for a cat; one gives a legacy to provide bread and herrings for the poor in Lent,.- and gloves to the minister; while others provide for bull baiting, the welfare of maid servants, and the promotion of matrimony. JohnHodgehaskepthisname outof oblivion by giving twenty shillings a year to a poor man to go about the parish church of Trysail during sermou-time to keep people awake and dogs out of church. Henry Green, of Melbourne, Derbyshire, gave his property for providing green wais coats for four poor womeu every year, such waistcoats to be lined with green galloon late. In the same neighborhood, and inspired by a similar feeling, Thomas Gray provided grey waistcoats and grey coats. John Nicholson, stationer, London, was so attached to his family name, that the bulk of bis property was given in charity for tbe support and maintenance ofsuch poor persons in England as should appear to be of the name of Nicholson. David Martinett, of Calcutta, while giving directions to his executor, says:—" As for this fulsome carcass, having already seen enough of worldly pomp, I desire nothing relative to it to be done only its being stowed away in my old green chest to 6ave expenses." He then bequeathed to one man all the debts he owed, and to another his sincerity. A Lancashire gentleman, in the last century, having given hi* body to tbe worms of the family vault, bequeathed an ounce of modesty to the authors of the London Journal and Free Briton, giving as his redsons for the smallness of the legacy, that he was " convinced that an ounce will be found more than they'll ever make use of." Another testator, after having stated at great length in his will the number of obligations be was under, bequeathed to his benefactor ten thonsand —htre the leaf turned over, and the legatee, turnto the other side, found the legacy was ten thousand thanks. A testator, who evidently intended to thwart bis relations and be a benefactor to the lawyers, gave to certain persons " as many acres of land as shall be found equal to the area inclosed by' the centre of oscillation of the earth in a revolution round the sun, supposing the mean distance of the 6un twenty-one thousand six hundred semi-diameters of the earth from it." Sir Joseph Jekyll left his fortune to pay the National Debt. When Lord Mansfield heard of this he said : "Sir Joseph was a very good man and a good lawyer, but his bequest was a very foolish one, he might as well have attempted to stop tbe middle arch of Blackfriars bridge with his full-bottomed wig!" An uncle left in his will eleven silver spoons to his nephew, adding, " If I have not left the dozen, he knows the reason." The fact was, the nephew had some little time before stolen the twelfth spoon from tbe relative. Lord Pembroke gave " nothing to Lord Say, which legacy I give him because I know he will bestow it on the poor; and then, after giving equally peculiar legacies, when he finished with this " Item I give up tbe ghost." Dean Swift's character is exemplified in his will. Among other things be bequeathed to Mr. John G rat tan, of Clommethan, a silvt r box, " in which I desire the said John to keep the tobacco he usually cbewetli called pigtail." The celebrated Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough, left Pitt L10.000 for the " noble defence he had made for the support of the laws of England, and to prevent the ruin of his country." A similar bequest was not long since made to Mr. Disraeli. Others wrote their wills in verse, and, as a specimen, we will give that of William Jacket, of the parish of Islington, which was prored in 1787, when no witnesses were required to a will of personal estate :— I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my two loving sisters so dear The whole of my store, Which God's goodness has granted me here. And that none may prevent, This my will and in'.eat, Or occasion the least of law racket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm, sign, and sea]. This the act and deed of Will Jacket. Lord Clarendon had nothing to leave his daughter but his executor's kindness ; and Lord Nelson left neitbera will of real or personal estate behind him, although he bequeathed his adopted daughter to the benificence of his count y. Bacon left a will appointing six executors, but no property except his name and memory, which be be queatbed to " men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations, and the next age." Milton,s will was nuncupative—that is, by word of mouth, he being blind at the time he made it. Shakespeare's was made in regular form ; so was Byron's. Chatterton's will was a strange one, consisting of a mixture of levity, bitter satire, and actual despair announcing a purpose of self-destruction. Some wills contain a sort of autobiogrnphy of the testator, as well as his thoughts and opinions. Such was the will of Napoleon, which gave a handsome legacy to Chantillon, " who had as much right to assassinate that oligarchist, the Duke of Wellington, as the latter had to send me to perish on the rock at St. Helena." Such also was Sir William Petty's, which states with a certain amount of self pride, that at the foil age offifteen, I had obtained the Latin, French, and Greek tongues," and at twenty years of age, " had gotten up threescore*pounds with as much mathematics as any of my age were known to have." WHAT IS A SCOT—A Scot is the tertium aliquid between an Englishman and an Irishman. In his perfection he unites Teutonic solidity with Celtic dash ; prudence with passion ; industry with religious zeal; the whole seasoned with antiquarian and natural poetry and romance This, we say, is the ideal Scot—the Scot of Burns and Sir Walter ; and no nation ever reaches its ideal except in a few brilliant specimens. Alcibiades, Frederick Barbarossa, Bayard, Sir Philip Sydney—these are the typical men of races, and we don't expect to meet them every day in the streets, though the qualities combined in them are diffused in various degrees through their respective countrymen. So the typical Scot—a Cricliton in early times, a Marshal Keith or Sir Walter in modern—is rare. But he is the result of forces working through all his nation towards tbe production of a definite individuality; and the Scottish individuality, we say, ig best defined as an intermediate something between the English individuality and the Irish. It is a carious circumstance to be noted here that a Scotsman has to go for one half of his proper reputation to his old allies of the Continent; and for the other half to his comparatively new fellow-subjects of England. The Frenchman seeR little but hi- romantic the Englishman little but his prosaic side. To a Frenchman the Ecossais is rather a sentimental figure. He is the old soldier of fortune of the King's Guard ; the bon phihsophe of Joseph Scaliger; the man eager in argument and proud of blood, of Erasmus. The Frenchman thinks of the feudal men—the wandering scholars, the exiled Jacobites of the little kingdom. The Englishman has seen the soberer and -uglier side of tbe country: its needy, its toadying courtiers come to Batten on the fa-ter sonth; its keen, shrewd traders, painfully conscious of a good education, and anxious to pinch, save, and layby. The Frenchman's mi^^ is full of Quentin Durward; the Englishman of the sarcasms of Cleveland, Swift, Churchill, Macklin, Johnson, and Hazlitt. But pure trath belongs neither to romance nor to satire. Itjs found onlyby long reading and careful observation, and both will satisfy the inquirer, we venture to say, that the true Scot,' if rarely coming up to the -Scot of romance, is still less to be sought in the Scot of satire. He is solid, sagacious, sometimes grasping, not always a ileasant kind of man, but honest, humane, intel- and with a vein ofbumour entirely jectual, peculiar, and of very exquisite flavour .—The Coruhill. 