IIB AND I. (.From Once a Week ) I " Oandidly, do you believe in love at first eight, Amy." A young man asked the question, looking up from the novel he was reading. And a young girl, probably his cousin, blushed as she re- plied, " She did not know." I forget what else passed. They were fellow-travellers in a rail- way carriage Sly friend, Mrs. Murray, who was taking me to her homo, called my attention to some place of interest we were passing, and tho young man resumed his book. But the question recurred to me ; and as I leaned back in my corner I tried to answer it for myself, and to solve a little mystery that puzzled me. Three times had I met a gentleman, a handsome young man, tall, dark, and listless. We had never spoken, but his notice of me liad attracted my »ttention. At a ball ho followed me about, changed colour when our eyes met, but did not -,-- -Btitrtv'aii luuimuvvii/ur AW » tuuumu uv tiwu OUCH eu me almost out of countenanc3, yet gravely, almost respectfully. At a pic-nie- the last time I had seen him-ho was happy, laughing and talking, till ho saw mo, when his manner became constrained, and in a few minutes he left the party. There was a strange fasci- nation iu his large dark eyes, and I wondered if I should ever meet him again. Ile must have had some reason for noticing me so strangely, for I was not pretty. No, no ! It could not bo lovo at first sight, could it ? Wo arrived at tho Meadows late in the even- ing. Mrs. Murray introduced mo to her daughter Lydia, a lady some fifteen years older than myself. She was the only child at home. Mr. John was married, and had the rectory. George, tho eldest son, was travelling abroad. Mrs. Murray and my mother had been schuol frionds, hut had been separated for years, and BO were comparativo strangers till they met again in society, and Mis Murray asked mo to spend two or three -months with her in the country, to recruit my strength after the fatigue of a London season. The day after our arrival Lydia showed mc over the house and grounds. Harold, Mr. John's eldoat child, eight years old, carno with us. The conservatory door was locked. Miss Murray left us to fetch the key. Harold remained talking. " I shall have this horrid old place pulled down," ho said, pulling at some ivy that clustered rouûd tho turret. Ho looked at mc as though cxpeoting an answer, then resumed : " Pa says, if ho lus it he shan't stay at the church. He shall pull this down ; if ho don't, I shall." "But this is your uncle's place," said I. " My uncle ! Ho won't live long. My ma says uncle Oeorgo is a bad man-a wioked man. Don't you think ho is a wicked man?" " No," said I, though I knew nothing of him. " Little boys"-I began impressively ; but his aunt returned, and the conversation ended. " The place would bo very different if poor Oeorge wore boro," ouiJ Lyuî.i, amity. "Does he never live here ?" I inquirdd. Miss Murray lookod at me keenly. " Live here. No, never; he stays for a week or two sometimes." "Perhaps some day ho will marry aud settle." " Never !" said Lydia, stooping to pick a flower. " Have you not heard about him ?" " Heard what?" said I. "I shall not bo a raven, and tell you. You will learn soon enough." Harold WÍS standing in the doorway looking back at us. Ile had largo brown eyes, aud something in them made mo fancy I had seen him before, though I knew I had not. So thero was a secret in the family-some mystery about the eldest son. Perhaps I was wrong, but I did wish to lind it out ; indeed I did. I had been at tho Meadows nearly a month before an oppor- tunity occurred. Thon I paid a visit to the rectory, taking my work, that I might spend tho day there. Mrs Murray, I fancied, got tired of having,to entertain me, aud Lydia liked to have gomo time to herself. Mrs. John and I wore friends, so could speak freely to eaoh other. " Are you engaged ?" said Mrs. John. " No," said I, fancying sho alluded to an opal and diamond ring I always wore. " Some girls are, so young. How old aro you?" "Eighteen. Not so very young." " No, not so very young," said Mrs John meditatively. " I was only seventoen when I was engaged." " That was very young to marry." " Oh, I was moro than that when I married. Mamma could not boar tho idea-a second son, you know. It was not a good match then ; but I always said I would marry for love. Now they are pleased enough, for poor George is really nobody ; only ho kocps John out of the place at prosont. Eventually Harold must have tho estate. It is entailed." "But thuro is an elder brother?" said I. "To my husband ? Yes ; but since that affair of his he will never marry, and John comes next. Sad affair, that. I always pity poor George." Mrs. John said this very comfortably, in tho same way one pitieB a tradesman for having to reduce the price of his goods, while rejoicing in the op- portunity of buying them cheaply. " Is he very unhappy ?" As I said this I hated myself for asking it. I know if I had been right (as some would say, " commonly honest,") I should have declined to hear anything Lydia would not tell me. Like agoodoliild I should have said, " Thank you, I must not liston. He would not like it;" but " misère ! " as a French friend of mine used to exclaim, I am one of Eve's true daughtors, and the temptation was irresistible I yielded to curiosity. " Well, yeB :" said Mrs. John, " for the world is not charitable. Of course toe know the truth, and we don't really condemn him. But he takes it to heart (perhaps to conscience, and that is as bad), though it may bo a shadow, after all-it may be." Mrs. John emphasised the last three words, and her straight lips again made a correspond- ing "ao to the faint straight eyebrows that met over her nose, and disappeared behind the set curls arranged on either side of her face. " It is a pity ho should mind a shadow-" I spoke awkwardly, conscious of trespassing on a forbidden subject. Mrs. John looked up at mo. " I thought all the world knew his history," sho said; "quito romantio it is, and sad. You know ho was a surgeon. Before his father had this properly left him by his brother, the boys were brought up to professions. My husband to the church, to take this living. George chose to be a surgeon, so he became one, and clever, too, I believe-very clevor. Well, he had good ex- pectations, so was in a good deal of society ; and in the course of his practice met a young lady whom ho liked; in fact, fell in love with. I suppose she returned the affection, for they were engaged (this was boforp T wa» »»»iilea ) Well, Mino Oiiuscer, Colonel Chester's daughter, was rich, at least her father was rich, the estates were left by will in this way ; if Colonnl Ches- ter died without boys, but leaving a daughter might inherit ; but if there was, a son, all landed property was to go to the son, however young; and only some dower to bo paid to Miss Chester. An unlucky kind of arrangement was'nt it? Well, Colonel Chester had but this one daughter till he married again ; thon ho had one son. Well, that child was bom after George was engaged to Miss Chester ; and when it was a year or perhaps eighteen months old, it became ill-some childish illness, and-the child died." I echoed Mrs. John's interjection, " Well ?" Well, don't you seo? George had attended it.: was it not awkward ; George had never been a favorito with the colonel, and he became suspicious, and had his prescriptions looked at, and the matter judged by other physicians ; for Colonel Chester is an old man, and just mad at losing the child. They said it was right enough, quite right medical men always hang together, you know but the child had not died of any acute disease; it had died of an over-dose of medicine. It was, of course, the chemist's fault, but-you seo how it stands-awkward for poor George." "He could not help it," said I. " My dear, he was there three times a-day to see the child (and Miss Chester), and the child died'; the little child died. The world is not charitable !" "Nor aro you," thought I, but I only said " And Miss Chester ?" " Her father told George what he suspected of him. He, of ooursOj eave her un on the snot... I don't know wuits Dccamo orner, u-oorgo will never marry, impossible, but he wanders about like a ghost, and I do pity him. It was a great temptation for a young man without means. Ho hnd not succeeded to The Meadows then, you know. It was a great temptation. " A little child ?" said I. Mrs. John seemed surprised and half-alarmed at the distress I could not help feeling, so probably betraying; in justification of herself, she added : " It was very awkward for him very-and people will judge; and, my dear, the fact romains, whether it was the chemist or not," said Mrs John, bofore taking up her baby from the Bofa where it had been sleeping. "The fact remains," said Mrs. John, stroking baby's ruddy cheek and fat arm, " though babies live through a great deal, this little child died !" Two shadowB fell across tho window. Mrs. John had turned to tako her baby to the nursery, and did not observe them till sho was just leaving the room. Then she said-" Talk of an angel, and you are sure to seo its wings !" She stood in the doorway a moment, and nodded and smiled before closing the door and retiring Her husband entered the room by the window that opened to tho lawn. After him oarao another gentleman. I looked up, and recognised tho mysterious gentleman of tho concert, the ball, and the pic-nic. " Ah ! Miss Christenson !" said Mr. John ; "lot me introduce you to my brother George. This young lady is at your house, George, with your mother." Mr. Murray bowed, and his color changed as he watched rae collect my work and materials, and prepare to leavo tho room. " Pray don't lot mo frighten you away," he said. "I shall be home soon." They were such com- mon-place words, but my faco crimsoned, and I was glad when Mrs. John came in. She was smiling most affectionately, and appn^ntly ka«! forgotten the conversation that I would have given anything not to have shared. She noticed my confusion, but did not know I had met him before ; nor did sho notice that his hand trembled when at parting it touched minc, but it did. I knew now whoso eyes I hn<l recognised when I saw Harold. When 1 returned home, Mrs. Murray was expecting her son, for his man and luggage were tliero ali cady. "It is juit like him," said Lydia; he comes and goes liko Will o' the Wisp; perhaps you may induce him to stay a little longer this time" Again I blushed. "Did I -offend you, dear ?" said Lydia kindly, and she passed her arm around my shoul- ders, and we walked up and down the terrace together. "No," said I, "not in the least; if I influence Mr. Murray at all, it will be to drive him away." Then I told her of our meetings, but of course Ht was careful in what I said. "He is very strange and moody at times, my dear ; you must not notice him." In the evening ho came home, but ho was not strange or moody, and during the whole six weeks he stayed I found him rather the re- verse-pleasant, kind, considerate. He was always waiting on his mother, going about with Lydia, and rather avoiding me, still in a kind, gentlemanly way. So matters went on, till one evening I stood on the lawn with baby in my arms. It was a glorious sunset ; the brothers returned from their walk, and carne to my sido. Mr. George Murray had a rosebud in his band and held it to the child. The little thing laughed and talked at it in baby fashion, and stretched out her little hand to take it from him. Her hand touched his. Ho trembled, dropped the bud, and turned away. Mr. John was good natured, and, I bclievo, sinooroly fond of his brother ; ho took the child from my arms, smiled Bympathisingly at George, and ran into tho house to his wife, who had been spending tto ! whole day with us. Mr. George looked veiy handsome with the sunshine lurking in his soit glossy board, the rest of his face in deep ßhadov from tho broad brim of the folt hat ho won pressed eloso on his brow. I was sorry forhio, but I did not dare break tho silence, though >t was awkward, and wo were quite alone. We caine back to the house side by side ; as vo passed the drawing-room window wo heard MB. John's cold voice Bay precisely " Any one would think they were lovers !" He looked keenly in my face. I am afraid a ' blush was there. He passed on to the library ; and when I rose in the morning I heard that lo was gone. Lydia wasdistrossed and out of spirits. Wo wandered- together over the house aid grounds, and walked with Mrs. Murray to tie rectory, where she always spent tho first daystf George's absence. When wo returned, I won; with Lydia to her brother's room to put awaj the many pretty things she had arranged to wo come him when he came home. " Ho has not stayed so long for years," sak Lydia, as she disconsolately collected the pipct that had been left scattered on the side-table. " I can't think what sent him away BO suddenly, poor fellow !" I did not spoak ; I dared not tell Mrs John's remark thon. So I sat idly, looking from the window, and Lydia busied herself with the dres- sing table. Thero were some papers there, left all together just as thoy had all been ready to take. Mr. Georgo must have gone off in a burr) at last, and so have forgotten them. Lydia looked through thom listlessly, saying, " porbaps I must send them on." Suddenly her lund stopped turning tho crisp leaves, and an excla- mation burst forth from her lips. I rose and looked over her shoulder. In her hand she hold a small square paper, that might once havo boon a leaf in a sketch book. On it a girl's head bad been roughly drawn in rrnnml. Tho hair waved off H« impies, the eyes looked up ""»îuuaiy, pleadingly. The lips were slightly apart. Round tho throat a little ribbon was tied, and on the ribbon hung a locket. Beneath tho drawing the letters D. C. were written, and those two words "Kyrie Eleison." It was not an art'iBt's sketch ; it was the drawing of a hand that loved. Lydia hold up tho sketch and placed her finger on the looking-glass before us. Tho reflection was reproduced in the sketoh. I turned away, for it was my own reflection that I saw, and I was sorry to havo stumbled on another of his secrets. But my heart bounded, and a new life seemod to come to my soul. Lydia put lier arm round me and kissed me. " My dear, a red rose ; mind, a full, rich crimson rose, from the second standard in the large conservatory, and your long white dress." It was Lydia that spoke; she had como to bid mo good-bye for the afternoon. She was called from home, she said. I must excuse her and try to amuse myself. Á bright bloom was on her cheek, and sho looked quite young again, though she was dressed soberly in black, with only a violet ribbon to relieve it. Those delicious hours of solitude, if solitude it could be called. No, no ; it was life ! new life ! a happiness too great to realise-luxurious; a holy future, in sweet uncertainty and shadowy brightness. Ono figure, one face, in a thousand reflections, precluded the idea of solitude. I was accompanied by the futuro. The evening carno so quickly. I must dress for Lydia's return. Tho rose was plucked. I was fastening it into my hair when she carno softly to my room. She had been crying, though evidently she tried to compose herself. \- ."-My clear." sho said, drawing me down-*" ',ie sofa at nor siao; --'ao you tninu ~ wo aro responsible for tho evil we unconsciously bring on others ?" " Certainly not," said I, my mind going to George and his mistake. She leant her head on my shoulder, and a tear dropped on my hand as she whispered, " I have dono you a real wrong, I havo boon Judas to you, and betrayed you by a kiss !" I did not know myself or my weakness; actually I was ill. Mrs. Murray and Mrs. John thought I had taken a cold. Lydia know differently. She kept my secret and nursed me kindly. When I was recovering she told me it was Miss Chester's portrait I had seen ; D. C. was not Dora Christcnsen, but Delicia Chester. It was my resemblance to Miss Chester that had brought me so tuuoh notice from Mr. Murray. I hated myself for the mistake, and my hatred only increased the evil. For weeks I lay ill at The Meadows. Lydia would blame herself for showing me the portrait. But we both felt that there is a mystery in consequence-circumstanoe must follow circumstance. One link cannot bo sevored in tho chain of fate. And the weary days of illness and convalescence passed on ; and after a time my mother took me across the Channel to Dieppe. We wore on route for Geneva; but I was weak, and we waited at Dieppo for a few days to rest. We used to watch tho stcamors come in. It was the autumn, and thero were not a great many passengers. As tlio boat nearcd tho shore the day before we intended to leave, I recognised a pair of dark eyes looking up at me. Mr. Georgo Murray Was on board. I fainted. When I recovered, Lydia was bending over me, and though we were in an open carriage in the publio road, she kissed me as she said, " Silly girl !" Wo did not leave Dieppe that day. In tho ovcaing Lydia and I walked out together, to havo a chat, as sho said, about, old times; but that seemed soarcolj tier intention, for when wo wero alono together she was unusually silent. We wero on the pier. I sat down to rost, and Lydia, with some unintelligible excuse, loft mc. I leaned against the parapet, watching a boat como in. The tide was dead ahead-the wind only a cross wind, so the task of bringing lier in was not an easy one. It was only a lisuin<r boat; four men wero in it; each liad an oar; still, as thoy passed the crucifix at cither nid.', each raised his hat and signed the cross upon his breast, and seo mod to breath a prayer " Do they lose or gain by that act. ?" I started so when I heard the question. It was Mr. Murray who put it. " Thoy loso a wave," said I. " Is is a question." " They believe thoy gain. It may be super- stition ; still I think there is some rea'ity in their idea. The loss is a gain. The beat is a trifle longer in getting in; eaoh man is nearer to his home." I did not understand, for my brain was itupid, and I felt ashamed at seeing him again ; but ho said no more about the boat or tho men, (hough wo watohed them out of sight. Then ho sat down at my side. I felt his brown eyes on mo; but what passed next I can never write. It is only for him and me. The minutes pas3(d on, each bearing away a pain from my heart, He told mc he had come to Dieppe on purpose lo seo me, and with the remainder of his life aidea vor to banish the remembrance of the mstake that had oost him so much. And I coult only weep and weep till Lydia came back to pit his hand in mine, and asked if I would b her sister. It is all told now. A month after wi left Dieppe, and were married by special liconie, bo fore ho took me homo to The Meadows his wifo. Mrs. Murray was glad to wclcomo me, and have her eldest boy near her, happy-though Mr*. John was not so pleased as she might have been. And George and I talk freely of the past j and I, too, have learnt to sympathise in Miss Ches- ter's sorrow, when she wrote those two sad words beneath tho sketch Colonel Chester permitted him to make from hor a few days before her death. Some day I am lo travel and stop in Madeira, to visit the English cemetery and sec her gravo. Still ho carries the sketoh j but tho mystery is gone between us, and wo aro very strangely happy-Ho and I. Ho docs not tremble at my baby, though often I seo the little fingers twine round his ; indeed I think ho likes to feel the strange soft touch of baby's cheek against his M. B. 