THE PROTECTION MOVEMENT. [lOMMfXICATEI).] At a teiuou of our history when every interest is drooping, when the prosperity which had attended us for a considerable time is a thing of the past, it is not, perhaps, surprising that elibrts should be made to alleviate our position, and if possible restore to the community that measure of success wliich for the time being has departed from amongst us. It would be futile to deny that this is the case ; look where we will the evidences are clear to the meatiest e;tp;tci(y. The agri cultural, the pastoral, the mining in terests are all at ebb tide ; the revenue is said to be falling, money is scarce, trade is dull, employment diflk-ult to obtain, and general depression is the prevailing characteristic of the present moment. Doubtless various causes have con tributed to bring about this state of things, and chiefly those which from their nature were unavoidable ; and in so far as this was the case we may feel regret, but it is of that kind which is the neces sary consequence of misfortune, rather than the remor.se wliich follows from the conviction of wilful errors?. It would be too much to assert that wo are, as a community, wholly free from blame ; a state of prosperity is not without jits dangers. Extravagant habits, and a reckless system of obtaining and giving credit, have been carried to an extent — almost beyond the verge of honesty, and are now producing their natural fruit : and it mav be we shall have reason to be grateful for our experience, if it teach us to avoid, for the future, the rock on which we have struck, and wliich threatens to engulf us in the waters of adversity. We say then, that it is not surprising that efforts should be made to bring about a change for the better ; and while we are perfectly willing to listen to those who think they have discovered the remedy, we cannot but believe that the present movement in favor of protection is in direct opposition to improvement. One of the most plausible arguments used in favor of protection is, that by keeping our money in the country it would be available for circulation amongst the people, instead of being sent away to benefit others. Now, the answer to this is, that we send the money for something that we require, as being of more service to us than the money itself would be if retained. We extend its power for good, instead of limiting it ; in other words, its value is increased, in proportion to the value we obtain in exchange fur it, and whether we buy what we want on the spot, or whether we purchase elsewhere from those who are able to supply us, is immaterial so long as we get the highest value for our money. But the advocates of protection say — No. They contend that an article of home manufacture is better in the end for both parties ; that native industries can only in this way be established, and that in order to ensure their success, they must be relieved from the baneful influence of foreign competi tion. They will not go so far as to assert that their system is permanently neces sarv. They admit that its purpose is a temporary one, and that when once that purpose is served the system itself will cease to operate. But supposing all this were capable of proof (wliich we contend it is not) they ignore the most important fact, that the immediate effect of protection is to raise the price of any given article, and as a necessary consequence to restrict the purchasing power of the consumers. In support of this we need only refer to the iniquitous tax lately put upon bread by the Victorian Legislature, the imme diate effect of which was an increase of Id. in the price of the 4-lb. loaf, and this, too, when the leading journal of the protectionist party was saying — ' How to deal with our poor is a question which presses itself upon us with increasing urgency. Can we continue safely to rely upon voluntary benevolence, or must we resort to a poor-law ?' At the same time the Victorians are boasting of being ftblo to supply their own wuita in the matter of breadstuffs ! The ghost of Ebeuezer Eliot seems to haunt us as we write. Let us commend to the notice of our neighbors — only for the sake of their poor— a few lines of the Rhymer, written some 40 years ago — ' Make haste, slow rogues, prohibit trade, Prohibit honest gain, Turn all the good that God bath made To fear, ami hate, and pain ; Till beggars all, assassins all, All cannibals we be, And death shall have no funeral From shiplcss sea to sea.' Leaving, however, the Victorians to their folly, we turn again to the question — What benefit are we to derive from pro tection ? ' Increase of population,' an swer its advocates, who tell us that labor would be in such demand, and wages so liberally paid, that people would volun tarily Hock here, that our food producers would find an increasing market, and that they would thus obtain advanced prices instead of being compelled to sell at rates that hardly enable them to live. Now to this it may safely be replied that the iirst requisite to attract population, and especially voluntary popula tion, would be wanting, namclv, cheap means of subsistence. Whatever other advantages a colon v may possess, nothing will compensate for the absence of this. To induce population to come here freely, it is of the first importance that the cost of living should be inexpen sive, and as a protective policy would render this impossible, there is little to hope for from the anticipated increase in tho number of consumers. Again, it is alleged that free trade has been tried and found wanting, and that it is not simply a question of whether pro tection is an advantage in itself, but whether the latter is not more beneficial of the two. Now to this we entirely demur. Free trade lias never been tried in this province, although had we been possessed of either the courage or public spirit to make tho attempt we have been in a highly favorable posi tion for the experiment ; but we let the opportunity slip through our tinkers, and, like all lost opportunities, it will not readily return. It is true the ad valorem duties were abolished for a time, but they were restored for the express purpose of increasing the revenue, and not from the belief that they would be otherwise prolit able ; and even these duties have always been partial in their application, and obstructive ;is well as injurious to trade. Moreover, like all taxes on consumable commodities, they take much more out of the pockets of individuals than thev put into that of the Government. The importer must pa}* all these taxes in the first instance, and ho expects to be repaid with a profit. But it is said that protection is to benefit the working classes, in which we ought to include not only those who are to be em ployed in the manufacture of certain articles of general consumption, but all those who have, in fact, to earn their living by their labor, no matter what that labor may be. Well, if by in creasing tho cost of nearly every article that is necessary for the maintenance and comfort of a man's family, he will derive a benefit — it would appear that the 'pro tectionists are correct ; but until we are satisfied that such a change is desirable, we must withhold our assent from such opinions ; indeed, we are convinced that a change from cheapness to dearncss would 2-ress most heavily on tho largest class of the community. But there is a still stronger objection to urge against the notion that protection is to be the panacea for all the ills from which we sutler. It assumes that the Legislature is called upon to control par ticular branches of trade and methods of conducting business, a doctrine that lias been exploded ever since the days of Adam Smith, and is alike inapplicable to all communities, whether in their infancy or manhood. If the teachings of history are of any value — if the experience of the past is worthy of consideration — they both alike tell us plainly that legislative inter ference in all matters connected with trade or industry has a chilling and blighting tendency, and that they are never so prosperous as when left to run in their natural course free from arbitrary interference and artificial support. We conclude our remarks for the present with an extract from a speech delivered so far back as April, 1825), by Mr. Poulett Thomson, on the state of the silk trade, and wo onimond his words to the attention of our protectionist readers. They are as true now as they were when they were first uttered, and as applicable to South Australia as they were to England, and not less so when applied to any other branch of trade than that which called forth their first expression. He said, ' I maintain, without fear of con tradiction, that the very essence of com mercial and manufacturing industry is freedom from legislative interference and legislative protection. Attempt to assist its course by legislative enactments, by fostering care, you arrest its progress, you destroy its vigor. Unbind the shackles in which your unwise tenderness has con fined it, permit it to take unrestrained its own course, expose it to the whole some breezes of competition, you give it new life, you restore its former vigor. * * * * in ono single word lies the soul of industry — competition. The answer of the statesman and economist to his sovereign's enquiring what he could do to assist the industry of his kingdom was, ' Let it take its own way.' Such (said Mr. Thomson) is my prayer. Relieve us from the chains in which your indiscreet tenderness has shackled Us ; remove your oppressive protection ; give us the fair field we ask, and we demand no more.' 