HOW IT HAPPENED ; ok, the birth of the jackass. Scene — A very shady retreat in the neighbourhood of Philip Street, Messrs. M—p — n, F — s — r, B — dk — n, A — d — ms and R — y dis covered discussing soda and brandy and a recent number of Punch. M—p — n — Sold, miserably sold — what's worse, found out ; Oh ! how I wish the fellow had the gout, Whoe'er he be that wrote this wretched squib ; Oh ! may it twinge him — wring his every rib — Nip him to nothing — make him groan and grin, Kill him and eat him, 1 11 not care a pm. What — in my very hour of fancied joy, Punch all my own, my slave, my tool, my toy, The instrument to serve my private spite, And slander those I hadn't pluck to light ? When as I dreamt — ah ! fool to dream such rot, I'd but to lift a finger and the lot Of Punch men — aye, the whole confounded staff, Would choose for me their very choicest chaff, Their sharpest arrows shoot where'er I told — And now — ah ! sold, sold, miserably sold ! F—s — r — Your language, Mac is hardly parliamentary, I rather think the passage complimentary ; You wished to purchase Punch — it proves your sense To seek such an investment for your pence. M—p — n — Confound your impudence, — my pence — my pounds, My brains, my rest, my midnight oil ; why zounds, Have you forgotten all the pains I took— Pains shared, I grant it, nobly by my cook — My roasted turkeys, and my Roman ballads, My sparkling epigrams, and lobster salads, iMy weeds, my wit, both lavishly expended To win this friendship now so rudely ended ? Oh ! had I thought my hopes would thus be blasted I would have saved my pains, the Punch men fasted. A—d — ms — Ah ! ' ' Hoec olim meminisse juva- Bit," or translated for the sake of R — y, " It's pleasant thinking of digested suppers." But Mac, I've an idea, dry your scuppers, Let's have revenge — a glorious revenge Mighty as Mammoth — lasting as Stonehenge — The metaphors are strange, but if you speak Against them, F , I'll give you them in Greek. Are there no brains, do'st think, 'neath this broad brow ! Shall we for ever to this tyrant bow? This Punch that rules us with an iron rod, Must we for ever tremble at his nod ? Shall we submit to see our trust abused, A grinning public at our cost amused, And not return the mocking monster's blows, If possible with one, two, on the nose ? Beneath his lash still tamely must we lie And seem to laugh when we would rather cry. Is there no way to break our hateful chains, And drink a sweet revenge for all our pains ? Is there no way, no practicable plan ? There is — behold the method and the man — ( 'Brings fonvard R — y with a prospectus. ) Behold the benefactor of his race, His virtues all reflected in his face, The playful fancy, ready wit, all there, Imagination in his very hair, A manly mind, with stores of soundest sense, His only fault, too great a diffidence, Brilliant yet steady, sparkling yet profound, In short, the greatest wonder above ground. A man of men, of whom, like him of old, 'Tis said that all he touches turns to gold ; Not for himself — oh ! no, his noble ends That wouldn't serve, but purely for his friends, Not learned very, p'rhaps, in Greek or Latin, But useful knowledge wonderfully pat in ; For all the varied ills that may deject us, His one panacea a new prospectus. F — s — r — Well done, friend Walter, 'twould be hard to mend Your definition of your new found friend ; But as I somehow think we've met before, Perhaps 'twere quite as well to say no more. Something I've heard too of his — well, no matter ; The times were better tbeD and flats were fatter. What's done is done — the past we can't recall ; And then that blessed whitewash covers all. Proceed Edgardo — wave your magic wand, And win our sixpences, but mind — no bond. R—y— Your caution's needless : know I'm far above A bond of any kind — I work for love. Freely I give the best fruits of my brains — My taste, my skill, my literary pains. No man can say I ever earned a screw, And as I've done, so now I fain would do. The only humble recompense I seek — A paltry pittance of ten pounds a week. B — dk — n — Good gracious me, a fortune ! Why for that I'd throw up all my law briefs and grow fat. R — y ( smiling benignly) — I do not doubt it — yet it were a pity To tempt you from your Archbold and your Chitty. But I'm anticipating — let me say I, too, have trembled 'neath this monster's sway : I, too, have felt the all-envenomed dart, Winged like a Fury, pierce me to the heart. The scoff, the jibe, the bitter, biting squib — The mocking pun, and cruel pars, ad lib — All have been mine, as they are yours to-day, Until I hate the very name of R — y. Not often am I generously inclined, But "fellow feeling makes us wondrous kind And if to my proposal you say " done" — To hurl this grinning monster from his throne — Why then I'm yours — slave to your beck and call — Wit, learning, taste, prospectuses, and all. M—p — 71 — Come to my arms ! Not vainly A — d — s vaunted He'd found the very treasure that we wanted. But how to do 't ? The tussle will be bitter : That Punch is such a terribly hard hitter. R — y — Leave that to me, nor let base fears deject us ; Have we not here my ninety- ninth prospectus — Child of my brains — the last born of the series, Writ by a fertile pen that never wearies. (Aside) (Ha ! ha ! that's good — that thumping crammer's down — A "Devil" wrote it me for half -a- crown). This — launched to-morrow morning on the town — Will quickly drag our haughty rival down. How he will shrink as if he'd seen a ghost or A hungry dun, when he beholds our poster, Announcing grimly to his frightened gaze, A rival paper, and that paper R — y's. F — s — r — Something in that there may be, I confess ; " R — y's paper " well may frighten folks, I guess. I'll join for one, provided no remarks Are made upon my articles on Parkes. M—p — 71 — I for another, if yon will insert Each week six columns of my choicest dirt. A — d— s — I for a third — now Parkes prepare your hide, For darts the thickest skin can't turn aside. B — dk — n — I don't think I shall write, 'tis such a bore, But then you know I'm learned in the law ; It's very clear you'll want a law adviser, I'll be your man, you couldn't get a wiser. R—y— There yet remains one point that's very vital, A good deal will depend upon the title ; At choosing titles I've a happy knack, as At most things, so I say the Laughing Jackass ; I'm sure 'twill suit you, and it's ever best To speak the truth, sirs, even when you jest. M — p — n — First rate ! come gentlemen, now change your glasses, Thus do I christen all of you, jackasses, A noble brotherhood, whose mighty mission, To hurl the puny Punch from his position, Each man to gratify each grudge he owes, And wreak a safe revenge upon his foes, A solemn oath together let us swear, No worth to see, no character to spare, No deed to shrink from, so it brings us gain, No lie to stick at that gives others pain, But feeding foully on the fairest fame Live hated, feared, and worthy of our name. R — y Well, after that, we may as well begin, I'll find the brass if you will find the tin ; I think we've got our programme pretty pat, So gentlemen, oblige me — here's my hat. ( Goes round with the hat, and scene closes abruptly.) » 