GENERAL NEWS. Another serious and almost fatal wharf accident occurred on Friday night, at half-past 10 o'clock, to the fore-cabin steward of the Penola: He was attempting to hoard the steamer from the Company's Wharf, it being dark at the time. He missed his footing and fell into the water, striking his head violently against the rail of the bulwarks. Assistance was immediately rendered from on board the steamer, and after the poor fellow had been under water two minutes, he was got on board, when Dr. Forwood attended; nearly an hour elapsed before the patient regained conscious ness. It is to be hoped the by-laws now in course of preparation by the Port Corporation and Marine Board, to compel the proper light ing of the whatves, will soon be put in force. By the last English mail Mr. Robert Norman received a British Snider rifle, which we believe is the first which has arrived in the colony. It is an Enfield weapon converted into a breech- loading needle rifle, and is similar to those which the War Department has directed the British troops to be armed with. The cost of the rifle is not more than £5, and to persons who require a thoroughly reliable and efficient weapon the Snider patent is strongly recom mended. Mr. Norman will be happy to show the rifle to any persons who may take an interest in these matters. By a private letter, we learn that Dr. Campbell, the well-known and talented Con gregational minister, Editor of the Patriot and formerly of the British Standard, died on the morning of the 26th March, a few hours before the closing of the mail. We beg to direct attention to the letter of our Melbourne correspondent, which contains matter of much interest to this colony, and is altogether well worth reading. We believe no public despatches of im portance have been received by the Government by the last mail. There is nothing further about Judge Boothby; in fact, we do not expect anything further. The Home Government have told us to take our own course; and it will be the duty of the Government to act upon that ad vice, ,and adopt prompt, decisive, but calm and well-considered measures on the subject. We beg to remind our readers of the entertainment to be given on Monday evening in aid of the fund for the relief of the family of the late Sir. F. Sinnett. The attractiveness of the programme, and the charity of the cause, ought to ensure a very full house. On Tuesday evening next a grand pictorial drama of Milton's " Paradise Lost" will be opened in White's Rooms. The pictures are represented as exceedingly good, and have proved very attractive and instructive in the other colonies. It was reported last night, that the crime of sticking-up had broken out afresh. The following are the grounds for the rumor :— A man named William Alfred Robins, a butcher, gave information about 9 p.m. last evening at the Police-Office, that he was stopped on the road from the Britannia Hotel, Nor wood, to South- terrace, by two men masked. He loiocked one of them down and lost his silver- mounted whip, which is identifiable. The Supreme Court sat on Friday for several hours, engaged in Equity matters. His His Honor the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne were on the bench. The case of Buck v. Thomas, an action for specific performance of an alleged contract, was the principal case, and after having been argued the Court said they would consider judgment. The Court promised also to give written judgment in the case of Kelly v. Fuller at the next meeting. An important public meeting is con vened for Tuesday next, at the Burra Burra, in favor of railway extension to that township. After what we have so recently written on the subject, it is almost needless to add, that we wish the movement every possible success. By the last mail from the Far North there are sad complaints of want of rain. The weather was still dry at Oomberatana. At Outalpa, not only was there no rain, but none was expected. Lambing had commenced, but whether to destroy the lambs or not was a doubtful point. The sheep were very poor, and the ;advices generally were of a most despon ding character. A correspondent at Paratoo states that it is still very dry there. On Thursday evening last a most ver satile and amusing lecture was delivered at the Port by Mr. H. Shepherd Eosser (lately corre spondent and part editor of a West Australian newspaper), entitled " Voices of the Night," to a very large audience, who rarely laughed and enjoyed the witticisms and puns of the lecture, and great cheers were given. During the piece several good songs were introduced, and the whole affair went off with the greatest success. A meeting of the Hospital Committee of Management was held on Friday afternoon, May 10, when out of 23 applications for the office of matron that of Mrs. Bruister was, after careful consideration, accepted. The Committee had some difficulty in deciding between Mrs. Speed, of Glenelg, and Mrs. Bruister, but they ultimately gave their deci sion ih favor of the latter, on account of her extensive experience in public institutions in England. The shareholders of the Cartarpo Cobalt Mine met on Friday. It was resolved that the same he forthwith brought under the Com pany's Act, and authorised the immediate issue of the scrip. Mr. Joseph Harrison was ap pointed Secretary. We understand the mine is situated on the Booboorowrie Eun, west of the Burra. Several tons of the ore, of high percent age, have been raised, and are at once to he carted to Port Adelaide and there smelted under the patent of the Company, taken out in the names of Messrs. Thomas and Ey, in a fur nace of the Patent Copper Company which has been kindly placed at their disposal by Mr. Hamilton, the Manager of that Company. With reference to the objections that have been raised to the Panama steamers calling at St. Thomas's, we have been placed in posses sion of the following extract of a letter from the Secretary, dated, London, 1st February, 1867:—"It has been decided by the Directors of the Royal Mail Company that in future the transhipment from the main line to the inter colonial steamers, shall take place at one of the Virgin Islands, called Peteo, some distance to the north of St. Thomas's, where there is agood harbor, anditisaveryhealthyplace; thuspassen gersby ourroute will not betaken to St. Thomas's at all, nor will they go on board any vesssel going to or returning from that place. The Board are of opinion that this arrangement should be made public in New Zealand and Australia, in the most prominent manner, and that particular pains should b£ taken to con vince intending passengers that the cause of the danger has been wholly removed." "We have recently been shown the new stables and coaching premises of Mr. Richard George, lately the well-known proprietor of coaches on the Bay-road. The establishment is near the Rev. Mr. Maughan's church. There are stalls for 42 horses, and on an emergency about 60 could be accommodated. The build ings are of stone with an iron roof, and are substantial, lofty, and well ventilated, the ex perienced proprietor having all the modern belief in abundance of fresh air. Coach build ings, hay and harness rooms, are placed con veniently, and a chaffcntter to be worked by horsepower occupies a suitable position. The whole range of erections are in the form of a half square, and are constructed with a view to future additions that mil double the present accommodation. The height of the arched roof will allow a coach to drive under it. We under stand it is Mr. George's intention to start again shortly on the Bay-road, and probably he will place coaches on other lines. His business will also comprise livery, hire, and horsebreaking. The second of the autumn series of lec tures in connection with the South Australian Institute was delivered in the Reading-room, on Friday evening, May 10. The attendance was small, attributable doubtless to the counter attractions. Mr. Charles Todd occupied the chair, and introduced the Rev. John Gardner, who gave a veiy entertaining lecture on "Egypt and its Remains." In commencing he alluded to Egypt as haviug been one of the most wonderful countries under Heaven, and then proceeded to give a succint account of its history, and the superstitions, customs, &c.;, of its inhabitants; after which he confined his remarks to descriptions of the mag nificent ruins now existing, which he asserted proved in a marked and most convincing way ! the past glory of the country. Mr. O. K. Richardson proposed a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Gardner for his highly interesting and instructive lecture. Mr. James Bath seconded, and suggested that the rev. gentle man recite the well known piece entitled " An address to an Egyptian Mummy." The proposi tion was carried by acclamation, and it being evidently the desire of the meeting, the Rev. Mr. Gardiner rendered the recitation just named in a very excellent manner, and much to the delectation of the audience, who then dis persed. Miss Aitken gave the last of her special series of readings at White's Rooms, on Friday evening. The entertainment was under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, several members of whose family were present, and there was a crowded and respectable atten dance, every seat being occupied. The pro gramme was an excellent one, and included, besides one or two new pieces, Poe's beautiful poem "The Raven," and Tennyson's "May Queen," each of which was delivered in an admirable manner by Miss Aitken. "The Wonnerfu' Wean" was imperatively en cored, when "Young Lochinvar" was sub stituted, which was also loudly applauded. A reading from Dickens's " Bleak House " enti tled "TheDeath of Joe, the Crossing Sweeper," was given with touching pathos, and received with loud applause. A description of " Mansie Wauch's First and Last Yisit to the Play," with which the programme concluded, caused con siderable amusement. The Rev. Canon Russell occupied the chair, and in introducing the busi ness of the evening remarked that he was sure they all felt sorry that that was the last time Miss Aitken would appear before them ; but if ever she should return to Adelaide at some future time he had no doubt she would receive a hearty welcome. Mr. R. B. White. assisted much towards the entertainment, and filled up the intervals between the readings with appro priate pieces of music on the piano. To-night Miss Aitken will give an entertainment at mil lion prices. On Friday evening, May 10, " Hamlet' was produced at the Victoria Theatre, to a fair house. Any one with a spark of' veneration naturally feels some amount of nervousness at the prospect of seeing one of Shakespeare's plays on the colonial stage, but we are bound to say, that Hamlet in the hands of Mr. Rayner was represented in a natural and appropriate manner. Hamlet's own maxims respecting the stage have evidently been learned, marked, and inwardly digested by Mr. Rayner ; and the chivalrous, stern, acute, but unhappy prince was well rendered. The awful intuition with which he penetrated the mysteries attending his father's death, the searching look, and keen cutting inuendo, the madness —all the more terrible for the method that was in it — the recklessness with which he dared all, con scious of his own integrity and the crimes and wrongs he had to revenge, were vividly pro duced. In his ghost scenes the impression was not so satisfactory, for the audience of the Victoria Theatre are not calculated for those supernatural exhibitions. The pricking and jeer ingof Falstaff among the oaks would be a much more " palpable hit." We cannot avoid render ing our tribute of admiration to the effective and natural syle in which Hamlet's scenes with his mother were rendered. How admir ably were portrayed the conflicting emotions that agitated his breast; the lingering feeling of affection for his mother contending with the maddening suspicions, or rather belief, he had with respect to his great and good father's death, added to the loathing and hatred he felt towards the vile successor to his father's throne and bed. As Ophelia Mrs. Jackson acted admirably, in fact the wild melancholy of poor Ophelia was adapted exactly to Mrs. Jackson's forte. Miss L. Arnot" appeared to advantage a3 Horatio, the fast friend of Hamlet, and the display of affection was well rendered. The part of Laertes was taken by Mr. Morrison. Mr. Musgrave as Polonius diplomatised with dignity till his official career was cut short. Mr. Charles Young was amusing as the first gravedigger, whether conversing with Hamlet, or professing gravity. Trained in democracy, we must dismiss tlie King and Queen and the minor characters with saying that on the whole the performance was successful and afforded plea-' sure even to the most critical. The laughable ballet of " Mad as a March Hare" followed, and was much enjoyed. The pieces for to-night are " Ben the Boatswain " and "HandyAndy." 