Humors of the Day. AN AUTUMN SOLILOQUY, BY A TOPER. Fraser's Magazine for September. LEAVES have their time to fall, And so likewise have I: The reason, too, 's the same, Both comes of getting dry. Bnt here's the difference, 'twirt yYjjßand me, I fall more harder and more frequently. What is the key-note to good-breeding P— B natural. tPhk only blusterer from whom a brare maft will talc a blow is the wind. When does a boy begin bird- keeping?-' When he first sets np a(h)owl. The speaker who was " drawn out" measured eighteen inches more than before. Why is ■m alarm of fire in the night like a clothes-brush ?—Because it spoils the nap. The man who makes a business of raising pork for market may be said to lire by his pen. Evident. —With what material ought the* needle rifles to be loaded?— Gun-cotton of conree. The latest bon mot about Bismarck is, that his fate depended not upon a thread, bnt upon a needle. lisa ax. Query.—ls there any precedent fora good practitional farmer being styled one of the judges of the land ? An English lady advertises, " A piano for sale. by a lady about to cross the channel in an oak case with carved legs." A wao thus eulogizes his musical attain ments : " I know two tunes, the one is Auld Lang Syne, and the other isnt. I always mag the latter." " Well, what is it that causes the saltneu of the water of the ocean ?" inquired a teacher of a bright little bey. " The cod-fish," replied the little original. "Bob," saidyoungafellow ata fancy fair, "you are missing all the sights on this side." " Never mind, Bill," retorted Bob, "I'm sighting all the misses on the other." Comnnn-CABLB.—The difference between the cables of 1865 and 1866 is but slight. The latter has been successfully laid by per-sereranoe —the former was per-serer-ance lost. Bsfaibs Neatly Executed.—The perform ances of the needle-gun throw sewing-machines into the shade when we consider how many Austrians are men-dead by means of it. A Spare: or Ixtkixioence.—lt is proposed to give a banquet to those who have so ad mirably managed the Atlantio Cable. Of coarse they will have electric currents for their desert*. " Ip there is any body under the canister of heaven that I have in utter exoresence," says Mrs. Fartington, " it is the slander, going about like a boy constructor, circulating his calomel upon honest folks." A gentleman who was relating an accident he had met with at Cambridge from a fall, was asked by a surgeon if it was near the vertelrm that he had been hurt? "No, Sir," was the reply, "it was near the observatory." Thj editor who wrote his editorials with stolen chalk on the soles of his shoes, and went barefoot while the boys set np the copy, has purchased a ream of second-hand envelopes, and engaged a girl to turn them inside out. An irasciblo school-teacher asked a delinquent boy how he should flog him. "If you please, sir," said the boy, "on the Italian system, [that being the system of penmanship taught in the school] "the heavy strokes vpward and the down ones light." " Molly," said Joe Kelly's ghost; to his wife, " I'm in purgatory at this present moment," says he. " And what sort of a place is it ?" says she. " Fail," says he, "•tia a sort of a half-way house between you and heaven, and I stand it mighty aisy after leaving you." " According- to Milton, Ere kept silence in Eden to hear her husband talk," said a gentle man to a lady friend, and then added, in a melancholy tone, " Alas, there have been no Eves since." "Because there have been, no husbands worth listening to," was the quick retort. . ' In chemistry, the best way to separate two bodies is to introduce a third. The same holds true in other departments. To increase the distance between a pair of lovers, all that's required is to let little Willie walk into the "back parlor" with a lighted candle in his hand. A patent physician.—A certain Physician, at sea, made great use of sea water among his patients. Whatever disease came on, a dose of the nau-seating liquid was first thrown down. In process of time the doctor fell overboard. A great bustle "consequently ensued on board, in the midst of which the captain came up, and inquired the cause. "Oh, nothing, sir," answered a tar, " only the doctor has fallen into his medicine chest." An Oegan op " The Southebn Chivalry." —The Mobile Tribune thus referatoDr. Dostie, one of the gentlemen who were murdered on the platform at New Orlcanß :—" Let Dostde's skin be forthwith stripped from his body, stuffed and sold to Barnum—The proceeds to go to the Freedmen's Bureau and negro newspapers, to be used by them for the benefit of negroes who have no taste for work. Dostie's body will make good soap. Let him be boiled down, prepara tory to being distributed in bars to Yankee 'school marmß.' Delicious will be the kisses sipped by those angular females from ebony cheeks, late lathered with sweet-scented Dostie. Tenacity of Lipe in Lambs.—On the 24th August last, Mr. P. Plenderleith, of Marchlands, missed three half- bred lambs from his Btock. Search was made for the anima's in every direc tion ; and advertisement in the newspapers failing to bring any tidings of them, it was concluded the lambs had been stolen and made away with. On Friday last, however, the animals were discovered in a culvert or water pen at tho side of the turnpike-road which intersects the farm. Two of them were got out alive? though very weak, but the third had I evidently been dead for some time. The open ings of the culvert were grown over with grass and rushes, and there was a quntity of mud in it, so that it is difficult to conceive how the animals managed to force their way into such an uncomfortable prison. They had been in the culvert for twenty-one days, during which time they were without food of any kind.— Scotsman. Thb Westebn Mbn in America.—Those western men were rough; " so were their bars." They were returned frgm far migrations, whither women and children had not accompanied them. Their Western life was significantly reported by one of their number who, being at a theatre were a baby was crying, and the orchestra trying to drown its little voice, rose in the pit and exclaimed, " Stop them fiddles, and let the baby cry ; I haint heard such music thiß ten year!" They had left churches and catechisms behind them also. The Hon. Senator D. made a bet of ten dollars with the Hon. Judge L. that he could not repeat the Lord's Prayer. L. accepted the bet, and began thus— Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to Keep: If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take. " Hanged if I thought you knew it," said the senator, as he handed the triumphant judge the ten dollars. None of the bystanders seemed able to correct the matter. I remember very well, also, that the Governor of Texas said in his message for 1848, "In the beautiful words of Scripture, ' Now is the winter of our dis content made glorious summer,' &c.;" These results were more democratic then beautiful. It was, I fear, rather a disadvantage to a man in those for regions to have been educated, or, as the popular phrase ran, to have " rubbed his back against a college." Andy Johnson, now President, never got a3 much out of his sign board in Greenville —" A. Johnson, Tailot " — when it meant what it said, as afterwards when, having become a public man, he kept it up to point the masses to as a proof of bis origin and of his pride in it. When he was Governor of Tennessee he sent to the neighboring Governor of Kentucky a coat of his own making, which gained him so much applause that tho Kentuckian governor, who had been a blacksmith, returned a pres eelf.— 