HOME LETTERS. OUR L03TO0H LETTER. (FROM OtJR OWN COBRBSPONDHKT.) LONDON, AUG. 26. , The barrenness of desolation is upon Lon don as I write, and there ia no resting-place for the sole of one's foot, metaphysically speaking, although the town is empty-that is to bbj, there are not above two and a half million persons left in jt. The Frenchman talks of the trietenees of London during the foggy season of November ; but that is Para dise itself compared to the Sahara-like stagna tion «f the Wfcrt>end in August and Septem ber. The weather is fine-a great deal too fine-for not only are the streets and squares reservoirs of hot air, and the pavement as : blistering ointment to one's feet, but we have to pat up with the consciousness that our more fortunate follows (although not a whit more deserving) are enjoying the balmy sea breezes on board their yachts, picking off the grouse (though on a limited scale this year) on the glorious moors, or having the Montagne ? Husse down a Swiss glacier. Everybody is hot and sultiy (I was nearly saying eulky), and if it had not been for that awful'] thunder-storm the other night, which oooled.. , the air very, perceptibly, vre should have all beep in a condition to try those famous tem perature experiments in ovens. The London ;eeason of 1867 is dead and gone-after having , lived a flickering existenoe far beyond the usual allotted time. Thanks to our eastern . and continental visitors, it has been a brisk and a busy one, more especially in the latter portion, although, I think, in innate vitality it has been unsuccessful. People have been de pressed, either by politics or the money market, and there has been something of a spirit of rancour and general discomfort, while the licence of saying disagreeable things has been carried beyond the ordinary bounds of discretion. In Parliament there may haTe been reason for it-for the Reform Bill,' "qme ia rmgne veult,T has caused such an extraordinary muddle of parties, that it will take some time before the honourable members regain their usual suavity, or fairly understand what it is they have been talking about for so many months. " Quem Demi mdt perdere, print dementat." I' am afraid this process has been exercised on many of our best men lately, as a sort of preparation for «shooting Niagara," as Carlyle has it In the August number of Macmilla*. The, "after" to consist of the substitution of Beaks, MJL, for our present rightful authori ties. I hope that if any future Livy write this history of England from 1867 to 2000, he will not havs to use the phrase M Imperatore Bealsio." For my part, I would as soon be governed by Beales-e-bub. There is at all events this much to say for the House of Commons, that if they have gone mad on Beform, they have done some very useful work towards the end of the session. The Agricultural Gangs- and the Factory Extension Acts are trne acts of philanthropy, which will throw^the blessed shield of the state over thousands who suffer, unknown and unc&red; for. The Birmingham Chamber of Commerce is very wroth about the latter, on the ground that trade is in too ticklish a state to hare the labour market interfered with-in other words, that the Staffordshire ironmasters have not ground down the little ones sufficiently jet before being called to coder. The Companies Asc itis to be hoped, will do a great deal in rectifying all the mischief of the limited liability schemers, and will prevent the ulti mate rain of such widows and innocents as have as jet escaped the snare of the fowler if any bare. The railways, too, have been pat dn their ricketty legs once more, and the Lon don and Chatham and the Great Eastern hare qMvt £m»Ai>4 power pren them to see if thejr am be. honest and semsible for onoe in their tires. Idon't-tbink the former company Will again pat themselves inthie hands of any One great contractor, for I always notioethat When m ahining light fails, he creates more disaster than anybody else. It really is « cnelty to look «t the railway dividends. Here i* the Great Western, cm which more millions hare be^n lavished than on any oon <5em in tto lringdonvdecjaring tbjs quarter one eid ft quarter vper«enfcon the main line, and «beut 6s. on the ixMotm j *hfle tfae 8eath>Xastetn, '? with : its dtiormotn '.feiffl i^tei bfcen doubled iJup W] «|S»t MUOH s£ Ttsmvjf Jyfa>gidi<r framshesr inability of the ?psri^to'tatfr #hlt to do '::SUbi; t4ugMtflf,hJWdl»(J#. motto«Cav»t! ?^mft^«tais>ihs food efo<*' .. . mm, m4itJ« to bs hoped fcjuMlhiiftisMNfe #%fer4frhl» gjgjf, old iaiot." It oertainly was not pleasant news, but the indiscreet" and evident desires of the peer in question to have the reporter hung, drawn, and quartered, made the rest of the House think there might hare been Bome truth in the remark. But the Lower House bad nearly a week's eport with Whalley, who, I trust, will be allowed a seat in the Reformed Parliament, for he ia too amusing to be spared, end too silly to be hurtful. The more the House thinned, the more pugnacious got Whalley, until he culminated in a passage-at arms with the Speaker, who scarcely knew how to manage him, because the ordinary rules of common sense and deobrum fell from off his adversary like bullets from a rhinoceros. But Whalley's great feat was his sending a man round to sell the M Confessional Unmasked/* or, according to the Tomahavk, "ThePro minent Mind Unfolded," and then oomiog forward to defend his protege who was taken up under Lord Campbell's Act. For my part, I am inclined to beliere that he is a secret emissary of the Pope; at all events he is one of the paradoxes of man kind, just as Sheffield is a paradox amongst towns. Will anybody ia their sane minds be lieve that after all that is past the sawgrinders have met and protested against the odium that 'has been cast upon Broadhead (interesting victim) and his bodyguard of murderers, and declared that they have deserved well of their country. Broadhead, through his solicitor, (who must have been a nice man) had the inBolence to apply again for a licence for his public-house, which the magistrates, wonderful to relate, refused! After all, we must not be too hard on saw-grinders, when such men as Professor Beeely and Richard Gongreve back up their opinions with specious arguments. He latter has written a pamphlet complaining of the anonymous press and the way that it has attacked Broadhead, I don't beliere there is a single writer that would hesitate to denoonne him as unfit to live, and to put his name to the document, and it is one of the most grievous signs of the times to see a clever fr.an fite Congreve upholding a systeift which is worse than ThugiBm. Apropos of Sheffield, the murder season has commenced, and is rather brisk-some three or four are now on the stocks-one for shooting an ancle in Nor folk, another for tilling & wife and then burn ing her in Somersetshire, and a third for flipging a sweetheart down a coalpit in Glamorganshire, besides a good long list of ; minor ones, such as babies, which in these \ days scarcely count. The tailors on strike, or rather their representatives, have been convicted of conspiracy, and I hope it will put an end to their absurdities. On the principle of fair- play, I sincerely congratulate the masters, and indeed aC masters who have pluck enough, while allowing their men perfect latitude of opinion and individual action, to fight the matter out when it comes to interference j with the liberty of the subject. Talking of tailors ! reminds me that Sir William Mansfield hop ! got what is popularly termed the gtrty'eqft or | the stick in the shape of a rebuke from the*.' I Commander-in-Chief which I think he richly | deserved. There most be something very wrong in the Indian system - which allows an officer in command to take one - of his subordinates out of his proper sphere of duty and to give him the combined work of a farm bailiff and a butler to look after. The inoon sistent part of it is that after discharging the frpjKffj he puts him under arrest for a civil Poor Captain Jervis will appreciate the motto, "Letevery cobbler stick to his last." Well, I have spoken of * good lot of disagreeable subjects, let as eee how the few people still left in London manage to amuse themselves. To say truth, there is very little going on, except music, which it is never too hot to enjoy. . The Agricultural-ball is full every evening-it being the most airy phbe in London-and is still decorated and lighted up as it was during the Belgium visit. Mr. Buesell has assumed the b&ton; at Oorent Garden which was so long wielded by Jullien and of late by poor Alfred Melton, and if he does not fall uito the mistake of keeping his promenade concert* open too long, if likely to, do veiy well. Be baa ft. thoroughly food orchestra, and be has BottUini with his bjf ) rontra-beMO an& £ohn Strauss the younger i with Ins little fiddle. The fctfosr hasi the tarentella of dance music in him m ?tn>ng as I; bad bis father, conoerping whom Ijeraembflr a song-/ ^ ,, ^ .,.? . " JohnSfcrm*, Johpgtoww, -tmad, i Aitf b# is UMyJtoW»^*«l^"ni not iotoly toUCtu-JhiMi^ Wt ~ mC" WsMi/itfit' brim iabet^vtlM'a^ddte «Hhe month.^fter lur, wj £0*1 FortonuU^r 'ide'-UrJ ^Niilsoa took London lry rtorto, ana more. She sang cot* amore, wbicti *m w be wondered at considering she *« the main* stay of her husband's new cantata* " Ruth, which made its dibit on this oooasion. Not withstanding the ferrour and beauty of Madame Lind's singing, the verdiot of the audience was unfavourable. It is not gi*en to every man calling himself a musician to be able to write aa oratorio, and Herr Otto Goldecbmidt is no exoeption to this rule. In. a week or two we shall have Birmingham, which offers a splendid programme in her town-hall; and at Caermartheu the Welshmen are going to give a grand Eisteddfodd, look you, at which there will be a concert of good music, for even the Welsh have learnt by this time that their own language and their own music does not contain everything that is necessary for the refinement of mankind. There has not been much doing in theatricals of late, for the temperature at 80° is not a very great inducement to ait lor five hours in a gas stove. But if anything could reconcile one it would be Charles Mathews, who has been delighting the Olympic as Young Wild ing in "The Liar" and Mr. Puff in "The Critic." If anybody on this earth has dis covered the secret of perpetual youth and motion it must be Charles Mathews, for he positively looked younger than ever, and his "age musft be-I am afraid to Bay what, for he can't bave any birthdays, and he lied so coolly that it sent quite a refreshing chill down one's back. There has been a good deal of amusement caused by the amateur acting of a company of noble swells-such as Lord Arthur Clinton, Sir John Sebright, Marquis of Townsend, &c;,, who have been showing playgoers at the Holborn Amphitheatre how much better they can perform than professionals. Unfortu nately for themselves their discretion is as small aa their aoting, and they have drawn down upon them a storm of ridicule from all quarters, which I cannot think undeserved, for though amateur theatricals are well enough for charitable purposes, and at certain times and places, it is not fair to dispossess the hard working professional of hit regular seat for the purpose of gratifying their own vanity. The Queen has gone back to her beloved High lands, paying a visit on the way to the Duke and Duchess of Boxburgb, at Fiona Castle, near ELelso. It is singular that during all these many years she has never yet thought it worth while to stop on the journey northward to visit the land of Scott. The fioyal train is always fitted up with every possible con trivance to guard against accident; but not withstanding this care, it was very nearly coming to grief in a very aingalar way, by the simple fact that the Queen's carnage was discovered to be too high for the bridges on the Waverley line. It was the merest ohance in the world that the oversight was discovered at j Carlisle, before the train started. I am too i sorry to eee that there is some foundation for the Queen's reported ill-health, and that she suffers extremely from lassitude and prostra tion after the least exertion. Oar bonny Ptfixjess of Wales, too, is gone to Wiesbaden inHlie hopes of bringing back locomotion and strength, which, also, bave long been strangers to her. We had hoped that her appearance in the Park was the signal for discarding the crutches; but it is to be feared that the state of the joint does not yet allow tins. She and .her husband travel as Lord and Lady Renfrew -Lord Amberiey follows the fashion, and goes to America as Mr. Ambedey. I suppose be is going to take a leeaon from the Preaident, BO as to fit for the office when royalty is aMWvd in Great Britain. Apropos of which the Tomahawk, which is unpleasantly candid in saying what it thinks, had a cartoon of the crown being placed under a glass case, while the British lion was wistfully regarding its keeper, who was represented bj Mr. John Brown. .'Tistrue, 'tis pity-and pity 'tis 'tis trne"-but even the Tomahawk might con sider that there are some questions which had' better be left alone. Amongst one of the drliciffi of autumn dissipation; 4a that of the ArcbttologioaL Bocfofifls, which have broken oat in the most nmpant manner. Oaehas met At Hall, another-the British Arohseologi cal-r-at Ludlow, and the OMnbrian at Hereford, all very pleasant meetingvisdoletit wi& old foginew and freah air. The excarnoaaiao aw pleasant, andthe dinners food; and as to the ladies, they aever look 90 well aewbenthq^ are studying an " ology." Butjmly £anqy,the Ludlow .whaotogistahavrdiscowwdthat Milton, who is Mid to bare writte&Me; Com** in that fineoM oasile,fie?!e**w ,tim»> which j most be an awful Iblowto tlia bsUeverain that moat sta&aity;'ofpoeta. i anything mom pleasant ,|han' arahssoiogy-it bm . Jtae fl»TOW i «bfi«$ft, lfte ft tuttle of o«mtif i*MnrtT«o.#wr' i w*h it<-oo# of which ». the ooin« Hpt#fc4te*> immeasurably f SofdW^ Whaljidid 1 Hwoal^irt^A.li'aU toibotim* titeaaelrasi .oft, «ndU» iednaa»ioa about jthree tours'hard work England^vein tflrit, 'i'iafe'" * , .... Ml.. im AwirfwiwM, j»hw«ifuto ton* th«fc ia just where the shoe pinobs* their heads m worth cultivating so much ai their fingers, aba the; are consequently mere machines. Bj the way, Mr. D*sely, who is expiating his ingenuity in - breaking safes in foreign exile, has sent borne * plan of a new one, which he guarantees is perfectly burglar proof. This is verifying the * set a thief to ciitch a thief* with a vengeance. The literary world is dull, as it usually is at thitf time of the year, when authors and publishers fly from town as soon as possible. Bat there are two new magazines advertised-one, the ifeto Metropolitan, is under the wing of Mr. Trol lope, who, having finished11 The lost Chronicle of Basset," and exhausted all the bishops and deans, wishes some regular employment. It seems to be getting a point of honour now-a daya for every good writer to have his maga zine to edit, just as the knights of olden time bad their shield. . Where the readers come from is a mystery, but that is the publishers' look- out. The other little stranger is called Banter, and is a rival to Punch and lfeti. I fear there will not be many pickings left in that quarter. u The Last Days of the Prince CoDsort" is having a tremendous run, and has provoked numerous opinions-soma to the effect that the Queen, as a woman, never Shone in brighter colours than as editor of this work, while others consider that she has trenched into private life too much, and that ahe has rushed into print a little too hastily.' It must be remembered that she has not written the! book, but only edited it. It is said, however, that Her Majesty is going to publish her " Diary." For my part, I regret it, as I am a sufficient believer in the divinity of royally not to wish it to become common. We are promised the memoirs of the Arch* duke Maximilian-a subject which we shall all look forward to with'the very greatest interest. Whether it is the longing to get into fivsh air, I know not, bnt eomehow, books which tend that way seem more insinuating just now than' any other. There is a batch of books just come out which make one fell horribly un settled; they are, the "Alpine Journal," a book of enduring pleasure to Swiss pedestrians; " Murray's Handbook of Scotland/' redolent of heather and her rings; and "A Walking Tour ? Bound Ireland," in which the author has merged the charming country in his own grievances about fleas and over-boiled eggs; and Bayard Taylor's " Colorado"-a pleasant experience of a comparatively unknown country. Apropot of the Alps and fresh air, I must mention two proposals-one, which is in actual operation, is to supply ice to Paris from the Mer de Glace, the effect of which in the course of time will be. that some contractor will rent the Alps from the Swiss Government, and stick up notices of trespass; while the other is a plan to supply fresh air into London by means of great pipes, the air to be sold at so much per cubic foot. We mil our electri city, our light, and our water, and L don't see why we should not sell the sir as weU. I confess I do not know at which to be most surprised the universality of science, or the minuteness to which it is carried in the present day. For Mr. Wbitwortb, the engineer, announces that be has presented to the Kensington Museum ameasuripg-maehine which will measure a mil lionth part of an inch j while Nobert, the Prussian microscopist, engraves test glasses for micro* scopes so close together that 80,000 lines go into the space of an English inch. The deli* cate lines on some of the objects, suoh as diatomaee®, are separated from each other by the 60,000th part of an inch, while the finest lines engraved by Mr. Nobert are not more than the 100,000th part of an inch apart. I can see that the insecurity of the safety lamp for coal-mines baa been conclusively tested by the putting of the various lamps into condensed gases such as miners constantly meet with. No lamp stood the trial-some exploded in ten seconds, and even the Stephen son limp, to which a northern collier would trust his life, gave up the ghost, though at a longer duration than the others. It is evident, then, that science must set to work without a moment's delay, for it is no use l<yJ»ti«g when we find that the very preventives which we iniistupon are not prereutires at all. There is but lit tie' to chronicle in the sporting department, which has been less, full of inci dent than usual this month. Goodwood, generally the creamoTraoingfields,wasalmost beggarly in its sport. The weather was winterly, the vjsitore shivered, and the horses did not seem inclined to run. Vao&B; iron the Cup, bnt has since been disgracefully beaten at York by Achievement, soihatitu . very open question who wins the Leger. Lewes race; presented a rejnarkable novelty, that of the wbole fiejd bat two going the wjrOBg *ay, Bren Fordhafc, fwfca jsfcliewe* man, yielded to the temptation, ,aud Iget the woe thereby. Ithinfc thaiaquai&* have hsd the besfc of It lately, end Otoesseems to have been the headquslrterstrf most of the gaiety. Amongst the «ttmotiens there' %as tbe 2foftp*reil,9bufc was Barigated by its plucky w fpm jiew York to fcrnihaiopipn in iutd lt afrit have pui«led! M to^know bow to i»e* «aab . iutodmfette; " V»om» «ft tfa* Jmp* ; explalVwheriM'j ^ might hare feined something * /ni.> AA2- -- . * j 