aunt Metrites. LOST IN THE JUNGLE. LFmm Chambers'sJunmal.^ " Yon -were nigh lost to-day," said Vansten to me one night. " I don't know as any of j ns, birring the Kingman, would have found his way bask more cool an' clever than you did. It needs right-down pluck to keep the wits together when one's lost." " This was not the first time with me," I said ; " but I don't know that the experience becomes more agreeable by repetition." " There's no man could describe what it is to feel lost who hadn't tried it for himself," said Beasley. "I've been lost in a many | ways—once on the Texan prairie; once on the Pampas; twice on the gold mountains past Libertad; an' I'd blush to know how j mauy times on schnaps ; but I never were ] lost in greenwood yet, an,' thank God! for j that's an experience I kind o' don't seem to valoo. It's scaring enough when you can see yer way before an' behind, as on them lonely mountains of Chontales; but there's few would keep their senses twenty-four hours in the forest." " As to keeping one's senses, I don't I speak," said Vansten; " but I've kept my j life in for seventeen days behind Castillo j Viejo, an' in that time I hadn't a bite to eat, barring pinuela leaves an' 'pig-apples.' Seventeen days they tell me it were, an' no doubt their reckoning was right; I weren't | likely to be mindful. When I was gettin' spry agin, it somewliiles seemed to ha' been | ten years, an' somewhile3 only a few hours. I've heerd doctors say a man couldn't live more'n a week without food; but law bless yer ! them sumphs argue an' argue among themselves for years, going on what they call intarnal evidence an' sound reason, when they might have fixed the matter in a minute by asking us, who've made their i experiments willye nillye. I guess we four j here rouud this lire could pass most doctors ! a key or two they aren't likely to find about ! their parlours, not yet to discover by in tarxial evidence. I lived on pinuela pith an' pig-apples seventeen days, an.' the scientific folk in New York told me to my face it were downright impossible. Says the boss of them, 'Pinuela pith of no wild kind air cajiable of supportin' life by itself, an' of pig apples you say you could scarce find six in a ! day.' ' Tarnal thunder,* says I, ' I did it!' j * Must be mistaken, my goo I man; you must \ have been deceived.' ' Wal!' I said, ' I don't j mostly like to call a man bad in his own ! house, but if I was to meet you in an asylum I for incurable idiots, I should express no rude J astonishment.' ' An' if I were providen tially to encounter you,' said he grinning, 'arm in arm with the late Ananias and Sapphira his wife, I should call it quite a family party !' So 1 pitied him, an' left, for j he wur a poor little cuss to handle." " Wal 11 should a kind o' risen aginst the | notion myself, if I hadn't heard of it before," said Beasley. "You was the man was you ? There must he a likely pile of twist in your inside, if you lived on pinuelas for seventeen 1 days. But I've heard of that tale, an' you was the man ? I thought the ants had j gnawed your nose off. What's the stoiy f' "It's not mueli to tell," said Vansten, . after a long pull at the schnaps bottle, " but it were awful enough to feel. I was in iny first voyage, an' almost the earliest passage ' across Nicaragua. We embarked at Sew : York, some fifty of us, steamed toGreytewn, au' there chartered every bongo about the place to take us up the river. It was a ] reg'lar little fleet; an' a fine time we had as far as Castillo—the liveliest time ever I see. There was lashin'e of drink aboard, an' cards, an' some of 'em made a very pretty plunder going up. We were a wild lot, boys, that's a fact! Them was the days for advcxture on the Transit! It's lively now sometimes, but the San Juan is like the river of the New Jerusalem beside of what it once was. Half the party was afiars down in the horrors, an' the other half was | up in the same; from one minute to another, a man could not call his life his own ; every pistol was filed in the lock, so that it nigh I went off by looking at it! The lighting was right-down free ; we lost three men between | j Greytown and Castillo." " But was there no attempt to keep order? ! The natives must have suffered badly in ; those wild times," I asked. "The Greasers daren't say much now-: days, I guess, when the miners are on the j river, an' they were even higher- handed in the days before Walker. Besides, your high moral Queen of England undertook the police business of the San Juan at that time, an' a happy mess she made of it! There was one policeman at Greytown to keep order I among a thousand San Francisco rowdies, an' that lonely official was allurs down with fever. 'The English seemed to think their etarual Union Jack was a warrant to discount the millennium. No! no one meddled much with us in those days, an' I dont think we can fairly bluster now. Where's the man who shot those two brothers under the balcony of the Union Hotel, last trip ? You saw that murder only ten clays ago, an' I tell you the man as did it '11 be found in New York when the passengers are discharged J next month. We reached Castillo at sun down, an' Lay quiet all night at the foot of ! the rapids. lu the morning, the bonnos were hauled up ; but it was a long job, for one only could be taken at a time, an' that empty. We loafed about on the bank watching the boats, an' lending a hand now an' then ; but it was slow work, au' etarnal hot, so most of us soon fell to poker an' montc in the shade. I saw there was little chance of getting up for the next three hours, so I strolled off by myself, for I was young, an' ; new to the tropics, an' naturi kind o' in- j terested me. I'd walked half-an-bour maybe j through the bush, admiring the flowers, an' leaves, au' birds, when suddintly a tortus rabbit [armadillo] crossed in front of my track, feeding au' rooting about. He was nigh as big as a sheep, the heaviest sort, in fact, an' I'd heard what good eating such are; so I tho tght I d go back quietly, borrow a ritie, an' come for liim agin. "Accordingly, I turned in my track, an' slipped through the bush, mighty clever, as I thought, without scaring the cretur. Maybe j an hundred yards I'd got along, going as innocent as au addled egg, when suddintly I came to a big rubber-tree, scored about like a | corkscrew. ' Guess I didn't pass that before,' thought I, au' looked round. I tried right au' I tried left, but couldn't strike the trail, for there was no trail to strike .' I'd gone into that unpeopled forest as if there was roads an' sign-boards in it. 1 badn't blazed a tree nor taken sights, an' if ever a man deserved to be lost from right-down care lessness an' folly, I was that man. But it's an awful penalty to pav, Sir, for a bit of boyish stupidity. I wandered right an' left round the rubber-tree until them thoughts came in my mind, au' then my heart turned sickly. • Let's try back on the rabbit,' I said out loud, an' my voice sounded strange an' lonely in the hot stillness of the wood. So I . tried back. I went out, as I thought, on the trail I d come by; but after half-an-hour I'd ' not reached the glade. * Lost! lost!' kept buzzing in my ears ; an' I prayed. I fought to keep cool; but that was unpossible for a boy like me. After a while the mad fit came on, an I dashed through the bush shouting | an' raving till my throat bled. The sweat j poured down like a cold rain, an' I knew : my wits were going. Every instant I was down headlong, but I held on still, until the fit passed away, leaving me weak and help less. 'Good Lord!' I prayed then, 'let me get back to the rubber- tree.' Somehow the thought was in me I'd be saved if I could get to any spot I knew. More'n two hours I was creeping through the bush, an' at last, by simple chance, I reached the trunk, an' sat down there. "Lord! Lord! it were a lovely scene aroun L The day was just at noon, an' the straight snn-rays stook down through the leaves an' lift them up like gold. The flowers was out, such as could grow in that green ; twilight, ' foxgloves,' an' orchids, an' such ; j but the ferns an' the shrubs were more beau- j tiful than flowers. There was a tall tree-fern ] over against me, crowned with feathery j leaves, that shone transparent as green glass. On the other side was & wild banana, bearing a crimson mass of flowers. The climbing i moss fell as a pale waterfall from the tree tops, an' the long lianas hung down like | brown cords. One of them dropped just ] above my head, naked an' leafless, but at the tip of it glittered a crimson flower, like a jewel hanging from the sky. The air was so hot, an' green, an' still, except for a faint quiver which from time to time ran through the forest, that one might have thought the I world was dead, an' buried in those piles of leaves. While the stupid fit was on, I sat an' watched a little army of ants, each carry ing a round green leaf upraised as a flag, that hurried along their deep-worn road. A checker of sunlight fell on that brown path way, an' I mind well how the small creturs sparkled in crossing it. After a while, the dead hot stillness was broken by the chuckle an' Cloaking of two parrots that fluttered in a tree above me; but with a rustle of leaves they flew sleepily away. " I'd sat there maybe for an hour stupid an' unthinking, when suddintly the forest resounded with a deep roar, that started me afoot. I'd never heard a Congo's howl before, but Td no fear of that sound; the conscious ness of being lost had come back on me. Straight on I crashed through the hush, torn, bruised, an' falling, through marsh, an' creek, an' bamboo thicket, until exhaustion pulled me down once more. You see, Sir, I was very young in years, an' had. never before seen a forest bigger than a corn-patch. I'd just sense enough to know that one must die in the bush,, an' die an awful death, if left there ; bat how to find a way out, I had no more idee than any other boy city- born an' bred." From time to time I shouted as shrill as I could, but the deep hot alleys of the forest sucked in the sound; an' before sundown, I was too hoarse for calling. As night came on, I sank down stnpid again, an' so lay, not asleep but senseless. If a puma had found me then, he'd have had his supper cheap; but, thank Heaven, I never met one of them sneaking devils. When morning broke, I was faint an' sick with hunger, but for hours I was afeard to take the few fruits that lay round. Towards midday, always wandering, I found a bunch of yellow pig-apples growing on a vine ; they looked so nice that poison or no poison I gathered them all an' chawed them up. They're not bad eating, aren't pig apples, anywhere, bat to a starving man they do seem right-down good, I tell you. But there wasn't more than six or seven, an' the biggest not the size of a pigeon's egg, so they were soon over; an' all that day I found no more. Somehow, I never thought of being tracked, but only of getting back, an' of finding more apples. Once or twice I beard the sound of American rifles at a long distance, an' it almost killed me, for I couldn't make the boys hear. Towards dusk I found a bed of wild pines, an', pulling out their prickly leaves, I ate the pith. I can't say it were nice, but neither was I at that time. " On the second day I began to feel hunger right badly. At first it was a gnawing, weakly sense, less hard to bear because one felt helpless an' tired ; but after twenty-four hours not fever came on, an' I seemed so wild and strong to die. Of drink there was plenty of course, for the ground was all a swamp, an' besides, the water-vines was common enough. There's greater medicine, Sir, in those water-vines than all the doctors can make for you. If a man, sick to death with some diseases, will but come with me into the forest I'll send him out at the week's end better in health than if his dearest friend had just deceased. There's wonderful secrets in the woods, an' we have them pretty much to ourselves as yet, we who know them. Them seventeen days behind Castillo shook my health for five years after, but at least I left there all the sickness I took with me ; so I can't say it was all bad luck that time, seeing as I got out in the end. "Tie third day was dreadful bad for hunger. I bad a tearing an' refting inside, my sight was flaming an' dim by turns, an' pains twisted up at every joint. My bead was curiously clear all the while, except that sometimes I saw things in the wood as never was there; but that was mostly aSer the fourth day, when the pains left me from time to time. I guess hunger takes men very different. Some Fve known give in with forty-eight hours, an' lie down to die with no great suffering—ay, an' good-hearted ones, too. But your doctors stamp down their little walk, all gravelled an' boxed in, for eternal nature to take exercise op or down, an* if ever she steps over their little hedge into her own wide fields, my ! there's such a stampede among all -the little pro fessors. They told me in New York as no man could live ten days without food— there ! An' we know a score of men as has done so, an' don't make much gas abeut it neither. " It would take a week to go through all: the fancies I had, an' the strange figures that came before ine in the time I kept a sort of consciousness, for I was light-headed mostly. I seem to recollect meeting a big tiger, an' j looking liiin straight between his flaming eyes without a morsel of fear ; but he slunk off like a starved cat, an' you may guess I was an elegant extract so to scare a San Juan, jaguar. The thundering howl of congos, morning an' evening, is the mem'iy I mind j best of all that time. One day there was a j little mottled squirrel came an' sat in a great fern over against me, an' looked down into my face with eyes that seemed full of pity. Eh ! how I hated that little creature that j looked so lovingly at me. I crept nearer an' nearer to catch him, but he sprang away I like a bird, an' I was too weak even to curse, i Sometimes I fancied all my mates were with ! me, but all lost an' dying; sometimes we were on the river; an' there's one dream I mind well, for it came over an' over agin—a game at poker, in which one player cheated, an' I shot him. It had happened so on the river; but I wasn't playing, and it wasn't I that shot. If it had been, if I'd had any man's blood on my mind at that time, I'd have given in the very first week of the horror. My dreams awake an' asleep were always full of murder an' death somehow. Now there's a cause for that, I take it, somewhere in one's inside, for there's folks j who dream happy when their starving. " I suppose I gathered apples when they j could be found, an' chewed pinuelas even ! when'mad, for I kept on living. That I j wandered about, never resting in one place j than just to get strength for moving on again, I know, for it was one of the fancies that 1 must wander ever an' ever through j +1, j: i i . i the green dimness o' the bush, under the endlessitrees, until I died. Ah! it was au awful time. Sometimes it seemed as I had been lost for years ; an' then my meui'ry was racked with old stories of men finding their way out of a wood by some clever craft or other, but the tales was all muddled up with murders, an' old times, au' ghosts. 'Twould have been easy enough for a good woodsman to track out; an' maybe I might have done it myself, if I'd hidden my head at the first moment, an' thought it over quietly as you did to-day, Sir ; but I hadn't the exper'cnce —that's where it is I Exper'ence is better than a compass, any day. The creeks at which I drank—most likely all of them— would have led me to the .San Juan, where rd have been saved ; and in the days I had some strength an' reason, I might have followed them up an' down. For all those seventeen (lays I never tvere three miles from I Castillo, an' they found me at last within two hundred yards o' the fort. That would seem a queer story to home-staying folk, wouldn't it ? But a green hand might a'most starve to death in a patch of Sau Juan forest three hundred yards square. *' Of the last ten days in the bush I recol lect nothing at all, an' I'm thankful for it. For the auts foimd out my helplessness, an' the beetles, an' tbe flies ; only, thank God, the turkey-buzzards di«bi't come nigh me until the last minute. But when my body was found by the soldiers in going for grass, there was half a dozen of the horrid wretches ; waddling round with their leathery heads ' aside, and hopping each moment closer. An' another queer sign they found, which had maybe seared the birds—all round my body were the tracks of pumas, as thick as if they'd been daucing a considerable sight of fandango among themselves. Why they hadn't eat me, I can't think; for he's a cowardly brute, yer lion, an' it's sweet cake to him to find a man asleep or dying. j " Wal! I don't want to make yer ill, so I j won't describe the state my poor body was , in when they found it. I know I've always thought better of Greasers' pluck since them soldiers ventured to carry my carcase to the fort. The Lord have mercy on all sick j men in the jungle! Yon heard the ants had eaten my nose off. It weren't quite so j bad as that; but in an hour or two more j they'd a done it if the turkey-buzzards had let them. My finger-ends was eaten by j them, an' my ears ; an' as to the flies, a man ] might shudder at that tale, I think, even though he were bred for a city lawyer, and ; had merried young. It's a ghastly thing : to be eaten alive by insects, but never a man living was nearer to that end than I. "Ah!" said Frazer, _" the pumas 'd a, finished you off kerslash if you'd been fit to eat; an' it's a wonder them sneaking 1 vermin dida't track you out long since. I j mind once, on the Serebpiqui, being hunted ) by a puma for two days and nights. I knew he was trailing me, ready for a chance, ! but I couldn't get a sight of him all that time. But I squared it off in the end—I did so. How came the soldiers to find you, Vans ten ?" " They were prospecting for sacate for the commandant's mule, and came across me in the swamp. It's midnight past, boys, an' . Fm right-down sleepy. Good- night!" j 