MELBOURNE. ^rrto.M oun own coniiK8roNni:r>T.) Thursday, 28th March. The venue question in the Dnylesford arson case has nssumed important proportions involving as it docs to some extent the right of the subject and the powers of the Attorney-General as the representative of the home institution of the Grand Jury to some extent. To-day the case was again argued in the Supreme Court, Messr® Martlcy and Aspinall supporting the rule calling upon the Attorney-General to show cause why the trial of Patterson, Hartley, and Carringham should not take place at Castlemaine or Sandhurst. Mr C. A. Smyth showed cause, relying upon the affidavits of Thomas Walker, defective officer, which showed that a-fair trial could not be had in Castlemaine. Ilis Honor, the Chief Justice re ferred to the case of L;m», where the offence occurred at Ballaarat, and in spite of every pre ventive measure used the venue was changed to Melbourne. The Supreme Court, he observed, had jurisdiction throughout Victoria, and the Circuit Court jurisdiction could not oust that of the Supreme Court. Mr Martloy argued that a man ought to be tried locally, so as to have the benetitof his character, whereasin this casethe venue was to be changed upou the statement of Thomas Walker, that the prisoners were of such unim peachable character in their own locality that tho Crown would not have a ghost of a chance of a conviction there, and that therefore it would bo better to take them down to Melbourne where perhaps some of the jury might be shareholders in Insurance Companies and might be biassed by fear of future civil actions. Mr Martley arguetl that the Circuit Courts were Courts of record for the purpose of trying crime occurring in the dis trict, and surely his clients should not be punished for happening to have a reputation in the district, and to be deemed respectable " because he had some brothers who had been made J.P.'sof by tho present Minister of Justice, or some other, and were respectable in spite of that." If, he said, the Court could be persuaded by affidavits, or otherwise that Castlemaine was perjured and unfaithful to a man, surely that would not apply to Sandhurst. The change of venue was virtually taking away the right of challenge, as no one would know from his per sonal knowledge what where the hiasses of the jurymen called. Besides there was the injustice of making the prisoners bring down their seven teen witnesses and keeping them liero at a great expense. The Court, after retirement for delibera tion refused to make the rule absolute to change the venue, so the trial will therefore take place at the next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court in Melbourne on 15th April. The departure of Mr Lachlan Mackinnon on a visit to Europe was marked to-day by ii con siderable demonstration of good will. When it is considered that mail morning is the very busiest of the whole month amongst the mercantile com munity, it is a strong proof of the estimation in which a man is held to find some sixty or seventy of the leading men of business in the city coming together spontaneously to do him honor on the eve of his departure, and many, who could not meet him at Scott's Hotel, afterwards accompanied him to the Royal Mail Steamer to say their last adieus. ' The dfcjeuner at Scott's was a very agreeable nflair, sitting room could not be found for the whole of the guests. " The oldest in habitant," Mr Fawkner was in the chair, and Mr Ireland in tho .vice-chair. After the toasts of " The Queen" and " The Governor," Mr Fawkner feelingly proposed Mr Mackinnon's health, wishing him a prosperous voyage and a speedy return. He remarked that Mr Mackinnon had been twenty-four years in the colony, wa9 one of our first representatives in Sydney before separation, and had always used his influence and exertions in the promotion of constitutional government and all the material interests of the colony. The toast was drunk with great enthu siasm, enhanced by the manner in which a well known citizen and knight of the hammer led off the musical accompaniment. Mr Mackinnon made a brief but very judicious and feeling reply, after which Captain MacMahon proposed the health of Mrs Mackinnon,. and took the opportunity of making some further eulogistic remarks oh Mr Mackinnon's public career. Alter responding to this toast, Mr Mackinnon proposed the health of the venerable Chairman, which was duly acknowledged, and the party then escorted Mr Mackinnon to Sandridge. The decks of tliG Geelong were crowded with the friends of the departing colonists," and as" the finest of the P. and 0. fleet weighed anchor precisely at two o'clock the steam tug and other boats (guite a little fleet) drew of! with their numerous visitors, who gave a series of hearty cheers for their friends on board. The much-injured letter "H" was a few evenings since again the subject of some fun in the 'ouee. Mr Cope, in denouncing the Opposi tion, said, "I say they hare." Great laughter following, Mr Dyto rose in defence, and com plained that the interruption was " bunfair," and that " the lion member's grey ares should have protected him, 8cc." An arrangement had been made for a meeting of those interested in the extension ol the railways to the eastward to-day, at Menzie's Hotel. Messrs Hanna, M.L.A, and M'Kenna only, how ever, had entered an appearance up to two o'clock. I understand that the proposal is to carry the line out from about midway between Woodend and Kyneton toward a point about midway between Kilmore and M'lvor, touching Seymour and Longwood, and skirting the new diggings at or near Yea, about twenty-four miles ' from Seymour. Another new paper is to be Btarted—at Plea sant Creek, Stawell. The first issue is annouueed for Saturday. The main features of the Postal Conference report are, that there shall be three routes— Galle, Torres Straits, and Panama. The subsidy to be paid in the following ratio:—Victoria, L50.000; New South Wales, L50,000; New Zealand, L50,000; Queensland, L27,500; South Australia, L15,500; Tasmania, L4,000. i A very daring robbery was perpetrated yester day afternoon at the Sandridge Baths. Mr Drury, a gentleman residing at Kew (formerly of Bul larat), left his clothes in one of tho dressing rooms while bathing, and on coming up he found I himself minus a very valuable gold watch and appendages. An alarm was given, and in the box, or dressing room next to the one in which the robbery took place, a new hat, apparently but recently purchased from Mr Walworth, of Bourke-strect, was found. A person was also seen I by the sUtion master to take his seat in the train, being bareheaded r.t the time, (or Melbourne, and with this ciuu it is thought that the property may be recovered, as from the precipitation and want of caution in thus drawing observation to himself, he is evidently but a neophyte at larceny. Had he gono into the box on the other side of that oc cupied by Mr Drury, the thief might have got a much larger and easier negotiated booty in about L250 iu notes and cash, which a gentleman very incautiously left iu his clothes whilo bathing. The special case of The Queen v Dennis Murphy —convicted and sentenced to death for the mur der of O'Meara, at Bullarook, was before the Supreme Court to-day, but the argument was postponed till Tuesday next, when it will be de cided whether the verdict, and consequently the sentence, will stand. 