ENGLISHITEMS. - [FROM THE HOME SEWS.] oome people in Sheffield were sanguine enoneh w> believe that, after the recent disclosures tliore, Broadhead would find the place too hot for him. Hut Broadhead keeps a public-bonse, the Rnyal Ixeorge, which just now is thronged by curions customer.who drink his beer, and to whom he taltes without reserve concerning his share in b-ade outrages. Thus, what with "expenses" betore the Comtnission, and increased pains in bnsmess, murder will in BroadheadVcase be its own reward. To add to tbe attractions of the Royal George, that profound scoundrel Crookes th 11 c "N ahd a correspondent of the Mwffitld Telegraph, who seems to have been one of the morbidly curions visitors, retails some of the conversation which passed within the bar in his hearing. Assuming that there mtglit now be an attempt to break np Trade Unions, Crookes declared that this would not put an end to trade outrages :—"Where tbere has been one outrage before," said he, -'there will then be 50, Bnd there will be no one to snitch (peach) about it either. I think." he added, " I have done my little bit, but," said be cautiously, it ever I did owt at soart agean, I wnd line nobbody m it but mysen." Speaking of Linley, be denied that there was any murder :—" Linley did tiotdie until seven months after he wasshot, and for six months he was drinking and going to bad houses. He killed his sen, and then they said he wor murdered. Folks sav that murderers has summat on their moinds what tells em; but ha've nowt on moine. He niver wor murdered." Crooks spr.ke of Hallam with great contempt for "snitching," and does not agpear so have a high opinion of the Sheffield police, for he said " 1 chould do 30 (outrages) a neet and not be fahned out by them." And the two worthies condescended to joke about the premised .certificate of indemnity. As the evidence showed, Crookes is a bit of a sportsman, and it is interesting to know that he means to take put a game licence:—" If I get my cerificate, he said, "I shall have another. I mean to do a bit of shooting." Broadhead remarked. Well, Sam, 1 think we shall pull through somehow or other; but if thah cannot get a certificate to shoot, if anybody interferes with thee, thah must show them Overend's certificate." Twopence a day is added, from the 1st of April last, to the pay of privates and noncommissioned officers throughout the army, with the follotrig exceptions:—Hitherto tbe Life Guards have received 3d. per Say more than the Blues ; the royal warrant guards Id. additional pay-to the Life Guards and 4d- additional to the Blues, instead of a uniform addition of 2d. to all, as in the other branches of the service. The pay of all the regiments of household cavalry is thus equalised. An additional penny a day is given to all men who'shall have re-engaged after a limited term of service. The lady who gave Mr. Spurg»on £29,000 to erect an orphanage has since ordered her plate to be sold for the same object; and Mr. Spurgeon asserts that tbe donor has thereby "set an example to all believers who have surplus and unused gold and silver which ought to be put to better use than lying wrapped up in a box." " M follow Thee!" is the dingnation of a cartoon in a late number of the Tomahawk. It represents the Prince of Wales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George the IV., to whom the prince is saying, " I'll follow thee J" "The inference is obvious, and the publication of such a picture is surely a sign of the times ; for the Tomahawk (s*ys the Flaneiit in~the Star) is by no means 'a"low Radical paper.' It is another sign of the times, which will probably have been noticed by those whose inclination or whose duty prompts their attendance at public dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of enthusiasm, is now received with comparative coldness, the mention of the name of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sympathy and personal attachment. Qui vivra, verra." Baron Ferdinand deRotbschield, whose young wife died in childbirth a few mouths ago, has determined to found a hospital to her memory* Direct action to this end has already been taken ; and a site for the projected building has been purchased on the east side of Sonthwark-bridge-road. The establishment will be a lying-in hospital. It is the barons's intention to speud £10,000 on the building; the site costs probable much more. 