THE COMIC SHAKSPEARE. jfo. L—THE STORY or HAMLET. MR. HAMLET, junior, was born and cut his teeth in a place called Eisinore. During his early youth he passed through the various vicissitudes of toffee and marbles, and at length grew up to young man's estate, and was only remarkable for being rather flighty, and wearing a long black cloak and a cap with a black feather. His particular pal was one HORATIO, of whom more anon. He had other champions, as it is well known that BETTY, KBHBLE, MAOREADY, ANDERSON, BROOKE, FECHTER, and MONTGOMERY were continually taking his " part." Like most young men he had a father—a tip-top swell, who was in the habit of regularly taking an afternoon nap in the orchard, the last of which that he took so disagreed with him that he never got over it. As young HAMLET was particularly fond of his pa, he took the paternal loss so much to heart that he became regularly down in the mouth, refused his tucker, and declined his accustomed beer; cheroots lost their delight, his cutty was thrown aside, and he even neglected his wonted attendance at the skittle-alley. Not so his ina. Like a Danish " MASK TAPLEY," the widow determined to be jolly under any circumstances; and as her son had thx-own aside his " weeds," she resolved to throw aside hers also. As there were no laws in Denmark prohibiting ladies from wedding their deceased husbands' brothers, she exchanged the cypress for the orange blossom, and became the bride of her brother-in-law as soon as her first husband had been comfortably buried. This little family arrangement did not suit the views of the young swell, who was scarcely civil to his step- papa. One night when MARCELLUS, an officer in the Danish volunteer force (no doubt,Jlike all other volunteer officers, a major), was coming home from the orderly-room, he tumbled across HORATIO, and after having refreshed themselves with a nip of P.B., they had a chat about a ghost that was in the habit of taking a midnight stroll in that part of the city, when all of a sudden Mr. PHANTOM put in an appearance, and, metaphorically speaking, knocked the two young gentlemen into a cocked hat. Having in a measure recovered themselves, Mr. MARCELLUS tried to hit the ghost, but somehow or other could not manage it, the spirit being one too many for him, and on his remarking that "that cock would not fight," another cock began to crow, and the ghost vanished through a key-hole. While this was going on, HAMLET was with his stepfather and mother, this worthy couple trying their best to chaff him out of his despondency. Not effecting their object, they left him by himself, when he took occasion to inform no one in particular of his desire that his flesh, which hejconsidered was more solid than agreeable, should melt—no doubt by some boiling-down process, the secret of which has been lost, and not recovered by the Eev. DAVID BLAIR. He next informed the carpet (or green baize) of his mother's little delinquency, when the two young fellows who had been sparring with the ghost interrupted him, exclaiming " Ale to your lordship!" HAMLET politely declined, informing his visitors of his anti-malt proclivities, and also that he had recently joined a Danish Band of Hope, in which he was to play first fife. Presently they related their adventure with Mr. GHOST, and on HORATIO hinting that their spiritual acquaintance bore a greater resemblance to HAMLET'S defunct papa than chalk does to cheese, young HAMLET exclaimed, with more force than politeness, that "so 'elp his bob" he would form himself into a deputation, and wait upon the spirit. The others agreed to join in the lark, and they met at midnight for the purpose. They had scarcely got to the appointed spot when out stepped Mr. GHOST, got up regardless of expense in bright armour, borrowed, it is believed, for the occasion, from a Danish professor of waxworks and phrenology. HAMLET, without anybody hitting him, was struck all of a neap, and having recovered his scattered faculties (the reward paid for the recovery of which is not known), he addressed the ghost somewhat in the following manner:—" Well, old flick, what's your little game ? Just for the fun of the thing I'll call you by the name of my late papa." Either the ghost did not understand the emphatic language of the young gentleman, or he did not wish to commit himself, so he began beckoning to HAMLET to come away. This little move on the part of the ghost did not quite come up to the views of HORATIO AND CO., that firm firmly protesting against HAMLET being spirited away. Although not a phantom himself, HAMLET showed some spirit (what kind, or how much of it, is unknown) and broke away, rushing after the ghost sideways with his arms in the air, a species of locomotion even in these days admired by the gods. The ghost having conducted HAMLET to a quiet corner, told him a long story about the inconveniently warm climate in which he had to pass his days, the effects of which were only neutralised by the cool of the evening. He was next understood to say that he was the ghost of HAMLET'S defunct papa; and that HAMLET'S uncle had poured some poison into his ear through the kitchen funnel, when he was doing his usual postprandial snooze under the ribstone-pippin tree. The ghost urged HAMLET to play the deuce with his stepfather, and HAMLET promised like a man to do it. He then left the ghost, and returned to his friends. Mr. GHOST went back to the warm climate. In the domestic circle of HAMLET'S family there resided an elderly party called POLONIUS, one of the biggest old fools that ever existed. He wore long petticoats like the old woman he was, and walked about with a thin long stick, like an attenuated mop-handle. This venerable specimen of a father had two children—the first, a son, LAERTES ; and the other a daughter, named OPHELIA. Master LAERTES was sent off to Paris, with the paternal injunction to dress as expensively as he could, not to get into a row if he could avoid it, and generally to mind his peas and ques. Miss OPHELIA remained with her aged parent, and was directed to mind her eye with regard to HAMLET, who was sweet upon her. Miss O. having possessed the. good taste to eschew the Charybdis of chignons, and also to -avoid the Scylla of draggletail dresses, never to wear porkpie, turban, or other frights of hats, to abstain from follow-me-lads and other like abominations, was in consequence a regular duck, and might have in time been Mrs. HAMLET, if things had not gone altogether contrariwise. Just after the interview with the ghost, HAMLET became evidently cranky, and old POLONIUS considered it to be his duty to report that the young man had a tile loose. The youthful mania^i^.Mt'Boris of queer things, making his friends regret that ^etfiTq that there was not a X singular manner to /Miss'' OPHELIA, ancKt woman had to complpift to foei. v|bWabJ.^pai she had been subject^d^^Ms^M^arlg≻ got called a fishmonger ' neither POLONIUS nor s < in retailing flat-heads, sel their several lives. j^hjsjmins. in those days, and He behaved in a respectable young of the treatment out HAMLET, and Is a gross libel, as ever been engaged cod during either of 