W HE AND I. Ml ' Caii'lWIy, do you believe in love at firtt tflLimit Amy'' 9f A voting man asked the question, looking up Hftrom'tlic novel he was reading. And a young B&irl; probably liis cousin, blushed as she pSf' i,,,,) ' Slie did not know.' fflt 1 forget what else passed. . They were only Hfcllow-travellers in a rail way -carriage. My friend, E^Rlrs. Murray, who was taking ine to her hunie, ?Elled'iny attentiun to some |-lace of interest Bis book. . H But the question recurred to me ; and as I BLned back in my corner 1 tried to answer it Kr myself, and to solve a little mystery that ^Mizzled ine. j B Three times had I met 8 gentleman, a hand Kme young man, tall, dark, and listless. We ?ad never sjioken, but his notice of me had Ktraeted my attention. At a ball he followed Ke about, changed colour when our eyes met, Kt did not seek, an introduction. ? At a concert l-c had stared me almost out of Runtenance, ytt gravely, almost respectfully. ?At a i)ic-nic — the last time I had seen him — K was happy, laughiDg and talking till he saw He when his manner Cocaine constrained, and ' E few minutes he left the party. ?There was a strange fascination in his large ?vrk eyes, and I wondered if I should ever Ket him again. ?.He must have liad some reason for noticing He so strangely, for I was not pretty. No, HCl It could not be love at firct sight, could Me arrived at The Meadows late in the Hfcning. Mrs. Murray introduced me to her ?jugbter Lydia, a lady some fifteen years older ?a myself. She was the only child at ?Jiie. Mr. John was married, and had the ?ttory. George, the eldest son, was travelling Hpoad. Hftlrs. Murray and iuy mother had been ?tool-friends, but had been Separated for ?tira, and so were comparative strangers till ?fy met again in society, and Mrs. Murray ?ked mt to spend two or three months with ?tin the country, to recruit my strength after ?4 fatigue of a London season. HtThe day after our arrival Lydia showed me Her tbe house and grounds. Harold, Mr. ?tin's eldest child, eight years old, came with ?jftie conservatory door was locked. Miss Hhrray left us to fetch the key. Harold re Htined talking. Hf' I shall have this horrid old place pulled Hmn ! ' he said, pulling at some ivy that ?jstored round the turret. He looked at me ?though expecting an answer, then resumed : ?Pa says, it lie has it he shan't stay at the Hbrch. He shall pnll this down ; if Ae don't, ?hall.' Hj' Bat this is your uncle's place,' said I. HJ' My uncle 1 He won't live long. My ma ?s uncle George is a bad man— a wicked man. Hfn't you think he is a wicked man ? ' Hj' No ; ' sHid !, though I knew nothing of Hk ' Little boys—' I began impressively ; Ht his aunt returned, and the conversation ?ted. Hf The place would be very different if poor ?prge were here,' said Lydia, sadly. ?r Does he never live here T' I inquired. ?viss Murray looked at me keenly. 'Live Hfe ! No, never. Ho stays for a week or two ?betimes.' Hf Perhaps some day he will marry and ?tie.' Hf Never 1' said Lydia, stooping to pick a Brer. ' Have you not beard about him !' ?| Heard what ? ' said I. H| I shall not be a raven, and tell you. You ?S learn soon enough.' H&arold; was standing in the doorway looking Hk at us. He had large brown eyes, and Hjething in them made me fancy I had seen Hft before, though I knew I had not. ?Jo there was a secret in the family — some ?fetery about the eldest son. Perhaps I was Hfng, but I did 'wish to find it out ; indeed ? ?f had been at The Meadows nearly a month ?lire an opportunity occurred. Then 1 paid ??sit to the rectory, taking my work, that I Htht spend the day there. Mrs. Murray, I ?fcied gut tired of having to entertain me, and ?pa liked to have some time to herself, ?ftrs. John and I were friends, so could speak ?fly to each other. ?I Are you engaged T ' said Mrs. John. HjN»,' said I, fancying she alluded to an opal ?J diamond ring I always wore. ??Some girls are, so young. How old are HJ Eighteen. Not so very young.' Hf No, not so very young, said Mrs. John, HJitatively. 'I was only seventeen when 1 ?J engaged.' ?J Thit was very yonng to marry.' ?J Oh, I was more than that when I married. Hjnma could not bear the idea — a second son, ?J know. It was not a good match then ; but ?Jvays said I would marry for love. Now ?Jr are pleased enough ; for poor George is Hty nobody ; only be keeps John out of tbe Hfe at present Eventually Harold must HJb the estate. It is entailnd, ' HjBut there is an elder brother t ' said L ?tTo my husband f Yes ; but since that HBrof his he will never marry, and John ?*s next Sad affair, that ! 1 always pity HRGeorge.' ?K& John said this very comfortably, in the Hf way one pities a tradesman for having to ?Kce the price of his goods, while rejoicing in ?^opportunity of buying tucm. cheaply. ?Hi he very unhappy V' ?t I «ald this I hated myself for asking it I Hfr if I had been right (as some would say, ^?mmonly honest,') I should have declined ^?lear anything Lydia would not tell me. ?ft & good child I should have said, 'Thank ?E I must not listen. He would not like it'; ' ?f 'm&greS;' u a French friend of mine ?B to exclaim, I am one of Eve's true ?Ehten, and the temptation was irresistible. HElded to enriosity. ??Well, yes;' said Mrs. John, 'for the H#^ i- not charitable. Of course we know ??ruth, and we don't really condemn him. HB-*e takes it to heart (perhaps to conscience, ?Bthat is as bad), though it may be a shadow, Hf all— it may be.' ?Brs. John emphasised the last three words, ?flier straight lips again made a correspond ?fline to tbe bint straight eyebrows that ?M OTer her nose, and disappeared behind ??set curls arranged an either side of her face. ?B' is * pity lie should mind a shadow - - ' ?K'Poke awkwardly, conscious of trespassing ?B forbidden subject HB™- John looked tip at me. ' I thought ?Jthe world knew me history,' she said; ?jute romantic it is, and sad. You know he ?J * surgeon. Before his father had this pro ?tyleft him by his brother, the boys were ?fght up to professions.* My husband to the Hf^hto take this living. George choose to ?K surgeon, so he became one ; and clever, ?j I believe— very clever. Well, he had good ?Jactations, eo -was in a good deal of society ; ?f *n th« course of his practice met a young ?£ whom he liked ; in fact fell in love with. Hf ppo»e sne returned the affection, for they ?Jfe engaged (this was before 1 was married), ?ll, Miss Chester, Colonel Chester's daughter, ?» rich ; at least her father was rich ; the ?fetes were left by will in this way: if ?jonel Chester died without boys, but leaving ?auglter, that daughter might inherit ; but, ?here was a son, all landed propeity wu to ^^»o the eon, however ; and only some dower HN paid to Miss Chester. An unlucky kind ?^arrangement, wasn't it? Well, Colonel ?J»ter hid but tin's one daughter till he mar HP 'gain ; and then he had one km. WtU, ?f child was born after George was engaged HJ^isa Chester ; and when it wu a year, or ?naps eighteen mouths old, it became ill — ?be childish illness, and— (Ae diOd died.' H| echoed Mrs. John's interjection, ' Well?' m'WtUt don't you see, George had attended it; was it not awkward? (George had nwtr been ,i favourite with the Colonel, and he !-e- caniu su.-picii.us, and had his prescriptions lo.iked ar, and the nutter judged by otber physicians ; for Colonel Chester is an old man and just mad at looaing the child. Thny said it wag right ciioudi, quite right — medical nun always liaug together, you know — but the child had not died of any acute disease ; it had died of an over-dose of medicine. It was, of course, the chemist's fault, but— you sec how it stands — awkward for poor Gerirgc.1' 'He cohM not help it,' said I. ' My dear, he ivas there three times a-day to see the child (and Miss Chester), and the child died ; the little child died. The world is not charitable ! ' ' Nor are you,' thought I, but I only said, ' A nd M iss Chester ? ' ? 'Her father told George what he suspected of him. He, of course, gave her up on the ppot. I don't know what became of her. George will never marry, impombte ; but he wanders about like a ghost, and I do pity him. It was a great temptation for a young man without means. He had uot succeeded to The Meadows then, you know. It was a great temptatiou.' ' A little child ! ' said I. Mrs. Jobn Munay seemed surprised and half alarmed at the distress I cuuld not help feeling, bo probably betraying; in justification of her self, she added : ' It was very awkward for him — very — and penile will judge ; and, my dear, the fact remains, whether it was the che mist or not,' eaid Mrs. John, before taking up her baby from the sofa where it had been sleeping. ' The fact remains,' said Mrs. John, stroking baby's ruddy cheek and fat arm, ' though babies live through a great deal, iliin UUIe Mid died P Two shadows fell across the window. Mrs. John had turned to take her baby to the nur sery, and did nut observe them till she was just leaving the room. Then she oaid— ' Talk of an angel and you are sure to see its wings !' She Btood in the doorway a moment, and nodded and smiled before closing the door and retiring. Her husband entered the roum by the window that opened to the lawn. After him came nno ther gentleman. I looked up, and recognised the mysterious gentleman of the concert, the ball, and the pic-nic. ' Ah 1 Miss Christensen 1' said Mr. John ; 'let me introduce you to my brother George. This young lady is at your house, George, with your mother.' Mr. Murray buwed, and hiB colour changed as' he watched me cullect my work and mate rials, and prepare to leave the room. 'Pray, don't let roe frighten you away,' he said. ' I shall be home soon,' They Tvcre sach common-place words, but my face crimsoned, and I was glad when Mrs. John came iu. She was emiling most affec tionately, and apparently had forgotten the conversation that 1 would have given anything not to have shared. She noticed my confusion, but did not knuw I bad met him before ; nor did she notice that his hand trembled wben at parting it touched mine, but it did. I knew now whose eyes I bad recognised when I saw Harold. When I returned home, Mrs. Murray was expecting her son, for his man and luggage were there already. 'It is just like him,' said Lydia; 'he comes and goes like Will o' the Wisp ; perhaps you may induce him to stay a little longer this time.' Again I blushed. 'Did I offend you dear?' said Lydia kindly, and she passed her arm round my shoulders, and we walked up and down the terrace together. 'No,' said I, 'not in the least; if I in fluence Mr. Murray at all, it will be to drive him away.' Than I told ber of our meetings, liut of course I was careful in what I Baid. ' He is very strange and moody at times, my dear ; you must not notice him. In tbe evening he came home, hat he was not strange or moorly, and during the whole eix weeks Ue stayed i found him ratber the reverse — pleasant kind, considerate. He was always waiting on his nmtfaer, going about with Lydia, and rather avniding nie, still in a kind, gentle manly way, S - matters went on, till one evening I stood on the lawn with baby in my arms. It was a glorious sunset ; the brothers returned fiom tbeir walk, and came to my Bide. Mr. George Murray bad a rosebud iu his hands, and held it to tbe child. Tbe little thing laughed and talked at it in baby fashion, and stretched out her little hand to t&ke; it from him. Hm hand touched his. He trembled, dropped the bud, and turned away. Mr. John was good natured, and, I believe, sincerely fond of his brother; he took tbe child from my arms, smiled aympathisingly at Georee, and ran into the house to bia wife, who had been spending tbe whole day with us. Mr. George looked very handsome with tbe EunBhine lurking in his soft glossy -beard, the rest of his face in deep shadow from the broad brim of the felt that he wore close pressed on his brow. I was sorry for him, but i did not dare break the silence, though it y^as awkward, and we were quite ?lone. 'We came back to the house side by side) as we passed the drawing-room window we heard Mrs. John's cold voice say precisely,— ' Any one would think they were lovers I' He looked keenly in my face. I am afraid a blush was there. He passed on to the library ; and when I rose the next morning I heard that he was gone. ? Lydia was distressed and out of spirits. We wandered together over the house and grounds, and walked with Mrs. Murray to the rectory, where she always spent the first days of George's absence. When we returned, I went witU Lydia to her brothel's room to put away the many pretty things she had arranged to welcome him when he came home. ' He has nut stayed so JoDg for years,' said Lydia, as she disconsolately collected the pipes that had been left scattered on a side- table. ' I can't think what Bent him away again so suddenly, poor fellow I1' I did not speak ; I dared not tell her Mrs. Jobn's remark then. So I sat, idly looking from the wiudow, and Lydia busied herself with the dressing-table. There were eome ?wiiers there, left all together just as they had been sorted out to take. . Mr. George must have gone off in a hurry at last, and so have forgotten them. Lydia looked through them listlessly, saying, ' Perhaps I must seud them on?' Suddenly her band stopped turning tbe crisp leaves, ani an exclamation burst from her lips. I rose and looked over her shoulder. In her hand she lii-ld a inmll square paper, that might once have been a leaf iu a sketch-book. Ou it a girl's Ittad had been roughly drawn in pencil. 1'lte hair waved off the templet, the eyes looked up auxivnuly, pleadingly. Tlie lips were (lightly apart Round the tlirost a linle ribbon waft itad, aid en the ribbon bung » sm»U locket Beneath the drawing the letter* D. C. were written, and these two words, 'Kyrie Eleison.' It was not an artist's sketch ; it wat the drawing of a hand that lo'ed. Lydia lieid up the Bketcli, *nd placed her finner on the look ng-t-las« before us. The reflection vraj re produced in the sketch. I turned away, for it was my own refleclioli that I taw, ana I was surry to have stumbled on another of hit se crets. But my heart bounded, and a new life seemed to cume (o my soul. Lydia put her arm round me and kitted me. 'My dear, a red rose; mind, a full, rich crimson ro-e, from the second standard in tbe large conservatory, and your long white dre»i.' It wai Lydia that spoke ; she lind come to bid me R.ioJ-hye for the afternoon. Slit- wan called from liom--, fhf said. I -nust ex'-use hrr and try to amuse myself. A lirinht bloom. ir«« on her cheek; and she looked quite joung again, though alie ««i dressed soberly in hlack with only «. viottl ribbon to relieve it. Tturae deliciou* hours of solitude, if sulitude it could be railed! No.no; it was life 3 Dew life! a happiness loo jreav to realise — !»mm«OB ; * iioly future, in a swtet uncertainty and shadowy brigliio gs. One. figure, one face, in a thou sand r.flectionn, precluded Uie idea of tolituiie. Ivm companioned by the future, Tbe evening clinic, so ijmeldy. I must .Iriss for Lydia's re turn. The rose was plucked. 1 « as lWti-niii{.' it in my luir when jlie came softly to my room. She liad bei-n crying, tliougli evidently the tried to compose hiniscli; ' My dear, '' she Bui), drawing me down to the soiii at lur side ; ' do you think we are rc s|ionsille for ihe evil we unconsciously briug on 'Ceitainly not,' said I, my mind g'ing to George :i nd liis mistake. She h-nnt her head upon my shoulder, and a liar dropped on my hand, as she whisprred, 'I have done ;ou a real wrong. I liave been a Judas to you. and betrayed you by a kiss !' I did not know mysi-lf or my weakness ; actually I was ill. Mrs. Murray and Mr*. Jnhn thought I had taken cold, tydu knew difli-rentlr. She kept my secret Rnd nursed me kindly. When I was rtcorerinj* she told me it was Miss Chester's portrait 1 lind teen j U. C. was not flora Christensen, but Delicia Chester. It wns my resemblance to Miss Chester tbat had brought me «o much notice from Mr. Murray. I hated myself for the mis luki-, anil my krtred only increased the evil. For weeks I lay ill at The Meadows. Lydia would blame herselt fur showing me the jwrtrait. But we both felt that there is a niyBtery in sequence — circumstance must follow circumstance. One link cannot be severed in the chain of fate. And the weary days of ill ness and convalescence passed on j and after a time my mother took me aeross the Cnauntl to Dieppe. We were en route for Geneva; but I was weak, and we waited at Dieppe for a few days to rest. We OBt-d to v at eh the steamers come in. It was the autumn, and there were not a great many passenger*. As the boat nesred the shore the day before we intended to leave, I recognised a pair of dark eye« looking np at me. Mr. George Murray was on board. I fainted. Win n I recovered, Lydiu was (tend ing out me, and though we were in an open c.irriape in the public road, she kissed me as she said -. 'Silly girl!' We did not leave Dieppe that day. In Hie evening Lydia and I walked out together, to have a chtu, she said, about old times ; but that seemed scarcely lier intention, for when ire wore alone togevlicr she was unusually silenr, We were on the pier. I sat down to rest, and Lydia, wilh some unintelligible excuse left me. I leaned against the parapet, watching a boat come in. The tide was dend ahead ; the wind only cross wind, so the t»Bk of bringing her in was nut an easy one. It was only a fishing bont t four men were in it ; each had an uar ; still, as they passed the crucifix at either side, each raised his hat and signed the croas upon liis breast, and seemed to breathe a prayer. ' Do they lose or goin by tbat act?' X started so whin I henrd the question. It was Mr. Murray who put it. ' They lose a wave,' said I. ' It ia a ques tion.' 'They believe they gain. It may he super stition ; still I think tuere is eome reality in their idea. Tiie loss is a gain. The bunt is a trifle longer in getting in ; — cacli man is nearer to his home.' I did not understand, for my brain was stupid, »nd I felt athumed at tei-ing him again ; but he said no more about the boat or the men, tliougli we watched them out of sight. Then lie sat down at my side. - 1 felt his srown tyes on roe ; Vint what passed next I can reier write. It is only for him and me. The minutes passed on, each bearing away 4 pain froui my heart. He told me he liad come to Dieppe on purpose to sec me, and with lite remainder of his life endeavour to banish the remembrance of the mistake that had cost me so much. And I could only weep and weep, till Lj ilia came back 10 put bis hand in mine, »ud ask if I would be her sister. It is all told now. A month after, we left Dieppe ; and were married by special liccise before lie took me home to The Meadows his wile. Mrs. Murray was glad to welcome me, and have her eldest boy near her, happy— though Mrs. John was not so pleased us she might have been. And George and I talk lreely ot the pust : and I, too, hare learnt to sympathise in Miss Chester's sorrow, wben she wrote those two sad words beneath the sketch Colonel Chester permitted liita to make from dcr a few duj'B before tier death. Some day I &m; to travel, &n-i; stop ia Madeira (o visil tlie English cemetery and see her gr-vi-. Still liu curries llie sketch ; but tlie mystery is gone between us, and wu are very strangely Imppy— He mid i. He rioeB not iremWe at my buby, though often I sec the little fingers twine r..und iiia ; indeed, I think Ue likes to feel the strange soft touch of btthy'n cheek against his own. ? M. B. 