THEATRICAL. The Metropolitan Stace. DeaK Bell, — A new era in dramatic re presentations has been inaugurated by tho advent of Mr. Walter Montgomery, who has Btartled old playgoers, wedded to a system atic and unnatural mode, and delighted those enthusiastic students of Shakspere, who have hitherto derived more pleasure from tho quiet contemplation of tho beauties of 'Hamlet,' which perusal affords, rather than from the declamatory and meretricious personifications which many an actor of high repute has thought to bo the only true medium for tho interpretation of tho real character and pro clivities of tho melancholy Princo of Den mark. Wo havo been accustomed for many years to look upon tho representation of \bu_u.ju.~t'.. ri~va oo a Hnnv Jfi ±un whnt (might havo happened in the ordinary courflo of events in another planet We havo heard -the exquisitely poetical language delivered with 'pomp and circumstance,' and wo havo moro or less enjoyed tho different readings and derivations of our fa vourite actors, according to tho traditions handed down, almost from generation to generation, to both actors and audiences. Tho commentators on Shakspero havo been so numerous, so talented, and withal so opposed to each other as to tho construction' 01 cer tain passages which are found in his works, that almoBt every exponent of ,Shaksporo can find a justification of his own particular read ing of certain sentences, and many thousand folios havo been written, in argument on ono side and defenco on tho other, as to tho true meaning intended to bo conveyed by Shak spere. It seems almost incrediblo that, until 'within tho last few years, many great oritics and actors in London— men of oducation, refinement, and scholarly acquire ments — could havo spent their energios in finding precedents, and discussing tho moan ing of a few lines or sentences, and havo overlooked tho general and complote require ments for a perfect' representation of ono of tho most arduous characters over drawn by man living- or' dead. ' What benefit cau; tho public or ? tho drama derive by half a dozen men getting to loggerheads as to whether Shakspero meant ' iknow a hawk irom a nanosaw, or whether ho meant 'hernshaw,'or 'herons-pshaw.' If is in tho fierce discussion of theso trifling dif ferences of reading and construction that the really competent arbiters1 of tho-dramatib world appear to. have lost sight of tho really true interpretation of tho play as' a '.whole. : They seem to have, in 'common with tho actors, allied themselves to a certain stilted, but roootjriised stylo/of declamation, against which it would bo 'little short of sacrilegious to protest. I don't aspire to tho distinction of being a literary man my-' self, nor can I lay claim oven to having beon an ' onthusiastio student' of Shak spero, and I am, therefore, freo to admit1 that I onjoyod and appreciated very many performances of Ilainlot, coutenting myself with' criticising ? (amongst my friends) tho various excellencies and demerits of tho dif ferent performers ; but I had no notion that so originally and so truo a conception and interpretation of that extraordinary character would ever bo witnessed as that presonted by Mr. Walter Montgomery on Saturday last. His first entrance impressed tho auuienco very favourably. Ho has tho advantago of a woll-formod and graceful figure, and a some what massive and highly intellectual face— Napoleonic in its characteristics, with' un-. usually long hair, tho correctness of wearing which is vouched for by many reliable authorities. Tlio first act passed off without any very particular distiuctiveness from other performances of tho saino character. Thero was tho old conventional throwing off tho hat and cloak (which I always looked upon as unnecessary), but there was also a mode ration and calm reflectiveness:about it, whioh afforded an inkling of tho supremo excellence of tho actor in the subsequent portions of tho tragedy. Scene by scene, and act by act, did Mr. Montgomery onchain'tho wrapt atten tion of tho assembled thousands, upon whoso appreciative faculties tho wonderful origi nality of his impersonation created a fooling akin to amazed bowildorment, so utterly unused wero thoy to such a thoroughly in tellectual and undemonstrative reading. Dignified but affable, impassionod but not bombastic, loving but inoxorablo in his do termination to avengo his father's death, op pressed with a heavy sorrow, but not a hypochondriac ; theso aro tho characteristics of Mr, Montgomery's Hamlet. To epitomise all its oxcolloncies would fill a ^volume, to point out its apparent defects would bo a comparatively light task. Prominont amongst tho former etand tho oxtromoly natural and unaffected modo of Bpoeeh and gesture. Ho novor rants, and oven when' he approaches passionate declamation, as in the soliloquy following tho interview with the players, and again in tho grave scene with Laertes,' he, by the context^ show^'palpably.JioVjUtterly. foreign to.his^-jira'gmerit ? such' ;voda^ ' ocijen;'- tricities are.'^ Hig 'ilolirery of tho admoni tory lines to tho players was tho perfection .of quiet elocution; and tho despairing ex-' iiression which passes over his face when 10 thinks rOphclia is deceiving him, as to tho whereabouts of her father, speaks njntely, but-with intenso expression, of tho Srostration of his faculties, caused by tho ownfall' of. the aspirations ho had entcr 'taincd of tho purely ingenuous and incorrup tible Ophelia. Inatancos of similar grand and legitimate' effects aro innumerable throughout his performance, so with the contemplation of the excellence of the entire picture, it is superfluous to poiut out any special feature. With regard to the short comings, I may mention a tendency to ne glect certain recognised and well-studied 'business' which appear to bo omitted, moro from a desiro to avoid plagiarism, than from any real objection which could be en tered as to their correctness. As one in stanco I may refer to the scene with ltozen crantz and Guildenstcrn, where (speaking of his uncle) he says, 'Thoso who would make mouths at him while my father lived, givo 20, ?10, 50, an 100 ducats a-picco for his pic ture in little.' A very intelligent moan ing has been given to this passago by Hamlet contemptuously and pointedly referring to tho miniatures worn by the two courtiers, which point Mr, Montgomery passes over. This and other similar trivialities cannot, howevor, affect tho sujieremiucnco of . his performance, which, in my opinion, is tho finest I over saw. It seemed almost like a new play, and I sincerely hope it iB tho harbinger of many other illustrations, in a- similar light, of tho Englishman's demi-god, Shakspore. Tho remainder . of tho characters %vofd pourtrayed -with unusual ability, from tho ICing down to Bernardo. Messrs. Vincent and Lambort, as Claudius and his 'chief' secrotary,' are known to bo tho best; ox-: ponents of thoso parts wo havo had in Melbourne. Mr. Harwood showed his uso-j fulness by making a steady, well-conducted ghost, and Mr. C. Hall's Laertes, though good, would bo much bettor if ho would give up tho extraordinary gait ho assumes on entering in tho fourth act, something between a callonado and a run. The Ber nardo, . Marcollus, Roscncrantz, and Co. wero in tho hands of intelligent actors, who exhibited a perception : of tho requirements, of stage completeness, and a desiro to bo looked upon as exceptional to tho guys and dummies to whom wo have too frequently beon accustomed. Messrs. Gladstone and Wardo would do well to study their leader a littlo more, and not trust so much to inelegant, not to say so clumsy, attitudinizing. By-the-bye, I havo often wondered why Horatio, a student and a gentleman, should always bo appareled in the seediest manner, and made to look more like Hamlet's servant than his friond. Mr. Stewart mado a more genial than a dryly humorous grave-digger ; and, lastly, Miss Cleveland was dignified, unexceptional)]}' good, and magnihcently dressed as the Queen. Tho scenery and mountings wero appropriate and hand ionic, although not specially painted for tho occasion, thereby showing tho value of good stock materials, and tho tragedy was received with enthusi astic plaudits from beginning to end. Mr. Montcomerv must have felt nroud of tho greeting ho received, and of tho hearty and generous applauso which was accorded to his performance throughout. On the last occa sion on which ho was summoned beforo the curtain, ho made a somowhat novel and not particularly well-judged speech, during which ho called for cheers for Captain Gray (whom ho pointed out), Mr. Lambert, Mr. Vincent, and Mr. Anderson. With refereneo to the latter gentleman, ho dis claimed any desire to enter into ungenerous and ill-natured rivalry, but expressed a hope that Melbourne was largo enough to afford ample support to both. Tho speech was received with hearty and tumultuous applause, and was the Unalo to ono of tho most unmistakcablo and deserved successes I over had tho pleasure of- witnessing. The oceanic vastnoss ot space which sopa ,.t4 oUi...«ue Irom' 7-jS.vi.- ~.» novur more foroibly «appareni-, liinu on Monday' evening, when Sir. Montgomery appeared as Claudo Mclnotte, in tho 'Lady of Lyons.' It simply proves that it is' beyond the power of tho most talented actor to invest the part with any interest beyond that of an ordinary insubstantial nature. As Hamlet, Mr. Montgomery enthralled tho whole houso with his originality of concep tion ; as Claudo Melnotte ho conveyed tlie impression that an actor of ordinary ability was porforming in a play which had been equally well done by many other actors. Tho fact is, there is no scopo for tho display pf anything but conventional acting in this f'Lady ofLyonB.' It is so simple in its poverty that it can only bo construed in ono particular, way, and tho greatest actor who everlivec\ or the most studious searcher after novelty couldscarcely bo oxpected to givo a fresh interpretation, differing in any material point from what wo havo been usod to. Miss Cleveland performed Paulino in that graceful and lady.liko manner which has so often been admired, and Mr. Lambert was as lUnctuous as ever as General Damas. I wish Mr. Bellair would afford mo moro frequent opportunities of praising him, but he has contracted such a habit of laboured articu lation as to mako mo think ho must pass his leisure hours in lifting weights with his tongue. Independently of this drawback, his Boauseant is a crcditablo perform ance, as is also Mr. Stewart's Glavis and ;Mr. .0. Hall's Gaspar. Whilst speaking of ;this play, I may mention that I havo always ' the samo objection to take with regard to tho deportment of Claudo when ho appears as ColoneJ Morier. Every actor I havo seen in this part holds a hat with an immenso plumo beforo his face, liko a shield, in Buch a pal pablo manner as would under ordinary cir cumstances arouBO a suspicion that ho was either a burglar or else somo ono studiously attempting to avoid observation. Surely an absence of two and a half years would jus tify tho performor in making somo marked alteration in his faco, such as wearing a heavy moustacho (which is indeed referred to by Damas) and changing tho stylo of his hirsute ornamentation genorally. This would bo a much more reasonablo explanation of his not being recognised, nnd would render unneces sary the ludicrous pantomime he goes through »ocording to our present stago ethics. ' Hamlet ''was repeated on Wednesday and Friday with, if possible, increased success, and 'The Stranger ' was performed on Thursday. I do not regret my inability to attend on that occasion, as I am not an ad mirer of elongated woe, with which this ploy is overcharged. . A i. 1.1- -Yr ? . ., . .V *.1.._ 1 jic urn riaymarKoc, i-ir. Anacrson uas ap peared as ' Macbeth ' every evening this week. I must confess to a feeling of disap pointment at this performance. Taking it as a specimen of tho 'good old school' of melodramatic acting, it was highly snecess ful, but as a faithful and correct delinea tion of Shakspero's ambitious Thane, from my point of view, I regret to say that it fell far Bhort of my expectations. It has been frequently stated that Anderson is a disciple of Macroaily. Ho may bo bo in somo characters, but in Macbeth ho is not within 'cooey' of that eminent trage dian. . Tho latter pourtrayed tho Thane of Glamis as an ambitious, but a bravo, loval. and honourable man, startled and pcr ploxed at tho grooting of tho witches, and tho immediate fulfilment of their prophecy about Cawdor. Ho ends his perturbed speculations as to tho medium by which ho will attain tho highest point of greatuos-i, with tho omphutio expression— ' It chnnce will have uic king, why, chance may come to me, Without my stir.' Consistently with this resolution, ho hastens homo to mako tho necessary preparations, and grcots his wifo with tho intelligence of tho King's approach, in exultation at tho honour of rocoiving such a guest at his castle., How . Mr. Anderson, delivers tho lino ??????' { | , .,.,'''' ' Duncan comet hero U-nlght' in a mysterious voice, which denotes a fore 'aOno determination to murder tho king, in ^itead'of, -liko Macfeady, being led on to tho ^eed-by tho- riorsuasive inftueuco of his wife, ^whichi^fo my_.mind, is tho koy-stono of tho entiro;structuro of- the play.; Who can forget tho: 'poignant/agony, expressed by Macrcady when speaking of tho grpoms^talking in their sleep, in tho words j ? -~ ~ ? ?'' I could pot say Amen, ?-.'. ' When they did sny.lGod hlcBS us,' and the terrible and despairing energy when he -threw himself on -Macduff, after all his confidence in tho weird sisters' predictions had beon scattered to tho winds.? .No one, to my mind, ever approached Macready in ' Macbeth,' and Mr. Anderson's perform anco does not in any way alter my opinion. It is a physically powerful picco of acting, the voice bcint; systematically altered from the high tenor to the deep bass, and makes mo think that Mr. Anderson's starring tour at the minor theatres of tho east end of London is principally responsible for the extravagan cies displayed. Mrs. Heir's Lady Macbeth was fashioned after the same model, but Mr. Heir was unusually quiet as Macduff, and therefore moro effective than the generality of tho Thanes of Fife. I liked Mr. Hoskins as Duncan, his line elocution tolling to great advantage, and Mr. Applctou played Mal colm with that careful iutelligenco which is so invariably characteristic of thisgentleman s performances. Tho others wero but so-so, and tho witches' choruses ineffective, not withstanding tho assistanco of Mr. Richard son in the solo parts. Somo of tho scenery was Kood, but I cannot agree with tho inno vation of making tho scene where Macbeth describes tho murder a court-yard over looked by innumerable windows, which would bo tho last placo in tho world for Macbeth : and his wifo to hold such a perilous interview. Again, the banquet'.' scene was arranged in tho usually absurd manner, viz., two tables on each Bide of tho stage, with tho inevitable two1 seats on a raised dais at tho back, in such a position as would effectually pre vent tho occupants getting anything to eat. A still fnrfchnr .alimirHifcv wan committed bv a stool and a tablo (just big enough to hold a jug and a flagon) being placed in tho centro of tho stage, apparently with tho solo object of making the ' business ' with Banquo's ghost unusually prominent. When Macbeth says ' ncre will I sit, In the midst,' it is tolerably evident to any ordinary under standing that ho means in the midst of his guests, and not isolated from them as Mr. Anderson makes it. It seems incrediblo that a nearer approach to what is natural cannot bo attained even by tho most experienced of actors and stage managers, who seem deter mined to stick to what has been done before, instead of exercising their own judgment. A farce called ' Who Stole tho Pocket Book' has played tho peoplo out at this theatre, and has been an exception to tho dreary effusions which Generally follow the tragedy. It gives Mr. W. B. Gill an oppor tunity of showing that ho is ono of tbo best and most natural low- comedy actors our stage, possesses, and I feel sure that at no distant period Mr. Gill will occupy that po sition in the estimation of most theatro-goers, that is to say when the appreciative faculties of tho audience have not been exhausted by tho first piece, and when the comic clement has a fair chance of asserting itself. To night 'Richard tho Third' will be produced at both theatres, so we shall have amplo op portunity of comparing tho merits of each aspirant to tho title of ' tho most attractive) star of tho day.' Mr. Georgo Lewis, with his company, sailed for Calcutta on Monday, and Mr. Kohlor, with a troupe of musicians, under tho substantial shadow of John Bryan, do part by tho mail on an Oriental tour. Messrs. Harvoy, Abecco, and Co. opon tho Polytechnic this evening for tho purpose of musical performances, after tho manner of tho ' only original and veritably Christy Minstrels.' Tho company includes somo of tho best talent in this particular lino whioh is nt present available. ; ' CHARLES SURFACE* 