Will tlio calculating boy of Collins street give us no rest ? Is there to bo no end to the succossion of fallacies arising out of that perplexing increase in the revenue, of which the returns of Friday last gave information ? Dis agreeable as is the task, we must, in order to protect the public from being misled by displays of eruditelook ing ignorance, onco more point out how judgments utterly fal lacious aro arrived at by means of misconceptions so transparent that it is amazing how oven any half-informed man of ordinary intelligence could fall into them. There is an item described in the Estimates as ' Proceeds of the sale ' of land accruing from rents and selec ' tions,' and in the Revenue returns as ' accrued from rents and selections.' Under these heads are credited all tho payments of instalments under the original .Duffy Act, not- a shilling of revenue from the Amending Act of 1865 being included. With a facility for blundering which would he amazing were it not 'displayed so fre quently, our Collins-street contem porary overlooks the items ' Fees. ' leases and licenses,' and 'Rent of ' leases nnder Amending Act,' and as sumes that the ' Proceeds of tho sale of ' land, accruing from rents and selec ' tions,' represent tho transactions under Grant's Act. Upon this misconception is reared a portentous fabric of fallacious argument. The returns show a large increase in tho receipts from the operation of Grant's Act, and a decrease in the income from Duffy's. The decrease being debited to the former, a state of muddle is produced which almost baffles the power ? of description. We are gravely told that the decrease is a very serious matter, for ' even if there had been no new land ' selections since the year began, the ' revenue should nevertheless have been ' maintained, since tho selected land ' being held subject to the payment of ' yearly rent, should yield as much ' in subsequent years as in the ' year in which they were first _ se ' lected.' As such a statej of thiugs would no doubt be a very serious matter, we are glad that we have it in our power to remove the cause of alarm. The revenue derived from fees, leases aud licenses under Grant's Act showed an increase, in the first nine months of the present over the same period of last year, of £18,273, and the amount derived from rent of leases under the same act was increased in tho same term by £10,796 ; the receipts from both items rose from £1210,731 in the three quarters of last year to £149,770 in the .present year, showing a net in crease of £29,039, or twenty-four per cent. ! The extent of the error caused by our contemporary's cross-eyed way of looking at figures will appear from the fact that the decrease under Duffy's Act, which is substituted for the increase from Grant's, is at tho rate of seventeen per cent-., so that there is a cumulative error of an enormoas amount. The Qecrease being assumed, the amateur auditor proceeds to answer- the question. How is the deficiency to he accounted for ? Tho answer is obvious — the failure of the lessees to pay their rent, and tho startling conclusion is arrived at that ' one-third of the ' Crown tenants created by .the Act of ' 1865 are defaulters.' The solemn assurance is given that ' there is no ' other hypothesis by which the pheno ' menon can be explained,' so that nothing remains for Mr Grant to do to turn his face to the wall and give hp the ghost. How can be hold up m3 head after being felled by such a phenomenon, and such a hypothesis ? _ j it not presumption to hint ^ that 1 phenomenon may he in the vision 0 on so well provided with ocular flPPar[l,I1Tri' Rash and rude men, who think for them selves, may imagine that an increase twenty-four per cent, in the paymeiF ^ lessees is hardly admissible evidence that defaulters are en the increase , ^ 1 I if there be ' no other hypothesis th that which betokens wholesale i'spaaia. tiGri the evideneo of the senses must he set aside, and the reign of chaos welcomed. Notwithstanding, however, the extra ordinary hallucination which- has led our contemporary into a perfect quagmire of contradictions and absurdities, we are quite prepared to admit that there have heen some defaulters under the Amending Act, as well as under previous Acts, hut, strange to say, wo feel no alarm, but rather derivo comfort from the i ? rn /InmrmAS nnrl their employers, whose object was to defeat * the settlement of the real selectors, should] willingly incur tho penalty of forfeiture of their deposits is not to he wondered at. As it was no part of their intention to comply with the conditions of settlement, the forfeiture of their allotments by their own default is the very best thing that could happen. Thero are no doubt a few among tho bona fide selectors who find a difficulty in making their payments punctually, but tho Stato will lose nothing by showing them a little forbearance. The excellence of ? Grant's Act over all others which were previously in operation, consists in the fact that the foe simple of the land cannot pass until payment of all arrears has been made. The State can con sequently refrain from harsh measures against struggling settlers, without fear of confiscation of the public estate. Herein lies the solution of the difficulty, which might otherwise arise between the Go vernment and a large body of State ten ants. We have no sympathy with those who are claiming to have the rent which they pay treated as instalments of the purchase-monoy ; but there is no element of repudiation in volved in either the claim or the conces sion ef ?'time.' in completing payments, interest being, of course, charged there on. The difficulty of compelling lessees to pay their rent promptly must he a weak point in' every system. The squat ters themselves require to be reminded and threatened periodically that they will subject themselves to forfeiture of their runs if they do net cash up. There is less necessity to look after the bona fide selector, for ho has by his improvements given security for the amount due, and he will be continually reminded by that most constant of all monitors, selfin terest, that the sooner he can complete his payments aid obtain tho fee simple of liis land the better will it bo for ? him self. The agitators do not ask to bo re lieved from the payment of rent, and so long as they pay that their agitation will be of very little effect. The presumed necessity of ex tending the term for the completion of the purchase of the fee simple is a ques tion which does 'not press for immediate settlement ; but if it should be found ad visable to allow an extension of time, or even to allow the payment of the purchase money by easy instalments in addition to the rent, there is no reason, either financial, economical, or moral, why the concession should not he made. By a very slight alteration, tho existing Act might be made to accommodate every class of selector, without abating one shilling of tho claim of the State, so that any agrarian movement would ho rendered harmless, because it would be uncalled-for and inexcusable. 