I BEB? TE 1, ESSENCE OF BEEF, &Ó. J TO TriE roiTOn or »ms MEDICAL TJMVB AND GAZETTE, Sir,-Five or nix yeera ego (aee Medical Time» and Gazette, 18G4, Vol. I., pp. SSC and 587). I called the! attention of the Obstetrical Soolety, and of your readers, to tbe impórtanos of tho liqald ossenco of beut, or, in other words, the Juice of munt, as a partial snbititnte for brandy la tboie cates cf nervous exhaustion which are boneffted by strong stimnlunti, suah as brandy, ammonia, camphor, valerian, and the like. Sinos that time the liquid essence, especially as mannfaolurod by the Messrs. Brand, has been onormonsly nsod by tbe profession, and its uso ls only limited by ¡ta price. IJ nave in tbe same class of oases-viz., norvous exhaus- tion, despondency, tondedoy to alcobollo abuse, eto. also . largely used a preparation, wblah from its excellence, oueapness, ana oapaDiiuy oí ueoping wuagui damage, cannot be to) highly spoken of-I moan " Onion's Essence of Meat." Liebig's oxlraot of meat, as sold by Van Abbott, Hooper, Allan and Ob., it nlso admirablo, and medn no praise from me. Tbe purport of mr addressing you no» is to call attention to the possibility of obtaining larger and more variod supplies, and of clearly defining the purpose of various preparations. I seo by the Journal of the Society of Arts tbat tba food commit too of that society hare bad tbe good sense to call Dr. Thudlcbum lo their aid, in order to enable them moro precisely to distinguish the purroaes of various preparations. Thus, " Liebeg'* Extraot," Oillon'a hoof-tea, and that whioh I desoribed as the " EÈsenco," really beloon; to the varioty of food called stimulant-i.e., a rapidly acting transient remedy - scarooly satisfying tho appetite, ratter increasing it, and converting a painful craving neuralgia of tbe stomaoh into a pleasurable appetite. And bero let mo congratulate your readers on tho prospect of having this invaluable stimulant, In a very short time, at u great reduction of price. Mr. Whitehead, of Aaslnlia, bas been in "ccrrespon donoo with mo for some years on the best mode of pre- paring beef- tea for exportation to England. After many trials bo has succeeded fn manufacturing aa ex? traot, each pound of wbloh cqnala tho soluble and sapid oentents of SSlbs. of beef ; and this, by means of maohlnery, ho can now sell at 6s, per lb. ; half-an-ounco suffices for ono pint ef ordinary beef-tea. This is solid and requires no pots to be carried In, whioh aro always a nuisance ; it doos not harden, as the golatinous pre piratians do, but is easily cut and dissolved. Mr. Whitehead bas just arrived In England with bis latest samples, and wonld bo -glad to submit them to any medical authorities. If this turns out well, wo have a great boon ; if ill, tho loss is his. Whilst, however, wo ongnt to cavo extracts or essences of beef, containing tbs soluble, stimulating, and comforting demon's, for tbe appropriate cases, why should we not alto have preparations containing something moro nutritive T The very finest solid extraot I ever bad rrndo represents only 1} per cent, of tho beef; Lioleg's extract represents 3J, and Whitehead's 4, Rut thero are hosts of cases in whioh we should be glad of something moro substantial ; we want rle h and blood really, and not metaphorically ; we want preparations embodying these oonstitnentB soluble in cold water bat coagulated by heat. Mr. ; Bullock had, or has, a meat preparation of this sort. Dr. Hassal l's useful flours of meat also find their place in thia category. Wo want, however, for .nutrition, more than the 4 per cent. ; thora ls room for preparations with the gelatinous constituents as wallas without, and somo with the flnor parts of the meat embodied in them. I may trespass on your attention again next week on Ibis subject if you allow me. It, DauiiT. London, March IS. ,THB HBHKDiTinr PKEH.--With a largo.number lo la a pear ia equiv».ent to being a great man. A noble- man is born not only with a silver spoon in his month, bot aleo with a golden key ia.his hand, which servos to unlock innumerable '.doors./' Tbs .very nurse who dandles him, looks upon bim with awe, for will not tbo poling infant one day sit among tho highest in the land? At a .publio school, tbe, young nobleman nny suffer at the bands of bis. comrades who, alon s with the dlsineenuousncJJ; of youth, possess the healthy in- stincts of republicans; yet he will hara the compensa- tion of being tho . centro of attraction to tuft-hunters at the university. Should bo b i the heir to a splendid' title and large possession», ho will h tva society at his feet. Wbero others would not dare to sue, he will be entreated lo nooopt all the gifts that beauty can bes- tow. Let him attend a publio meeting, and ho wi'! oe Toisu imo mw oomr uy acojamauoB, ana lils spoeoh nrill be applauded, whether appropriate, Intelligible, or the roverse, 'simply becauso it is his, d't him write a commonplace letter 'to a newspaper, and the editor wilt honoar it with insertion in the large type and conspicuous placo roserred for the weighty articles of distinguished writers.. If be oondesconds to attond the debates in tho House of Lords, and take an apparent Interest in publio affairs, the mombcrs of his patty will agree that he ls a heaven-sent oandidate for a seat in the cabinet. "What wonder is it that such a man should defend tbe privileges of his order, resist innovation, openly or insidiously Combat reform t It is neither a merit nara fault of bis that ho has been born a member of the- British peerago ; like every man ho loves to exeroisê power, and droads anything wich may tend to lessen it. And, after all, his high position ls far less enviablo in reality than in appearance. H's luxuries aro not en- joyed, beoause thoy are common things to bim. Illa estates may bo largo, yet bis accustomed outlay may render bim moro dependent than tbe man who earns wlth'the labour of bis hand or brain the bread which he eats and relishes. Instead of having tbe proipeot of r¡aiog¡ to sooial eminence by industry, or benefiting mankind by lils talents, tho peer ls denied sooial advancement na tbe condition of bis raab. Seated among the gods he is not stimulated, as otber mon are, to strive for a placo on Olympus. Heneo his ambi- tion is confined to discharging > some menial duty at court, to holding a wand, or guarding a door. If he fail te obtain auob a post be ls a bitterly diisatiaficd man ; be becomes a ? nobleman having a grievance whioh gives bim aa much pain as any that ean oppress a oommoner. Than this ha can suffer no more poignant anguish, excopt tho denial of a request to the primo minister of the day to bo allowed to wear a ribbon aorota bia shoulder or a gartor round lila knee, - Westminster Review, April number. SUPERIORITY OF MAN OVER WOMAN.-It has long been observed that among peoples progressing In civi- lisation the men are in advance of tho women ; whilst amongst those which are retrograding, the contrary is the case. Just as, in respect of morals, woman is tho Conservator of old customs and usages, of traditions, legends and religion, so in the material world she pre serves primitive forms which but slowly yield to the Influences of civilisation. We are justified in saying that it is easier to overthrow a government by revolu- tion than alter the arrangements in the kitchen, though their absurdity be abundantly proved. In tho same manner woman preserve..-In the form. tion of the bead, the earlier stage from which the race or tribe has been developed, or into which it has relapsed, Hence, then, is partly explained tho fact that tho inequality of the sexes increases with the progress of civilisation. To this must be added tho circumstance that the lower the state of culture, the more similar are the occupations of the two sexes. Among the Australians, tho bush- men, and other low races, possessing no fixed habita tions, tho wife partakes of all her husband's toils, and has In addition the aaro of tho progeny. Tho sphere of occupation is tho same for both sexes, whilst amongst the civilised nations there is a division both in physical and mental labour,—Lectures on Man, by Dr. C. Vogt (publlshed by tho Anthropological So oiety. CANINE TisNDEnHESS.-A ourtous instance of mater- nal tenderness In tho canine race was statod tho other day at a silting of lbs Soolete d'Aocllmatatlon In Paris, A poor dog, being deprived of ber paps, took a facey to a young limb that had last its motlier. The lamb throve mightily well under tho regime of dog's milk, and at longth took to foedlng on gras?. Thia the peor foster mother oould not bear, and she attomptod by every means in hor powor to prevent bor (oater-obild from disgracing itu If by suoh unoanlne bchtviour, but found at length lt was ta no purpose, and resigned hersolf io her dlsappolntmen*. A very singular sceno was wltnts cd by soveral thousand persona at Wigan on Monday afternoon. A disputo bas arisen between the London and North Westorn and tho Lsnaaihlro and Yorkshire Hallway Companies as to the right to a footpath leading to the station of tho former oompany, The Lnnoasblro Com- pany several times placed obslruolloss npw the path wblob wero always remoro J, and In this toxornl and tho attempt to prevent It a oontest nroio, on Monday, betwoen the men of the respectivo companies, and listed soveral hours Whilo tho batllo wt» billi going on, a crane which wrs being ampi«)ed tel', and nearly killed ono of tho meu who were working lt. J BBADINO TUB LiTÜnór.-What ibould bo dono with those clergymen who empbaslao every word, mid wbo readstho dally exhortation to their "doirly beloved brethren" aa If they bad discovered it the night be* fore ? Or what ia to be done with those who are not content with thia, but commit the farther fault oi om pbasUlng falsely f One of the best instanoca of tho Kind is that of a olergyman reading tba words, " Oh, f.o's, and tim of heart to believe nil that the prophetB h&yi; spoken." By putting the atop after "alow of heart, and a strong omphaais on tbs word all, bo made tbe pissage a denunnlation of those who believed what tho prophets had spoken, instead of a reproof for sluggishness in that belief. The old story of " Saddle me tho BBS, and they saddlod him," bas found a recent companion in that version of Saul's visit . to tho Wltoh of Endor, whore tho "Wltoh set frod -. coloro oaui, »yu, uni aorvuu.D, uu'i uiuj dhl ott." That a partlonltr stress on one word may entirely chango tho senee of . passage, «res shown by Mr, Spurgeon, who had to preaon a i'aneral sermon on an obnoxious deacon, and took for his text, " It came to pass that the hepgdr d od." But it wilful emphasis is capable of doing so mnoh, unintentional emphasis ts often far more comte. The sams may ba said of dramatio affeots in the mouths of those who are not judgos of dramatio proprioty. A story is told of some reader who adopted a monotonous whine in the prayers, and being remonstrated with by his diocesan, pleaded that suoh a tone waa proper to tue aot cf sup- plication, beoauso beggars always assumtd a whine when they asked for alms. But tbe bishop was not to be caught with suoh chaff, or perhaps his experience of beggars was too large for the appeal to lie. " Yes/' he replied, " but when tboy do I always know that tbey aro impos'ors, and giro nothing." Wo hare heard of a maa who, in reading the dialogue between Abraham and tho Angel, delivered the latter's words in a very high key to BUow that they came down from Heaven. Another, when roading the chapter of Josoph making himself known to bis brethren, came to the verae,11 And the fame thereof was heard ia Fbaraoh'B house, saying, Jotoph's brethren are come; ' and to make tba pasasge dramatic, he pat his hand on caoh side of his mouth alternately, and gave the congregation, first on one side if the church, and then on tho othor, the benefit of a loud stoge whisper. But we may take it for granted that these faults are of rare occurrence. What our cl argy gufior from is rather inability to rendor words dramatically, than exoess of action and expression, and tho blunders they make in this rcspeot aro moto often owing to indifference than to exoess of zeal.-G. F. Goddard. FUTÜBB BotrxnAMEs op ' YANKEB-DOODLÎDUH. Russia bas «old to us, or proposed to sell io as,' a pated of territory iooapable of cultivation, of not tbo slight- est importance in a osmmerolal sense, a mere barren region of reeks andioe and enow. The price is 7,000,000 dollars. If it becomes our property it will be a dead weight upon the Republic It never was, it never could be, worth 7,000,000 dollars to Russia ; and lt never can be .worth 7,000,000 dollars tous. Oooe oar property, it will cost us enless trouble and anxiety and endless expense. Russian Amoríos is a land of snow and frost, of gladers and frozen hills-a laud where agri- culture ls imposslho, and a inmerjo flan nover attain more than a prooarlons, valueless foothold ; bnt Russian America contains nearly 600,000 squBre miles of ter- ritory, mere tban the original thirteen states of tbe Union, enough for twolve suoh states as New York 1 Whoop I Hurrah I What on enlargement of the area of freedom 1 What an opp:rtunity for new ofHa-sl What a chance for tho spread ot Northern ideas 1 What a possibility for Congress men 1 What an opportunity for milcane I And' who knows that, the honorable member from Tohongatohi may not proves second Webster, and eleotrlfy a wandering senate ' with bis elcqaence; or, if not a Webster, a Banks? What a proipeot for an enlargement of the Radical majority 1 Bot the most important consideration of all is-tbo promlso that this cession gives a oloser alliance between tho two Colossi. The two eagles will put their three h lads together nt Behrings. Straits, and hold sweet but sh'iveriag communion. Let the British -Lion and other aged beasts tremble for tbs oonaequenoes I . - The poople were taken by aurprlsoon Saturday by the announce- ment that a treaty had . been perfected between the Uni tod Stales and Russia, ;whereby tbe possessions of the last-named power on this continent were to be ceded to the Ropublia-the only." consideration" being . ¿be small sam of 7000 dollars ; whereupon Mr, Jofftr Son Brick, and his corps of assistants, let loose their daring imagiaatlois, and hitherto unattained flights were achieved. In tho view of tho nuivenal Yankee tba American eagle is now roosting on the north pole. Tba idea of the Man of Manifest Destiny approaches realisation. The Croat Bopublio will soon be bounded on the north by the aurora borealis, on tbe south by the' south polo, on the east by the day of judgment, and on the west by the setting sun. In faot the northern boundary is alroadr settled.-New York Correspondent of tho Morning Herald, A Doo KILLED nr RATS,-Near one of the grain warehouses, skoaled oaths river bank at Milwaukee, Wis > largo swarms of rats have been in the habit of feasting on the wheat wbloh bas been scattered ronnd. A few days ago a black and tao terrier, getting wind of the readisvoup, made an attack on a couple of rata that bad ventured too far into tbe open air. Seizing one in its teeth, shook It vigorously. The rat squalled piteously, attraoting to the spot adoaen or more com- panions. These, on seeing the situation of affairs, joined in railing the alarm. In less time than it takes to tell tba inoldrn', tbs -ioe around was blaok with Bwarms of rata,, numbering several hundred* The terrier, after despatching the first viotlm, charged into tho swam with tho evident determination of serving the remainder in like manner. But for onie a terrier waa doomed to meet with fight from tbe poor animals he had so long devoured at pleasure,, and in a trice ho was surrounded on all sides by a swarm of foroolous brutes anxious to bo avonged for tho death of their companioa. Then ensued the moat frightful scone Imaginable. Tho rats swarmed roand their ad- versary, and fastened their claws and tooth in his flesh. Tbe dog, enraged by the pain, fought bravely, killing ecores of his eneaiea in the oonteit for life. Bnt the odds against him woro too great, and aftor a sharp contliot, whloh lasted fir about five mlnntei, be waa forced to succumb. HU body was literally devoured bj the rats, thoy scorning to take a s .vage pleasure in tearing ttelr vanquished enemy pleooniea). Soarcely a vojtlgo of the animal romined behind. The terrier died game, however; there ware about haifa hun- dred rats left upon the field, bleeding and mangled, and as many moro moro er less injured.--New York World. IIc-NQAnrlN EXILES IN AMEMCA.-The fate of the Hungarian exiles who carno to Ame* lea on the whole baab.en sad. Naturally proud and sensitivo, finding it impossible to Beonro a comfortable livelihood ana respectable position ia a country to viiose ltnguoge, habits, and people they were suoh utter strongoia, very many of them-more than one-fifth of the wholo num- ber-committed silicide Others atrngglod with greater fortitude and patienco against their advorso fortunes. They Btooped often, wlthont humiliation, from the highest rank to the Joirott employments-anxious only to seoure an honost living for themselves and their families by honest toll. A year or two sinos two or three of them- noblo-looking, learned, accomplished gentlemen, might be found selling oigtrs and other small wares, in basements along Broadway.. Otbers obtained temporary employment as engineers, trackers', and draughtsmen. Tho war offerod an inviting field upon which thor were prompt to enter, and in whioh, as a grnoral rule, they bore themselves with gallantry and aklll. One of them, Gonorol Asboth, originally In the Austrian cavalry, but who loft that service and joined the Hungarian Itviea in tba war of 1818, and who won high praise, from Goargol, tho distinguished genoral who commanded and 'finally surrendered the Hungarian army to the overwhelming power , of Busala, want through oar war with tnarkou distinction, reoeiving a ball in tho head whioh the surgical aklll of this country and Barls have proved nnablo to extraot. Hi« merit aud torvlcos have boen very properly reoog nlaod by the Government In hts . appointment 1 as American minister to Venezuela.-How York Times, Maroh 22. tum Two GHOSTS.-fir Walter Scott nasd lo tell with mnoh zest a story of a maa who tried to frighten bis friond by encountering him at midnight on a lonely spot whioh was supposed to be tbe rosort of a ghostly visitant. He took bia seat on the blunted atone wrapt in a long whl-o sheet. Pnaoutly, to hts horror, tko real ghoit appeared, and aat down beside bim, wltb the om'nous ejaculation, "You are a ghost, and I am a ghost ; let us coma olosor and olseor together," ' And closer and closer the ghost Dressed, till the abase ghost, overcomo with terror, fainted away. Thia, we fear, is tho f*lo willoh a'wplts tho rltualltt imitators of tho Church of Bomo, That mighty ghest-" the ghost of the dccoiisod Hornau Empire"-the ghost of tho dead mtddlo egos-mill press olosor and closer to cur poor dressed up ghost, till tho greater absorbs the lester or deprives ii, by mero juxtaposition, of any true spiritual life. Edinburgh llovlow, uew uumber 