A CHOLERA INCIDENT. On one of the streets running parallel with Broadway lived a married couple who had not travelled together very smoothly since they had been made one flesh. The husband, i though not a bad man, occasionally took a drop too much, and on such occasions happi ness was the exception in the household. The wife had $1000 in greenbacks, which she had saved and always carried with her, and being the master spirit of the firm, she would not allow it to be encroached upon, but, on the contrary, endeavoured, to augment it. The wife took the cholera, and the husband, obtaining a permit, had her sent to the city hospital. It is not known that he accompanied her thither, though he must have visited her. One morning, the nurse being out of the room for some time, he returned to the bedside of of. the poor woman, and discovered her, to all appearance, dead. The doctor was notified and made his observation. No pulsation of the heart, no breathing, nothing, to dissipate the, illusion and assertion that the patient was dead was discovered, and the disciple of jEscu'lapius pronounced her—dead. She was forthwith disrobed, placed in the rough coffin furnished by the city, and conveyed to the Madhouse. For four hours she lay, apparently a corpse, with all the surroundings of death. After the shadows of night had closed in, the watchman took a look into the room to see that all wa9 right. From the inside of one of the coffins a perceptible knocking was heard. Superstition seized him ; he slammed the door after him, and went to notify other parties of the mysterious rappipg, and several accompanied the man to the temporary receptacle of the dead. When the door was opened a sight met the gaze of the party which made the roots of their hair tingle, and caused them to feel a wetness about the knees. The " coipse " had raised the lid of the coffin and was sitting bolt upright in it. "Where am I ?" said she. The matter was explained to her briefly Filled with angerr illoess: having seemingly departed, she let loose the flood of her passion at the idea of being inclosed in such a contemptible re ceptacle. She had $1000 when she went to the hospital, she said, and she demanded ta know where it had gone—that amount would have given her decent sepulture* The attendants were unable to explain the where abouts of tbe missing money, and the woman demanded to be restored to herself once more, that she might pursue the thief who bad robbed her, and secure to her body if she were to dieT decent burial. The resurrected " one was helped out of her narrow prison house and taken to a more genial chamber. But here another difficulty arose—her clothes had been destroyed. Suitable apparel, bow ever, was furnished, and on finding herself once more of tbe flesh and blood, she insisted on starting at once in search of her husband, who she thought, and perhaps correctly—was consoling himself with her $1000, and the idea that some other daughter of Eve would console his lonely hours. The surgeon, observing that Madam was comparatively well, and thinking that it might do her more harm to retain her than permit her departure, had the iron gate opened for her exit. Dark - ness had set in ere she reached her husband's place of domiciliation. She knocked at the door, and her husband opened it. With eyes fairly starting from their sockets he gazed; words failed him; he was paralysed with fear at the supposed apparition. At length the wife demanded why he had robbed ber, insisting at tbe same time that she was not dead, as he no doubt hoped she was, and she had come home—he would find it harder than that to get rid of her. The husband was too astonished, horrified,, to believe his eyes, and be begged the " ghost'' to leave ; she might have the money, but, for God's sake, to go away and not destroy him. At this the man, with fear and trembling,, handed her the missing money, which she took. But she was not to be driven from her home, and with a push she opened the door, and entered the house. She had no sooner done so than her husbandy minus coat and hatr rushed out of the back door into the yard, and over the fence, and that is the last that either his wife or his friends have seen of him. St Louis Times. 