PUNCH IN PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY, 23rd JULY, 1857. Mr. Speaker having seated himself two minutes earlier than usual, A new- hatched un- fledged member from Bathurst named Mc Kay, underwent the solemn ceremony of initiation into the mysteries of Mac- quarie-street odd-fel lowship, and seated himself on the opposi tion side of the house, where he looked un utterable things at the Government, who evidently quailed be neath his eagle glance. Mr. Cummings asked if the railway to Bathurst was likely to be comnleted with- in the memory of the oldest inhabitant. Mr. Byrnes politely wished he might get it. Mr. Thorn tor asked the Colonial Secretary the price of Colonial Debentures per dozen. Mr. Eagar said : "I dozn't know — for further particulars apply at the Oriental Bank." Mr. Parkes read a letter from H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh to himself to this effect : — Dear Harry, — Sliiver my timbers — yoicks — tally-ho ! I mean, belay there ! The ship is ready, and the wind blows fair, and I shall be with you in the twinkling of a bed-post. Mama sends her best love, and is pretty well thank you, as itleaves me at present. So no more from Your admiring young friend, Alfred. It was unanimously resolved that Mr. Parkes be empowered to borrow a pair of slippers, a dressing-gown, and a warming-pan for the benefit of H.R.H. Mr. Robertson' said he flattered himself, although, in his time, he had represented so many constituencies that he was almost an animated map of the colony, he had never in all his life done any thing that could, by any possibility, be of the slightest advantage to them. However, there was a limit to this sort of thing ; and he now would ask the Government — to show there was no coolness between them — to have telegraphic communication with the Clarence River immediately established, as he wished to electrify his con stituents. The expenee was a mere nothing — £2000 or so — which could be easily raised by the Ministers themselves, at the rate of £400 a-piece out of their "screws." Such a line would be of the utmost importance. Ships were always being wrecked in that locality, and it would be a great comfort to drowning mariners to think that the people of Sydney were in a position to know that they were going "down — down — down — down — down among the dead men " a few minutes after they knew it themselves. As no two opinions could by any possibility exist as to the expediency of this, or, in fact, any measure he might propose, he would thank them to reply in the words of the immortal water-bird of Avon, "Conclude it done, my lord," and hand over a cheque for the amount. Mr. Martin said, though he was never guilty of one himself, he had both heard of and read many good jokes, but of all the jokes he had ever heard of or read, this was by many degrees the goodest. Here was_ a fellow — he begged pardon — honorable gentleman — who had the impertinence — he meant candour — to admit that he had never as yet done anything to promote the interests of his various constituents, yet all at once he was seized with a gush of patriotic enthusiasm, and mildly asked for £2000. He could tell his honor able friend that £2000 was not to be picked up every day, even at Deniliquin, if it were, he would instantly resign and chance his future. The motion was either good or bad — if it were good, well in good — if it were bad, bad luck to it. What was Grafton to he, or he to Grafton ? Doubtless a telegraph to Grafton would suit Grafton's "little game," and he had no objection to tell Grafton where Grafton could get one cheap, provided Grafton chose to pay for it ; in the meantime he conld assure Grafton that Grafton would find no change in him, or his colleagues either — oh, dear, no ! Mr. R. Stewart said, if Mr. Robertson could so arrange it that all wrecks should come off at the Clarence Heads, he would have no objection to vote for the expenditure for so desirable an object. But until some feasible plan for such a result was submitted by the hon. member he must beg most respectfully, though regretfully, to oppose the motion. Mr. Garrett said he believed, that if there had been no wrecks at the Clarence Heads, none of those distressing casualties would probably have happened, but they had — there was no getting over that fact. He would like to know why money could not be sunk there as well as anywhere else. He supposed if the members of the Government had swallowed as many dinners per diem in that district as they had in others, they would have treated it according to its desserts. Mr. Martin said, "No unlicensed victualling remarks." Mr. Speaker said, "You are wrong, boy, you are wrong." Mr. Garrett said, " Right you are, old 'un, right you are, don't apologise. " He didn't mean to impute improper motives to un-feted ministers, but he believed Shakspeare would bear him out in the assertion that 1 ' there is much virtue in a good dinner. " As to the inhabitants not petitioning for the work in question, what had that to do with it ? this was a country where nobody knew what they wanted, but where everybody wanted everything, and as much more as they could get hold of. Mr. Eorster confessed that he approached the subject with some degree of diffidence, not to say trepidation. During the whole of his political career, he never recollected any subject occasioning him so many anxious days and sleepless nights as the one now before the House. He had looked at it one way, and then looked at it in another ; he had turned it upside down and looked at it both ways, and then turned it inside out and slept on it, and after mature deliberation he was enabled to assert unhesitatingly that he had not the remotest particle of a ghost of an idea whether it was right or wrong, but, thoroughly believing from the interstices of his cere bellum that it must be one or the other, he would propose the tele graph be laid on the table, and a special committee be appointed to sit on the wires, consistiug of Lucas, Hannell, Landale, Wilson, Parkes, Martin, and (if there was room for a light weight) the mover. Mr. Byrnes said that with that zeal for the pursuit of knowledge under difficulties which characterised himself and his jolly com panions on the Treasury Benches, he had endeavoured to extract some information from Mr. Robertson as to the absolute necessity of the telegraph in question, in order that he might oppose it in the true spirit of the party to which he belonged ; but all he could get from that profane and misguided man was a statement that he (the aforesaid profane and misguided) would have the money in spite of them (meaning him and his colleagues). Look at that now ! To what a frightful height must that (aforesaid profane and misguided) man's evil passions have carried him whan he could contemplate getting money out of a "people's ministry !" Besides, as Posts were involved in the proposed extension, it was obviously connected with the Postmaster-General's department, and he had no right to be bothered about it. It was quite clear that the mover knew nothing of what he was talking about, and Mr. Garrett rather less. Mr. Robertson : "Oh, don't I though." Mr. Garrett : "I'm another ! " Mr. Hart got quite flushed in the face as he inveighed, in no measured terms, against the high state of corruption from which the Government were now suffering. He considered the allusion to Posts and the Postmaster-General a piece of very ill-timed rail-lery, believed in Robertson generally, and wanted the select committee particularly. Dr. Lang said, though, as in every other case, he had forgotten more about this matter than anybody else ever knew, he was in a diffooculty — in fact, it was all a "Clarence's dream" to him. He had been all over the bottom of the .harbour in search of flatheads, and he had arrived at the conclusion that a telegraph to the Clarence Heads would be more useful to the people of Grafton than to those of Wagga Wagga. There were heads there, 'twas true ; but there were arms there too — arms of the sea, d'ye see — and these arms would have to be crossed by the wires, d'ye see, and that would be awfu' expensive, d'ye see ; and therefore at present he hoped differ ence of opinion wouldn't alter friendship, and that it would be all the same a hundred years hence. Mr. Robertson wanted to know by what rule of Orthography, Etymology, Syntax, or Prosody, Mr. Byrnes should feel justified in extending the telegraph to Port Stephens, while he pooh-poohed that from Grafton to the Heads. Mr. Byrnes said there was no analogy. Mr. Robertson did not know the lady, nor what business it was of hers. He would have the money, or he would not have it — one or the other ; he didn't care which ; and so he would divide the House, and not remain in suspense any longer. The House then divided, and "John" lost his motion by 25 to 14. Mr. Macpherson delivered a long sermon on the Public Schools Act, choosing sec. 15, div. 2, for his text ; and when he had got through, and pronounced anything but a benediction on the Government, Mr. Parkes announced his intention of replying in a speech of two hours length, which so frightened Mr. Punch that he retired from the chamber, in which he ultimately heard that the debate was protracted till past eleven, and then adjourned till the following day. 