. CURIOUS WILL'S. SoME' who in life, would not have given a cup of water to a beggar, by their wills leave enormous sums to charities to secure for them selves a kind of posthumous admiration.' Others allow not their resentments to sleep with them in the grave, but leave behind them wills which excite the bitterest feelings and ani mosities among their surviving relatives. Some wills are remarkable for their conciseness and perspicuity; others for their unprecedented shapes and curious contents. One man pro vides for a college, another for a cat; one gives a legacy to provide bread and herrings for the poor in Lent, and kid gloves to the minister; while others provide for bull- bating, the welfare of maid servants and the promo tion of matrimony.. John Hodge has kept his name out of oblivion by giving twenty shillings a year to a poor man to go about the parish church of Trysall during sermon-time to keep people awake and dogs out of church. Henry Green, of Melbourne, Derbyshire, gave his property for providing green waist coasts for four poor women every year, such waistcoats to be lined with green galloon lace. In the same neighbourhood, and inspired by a similar feeling, Thomas Gray provided gray waistcoats and gray coats. John Nicholson, stationer, of London, was so attached to his family name, that the bulk of his property was given in charity for the support and maintenance of suchpoor persons in England as should appear to beofthe name of Nicholson. David Martinett, of Calcutta, while' giving, directions to his executor, says :-" As to. the fulsome carcase, having already seen enough of wordly pomp, I desire nothing relative to it be done, only its being stowed .away in my old green chest to save expenses." He then bequeathed to one man all the. debts he owed, and to another his sincerity. A Lancashire gentleman, in the last cen- tury having given his body to the worms of the family vault, bequeathed an ounce of modesty to the authors of the London Journal-. and Free Briton, giving as his reason for the: smallness of the legacy, that he was " con-- vinced that an ounce. will be found. more than. they'lle even make use of." Another testator, after having: stated- at' great length in his will the number- of obliga-... tions be was under, bequeathed to: his bene-- factor ten thousand-here the leaf turned over,. and the legatee, turning to the other side, found the legacy was ten thousand: thanks.. A testator, who evidently intended to thwart his relation and be a benefactor to., the lawyers, gave to certain persons, as many.: acres of land as shall be found ,equal to the area inclosed by the centre of the earth.: in a. revolution round the sun twenty-one thousand.: six hundred semi-diarieters of the earth, from... it." An uncle left in his will eleven silver spoons to his nephew, adding, "If I have not-left the dozen he knows the reason." The.. fact was, the nephew .had some little time: before stolen the twelfth spoon from his, re.- lative. Sir Joseph Jekyll left his, fortune to pay: the National Debt. When Lord Mansfield: heard of this he said: " Sir Joseph was a. very good man and a good lawyer, but his.. bequest was a very foolish one; he might as: well have attempted to stop the middle arch.: of Blackfrairs Bridge with his full-bottomed_. wig !" Lord Pembroke gave "nothing to Lord: Say, -which legacy I give him because I know he will bestow it on the poor ;" and then after giving equally peculiar legacies he finished with " Item. I give up the ghost. Dean Swift's character is exemplified in his will. Among other things he bequeathed to Mr. John Grattan of Clommethan, a silver " box, in which I desire the said John to keep the tobacco he usually cheweth, called pigtail." The celebrated Sarah, Duchess of Mal borough, left Pitt £10,000 for the noble de fence he had made for the support of the laws ofEngland, and to prevent theruin of this coun try." A similar bequest was not lorg since made to Mr. Disraeli. Bacon left a will appointing six executors, but no property except his name and memory which he bequeathed to men's charitable speeches,.to foreign nations, and the next age. Lord Clarendon had nothing to leave his daughter but hisexecutor'skindness; and Lord Nelson left neither a will of real or personal estate behind himi, although he bequeathed his adopteddaughter to the beneficence of his country. Milton's will was nuncupative-that is by word of mouth, he being blind at the time he made it. Shakespear's was made in regular form, so was Byron's. Chatterton's will was a strange one, consist ing of a mixture of levity, bitter satire, and actual despair, announcing a purpose of self destruction, Others wrote their wills in verse, and as a specimen, we will give that of William Jacket, of the parish of Islington, which was proved in 1787, when no witnesses were required to a will of personal estate: I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my two loving, sisters so dear, The whole of my store, Which God's goodness has granted me here. And that none may prevent, This my will and intent, Or occasion the least of law racket ; With a solemn appeal, I confirm, sign, and seal, This the act and deed of "Will Jacket," Some wills contain a kind of autobiography of the testator, as well as his thoughts and opinions. Such was the will of Napoleon, which gave a handsome legacy to Chantillion, "who had as much right to assassinate that oligarchist, the Duke of Wellington, as the latter had to send me to perish on the rock at St. Helena. Such also was Sir William Petty's, which states with a certain amount of self-pride, that "at the full age of fifteen, I had obtained the Latiin, French, and Greek tongues,', and at twenty years ofage, "had gotten up three score pounds with as much mathematics as any one of my age were known to have."-Conrt Circular. Printed and published by PEARCE and BERESFORD, at the Offce of " THE HERAZD," Clff Street, Fremantle, where. orders and advertisements are received. 