VICTORIA RACING CLUB— SPECIAL MEETING. Stewards : Captain Standish, C. B. Fisher, Esq., G. Watson, Esq., R. H. Power, Esq., A. W. Robertson, Esq. Judge: Captain Scott. Starter : G. Watson; Esq. SATURDAY, 30th November. If bright, balmy, breezy weather be Queen's weather, then the second son of that august lady is already enjoying in anticipation a por tion of his maternal inheritance. The Queen herself could not have brought a better climatic talisman than the Prince took with him to Saturday's races. The road offers little sub ject for comment. As the Prince passed along in his postitioned chariot he must have observed how fashionable a color the ocean blue has become. In every cottage, however modest its pretensions, the fair spec tators beamed bright in sashes, dresses, or head- gear, or something of the color that the sailor is presumed to love ; nor does he love it the less when sported by a pretty lass. Was there anyone to point out to the Duke the palatial residence towering over the hamlet of Fleminigton of one who had built for him self from a foundation of nothing, a fortune far beyond that enjoyed by the Duke himself ? Or was the attention of H.R.H. drawn to the rare spectacle of a village only in its green youth already lapsed into decay. The glories of Flemington are departed. Its population of saddlers, blacksmiths, vendors of bullock-bells and publicans have shrunk to narrow dimensions. It is but the ghost of the Flemington of yore. Its life is a spasmodic life of a day, or two, or three, now arid again, and a cataleptic condition, near akin to non-existence, for the rest of the year. And even such glories as still appertain to Flemington upon a race day are now shorn of half their greatness, for knowing people have discovered another less dusty road to the west ward, a road less crowded with the range of vehicles from the costermonger's cart to the dashing four-in-hand. Between the new road and the railway the track to Flemington will sooner or later become Hugh Glass's avenue, and that fortunate gentleman may build a new gate- lodge somewhere about the University end of the Royal Park. Flemington is passed, however, and in the wake of the Prince, we have just arrived on the ground. The carriage, paddook; is full of conveyances, which are themselves full of Fortrium and Mason like baskets with sus picious-looking silver tips peeping curiously forth, as though over-crowded inside .The. Hill, which to the raceground is as the pit to the theatre, is comparatively bare as yet. The two-shilling connoisseurs can't get down for the first event, and it is riot before the start for the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes that we may expect to see the Hill look as black with men and as bright with pretty women as it did on the Cup day. Very pretty the tem porary royal box looked, with its.; fresh verdure of living' plants; a very bower of greenery, giving quite a new and elegant aspect to the otherwise not imposing-looking stand. What is to be said of the costumes of the ladies on the lawn? Bewildering' at 'any time, with tho bell ringing- for saddling, what 'con a' chronicler do but' indulge in some 'sweeping, complaint, catching fill in his net ; just as those sweeping trains did: the feet ' of such unfortu nates as dared to.lift their feet at all..-- ?:' What has been taken out, of .the circumference of ' ladies' dresses has evidently been sewn on be hind. Latitude has given way to longitude. And what of tho Prince? How was he dressed ?-' inquires the young lady ? who ? over- danced herself at the ball, and has, cruel fate, been laid ' up on the sofa ever since. A plain long grey coat, grey trousers with a black stripe, white hat' with a blue veil, still no gloves but some massive - rings on his fingers. These were -his habiliments, so far as-visible, upon the course. He evidently preferred . the stewards' . platform above -the; weighing room to the box in' tho Grand- Stand. Very leisurely and comfortably , could '? ho' smoke there, and the people on -tho Hill, had a much better -yiew of him. By tho woy^ there was a special novelty upon; this' occasion in the shape ' of a musical programme ' of the pieces performed. by the band in the pavilion , by the stand; A very ? bij ou of pro grammes, printed, on something' whioh,- if not card, was certainly mother-of-pearl or ' a material very like it. This was what the band played, broken occasionally by impromptu popping, of champagne corks from the neigh boring carriage paddock :— Overture, ' Jubel,'1 Weber; quadrille, 'Hunt,' A.. F. Godfrey; selootion, '?' Zampa,' Herold ; .waltz, 'Hilda,' D.Godfroy;; selection, 'la Sonnambula;' Bel lini ; Polka Mazurka, ' Rosa,' Burkhardt ; galop, ' Jockey,' A. F.'. Godfrey ; God Save tho Queen. .' ; . - , ' To desoribe tho scene of ? Saturday is merely to recapitulate what has been written before scores of times. I walk' through the dense crowd in front of the pavilion, and I see the same faces I have seen. at. every race mooting any time these last five years. The dresses, perhaps, are a trifle more gorgeous, ' and some of the faces nature has. not blessed to the extent she has others, have had a trillorooro assistance from art, but beyond that I can see no difference, Tho men ore the eamo as over, Some of them are thero for busi ness, some £o enjoy themselves as mon should enjoy themselves sometimes, but more, if tho truth must be told, it would seem, to show themselves/ There is an alarming tendenoy for lavender Md gloves and prettiness amongst our young men', and the sooner it is checked the better. The number of opera glasses turned on a certain pavilion, and kept there for ever such a long time, made me blush for my sex. It is well enough for the ladies to look at the Prince, for I suppose it is their prerogative ; but when you see a lot of what by courtesy you term men staring him out of coun tenance whenever he shows his nose, you cannot- - wonder that he prefers hiding himself from the vulgar gaze as much as he possibly can. In front of the pavilion fitted up by the ' club ; for the use of his Royal Highness and the . vice-regal party, is a very rare and beautiful collection of ferns, which gives quite a rustic air to the place. I learn that these ferns have been pent by Mr Hugh Glass, and were arranged prettily and tastefully by his head gardener, . Mr Ferguson. They form a picture on whioh the eyo rests with pleasure time after time. Near at hand there is a large tant, in whioh there is laid out a very . splendid ' looking cold collation, and everywhere there are scattered the rarest collection of hot-house plants. These are also provided by the liber ality of Mr Glass. Of the doings. . of tho ? Prince, I dare to say there will be plenty of chroniclers. I am almost ashamed to write .that I have not the slightest idea whether he took '..brandy and soda and a'cigar'jUjnth.the committee, or whether he .didn^ti-^iYet, on second thoughts, I find I am not ashamed, be cause I- am reminded by a still small voice that if I did . know, I should have been guilty of an unwarrantable piece of prying impertinence. All. I could see was that his Royal Highness ? seemed to enjoy himself heartily ; that he went about the ground : as any other English gentleman present ; that ho witnessed the majority of the races from the judges' stand ; and that— alas that I should have to write it— he was seen in dangerous proximity to a person whose presence in the reserve at all was the greatest insult we could offer to our royal visitor, and whose touch is pollution even to meaner hands. I don't know that there was any touching of hands, but I do know that there was a great deal of conversa tion, and that men whoseminds are not so callous to the characters of those to whom they speak wondered how those who were with H.R.H. and knew all the filthiness of the life of the man we allude to, did not inform him of it. The day's sport provided by the club was a really good one, and it brought ontstrongerfields of horses than could have been expected after the severe work of- the spring meeting, and in view of the heavy engagements of some of our craoks on the 1st January. These kept away two of the best horses we ever had in the colony, Fishhook and The Barb; The racing was good throughout, and the finish for all the events -most exciting. The £100 Plate was ;won .by Mr.. Hurtle Fisher's Satellite, beating .*a-;^||ld.-ipif ? fourteen starters. The re appearance in-?front of the popular rose and 'black .'.was quite a treat for the crowd, and there was waving of hats and handkerchiefs as the winner was led to scale. Lady Clare .won* the Hurdle Race in quite her. oldc style. ;- but in the next', race there was something . of a . sur- - prise fpr those who pin their faith to' tho. favorites^; It was' thought. from;tho perform ances of ;FeneIIa at the last meeting, .that-sho would. prove too good -for the colts and fillies opposed'tp: her. in the Sapling Stakes. . ? There- . fore she ? was made- a very strong P favorite, and backed -freely at 6 -to'. 4: against .the field.- : However, Mr L. L. Smith's Melancholy ; Jaques proved- himself too good for her,' tho race falling to him after a severe contest all the way. up.the straight. Zouave - was second,- . and Fenella third,- but the traditionary sheot could really have covered the lot as they passed the stand. Then oame tho event of tho day , the Duke of Edinburgh stakes, and before this-was ran, lunoh was indulged in. After an hour of expectancy to some, but no doubt of enjoyment to others,' the bell frang',' and the cerenioriy of weighing- having been, gone through, -.'the.'; horses were not ; long in getting into position, ; and then away. The grey and gold ; of Mr :. Cleeland, on --Barwon; .went past the ? stand ; at a tremendouspace, tho others lying close up to him in an undistinguishablo mass. Ere a mile had ibeenj traversed, the son of Boiardo had had enough of it, and therefore, im pounded. .; Then . ardent Victorians had- tho mortification of- seeing the Sydney division draw awayL from the \field, Fueworks ^being i'leadiBg, Exile second' and' Tim':Whifller third. .-Driscoll was evidently making :a waiting. race of it. On rounding the; turn he called on his horse, who responded, came with a rush to tho front, and won cleverly. Exile was again second, . and Fireworks third. After the Steeplechase had- been won by Banker, came the race for the Galatea Stakes. As all the horses had. gone - for the Duke of Edinburgh ' Stakes, this : eyent. was booked as a certainty for Mr De Mestre's splendid animal. In the first mile over again, howeverj and, worse still,- the horso' met' with an acoident, the ' extent of which has not 'yet been ascertained. In the first mile he ran against: a post and injured himself severely in the. shoulder. - This left the race-to: ' Mr : Toit'B two, -Fireworks and' Glencoe, and in this order thoy camb past the post. In the Railway Stakes' Rip Van Winkle proved him self a firm colt, bj winning in fair time, and boating a largo field of horses. This concluded tho day's sport, and in a very few minutes the course was cleared of the eager thousands, who took their way .to town as their fancy prompted them. I may mention that the catering in the Prinoe's tent was done by Mr Scott of Scott's Hotel. 