THE METROPOLIS. -V * ? 1 Written expressly for the Southern Argvs.) Adelaide, November 28. Adelaide has relapsed into a tolerable state of dulness, only relieved by the noisy and rowdy election meetings of the evening, and the libellous gossip, for wbich we are indebted to the late Royal visit. We are nearly as quiet and rational as though no Prince had landed on our shores and been mobbed by our snobs, bored by our toadies, a.rid slavered over by our penny-a-liners. All the signs of n-joicing bave some days ago been removed. Macgeorge's £650 arch is eorte. drunken lion aud all : the greater part of the illumination pipes bave been pcliecj down ; the balconies have disappeared ; the scaffolding poles are era this lying by ready fir meaner uses ; and all the flags, rags, banners, and bunting have vanished. The admirer of nature unadorned may foe plotting vengeance against those he affects to call his tra ducers; the man that would rde with the Prince may be reflecting upon the emptiness of courtly pomps and vanities; gloveless Arthnr may exult in 'the clever manceavriug that brought him face to 'face with royalty; a group of fair ones may be chewing the end of disappointment, and bemoaning the fdbietycf Reception Committee arrangements; ?ybnt all these Prince hunters keep, their griefs and Jftiriumplis tolerably quiet, or we only hear of them through the medium of private scandal, or, what is much, the same, pnjblic rumor. Still, we are not without incidents to remind us more strongly of the visit that is now over. The successful banquet of the Mayor, and the terms op which be stood with our illustrious gue st, have excited, as might be ex pected, not a little envy and jealousy in certain quarters, and accordingly he bas been lampooned in Patquin and denounced at election meetings. As long as these attaqts, however, unjust, were kept within something like reasonable bounds, Mr Fuller tonk no notice -£ them; but when they passed from misrepresentation to positive and abominable calumny the Mayor resolved to teaca, his libellers the diffe rence between the liberty and tie liceiitiousness of the Press, and accordingly filed ^ criminal informa tion against the printer of Pasquin for the., following passape in an article headed ' A Prize Major .'' — ^_ 'The ofler, to Mr. Cojjpin maybe connected with -«ome little pecuniary arrangements of tbe hack scratching order, commonly known as working the oracle ; or,, to put it as an alphabetical problem - p. owes something to C. -?? takes T. H and agrees to share plunder with W-, who lends money M interest to X. Y. Z. C. know? how F. got to V.D.L., dud F. haying shaken hands with H.R.H. would rather U. and J. were kept in the dark regarding e, certain broad R. and bracelets.' Some people were pleast-d to call this an inuendo, but the names ar.d words night as well have been filled in, for no one a degree or tv?o removed from an idiot could fail to see the meaning* On Wednesday there was a tolerable gathering at the. Police Court of persons expecting Some amusement ; but they were disappointed. Mr. Fuller having 8 worn to the meaning of.- the passage. «nd stated that he was never in a gaol ia bis life, and never prosecuted by the Crown but once, when he was fined £1 for letting a lamp go out, Mr. Bruce addressed the Court, and said that his client was willing to make a complete retraction, and also wished to say that bad he seen the articls before it wss printed he should not have allowed it to appear. Mr. Brace also agreed on behalf of tbe defendant that he should pay costs, and tint a full repnrt of that day's proceedings should appear in Patquin. This being all arranged, the information was withdrawn ; Otherwise Roberts must have been committed for trial. The verbal libels have proceeded from a Mr. McCarthy, who has also insinuated thai the Mayor is an czpiree. He had better make his peace in time, fir in all probability if be. does not avow bis repentance and retract bis slanders, a day of reckon ing will immediately follow the elections. It is high time this fctyle of thing was put a Ftop to. Our poblie men lay themselves sufficiently open to ridi cule to render it as unnecessary an it is infamous to propagate downright and slanderocs falsehoods against them, probably these calumnies will ensure Mr- Fullei's return as Mayor. He says teat bad he not been so libelled ha thould have retired from the contest, but that now he will take the best method of testing the feelings of the ci izens respecting Lira. We are fairly in the thick of the Municipal eltciioi. meetings. Mr. Raphael comes forward nightly with his disinterested defence of tbe working man hi* classic el-q«ence, playful badinage, policed satire, and refined repartee. Ou Thursday, tbe Zlst he and Mr Simms, the man of beer, met in opposition at the CumberUnc\ Arms, when iL~ former had the show of hands. This was in Gawlrr Ward. A meeting at the Wakefield Hotel, Waki field-street, Grey Ward, on the following evening was conducted on a somewhat inglorious principle. Mr Small wood took the chair. The immortal Sammy proposed him ae a Councillor, and said he thought he and Mr Btrallwood would pull well together. Mr Sraa'jw.od then vacated tbe chajr, and was succeeded in that post of honour by his propp-er.. Smallwood of course addressed the electors, and during his speech stated tbat as he intevded, \i\ case of being returned to Council, to behave himself like a, gentleman, he did sot think he s-l.ould pull well with Mr Raphael. Upon this there was an immense uproar, though whether occasioned by the prospect of a civic Coun cillor acting like a, gentleman, or tip audacious insinua ion that Mr Raphael'* conduct was not Chesterfieldian, did not very clearly appear. Mr Jones (the billsticker), Mr Cawih-rne, and the sitting Councillor (Mr Hill) were also proposed, arid on their names being pat by the Chairman, the meeting, with delightful impartiality, negatived them all. A resolution was carried unanimously in favour of Mr Coglin as Mayor, who harangued the audience in his 'unparalleled style of eloquence.' On Monday there was a crowded meeting at Hines's Assembly Rooms, Hindley-street, to dbcass the claims and merits of, candidates for the Councillor ship of Gawler Ward, and for the Mayoralty. Mr A. 8. Clark in proposing Mr Simms as Councillor *~inade as great a mess of it as was possible. Instead of urging Mr Simms's claims, he confined himself almost exclusively to an attack ou Mr Raphael, and gave that civic orator an opportunity of making one of those vindicatory addresses of ^s that have sach an effect upon tho. unwashed. He appealed ta the fact that 45 contracts for making streets, &c;, in Gawler Ward, had been accomplished since he had been Councillor. This statement was received with immense applause, and no one was acute enough to explain that Mr Raphael having been expelled, or dropped ont of tbe Public Works Committee for offensive conduct, had nothing whatever to do with the contracts he referred to so triuicphai.tlv. Tbe numbers on taking a show of hands were nearly equal for Raphael and Simius. Then followed tho question of tbe Mayoralty. Originally five candid tcs were spoken of— Fuller, Townsend, Col ton, Cog'in, and Simms. Lights and Shadows decided not to «ta.nd ; Colton, who had not the ghost of a chance, retired in fovonr of Fuller, and his interest will be of ?ervice to the present Mayor; SimtnF, after con siderable hesitation, backed ont, saying he thought it a good thing for Mayors to serve an apprenticeship as Councillors, so tbat at lust tbe contest lies between tie present Mayor and Paddy. Bo-h addressed the meeting, Fullei's strongest pjiut being hits vindica tion against the aspersions cast upon his character. He urged that though he had Eaid he would not stand for re-election i- the Prince came while he was Mayor, yet be felt bound to go to the poll after the manner in which he hud been maligned. Mr Cogl n thought that explanation insufficient, and opon that point the battle will be fought. Whether he i* elected or not, Mr Puller has effectually settled tbe mean eland.rrs heaped upor, him. He knows nothing of gaols or fetters, bas not played into Coppin's hands with respect to the Town Hall, and bas paid £61{» {bribe banquet oat c£ his own purse, and will pay the rest when the bills come in. At this meeting there was a slight majority for Coglin. On Tuesday there was a meeting in Grey Ward. Mr Smallwood announced tbat be had retired, and after addresses from Messrs. Jones and Hill, a vote in favour of the latter -was carried amid much applause. Then came the Mayoralty question again, the burden of the complaint against Mr Fuller being the old story of his letting off the gas at the Legislative Council election meeting some months ago. Mr. Small* oed complained tbat Mr Fuller had given nothing to charitable institutions, and that he had redueed wages Is. &!. a day. Mr J. Clark attacked the Mayor, and called on him to explain about turning off the gas, as if he had not done so at the time. He was surprised that Mr Raphael, who had once de nounced Mr Fuller, should now come forward and support him. Mr Raphael, in that beautifully nervous style he sometimes adopts, said that what Mr Clark had tsaid was ' false, foul, and a lie/'- Mr Fuller was not present, so Mr Coglin, who was mercifully refrained from addressing the meeting, and as a reward for his leniency, a proposition in his favour was carried by a large majority. At tbe Lord Melbourne Inn the game evening Mr Coun cillor Winter had it all his own way for re-decti in. Messrs. Coglin and Fuller met, and the former had the show of hands much in his favour. Coglin's, however, is a floating majority, rushing to every meeting, and will not tell at the polling booth. The great night of the season was on Wednesday even ing at the Town Hall, where the candidates for %he Mayoralty met. The show of hands was for Fuller, whose position was much improved by the manner in which he dealt with his libeiJers. Mr .Cogiin came out in great force, but his el quence, like all the oratory of the evening, was lost upon one of tbe most rowdy meetings we have ever had in Adelaide. The chair was nor very ably filled by Mr Harcus, who has neither the skill, experience, nor voice necessary ipr the management of 2,000 beery, up roarious ratepayers. In ikjrHess to Adelaide meet ings, I must say that the Town Hall itself is the cause of iiiue-tenths of tbe rowdyism exhibiied there. Under verr favourable circumstances, when tbe nature of ;lie. occasion ensures perfect quiet, a prac ticed speaker, with a good voice, speaking delibe rately, can manage to make himself heard, but for all the ordinary purposes of a meeting tbe Hall is worse than useless. The speakei's voice shoots away somewhere, and travelling round the ball ! comes ringing back to him ; and as word follows word you hear them in Afferent parts of the building, j so that a dozen words reach the ear at once, produc- j ing anvthipg bat an agreeable effect, and rendering the oration unintelligible. Now a meeting composed to a great extent f-f persons seeking amusement will not be as quiet and decorous $6. i' chujrch, all strain ing their ears to catch what is said ; and not being able to understand a souud coming from the plat- j form, they enter into conversation among themselves, and the next thing is that, rinding tbe whole affair a farce, tney indulge in all manner of diverting plea santries, and uncouth or fantastic sounds. When you approach the Town Hall while a meeting is going on you hear a Babel of noise and confnsion, in \ which cheering, shrieks of lauahter, veils, and all the discordant; sounds ever emitted from the human throat are blended together. Then there is a pause — a show of hands in taken — a wild cheer and furious yelling follow, and the intelligent choice of the people is declared. After the Mayoralty meeting on Wed nesday evening, the councillorships of Grey Ward was discussed ; the Mayor in the cbair. The choice falling on the the retiring Councillor, Mr Hill. Gawler Ward had its meeting then, tke Mayor again presiding, vrben Simms and Raphael addressed the meeting. Raphael was not quite himself. During the eieouon contest he and his opponent Simms have associatedjtogeiher oa most amicable terras!, the resul being to temper down those fiiblime bursts of invec tiv« for which Sammy is so justly famous. Except when he addressed, a ratepayer as a foul, we hardly recognised tho Raphael to whom we have been accustomed. Simms addressed the ratepayers briefly, and in his usual genial style. The great objection urged against 3jim is that a man with so large a share of tuaciter in words, cannot b,ave enough of the fortiter in re, Mr Raphael's opponents, find their ex ponent in Jsjr Firuhaber, who says that ' Mr Raphael is too vulgar.' This is what you call plain English, very piaiti, though it does come from a German. When I am told my friend Sammy is vulgar I have nothing further to say, and must reserve further municipal news f^r next letter, by which time the election will be over. On Monday evening Commissioner Hamilton gave a dinner to the members of the metropolitan police force, who met in plain clothes, and sat down to a glorious feed, provided by Host Aldridge at the Prince of Wales Hotel. Mr Hamilton, having complimented the peelers on their conduct during the stay of His Royal Highness, called on them to drink tho health of the Prince and the officers and men of the Galatea. This having been enthusiastically responded to, the Commissioner left, and liis men went to work at the viands with amazing energy. Toasts, songs, recita tions, and varioas diversions followed. It was beau tiful tc see these great men unbend themselves in ' their hours of ease,' and ti find;that they possessed the feelings, the sympathies, and to eqme extent, the weaknesses of common humanity. Some engaged in what is popularly termed a ' ram dance,' which simply means that contrary to usual costume there is an utter and iameutable absence of fair terpsi- ; choreans; others appeared to be rehearsing scene* - they had witnessed, and talked parrot, or peeled and practised with the bunches of fives. However, all went off pleasantly ; a sufficient number of bobijie bad been obliged to saciifice festivity to duty, and the town was as quiet that night as usual. The Northern Territory order holders have been stirring up i}}£. Government again, a deputation having watted on the Chief Secretary to ask for their money, Of course they got the stereotyped answer that the Government woula endeavour to give them tbeir land, and if unable, must of course reimburse them. There is no other news of importance. Wheat keeps up; 5s. 6d. at the Port, and 5s. 3d. to 53. 4d. in town. Ix osr bnBinesES columns it will be seen that the steamer Wentwnrth is to fill the gup in car require ments for more certain and speedy communication with Poit Adelaide. The golden opinions this vessel earntd while at Port Adelaide during the visit of His Royal Highness, and her well-established character as a eea- going steamer, justify the hope that she will receive fair support as a trader ;. and when we find thj^J, she is to be under the manage ment of Cajjtaiu Smythe, sprmerly of the steamer Sturt, the public have an earnest that everything wiJl be done t - ensure tbe comfort of passengers and the prompt delivery of cargo. We beg to call the special attention of onr agri cultural friends to the advertisement in our issue of to-day of the prospectus of a proposed Agricultural B^nk for South Australia. The capital is to be half a million, in 100,000.sharee of £5 each. Among the promoters we recognise tbe names of many highly respectable gentlemen connected with agri cultural pursuits, whose names miiat be accepted a* & guarantee of good ifttitb, and a favourable omen of the success of the 6nterpri-e. The new Bank proposes to place special facilities within the reach of farmers, so as to enable them to make shipments of wheat to the English markets, the purchase of land at the Government. Un-i takx, and make such advances as may eijaUe the farming community 'lie chance of obtaining the highest value f.ir their produce. We shall be. happy to hear of the success of the promoters, and atriously call the attention of our readers to a careful peiusal of the advantagt-s and liberal provisions which the prusjif^to? offers by tbe establishment of ffejt »t-w Wk. 