NATIONAL CHARACTER s -.- (From the Westminster Gazette.) There are some things which appear difficult to I express in exactly the same proportion in which they are easy to conceive. A simple object can be seized at once by the intelligence, but it is quite another thing to express it accurately with the pen. multiplicity of words is somewhat antagonistic to simplicity of thought. A broken mirror may reflect the object, but it will be in a multitudinous and fragmentary manner. This difficulty does not always arise from the nature of human speech. We often imagine we possess very distinct notions, till by some accident we are forced to try our hand at putting them on paper. The very fact of taking up the pen seems to act as a dis- solvent on our power of conception. The vivid thought which we prided ourselves so much upon moves, and melts and runs into a cloud and dis- appears the moment we attempt to throw it into words." These notions possess a sort of affinity to ghosts, they disport themselves with all the greater boldness in proportion to the imbecility of the mind they inhabit. The more vivid they are, so much the more difficult to manage them. But there are other causes of this difficulty besides a poverty of mind. Men may not only be possessed I byan idea,which,whileithauntstheni,escapestheir apprehension ; they may also conceive a notion which bears about it all the notes of genuine thougbt,andyet,when they attempt to seize hold of it and force it into other words, like catching a pony in a field with a wisp of hay, it cleverly gives them the slip, and leaves them looking foolish with the experiment to try again, with probably about the same success. It is a much easier thing to repeat words than to fix the mind steadily on thought. A parrot, we presume, is not gifted with any power of analysis, or even with capacity to understand the force of words. But a parrot can talk. To make use of words is one thing, to understand them is another. Most animals can be taught to imitate certain sounds. Men are proverbially of the imitative class. Sheep do not walk more contentedly in each other's foot marks, than men follow each other in the groove of thought. To repeat what has been said before, without the trouble of having thought it out, requires very little intellectual wear and tear. Most men are simply echoes of another voice. Few think ; but all men talk, and then- rise, and declaim. The less the intellectual ballast, so much the more freely can the tongue disport itself. Now there are a variety of topics upon which men consider they have a right to speak. Of course matters of strict science, of theology, of jurisprudence, and such like, are the property of a certain class. Rut every man can talk of liberty, and progress, and free thought, and religion, and truth, and morality, and national character. These belong indiscriminately to all. These and kindred questions the multitude may to Be about with as they please and no one is thought presumptuous who ventures an off- hand opinion on them at a moment's notice. Men can speak fluently upon them and with ease. They have their opinions at their finger ends. They can go on arguing and beating round the bush till they have fairly muddled themselves, and effectually puzzled everybody else. Where the * eight of thought is absent there the consequent flow of words begins. Now there is a certain class of subjects upon which the public has so long made up its mind, that is, upon which it has so long ceased actively to think at all, that we have some hesitation in touching on it. We know well the force and inveteracy of habit. And we know there is no force and inveteracy equal to a formula of words, which by process of time and continual bandying about, has had all the thought knocked out of it. One might just as well try to ward off the blows of a bludgeon with an cnthymem as imagine it possible to overcome the immovable rigidity of stereotyped phraseology with argument or common sense. But, when to the inveteracy of habit, and the torpor of a satiated mind, is added the dictates of self-Lve, the case becomes ten times more difficult. How best the old formulas can be broken up, and the dried bones be decently buried away, while a new life of genuine thought can be implanted, is a problem which requires solution. We clearly see the delicacy of the task, Our thorough appreciation of it at once¡accounts for so long an introduction Now there is no imaginable question on which an Englishman thinks he has a greater right to speak than on the national character. And yet, of all others, this is a subject in which the difficulties we have just mentioned find a place. No matter; the Englishman's views, like a Newfoundland cod, have long ago been cut and dried for him. He wants no schooling on this point. It is simply preposterous to imagine that he does not know the very people amongst whom he has been bred and born, and is incapable of understanding them. Ask him and he will tell you at once that an Englishman is honest, manly, straightforward, and truthful. He is the magnanimous man. He possesses the noblest national gifts of any under the sun. He is plodding and persevering, and indomitable. He is the ancient Roman Angli- cised. He is comparatively the most perfect type of human nature that has been created. He has his faults, but so have others. He has done injustice, but who has not He may be a sinner, but he is the noblest of sinners. His worth is seen in the works of his head and hands. In the fruit of his thought, in the results of his skill, and the enterprise of his commerce. His strong, hard, practical sense, his stubborn energy have made him take the first place in the race, and carry away the prize. Such are the common- places which are continually repeated to the echo. They have been uttered a thousand times, and it is pleasant, and requires no thought to utter them again. To say we are the first people in the world, and to carry so pleasant a proposition by acclamation, and to raise it almost to a national axiom, is quite in accordance with the build of the public mind. Men do not object to flatter the national vanity at so trifling an intellectual cost. But this miserable and weary repetition, besides encouraging a sickly vanity, superinduced a very un- healthy stagnation of mind-a stagnation of mind upon a subject of the most vital national importance. If men allow their minds to crust over with unmeaning platitudes, they will never know anything of what lies beneath the surface. The traditional opinion of our superior worth is most likely to engender self-deception. It is so pleasing to indulge in these dreams of our own virtue and perfection, that they all the easier occupy the place of healthy thought. Have we advanced in our knowledge of the national character within the last hundred years ? Have we not been content to take up the cry which has been handed down by tradition, almost from time immemorial ; has any one made a serious study of the Englishman? Has any one taken so much interest in the improvements of his character, as many have in the breed of sheep and oxen, in studying the habits and functions of animal creation ? If the character which we give ourselves is mainly true, are we to be content with anything so vague and general, so unsatisfactory for practical work of Can our sayings of ourselves help us in the least? The fact is, this is one of those points in which we play the parrot. Why not break through the crust and sink into the depth of this important subject? For instance, do Englishmen ask themselves such questions as these ? And are they anxious for an answer T How is the national character formed ? What are its essentials? Who is the model man ? On whom should we form ourselves? Is there more than one type? Which is the most perfect? Should we tend towards it? Is the national character pagan or Christian, or a mixture of both ? Have we a clear idea of the character we should endeavor to develop in the child? What methods do we make use of to elicit it in youth ? What are the principles on this point in our schools, and colleges and universities? Is there any systematic process for forming men on a perfect model ? What are our aims, what our success ? Is there a model universally received For is the English character formed imperceptibly by the various influences which surround his education-is he fashioned into shape like a number of pebbles shaken in a bag ; is it simply the result of friction ? or is it the spontaneous growth of the natural man ? or is any great hero held up to imitation-Cromwell, or Newton, or Nelson, or Wellington ? These and a thousand questions more suggest trains of thought as interesting and often equally important with themselves. We sincerely hope that such questions as those have been seriously thought upon and carefully discussed. If men have blindly followed the picture of tradition they may possibly have fallen into serious error. The traditions of a race, and the radiance of national glory, are not always the best instruc- tion of mankind. The type of national perfec- tion may be an imperfect model. He who takes the accepted notion of an Englishman, however the Englishman may be in advance of other national characters, takes as his pattern that which itself requires a fairer form and a more perfect finish. He who does not look above and beyond a Rationality, is little better than the pagan Greek or Roman. Those sturdy pagans looked higher than this they looked with reverence on their gods, and strove to reach them. There was a Father- hood above them which knit them into one tod after which they strove. They moulded themselves on the higher form they knew. Plato and Cicero, the model Greek and the model Roman, held lofty notions of the righteous man. At times they almost appear to have been visited by a vision of a higher and purer morality than their own, though they fell continually to earth, their tendency was heavenwards, and their writing sparkle here and there, in a startling manner, with a purer . ay. The Greek especially had a more polished and a letter mind than our own, and the Roman, though more masculine and practical than the Greek, bears the stamp upon it of Athenian cultivation. The English mind is coarser and more material. Its elevation is due to Christianity. 