FRANCESCA VASARL"" ' An event of importance in the dramatic annals of the colony-the production of the first original tragedy written by a Victorian author took place at the Theatre Royal last night. To Melbourne belongs the credit of having, two years ago, first presented to an English audience a dramatic work of European reputation and we may now fairly claim to have in our midst talent for dramatic composition of no indifferent kind. Mr. John Finnamorc's tragedy, Francesca Arasari,"was issued from the Melbourne press in May, 1865, and the circumstance of its having been so long ignored, notwithstanding the favourable reviews that its appearance called forth, is only another instance of the disposi- tion in most new countries to doubt the merit of home productions. The plot is well constructed ; the unities of time, place, and action have been studiously observed and the theme, although it may be objected that it is an unhappy one, is powerfully treated. There are but four prominent characters in the play - the heroine (from whom the tragedy derives its name), the Count of Provence, Vinccntio (an Italian nobleman, supposed to be his friend), and Phillip Berenger (cousin to the count). There is no under plot, and the action never becomes involved. The scene is laid in Aix and the adjacent country, and the events in the story are supposed to occur about the middle of the twelfth century. Francesca Arasari is the discarded mistress of Vinccntio, who has conceived for her a deadly hatred because she published his infamy, and obliged him' to fly from Arcnicc. Finding her afterwards in Aix, seeking a high alliance, he meanly resolves to avenge himself by affect- ing a return of his old regard, aiding her in her ambitious projects, and marrying her to a nobleman, with the view of subsequently declaring her shame. As a return for his services in assisting her to a powerful position he exacts the promise that she will renew the tie which formerly bound them in Venice, when he demands it. To secure his own advancement in the state, Arin centre determines that the Count of Provence and Phillip Btirengcr, his cousin, who has already become enamoured of Francesca, shall be his victims. The count is introduced to Francesca as the daughter of a Venetian nobleman, at a masque, and forth- with falls in love. Francesca returns his passion, and for some time meditates revealing everything to him, but her resolution fails her at the critical moment. She makes the count, and immediately after the ceremony her husband is called away to repel some warlike incursion in the neighbourhood. Among the prisoners taken is an old man, Francesca's father, who acquaints the count with the past sins of his daughter and Vinccntio and at the same time his cousin, Phillip Beranger, who is dying from a wound received in battle, explains to him the snare into which he has fallen. F'rensicd with passion, but still doubting the truth of all he has heard, the count seeks his wife, and finds her contending with Vinccntio, who has come to demand fulfilment of the compact. To save herself from her hated seducer, she takes poison, and at this moment her father and the count appear upon, the scene. The count and Vincentio fight over the now lifeless body of Francesca, and the former falls mortally wounded. Vin- centre is removed in custody, and the count dies, calling on Francesca to receive him in a purer union than on earth. This is an outline of the story, which, if not a very pleasing or healthful one, is of strong human interest. The inability of the heroine to excite in any great degree the sympathies of an English audience is a grave defect in the play, and Mr. Finnamore has certainly not been happy in his choice of a subject. Poetical justice is not indispensable to a tragedy, and so the author seems to have thought in this instance for Vinccntio is permitted to triumph in his villanies, while Francesca, who was more sinned against than sinning, perishes and her husband, against whose integrity nothing appears, is slain by the hand of her seducer. However, the tragedy is unquestionably a work of considerable merit, and one which will be appreciated as much in the closet as on the stage. The drama is vigorously written, and the count's description of Arcnice to Francesca may be taken as a fair specimen of the not unpoetic diction : " 'Tis the shrine Of till the softer impulse of the soul ! front kings their crescents veil before her power, And in her palaces the Orient wealth Lies scatter d in profusion and the spoil Of Arab-land floats in exhaustless perfumes Along her silvery waves. The wanton breeze, Fresh from the kiss of ocean, o'er the cheek Voluptuous steals. At her caress the veins To wild pulsation swell, and languid eyes But hope' to save their sight with loveliness I For A'onns, as from Cythoroan spray, Robed in the rainbow which the Day-god gave, She sparkling sprang, those there her special shrine, And nations named Vonotia Throne of Love !" In the garden scene in the third act the count thus passionately declares himself : " Thy kits lins steeped mo In an Elysian cloud, and my rapt sense Sun cj s the earth its distance. LlngYlng now In this embrace, I could forgot the world, Nor feel It should it tottor 'neath my foot, And rush on chaos ! Then, out of void, would my adventurous mind Create another paradise I Alone AVo'd pace the verdant fields, and speechless gaze On cloudless skies. We'd view the far horizon, And the blue hills which imperceptibly Would need to heaven. We'd shelter 'neath the trees, And breathe the fragrant and ambrosia air ; And I would drain n nectar from thy lips were sweet than drink the feigned gods!" The mock invitation of Arincentio to Gré- going, to choose a lover from the workers at the bar), contained in the following lines, was happily delivered, and was evidently relished by the audience : " Clioosoyou the fresh and building rose of youth, AVlioro bloom and Innocence conjoined inflame The stated appetite ; or her whose life A'ot hovers on that pinnacle of doubt Where terminates Ino summer of our days, And autumn lends to winter. Choose the fair, Whose auburn tresses drop their silken wealth Over a neck whose tent beside the snow Looks no less white ; whose blue eyes' purity Is soft and scarelilcssas the author, and Which shows above the warm glow of her cheek As o'er the kindling sky of sunset shows The calm certain t Or, choose you the brunette, Who shoots resistless magic from the glance Of dreamy or of bright intelligence ! Whose brow is Beauty's throne, as over it How proud Cleopatra's locks ; whose Ups dissolve Their combined fragrance through the ambient air, Wooing the fierce and burning sense of man, Who fain would dwell there over, fancying Her form the heaven of eternity !" The fourth act of the tragedy should be the most effective; that it was not so is to be ascribed to the inability of amateurs to depict passion. Thus the despairing cry of the count on learning the dishonour of his wife fell flatly on the audience : " Now, welcome, Horrors! Yo crowd upon my brain-dusk images Float on my sight-and in my ear, a voice Howls out, ' Vasari I' Still It shrieks, ' Vasarl !' The last A'asail !' No, no, notes falso ! Frnncii.cn--my Frnneosen-my sweet love My own my "dearest ! Thou art purity Itself And I have doubted thee, Francesca ! And wherefore ? For thy name ! Thy smile alone Thy name condemned thee! Oh, devise some portico Sonto piinlslnnoiit-oro thou forgive me, love 1 A better proof, old man, than a more rain There are a hundred snell In Italy Give me some minor proof-ore thou canst hope To shape the firm conviction In my soul Of her Most spotlessness !" The following line passage, in which the count on recovering from his swoon, describes the phantasy which afflicted him, received the same scant justice : " Methought my foot strayed o'er the burning sands W.here desolation Is the universe I Ten thousand phantoms roared their ghastly heights In vastness undefined, Ten thousand shades Sato still and awful ! yet, within her eyes, Hol and distended, I could road of tortures Their forms betrayed not. Through the torrid air A never-ending throng, of elfin brood, Flitted in discord and upon the ground. i A myriad meagre shapes; which wanted strength i To soar, with useless wings encumbered, lay- i Uttering such baleful shrieks that I forgot My body's agony-all but the dread Of hearing their wild utterance I feel Distracted, and a deadly sickness chained Me down upon the heaving base of hell ; Forth from whose pores Diprose a horrid stench, Bathing mo In pollution ! With a leap I started up, and wildly gazed around ; And then I saw oh, horror ! On a peak, Uplifted from the Acheron below, Trembling and giddy my Francesca stood ! Black flames fell round her till she was enclosed With living tire, pregnant with hissing snakes, Which sprung on her, and, fastening in her hair, Wound their lithe forms around her neck, and down Her bosom crept ! into the boiling waves I desperate plunged But while struggled In The seething stream, aloft in middle air A ponderous and mighty shadow How To whom who tottering clung. The thereon seized Her shrinking form, and, o'er the dread profound, Stretched his vast wings to fly. As In Clio gloom Of darkest night glows -fKtnn, so his eyes Blazed in that Stygian blackness. With a smile Of mockery, he turned their glare on me : it was Vinccntio I sunk dismayed Deep in the' unfathomable fiery gulf His name upon my lips even as thy voice, Piercing the din, awakening !" The tragedy was performed last night for the benefit of the author by a company of amateurs, the majority of whom are connected with the Garrick Club, assisted by Miss Cleveland. The attendance was very good, considering the unfavourable weather. Perhaps it was unfortunate for Mr. Fin a more that the first representation of his play should have been entrusted to amateurs, who are not usually considered equal to such a task ; but nevertheless the performance created a favourable impression. Mr. H. J. Amery impersonated the Count of Provence Mr Finnamore, the author, played Phillip Berenger and Mr. W. H. Metcalfe was entrusted with the part of Vinccntio. Miss Cleveland was of course the heroine, and in her hands the character assumed as high a position as it can. Mr. Amery failed to do justice to the count, and many experienced actors would have been equally unsuccessful. Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Find more were better suited, and they may fairly divide the honours with Miss Cleveland. A little of the comic element is introduced to relieve the heaviness of one or two of the scenes, and this was monopolised by Mr. Marshall, the impersonator of Gregoire, a civic functionary. The stage version differs somewhat from the play as originally published, it having been found desirable to tone down a little of the Elizabethan warmth of colouring, but the plot, in all essentials, remains unaltered. On the next represention it would be well if the tedious speech put into the mouth of the count in the marriage scene were curtailed, or omitted altogether. The performances concluded with the farce of "The Irish Lion." Before the curtain rose on the tragedy, Mr. levers delivered the following prologue, written by Dr. Neild : " 'Good lack I a tragedy, and what is worse too, In five long acts, and in heroic verse too ;' I think I hear you say 'the failure certain ; On such a play how dare they raise the curtain? The time for tragedies has passed away ; Like powdered periwigs they've had their day. Dramas Elizabethan are so-so, And even ShalisiKmre now Is voted slow. Twas thus the other day, 'twixt puffs of smoke, In words oracular my best friend spoke ' Pooh, pooh,' he cried, a your arguments are waste, Sir; I know too well what is the public taste, sir. I know the current fancy of the town, And five-act tragedies will not go down, Sensation, Sir, is now the only cry, And all beside is passed unheeded by.' Said I, The public taste has gone astray, And needs directing in the proper way.' Said he Your theory's good, I make no doubt, Taste, perhaps, have got its seamy side without. It may be true, as has been often stated, That plays have shockingly deteriorated That tinsel, paint, red-tape, and clap-trap speeches Are now the texts from which the drama preaches ; That poetry from off the stage has vanished, And elocution very nearly banished. Granting all this, and, if you like. regretting That the old glory is for oversetting ; Granting, still further, that the duty's plain Of some one to restore the taste again To what it was in times now long gone by, I ask, Sir, who'll beginner and in reply Each manager, with headstocks says, " Not I." Nor can you greatly blame them when they give This curt reply, for they must please to Hvo ; And ere they reached this wished for reformation, The chances are they'll stumble on starvation.' Time then it happens that our play to-night, As you perceive, is out of fashion quite, And haply in its progress it may half, Because it is not it is Boucicault ; And yet. If all be right that critics say, Our author has well earned his crown of bay. 'Tis true, 'tis not of the sensation kind, And no red live through all its scenes you'll find ; Throughout no pizzicato strain will thrill you, No chords orchestral with emotion all you, No wondering ghost his winding-sheet all glory, But human passion in dramatic story, Framed in poetic verse. A tale oft told love and revenge but one that ne'er grows old ; For love and hatred are the same to-day As at the long-past epoch of our play. Lot, then, your hand our author s task approve, Since all must have sometimes, and all must love. And though It lacks the varnish of sensation, Trust me 'twill merit all your approbation." 