???'???' ' A EEVIEW: '?? ??' ? ?... ? Letters from Hell. . By M. Rowell. London: Richard Benxley. .. , . . : This book is a translation from the Danish; though there is' nothing on the title-page or in the preface to intimate the fact, or in the letters themselves either, unless it bo sonio strictures oh tho late Danish war, which could be written by none, but a Dane smarting from the bitterness of defeat. In tho prefaco, which- affects an air of profound solemnity, the author professes to vouch for the authenticity 01 tho letters ; without deigning, how ever, to furnish his readers with any means of test ing the question for themselves. Any ono ven-' turing' to entertain doubts on the subject is bluntly told that it will be the worso for him. We are some what' at a loss to determine tho author's . object in writing such a book as this. Wa3 it re venge ? A great Italian artist, who . flourished loncj ago, having painted a picture' of the last judgment, gave a finishing touch to it by placing conspicuously among the damned a certain cardinal against whom ho had a grudge. Has M. Rowell seen that picture? Did it occur to ,him that tho painter took a very effective mode of getting ?revenge ; and ' did' he think that he could improve upon it ? It certainly looks rather suspicious that he should be so savage against reviewers. ' Hell ; teems, with: ;them,' he says. ' We avoid them , as if they were mad dogs ; for they are as snappish as ever, and form one of -:the worst plagues in hell.' As it is evident the reviewers must have offended him, we are induced to ask how ? Has M. Rowell been .ambitious of authorship, and have they been against him ? . Is that it ? And so taking . heart; from the effect produced by the painter's brush, M. Rowell resumed his pen with the view of consigning his enemies to the bad place. Did he mean to write ' a satire upon human life generally ? His book has .all the effect of a' satire. It is just as if he had taken the roof off- every house, or rendered ita walls of glass, and after showing us what the inmates were doing, had stripped them naked to the very heart; revealing their inmost thoughts, and most secret det sires, so that we may each of Us see how vain and frivolous our life is far the most part, and to what utter nothingness it leads. Was it his object .'to write a novel on an original plan ? It may have been, for there is a good ', deal, of the novel about it. Interspersed with his descriptions of: hell, are recollections of his life on earth, and we get glimpses of his father, mother, and aunt,' of ' one young lady to1 whom he was betrothed, and of another young- lady whom he used very badly, and of several other characters such as we meet with in novels. The characters, however,- aro all feebly drawn, with one exception,, that of tlie old aunt, and the'story is anything but probable or coherent, Per-1 haps his .object, after all, was to write a religious treatise which should be more sensational than; sermons' and tracts usually are. His preface would lead us to think that he wrote with the view of frightening people into religion, and throughout he deals largely in religious advice. Looking at the book in that light, we must say that his theology is rather hazy at times, and that, however good his intentions may have been in trying to work upon human fear, experience proves that the religion which is -begotten of the fear of hell is not worth much. . . . ' ' . ' ? The hell here described is not exactly that of the popular theology. Neither is it the hell of Dante or, of Milton. It is rather the hell of Swodohborg. We do not mean to say that M.' Rowell is , a disciple of tho illustrious Swede, or ? that ho has even read his works. We think not ; but it is likely enough that,1 having at second-hand got hold of some of Sweden borg's modes of representing tho unseen world, he has worked them out in his own fasliion. . His hell is accordingly little else than a mimicry of earth; There are continents, islands, seas, lakes, rivers, mountains and forests in it. There are political and, social, distinctions. There, are cities, palaces, and hovela ; churches and theatres, cafes, promenades and balls ; post-offices, newspapers, and literature of all sorts. . There are armies and battles, kings, diplomatists and statesmen, valets and lady's maids, millionaire?! and beggars, ©escribing his own mode of life, in hell, tho writer tolls us that ho resides at a tasteful villa on the banks of a river, that he keeps up a nno esiauiisumenc, ana lives at a mgu rate. Ho takes his promenade in the afternoon, and moet3 with lady acquaintances, who aro .dressed in the latest fashion, crinolines, chignons and all. In tho evening ho attends social parties where there is eating and drinking and occasionally dancing, plenty of tattle and scandoJ, and jokes too. Ho affects' a steady, ?rospoctablo life' '' For,' says ho with naivete, ' not only are there several rospect ablo persons to be found here, but they actually form! tho greater proportion, just as they did in tho world.' ? They conduct themselves much in tho! same way too. For ho says :— 'It is a good' thing! that we can choose our society hero. I do not: know how wo conld endure it, if wo -wero obliged to associato with all tho riff-raff.' It would soem from this account that hell is not such a bad place ; to live in, after all. Takocai'e. This is oniy.ono' aspect of tho place— tho outward aspect of it. : Tho 1 hell here ? described is a mimicry of tho ? earth, : as wo said; but it i3 ghastly enough, and horriblo enough too, as we oro soon made to feel. When tho so-called lettor writer recovered his con sciousness after death, ho found that ho was only tho shadow of what ho had been. Tho oyea which saw, the teeth which gnashed, wero' not really existent, noither was any ? other part of his body. Tho . placo ho was in soemed at first a land of darkness ; whon ho got acoustomed to it, he could boo many pooplo and many tilings, but he. soon perceived that.everyhody helmet with was a shadow. like himself, and that the buildings and objects he saw ? were nothing but phantoms ; that , flip business in which the' people seeihed to bo engaged,,: and their ^social entertainments: were mere tricks of tho: imagination, meaning, nothing except1 as .revelations : of the thoughts and .desires of the heart. ? Their' very reality, in fact, consisted in their being revelations. Everybody and'. every- thing. -was transparent, so that nothing either in present thought or,-,. past deedcould be hid either from the individual himself : or from those around him. Ho was standing outside a tavern one1 day shortly after his 'arrival in this place of shadows, ' and as the tavern was transparent like .eveiy other building, he could see inside, wherp. apparently mirth and merriment prevailed, accompanied with' drinking, card playing and. dice. He entered, and, feeling rather cold, approached the fire that blazed cheerily on ' tlie hearth; but the firo imparted', .no more warmth than if it had been a painted representation of flamei Ono of the guests handed him a flagon,, asking him to drink ; but when -he placed it to his lips he found that he was quaffing a draught of pure nothingness. He asked.for an ex planation, and got it. To' his question,' '.'How has this house, :all this, come to bo ?': The landlord, after regarding him for a while Avith a strange expression of countenance, replied ' I thought it;-that's how it came to be.' Gradually .the explanation dawned upon him that no., sooner had they. conceived the idea of. any thing, than it was theirs. . V It, , was all plain now. The house was unreal ; the fire without warmth ; the tapers 'without light ; the cards, dice, and strong liquor— in short, everything down to the very patch in the landlord's white apron, where; the bunch of keys that dangled there had woi-na'hole, was all unreal. . Thero.was one thing, however, that was real : the terrible instinct that compelled these shadowy beings to cany on in the spirit and in ap pearance what they had done hi the flesh, and in real earnest. Tho landlord, to keep a debauched tavern; the guests, to . gamble, drink and curse. ; Though bitter despair ;- is ' in ??their heartsj they are impelled to ; assume an .appearance of merriment. : It was terrible,' Here' it; 'is thaji'Sve consider. M. Rowell to have borrowed from Sweden- - bbrg.' Every! one in hell .feels an irresistible im pulsb to carry 'out the desires by .which he was chiefly influenced when living on earth. ? He is ever conceiving ideas according to his prevailing desires, and with the: conception he, appears to get posses sion 'of what he wants ; but the , possession is. in appearance only, and incapable of affording any satisfaction, for it' 'is nothing but- -the momentary objectiveness of his own lust. This, is the Sweden borgian doctrine of, hell, as we, understand it, and this is the doctrine: set forth : in these letters. . The sufferings of the lost are the direct consequence of their sin. ' There is so heed for the infliction of torment from without. They :are simply left to be what they have mado themselves. It is a terrible doctrine, when we come to .think. of it..; It starts with the idea of hell being the.shadow of earth, but it ends in making hell a greater reality than earth ; for there is no such terrible reality as the revelation of self to self. ; . . . To embody such a doctrine, requires genius of the highest order. ?. M. Rowell has not got tho genius; but ho conceives occasionally with a force which seem3 almost to be' on the borders of it. There are gleams, too, of a grotesque humor in his attempts to impart reality to his shadows. It would he laugh able, but for the' hombleness of it.; And, again, the horribleness of the picture is upset by the feeble homilies, the' mauhderings and twaddle, in which he continually indulges. It. is a strange, weird, fear some book. To read it is -' like- haying the night mare. As might bo expected, there aro lots of episodes in it, and ? wo extract one which may serve to convey an idea1 of the author's stylo of treatment. ' I am thinking of getting the letter I am now writ ing conveyed by a very remarkable, maii, whom 'I reckon among the- -most, interesting acquaintances I havo. He is just bound on excursion to the world. He is one of Charles tho Bold's Paladins, who met his death, by a Swiss spear at Murfcen. Stiff and erect he marches about in full accoutre ments, not evon the. spurs are wanting, though thoy will .ring no longer, nor tho holniet phnno which no breeze will ever wave again. ' He always keeps his vizor down, and though I have often had many a good conversation with him, I have never yet got to see his face. He is ashamed of himself, so far as I can make out. ' Never- has ho been able to forget that ho, tho ? renowned, chival rous knight, succumbed ' under tho hand of a Avretched peasant'. His knightly dignity -seldom allows- him to ? associalo with any one ; and ho drags out his dark, monotonous existence in his armor in more than monastic soli tude. It was quito accidental that I came in closer contact with him. I happened on ono occasion to be in a public place, where, in my old style, I began to speak in admiration of tho splendid' wino of Boauno, adding that I had drunk it on tho spot. Whon tho others had loft, I -found myself alono with the man in armor. ' You have been' in Bur gundy?' he inquired in a hollow voice; 'Yes, noblo sir 1' And in Boaune, near Dijon ?' Again I answered in tho affirmative. Coto d'or, lovely, ever-to-bo-remembered land !' ho muttered in his vizor, and went away with his hoad bowed and his arms crossed. Thereupon ended our first interview.; but we mot frequently afterwards. By decrees ho soemed ; to take a liking to mo. Ho told mo many things ; about Charles tho Bold's magnificent court ; his grand' martial hosts ; about tho future- tho proud . Burgundian had looked forward to, about battles and tournaments, whence ho too had brought away many a trophy. Ho never alluded to Granson ? or Murten. I, on tho other hand, had to tell him of tho present condition and circumstances of tho formox-Duchy of Burgundy ; about tho power and oxploits of tho French Empire ; about the recent inventions in tho art of warfare, and of tho manner in which battles were decided now. -He listened to me in sheer amazement. But I managed to oxcite his full interest and gain his ontiro confidence when I happened to give him an account of my sojoimr among the Seventies, and the charming5 heights thatbranoh out. from, them, bearing the significant title Coto d'or. In 'my de scription of these regions, and from my experiences there, I was able to enter into minute, particulars. He asked question \ipon question* but there ceemed to be one question -which wa3. . continually. - on , his lips, but'which he'coiild. not . bring Jiimself to put. At last I happened to alliide to; the Castle Rpux. 'When I mentioned' this name a shudder passed through him, after which', he became, perfectly still find listeuod with breathless ; attention to , lny :tale. There was a great deal-to say about the- Castle : Roux ; and when I noticed how deeply .Ms interest ? was iuvDused, 1 was not backward; in telling hiin ;all ? I know.- It is an ancient mountain castle, re cently restored after its original quaint plan-; and, ? what; is but seldom the caso : with these, old castles, i3 heldiii great esteem by its owner, who.makeSj a point, of living there a great, portion of the year. The family iaxery old ; but the original name Rqux has hadto give way to another, not unknown in the annals oi France. The '..old castle, which in 'itself is a very remarkable . structure, .is very rich ,. in curiosities. I ? conducted my ? listener every .where with ine within the venerable:, walls, through the: labyrinthine. . corridors, . up and down' the neck-breaking, winding stairs ;, from the battlements; whence a good view, was to be, had oYer the whole of -th.it lovely, blessed country ; down into ° the terrible vaults, that ware cut out from the solid rock, where no; ray of light ever pierced, through -apartments! and iialls, from tho armory to the Knight's Hall — in short, everywhere. There . was -only one place into which I coul¬ take him , namely, into the so-called Red Chamber ; for I had ne.vor been- able to see it. myself. It was locked, and had never been trodbyhuman;foot, I was told. Several hundred years ago some .terrible scene, had been enacted there ; but what it was I. could not ;learn. Gn the, whole, the house-steward, who conducted me round, seemed very reserved respecting .the secret history of the ca3l-le, and of. the family. Certainly, he, told. me a goodtnany traditions. con- nected with the c.tstle and its neighborhood, but. none of them were of much importance. , What made the memory of the old place ineffaceable, was told me in a little village inn where. I passed a couple of nights. They had nothing deiinite, how ever, to tell me about the closed chamber. But there was another story connected with the place which was very remarkable. It was about the. so called' Cold Hand.' It was said thufc as - often, as the head of tho family had been on the poinlj of undertaking something which. would either redound, to the. injury or ignominy of the :hou3e, lie felt the pressure of the 'Cold.Haiul' at the critical moment. The same instant he stretched, out.his lun'd to bid a welcome, to, seize the . 3 word or the pen, an 103' cold hand was laid upon his; uot, however, always on the hand, but' sometimes upon. the., chin, .the neck, or the ?head. For centuries, down to' the present day, the ' Cold Hand ' has never quitted the family. The last time it was felt was in the time of the late head of the' family, when; ho was first thinking of marrying, at a very youthful age. .Just as, he was about to lay hold, of the pon, and sign tho marriage contract, in -the Knight's. ;Hall, where the company,' were assembled, A ho. ('.Cold H/ind.' was laid upon hisright hand, which was already stretched out. in the very, act of , writing.; , , Terrified, and turning, as pale as a corpse, the pen fell from his hand. The marriage was. broken ., off ;,., neither .prayers nor threats couldxver induce the , intended bridegroom to fulfil the contract.- ; Scandal was busy, and gare rise . to all sorts, of1 reports, in, addition , to the ? .story-., of . the .: '. Cold : Hand,' , which was ??. already . well known. . I ended my tale with. the remark that in such . family traditions one was at liberty to believe just aa much or as little, as one pleased, and that it-was difficult- to be able to form any: decided' opinion . about the matter. . Put on thi8 point the man in armor did not agree- witli me.' He shook hia liead, and said, in a hollow to tie : ' It is truth, man, word for word ! I am.the Count of Koux, the. last of .that nainel I am, the 'Cold Hand !' ' Involuntarily I drew back,; so deeply rooted are the- instincts wo bring ?with us from the world. Here, of course, no one is afraid of .ghosts ; here all hands are cold. Tlio Count of Roux sighed,. or rather groaned deeply., . ~. . . .-; 'Listen to ma,' ho, said ; ' I will tell, you my history. I novcr could make out clearly why I am come. into the torments of hell; it inus.t have beon, , ; if . '. such a thing is, conceivable, , because I was ? too religious' in the .world, ;Fpr, I was devoted, to, the. '.priesthood,,, heart ; and bouI, 'and took all its commandments upon m«;. In; the valleys of tho Sevennes, which, with tho Ciotq. d'or, issuo iroia the mountains, a colony of, Pro vencals had for centuries taken up. their residence, They were a peaceable, intelligent; orderly race, -and iu a material point of view, a real boon to the estate. But they, were, heretics, andformed a separate, re ligious' community by- themselves. : They were a roinnant of the Albigonses,, who had boon scattered ubout in these parts, and had immigrated unrler,,tho. title of 'Sabot people,? ?o).'1poor folks, from Lyons.!; For a long time they had kept their dissenting views a profound secret* contented if only they could-iind a refuge and- a- home. But , after, a- time when they became more powerful, they allowed their heresies to becdmemoro manifest. They maintained, for instance, that . tho Scriptures in, the .vernacular tongue should bo. .accessible to every one ; and that' it was .unnecessary, to believe anything but what, the Scriptures taught, and what was in accordauco with the Apostolic .Church. A, d-iu'geroua doctrine; in-,, deed 1 : And the time, pf course, must needs come when the ^priesthood should put . fprth their, whole strength to extirpate and root it out. That. critical, time arrived, in my ago. , As ,au obedient son. of the Church, I closed my eyes to tho .dog traction I was preparing for myself, and chased the heretics' out of my domains without any mercy; It was an Albi gension crusade in miniature A third part of my estate,. hitherto the most nourishing, henceforth' be came a very desort. Certainly nothing else could.havo made mo adhere to my good purpose than the conviction that I was thereby assuring myself a place in the kingdom of heaven, an opinion in which all tho priesthood, from tho highest to the lowest, confirmed me. However, at a later period I 'was well nigh repenting it. . The church . for Wliich I had done so much would in reality do nothing for m-- . On the contrary, they laid every conceivable im pod iment in tho way to my union with the fair Cyrilla, '. ofBroville, whom I had male the object of iny affec tions. ? As an excuse they alloged that Iwasdis?' tantly related to her: , What difficulties, what humilitioa I had to undergo! I besought, I threatened. I lavisihcl money :u,way. My high-born pvinco intoiwtud himself powerfully iu . my case, X had to go as]a pilgrim to ftome, vaA at last , ' after two years of lighting :and of tribulation, Lied my bride to the altar. ? In truth, had I been able to call the I Sabot people' back, I think' I. should have done so.! But . that was impossible.' So Cyrilla became ,'my wife, and was doubly dear be cause she had cost me so; much, and had. been 'so true to me. . For I.had had a rivaT,,apparently a dan gerous one,, in .the Count of ,-Tournailles. There would have ,. been ,n,o, impediirient, in. ithe waypf a, .union with him; buishe had preferred, to wait, and ,to wait long, , in . order to keep her promise to me. Forfivo' pr six years. I iya3 supremely happy ; those : were the brightest, days of my. life . . We were blessed .with two children , .a boy and. a; girl. .There wa'3 nothing wanting to complete my happiness. Atthat.timeDuke Charles called his faithful vassals to arms. '' With a valiant but bleeding. heart, I tore, .myself 'aw.iy and ; obeyed the summons. With the history of that un happy war you are of course acquainted. We ;gained an easy victory over Lorraine, arid then set out against the Swiss. . Grauspn, Murten, ' terrible recollections ! I do not even now understand how it really. happened; there must have been sonio hellish trick hi it- At Murten I fell, perished in great .distress, and opened my eyes here in tor-' ment. I,' who had so surely relied on coming into the kingdom of heaven, flung headlong into a comer of hell, by a peasant's stalwart list ! The'shamei the .indignation, 'can never, bo r pvorcome. ' And j'riy iovely wife. ;;My infant children! To shaine' and indignation succeeded ' a' consuming 'longing; I could find no peace ; I must back to the world, cost what it might. Thus I began to reappear, as ' a ghost. My tirst nocturnal wandering on earth is eternally imprinted on my mind. . Though the places by which I approached my former home were well and intimately known to me, I, felt myself, as a perfect stranger, so ill was I at ease. I had a feel ing, like that which a malefactor must have when bent upon the foul deed by .night. The smallest sound terrified me, even though it were but a withered loaf 'falling to the earth '.' I could easily have, shortened my suffering, and have reached my home in a trice',;, but it was as if I were compelled ,to , j-rotract , my .torture, by slowly .creeping from, pl9.ee to place,, arid by draining the bitter waters of memory, puce so sweet, to the ,very dregs. At length I emerged from thegrove, trembling all over. The -castle lay' in the bright moonlight close before inel I hovered about among the shadows. Oh, what a change had taken place in. me! ,1 was still the same person, but I knew myself no longer. I could have wept bitterly at that hour. In my lifetime; no tears ever came into my ,eyes, when I could have , wept. But now, after , death, I longed so to weep, but could not. I could . only shudder and shake. I' was. as unnerved as if I had been afraid of ghosts ; but it was myself that ..was the ghost, arid I hadndthirig.to fear'.' Oh, what a welcome home' ! The vane on the turret creaked, so that .,' it] cut me to the heart . ; ' the dogs howled; the cattle became tineasy in their stallu. Was it .not my favorite charger that, -vas pay/ing ,the ground ?, Thief -like I stole into the' castle, and gHded through tlie ^corridors, from room to room. How enipiy, how comfortless, it all was ! I must see iny children first'. 1'found them inthe sweet slumber of innocence, so fresh, so rd'diarii, beaming with' liealtli. and strength. The nurse' lay in a deep 'sleep , '. arid was snoring loudly. Never had I felt as I 'did how! My heart bui'ned with a tenderness that was quite, quite .in vain'.' There. they lay before mo, my own ne.sli.and blood ; but they were mine no longer. I had.no part in them. Idarod not, take them in my arms, and hug ^hem to my breast : they would have died, from terror.' I could only sigh and. turn hastily away and vanish. Hero was a heaven, but I, their father, was in hell ! So I passed along the way. Lliad. so, often gone to our bedroom with its bridal couuh. It is that', room which is'locked; arid which is never. ^entered by any one. ' I paused at the ' tlireshbid, overwliehncd- by. strange feelings.; I ? should seo- lier 'once jnoro— her !' I saw her' again,' resting in another man's arins; arid this' man was my former rival, the Count of Tourhailles ! '.' For 11 moiaerit I was j as it were paralysed at the unholy sight. ' She ivas' lying, beautiful as ever, with her bosom half exposed, in his arms. Oh, nairieless agony!' I, I to whom she had sworn an eternal ?fidelity, was not only forgotten but betrayed. How false, .then, was that lovely bo3om ! 'Unhappy one, hast thpri , forgotten thine paths, or is it thus that tlidu honoresf my mem try ? In im potent firry I clenched my hands, 'and set iny . chattering teeth ' togqther. , . What could I' do| ? ,At -least I wpuld. awaken her. I extended iny .ai-ni farther and, farther over the bed, and laid my hand upon her naked' shoulder. ' She started up at the icy touch ';' filie saw lrie— I must have been a terrible sight— aud then, uttering d wailing' cry, swooned away. My indignation knew no' boundy. From that hoiir I persecuted her wh'ereyor she went, liyiien she. least expected it she: had to feel my cold .haiidV, But she never saw life 'again;' and this, I .think, made my presence' all the'viridre terrible. . It was especially at night that I watched her ; never again did she find driyrest in his arms. My cold hand lay 'between them. Day by day they ' became paler and wasted away-; at last, they could endure' it no ? longer, and mutually agreed to, aeparate. She wept, iiitoa corivent. Thenbefortli I had to lb'av'e her in peace. In the convent she gave birth to a son; who became the founder of the new family at the Castle Itoux, My own children died. That ( was the lust great sorrow I had in the world above. But it ..changed my heart as it were ; I. felt a sort of con 'trition. ' Perjiaps I.had been too 'soverd . with her. A,dpad man is. up raan, and ? Ka3 no longer ' any .claims.'. She, however, was a youii^ woman in whom the warmth ' of life still gloWod ; naturo and tlie world had still their claims upon her. 'I subjected mysolf to a, kind of penance. I B'wote a. sPle'mn qa|h that X- would watch over Cyrilla's1 son by hnr new .marriage and oyor his posterity throughout all time.' From that time datea the, 'Cold' Hand ' in tlie Castle Koux.. I have au irifalliblo feeling when any one of the ' family is, about to take; any ? disastrous step , 'or form . ' airy calamitous ' deter mination'.',', So I have no^longer any peace in ' hell, , but ' must wander 'back to ,', the world. Aud at , the . critical mordent I interfere. With brit fe\V exceptions every head of tko lionse in; this 'family, niau or woman, has folt the ' Cold Haii-l' one or more' times, and thus, it; will continue till tho family exists no more. Even now I feel myself summoned again' in my, heart ; in a little while I must return onco morp to earth. Wh^t is hii2)pen iiig I do not know; but,I,knpw my timo, arid tl:o 'Cold Hand' will' novdr fail in its ,errand.' Thus ended thp Count of Roux, and' sank into a deep reverie, soon of ler which ho ieft,me. , ,Biit I Khali 'meet him again, and I -hope he /frill bo tho baiirbr' of ,tho presdnt lotter. You naturally nsk,-' :i Slxu.ll you not como ypiu'ijcif eonio i-ma or oilier? Wby do ottaers cowq oo^not you?^ I scarcely knoiy how to answer. Truly- 1 feel .it might be that-I paid a flying visit to the world. It depends upon a certain inward necessity. If I1' felt it, . naturally I ? should have to go. But it .wPuld not be f oi* the best ; it would b,e but' an addition to. .'my' 'sufferings, arid, therefore^ I shudder at', tho thought!^ Iddriotknow, ; but I have an 'idea that the' devil lias his hand in' it. G/od certainly, mixes up in nothing here. If, ' one, however, has got o, permission froni hell, the whole world lies opeu to him. But that, iri; reality, would only moan, ' that a place of tbrment; nuinber two, has been found.' It is a fearful thought, is it not ? It' brings, ' all the anguish of death back to my heart. Ko, now I hope to be confined to hell to fulfil my 1 sufferings in a natural way. ' Say ' now, if you dare, ' tliat'orib cannot hope in hell !' : ' ' ' ' 