A GLASGOW "ENOCH ARDEN." ST?ANOE STONY OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY. (From the Glasgow Herald.) If Tennyson wanted a case to prove the possibility of the incident upon which his latest poem " Enoch Arden " is founded, we are in the position of being able to supply him-with one, the.scene of which is laid in this city, and which we have taken particular care to authenticate. In the month of March, 1858, the dead body ofa man was found floating in the Clyde, somewhere above the bridges, and taken to the Humane Society's Receiving House,where it lay for identification. It curiously hap pened at this very time that two men went amissing in Glasgow, the husbands respco. tively of Mrs. S. and of Mrs. T. A gentle man, a friend of the latter woman, knowing of the strange absence of Mr. T., called at the dead.house to look at the corpse of the drowned man, which was considerably de composed, and could only be identified by marks not wholly dependent on corporeal pro servation. After a minute inspeotion this gentleman came away convinced that the body was unquestionably that of Mr. T., to whnso wife or widow -Ie communicated his donviction. Unwilling, however, to believo that her husband either by accident or desiun had come to such an end, the womarn declined at first to visit the dead.hous- for the purpose of setting the matter at redt. But the pro priety of her doing so was presented to her in so strong a light, that sIhe at length con sented to accompany her friend, although she still held out against the possibility of the dead, body being that of her husband. She could not, of course, be otherwise than satis fied bf the truth of her belief, when on ar rivini at the dead-house it was found that the corpse had been already claimed by the other womm as the body of hrer husband, who had also oane amissing. This put an end for the time to the more serious side of Mtrs. T.'s anxiety, and she returned home therefore oompcratively comforted-her relief, however, beingbhe measure of the apparently authentic widov's grief. It will serve to show the cer taintJ of this woman as to the identity of the corpsu'she had claimed and taken homo,when we mention that sihe applied for and received six o;seven pounds of funeral money from the Lvor Society, of which her husband had been %' member. The remains of the man were buried in due course, and the widow morured as for the death of one whom she shoul(never again behold. Little did she or her friends dream of the remarkable manner in whtcit the genuineness of her sorrow was to be spedily tested. In these days. no person expeca to see a ghost; neither did Mrs. S. expeollto see one shortly after the funeral of the drowned man; but if for one awful mo ment about this time she was under the im- I pressidn that she saw the ghost of her hus- I band,,se!o might well be excused, for that bus- I bond,' ;a, propria veraona, did actually, on eve?ing pen the door of his own house, and/ I walk qui tly into the presence of his really terrified ife. It thus became clear that it I was the orpso of some other man which the I dutiful ifo had buried. So far, therefore, t there w no death in this family, but death was in t a wind, and would not be baulked of some fu her prey. That prey was not far to t seek; it appears that this poor creature, I at the ti io bf her husband's disappearanceo, was in omowhat delicate health, and the E shock s received at the sudden and totally I unexpeo d apparitione of his proper self F alrected or so profoundly, both physically I and me tally, that it was regarded as the i proxima cause of her death, which took r place no long afterwards. The husband also I sickened and died, and the origin of his n malady a at the time pointedly attributed to the unortunate part he had acted in the affair of a wife's death, of which he was in so large 4 measure the unintentional cause. I Thus end4 the tragic prologue to our present story. The 'nse now stood thus:-As tie body I which had been buried was not that of the person'it was presumed to be, and it was still otherwise unclaimed, the question arose Might'itnot, after all, have been the corpe of Air. T., whose wife was so unwilling to be. I lieve that her husband was doad ? Probe bility was certainly in favor of. sanh presump tion; and the gentleman whom we have mentioned as having inspeoted the body of the drowned man, and who was personally acquainted with Mr. T., returned to his original belief, holding it more tenaciously than ever, as to the idntity of the corpse. Naturally, of course, the arguments which Mrs. T. formerly repelled as inadequate, now received some color of aunthenticity from the now circumstances. We shall briefly refer to those arguments, which, as will be seen in the sequel, are carious in a threefold sense. In the first place, the husband of Mrs. T. was of short stature, and stout-so was the husband of the other woman-and so was the body of the drowned man. In the next place, Mrs. T.'s hnsband wore, when he disappeared, a neck scarf of a certain pattern-the husband of the other woman wore an exactly similar sarf- and so did the body that was picked from the Clyde. Again, Mr. T. was known, when hbe left home, to have one of his boots patched in a peculiar manner-coo of the boots of the other woman's husband was also patched in the same stylo-and of the boots worn by the dead body, one of them was patched exactly like that of the other two. These triple coin oidences waere, however, rather curious than mavellous or convincing as arguments. Tbousand of men are short and stout; thou sands of mna wear cravats of a similar pat tern; and thousands of men wear their hoots in the same manner, and are therefore obliged o have them patched in similar style. nother small coincidence may be added. . T. was known to have been a regular rider of Reynolde' nliscellany. and a copy of tlt periodical was found in the cent pocket i obho drowned man when he was taken from a tliriver. But all such facts put.together, I as arguments, must ever be inclusive in I co so serious nas the identityof a humanbody. Ti most singular coincidence in the present a fl', *however, remains to be indicated. We Ih already said that the body was a good a deldecomposed. This was particularly true of is face, but other parts were better pro. seied, and especially the left hand, the thnb of which at the bowl was unusually en. Inaed. Now, this was a peculiar feature of T. left hand, and when the gentleman whose colection withthe affair we have already men u tired, went to view the body, one of the first s thgs he did was to examine the left hand to a sctwhat size of thumb was there. His sur f pri and grief were great indeed when he dis a coved this remarkable feature on the hand r of ti dead man, which at once convinced him thatthe body he saw there was that of his I frle} But here again begins the singe. lariti of the matter. The husband of the Sothbeoman had else an exaggerated thumb; a and was in fact partly, if not wholly, by this'iark that she identified the body as that t of he' siog partner. Thus, then, the re turna f the one husband, as above detailed, provel at he at least had escaped a watery grave; hile the continued absence of the otbhr band greatly strengthened the proba. biliy tit the corpse claimed and buried ner a ther name, and on account of which fuatral oney had been received, was the body of r. T. Lhbso instances, as we have already said, occnrre in the spring of 1858. When Mrs. T.'shn and disappeared, she was not only left wh I' onprovided for, in a wordly point of vie lot she had two young children to increase tie weight of her responsibility and deepen be subsequent sorrow; for, after this event herbourse of life was one continual struggle ath adversity, in which she was for. same time defeated at every point. It is neither' pemissiblo nor is it necessary to repeat or ;tory up to tihe present year,butif it were 4 itwould present too painful a pitoure for pl snrt reading. Two or three points will a ce to link the past with the present. In the rat place, Mrs. T.'s two children died, one aft the other, under circumstances of an exceed gly sad nature. These deaths were like no blows dealt upon old, but still open soars o ticings, not even the faintest trace, of her absent husband having reached her from y quarter. The weary,. laborious month hlngthened themselves into years, yet still no tidings; and at last the poor woman began t think that her friend was right in his persistet declaration that it was her husband who wa drowned in the Clyde. Slowly as other ye a paised away without bringing the slightest tint of the absent one, her unwilling fears th t she was indeed a widow hardened themnsel a into actual conviction. There was no rtheless a clinging element of doubt in hq ind, and she repelled for a time cer tai n eors who would willingly have made her ifs a second time; for she was still comi arttively young. and rather good looking. By t e beginning of the present year, however, all pe Lad died out of her heart that she shounl ever again see her husband alive in ttis. world. She believed, in fact, that h'o was dead, and this belief was =deepened by ciroumstance which occurred'in March lost. The gentleman who had taken such an ,interest in her case, at.d who had seen the body of her drowned husband, as be supposed, died of consumption. But on his deathbed he it the most solemn manner reiterated to her Lis unklhaken belief that Mr. T. was dead, and sar d her that she might, with a good consdenc before God, take anotiher husband. It was no eight yeara since the disappear. anoj ofM M. T. She at length fully believed herself a idow, and consented to marry a second time. But even then, in order to dia sipate tOle possibility of [doubt, the widow, before t e marriage, visited her first husband's relative in Ayrshire, to make sure that they knew or tad heard nothing of the long-absent man. .They assured her that they were as absolutey in the dark as hIerself regarding the fate of teir friend. This wis enough. She returned horne to Glasgow satisfied, . was married a Mr. Sf., iher second husbantd, in the bega ing of April last, and, up till withia tmonths ago, was living happily By thesuccesailve statements, the reader is proibn prepared to learn that this sadly tr;o tale onyetery culminates in a pecltiar manner an at perhaps thie unluckiost stage ot it. This, we- confess, is the un fortunato ofaet; for about six or eight weei since the husband who was supposed, sf.not'without fair circumstantial evidence, toav been drowned in the Olyde presented himself suddenly in Glasgow. The effect of his coming may be imagined. No ghost from~ the grave could have startled more the person upon whom he first called, inquiring after his wife. It seemed an extra. ordinary case of the "Dead Alive." The surprise was speedily over on the one side, and it was soon the absentee's turn to be sur prised whena in reply to a question, he was informed that his wife was certainly living, but married to another man-though how he could be strprised at any fate which might have befalbn the poor creature it is not easy to conceive, considering, that she .had been deserted eight years and a' half before, and left penniless, resonreeless, almost- friendless, and with two children. We have now reached delcate ground, and desire to speak with all circumspection. Not muoh more in the meantime, however, remains to be added. The returned husband and his wife-a wife in. a double sense - had of course in interview, theatnature of which may, be partly ' conceived when we' say that, for pathos, the great master of sensa tionalism could not in his finest moods ap proach it. It was a peculiarly ornel position for the wife, who had for so many years toiled and suffered, and only at the last moment got into something like smooth water. The ques tion will naturally occur-Where was the husband all this time P Simply in England, quietly pursuing his trade, and, we may pre same, living a comparatively comfortable life. We say nothing abour his motives for such conduct, although we have heard something about thoe~; but the mere fact of snuch a pro. longed abbence in a land of railways, post offices, an4 telegraphs, without communicating to his wifd,or friends a single syllable as to his whereabouts, has by no means a comely appearance - The wife has twenty defences, but for sue conduct on the part of the has band there eems no defence whatever. As, however, have at present nothing to do with the le al or moral bearings of the case, we suspen the narrative; but in doing so it may be pe issible to hope that the parties concerned it may be actuated by the spirit of wisdom hould any attempt be made to on f settle pres t arrangements-which we ham. I bly think ould he inadvisable, for reasons of a pefectly nessable nqturo. Who th man was whose body was found in the Clyde, nd who so closely resembled two other men then alive, is likely to remain a mystery fo ever. 