VISIT OF THE lf.O. BISHOP OF ADELAIDE TO UvUST GAMBIEE. j The Right Key. Dr. HUiel having announced bis i I intention of visiting Mount Gambler on Friday, I tire ISth instant, a large number of the Catho ic ; community prepared to meet His Lordship and to give him a hearty welcome on this his first visit. ; But Dr. Shiel having been taken suddenly ill, ; deemed it advisable to proceed !«■ the Mount more rapidly than li3 had intended, thus anticipating Presbytery -shortly before 7 p.m. on Thursday, t hi Saturday a deputation waited upon him, and the following address, which was printed nuon wliite silk and edged with fringe, was presented to him " To the Bight Kev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. " tVe the Catholics of Mount Gambler take this our first opportunity to oti'er our hear - felt congratu ations on yosr Lordship's recent elevation to the Sie of Adelaide, and to testify the joy we experience at your arrival amongst us. Your well-known reputatien a- a zealous and devoted pastor, and especially your elect-on by the Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God as one of the successors of the Apostles, inspire us with sentiments of confidence that the interests of our holy faith will flourish more and more in your paternal hands, and in confirmation of this we have only to glance at the many ivories in aid of reiigion inaugurated by your Lordship's seal and charity. " Remotely situated as we are from the centre of i the diocese, and notwithstanding so many years J have elapsed since we enjoyed tlie hapiincss of | welcoming our Bishop, we sincerely trust that the j labours of our faithful clergj have not been with out friliu and we will also venture to add that in attachment to the Holy Bee, and in the lespeet and veneration that ate due to the Episcopal character, we may srot bear an unfavourable -comparison with the Catholics of more mighty favoured dis tricts. *' Praying that God may long spare your Lord ship to preside over us as a fatlier and apostle, aud promising on our part the most hearty co-operation and filial -obedience, we once more bi-l you a hearty welcome and beg your Lordship's Episcopal bles Biug. " Tugs. FIonan. Michael Bfake. " Jas. Ovli.es. Philip Iiian. " J no. Bennett. Chaiu.es Fox." His Lukhship thanked the deputation for the address, and remarked that every part of it was pervaded liy a Catholic spirit. Since he bad no personal claims upon them he accepted the com pliment as paid to him ic the capacity of aCrthofic Bishop. He was gratified at the allusion in it to lite Pastor of the Mount Gambier Church, as he knew from personal observation that the compli ment was well deserved. He was also gratified at their willingness to co operate with him iu any undertaking for the benefit of the Church. Oil Sunday morning the Bishop, assisted by the Very Kev. the Dean and the Kev. J. PI T. Woods, celebrated Mass and administered Holy Commu nion in presence of a large congregaiion, and at 11 o'ciock he administered the Sacrament of Con firmation. The charch was crowded to excess, people of all denominations being present to wit ness the ceremony. Eighty-three candidates pre sented themselves for confirmation, the majority wearing white veils, which, iu addj'iun to the decorations of the church with wreatiis of flowers and evergreens, rendered the ceremony imposing. Over the altar was a scroll with the device •' Wel come to our Bishop," worked in green leaves 011 a white ground. His Lordship was assisted by the Veiy Bev. the Dean, the Kev. J. E. T. Woods, the Kev. J. X. Hinterockcr, and the Kev. C. Von dor Heyden. Prayers were read in the evening by the Rev. C. Von der Heyder, after which the Bishop delivered a most edifying discourse, in which he alluded to the fact of our Saviour being brought to tlie temple at as early age by his parents, gaud reminded Christian parents cf the solemn obliga tion they were under with regard to their children. The choir, consisting of the tchool children, sang several hymns and the Litany. His Lordship expressed himself much pleased with the progress tliey had made, as they sang in a manner which reflected great credit on their teachers, and on the Kev. C. Von der Heyden, who bestows much care and time on them. On Monday evening the Kev. J. N. Hintcrocker delivered a sermon in German to a large congregation, in cluding several of the leading German Protes tants, who expressed universal satis'actiou at the rev. gentleman's eloquent and instructive discourse, in which he demonstrated the unity of the Church. On Monday morning Dr. fi.hiel, accompanied by his Secretary and the Dean, 1 started for IVnnln whence ha will nrnrppd to llamiltoii. CorrcjiiundcA!. SouthAu.sthat.iax Wesley an Magazine—We have received a copy of the tVerfeyitn Majazim: for the current month. Among other topics suit able to such a periodical, it contains extracts from several very interesting letters from the Hev. Win. Taylor, who is still labouring in Cad'rarin, Cape Colony, end No tab There is a notice of the death and funeral of the late Rev. Wm. M. Bunting, and an article on the now defunct Marriage Bill, which we presume accords with the views of many in the \Vesleyan body. Axs'.YKUiLf).—A school iu Massachusetts was under examination, v. hen one of the examiners said- "If you Ind a mince-pie. and should give three-twelfths !o John, throe-twelfths to Isaac, and should keep lialf the pie yourself, what would there lie !ci:There was a profound study among the scholar?, hut iin.a'ly one lad held up his hand as a signal rivet he was ready to answer. "Well, Sir, what would there lie left 1 Speak up loud, so (hat ail can hear,""' said the examiner, j "The plate." -homed the hopeful fellow. The | examiner turned led ia the fare, while the school j rung with the laughter of his colleagues. 