SUBSTANCE AND SHADOW.— A fellow went to the parish priest and told him, with a long face that he had seen a ghost. 'When and where ?' said the pastor. 'Last night,' replied the man, 'I was passing by the Church and up against the wall of it did I behold the spectre !' 'In what shape did it appear ?' 'It appeared in the shape of a great ass.' 'Go home and hold your tongue about it,' rejoined he, "you are a very timid man, and have been frightened by your own shadow. MARRIAGE LAW IN GERMANY.—Among the antiquated laws and customs of some of the smaller German states which will be abolished on their annexation to Prussia, not the least curious are those relating to marriage. In Electoral Hesse no man was allowed to marry if under 22 years of age, and no woman if under 18. The result of this somewhat severe law was that while in other countries girls try to make people believe they are "sweet seventeen" for many years after they have left school, the Hessian young ladies often declare themselves to be 18 years old long before they have reached that age. The Prussian authorities, however, will change all that, the law of Prussia making minimum marriageable age 18 for a man, and 14 for a woman. In Wurtemburg men are not allow- ed to marry under 25, except by special dis- pensation. A curious law, said to date from the time of the Visigoths also exists in that country, forbidding any woman to marry a man 12 years younger than herself. In other German States similar anomalies occur. Thus, in Saxony the minimum age for a man is 21; for the woman there is no restriction. In Austria a boy of 14 may marry a girl of 12 ; while in Baden marriages where the bridegroom is under 25, or the bride under 18, are not allowed unless sanctioned by the police authorities. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.-Fear not.—Though surrounded by circumstances disad vantageous to health, these remedies, properly applied, will cut short fevers, influenza, inflamma tion, diphtheria, and a host of other complaints aways lurking about to seize on the weak, forlorn, or unwary. The superiority of Holloway's medi cines over others for subduing disease has been so widely and fully proved, that it is only necessary to ask the afflicted to give then a trial, and if the instructions folded round them be followed no disappointment will ever ensue, nor dangerous consequence result. 