NOTES ON TUE SIONTI{. Lonnox,, July 26. Tirn month hlis been a month of feostivity and loliday-mnking'. Johu1 Boll has been "seeing company," and playing the host to a variety of distinguished foreigners. Tile Sultan has boon hlero and thio Viceroy of Egypt; and the :Belgans, two thouoand four hundred strong. Thoy havo on'ih and all been entertained in tlie national manner \--that is to say, they have boon made to eat and drink freely-the childron of tile prophet and the christians indiscriminatoly. Thoy have partaken of what is called the hospitality of the nation-that is to say, they have boon treated to banquets at tile Gtuildhall, to profilso speeches, to cheering of excited mobs, and ringing of church-belle. Chief among our guests, by his high rankl and singular quality, is the Padiohah, the Ktialeof-ol- Iolam, the Commander of the Faithfal, the Successor of the Imaumo, and Representativo of the Prophet, known to tie infidel dogs as hIis Imperial Majosty Abdul Azziz Mlihan, Sultan of Turkey. Surely this is the most extraordinary visitor which Eng land has ever had since sohe was a nation, wlhoso very announcement was enough to make our stone liniglhts in the Temple Church uncross their logs and grasp tholr swords. That M[olhamed and Termagaunt should be hers in person, on Christian soil, was moirtel enough. That lie should be welcomed as an hlonoured guest, cheered in the streets by an English mob, and feasted by the Lord Mlayor, were surely the crown of all the wonders. I could not help think bng, as I stood at one of tile windows of mine host of the Golden Cioss, who had doecked his froiit all over with flags, and hoard the bells of St. Mrartin's ringing out lustily as a little podgy, bow-logged Turk€, with the regular Sar-acn's head undor, a big fez, entered the royal carriage from the raih-ay-station, of all the strangeness of this rare vision. To the Suiltan, perhaps, the thing was no less startling, thougl, lito a well-bred Mroslem, he took care to wear the usual vizor of sleepy indifference on liis heavy features. I can only compare his look to that bored exprossion which the lion wears at the Zoo, upon a Sunday afternoon, when lie is mobbed by thie swells and has a look-out over a forest of cd~asions. *Wiis lie thinking of what his ancestor Otliman, Bajazot tle Terrible, or Matinioud, whto took Constantinople, woulhl have said, could any of those illustrious potentates have soon his degenerate descendant? Was lie reckoning how perilous would he hlis walk over the sword-edge which leads to Ehlhis, when it would be sot against him that hle had hob-nobbod with thle chilhlren of the infidel, and feasted and drunlk wins with those sons of burnt fnthorsi? Was he gazini, at the moon-faced beauties of the Frank, and meditating upon an increase to his hiarem stock? Yot Abdul Azzi-, we leur, is a chaste and tomperate prinlc, tiot after tle manner of tilekind, who hlas onily one wife to his name, and acceptls her is sufficient. Heo was sutficienith- wellledu cated in tile manners of thie WVest inOt to show any marked surprise at his receptiosi. The Turk is, in fact, what wetc are too prone to forgot, as much a Euirojpean as iin Asiatic. 1Ilo is a civilized t,,,h,,r, atid n,,t a savage, itnd is fauihhii- swith, luxury- and re finement. Thie Sultan hliself tohis ,lsni be a man of consideruihulo poresnal iitellhi genre, nuid though thisis lili first visit to the ',\est, he mutt have coma not altogether onprepared to seeo and hoar that which was (It\,rell to,(1 Iris 10 v 1s1ou u lii hlisariog. ]Froll a passing glimpse thatt I nitnaged to olbtaiu of the PaliliaHhl's counttiun'ncO it 0s0e10(d to me tlhnt tie prevailing, exnpression in his carefully set featuresw.as one of hanghty mnelhecloly. Tho reprcseetatlvo of Othoman couhl inot ht contriust the evidences of tfhe wealt~h, thoe pooer, and tho civilisation which he saw arouttnd him, with wliat he laid left heirhind him iti Tarkey.. As an earniest re formier aud civilioer in his owsn domision, he mnuet alvo felt hoat very far the 'lJcrk is still budil his competitors in the race for mnpire. H"o must have beon visited alumost by a feeling of despair, when le looked tlpon the signs istoaud hitm, atId tlhoiglit of all tle clanges that Il(111 happleied since the 'lark was eisoatel of E,,rop). ,\ras it pos sible thaet ansy rialer cotld, hi dvraoc Tluirkey is to brinfg tier once (toie on a hi 1(5o01 ewil h her rivalos? Cutil the civilisanltihi hliichi wis ineedcd for the Turk, before lie could h1oh1l his oen in the race, be m0ad(e comtpatiblo with the religioii of ,olimsned? Such tlloutglhts must have passed tliroitghl the nind of the Sultan, as lie surveyed the nlUmerous evideicos aroaiiil hiem ot power, of refinoment, and of comfort. Iii Paris lie niiglit have admired the unparalleled lboauty anti sloendour of the ilow streets, the gemnemal appearance of hluary, the oviderucos of military force; but in Loudoui it ras a n1(w setCCtchlo e which wa(s offered to thie rtlher of Turkey--osue eve moro likely to isita1e ai ll (ipiessionl npi0 l i .il E?sltOlin miinild. It weas the sight of solid wrealhi --of sIICeesfid iedastry--of indlvidanl freeduom. WeVo 1(1, no ilntoe5rn(niolinl oxposition to show hike. We cotilIl treat him to iio sltcl Im portle hospitality. We have ilit a stnl!l army, and we doit't keep it for slhow, or for Ilouio use. Loiidoii itself (s a city t;)r plea slire is niot to be colpared writli Parle. It is our great worksholl, mnot oemly otir place of recreation. Bat I doubt wliothier the Sul tain, as lie passed tllrough the vast ecrowds elhich lid assembled about hilo rouite to do him lotiinour, ras not iiore impressed ewith the genuine aiid speuitleoious welcomne whlichi hlo received, rough though it meut hlars been, thau with illa thio decorous nlod raegu: inled demonstrations of the Parisian multi tudo. TIie Sultan lias come and hls gone, having: taken liso lleasnre w1ith tinst((l pa(tience isod coulralge. A good deal of lbotlI of these quaslifications wore required, as will Ibe s0e0 lby a list of the convivihlitios in which eve h(dnlulgodl upon the occasion, in the trluly BIritishi mnianir. Tliere was the fete at thle Gluildlhall, whliici is eeor a poudoreois and11( serious atfair, riti my Lord M[ayor's speechies (rod. the aldlermanlsiic gauzzling. Tlloi there eras the naval reviser, whlichl, as it eras a stormy day, and the Sultani is a lbad 5,iil((r, 11u(st have boon asoeiiwhuOlilt piiinfil gratifica tion. • Tlen the voluiiteer camnp it Wimble don, on wellicll the rain cain dowen iii tor rents, droilning" tihe Sttltan to his imperial sk1i1(, echo gslhllmitly tefused (111 cloak or eheltor." Then the visit to WVindsor, ehiich ocrupied exactly teo llours aiid a qnlalrtor from the time wshen the Sultan loft Buck inghlm Palace to the time wheln hle re turiied, whlichi mtit hsIve been a cheerful busioiess. Tlleo thie fete at the Ihorticul rura(l Gardons, at wshich ones see the rush of the British nation after a neer celebrity, aloaes i terrible an1(d portentous sight. Nq'o w(onder- the poor Sultan lokoled hored and sleepy with the eveighlt of his entertainment. Hfe showed the meet lively interest, I am told, at two things--at the elot and she0ll in Woohleici arsoenall, and at the corps de lillet in her nM'jesty's Teiatre. It eras the old Adam worhki((g in the .urlr. A good deal of disppoiilttm tnt wes felt oni the score of tile Sulton's eives, of which it wes extpected that a few hundreds among thle lighter and more portuille olaes eroulil hllve hoon brought over as travelling stocl; but this portion of his ltajosty's suite (the joke is unavoidlable) eas left behind. I hIave alheady said that lil Monjosty is, on this score, a most oxomn plary farmily man; but the Britisls public will not be persuaded out of the idea that M~ohammodans are lilso Mormons, and have an unliiiiited csolnjgal capacity. Honce the extrsordlinary attctetion of the Sultan to the British female, and the eondor and curiosity eitli whlici the soex rusiled tunmultisously after the Ottomito, wherever lie appeared. Thie Viceroy of Egypt was, of course, "sniall potatoes" in ouri eyes, so long as his sulecrain eas hero. Hie sas, however, hos pitably entertained as ouie werlo has done good service to England, atid is in a position to do more: H-o is a little dars stout gen tleman, older and smaller than this lord the Sultai, but with a more lively and active exprossion of countenanco. H3o is better acquainited withs Europe and writl civilised mnltolors, having boon educated in France in his early youtili, and having once before visited Englanid in the suite of his uncle, Said Pasla. As the son of the falnous Ibriihim--ths grolt'est military gehius wlhiChi the TusrkishILm rac has produced thosO two hundred yoars--and the ruler of a great and fanlous country, the Palshla of EIlgypt is a potentate werll wsorthy of Englishl welcome. Weo wore.enarly maltilg a mess of our hlospitallity, hmowevr, in hris case, as it was arranged Ihy the authorities that lie eas to be lodged ait Claridgo's Hotel during llis stay in London. This 1ns denounced very generally by thee publie voice as a very slial~tly arrangelment. Why, it was asleed, with an abundance of palaces, cotild we not lodge tle ruler of Egypt in a place becoming his railn? What could be in worse mnanlners than to send our guest to an inn? It wns no com pliment to the ricliost man in the world- whlicl the Pashla is--to tell him that wev would see that his hotel bill eras paid. IHo would probably reply, that he eas able to pay his own bills. Ia the eyes of an Eastern, to be receivod in a slihan is a special indignity, for the onily ines wchiLohi thley hlavo in the East ars comllion to all men nlise, the beggar and she pashii. Fors tunately, at the l1(st nomoenlt, a public seliritell n1obl1em1an, tile Earl of Dudley, callnlo forwaord to tile rescuel of our natiol(5l charater fir Ilospitatlitv by oftbrlngll hli: Illeilsslil in 11 Prlrkl-hllin t's the lIlaslhl's use. '1P110 this littleI dtifcuilty, wliichirl 1(1(1 a goold dell of 1(1d blood between the people nod the sovcreign, euas satisfiactorily or ranged. Wliile see hld tile Sultan of TIurhsey and thle Vircroy If EgyIlpt on ill (r 1an1ds1, eve 1had(1 hlso qaartnred ilium i1I a tll(tn:tllnellt Olf ]bhhlgiau1 riit(ll0miOl, tuwo tllllmns~lld lim 0 I( rict((ihl ho .p(itnlity, fso yir y ltolghlga is lln oxctllelit trlontlliei-nll(, iind 11111c0 111 1i10uor ulu(t kitindly. We hiad expected about one tlhousand Bolginne, and hlad provided for that ininber; hut, at fite lent tmoniont, there arrived tiro thoasand five hundred, iteludieg nieairly the wn'lelon Civic Guard of ]Brannols t!itd of Antitwerp, ned, as we mlght guess, nhont n qern'tor of the oentire stnanding army of Dlulgiaim. This wan a little too tuclh, and Jlia hull for a in'iof while eves ins sotite oorplojdxty. 'fie ocrsionn even eoineglh to try oven bis hospitaleh temeper. The host wh hs plinolrvided a neat little dinner for six, enod hliers lis butler nremsounct that tlheo are fifteen gtoits on the stairs, may IeI pardoned if lie shoald lose fior a mnonient tie soroniity of mnind. Thi best tnnitgtor in the vworld cotild hardly restrain a feeling of alniety Iis to tile provision. Tno tthousatnd five hundred Belgians iree telnoutt a qnarter of the whiole arnmy whitihl ran iway it WaVtterhlo. They wnere excellent follonvs, no iloiit; but tnwo Sloiisanuld trie Ihautidrod!--it nis felt to bo boyond a joke. No voidor thot there should have beets notice little hitch in the a rrasngements for their enter tinnent. Tihe preparations which hlad beets miiade were based ton the snpposition that there nwould be a thousand guests in all; iut wlhoei the number rose to fifteein hundrod, then tie tiext dny to t'o thonsand, and finally to too tlhoteand five hundred, the rectoption commnittee wore reasonaildy ini eomidod aimir. Of the purirvte persons ntlwo hlid visited the Jnolglns generally it wan hardly to be supposed that they were pro pored to quarter and to fanst a small army. The firnt ditficulty wee about the transport of thin ]hlolgians. Thi laugost slti1i iia the Br'itinlh navy--thi Srapnie---van dedieaitd to the service; hut olin wan oliy built to carry a single rioment of ]iritini soldiers, with tlhoir wives and fiiunilies: 1By dint of great exertions and nltch pinching", hoe everi, eightcees hundred dialgians wro re taken on board. Tllhen conlleenced a seone of con fusion anti disorder, of nvliiclh the full tratis lie beoon jiiulieiontly suppressed in the ]lnglish papers. hly some hlmlndor the ]Ielgiiitns conic on hoard wittiott tlhir coin tanding oflicor, end tisey would aclkonw lodge no otio else en competotnt to give orders. 'Tisa majority of the men, who eore not volhtteeorns at all, in ant ]Iigliss onse , bit rather titilitia, weret of a Ceiompara tively inferior social gretld, and eore inot liltety to be mnchl roetrainiotd by feelitigs of delicacy on sects an occasiont. Their appe tite for fond wnn snnoethinitg etiormous, antd tin preohatillity thaist they hlid toiens starvinig tthetselvres for a creek b'efore, it. order to do jnsticeo to Etnglis fLuao, wis highly flattening to the nittiotiti chirtscter. At ditnter, I eta iifeortiepd iIy a monehlor of the Englishl preess whito eas ott board, tle nsconte ni-it sotietl iniu lIeyoiid descripntionti. u.n 1os l, s Be/pea, stormed the tabhiles as though thelsy hled ltleti the provision teittsn of the asrmny. 'Thtey ftiaglt ndtl struggled for tioat; thtey' sakeMd the tatles ; they drenelshed tltomsolneos withs Iteer ntld weine. T.hoy ate largely, and tiot prettily'. Otie hungry Ilelgilna wee sectn deliehterately to bite a piece oeit of a leg of mutton which hle gransped in notie lnitms. Alto getther it wans an orgieo if guizzlitig. Suio toston of the partiality of the bre'vo follows for flesh ntia be estimated froits the fuict that there 1usd boon live thtoutsend pountds off coonkedl niest prepsretd on board the Sorapis, besides breasd, vegetisbles, &Ec.; The whtiole lied disappesred, but senice three hundred poiunds, its the course of the treanit, wvlich ocitupiel sone twevlvee ehirs. At cliiit mits calledl the oflicers' tatble I am infornied that thee scone wns scaircely more decoronts. The rage for bieer oe the pirt of the Belgian officer must ito a Mitind of chirottic dilscaso, fur there i'oro sixty iloaeon of ale contsamed lIy one litidred antd forty mun, who then elanioureil for more, antd Ithroko itnto a privsto store of the gitn-ronos otficers to obtatin it. From the Soraptis to the shore theore ws another scone of confusion, owitng prittcipally to thle exceosive number of our visitors. Thtey disnemnlarked at haet, after some irregular fasition, and invaded the streets. IHero their welcomte was on the wvhole very corditil, althnougs tile Londoners are not good at out-door pogeants. As many IBelgian fags as could be hlad wore displtcyod over thle heouse, and there was mitch clher ing by tite multitude. The next day the Belgiatns marched in procession to the Guild hall, and pairtooik of tile Liordl llayor's hos pitality. Withs this, it is said, they ceire gmreatly disippoinited, as indecd they might lie, efter the Sorapis. .Ttioro cwas neithtet food nor liqiosr eotiuglt, and theore cere aldermen present to share wlat there was. I Titers was mitch hIospitattle spoehcli- ttiking, hlownver, of the nusial kind; and ot tile whole, the city did its duty very fiirly. For a week after thtnt thle streets wore pervndetd with Blgiatns--mostly stout, crel-hooekitig followrs, Ihandsomely dressed, though note cwith much of a mnartital tetitot. A big Belgitin, six feet sicx inctels high, whie hled on him a Ibearshia sltuiko about a yard lobg, thoe tamtiborit ,iq/ajer of one of the regiments, evs the object of much attention on the part of tho London inticll boys. Asn e becmne usied to osr mnltitudinouse gsuestn we get on better wvitli them, and the whole visit1 whlichi promised at otse tine to lie a fisco, wont olf at lset very sattisfimtOriy. Tthe hell at the Agricnltumrl-lall, at vliicls there weres ilght tihousaind people present, wvs the meet sticceesful thing of tse Mitild over itnown in Londont; end tile Londoners worer fitreod to coetfess thatt they could do coas thing in tic eway of organising a festivity when tlhy lied a mind. The Bolgincs went swvay highly pleased, as nell they might tie, auid full of thloir good fhu'o. I sappeoi next snmtmomr n shall have the whole of the Im periil Guard of France heoro. WVhsy ohoald we not carry still further the practice of thics misofurt hospitality ? Tlhero is only one impediment in thie wey of stch a design, and thtit is, tlint the Frenichi Imperial Ginnrd are lihkely to haive otiler engtgoetnetsts sboat thtat ttie. There can le no doubt wlsitever thaet tile aspect of affalirs ots thie continnt is juest none extrenseley soCi ots. Those c-ho have relicd on thie effect of the late imperiail and royal visitseto Panris as ssnurtiniceos tif peace tire liktely to lie diinah pitntedl It will probabettly itippear, iai thie next event, that thtese visite havce tOilyn' ha. toned a cottitnsummnttiln tnlsh I have tehlivced froit thie first eves itnevittable. 'IThe Euitnipror antd tue late gueets are nitttlluhly disnap poimted cclithi oech oilier. lhisttnarclr, cehio tutd coeno to try the etlect of thitit personal tiplonacy cwhichs once itt-foro it Citiilfititgttn hii hatl ftonntiu so niesuncstsil, crib intiwr totl in him piiltuOtne. 'Thte h" l)ttrtr atItded, it in. eitld, till opplorltitiiite, if fuititihiar litter tittref lS; eO thtnit Ilttitteltol h)tll eI t Frentc c aitl Pritnsia reaiatst prn.tinty net tut thumy thu six olmOilthin iLgt. ,t ic trtee that tlh LuIxttin burg qucatioe is nettled; but thee Luxemburg quIentioa wan never tho reil canuo of the dif ferenco bet rr ss io Pres nind .lFriic.; end, nleoavrci, the very arrangoeont of thnt aiftair is to Prussia a sourco of now irritn tioni, as sHio tielieves lirsi'f to havo heeii jockeyed out of her claims by nil illhsory oefignginent. The joilnt guar aittee of thie power.si is itiscoverld to ibe a worthless securilty, iiinomirii, h, o it, dliles niot require any one of them to oct withmouit the eo-oporatiomi of the others. Tie snmio jealousy wehicli mieorly lhd to on oxplosion iln the second week 'if April him rovived both in Prussia and ii FrnInco; and I confidently believe that we hlndl see the mnarchinmg of armioes to the Rhino oven before the EBxiibition is closed. ?ranco, it i: certoin, iins never interniitted hier militory liropsTrations. She hos been busily oni ag(,ed in earlnrging her nrmy, iii arminiig hler eoldtiers with te Cliessepot riflos, ond in stOr'ing n) rlpaieinl of wur. T£he fact is hardly denied now by the olficint organs in Paris. Tie ordbr seems to hnvo gone forth, in fact, tlint the prOss 'is. to insult Prussia ns much lis possililo. Wuor is spoken of openly ns a probable aontingoecy. Tile Prosso doliborntoly chnrges Count Bismsrcek with moeditoting o partition of Austria, as " a preliminary to a partition of Franeco." The Pays, which is agovernmont organl, sate, " thCnt Pressia' is n1OW preparing for war is nn cstablished fact." Tthis hnmguingo, it is rightly arguod, con only be used to j.usify the ereparotion s which ,'ranco herself is rankin". Within the laot month, hiy a now orraugeniocnt of eonipanios in the battalions nf Freinch in fantry, senme twenty-five thousnand ineli sore qlietly added to the ameny. Thu young xni Iialonugineg tn tCue reserve con ttligells of 18Gt1 nand 18ti5 have lately bIeeni dluraftod into the rogimnollts nnd incorporated witlt the army--an extreme measure, as these ore consclrilts wliho livo onily andt five months' trainling. Tue pnirelhnso of horses csntiniuies to be made oei a large scale. Tue iii imiiifauictil' of tCe now rilles is 1lnilug hrried oen as quickly ns possible. Besides what the imporial flitoorios anid the privato coemtralseirs in PFfrlmico hlavo ill linaid, a coIItrauct furC tCsroe hundriil tliouisandh hlas been giren to lii Italian firii lt lheOscln. By tCue endt of Oetolier, I aiii touut tlint throe foirtlis of the irenclh nrmy will have booei provided with, nnd trained in, the Cheease pot rifle. On tCe pnrt of Prnssini tsCe war feeling is qulto as great, though it is loss openly mzani fested. Ti? e war propm'ations are less con sspicuous, boconeo, in fee;t, they sre not ro qiirut, to tbe inad. The Prussinn nrmy, since the conlision of tCe Austrian oonei pslng, hls remaiined in ii stilts of pOrfect ctficieney and fitness fur active service. I fbar it cannliot i)o douibted tlhit the temluer of the Priissinsui is such tlihit tlhiey will not broole any further dem inds which mny be mada uipon ai)russia by Fraunce, or euibmiit to any dictation ns to thie noide in whlicli tile Bismarcic progrnmmo is to be carried out. The tio ilmsedlato points of conifiict hle twecon Francs inid Prusnsiu--eitlior of which is sullicihnt, in tCe temper of tlloso nations, to oaiid to a wnr--are, first, Cte reconstitu tioii of the Germain Customsio Unjioln upon Ii noew bsis, the effect of wslicl is reailly to iialee onue power of the whluolo CiorInnii terri tory outside tCe dominion of Aunstria. Tlubi is iii dtirect contrawvmution of the Treaty of Praguie, which tixes tCe h'uiiayn mis tCe south oer iiromllticr of tuei nie Purnssliin ]kiiigduoue. Secoudly, there is the question of North Seileswnig, wellichl is still iii abmsyanco. .By tCe treaty, Prussia is rcquirod to give nii a portlion of Sehleswlg ti oenusrkc ; but she hlan not yet lone so, anid iofuire doinlg so she requiree a pledge from the anmishi goverl menit lint tChe German rosldenite ii tChe dis trict to be tranistbrrod shall not be initerfored citih in their Tights of muationality. To which Denmuiark hlis rollicd tChat she hlns no pledges to give; thnt nll ter subjects hove the some secnrity for their litierties; thnt, iinasmuncli os she hes not practisod, nor is iii the Ihbit of practising, aniy tyranlny over mny clanss of her stbjiects, Cue Gormais nrithuimi tier dominion roquirs no greater guaranteo for their rights than their fllolw-eitizons. This answer, however, does not suit Prussia in tier presenlt exalted temper. Therefore she has refused to execute a portion of tCe Troety of Prague. That mischief ulrks in this roesual I tClilk tChore is much realson to approliend. By this morining's tolegraim in the Stonmdard, I lelarnl from IBerlin tChat Cthe l 'French envoy hlis delivored to the Prussinn goverOnsent a copy of a despatcel, in which tCe ]?rench government mattes, in tCe inte rest of Denminrlk, ths North Sehllewig queos aion a subject of discussion." Tlithiorto, Prussia hin deniied to any powevr but Aostria the right of interfering in tChe oxecntion of tCe Treaty of Praigue. It ro ilina to be sooei whether she will porsevore ii this attit?do against Francs. Among those in authority in England I have reason to "know that tClers is a very decided opinion as to the prospect of a con tinontsl war . Tise Empeipori, it is said, wili be forced ilto wnr, as a monis of recovoriilg hlia lost r'csltige in tCe mutter ot' Moxico, andii to divert tis pbeople from thio very mtirked disposition whiehi they nro beginning ts etos to takeo a part in thie niniageiomo it of their osn affairs. The Mroxican expedltion Isis bten a terrible Iblow to the Elillieror's poptu hnrity. It loins dissipiited for over tCe popu tar opinioni of lis iinfallibhity. It is just oii of those bIlilnders whlich nre mest galliiig to tCe Diio ofa Frochuna iu, , anid there is no donibt that tie wlhlo iiation would back tlh Eiitperor ini seeking f)r some veiit to tCe sore fooling wnhicl thid inist?ilto hlis loft behiinud. The tragical fite of M[aximilian ins filled the cup of the Elipcrr's lunfieiliatisu. Never did the military pride of Frnance receive so severe a buffet ns thlis. T'ie welhole inatiou shrhios wcitii the Emn )eror the disgraco of poor Mxlaximiliani's denthl, fu~r if it ras Nuillo loen wvlio teirimpted Clithat iniluipy prilrco to tihe throne, it ees the Freoch tioile irih, insistedl upon his ibcing deserted weien tlhre, enit wceo left hIm li peirishi thus misoralbly io tlCli hinsiil of tihariiriaina. If t weare tli,) ghost if n~irxiiiiliiunu I slhouild itklleii it very ICIii aniiiit fur eunice of uuiy lIrotlhcr Eulpcrors. Iii Euighimdi, werlie thiere is siiui-s on,, fiist eiutiigh iii friaitic eciuiiuhl ti, iskeo n every possielo sidi ofioupiil,lii, it ewil scsrric y surnrise yen ti) huiur thsit Mud iniiu' deiti lois terna juistiliid, soil llcuiiuo ,1toria heold iui ii a wcry ill-uusiid hiriion. ofcoilr,, ct lie tioiriiri ili"lul uliii ih.riui iry ihi 'h ewos ofi tlii Iluiriid jIuriy huiii-It--iyiiiiiwill kiiow whet lhuit mii tan. tfums duihuih, si:,o waes of the liberal piety, iind Mr. l:roaidhead, and thle ,ongal sopoys. M[r. Goldwln Smith, a ]oading mombor of the radical doctrinairo school, a most bumptious and conceited gen tleman, who is ahvrays too ready to cry the contrary of what the nation blJoiovcs, has boeu writirlg not only the exctuso of Tuarez, bet of B roalsdl ich, and of one Bccsloy, another professor, wiseo s isnoe extoniluating tlhp S mietihl oultraigor. 'flieo Ieoesley doctrine, as psropoundled at a pulic mreeotilng of London artisans, was this : that thor weore murders nml nmrders; but, after all, what Mir. Broad head did was not so atrocious; that hle was no worsio than Governor ]Byro; that society lhad bnrought this npon itself Isy its injustice to the worlcing-men. ESvery journal of any weight or respectability in the country, from the Times to the Spectator, and from the ,Saturday iteviocv to ]Fun, joined in reproba tion of Professor Ieoosloy's epeech, which, of vrurso, was ai reason chlsy Mlr. Goldwin Smith should dolend it and mnalo it his own. The Ifoforru Bill hls finally pasecd thle Commons, anmd is now before the Lords. The bltter otegcs oftho measuro ill the Lower lIoiuse wore not marked by any passages of interest. The distribution sclieme of the government was adopted, with very little change, exccpttliat a third member was, at the last moiiment, conceded to MTanchestor, Liverpool, :Birminghlam, and Leeds. A second attempt at the introduction of the c,:mulativo principle wam defeated by a largo majority. The third reading of the bill was curricel without a dlivisius, amidst geoaral cheering, after a vicious speechi from Hrbort Liro end a very aisle oae froeiu Lard trasn bourne. liiir. Il)israeli, ins uahingz his fiscal re psly, was bi torly scarcastic on 5sr. Lwro, whlsom Iho chlsarged cith Ilavinig pIerpeit'ated the very crime which hle nowe laid ttpois this govern inent--of havinig, in 1860, sold otlieo under a osinistry whichi proposed a reformc lill ccitth a redluctison of the borough sluffrago. These taunts, hoessever, of personal incon sistency hsegi tic pall upon the p1ubllic oar. The fasct is, iso one cares very niuchls wchetlier olaeli particular mincister hues rotaised Isis purity, irs the geseral satfisfaction of having arrived at a settlement of tie rofisr'n ques tion. It cc-sic not possil,lo tihit this solution of lta dillicilsty cold save Ibeeooss sirrividl at iwithout sosnse sreakhlsi ig of sisseicust pleldges, and some cissanges of prieiciplo. Every leaid isig staltessiana iss tlsrs hae changOd--Mr. Gladstolesse rqite as cchsIIscs cc hr. I"israeli- anid io oiose hes a right to reproach lIis neighlstsusr. It Ihavinsg lIeen" aslisitted that c- musislt hIavo a sefoisrs hill, the torios lted quite as geood ii right to aittempt the task as assy otlsir party, secisig tlht tle siecessity arose osit of tise lachels i f tie liberesl party, cei haild tried1 four ditferent times and could nut succeed, in iiiproducsisig a refosras hill. W hartsut the Lords iscusy ,l, wcilli the hill it is ditlicslt to guess. It Islisov sIsyself that they wcill acreelt it alinost ns it is. Theoro is no teunptlatioes to the peers to repeat thto part whiichli they pslayesd iai 1832. They musset feel that they had hsotter takle tisic from a cosorvsltivo govrsnsnoet thlnua something hearso from a liberal one. There is no geisig buacIc from househOld sisffrage. There asusy ibe sin atletept to dislodlge the lodgers, lult I dosi't think' it sill succeed. Lord G-roy snudo a spoch cnd psroposed an acsudslsssont on the secossd reaslisig, which wvIs very charlactrislic of his lordsctip, being erotcheltty, issprascticalse, cnd incolherent. Luordl Cairs, on hIolshalf of the governmont, sadeIL a poewerful aislnd eqiselosit reply, and tlie assonedssl,nst cas stileld. ltfsr hrsijesty continusses iss lier disposition ti critlsltr drsw horsolf fi.Osss tlIs sight of her subjeots; cnci the cosusonts vpon this in ge'onral soeioty sre nrot of a pleassant kiind. Sinsce the excellent George the Last de scendedl from esirtli, I do not think royalty wass over more is disfitvour than it is now. The ousesladaIls grow bolder and plainer every day. To-dsay it is of a younig prince, who, with a beautiful wife otrickoesdowns by sickness, is absle to cosseole himself wiitlls n opera singer -lIssihnvisig, iii flct, not so much as the heir of Esiglasnld, but as the Prinsce of Lucca. As for hsi royal soother, her Mhfajosty is said to be ensgageil iii buildinig is noc house for herself iii the remoter liglhlaside, clhich is to be sevesn acilhs awaesy froii the nearest husimani hlasbitation-a queer fasicy for one whii ]las the ralnge of massy palaces. Lord Hoelioro is to be the now Governor of Now Soaths Wailes, who is not to embark for BaIrataria unsil thle close of the session. TIe is an sslsiublo and modest young noble man, wcho ought to bo an acquisition to an Australian colony. Therei is not sischl doing just now in the world of literature. The p~suili.shiing neason lies beoes singiulirly barren. There are now liscens by sliss Isgeolows cnd h[r. Robert h,[orris, who have blotli addeil to thair already respelctable reputationsi. nMiss ]ralsldon hlis written a new siovel, ancd Mhr. T'rollope hlis completed ansothier. Lieutenant Hozier's iadmiralhe letters frsom the Prussian army during the late war Isave been reprislted, sud vwill be found, highly interesting. Sir Samuel Ilalcer is cliout to publisch a new sooek of African travel. 'The first volume of the Life ansi Corresposdence of Princo Albert is to be isssed very shortly, by com iseand of her M,[ajesty, nsld suudsior the editor shili of Gesneruls Sir Charles Grey. Mr. Lecees's neas editioes of thie Biography of Philosophy is slseo annsosnced; and I hear that Georgo E?lliot hics aniothser novel on the stecke. Thero sire to lie seversal new maga zinos, ao0 the Broadway, to be a conbina tion of British and Amssericans talhesit; and another, Tisisleys', to hue edited by ,lr. Edmsuniiisd PYutes. I don't klsowu wlo reads all the asgaczinies. The Fortnightly, which has booes lately coming out once a month, is dyilsg of inasnition--of too much comtism and dootrinairism. 