SPRING. .(FROM THE OEHMAM OF MDLTER.) Open your doors, open ypur hearts, , , " • Haste, oliI testfe, Old Winter is moaning and weary'to go, • He steps thro' the house with a face of woe And heavily breathes, for lie carries' his pack— The remains of the snow and frost—on bis back. . Haste, oh! haste. Open your doors, open yonr hearts, Haste, oh I haste For he sees the merry young Spring appear, Who will catch him, lie knows full well by tie ear, And in wild and boyish mood will delight To pull at his bread so long and so white. Haste, oh! haste. Open your doors, open your hearts. Haste, oh! haste. Now Spring comes tapping and rapping so clear. Oh ! list! 'tis a joyful sound to hear, Tapping and rapping, <u he knows how, With the buds and blossoms of every bough. Haste, oh 1 haste. Open your doors, open your hearts, Haste, oh! haste. And, if none of you bid him enter to-day, Many a servant has he in his pay; For their help he will call far over the plain Tapping and rapping again and again. Haste, oh 1 haste. Open your, dooors, open your hearts, Haste, oh! haste. For He comes with a rosy face of joy. East Wind, the riotous noisy boy, Blowing till all are roused and stirred, To meet and to welcome in his lord. Haste, oh! haste. Open your doors, open your hearts, Haste, oh! haste. Sir Sueshine, the knight, is coming I ween. The gleam of his golden lance is seen; And quick from the tiny clefts he makes — The charming flatterer, Flower-scent, breaks. Haste, oh I haste. Open your doors, open your hearts, For the nightingale trills, in her joyous Sight, A long, low song of ecstatic delight; And my heart, in echo, doth joyfully sing. Enter, oh 1 enter, beautiful Spring. Haste, oh! haste. A HEBREW GOVERNMENT.—A form of government waa'established in 1864 by the Israelites resident in the United States, for the purpose of guarding the race in America. . This organisation has beer, in regular operation ever since its establshment, but so exclusively have its doings been confined to the affairs and circles of those immediately interested that the public at large has known very little of its existence. The business of this government has now grown so important that the ' Executive is about to call for loans and issue bonds in the name of the Israelitish Government, bearing seven per cent, interest. This organisation is intended to cooperate with similar association in other parts of the world, the grand object being a futherance of the favourite and traditional Jewish idea, that the whole race of Israelites will be ultimately gathered together in the lind of their forefathers. Then they believe the temple of Jerusalem will be rebuilt, preparatory to the coming of the Messiah, to vindicate tl:e truth of the religious belief to which the Jews hrtve adhered tenaciously for so many centuries. The whole number of Jews scattered throughout the world is estimated at six millions. PRI.VCF.LV PROCLmriES.—It has often been said that Britain would not tolerate another George the Fourth. The following from the Home News seems to hiut the possibility of such assertion being put to the test:—" ' I'll follow Thee !' is the designation of a cartoon in a late number of the Tomahawk. It represents the Priuce of Wales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George IV., to whom the Prince is saying, ' III Follow Thee!' The inference is obvious, and the publication of such a picture is surely a sign of the times; for the Tomahawk (savs the Flaneur in the Star) is by no means 'alow Radical papej.' It is another sign of the times, which will probably have been noticed by those whose inclination or whose duty prompts their attendance at public dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of enthusiasm, is now received "with comparative coldness, the mention of the name of the Princess calls forth unmistakeable demonstrations nf sympathy and [>erson il attachment. Qui vivraverra. n VKNUS TUNNED SHOCKF.RPKR. -We understand that on future occasions the following tariff will be observed by the ladies who keep the stalls, at the Crystal Palace fetes in aid of the funds of the Ro\al Dramatic College, Mavbury, in their dealings with strangers:—a wink, 6d; a.squeeze of the hand, Is; a leer. 2s 6d ; ditto (superior quality), 5s ; a kiss, 12s fid ; for further particulars enquire of the stall- k.-epera. ViCTOniA. — The Committee appointed by the Legislative Council to prepare an address in reply to the Governor's speech, brought up one of an antagonistic character on Thursday afternoon. —Panama ktai. — Tomahawk. 