VII.—RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. VALEDICTORY MEETING TO THE REV. SAMUEL IRONSIDE. A meeting for the purpose of presenting an address and a testimonial to the Rev. Samuel Ironside, be being about to leave the colony for Tasmania, was held in the Kent Town 'Wesleyan Jubilee Church on Monday evening, April 8. There was a tolerably numerous attendance, and the Rev. John Wataford (Chairman of the District), occupied the chair. The proceeding* having been commenced by «"?E"*E *nd prayer, The Chairman said they had met on that occasion, according to the advertisement, to ' present an addren to the Bey. Mr. Ironaide, who was about to leave than to proceed to Hobart Town. He (the Chairman) would not say much, a* he waa but little at home on such occasions, and on that aoooun£he wai glad he wa* in the chair, for Chairmen generally were not expected to aay much. He was pleased that they were thus parting with their minister. He did not think a great deal of meeting* when minuter* came into the circuits, because new broom* always awept welL (Laughter, and hear, hear.) After a minuter had been in a circuit three yean then came the test (Hear, hear.) He wa* rare a minuter wa* watched very nar rowly, and his work looked closely into, and he thought it was well if at the end of his ministerial labors he and his 1 people parted as they were doing then. It was true, the Rev. Mr. Ironside was not without fault*; but where was the man who was? He was certain they would every one agree with him, when he aaid " With all thy faults, we love the stOL" (Applause.) He did not know what Mr. Ironside was thinking would follow his departure from that church. He remembered that one rev. gentleman, on a similar occasion to that, remarked "After me comes the Deluge"—(laughter)—and perhaps Mr. Ironside would tell them that after him came Knight. (Renewed laughter.) He sincerely hoped that henceforth it would not all be darkness, and he trusted that the Rev. Mr. Ironside would be as well treated in the colony to which he was pro ceeding, as he had been here. (Hear, hear, and applause). The Rev. Alfred fiioa then made a few re marks. He said he was laboring under no small disadvantage through being called upon to ad dress the meeting at such an early stage of the proceedings, an* having been but so short a time in the atony, he came under the category of new brooms. The object ot that gathering was to say good-bye to the Rev. Mr. Ironside, and to wish him Godspeed whither he was going. In his opinion at a meeting like that they con doned all past grievances that had existed be tween pastor and people, and with the good-bye supplemented good-will too. (Hear, hear.) He did not at all approve of those people whose minds were ever occupied with petty grievances. Such things should not only be forgiven but forgotten, as faras possible. In bidding farewell to the Rev. Samuel Ironside they were taking leave of one who had been many years in the ministry. He considered it to be their duty, a* well as a plea, sure, to look at what had been effected, in the circuit daring the past three years through the instrumentality of the Rev. Mr. Ironside. He thought they would bear reminding that that edifice had been erected principally through his exertions. (Hear, hear.) The laymen who had assisted him in the accomplishment of that very necessary work deserved no inconsiderable praise. He hoped the Rev. Mr. Ironside would leave behind him some spiritual mark* and tokens of his presence among them as their minuter and pastor. The Great Day would reveal the good which the Lord's ser vants had accomplished, and therefore it was unbecoming in them to make rash judgments. He was sure they hadhad in that circuit earnest doctrinal sermons and affectionate ministrations, and where that was the case he doubted not God would give the Church his richest blessings. In conclusion, the Rev. Mr. Rigg expressed a wish that the Rev. Mr. Ironside might have a pleasant journey to Tasmania, and on his arrival there be cordially welcomed, Sir. John Colton, M.P., in response to an invitation from the Chairman, briefly addressed the meeting, remarking that he had been called upon to say a few words because he was Senior Circuit Steward of the First Adelaide Circuit. He was glad to be present on that occasion. He did not think it would have been proper for them to have permitted the Rev. Mr. Ironside to depart without expressing their approval of his services. He had now labored amongtt them three years, and during that period lie had discharged the duties attendant upon his ministerial office in a most satisfactory manner. (Hear, hear.) The rev. gentleman's labors had been attended with aucoeu, both spiritually and financially. It was he who laid the founda tion-stone of that beautiful church, and he had taken a deep interest in it ever since. He could assure those present of that from his own personal observation and conversations he had had with the Rev. Mr. Ironside. Not only had they a luge congregation worshipping inthat church, but they bad also aUving Church, which must certainly he highly gratify ing to the pastor—(hear, hear)—who left that circuit with unmistakable evidence that his labors had not been in vain. (Applause.) He did not think he had ever sat under a better ministry than that of the Rev. Mr. Ironside. He could say from experience, and he thought many could say the same, that they hadfeltdeeplyunder his telling sermons. (Hear, hear.) He believed that in the great day of accounts the rev. gen tleman would discover that his labors had been dawned with greater success than he had ever anticipated. He would now give them a few figures relative to that church. Its total cost was £3,700, of which about £2,200 had been paid off, and they had received promises to the extent of £300, and when th«rf were received the debt resting upon that edifice would only be about £1,200—a very small sum in bis opinion, considering the short time it had been built and the scantiness of the population of the neighbor hood. The debts on the Paynehani and Magill Churches had been liquidated since the Rev. Mr. Ironside's appointment to that locality. When he entered the circuit, the number of members was 250, now it was 388; and the amount annually received towards the support of the ministry was then £315, but was at the present time £375. All this had been accom plished, notwithstanding that their minister had been for months laid aside by illness. He trusted if he did not meet him again on this side of the grave, he would meet him in the House not made with hands eternal in the heavens. He could not help remarking that he could not see any necessity for the removal of the Rev. Mr. Ironside to another colony. He believed he would live as long here as anywhere else. (Hear, bear.) He approved of tin Methodist plan of removing ministers from circuit to circuit, but at the same time be disapproved of so much changing from colony to colony. He hoped the Lord would bless their recent pastor and his family, and that prosperity might attend his efforts in his new sphere of labor. (Applause.) Mr. M. KimgsboboucH was next called upon, but he begged to be excused from "*?lr"i£ a speech, as Mr. Colton had made it for him. Mr. Wk. Rhodes then read the following address:— " To the Rev. Samuel Ironside, Superintendent of the Third Adelaide Circuit Wesleyan Methodist Church. "Dear Sir—As by the appointment of the Conference of our Church your field of minis terial labor for the next year has been fixed in another and distant circuit, to which you will immfrtitt^'y remove, we feel called on by the respect entertained for your character, the friendship that has been formed during your residence amongst as, and the sacred association of Church fellowship in which we have been united, to mark the occasion of jour departure with an expression of the feelings which we cherish toward yon, stirred as they are by the thought of the farewell, which we are now necessitated to utter. "A retrospective glance over the last three years, during which you have held the minis terial charge of this circuit, is met by many points of special interest, affording occasion for mutual congratulation and cause for united thanksgiving to the Great Head of the Church. "Prominent among these stands the erten- Miof the CSrcait into this new township with the erection of this large aad beautiful church, the foundation of which was bid by your own hand, where the ordinances of our holy religion are steadily administered, and its institutions are established and maintained with results highly gratifying to the expectations which bad been formed. " The enlargement of our Church at Camp belltown to meet the demands for increased accommodation, is another pleasing feature in the review. " The considerable increase of Church mem bers, and the large amount of contributing to Chapel Funds as well as circuit finance, tell most pleasingly of sincere attachment to and true zeal in the common cause. " Nor can we pass over in silence the season of special power from on High with which, in common with the neighboring circuits, we were favored many months ago, so refreshing to God's heritage, and fruitful in the conversion of soals, an event on which ourremembrance lingers with feelings of pleasure and gratitude. "Allow us to repeat the assurance of the sympathy which we nave had to express to you in the severe and protracted affliction, personal and domestic, which you have been «*all«d on to suffer daring the past year. We trust the change of climate you are about to make win be blessed to" a re-establishment of your former health, and that of your famfly. *' It has been a. matter of regret to us all that on this account, as well as the large demands made on your time as editor of the South Aus tralian Wetlegan Magazine, with the full and active share which you have taken in the general interests of our Church throughout the district, that you own circuit has been deprived of a large measure of your valuable services, which, if not withdrawn, would doubtless have still farther contributed to the advance ot its welfare. " The large congregation attending the- vale dictory services of last evening (Sunday), and the unusual number of members who united at the communion service which followed, testified to the affectionate feeling cherished for you, and the large appreciation of your minUt-orial labors. | " Permit us in taking leave of you sincerely to wish you God spcdL Stay God spare and strengthen you long to labor in His Church, and make the latter years of your ministry the most fruitful " To your young colleague, who is also remov ing from the Circuit, we tender, through you, our affectionate regards and kindest wishes. "Favor us in accepting this address, and the accompanying purse and its contents, in further expression of our best feelings, " Blent Town, April 8,1867." Signed by the Bey. John Watsford, as Chair man of the District; B. N. Gaolt, Senior Circuit Steward; W. Bbodes, Junior Circuit Steward; and the officers of the Circuit. Mr. B. K. Gaolt remarked that it was with feelings of regret that they took leave of the Bey. Mr. Ironside. He believed that he was a South Australian in heart, and would have, bad ft not been for ill-health, taken up his per manent residence in the colony. (Hear, bear.) In him they had found a kind and sympathis ing friend—one who could weep with those who wept as well a* rejoice with those who rejoiced. It was not his business to make a speech. He had something more tangible to deal with. He had been deputed to present the Bey. Mr. Ironside with a purse of sovereigns. (Applause.) He hoped he would receive it, not so much for what the purse contained, as for the motives with which it was given. The Bey. Samcel Ibosside accepted the address and testimonial, and was evidently deeply affected. In replying he said be felt that he could not address them as he would. He had been too greatly excited that evening. He appreciated with all his heart their fciTidni>?n and sympathy, and if he failed in giving ex pression to his sentiments be trusted they would attribute it to the want of power, and not of will. He felt that he was not equal to pairing a speech that night. He had to say farewell. During 30 years he bad had frequently to give utterance to that word on similar occasions, but he did not find that the duty became less painful by its frequency ; on the contrary, rather the opposite. He felt it to be very bitter to say farewell to bis friends in that house of prayer, and he had many dear friends in the colony of South Australia. He* was sure they would be lieve him when he stated that he left the country solely because his health imperatively demanded a removal to a colder climate. He hoped Mr. Cotton would accept that explana tion. He should be satisfied—nay, more than satisfied —if he were treated as well in Tasmania as he had been in South Australia. He did not anticipate better treatment, but should be quite contented with as good. He had, he must say, spent a most happy and plea sant three years in that circuit. The rev. gentleman then read the subjoined:— "I thank you for the very kind address and valuable present with which you have honored me. The law of our Church limiting the stay of a minister with a particular charge to three yean, is, in my judgment, wise and beneficial. Its operation is always more or less painful to the parties immediately concerned ; but the benefits of the usage to the whole Church are ao valuable, and have been so fully proved by long experience, that I am sure you submit without murmur, as I do, to the painful severance of our connection, as pastor and people, which the Church requires. I rejoice with you in the manifest prosperity of the Church of our choice and love in this circuit during the past three years. Especially do I congratulate my dear brethren and feUow laborers in the erection of the holy and beauti ful house in which we are now assembled, and in the establishment here of all our public and social means of grace. Truly have we reason for thankfulness to God for the very signal success with which all our labors here hare been crowned. At Campoelltown, too—a place in which I hare felt considerable interest from the beginning of my labors here—the enlargement of our Church has been attended with much bene fit. The number of worshippers and Sabbath scholars has increased beyond our expectations The fact that the addition of nearly 140 mem ben to the Church has been almost equaUy spread over each of the three yean in which we have been associated together in labor and prayer justifies me in the hope that the growth which nas been ao regular may be permanent aad increasing. That our chapel funds and cir cuit finances have been so well sustained during the period of my stay ii a convincing proof that I have been placed by Divine Providence at the head of a most willing and devoted people. I look for a time when God's people shall always be earnest and active in the promo tion of his work, and when, in consequence, awakenings and conversions shall be regular, so that there shall be no need for revivals. Mean while I rejoice greatly with you when there are ' showers of blessing,'' and * times of refreshing from the presence of the Lord.' During the severe and protracted affliction with which it pleased God to visit myself and several of the members of my family, we have been greatly comforted in feeling that we had a strong interest in the prayers and sympathies of our people. It is worth while to be afflicted occasionally, if only it makes'apparent the love and affection of those around us. you have patiently borne my lack of service through affliction, and through the «fcpvMvlE upon my time and attention by the official dr :es to which I have been called by my brethren in the ministry. For your patience andsvmpathy, for your co-operation and prayers, I feel truly thankful. The deep and earnest feeling of the crowded congregation at last night's service, to which you refer, b a very grateful proof that I live in the affections and esteem of those with whom it has been my happiness to be joined in fellowship. lam glad that you refer so kindly to the services of my dear friend and colleague, the Bey. J. de Q. Bobin. He has been a great help to me, espe cially during the season in which I was laid aside. For the substantial proof of your love, with which the address you have presented me is accompanied, I pray you to accept of my sincere thanks. And now, brethren. I com mend you to 001, and to the word of His grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanc tified. —Antcn." The Bey. J. G. Millabd having briefly, but excellently, addressed the meeting The Bey. Hexrv Bath proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, speaking in laudatory terms of the manner in which Mr. Ironside had discharged bis ministerial duties as well as his editorial. Mr. G. W. Cottos seconded, and the proposi tion was carried by acclamation. TheCHAIRMAi), in responding, remarked that a letter had been received from the Bey. B. C. Flockart, explaining that he had been unavoid ably prevented from attending. The singing of the Doxology and pronouncing of the Benediction terminated the meeting. STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH.—OPENING SERVICES. This noble monument of Christian piety and grateful memorial of an affectionate people to a laborious pastor now gone to his rest and his reward, has just been formally opened in con nection with a series of appropriate services, which it is now our pleasing duty to place on record. We most, however, first supply a brief account of THE STRUCTURE, asdescribedby thearchitect, Mr. R. G. Thomas :— "TheboHding is in theeariy Gothic style, and will accommodate on the grountl floor 850 per sons, including all sittings. I :.-tuVries are pro posed over tike south entrance, and over the transeptsfortheorchestra,inenM.siu£ the accom modation to 1,150. These, however, excepting the orchestra, are not constructed at present. The total length of the bonding is 142 feet, ami the breadth at the nave and aisles Hi feet, and at the transepts 83 feet. A tower an.l spire, which however, are not yet to be erected, will abut against the eastern transept, hut on all other sides will rise directly from the ground; the ground storey forms a lobby anil entrance to the Chnrch. The height, when completed, will he 170 feet from the pavement. The foundations of the tower are laid three feet below the surface, upon a bed of concrete formed with Portland cement in place of lime, and the foundations are eight fee: wide. The walla of the tower are 6ve feet below, and are continued above four feet in thickness. The principal entrance of the church, fronting Victona-aqnare, has a project jng prtico, with freestone column* supporting pointed arches and an open parapet, above which is a large four-light window with geome trical tracery. The two transepts have wheel windows in their gables, with similar tracery. The interior of the church is divided into nave andaisles by columns supporting arches, and a clerestory from which tie principal light will be derived. The aisles are very narrow, as they are merely intended to serve as passages, and only have occasional sittings placed in them. The columns, therefore, nowhere interrupt the view of the platform. The interior is lofty, the ceiling, of hexagonal shape, being 43 feet from the floor, and is plastered. The clerestory is lighted by eight windows, of three lights each, having geometrical tracery. A platform, en closed with railings, is placed opposite the en trance, and over the platform is the organ gal lery and orchestra. There are three vestries behind the platform, also staircases leading to the proposed transept galleries and to the organ gallery. The building has been entirely con structed of Glen Osmond stone and Glen Ewin freestone,'the front portico being wholly of freestone. The building is of the most sub stantial and durable character, and not devoid of ornament. The contract, which did not include the upper part of the tower and spire, amounts to £7,650." To this we may add that the edifice as it now stands, with the additions to the tower, pewing. extra improve ments, and purchase of land, has cost nearly £11,000, to which the expense of erecting the spire at some future time will have to be added. The site of the building is in Flinders street, in a commanding and central situation, adjoining the new Treasury Offices, and facing the Supreme Court, which is on the opposite sida-of Victoria-square. The Wesleyan Chapel (Pirie-street) closely adjoins; in fact, the imme diate vicinity is full of churches and chapels of all denominations, amongst which the Stow Memorial Church is the most elaborate and beautiful. Indeed it has cost more than any other ecclesiastical structure in South Australia, and speaks volumes for the liberality of the Church and congregation, and for the kindly feeling evinced by various Christians of other denominations who have lent a helping hand. The appearance of the church, especially when lighted up, in at once chaste and grand ; nor has comfort been sacrificed to architectural effect, as all the arrangements have been made with a view to accommodation and bearing. We may add that the foundation-stone was laid on the 7th February, 1865, by Mr. Alexander Hay, a devoted supporter of the cause, and of his old friend and esteemed pastor, the Eev. Mr. Stow Since that time the builders, Messrs. Brown and Thompson (then English & Brown), have worked assiduously at their contract, the result being the completion of the work so as to admit the opening as now recorded. It may not, however, be amiss in this place to insert two or three sentences commemorative of THOMAS QUINTON STOW, the noble colonist, and now sainted minister, in honor of whose life-long and disinterested labors this beautiful temple has been erected. The Rev. T, Q. Stow landed in South Aus tralia on the 16th of October, 1837, and pitched his tent—a large military marquee—on a flat on thesouthmdeofthe?iverTorrens, near where the Morphett-street foot-bridge now is. At that time the Adelaide plains were an interminable forest, & which the emu and kangaroo roamed almost undisturbed, and the aboriginal native yet held lordship over the wild solitude. Mr. Stow's first sermon in this tent was preached to the new settle's on Sunday, November 7,1837; and a few days afterwards he organised the first Congregational Church in South Australia. Some of the members enrolled on that occasion still survive, and are at this date members of various Congregational Churches in the pro vince. Nor need we say that to them the opening of the Stow Memorial Church will recal past scenes and incidents of the most deeply interesting character. Thirty years in the life of any country is a long term ; but the first thirty years of the life and history of a colony must necessarily be marked in stronger and deeper lines on the tablet of memory than any subsequent similar period. We cannot find space to chronicle the early friends of Mr. Stow, who—like his most valued and intimate asso ciate—the late William Giles, have gone to their rest, or here, also, we wight finl material for useful retrospect. To return to Mr. Stow. In the course of a few months he removed his tent to an acre on North-terrace (now partly occupied by Messrs. Hill & Co.). and here he built his first sanctuary—an edifice constructed of the pines and reeds available in the neighbor hood, the good pastor laboring withhisownhands to assist in the erection. In this rude structure, which also served the purpose of a parsonage, the first Independent congregation worshipped for about three years, until Freeman-street Chapel was opened, in November, 1840. This i cbanel was a great undertaking in those times, costing about £3,000—a heavy sum for a small i congregation in so young and struggling a com munity. The building was heavily embarrassed, and during the crisis of 1841-2, and the years of depression that followed (till the discovery of the Buna) the payment of the interest was a severe tax upon the purses of Mr. Stow's people; so much so that he declined all salary for bis labors for several years. However, with the advent of brighter times the debt was cleared off; and about 1850 the chapel was im-; proved by the addition of galleries, vestries, and schoolroom. Freeman-street Chapel has thus been occupied for more than a quarter of a century, and those who attended the deeply affecting farewell ser vice conducted there by the pastor, Mr. Evan, on the evening of Sunday, April 7, will not soon forget the deep impression produced, as the rev. gentleman recalled to the memories of his hearers the sacred associations of the place. I The Rev. T. Q. Stow, for some years prior to his decease bad been subject to illness and the result was the obtaining of a co-pastor in the person of the Rev. C. W. Evan, the now loved and honored successor of the deceased. Mr. Stow died in Sydney, whither he went for the benefit of his health, in 186*2. His remains were brought over to Adelaide for interment, the day beingone of general mourning, and the procession that followed to his grave being far the greatest ever seen under similar circumstances in the colony. Over his grave a costly monument was erected by public subscription, and to this spot many will fondly repair for years to come of those who have known him, and, in still more distant years, of those who will have heard and read of the important part he played in the founding of this thriving colony. As the founder of Congregationalism in this province he labored long and hard, amid difficulties against which only the stoutest heart could hnve stood, to establish firmly the denomination with which he was immediately identified. He was evangelical in his aims and unsectarian in his desires, and hence he helped in every good work which was for the progress of religion in this province. His energy and earnestness were only squalled by his catholicity andlarge-heartedness, and hence he is held in honored remembrance by all the Churches. In the political history of our colony Mr. Stow took a conspicuous and leading part. He was one of the strongest opponents of the State aid to religion, and made the abolition of such assistance in this colony one of the aims of his life, and before he died he was permitted to ace not only the realization of his wishes, but also to witness the friendli ness and good will which, notwithstanding the withdrawal of this aid, exist amongst all the Christian Churches of this colony. OPENING PBATEB MEETING. The Chapel being now ready for occupancy, and all the preliminaries for the various services arranged, a solemn devotional serrice took place on the evening of Friday, April 12. There was a huge audience present, including ministers and representatives from various other Churches of different denominations. The Rev. C. W. Kvan commenced by reading the hymn, "Oh, Thou to whom in ancient times," which was sung liy the congregation, after which the Rev. Mr. Stonehonse (Baptist) read the C7th Psalm, and the Rev. M. Hodge offered prayer. Scripture was then again read by the Rev. 3. Lyall (Presbyterian), and prayer offered by the Rev. F. W. Con ; after which the Rev. C. W. Evan delivered the following DEDICATORY ADDRESS. "By the good band of God upon us we are per mitted to witness the completion of this build ing, and unite in the first song of praise, and in the first prayers offered within its walls. It has seemed to us appropriate that the first pnblic service held in the church should be mainly of a devotional character ; that worship should take precedence of instruction. To many of as. at least, the occasion is a solemn and a joyful one, and our thoughts and emotions find their most fitting expressions in praise and supplica tion. Fervent, indeed, should be our song of thanksgiving, and earnest the prayer which we breathe before God. We ask the God whom we worship and serve to accept the works and offerings of our hands. We seek grace that we may worship Him in spirit and in truth, that we may serve him acceptably with reverence and godly fear. We pray that the beauty of Jehovah may be upon us. We have erected this house unto His name. We trust that we have had no lower aim than the promotion of His glory, that we have sought not oar own, but the things which are Jesus Christ's. It is only as we have this conviction that we can now with true hearts seek the divine sanction and smile. Shame, indeed, would belong to us, and confusion of face would be our desert, if while professing to build and dedi cate a house unto God, we were seeking only our own aggrandisement, or the furtherance of a favorite form cr name. But though our hearts condemn us not as to our ruling aims and motives, yet it is not with a feeling of pure com placency that we can look upon the best of our works; and when we bring them into the presence of the Holy One, and ask his approval, we feel that we have also to ask the forgiveness of the sin which disfigures and mars them. The structure which we thus dedicate to God's ser vice is admitted by all observers to possess some degree of material excellence and beauty ; but it is none too beautiful, none too good for the use to which it is <levote.L Grand anil costly edifices have been erected for purposes mean, and morally •|ucstionablc, while U-o frequently >>uil.lings raised fur the noiricst an<l bc*l of ends have lieen rude and unsightly structures. In many cases, indeed, the me.uiness of the Christian sanctuary has beeu a. ucccssity of cir cumstances. The Christians of the first century, for instance, whatever might be their views of the externals of religion, had neither the wealth nor the liberty to erect goodly "sanctuaries, and in fsubsequent ages many of the followers of Christ, poor and persecuted, like their Master, have been too thankful for any manner of roof under which to assemble for worship. But in a community like ours, where Christians arc nu merous and comparatively rich, dwelling in houses supplied not only with all the comforts, but with many of the luxuries and costly adornments of civilization, it were verily a shame that the house of their Father, which is more proj>erly called their home than any other earthly habitation, were marked by unsightlincsa, ?nd poverty, and discomfort. The worship of God is a greater tiling than the business of the world, and the blessings of the sanctuary are even more precious than the blessings of home ; anil we see nut why, in a community like ours, claiming to be called Christian, the House of God should not surpass all other buildings in prominence of position and in beauty of conception and work manship ; while it should, by its very form and aspect, present a clear indication of the sacred ?Be to which it is devoted, and thus become to man, amid the absorbing pursuits and the mate rialising influences of earth, a silent but con spicuous witness for the Living God and eternal things. For whom are our best and most beau tiful tilings, if not for 'the God of love and beauty? Not that He has need of anything at our hands, but He takes pleasure in the offerings of love and devotion, and the soul that truly and intelligently loves will not offer unto Him the mean or blemished sacrifices. The notion that all beauties of art should be disso ciated from the Christian sanctuary and the worship of God, as if He who made all things beautiful delighted in deformities here, needs no confutation in our time. Many early Christians, not sufficiently distin guishing between religion and art in Paganism, looked upon art with suspicion and antipathy. Because the beautiful was known to them as allied to the unholy, the beautiful was re nounced and treated as profane. The same error has been committed in more recent times, and iv the section of the Church of Christ with | ! which we arc more particularly ideulinoL Our 1 Puritan forefathers, harassed and impoverished by oppressive enactments, were compelled to erect rude inartistic structures, in auy obscure locality where they could niid an asylum- Bat what was with them a necessity of their posi tion, some of their descendants came to look upon as a fixed accompaniment of pure and undefined religion. All artistic beauty in connection with the house of God was associated in their minds I with corruptness of worship and teaching. Hap pily, wiser thinking and a better spirit prevail in our day, and it is no longer thought neces sary that a building where the best and most I beautiful things are to be taught and enjoyed should itself be devoid of every attribute of grace and comeliness. But we must not feel too secure against the opposite and prevalent evil of lifting the externals and accessories of worship out of their proper sphere —that of strict subordination to the spiritual in religion. Un happily it is but too manifest that there is no necessary connection between the beauty of church architecture and the beauty of holiness that should pervade the worship of God. In the rudest structure, raised without profes sional aid of architect or builder, there may be such worship as the Father seeketh and such teaching aa sinful men need, while in the build ing of the highest architectural pretensions and merits the worship may be cold and formal and the teaching feeble and fruitless, and the grand edifice may prove but a garnished sepulchre. Our earnest prayer to-night is that within these w&Ub; men may draw nigh unto God with true hearts, by one Spirit, through the one Mediator; and that the teaching of the p-dpit may be inspired and energised from above. These ate the two purposes for which the building has been erected—worship and teaching—worship offered to God and instruction communicated to man. The two things are very closely allied and often blended in the service of the sanct'i ary; but they are in their nature distinct, and it is manifestly important that in the public exercises of the Church each* should occupy its proper place and have its due share of attention. An impression prevails that, as Congregational ists, we have given undue prominence to the sermon as compared with what is more directly worship. Some of our forms of speech seem to betray the error. The devotional portions of the service are commonly described as introductory. Going to a particular place of worship is going to hear a certain preacher. Persons among us who arrive late in the sanc tuary—ami with some this is habitual—seem to think it a trivial shortcoming if they are in time for the sermon. Akin to tins, is the idea fore most in the minds of many Christian people iv conne.' ;<m with their visit to the house of God —the i.1.-a of getting good—of receiving profit. It were-well, indeed, if none came up to ' the place of the holy'from a lower motive; but the godly man is surely capable of being prompted by a higher. Does he come to the church, aa he goes to his counting-bouse, simply for what he can get by it ? Is the temple only a spiritual mart, to which the traffickers come with the ruling question, ,' What profit shall we have?' Should Christians not say, rather, as the Lord's Day dawns upon them with its sweet and hal lowed memories and associations, 'Oh, come let as worship the Lord; let us make a, joyful noise unto the rock of our salvation; let us come before His presence with thanksgiving; let as kneel before the Lord our Maker, for He is oar God, and we are the people of His pasture, and the sheep of His hand.' Is there no gratitude springing from a sense of God*s rich goodness, yearning for expression in the solemn hymn of praise ? Is there no im presnoii of the greatness, the excellence, tha purity, and the condescension of God constrain ing the soul U adore and magnify His Holy name? Is there no sense of sin and unworthi ness impelling the soul to the presence of God, to the feet of the Redeemer to confess and pray and trust? It were well indeed if Christians, on repairing to the sanctuary, expected less from man, and rendered more glory to God, bringing into His courts the truest and devoutest offer ings of their hearts. They would find that a more excellent way, even iv respect of profit, for then would the human ministry prove to them the vehicle of richer blessing. In the public worship of God, from the synagogue downwards, the service of song has had its place and its importance. Our view of this is that it should be as far a? practicable congregational. 'Let the people praise the Lord.' If an instru ment is used, if a choir, official or semi-official, is employed, these are in no wise to exercise vicarious functions —to praise God for or in place of the assembly; but they arc to be held strictly subordinate and aux iliary to the general concert of the people in the exercise of praise. In this respect we have much to desire. Many good people appear in the church, and while God's praises are sung they are mere listener* and spectators, as if they had received from God neither hearts nor voices. They thus withhold from common wor ship that which they ought to contribute, anil deprive their fellow-worshippers of the aid which the sympathy of numbers i* designed to afford. As to the character of the psalmody, let it be artistic if it uuy. The best of music, aa well as well as the best of architecture, should be consecrated to God; but it were a great calamity if, while gaining in artistic excel lence and effect, it became undevout, not to say frivolus. We do not think that the Author of all harmonies has any pleasuie in harsh and discordant sounds; but we are sure that the rudest and most inharmonious strains of the most nutic congregation, if, at the same time, hearty and fervent, are more acceptable to the ear of God than the most artistic and har monions melodies, if with the understanding of song and the excellence of petformanoc there is wanting the spirit of praise and the heart of devotion. There is no reason, however, why culture should be nn devout in any department of God's service. There are reasons why culture should prove helpful to devotion. While we earnestly desire that those portions of the public service which are more strictly worship may he of a more spiritual and elevated character, we cannot afford in our time to assign to teaching in the sanctuary a lower position than it has occupied among us. As Congrqg?tionalists we are but a small section of the great Church of Christ in the world, but what position we have attained in that Church, and what influence pertains to that position, we owe very largely to the degree of intelligence and spiritual efficiency with which the truth of God has been proclaimed among us. We owe little to our organization except freedom from certain evils which may have en trammelled others. We owe little to wealth or prestige. We have inherited but a small share of these, nut wo owe much ondflr God to the power and fidelity with which godly men among us, sneaking verily as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, have preached the everlasting Gospel, and expounded the laws and principles of Christ's Kingdom. We honor the memory of the first Congregational ]iastor and the founder of the Congregational body in this land, and whose name [is to be permanently associated with this braiding. And to what does he owe the eminent position which the common voice of the Churches has assigned to him ? Donbtless to a variety of things, for he was endowed with a rare com bination of qualities; but mainly, I think, to the clearness and force, and consistency with which he proclaimed the truth of Christ, sod advocated the interests of our common faith. And whatever may be wanting here in time to coinc, I pray that there may be provided for those who shall assemble a true, efficient, and faithful ministry of God's Holy Word. On such ministry depends in no secondary degree the edifying of the body of Christ—on such a ministry largely depends the conversion of sinners from the errors of their ways. Much as is effected in oar day by the Sunday-school, the religions press, and other appliances, the preaching of the Gospel still occupiesa foremost place among tha agencies that God employs to save sinners, * to arouse the careless, the pre sumptuous awe, and torn the tide of souls another way.' And the objects for which this building has been raised will not be f ulfiiled if here sinners are not drawn to the uplifted .Saviour—if here the sin-burdened and troubled soul does not find rest and peace—if here the voice of the prodigal is not heard saying, * Father. I have sinned"—if here the heart* of tlie contrite ones arc not revived and blessed. God forbid that any Gosiiel should be preached here which shall not go down with its Divine remedy to the roots of man's need— which shs!! ~>t reveal to him in his sin and wretchedness the Christ of God, the Christ in carnate, crucified, risen, and ever living to save. I trust that for generations to come the truth as it is in Jesus will be proclaimed here in its simplicity and in its fulness—for simple enough is it to meet the requirements of the humblest and most illiterate, and full and deep enough is it to satisfy the soul of the pro foundest philosopher, if while a great * man in un-lerstandinfe* he is also 'a child in malice' and in heart. We have no reason to apprehend that amid the remarkable developments of the present day, :xui the foreshadowed develop ments of the f iture, the everlasting Gospel will be outstripped and left behind, an inanimate thing of the past. It is still young, and was never more "vigorous; and we have a strong persuasion that if the preacher of the Gospel were up to bis vocation, he would be found in the van of all true progress, and would hail in his Master's name every light of philosophy, and every discovery of science, being assured that all truth, as well ss all grace, centres in the fulness of Him by whom all things were made, and by whom all things consist. Referring again for a moment to the mutual relations and mutual dependence of worship and teaching, history has its lessons to read to us on this subject. One of these lessons is, that true and efficient teaching is essential to the purity and spirituality of worship. It has been observed by a wise man among us, that 'Every age distinguished by an enlightened and earnest Christianity has been an age no less distinguished by an enlightened and earnest preaching of the Gospel. In ages of superstition forms are raised into the place of instruction; in ages of piety instruction is raised into the place of forms. Separate from preaching, the meaning of external observances, even when of divine origin, is soon obscured and lost. It is only when allied with evangelical instruction that such tilings are assigned to their proper place, and used to their proper end. The mission of the Gospel isa mission to instruct and edify; but to instruct and edify is a service pertaining to the preacher and not to the ritualist. The end <£ religion may be worship, but the means to that end is instruction, and in struction mainly by preaching.* Such words deserve a hearing in view of certain ecclesiastical developments of our day. The revival and ex tension of ritualism in churches of the Protes tant designation is one of the gravest, and, as we think, most humiliating facts in the reli gion of our day. It has been argued that this ritualistic revival is but the offspring of an architectural revival; that the revivers of Gothic art in ecclesiastical structures opened the door to the Ritualista/and bade them enter. In other words, that a high Ritual worship, with all its ornate and costly appurtenances, is but the natural and necessary result of the revival of a better taste and feeling in our church architecture. It would not be difficult to establish a connection between any two things associated with religion; but that the connection between the architec tural and the ritual in this case is a necessary connection, we fail to perceive. Because some degree of the aesthetic is appropriate and desir able in the externals of worship, it does not follow that there may not be ridiculous excesses and mischievous applications of it. I trust we need not assure our friends that in taking pos session of this Gothic building, we are not con scious of any secret proclivity towards an en larged ritual; nor are we apprehensive that any thing that meets the eye in this place is likely to seduce us in. the least degree from the Con gregational simplicity of our worship. We cherish a high regard for the Church of England —the old Church of our native land—and we should not be ashamed to imitate her in any thing that seemed to us good ; but with that ritualistic movement, involving as it clearly does a large increase of the priestly element, we have no sympathy. To our eye it is a wholly retrogrado movement, pointing to the dark- ' ness of the middle ages. We can ace nothing good ia it, nothing indifferent, except it may be regarded as a confession of weakness and want. Some zealous participants in the move ment have pleaded in its favor that they could not interest and attract the people by public teaching and the observances of a simple wor- i ship, and that therefore the ritual aud the i symbolic were put in requisition. By these the people are interested, as evidenced by the crowds who frequent the high ritual chu.xoes, while other churches near, who followin the old path, are well nigh deserted. But we seriously ask what is the value of the interest thus ex cited ? Is it not of a very low type ? Are men really bettered by these ceremonials? It would ill-become us, on the present occasion, to violate that charity which thinketh no evil, which hopeth all things; but we find it difficult todivest our mind of the notion that amid the Christian light of our time those high ritual performances in which vestments and attitudes are such conspi cuous features, look very like playing at religion. We are, indeed, assured that the Ritualists are eminently characterised by earnestness; still, to our eye, it looks remarkably like the earnest nesss of children at their play. Is it the earnest ness of men who are really faking to make their fellow men better by means adapted to effect it?—means adapted to enlighten the mind, to improve the heart, to qoicken the moral sensibilities, to elevate and transform the character, to save the soul ? Let any thoughtful man who has been an eye- witness, or only a mental observer of one of these high ritual services, turn away and look into his New Testament and read one of Paul's Epistles, or onr Lord's sermon on the Mount, and will he not find him self breathing a very different atmosphere and attending to a very different kind of teaching? How little is there in the life and teaching of Christ on which a fabric of ritualism could be based? How few are His words respecting the two simple ordinances of His appointment— baptism and the Lord's Supper ? Bat how fre quent and strong was His condemnation of the prevailing ritualism of His day! The ritualistic Pharisee was Christ's greatest human foe, and against him and his ritualism the strongest in dignation of the Holy One was directed. In this Church onr desire wiU be to adhere to the Christian ritual in its simplest form. We recognise no priesthood «*«e that of Jesus and the common priesthood of all the sain*. We believe in no mystic efficacy of rites and sacraments. We arc all brethren worshipping only the one living <3od, trusting only in the one Mediator, and looking for all spiritual results through the operation of the one Rktsed Spirit. It is known to all present that the Church which we thus set apart for worship and for the proclamation of the Gospel is also de signed to be a memorial of oar departed and reverend friend Mr. Stow. It is now nearly five years since he finished bis course, and entered into rest; but though dead lie yet speakctb. How familiar to us arc his form anil features, and saying*, and long will it be ere these shall be effaced from our minds. The erection of such a. memorial is a work sanctioned by (he piety and intelligence of all times. The godly Hebrews of ancient tunes frequentlr put up their memo rial •tones. They raised monumental objects to perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodnest to them at special times and places, that the past might often be recalled for the purposes of piety and devotion. And let it not be supposed that by this memorial we are aiming merely at the exaltation of the fawaaa. We desire to glorify God in man. We ""•^g"S«« the gifts and excellencies with which God endowed j onr departed friend for the benefit of the Church and the colony. We perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodness in having sent to this land one so eminently fitted for the position and circumstances in which : hewaspUced. We express in a visible awl per manent form onr gratitude for all the good that was accomplished through bis instrumentality. When onr children and oar children's cbildten shall ask their fathers in time to come what mean these stones?—why is the building thus designated?—then they shall answer: Thus and thus has God dealt with our people in the past But I must bring my remarks to a dose. In an address given on an Oceanian like the present, the opening of a church for the use of a par ticular denomination of Christians, it is but natural that the denominational element should protrude itself somewhat prominently. Bat I would take the opportunity, as the. minister and the representative of the people who shall worship here, to assure our friend* connected with other sections of the Christian Church, that we earnestly desire to cherish not only good will bat brotherly kindness toward all the mem bers of the body of Christ, We thank our friends of other churches and denominations for their kindly sympathy in the undertaking which is thus brought to a completion. We thank them for the evidence of their sym pathy by their presence to-night. And our earnest prayer is, that onr common Lord and Saviour may be exalted, that oar common faith may prevail, and that the land of our adoption, so highly favored in the providence of God. may become distinguished for all that is good, and noble, and great. One word more in conclusion; and I wish to say it especially to the members of our own congregation. We are assembled, my brethren, for the first time in a bnDding dedicated to God's worship. Let us solemnly ask oonel res —are we now, and shall we be, if permitted to frequent this sanctuary, such worshippers as the Father seeketh to worship Him? We may hare much to do with the worship of God outwardly, and yet have no more part in the reality of that worship than has the building in which we meet. We believe that within these walls there shall rise op silently and progressively, through the ministry of the truth, and by the power of God's spirit, a spiritual house—a building of God, composed of lively stones, and resting on the foundations of the Apostles and prophets, Christ himself being the chief corner-stone. Let ns see that we are incorpo rated with that building. Let ns dread jibe thought of being the mere scaffolding as it were of the spiritual temple, having only -a temporary connexion with it, to be {railed down and cast away when the work is finished. Oh, that all who shall assemble here may find themselves built into God'it living and ever lasting temple, whose foundations no changes can effect, whose beauty no lapse of time can impair, and which shall appear in it* full crandeur when all earthly structures have perished." The address was listened to with th<\- most profund attention, anl at the dose a collection was made. The service terminating with Scripture reading and prayer, and the Iw?m?J?- -tion by the Rev. A. Bigg. SUNDAY SERVICE. On Sunday. April 14, the opening •""?«?■ were preached. The moron* *e™?* •"■ J??" ducted by the Bey. A. M. Henderson, of Mel bourne, formerly of Clareinout Chapel, London, and after warship the rev. gentleman selected a* the basis of his discourse, the foUowing ! words from Isaiah, 57th ch?n. 15th verse : -For thoa saith the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, whose mne i? Holy; 1 dwell in the high and holy place, with Hun also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and to re vive the heart of the eontnte ones." Mr. Henderson, in hi« exordium, referred to the time and circumstances- nnder which toe words of his text were spoken by theprophet— a time -hen the wicked king Manasseh, havin? departed from the ways of luafather^earedtjie aVirVof ? shameless idolatry *hroM*out?he land, and Mien the people were utterly «?sa? rate and debased. These sin. ££ to expose with an unshrinking baad. He toH tfaemthat Jehovah wouU po*™!* *"", •?**• open them, and that bi« ««rf"J *«*^?K would eolu upon them; bat, h-t U? peopfc should tremble and have no hope, he ottered the words of divine consolatoon in the text, which while exhibiting the majesty of the living God, also presented an aspect of His wo^u* condescension, loving kindness, s?d mercy. These topics would co^yiSien-stten tion that mornin^-lst. The ***** of Ood; 2nd. His condescending mercy R«? e£™ l£ *? tiie Scripture references to God •• "The high and lofty One," as the ejgn by whwb the pro phets set forth the infinite perfect! m of God and His Government of all things; be pro ceeded to remark that the Beingwho w?? the fount of all beings aad of ail perfeetam, snust himself be infinitely perfect. He was perfec tion of power, foraUhoogh He had spread the heavensfas a curtain, and created toe infinite worlds of apace, these were bat portions of Hi* waysT As they looked tWgh out the wide creation taey saw H? per fection of wisdom: in the magnitude of the heavens aad the mighty orbs which tenanted «p?ee; in die rezullrity of tfcrir in«man<>nts and the law* which had ended thtsa siacethey were first*)* on their course ; ia the processes of growth decay, dissotetioa. and reproduction, and in the wundrotu adaptation of all these to the production of even the tiniest flowers at their feet and in the universal joywuooa of nature. His majesty was shown, too. ia that Be had the government of all beings. However exalted a man might be above his feuewa, hi* highest Grandeur could be brought to the dust by the word of God. Those creatures of dark ness who had disobeyed His wfll were east down and bound in everlasting chains; and those spotless beings in Heaven, the mightiest poten tates who stood before the Throne, rendered their loftiest homage to God. The next «*pres ston in the text wm equally striking—" that inhahiteth eternity." God's eternity w? im pressed upon them by the Scripture statement* with greater force than almost any other truth, and reason brought precisely the ssjnetesUmony respecting it Everything on the earti bore the mark of having beenprodnoed; am", this carried them op to the First Cause, himself uaproduced, and thus they reaehrd the convic tion that He must be self-existent, and eternally existent. The eternity of God was one of the ultimate facts of the reason of man, and it was utterly impossible for man ever to blot it out from the record of his thinking. Having dwelt somewhat further on the eternity of OM, he passed on to the consideration of the holiness of God, "whose name is holy. 1* This attribute was frequently ascribed to Him in Scripture, but in addition to this, coosaenos—God* vice gerent in man—the long line of history, and the glorious revelations of Isaiah and of the Apoca lypse, bore the same testimony. The dwelling place of God was next considered. "I dwell in the high and hotyplace," and someof the theories which hadbeenputforward resneetingit. were re- I ferred to. Batalthoughhedweltinthe "highand : holy place,'' he dwelt also "with Him who is of a cuntnteandhuttible spirit." This, then, revealad to them God's condescending mercy. The rev. gentleman spoke very eloquently upon this point, allowing how, although God could have I no sympathy with sin, he was condescending enough to receive the chief of sinners, if they were humble, contrite, and penitent, and that, if in this spirit they camo to him " he would revive the spirit of tbo humble, and revive the heart of the contrite ones." Before closing he urged them, a* they now dedicated that new Church to God, to work heartily and unitedly in His cause. That house was nothing unless He himself should inhabit it, and he therefore exhorted them to pray that this great end might be achieved; that in that place God's goings forth might be seen, and that many im mortal souls might he brought into his fold. In conclusion he appealed to the liberality aad generosity of the congregation, to aid by their gifts in removing from the bunding the debt which was attached to it, and thus make the dedication of this new house of prayer mom ac ceptable to Him to whose service U was dedicated. In the afternoon the Rev. J. Jcfferis, LL.B., officiated, and preached from Galstian*. sth chapter Ist verse. "Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made as free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." After teferring to these services as appropriately accompanying the dedication of a new house to God, he said that sach occasions had always been deemed specially fitted for the assertion of the great and distinct principles of Christianity. It was natural at snch tune to ask for what purpose they had assembled, why was this building erected, what worship would be celebrated there, what doctrines b« taught within those walls? He purjiosed that after noon to direct their attention to a movement of great magnitude which was taking place among the Christians of England; he referred to the Ritualistic movement, but he should not io so in any sectarian spirit, or with any oaatioversial aim, than which there was nothing he more intensely hated. He then referred to tW rise of ritualism within the pale of the National Church of England, remarking that a move ment countenanced as this was by a Cbnrcb, endowed with the offerings of the wealthy, exercising almost complete control over the two great English Universities, could not take place without cxerung a mighty influence upon Eng land and upon Christendom at large. He then proceeded to draw a parallel between the Church at Galatia at the time when Paul wrote and the Church of Britain at the present day. Shortly after Faul had established the Church at Gala tia the fervor of his converts began to decline, and they longed for the material and symbolical worship of their fathers. The present ritualistic movement bad points «if similarity with ths con dition of the GalatUn Church. The two great signs of the times, as far as he bad been able to read them, were—the spirit of association with its liberty, and the hierachy with its tyranny. After a period of deep piusliilion the priest hood had again encroached upon Christian free dom; and there were two chief modifications of this spiritual despotism—tyranny of that which was outward over the senses and the Imagina tion—this was Bitoalinn proper; aad the tyr anny of the human will acting upon miad and heart—which was Bitnatism in it* effect*. He then proceeded to discuss these topics. Bitoal ism, he said, demanded the augmfteeut service of the medieval Church, in which everything should be ornate and goigeoaM, and stately; and the arguments advanced in favor of it were—that it was authorised by Scrip ture, that it was based upon the practice of the ancient Church, and that it was emi nently calculated to impress Cor g*o& the masses of the maple. He desaed that Scripture—the Gospels aad Epistles especially, justified Btaulism, aad he condemned the idea of re ▼ntugto old institution* long since defanct On the third point he asked whether the means adopted by the rito&lists; would snaial in their object in instructing the masses. He had often stood in the magnificent cathedrals of Europe, and he hadfeltarevereutial awe and a tamu] toons passion by turns, but emotion* of sentiment could not inform the mud or teach the heart. | Nor did the results of ritralistie worship bear | ont the insertion put forward that ritualism -*-" —-* r-r I—iliT1 —iliTr 3! tr inrt —rt thr musses Let Rome witness. There sacerdotal splendor flourished, sad there was not a n<ore benighted or ignorant population in Europe than in Come. But a heavier charge against the ritaalistie theology was that it advocated a system which was nothing less than a code of spiritual tyranny; the priesthood being set np orerthe individual will and heart. History showed tha the despotism of ministers of n-iigioo was greatly to be dreaded, and hence religious despotism mfrirri to he checked in it? wry iMyiming. ThU despotism made tbedentyman a priest, bade him minister at an altar, andoOer the very bouy aad very blood of the Divine Victim ; charges him to pronounce the baptised regenerate; place* bin in the confessional to probe the deep secrets of the human soul; entrusts him with the awful power of absolution. Wm he wrong in calling this spiritual dosnotism, or denouncing it as high treason? Did ikeir spiritaal guides a*k them to submit to anything likethis? A migfaty majority stood forth ton? "No;" in the name of God aad of tenth, eter nally. "Jfo;" and across the ages, the voice of the great Apostle came like the sound of a trumpet, " Stand fast in the evil day; stand fast in the liberty wherewith Christ has made as free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." But was there any real cause for alarm that British Chi istianity would go away into heresy on the one band, or superstition on the other? He had confidence intfeEagiish nation jsa?ibk, reading and Bible Umng'peopte, and he had confidence, too, in the simple, stnXduV forward common sense of bis feUow-subiecta to think they would not be easily duped by the subtleties of pbfloiopber. or of rdSSo/pro fesson. Then-fathers had poured oat their best Wood m the cause of religions freedom, aad they should seek to secure for their children what they themselves now enjoyed. The rev. gen tleman, in closing, thus referred to the reverend minister to whose memory the cfanrch was boiU: — My brethren, we honor to-day, with such reverence as we are permitted to Tender to a fellow mortal, a great and safted —"l This diarcfa'is a memorial ofnis piety and of h* work. But a nobler moauroent is reared to the name of Thomas Qniaton Stow Hr wm Uu- fomnont champion of Kriigious Liberty in (his province; his aaue is written largely on our religioos institatians. Chiefly to him, under God, is it doe that the churches of this land were so early rmmnjmtM from State control. Throughout his canar as a-i^ for Christ he contended for faasrti^nsT forms aad against ail its fosa. b^L^ his labors aad his works do f oHov £■? faith, fuDy considering the end of k,^,* tion, Jesas Christ the sasse yestaroJajTSi" and for ever. And this day v ocr wU^S' look to Christ as our Saviur ; we S£d 2> Gospel as the charter of freedom. W?n~.l* His spirit to lead us into all truth ■ %ZTL^ what wiU let us bold fast our proiwW^S with loyalty to our deliberately forssedc—^ tion«—not mere pinions picked up at ?Jjt —let as contend against everytDiss: iT«J Church which He has swt 2Jj blessed. His voice wineatwniagi n, ■ HkhSS alone shall lead us. wTtraatte &TWt;?J priest, we obey Hn %<i ou prophet, «? verenee Hun as our king, and }orf vH T ?, i n *T forward to «he time when afl tn7 £iidss«t this world shall become tbe iaagiomSc^ onto that brightest manifestaOsa «f HsTsoll-1 re^nty, when ha shall oome in ths dooiTS heaven with power and with gnat sWT-^ ™ The evening aarrioe was coadaetodbr &. Rev. Mr. Hemiorsem. The Csnntsi was £jZ crowded on tfaeooessnsi-notssdy ww?dJ2 record thUGod hath gr^tos^etora.JmV, 3 this life is in His San. He tkat bathtiaTasn hath not tife." The rev, gfintli—i' p) oa«a-?? referred to tbe tans) tastisati-iiu pveTisnS chapter t* the isxportant tratt tfcst J_Z Christ was bom of Ged-th. Spirit. tW wsi? •adtheblsod. TWtert-onrdrVi^ tooktobethebaatisaiof Jssas by <!«,«. ,£ baptism of John wm a baptism of htm In but Christ had •? am, therefore he ■euwL repmtaaee, aad the rite, so far .. bTp^l. w*x canosraed, was wmnmssaiy aadfabi; W in his character as ii|Siisilitin sf sbssbbi biptism was swjtabk aad nreaer, far bTtk. •rrtact be ideatifiel hKS a^i^t p?tion. " The blood "Draught to tasw &V; other part of His awnatsirisl wsrk, sad «V tsv tmony of ths spirit was ta* aMSBMbywIS oonvietion was brought into t>? basrtlu Divine Bedeesaer, aad so Isag ss then *?. mained a sinner to. he Bwirisaai sal brougbt to Ote knowtaais ef Chnst, ? kmz wouMtttewtiimtestbmfcisferfTitsT Ha then proceeded to draw tassxto??Sssfa. bearen to tan* tangs-ant, ta* gift «f Qsi bare recorded; second, ta* BM«aW tkn^T which tbe gift is bestowed apea as; sad.tanL theresstiea of doterent ekssss to k!?«3 reoardad wm Hsoml lira, eat «b* ntsaW dweU with great lam? upsatM* to?sa,^aia?v ingtfaemeaaingof "eternal ln^wbiaVs* saUwastaeforgiveaessofsia. BttSwMil the various Aspartments into wafct life mm dawnftfA—intoaaiaals nitfTVmt—l mis 0. uj religious lifts, showing aow?mTtowc rahank sDustbereligioaslifs;aadto he MfsaTWat be eternal. He drew a fougasl batiiiisi tss ■niritaal deadness of Baal of taosa, J«« Bonyaa, John Newton, aad TVaaas Cbabaea, in their earlier days, aad the nUbunt lat which they afterwards lived; saowfagbortat aame burning aasl aad earasstness «f iiiiiiiws which charaewsised them in than- sn> iwe brooghttobearfor good vben their bearts sat been touched by the love of Christ saj taar whole live* devoted to His ouse. Tba Bfc. although eternal, would not be ssfasu?jl tiaOy different ■ from what it was übsi the earth ; it would only change la tat conditions and circumstances through whisk it passed. On the second bead (the wliaa through which tins gift was. bestowed) he sail this lne was given unto a through Christ, sal was revealed onto a* in the life and doth sal resurrection of the Saviour. Witt rcgart t? the mediation of Christ, there were mea wW rejected the doctrine of Christ's alto gether, and in reply he proceeded to paint set how thoroughly and fully the pnoeinle sf mediation was shown in human life and hrnaa society, remarking that there was not a safj* blessing which we enjoyed that did not boat through mediation; and that whOit thii wen: of mediation harmonised with tie geanl principles of nature, it infinitely snpasedal them aIL He dwelt earnestly upon tbe hat tonic of hia discourse (the relation of to* gift to different classes) showing that «Wb those who had the Son had life, those abo was believed not the Son had not life, sal pressing home the solemn truth upon their hearts, and entreating them fondly sal earnestly to See from the wrath of Csi, and close with tbe wondronsly loving ofes which He had made. He hoped it vonUht well that they bad spent that boor tocrtbe>, and might that service in after time be tluscfat of with pleasure by all. The rev. genllenaiili sermon occupied an hour and 20 nmtutea ia de livery, and wm most atteotivdr hfteaed ta throughout. On each occasion collections wan made. THE LBCTUBE. On Monday evening, April 15, the Rev. Mr. Henderson lectured in tie new Cbmeh in *H«f the Building Fund, when there were sbwt W person* present Prayer having bees offeree 1 by the Bey. sir. Mead. Mr. Thoxa? GsaYSfl prended, and in nttro daring the lecturer, said in February. I«GS, tbe Bey. Mr. Graham delivered a lecture, aad he was then caUedapon to preside also. At that tine they bad a great work before them, a* tat* contemplated exacting a aobk place for tbe worship of God, sad also to the meramyof * name which was dear to most of fbem. H# j trusted that they were not dissppamiel B* knew souwfrieoi considered thtt that taT4sr was too costly andgood, and otken tbcnghi ft too ornamental. He could not, bowercr. ap?t wichtheseriewa. As a boosefortbe ?«iids of God it could not be too good; nor could aqr thing to commemorate the name of Mr. 6tc«r be too sood-Oear, bear)-«nd he f* that althonin they aright have some n|ihUl s-«rk U clearoff the o^ which remained on ta; bafl* ing, they had onlr done their dmtj, ao<l aU perhaps fallen short of theu-dntr. Ht hai tak?aniatereirtiatiiatefann?VDUtib>4 ?* beeneurpasscd by any one. He trusted oat tie boose bniU for worship there, wetUtna; many souk to Chrtst, He hoped t>ut htauk aad strength woaM be ghrea to their dearpatar that he might worship, aad give forth tbe trots as it ism Jams, and, if so. ta*t*A<* thst baOdinrbeuur too Urge, they wmUfinAitw* wenfiifciHe felt indebted <o Mr. Hesfcnss for vimtiag them thus. He called upon hm B MeTbonrne, aad was gratified to find that kj readily acceded to his request U> come orer and openthediureh.i/it snet tbe approral sf As friends in Adelaide. Hewasoowamonrrttbem. and he trusted that it would not be for thr fast time, mm also tint their dear panor as^t aometimfls be abb to visit lUhrorfe, *i to | tiwia<^Bew?«ddflndtin«morebau&alb;>fa? | aeaUhtiisa Ins ooessioaal trips into the^wrtrj. At the time of the last ?«*««*?.* ti* h\¥ referred, it was mentioned as sVsosMetbstA* mimsten of the TarioaseoloaiashouUexdua^ pulpit*, but little had yet been dose U> ear/ tfcti oat. The «ob -Cohort Ye," «n4 tte <**• " And tike Glory <* tbe toni," were the* «nf. The Her. Mr. Eddomi the. «???«• I Us leetsM upon « Hatsa* sad Man.- oi if* spsceof aeaV two hoar* «?f?*«* >**+ canted with an eloquence sad font *** eoehained the atteation of his hesren tbnsa* oat. U«law^s?a«ls>wWmithebi?«jf? coaMMTliiiismeT iadadmc all tbe <W *> IteaVem«^e«ta,ailaallaeTtiMearth,k««> tioaed a few tkaa fartaepapase of I«rve«ac liisaadieaee«sqT?mgthatbeiritead--aw4«2 on all thesT^iTT stadeatofwtfli.be ta* been led into wide field* of •"•w*^*!* coarse of his eaquirws be had dnetves s «f*? and harmonyHi sO things. He had se? no part was MoUted from another part. W *• sllthe parts were rekted toeacbotha.^ formed JaTninvenal wtaJe.l«thjssyi?e?bjsal dateovered that a final cause eii«*«d, ?> • etupuryastowhst being it wa* in wW? the«e eiMO) found their goal, hedoarreroUW U was a being occupying a pre-«iiijiert V™** am that being was nian-?hela«t creitaw'**" Hy God. aad for whom all things Ui *«• created. He therefore thought it well «?JP? on the sobiect of nature and man, and imi«w these rektioa?, sod show how it was that ■* stead at the head of them all. Tbew «• another light in which he bad b«W? look at aatoe ta relation to nm-j"* nvdatioa te him; aad fust a* nstaredia«n>r that positio*-* eertaui mediatery rebMsr awakening certain thoughts, evekin, eerto* priariffe? in the Blind, ud l^dwjr*! higher Being, be thought that a discDSsws^«TJ? saea^u^ete as Man," «*£* Bible aadlba" would doosasetiuigto rsscne ti^wMwhyhelertoredoiiSefort^** snbjeete. feww«aotlieeT|ieetoitejJ*sr anything in the form of a natural *«*2J2 be would take it for graated that sD f*~ held the conviction thst there ?s* sWSj He hoped also that he shoaUast **g~£ the old Greeks and Bomsnsnaderstess **_** termaatan. sasaetbi?gwhkawas_ererpw?j ciag aad bemg prodooed, merer I*™*^ completed. He eosdd not eUher ***?£ but he would famish tfaem with definitions which bad been given on tin* ?s?j?? He alluded to some of tbe ****>—*]£, which had been given, such a* a *■*" animal, tori-asia* tabasl; bat •* ?** terms, a* witfaaatare, faHeJ.tD. <*£??£* one sentence sll tlie ehars«tenstK? betajw him. Nevertheless, however, they ksej •? was iadoded in the tenas■«*««?*J^J although aasbie to detae theavj?ey^^ powerssnrTWiiidingandbetaiging t*JTf'j_i be should ask them to «*"W ? F~£li*t where tbese tUags net aad t^^J^Si^asa; He should then speak to the- "USLSS^^fil of MUre to "STrfilAjffly. .^^hV^ «stbetically. aad reh^oashr. UP"JIi •ffe* aiajestie Mama, **?£*Z*2*L -^5 1 in sire to sosse amssals. bat ■e j Tsjw??sf J of no rare tiisawts, !>?*■■?■? A the earth. A?d hew •?•***' .jJM MM wmie of 'dement* exceedingly nue bow it be possible for so many of these works «f Ood'« hand* to exist. Looking at it pbysic afly all things in nature sustained an intimate Illation to num. The earth, for instance, was re- to man an ita aize. The law of gravitation ever attracted in measure of its weight and density. Take vegetation for instance. Let the Svitating power of the earth be increased and i meehanioal power of plants remain as at Marat, and there would be no power to send up the ssp. On the other hand, if the gravitating power w?s lessened, «id the vital power of plants {nattered, they would send up the sap with too Bimeh vigor and destroy their own purposes, ffcenlookat the earth's relation to the motion and respiration cf man. If the earth were as large as Jupiter, the attractive power would be ll time* greater than at present, and man would fee a kind of crawlirg animal, and every motion would be accompanied with great pain; and if tat attractive power were less than at present, there would be a want of that force, drawing fchn to the centre, and he would not feel firmly planted on the earth. So with the atmos phere. If it were denser every breath (hat was $MWn would give pain to the creature. As fir, too, as they were able to judge the earth tMCtmied the beit position for light and heat Think of its complex motions—its motion round tha sun within the course of the year firing the variety of the seasons—its motion roond its own axis giving day and night. What advantage were these motions in their relation to the vegetable kingdom ? Take, for fin*-""", the seasons. Nature required all those. She wanted winter for rest and conso lidation ; spring for revivification; summer for patting forth her flower and maturing vigor; and autumn to bring forth the matured fruit, take away the seasons or any of them, and to Oat extent they would destroy the fruit bearing trees. The present economy of the globe was the only one suited to the existence «f bub. Let them carry thought back to the Nearly time when the earth first permanently aariuned the spherical form—when it was heaving With volcanic throes—when the solitude and tOnnce were broken only by the thundering bants from some new volcano. Man could not hsn lived then in that intense heat. Come np through the ages to the carboniferous period, and see if man could have lived then. True, th* earth had never been arrayed in a more beautiful robe than at that time, but the very name of the age showed that the atmosphere mi oomposed of carbonic acid gas, which was destroativeto life. Look at another period— the aeeondary oolitic age, when the gigantic fathyoeaurus, megioaanms. and those other ■wasters of fearful shape lived upon the earth, sad it would be seen that it would have re quired a condition physical and mental wholly different to what man now possessed. So it wat that in no period back along the whole line «f the ages did they find a condition of the earth ■nitable to the existence cf man until that in which he now lived. But they must not think that these past ages bad no relation to them. They ware indebted to the carboniferous period for their granite, their porphyry, their slate, their diamond, their coal. The oolitic age gave them their limestone, which were the remains of the life and death of the •natures which flourished then. Those volcanic forsas to which ha had referred were nmlring de posits of iron and of other mineral treasures which brought such wealth to man, and giving beauty to the earth by the upheaval of the aaifhty mountains. Let no one, then, speak Irreverently of the science of geology which re vealed all the wondrous preparations of God for tbt coming man, bnt rather let them fall in hrostrate adoration before Him who, from the toandations of the world, had been m?Wn g nadyforhit fc&ppiness.; (Cheers.) He then proceeded in thought below the surface of the •arta, revealing the riches of the mineral king •teat and their wondrous adaptation of its pro- Aaets to the 'use of man—the stone for their fcmldmgs, the marble for their sculpture, the •oat for their houses and ships, and the thou sand other uses to which it was put; the diamond, too, and glass which, though not a mineral product, was produced by man out of the materials provided. Who should speak of tha comfort H afforded in their dwellings, or the revelation* of the heaven 'which it Bade to the astronomer? How valuable, too, was gold and silver for their coins and medals, fermtare and ornaments; but more precious wren than gold, or silver, or copper, was iron, which, by its malleability, ductility, and fusi bility, was so eminently suited to the uses <?f awn, and without which the race must sink to barbarism. Quicksilver, too—the only metal whkh was in a liquid atate—was precious to ■an, for without It the barometer and ther ssoiaeter, Iwith all their incalculable benefits, weald be without use to him. Coming up to the vegetable and animal creation, he said it was herj that they derived all their food and dotting, without which all the rest would bo w—losn. Look at the cereals and the esculents affording food to man; the cocoanct, the tea gUnt, the vine, affording drink to him; the iax and the cotton giving him Jus clothing; lbs magnificent trees of the forest forming his tumses. This was the ministry of the vegetable •nation to man, and then there was the ministry •f the animal creation too. It was not needful to speak of the domestic animals—the ox, the ■wine, the sheen, which supplied the food of awn ; of the noble hone, which ran by his fleet ■eMtheerrands of man, which bent by his docility to the will of a child, which carried by his •outage the warrior to the resistless charge. Hot was it necessary to dwell upon the dog, that constant faithful guardian of his master's picpsilj, that unbnbed and incorruptible friend —lor he could not do these themes justice. There was one thing, too, in the relation of ve getables and «iitn*l« to man which he could not gas£ namely, the distribution of these in various farts of the earth. This distribution was very angular, being suited to the precise wants of •nan. In the South Sea Islands and in the Indies the cocoanut afforded food and clothing •ad materials for the dwellings of man. In Sooth America, too, there was tho date-tree, which was said to afford wine, oil, vinegar, and dothing. Such plants belonged to specific parts m the globe, and rendered their own essential services there. And so with animals. In the north there were the whale and the •ed, which -gave oil and warmth to man wen: and the musk-ox and reindeer, which •upptied him with food and with fun; these latter animals being able to feed on Ma scanty vegetation to be found in the snow. O they looked ovef the broad temperate zone, ttqr would ace the ox, the ass, the hone pre- Mtsd Cor man, bnt where sandy deserts stretched •nonnmaUy, there was the camel, with special ywntion for work in that climate. Having (juiced at the universal diffusion of the dog, •slening to the variety of ways in which it had pond faithful and serviceable to man, he tuned to the consideration of water, cf the pe cabar value of which they were, he said, all •ware. It entered into all things necessary for y*?*nd ? howoyer much it might be questioned, Bomtttated three-fourths of the human body. Ho spoke of ita utility domestically—how it s<otodthofertaityof?heaoa- how in the shape (froon. it became the boundaries of nations, •ad Etdhtatedsommeree, and how on the ocean Jtteaporisod the heat, purified the atmo jl**l"t and formed the great highway ■**fgem one country and another, thus """""I the interchange of products. He yP"l.^** *** dWerent processes of the oon «aaasaon, expansion, ana evaporation of water, •"•"I how each and all aided in the general *ai«B of sustaining Hfe. Passing from tie anh- Jjwflfwater, hsapoksof the atmosphere, which *******aseompuoed of 21 parts of oxygen ■ fflP* 1 "f nitrogen and some other gases. JiJSMw'wn wWmiatMefthe inerelse or B?? «f thaw proportions would effect, -*?)*-■—*-? I smi ■■■■liifnl —<\- r *-tiim one y*n«ho other in the sastonanoe of animal and ??'*?'■ Efc- Alluding to light, he dwelt in "•jnent terms upon its marvellous minirtra ■jensto the being and well-being of man. It JJta|bii faculties to rigor and joy ;it guided ■onto, bis course through the day ; it exhibited -J?5 f"^** •* loveliness and grandeur; it re •godtohnn the smile of friendship and the 22*u«f charm of beauty; and, without the JW*?* exaggeration, it might be said it painted 2"J3*«iPerfnmedthe violet. He referred S«tL_*n* of air, and stated how many tons .. " . Wt?"_Preas?d upon man, which pressure was •■■Merbalauced by the vital forces within him. 5* ypwted in poetic language the use and ""■•■P of air in motion, from the P 1?. *■** ohook a continent to the gentle ■Wrr that fanned the cheek of the invalid; MS then passed on to the consideration of JSZnF 18* intellectually. Rapidly and euc *y ?tweed the first glimmerings of aci- Tjesa* developed in the primeval races, and JJTtS down to the time of the ancient 2"™. ne said it was amongst these that the s~™ • tiiought of scientific order was found. ™««rred to the first philosopher of Greece, "■Wnrtedan eclipse of the sun, and who ■«a4down«u? idea that water was the first ~^?L?U things as a thought for succeeding 2V,Tnenoame Anaxunenes, who carried his 3** M)pt>oiis still farther, and determined g*™ w the first cause of things. Follow- J, mat-W*« Diogenes, who came to the con- JJ?a that the earth was a great animal; and ZL*2 •noposded by Anaxenor of Miletus, vnvhoatha Infinite was the original prin -2" « things. Pythagoras was the next, 2Jtaotood before them as one of the most gJJrVJnMows of antiquity. Thia thinker WSjLMrth ?•?•* numbers were the principle of 2*gp, and things were but the shadows of Zy"*~***onght, the lecturer said, of the Poryanve character. Then note Zeno ■"■"•*>. the believer in one God, infinite and r?" Power, in good ne?i, and wisdom. After l*i!l!uVJ* w oUwn? "to **"? theories they he spoke of that wonderful lil?f™*es, whose sharp interrogations put an Z*d^,«ui««itbiiiulii«l Socrates *2k7L£ the ***? <* Athens—once when he gW*?WMasoldjar. and succeeded in doing ofit by a wit, one of to -,I*%^ z~ Mtwy there wu ft man wbo "«***?«oWd, rwitiT«W •yTwatch- V «ea*r to question, aad show the lij? knew nothing. Socrates him •d I^^ **~ Hair— ufcijaKctss expose their ignorance It bad been said that Socrates had brought clown philosophy from heaven to cartb, an<l this was achieved liy his leading nieu to look within and regard things instead of words. Plato, oue of his pupils, liad left behind, ia his inimitable dialogues, spi-ci men* of his mister's questions, and hid aduroud them with comments aud remarks of his own grand view* and ideas, which empha tically made the work one of the highest efforts of human thought. Plato, how ever, was not a student of nature. It was to the immortal Aristotle that they must look as nature* student—a man of such marvellous industry that he seemed to comprise within himself at least a huudred men—a man who had studied nearly every science and brought it to a state of perfection not previously known—a man from whom he, the lecturer, had gained not a little of the information of that which preceded his timp. His tieitise on animals proved his accuracy of observation, and his classification was really wonderful, considering the appliances at his command. He had left an enduring name, for the world Lay under tribute to him for a period of 2,000 years. Hastily ■.lludingtotheeldcr Pliny, Heparcus.and others, he came down to the great Bacon, who, he said, dashed to earth all the fallacies that had gone before hint. Since his time thousands had undertaken the study of nature and endea vored to expose his secret; and coming down to their own present pomtion, if they wanted to know the authorities upon physical science he would point to Sir John Herochcll, John Stuart Hill, and many others; or if they wanted to study astronomy ho could recom mend the works of Hynde, Herschcll, and Pro fessor Nicholl, whose thoughts upon this sublime subject reached the very throve of the Eternal. In geology, he would urge them to peruse the writings of bis own master. Sir Charles Lyell, whose opinions upon the origin of species had he hoped now turned to more reasonable ones than those laid down in his " Atiquity of Man." He could also commend the works of Sir R. Murchison, Hugh Miller, Dana,'and Cedric, from all of whom in this field of science they would gain information aud profit. When he ?w young men loitering about at the "'Old Curiosity Shop," and wasting their precious time upon such like productions, wli3e wealth inexhaustible lay at their feet unheeded, be was pained at heart; and he urged those present to turn from such trilling and learn to ceuteinplatc the works of God as displayed in His wonderful operations throughout nature. (Cheers.) After a humorous allusion to Darwin and Huxley, and a word or two upon the injurious tendency of their works, which instead of leading them to regard man as the liigbest creation on earth, placed him as- one of the furthest projec tions of God's wisdom and power, he pro ceeded to refer to Pythagoras's grand thought about numbers, and to show how it pervaded everything. If they took the elements of che micals, or looked at crystals, or dowers, or light, or heat, they would find this principle of num bers and geometric forms pervading each and all. In chemistry they could not make the ele ments combine as they wished; there most be so many grains. Then, with regard to crystals, there were so many numbers of sides; and if they investigated the vegetable kingdom, they would find the numbers 3, 5, 7, 10, with their multiples, abounding everywhere. It was so with flowers also ; and with respect to light and heat, they were so many vibrations of air and no more. Then, too, the laws of heaven were geometric laws; for if they read they would see that Newton and Galileo made all their grand discoveries by the aid of mathematics. No won der, then, that a great thinker should exclaim "Man carries in his brain the geometry of the world." Numbers governed principles. The reverend gentleman closed this part of his lec ture by a reference to the uniformity of law, and a quotation from Hooker on the point. He then proceeded to consider nature in its relation to man .-esthctically and religiously. After describing the respective functions of imagination and fancy, he coiubatted the argu ment that all beautj came to man by associa tion. If so, he said, nature must have been a cheerless blank to Adam until his associations had been formed; but not so wn it, for when the mind comes in contact with external nature emotions of beauty must arise. \\\li«, looking npon the earth, could say thai it was nut made for beauty ? Look at the mountains piled up and piercing the clouds, the vast table lands, the illimitable plains, the rolling prairies; look at the gentle undulation of hill and dale; look at its rich and glorious rob,; of vegetation, and ask were these not mule for beauty? Look, too, at the fretwork of the heavens, at the rain bow as it smiled from the face of the storm cloud— " My heart leaps up when I behold A rainbow in the sky. So was it when my life began, So is it now I au> a man. So be it when. I shall grow old, ' Or let me die." And did not the ocean speak in similar language when it rose in furious wrath to dash against the continents, or when again it was spread out in calm beneath the sky—the mirror of the Deity. Yes, nature was made to give man a sensttion of beanty, and man iras nude to receive it And now he had to touch npon his last point—Nature as a revelation to man, not as a revelation of God, to man bnt as a reve lation of man to luui?elf. Nature revealed to man his own littleness. He was the highest and fairest part of creation, and yet he was one of the most dependent creatures on the earth. There was not a clod beneath his feet which he could do without—there was not a plant which was growing but for his use. That very air which was the breath of life to him might waft the miasma which should cause his death ; the house he lived in might become his tomb; the water he drank might contain the subtle poison which should destroy his life. He stood. Nature's poor pensioner, shuddering in every breeze. And if he stood thus in relation to the earth what was his relation to the heavens ? The sun was 1,300.090 times as large as tho earth, and if man was but a speck here, what must he be in relation to the sun? Think again that the sun was but the younger brother of millions of suns throughout space—that the milky way were as nebula and "sand-banks" of worlds, lying so far away that light transmitted from them occupied 2,000,000 of years in reaching the earth, travel ling at tho rate of 12,000,000 of miles a minute. Look again at the discoveries which had been revealed by Lord Rosse's telescope, through which he had the honor of gazing with His Lordship when it was turned npon the heavens only for the second or third time. This tele scope had brought into view worlds from which light occupied 30,000,000 of years in travelling to the earth, and upon these worlds also fell the flooding star-beams of suns still farther away. Oh, it was when they came to look at this that man felt he was as a drop in the bucket, as the mere dust in the balance,, in comparison with God's vast creation. And yet, strange as theparadox might seem, that creation exposed his greatness. Andherebe would bring in that truthful sentiment -of Pascal, "Man is but a reed, the feeblest in nature, but he is a thinking reed." The power .of thought was the evidence of man's supremacy. It was the fact that he could contemplate those starry worlds, but they could not coutemplate him ; the fact that he could weigh their bodies with instruments of his im invention; the fact that he could climb from star to star, calculating their orbits and movements, which gave man his grand superority over them <aU. He was made only of the dost of the earth, but he had the thinlring principle in him ; and while he could turn to corruption and say " Thau art my mother," and to the worm and say "Thou art my brother and sister, 1" he could also turn to the sun, which gave them light and heat, and «*y I " The sun is but a globe of fire, A transient meteor in the sky; The eoul immortal as his sire Shall never die." But while nature revealed all this to man it was still an inadequate revelation to him. It told him of God, it told of himself; it told of all | the things he had tried to point out;: bnt what more? Could it tell him how a sinner might be raised; how the burden of his transgression might be taken away; how his impure heart might be purified; bow his de graded nature might be sanctified and raised to God ? Could it fill up the infinite void in the soul which existed between him and his Ever lasting Father? Oh, no. It was true that nature had many a panacea for man. It gave him water to qnench his thirst, aud the wind to cool his brow; but never yet had any one seen a message of pardou written round the stars. Oh, no. Nature was but the outer court of God's great temple. In that outer court there was an altar of sacrifice, but it was only when He who is God and man came to present himself on that altar as a sacrifice for human trans gression ; only when the heart of man, p«««ring through all that belonged to the outer court, pressed to the altar of sacrifice and lay it there on that altar which 'sanctified the gift; only then was it that he could find true peace; only then have the revelation complete when it met the spiritual one. Nature was that by which they rose to this, bnt nature failed them here and left man to the grace of i the everlasting Father. Might God teach them these things. The rev. gentleman con cluded amidst loud applause, which greeted him also at intervals during the delivery of his lecture. The Choir then sang " Gloria in Excelsis," after which, ' ' Mr. C. H. Goode proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer. He remarked that he thought Mr. Henderson might have defined man as a church and chapel building ?nit«al He re joiced that the erection, of that noble Church had been the means of inducing Jlr. Henderson to come over and open it, and he -hoped it would not be the last of his visits. He thought s federation of the colonies in this respect would do a great deal of good. He congratulated the colonists of Victoria with having induced such a nianas Mr. Henderson to come amongst them ami instruct their young men to preach forcibly the Gospel of Christ He wished him very much success in the insti tution over width he had.the honor to preside. The Hon. Taos. EkiSLKH seconded the motion, remarking that fir. Henderson had given them a treat, which he thought they would long remember. The motion was carrid by acclamation. The Bey. He HranUBSCMr thanked them, and remarked that he did not think, it within the ] t?ir.ds of possibility for him to promise to go lunch about. He was pleased for the Cipr_-ssiou j of sympathy towards the College over which be had the honor of presiding, lie urged them not • to build aOollcge, for it was a very t-vpeusive affair, but be promised tiiat if they wuiiM only scud their young men to Jl.llxiunw they would scud them back as good as they could make out of the material sen?, and charge as little for doing it as they charged their owu students. (Laughter and cheers.) lie should not forget the kindness of his friend in the chair in aslring him to come over, and he was sorry that he was compelled to bo back in Melbcurao by Sunday next His heart, however, was drawn towards them, for there was a spirit amongst them of the truest and best character. Wheu Mr._ Goode referred to another definition of mail, their good pastor whimpered to him that he hoped they might call him a money getting animal (Laughter.) He, too, trusted that soon that church would be freed from debt, and the whole of their resources spent-in the work of the Church. The proceedings were closed by the doxology and benediction. TEA AND PUBLIC MEETINGS. On Tuesday evening tea and public meetings were held in continuation of the opening ser vices. Tea was provided in AVhite's Rooms, when about 700 or 800 persons, belonging to neatly all the denominations in the city, sat down. After tea an adjournment was made, for the public meeting, to the church, which was well filled on the occasion. i The 229 th hymn. " Let us with a gladsome mind," having been song, prayer was offered by the Bey. Sir. Maughan. His Honor the Cmtp Justice, who occupied the chair, then said :—lt affords me groat gra tification to be privileged to preside over this meeting, and on this occasion, when we have to celebrate the accomplishment of a work long I prepared, and the termination of which has been looked forward to. An occasion like the present is one when we are, necessarily almost impelled to look back on the past and to look forward to the future. It is one of those resting places, so to speak—and yet not precisely a resting-place ; for in one sense there is no rest in our onward progress; but oue of those points in our Course when we arc impelled to look back on the way we have come and to anticipate the course which we have yet to traverse. Looking back, we see a body of Christians who are henceforth to meet for worship in this place We see them few in number, binding upon the then desert shores of this place, associating themselves together under their able acd euc-r -getio pastor, to whose memory this place has been erected. We see them growing with the growth, and increasing with the increase of the colony, gradually spreading themselves into the various portions into which population penetrated, and at the same time remaining a united congregation—the original body for the most part a united congregation around their original pastor. We see a building erected which, when we look at it how in comparison with what we have since done, we can hardly fancy could have been inspired those feeling* with which we know it was regarded. It was then thought almost too costly, too elaborate, too large for the wants and resources of the people. And we see them gradually going on, dropping one, and another, and another in then course, until the place which at first was thought beyond their requirements, and almost beyond their means, is found to be altogether inadequate; and, stimulated by a desire to erect to their departed pastor some worthy memorial, and stimulated also by a desire to dedicate to j the science of God, some more worthy building than that in which they had been accustomed to worship, they formed the purpose of building this place, which is now successfully carriC'l out, and the success of which we meet tliis evening to celebrate. It is impossible in looking . back over the past, not to call to mind uiauy of ! those whom they loved and valued—loved for their kindly virtue—valued for tl'eiei vices they had rendered to ttfe eanse of the Church, and to the cause of mankind; valued for their love to God acd their love to man, but who have dropped out of tha path—whom we, so to speak, have left behind, but whose loss we deplore, and whose memory we cherish. We deplore these, but both in the contempla tion of the present and in looking forward to the future, we soe their places filled by others, and we trust these will continue to i-e filed so long as God has work to be done ia this world, and in which mar: man can help as a fellow laborer. Acd though it may seem in one sense hard to say it, we must remember that the loss of those who have gone before is the price which we pay for the presenceof those by whom we arc surrounded, and to whom we listen. Death and lifearencccssarilyconnected. Oncgcncrationsuc ceeds another, and there is oidy room for the suc ceeding generation which comes when the former has passed away. It has been often said, and said truly, that bet for the circumstance of every generation being successively removed by death, there would not even be physical space on the surface of the earth for all those who would be bom into it It appears from this consideration that there is a natural necessity for death, and hence in respect to those to whom I have referred, our feelings of regret are softened by the thought that they are not dead, but that they have only gene before; that they have entered into One of those many mansions of heaV«n Vihich all the teeming millions of earth will never suffice to fill. The building of this edifice is a symbol of a union which unites the body of Christians which worships here; but it is a symbol also of the differences, the limits and definitions, so to speak, by *'kicb they are separated from other bodies of Christians. Justin (he same way as this material edifice brings us together in one body when we meet to worship here, just in that way do the professions of faith in which we concur serve as a support of the intellect—a symbol of the coinmra truths which we recognise, and of the particular form in which we hold them. This point of union is sheltered from the vague thoughts and aspira tions which otherwise would not form a suffi cient resting place, but just as this building, when we are inside outs us off from the external world, so these professions of faith iv which we agree are necessary for our union to mark the separation between ourselves and all other bodies of Christians. And it is well that we should recognise the importance and value of this. Just as bodies of men meeting for any purpose whatever .admit the necessity of a symbol which they should recognise as affording common-ground on which to meet and establish the foundation of a union which none can din pute," and which all are bound to recognise, so was it necessary for any body of Christians. While we adu>lt to the fullest extent that we cannot claim to possess the whole of the truth, or even to be absolutely right in those points in which we differ from «ther bodies of Christians, all creeds necessarily have only a relative value, and there is this character which we almost all bear in common—that those points in which we draw a line of distinction between the different bodies of Christians are precisely those points which every one agree to be of minor importance. Those truths which all Christians hold in common—the truths of the fatherhood of God, the brother hood of men; the necessity of repentance; the purchase of forgiveness of sins by the blood of Christ—these and kindred truths in which almost all bodies of Christians agree, are the central truths of Christianity, and they are those which we sometimes have a tendency to obscure by other circumstances; and in order to form a ground of union for others it is neces sary to draw specific attention to the points upon which we differ. We should therefore remember, while we are here claiming for our selves according to our light the right of dif fusing that light, while we arc erecting a building that God may be worshipped in the form j we believe to be according to truth, and while we are having a Gospel preached in accordance with what we believe to be the mind of the spirit, that there are hundreds of other bodies who, while differing somewhat from us, arc j vi ited to a common head ; children of the common Father, and all brethren in Christ (Hear, hear.) And besides this, we should re member that there is the blue sky and the free air above all, and that although some occupy a ! limited and isolated position, yet it is not pos- j sible for any one body to feel sure that they \ have comprised all iv the truths which they j profess. There may be something else to learn or to be done more than has been learned or done by any one of the bodies or by all of them. We heard a good deal last night of the beauty of light, and the benefit of air in motion. The light of truth, the motion of thought, are equally beneficial, equally necessary. They have their perils as all great natural forces or powers have their perils, but the progress of humanity, the diffusion of truth, the growth of Christian principle, the growth of Christian brotherhood, are indissolubly associated with free thought and with free search for the light of truth. (Loud cheers.) The Rev. C. W. Evan said he merely had to introduce his brethren who should speak that night He would take that opportunity of say ing that the completion of this building and its occupation for worship were to him the source of great satisfaction and thankfulness. He thought he mi/ht say that the idea of erecting a public building of this kind in connection with Mr. Stow's memory, originated with himself. For some time before Mr. Stow's death, the question of erect-ng a new sanctuary was occasionally mooted and discussed by the Freeman-street congregation. Mr. Stow him self expressed a hope that he might see it ac complished; and when the friends at North Adelaide erected their spacious, and perhaps he might aay their beautiful church —for it was beautiful {within—Mr. Stow exi.ressed a hope that that would move the friends of Freenian street to think of something better, and that he might be able to help in erecting a church which would cost £10,000. Mr. Stow was taken away, and the people realised more than ever they realised before, the amount of their obtigations to God for his long and varied labors for good. (Cheers.) It appeared to him that then was the time to arise and build a me morial church. There was a prevailing feeling at the time of Mr. Stow's death that some public memorial—somecostlynionument —should be raised to him in the city. With that many amongst us had no sympathy, believing that it would hardly accord with his life and labors as a minister of Christ, and they thought a more fitting memorial would be *> church such as he himself desired to be. erected, where the old congregation wight worship. On the <lay of Mr. Stow* funeral he expressed this view to one or two gentlemen, and was uicouraged by their sympathy to call together a few friends tv confer on the matter. At that meeting it was formally revived to attempt what had now Ik-cu acoouipliblK.il, He cm! I not say that he looked back on that meeting with unioinglc.l pleasure, as the pro ■nisod contributions had not conic in as they ought to have dime, and lliey hail bceu dr?wn intu liabilities far lk.-yond wliut they at first con t<-rai>l.atcd, for they had already spent upwards of £10,040, and the spire, which was to be tiie crowning glory of the Church, had yet to be douo, and would cost something like £2,000 more. They had received help from the friends of other churches, but not more tlian they li ul honed to receive. Their best friend out of Ihe colony had been the Rev. Thos. Itinuny. of London, who, nt great personal trouble, had collected and forwarded a noble sum. Fiom Tasmania they had one contribution of £109; from New South Wales one or two small dona tions, and a valuable contribution from the ladi?s of Pitt-street Chapel to the bazaar. ' From their rich sister Victoria they had received nothing till they received Mr. Henderson, on the prin ciple, he supposed, that Victoria to do anything ■ntistdo soiucthinggrcat (Laughter and cheers.) He wished Mr. Henderson a continuance of health and strength and the realization of his hopes of usefulness in the centre where he was laboring. They had recei veil help from others, but i thebulkof the work had devolved uj?on them,as, iud'.-cd, it doservod to do. The balance against ' tliom would have been considerably reduced | but for the great commercial depression which had existed in the colony. He expressed his admiration of the zeal and devotion of the ladies. They had worked hard with their fingers, their tongues—(laughter)--.and their pockets, by bazaars, and sales, and collections, and th.-v had worke.l with gratifying results. It might seem invidious to make distinctions where all were so devoted, but he could not forbear men tioning what had been done by one lady mem ber of the Church. It occurred to her that she could help tbe building fund by the manufac ture and sale of little :irticles of luxury—tomato sauce — andhc bad Vad the pleasure of handingto the Treasurer as the proceeds of that the noble sum of 50 soveieigus. (Loud applause.) He mentioned this in order that Mr. Henderson might carry the fact with him to Melbourne (Laughter.) He believed with a continuance of such devottou the Jtbt would not long be an encumbrance to them. As the building approached completion be'could not help asking whether it would do its prac ical work, liuskin had said two things were re quired of a building—first, that it would do its practical work; and second, that it Would do its practical work gracefully and well. As to the graceful character of that building he had not beard two opinions expressed, and he thought it would do its practical work welL The acoustic properties were exceedingly good—(hear, hear) —notwithstanding that he received, many prophetic warnings from his ministerial brethren that he was done as a preacher. He had also seen a news paper rejiort in a London paper, stating that the minister of the' old place would never fill the new church with bis voice. He spoke, how ever, now without difficulty, and When the building and himself came to. a mutual under standing he thought be should be able to send intelligible sounds to any part of it (Cheers.) He bad, however, never felt much anxiety on this point, and indeed he could truly say that he had as little ambition in this movement as in any movsment in which he had ever taken part He felt it was a work which needed to be done, and that if he had not physical strength suffi cient to continue the work, others would be found whom God would appoint to do the work. He looked on the erection of that sanctuary as s great thins accomplished fprthe fVurc, and he w.ts pursuaded tiiat God would by some means c.v ry on his work there. Some friends found fault with them for retaining the pulpit, but be considered it part of the furniture of such .a building as that, and whilst Mr. Henderson had a sense of confinement and restraint in a pulpit, he (Mr. Evan) lik?<l a pulpit, for it gave him a sense of security—(laughter)—aud liberty. He cxprcssod his deep thankfulness to his minis terial brethren of his own and other .denomina tions, who had kindly consented to take part in tlic opening services, or had favored them with their presence. A minister remarked to him tbe other day, that that ought to be called the Amen Corner, for there were so many places of worship near at hand; but let them hope that this local asso ciation of the cliurchca was only a type of what should exist, a prophecy of what should be—a drawing together of all those who loved the Lord Jesus Christ (Applause.) Mr. Trtos. Ghavjbs, the Treasurer, Was called upon to read a financial report He said the land cost £1,000, and the first contract for the erection of the church was £7,650. The second contract for tbe erection of that portion of the tower as it now stood was £525; the pewing, pulpit, platform, fur niture, and other fittings, would be in round numbers, say—£Loo9: the erection of sheds, outbuildings, and fcncii . would be about £275. The .architect's cdinmi-ion on £9,000 would be fIJ.HJ, of wUicl; he li.nl ;;ei;i roiisly pre sented £100 to the funds, (t'liv.-i-s.) There were sundries also amounting V> a'mut £100, luaking a total of £10,!>0U They had received in donations, cash, £G,025; promises out of the colony to receive about £100. They had a mortgage of £3.000 at 10 per cent, and the balwioe that they wanted, independent of the mortgage, was £1,775. Out of this they had £22 to their credit in the Bank, and the proceeds of all the opening services. This, however, was not the whole amount they had to spend, for he for one would not be satis fied till the spire was finished, and a dwarf w.vU and iron palisading put up vi front. (Applause.) Those things would cost about £2,000. Some persons thonghttheywerenot justified in going to so much expense in building a costly structure, but it Would he remembered that they placed in then assets the old place, which they valued at £l,.t>oo. They had, how evor, since determined to retain the old place iv their possession. Wishing, however, to make the old place yield something, they had leased the eld building to Mr. J. L. Young, for the purposes of his school on a lease for five years, at £150 per annum. This would pay about half of the mortgage interest, and in addition thoy had the use of the old. schoolrooms for the purposes of the Sabbath-school. Ec alluded to the care .and attention and trouble which the Committee, or about 10 or 12 of the Committee, had taken in the building of this Church, remarking that whilst economical they bad Bought to make that Church as. neat and durable as possible, and Worthy of the came it bore. (Applause.) The Choir then sing the chorus "Rejoice in the Lord." The Bey. J. Jefferis moved—"That this meeting would devoutly acknowledge the measure of divine blessing vouchsafed to the labors of the Church since its organization by the Bey. T. Q. Stow in the year 1837, and would earnestly pray that its occupation of this memorial sanctuary may be the means of en laiging itsusefulneiis.andadvAncingtheinterests of our common Christianity!" He remarked that the Rev. Ch: rles Manthorpe was to have moved this, but he was unable to attend, owing to domestic bereavement, and he had been called upon to take his place. He was glad of the opportunity on that interesting occasion of bearing bis public testimony, and offering bis public tribute to him whose memory was hallowed in all their hearts. He did not think that the members and congregation of that Church were more indebted to Mr. Stow than was the Church at North Adchuiie, whose representative he was. They told him that for 10 long years, in spite of misgivings and scarcely a single hope, Jlr. Stow labored to establish a Christian com munity of their faith and order in North Ade laide. They knew he was successful so far as the commencement of the enterprise was con cerned. Ho watched over its infancy with a jealous and a discerning care, and they told him in Sydney, which city ho visited shortly after Mr. Stow's death, that it Wj?s one of the cUiefcst consolations of his dying hctirs that he had been liennittcd by God to <lo that work. He there fore thought that Thomas Quinton Stow had two memorial churches in Adelaide. He had inteniled that night to offer a graceful tribute to Ids friend Mr. Evan, and tell him that that Church was the most beautiful in the city; but now he woul in't—(laughter)—because of that ungracious "perhaps" by which he had referred even to the beauty of tbe interior of the North Adelaide Church. He would simply give them the testimony of Alexander Hay about it, aud be was a man in whose judg ment and taste they would rely. Mr. Hay told him, after a visit to England, that he had seen all the uew Churches in London, but he found none equal in beauty to bis. (Cheers, and laughter.) l'crhaps, however, Mr. Evan referred only to the exterior, and there he would yield to him, but when their building was finished, and the topmost stone of the cupola laid, per haps opinions might ohange, even in respect to which was the most beautiful Chapel in the city. (Hear, hear.) There was one point of beauty about their church which the Stow Me morial Church had not, and that was that it was out of debt, or would be in a month. (Ap plause.) But he must revert to the motion. The mere fact of entering on that beautiful and spacious sanctuary was an indication of pro gress. Those of them who were associated with their departed brother or father, Mr. Stow, when he first came to the colony, might remem ber—as, however, he did not, but he had been told—how in a building almost of reeds and clay they first worshipped God. Then there came that sanctuary that they bad now left, which as he had just passed seemed, with all its lights extinct, to be bewailing the past At tbe time it was built it was considered a very beautiful sanctuary, but the tim? came when, on accouut of Mr. Stow's memory, and on account of the interests of the congregation, it became them to arise and build. They had now reared that costly and beautiful edifice, and if he had said any hard things about the Gothic style he was willing now to retract them, or very considerably modify them. (Cheers.) He opposed this style of building, however, fearing that the acoustic properties would not be good, for there were Gothic buildings in tbe city in which these pro perties were very deficient There wascertainlys good deal of appropriateness in the style of that interior for Christian worship. It leminded one a little of the nicduuval sort of worship, but he confessed tliat he liked his interior letter than that one—(laughter) -and Jlr. Henderson, who was an adherent of the Cuthic style, bad seen it. and }>crha)is would s.iy uU.it he thought of it. He h.tl stid that the cuterin;.; into that sanctuary was :m uvidcucc of progress, but it <v.is n-it l«v architectural beauty, nor by the gathering of imposing con gregations, nor even by the multiplication J of Church member.!, that the true index of a I church's prosperity was to !>e measured. Th-re was something deep r than all these. He believed that Church from tit? commencement had proclaimed to the city and province those principles of religious liberty which it behoved thiiu most firmly to maintain. cs|>eeially now, iv the presence of the revival «f the hierarchical |K>ner. (Heir, hear.) Spiritual lesults had been gathered in. Many had passed away into their rest who had borne with them iito heaven the fruits of the teaching and worship of earth. Progress had been made even until now, and at no single era of its history had it ever been more prosperous than at present It became them, especially those bclongiug to that church i and congregation, to acknowledge devoutly the j Divine blessing which had been vouchsafed to i the lalmrs of that church. It was now just 30 years since it was established—the lifetime of a generation—and during that period great pro gress had been made. The resolution also prayed that the occupation of the memorial sanctuary would lie blessed with enlarged use fulness. He trusted aud believed it would be so blessed. He ho|ted that worship, elevated by the highest and truest piety, would eon stantoutly be maintained there; but this could not be without seeking from on high the blessing of God. The spirit of the Lord alone could bless them, and to this they looked. But would the inte rests of their common Christianity be advanced by this new sanctuary ? There was a great deal of sectarianism amongst them. They cried out fur their isuis, and were perpetually seeking the enlargement of the points of their particular community, too often losing sight of their com mon Christianity. He trusted this would never be the case there, but th;>t with broad and com prehensive language the principles of tbo Bible would lie |>crj>ctu.aUy maintained, and that the te:icliing which their departed brother Mr. Stow so eloquently maintained during the whole of his life would be constantly expressed there. Might never a. word be uttered froui that pulpit which savored of dogmatism. Dogmatism, daughter of darkness, was grandchild of the devU.r.nd its influence needed to be put far more away from Christian congregations than was the cisc at present Rather let them be revereut anal humble seekers for the truth. He most heartily wished them immeasurable prosperity. The Rev. Jso. Gardner seconded the motion. He expressed his delight at the accomplishment of that great work, for there was in the erec tion of that church a very grateful remem brance of one rfho had passed away. He thought that church well adapted to subserve the ends for which it had been erected. The resolution referred to the past as j well as the future, ami he was sure that they j would agree with him that the congregation at Freeman-street had had in the past the light and the shades. They had Lad thcto trials and difficulties, as no one knew better than their departed friend. He held that the prosperity of a church did not consist in the fact that all rhe pews were taken, or that all the pews were occupied from Sabbath to Sabbath. There might be all this, and yet there might no truespiritu.il prosperity in a church. Now, look at the past history of Freeman street Church. The Gospel had been fully and faithfully preached by him who had now entered into his rest and reward; but there were occasions when perhaps some of the mem bers wer« zealous overmuch, and obtained little sympathy from the pastor or the deacons, and these parties went forth into some more congenial atmosphere. He looked upou it as oue of the surest symptoms of spiritual pros perity in a Church when some of its members were disposed to go out of it. He then pro ceeded to remark how by the going forth of members from Freeman-street, Congregational Churches were formed at High- street, Kensing ton, at Clayton Chapel, at Hinilmarsh square, at North Adelaide, au<l p.t Hunlinarsh ; and the llaptist Church, riinders-sfrrct, he said, w.mld have been nowhere but for Freeman street (Cheering.) .hiding a Church by the standard of the diffusiiiglight whicliitpossessed, he thought Freeman-street Church occupied the highest position of any Church in the bind. (Applause.) Some of the members from Frcc uiau-strcct came to Chalmers Church, but whe ther the Scotch accent was too much, or the theology too stem, or the descriptive too severe, or whether they sometimes got the honest truth there, plainly tcld, they did not remain long with him, and when they left he felt quite relieved. (Loud laughter.) He said aChurch was only in a right condition Wben sending forth members to fouud other Churches in destitute localities. They read that the apostolic Churches had rest—not the peace of J death ; not the rest of slothf ulness nor self satisfaction with their own deeds, but rest in the which they walked in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, and were multiplied: The motion, lie said, was hopeful, as it looked forward to the future. Ec trusted that in the highest and holiest sense many would go forth from that Cuur.-b into distant destitute localities, and there by their own agency at first begin Christ's work. He trusted, too, that Mr. Evan might have bodily strength and vigor given to Kin*. There . certainly was no I intellectual weakness about niui, biit he hoped I his want of physical strength would be over ruled for making liiin even more successful in the Master's work. Sir. Gardner then play fully alluded to the advantage of ministers being weakly rather than vigorous, for they got more sympathy than those who were in vigorous health, although these sometimes required it quite as nmen. He concluded by wishing that the richest.spiritual blessings might attend the Cl'uici' in tl'is new carictusry. (Applause.) A collection was 'hen made The Bey. A. M Henderson was then called upon to speak, and he was warmly received. He said he had already occupied a great deal of their time on previous occasions. He must, however, express his very great pleasure at being present at these delightful services. He had heard v.-ry much of tile praises of South Australia, and during his short s*ay in Adelaide he had discovered the fact that there were more costly sanctua ries in Adelaide than in any equal area that he remembered, He said he should avoid the battle of the styles of architecture. The church which was being built for him in Mel bourne would be of the later Italian style, and the interior Would be *cry much Hke a theatre. He saw not why the dcvii should be allowed to take architecture under his own protection. In a theatre actors' throats never got out of order, and why should God's ministers be Tendered hoarse because of tbe un suitable character of the buildings in which they had to preach? He intimated nis dislike for a pulpit, which gave him a feeling of restraint and pain. He would not enter into the ques tion of the relative beauty of that church and North Adelaide Chut' eh, but be would simply say that that ohnrtih was one of the most beau tiful in character upon which he had ever looked. (Cheers.) He expressed his gratifica tion at meeting their pastor, Mr. Evan. Tears ago he heard of him, when Mr. Binney in formed him that he was one of the most ta lented men and accomplished speakers that he had ever met He waa thankful, too, to the kind friend who was affording him the kind hospitality of his house, and be should go back to Melbourne with a deep feeUcg that there was a heart in tho people of South Australia, and that while they were quieter than the Vic torians, there was goodness in their quietness. He said he had been thrown upon the mercy of circumstances around him for making a speech, but his thoughts had been tending towards the subject which was treated of on Sunday after noon, aud which was also touched upon in Mr. Evan's address on Fiiday evening. A good many seemed to think that there was great danger to the Christian life from the con current streams of rationalism on the one hand and ritualism on the other. After alluding to superstition and infidelity as going hand in hand, he spoke of the rise of ritualism. The seeds of this development he said were sown long ago, aud what were these seeds ? Wherever the State supported a Cburoh, wherever the Church relied upon the arm of flesh for assist ance so long would they find the continuance of such a state cf things as was now England, and through England spreading into other communities. They all knew, too, how mu-h scepticism laid in the hearts of men. The heart was often in rebellion to C-O'l, and in England persons who to a large-extent were misin formed were continually writing when they thought they had found out something wrong in the OW Book -which they thought they were bound to reject Thus it was that superstition drove men into scepticism until at last they rushed from scepticism over to Borne itself in order to find some rest for their weary souls. But was there anything to dread in this move ment? Oh, no. As one who had to do with the education of young men, he of course bore testimony against this falsehood which was sought to be brought in, but he li 4 not fear it, for he had ascertained that whenever these things had their full development it had been side by side with adevelopment of another order. He then succinctly glanced xt the changes through which religious thought passed in the reigns of Hemy VIU., Edward VT., Mary, Elizabeth, James L, and Charles 1., showing how ritualism had successfully developed itself, and then retrograded, and how by the very out growth of ritualism, a mightier development showed itself in Puritanism- He showed what a glorious effect Puritanism had had in the foun dation of tbe American colonies and the spread of religion there. Then, again rationalism first appeared in England in 1624, Lord Herbert being the first English rationalist, and publish ing the first book. Hobbs, of Malmsburr, another rationalist, published the second infidel book in 1046. At this very time, however, John Eliot, the pastor of the Puritan colony, started upon his mission to the Indians of Virginia, and commenced those glorious mwsions which had reflected glory upon the Enrliah race. Rationalism had become a foll-bWn de velopment, bat what was then on tbe other aide? Why, they counted their misoonarr aodrHra by aeores, their miggonari<« by thou sands, their converts by hundreds of thousands. The continent of America, which at the time referred to was a small colony, was now a country which built many chorches, supported many ministers, carried on large educational establishments and was creating a literature which would vie in some res;-octs with the literature of England. Such, t'uen, were the results springing out of the suuc time. They need not, then, be afraid, but they could look with calmness «u>on Uie advaneuig of these force*, knowing that it was an advance towards destruction when the Christian liuart of Uic people rose to do its own true work. (Applause. ) There was another topic which had been nr.'ii tioocd that evening, namely, wh it constitute I the true prosperity of a Church. Lookic; forward, as he was, with fear and trembling, to entering upon a church far larger in proportion than that one, this question of the true prosperity of a Church touched his heart. As he had contemplated the congrega tions which had assembled in that building he had been impressed with the wondrous future in relation to one portion of their adherents—he meant the young. He was not old, but eves if he were, he should ever fed the deepest interest of his heart in the young ; and if he had one desire stronger than another it was to see the young won to the Lord Jesus Christ. He then proceeded to address Uw. yoong in solemn and affectionate term. He told them that that building had been reared, not for those who had contributed most towards it, bat for them. The generations were passing away, «nd hour sad it would be if the young whom he was addressing should pass away and leave behind them nothing superior to themselves. Their j advantages were far greater than those which their fathers possessed, but these advantages seemed to add a fascination to what was called pleasure—worldly pleasure. They might aay there was time enough yet, and that they did uot want old heads on young shoulders ; but he counselled them if they wanted young hearts and young heads when they became old they should put on the old heads now. Many | a man of 80 an<l 90 years of age had a , fresh and young spirit, whilst many a j youth became a wreck and was ruined, j He referred them to the bitter experiences of j such worldlings as Thomas Moore and Byron, as recorded in their own verses, and said verily every man who tried the pleasures of the world found how true were the words of Edmund Burke "What shadows we are, aed what shadows we pursue." There were no such lamentations or bitterness heard from the Christian, for looking back upon his life he saw it irradiated with the Divine smile, and looking forward he anticipated a life of infinite glory and joy at God's, right hand. Let them abandon their sin and yield themselves unto God, and then there would be no want of wor shippers in that and other sanctuaries, with this thought he was carried for ward to the time when thousands of thousands of people should be peopling this land, ennobling it with their deeds, and leading on souls to eternal felicity. With regard to the true prosperity of a Church, wealthy offerings would not give it, and crowded pews were not an evidence of it; but it was when multitudes of converts were found riling sround the ministers of Christ; when the salvation of Christ *ra« accepted by those to whom it was preacheu that the true prosperity of a Chnrch was attained. Hi then descanted upon that marvellous expression in the epUtle of James—"Save a soul from death-" He could not grasp either the horrors implied in the death or the happiness which was bound up in the ealvsiioi, bft this work of saving souls from death was the true work of the Church. He urged the parents and the1 young whom he was addressing to do that work which was nearest to them—to do it in their homes, and amongst their families and relatives. There "was a day coming to nil in that audience when the eye should be dim and the ear dosed, but in that day, next to the joy of being saved, would be the thought that they had won some other souL 'When this earthly scene was over, when all things here had passed away, and his body was laid in the tomb, he would rather have carved upon the rudest stone by the hand of, gratitude, the words "he eared a soul from death," than rest under the most costly mausoleum which had ever been reared. He should like to leave that as his last word | with theui They must go to live and act, and j lie should go to live ami act in another place. They might never meet again, but tkcjr vonld meet at God's bar. God help them so to live that that meeting might be one of gladness. The rev. gentleman, who was deeply affected during his earnest appeal, resumed his seat •mid applause. An anthem was here sung by the choir. The Rev. JiS. MauCilui Was then called upon, and said they had one sur>ple duty to discharge ere departing. They had had five excellent addresses—one on history, another on finance, a third on architecture, a fourth on spiritual prosperity, and a fifth on spiritual prosperity and ritualisni, end now they had to complete the work by a crowning act of grati tude. He had to move that a vote of thanks be given to the ladies especially. He was glad to know that they were indebted to no small extent to the ladies for the txection of that elegaut structure. They had, he understood, done much both with their fingers and their tongue?, (laughter.) He had also to move that the meeting's thanks be presented to the Chief Justice for presiding tin that occasion. He was certainly deserving of their warmest thanks, for he was ever ready to assbt a good causa He likewise had to move that then thanks be given to the choir, whose music had been all t&t; Gould have been desired. With thfise few reinark? he would r*ono*e that a vote of thanks be given to the ladies, the Chairman, and the choir, for the effective services so heartily rendered. Th« Rev. Wm. Habcus seconded the proporf tiou, which was carried by acclamation. The Chief Justice said he had a brief but pleasant duty to jierform in acknowledging the vote of thanks. He was sure that the ladies, tne choir, and himself fully appreciated the kindness with which they hra received and acknowledged such services as they hid ren dered. (Cheers.) The doxology having been sung and the bene diction pronounced, the proceedings of this highly interesting series of meetings dosed. The total proceeds of all the services were believed to be about £330. VIII.—THE ?ORTHE"RN TERRI TORY. A meeting of shareholders in the Northern Territory Company, Limited (South Aus tralian), was held on Wednesday last, wheC a report was read and adopted which we can scarcely p&as; over in silence. The report expresses a distinct Opimon thai, the mission of Captain CadeU will lead to no practical results, so far as regards the settlement of the territory. It affirms that advices were received " by the last mail" to the effect that the English Company were "unanimous in their determination to apply for a fetdm of the1 rrarchase-nddriey ;*' and it recom mends the Smith Australian certificate holders to make common cause with their co-shareholders at home, and to support them in such demand. The report being adopted by the meeting amounts, of course, to a virtual resolution of the shareholders present in favor of the policy t'uggested: . Wo need hot ssy much on this question, as our opinion ui> the whole subject has been often expressed, arid is pretty well known. As regards the fore gone conclusion in the report that Capt. Cadell'a mission must and will prove a failure, we would say—Wait till he re turns. As he is beyond the reach of these sinister prophecies they are not likely to influence him, and we should be sorry to decree beforehand that he roust and will fail. He may succeed in finding country suitable for a settlement, and it will then he the duty of the Government to survey and allot it. As to the state ment in the report that " the settlement of the! colony cannot under any dream etovces be successfully carried out by this colony," it will go for what it is worth. Under such unfavorable circumstances as have already attended our efforts, it might indeed be impossible to settle the district, but to say that under no circum stances whatever could this colony form a settlement, is to stultify every original land purchaser, who of course be lieved when making his that it was not only possible bat feasible to establish a settlement on the Northern coast. And under mare favorable circumstances than have yet accompanied the efforts of our Govern ment it may still be as possible as it was when the first land certificates were pur chased. We are not sure, however, that we clearly understand what is meant by the " settlement" of the territory being " carried oat by this colony." This colony never undertook, as a colony, or by the action of its Government, to " settle" the Northern Territory. It only undertook to survey and allot land. Whether settle ment should or should not follow would depend—not upon tfte sellers of the land, but upon the buyers of it. There is a vast extent of land Bold much nearer to Adelaide than Adam Bay U, but which, though Bold, is not " settJed." In other words it is purchased on •peculation, and "locked up"; though it wOl doobtfes? be Bettled bye and bye; only it will be through action taken by the purchaser* and not by the Government. And co with tbe Northern Territory. The Go vernment undertake to survey and seU— or sell and surrey—bat certainly not to " settle." In fad, we should be sorry t<> see the Northern Territory settled by the abstraction of population from this side of the continent. Let English specu lators send out a shipload or taro of their own emigrants, as the Sooth Australian Company sent theirs oat to this part of the coast in the early days of South Aus tralia. As a colony we have no responsi baity whatever in regard to " settling " the Northern Territory ; and it would be ! a breach of faith with the Parliament and the people if out Government attempted such an undertaking. But we admit they most survey and allot the land, and we , trust Captain CadeU's mission will even yet lead to this long-deferred, but most desirable result. Perhaps the gentlemen who were praeat st tbe neeting no Wednesday 1 are not aware that appli cations were lodged only * few months ago in oar "Colonial I*nd<Mnoe by New South Wales and Queensland stodcownem for rant in the Northern Territory. We are not sure Oat there is not stock within the limife of the Northern Territory now ; bat be this as H may, we know oa foodairtb. witythattbereare large flocks and herds closely conligooog; and ' menta, the Northern Territory wiD be alive with sheep and cattle before many years are over. Thai is what we want to ccc. We do not wish the Government to confess themselves beaten, and return the money like incompetent pMtotuMrs unable to (Jay their parts ; bat we wish to ace them triumphing over difficultiea, and accomplishins; in the face of the world what they undertook to perform. And this was the sentiment of the Parliament last session, when they refined to endorse the Ministerial proposal for confeasing themselves beaten and returning the money, and insisted upon beginning de ' hobo to accomplish what was originally intended, but which was frustrated by indolence and dinorganitttion. j There is another matter in the report of the Directors which we wish to point out. The report says that the London Company are unanimous in tl?**"* deter mination to apply for a return of the money. How n <hh known ? Tbe circular of the gentlemen convening the meeting arrived by the last mail, and we have already published it tit extento. Bat the meeting was not to be held till March 5, and" as the mafl was dispatched on the 26th of February, it is impossible for any one to know whether the resolutions em bodied in the circular were paased! or rejected. But what we want to direct public attention to is the pre cise claims of tins land certificate holders on the one hand, and the measure of Government liability on the other. That chum is not for a eetdemeat, but for a survey; and the obligation of the Government is not to found a colony, bat to lay oat acres and sections and allot them according to law. i Of course, in the event of the country being settled, the Government would have duties cast upon it; bat in the first instance the extent of public engagement is to survey and allot the land, leaving tile purchasers to introduce population or not as they might deem fit, and to people the country with Europeans or Asiatics, as might be deemed most expedient. NORTHERN TERRITORY OOJtPAWT (LIMITED). The fourth half-yeaily meeting was held at the registered office of the CompMJy in Oteafell-' street, on Wednesday morning. Tfce Hon. H. Ayera, Chairman of the Board of Directors, j presided. Tbe minutes of the preceding atect ing having been confirmed, the half-yeariy re port of Directors was read to the nimliia., and, after sonte .dinuumiuu sad aflWbt amendment, wssadopted. Tbe reportu as follow* :— "The Dueetors, i« oiwmng before the share holders at the froth Jafrywrly BieettK, held in compliance with the provaioo* of the deed of settlement, are ander the necessity of ranting that no drwjrem has beam aadw, oar any tram actions enterediiito, •haw the bat meeting. " The breaking of the establishment at Adam Bay, and subsequent appointment of Captain CadeD by the Government to proceed on a fresh expedition to the Northern Territory, are nets I familiar to the UurehoUea; but the Directors are of opinion that this final effort *t expkaa- , turn win lead to no pnotical resoiu, a far a tbe settlement of the country m concerned. "The Directors are iiiuiaul by bat mail from England titat the North Aatrafisn Com pany are unamalons in their determhaitimi to apply for a return of the pm chase- money of their bad orders; and as your Directors an also of opinion that the settlement of the country enmot, any cDvojnstaaces, be succesafnlly carried out by this colony, they recommend the shareholders to join with the North Australian Company, and tbe holders of j land orders resident in the province, m tcadag steps to induce the Government to refund aO moneys .received on account of the pnrchaae of j land, ' "The retiring Directors are Mean. H. Ayere, T. Elder, and T. Graves, who offer themselves for rejection," The Hon. W. YtxcxXX |iuyusul, and Mr. 8. Tokkisbos seconded, the re-election of Mean. Ayers, Elder, aad Graves aa Directors, wtach was carried unanimonsrr. It was prupused by Mr. R. B. SnTTH, and seconded by tbe Hon. W. Peacock—" That Hem. Tornkmam and Gtyde be icappomted Auditors." He motion was carried. A lengthened aad animated discussion took place alto the best eoune to be adopted to en sure a speedy repayment of tbemoaey Umated in land orders, in which many of the share holders took part; but no formal piuyaition wa put to the meeting, it being imaemtood that tte Directors, graded by the evident wishes of sbarencfldere, woald take aB needfal action in the matter. The meeting dosed with fas anal Coma, * DL—SPORTING NEWS. SOPTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB'S AUTUMN MEETING. PresUent-SrJ. H. Piaher. Coamnttoe of Manageme?t-Messrs. C. X Fisher, W. K. Simnn, G. Bennett, E. H. Bagot. eecretary and Trrasarer—Mr. E. M. Bagot. Stewards- Sir J. H. rater. Hoa. J. Morphett and J. Baker. Judge^-afc. 3. Chamber*. Starter- Mr. G. Betuwtt. WaVmODAT, AFaTLICL The Antanm Baces, under the ■naaanment of the South Australian Jockey Club, commenced on Wednesday, April 10, on the Thebarton Racecourse. The weather could not have been pleasanter or more favorable, if the Club had had it made to order. The day was bright, balmy, doudkas, end of course, after the late rains, without a speck of dost. The ground, tod, was in fine order, springy, withoat any approach to beggnest. Tbe young fcraai growing gave the coarse • fresh onerafuT appearance, forming a pleasing contrast to the adjoining fields, where the stubble con cealed tb« fresh vegetation just cropping from the sod. The attendance was astonishing, especially comgdmng the dulnese of tbe times; in fact, we bare not seen so many en tbe Thebarton Course for years. We were sorry to ace so many oU sportsmen absent, but the friends and patrons of racing were fairly represented. Among those present were the Hoa. 3. Morphett and J. Baker, Mean. W. K. Simma, E. M. Bagot (Secretary), the Hon. W. W. Tuaford, Messrs. Towamnd, M.P., BounseveU, M.P., Captain Hart, and a number of leading colonists. We noticed ??"«?1 gentlemen who have been regular oumpffatoia an appearance at tins meeting. It is to be hoped we •haUyet see their name, again in oar racmgUsta. There wa?agoodOyaprinkWof the fair aex on the groupd, the front «f the Grand Stand being pretty well occupied by ladies, while numbers were on the ground m carriages. Altogether, with the equestrians, veniolSr of aB patterns, booths, sad banners, then . m a g? aal fivcb/ saene. The Grand Stand wa nader «lin miaay meat of Mr. Setnrmer, whs onai mostem cientlyforhanumeroagaats. The int booth was also ooodnctod by Mr. Bemrmer, aad the others in the order CoUowmg :—Mm Boyle, Me Hepworth, Mr. Barnes, Mr. Stapletoa, aad Mrs. Byan. Schrader's Band wa in attendance mi the Stand, playing tnoy ana throughout tbe day. We were pleasdtoafaarre that the beats wen pushed on, imteadof tang allowed to dmg oat fceyoodall wiasalne time, as am ame fcrmerocauaona. Tansaaade the |iiiiuiillinas pass oil more pleamatiy, and prevaated afa&agof; nnm^^m^Ua>m^ first event wa the Maiden Hate, for which there wen sine entries, Kegaba aad Corah being the favericea. MayaVattractsd attention a a proiiiaim aad weu-araaortiaad «Dy. Taken Waist it wa ? wr/ cad SsU. aad at wM«cry aaafe to lack aay bsra esaeat with the advantage of very bag odds. The nee tuned oat a well esntatod ac, shsajhthe tims was alow. But the gnat event «f theday wa of eoara the Can, wham ha oflatecsaited svaooddedcf aaeratta* ha haahaat aawe by the bsttiag imn and ttm «f&* last few dan. It wa vaWm a anef to the pahbe to thiak that they wadd a* for another twin—tti he tortured vim honey poetry, with iv apwhtfsJ ihim>a, aaa haltmg feet, aad wreathe | mraisli?im amat have ooogratulatal tbeia>elves «a the raaataa that they -ii ir1 J - -11 - 11n n — -ni ii f mill iaha for suhUkx tve?eoMoth. However, U the verse> were tiffg, three was as on of gaggi ik-ss <ho tmu uian*. for tbry Blriiawl ia beautiful order. <'rta*der did MA ask co ?vll, « thought, as we have seen bint, and (boa-fa lit backers «mM or waaU ase nothing vr?u;. Uk w*«hu? wen; AacidtJ against him. alrtaisht looked IB spbadiil im and webs to improve every appraisal r dw makes. Cowra vas quite henV&, aad aaply wtaineJ her rqwUtwa by rwmag • t*> hn EMM, bald add, mTmiiiilci Iftuiiuaa, Tha Shorts tit*««t?mpae; Stag *•• enam. aad there wort then great rrpwinias af li« doings of the Kanmda towrites \aam? BeD. •ad Darkie. IMn was •Wibmat.ul Ckflden lawnd isai.nna and iarliaiJWrian U rely apa the field. It toned aat that ChOaer* aad Madam had to m da and heat far h wha the farmer was with ease. The Hacks loujwed, talwa fc ■MS raflH fCAMnIn, fIBCWIaK tti fIWSM €BB> abay w?* which war mailrj fnmds ana* their encte to be fiekal to aaaa nan Wai inn am the watch far thaa ■nrtiiHT However, withoat faith aad heae we «aU da aatha«aincag,aad " asbsdy am ta?" attar which ran aaa ■ahariaeaai oastatia a* win arsons t the ram ia aetoJ, aamnacmg with the aXATDEX PUR Of $t an., for boras thai ham mnt w*b except Hcrdka aaa Hacks. &tfaaoe; * aa, Oae aale. Hon. J. DabrthX CanaY? Brida, S fnt, eaVClbm.(Wayaan) - 1 Hoa. J. Marahett'a fcX ah riaha . SyHL, SaLlOlbc. (Mathewa) ... _ S Kr. J. HiOa'i ct Mayfly, X yra., C St. € lbs. (Tuastall) .... 3 Mr. O. Adoedta h.ai Aba, Syra., ?aL Bam. (B.limwa | Mr. L. Barnard* kg. Biuyiaari. < m&, «at. Mr. P. RCajlmvak.l Kacy, Sjn.,Cat. Cam. <Bewe.) Mr. J. HarvestbrX Kiaa, 3 jnv, 6aL Mam, (Calvin.) Mr. WalterCrafe'ske. Onatr. 2 yn.,« at. SaW (Craig.) Mr. W. Cenrd'sb.l Begalia,2yia.,e.t.« aa. <HBL) Corsair'a Bride ikiUiul 3 &■. aal Bapdnft 6BK.««crwe«ht. Atatarnac Mayfly taok tha leai, Naaey aad Bambm wcO TO. The> ? Wt «altai f iij. ■ 111| "j iTmbj.! ?■• t i 1111 tin aln aheacdmOaaaitk OonaVh Briie. At the «tn%kt i-JMOg Marfiy wcat akwi, aa* Ganairt Bria aam. Afasaaan aala a. «W \--pente ajart-the fanaer jat i ft; SbaifaHai MayCy third. TaaCt^Z aoclaiob; cop. Of SOO m, wit* a, ma af SO am. Tw? aulea. Bbc par eaat. of MM) tiia aa—tof aUkceto be deoactea for aqigaea, Omiii hone to an fan stake. MtE. M.Bacot'a (m. OWwn, 4ym,?aL 6lbm. (Sawaon) „. .. „ ... 1 Me. P. Fraaci.. b.a. Mid?«kt,4yn^ Srt. 60m. (Steraa) ... _. .„ ... t Mr.O. AaooclA bx. Craawc. Jyn., ««L 7lha. (Bttnm) _ _ Z After one falee atart the trie «ot off w«B together. Oraaaaer takiax the had, Mafta%fa« <n fan qaarter, andCowndatn thenac !■ Ud? order they paaed the Btnd the «nt flaw, bot at the next quarter of a aale the ftmjr tout her place m the Tan, aad fl« atthtl I ill, aodttaoon becuae enideothe t— anini fa the race. ~1 Ii ii i 1 iViii Til ti was kaiag eway atride. The two awjaja van - apparently ankmc a great face of tt; b^ at the straidit nnunnx it mm that Omi had the race eafdy emm&. aad ahe oaaa fa hard hdd, amid tremendoa ranriaj, MJda%ht •ecmk^aad CreKsderalao?tAi?te?cea. Cat, 3 mm. 49 eec The bettiae; at atartiag w^ level on Cowr? eainst the field, OfaOaora. Half-ttiOefaeatowithout ilimi■■> Stag wai dawn, fearing the foDowing hoaea to run:— Mr. J. flarvef'* c* ChtUcn, 4 yn., 9ot.Blba.(Barvcy, ion.) 1 "9 1 Hon. J. Baker'a bet Medora, 3 yra., ?«L2lha.(Wniiama) « 1 2 Mr. VT. H. Fonnby'a t«. Flake, 6 yra.. lOat. Hh.fTothfll) .„ 2 2 « Mr. W. G. Morris'a br« Daride, 4 yrt, 9«t.8n?.(5h«65) 3 0* Mr. J. A. Heaitta fa*. OartnKiii, « ja, 10 at. 1 Ib. (Tadcari. Mr. G. RteroA Km. Son, aged, 10 at. llh. (LaadcakeL Mr. J. Dmc*^ br.au VBlage Belle, ana, lOaLllkiat?TCaa). Fast Heat-Dsr*eUy after aUrtag the Wl •eeaedioaeattar aad at into a lag Oa, hat am they gathered together, aad the feat faar enaei? raat?aq>-asderafcat, Fbv* aaad, the lead, aal kept it all the wsy, wiaaiag by half a.lagth. Padde aal Bsb aaJe a girat nee for eaaal place, bat the latter wooftfcy 7ahead. OhHeaj BotThad atart. aad his rider ialiiiiadj ha lunedlmetHagth. b™gi?c bn. U-o mjmt teT*W IH-?*^-«. Medor, ChihW, only. A gad start, bst Chikan wwM right .wayfaatheaPy.aadww?bya.iiaalie?JW HACK RIBB, Of 15 aova. Kntnawif, 1 an*. For MM that ha?e aerer started far pabneaaney mmfft back atakes. One mOe aad a half. Heats. Weight, 8 at P«t eatau.ee. Winner to as cold immOaOdf tfo* ?he rase, and any Mrplai orerCMtogotoOeAnia. , Mr.J. Harrey". Minns - I \ Mr.J. Le^ra?*B?N? .- < * Mr. J. Scott's Com*. Mr. BawTs Bob. Mr. klo?ea'* Fireawsy. Mr. Baker's Little KelL "" Mr. OiDes's Sandboy. First Hest-The race lay between Mbwm aaA Suttpsoa, tiw former wincing, both held. Second Heat.—There was a good atart. Cibiii •on taking tbe bad, bat eaa cfaaJkaaal by Minna, when they kept together. Agood dal «f beHzar oa, 1« toTbanglaalaaMnm?. At the^atn«nt raming ahe abet ahead, aal was byl4hn«ths,Oim?tahad than, aad the aat in all sorts of places. That eaded Oc amrta of the day, and there was a general ■aoafer town. SeTXHTO DAT—THOTBBAT. AFBIL 1L The veatacr «n m jnritiaat a) n fat openmgof the meeting, cod, with a nfnah iag aijstmi fateae. The attendance «a very poor, not bang a foarth a aume rou. aTca tbe firat day. We aotkad. how ever, se*enl lading pstnas of the tarf aat pnaent at the rmonag far the Can, maat &ea; Bar J. H. Fieher. Far the Triak, Onjv bearer faemg absent, OoIBaxro«« m the tworite.MedWcoagagiftarlnmmftei Inn tion af boofc?mkeraT?oth leaked «nO wham stripped. Tormentor was fat ate tehn, bmt has a loom eat ahon* her that doe* a?t gm the idea of «??fim; mmm, Old Mac* lookethe worse far war, aafftS hUh time he retired npon hajfc?M*v^ good race, Engenie and AyuarrHwi hawngtheh baekexs. Crusader nd ha* baa ftoobj hacked for that eramt; baft tan aa am hn. uitaiuai. Ast ajtagrtthrr ianoat, that ha «• ootmtrmL In bet, the alt hal aw «aaaaj he was oat of order when fee ran for avOa* aad he got wnrse siaoe, aad naght nqpwaiaij hare been drawn. Howcrer, we may hips tw see him in better tack on aoase rntnre norssina, for be ha made good rossiag. Lottery hi a rakingcolt, botratherleggyaodragged. 006011 was the favorite at great odds, for it was a atat oncertain race. Appnitan m not withoat her backers, and it was not altogether a anrias when P. R'« colon were to the fore, aat the competing aportsaien were "coopered." The game little fitly came in aariast mmfcaaf cberra. The Handicap Steeplecaae was lakal forward to a* the most exciting affair of the, season, bnt those who speculated npon goo* jumping and aeaation scenes were disappointed. The juopiag, except that of the winner, wa bad, ana the spi?s faaradem. light*oot jproved an astonishing aam conntey horae, taking aB his. leaps beantxfnDy, and keeping np a good and regniarspeed tin the end. Al^a tatoaple. chase has not been ran on the AdehadsPlamafor many a long day. Hector wa anfwtajmte, makinc a half fall at Che water-jmmp. Oamrnc his rider and getting away, a* Oat sgaad «eal of time was loot. He leaped wefl aftawatds, however, and secured swoad puce, long after Ligfatfoot came m. Brunette, after many aris napi and baalks, coming in third. The rat nowhere. Cocktail having thrown has rider before the lint fence was imhrri For the Town Plate. Midn^t sad Mermaid makennot Ukmgtogo against her at aIL Tbe resnlt ptoredThowerar, that ahe eoald a«4 siT«dtogiveastonewe%htt?>BtagaadCaorie. We now give the caces in detail:— TDJU, Of ? awn.; entamce, % an.; aj ajftl aal a4utf; beats. MfcJ. Mdlen%?>h.Oul?mp(aa,4wm., ?otM lbs. (Owner) ~. I I Hon.J.Baker^l>vf.medoca,3yrs.,SsL 41>?.(/. Wffliam.) ... * « Mr. O. Adcocklib.m.Tli«ininrsr,3ypL, Bst 40a. («"?) -_v _.- * * ]<r.ThM.Byan*sc^Maek^scaL.Mst. aaswedaeeeaa^amaiia?waj^^g; m-. a—^JHanV-Jaa* was dsaam, aad the tarn 9m^ Mss ■■■■stnsnny, wA earily ; MeW second, HtHiii I tarta«asraar7feme,3mmutos. R. IMB. :^KSt&^r^J!^ i \- fc a MiiaWi b.* Lottery. 3yra.,Bst A f* start, Onsader taking the kad, «B*aai«siW Letter/and Eugenic? Apparition mi JhTarfisfulk.tid.ettgarphmibr^ngnn ma Mac Two-thirds of the way round Appan thaaaOai m and there was a general change •faliaaa. The game filly, however, kept her • Asia* sa\aad Bade • great race, coming in first, l?4ts>rsaooad.Onn*derthird. Time, 1354. HAVDfOAP BTSBFIBOHASZ Of M 0 son. About three miles, over 11 E£ Muffin's kg. Lightfoot, aged. 10 st SUs. (Ow«er)..r ™ Z 1 ate. & M. Bafoft b.g. Hector, aged, 9st lifts, (Taste) T. ... :. .., 2 Mr. W. H. asms* km. Brunette, aged, Sat IS lbs. (H. Samson) 3 \- Boa. J. Baker's b.g7Cockt*il, aged, lOst f lbs. (Webb)... ... „. „. ... 0 Mr. W. G. Morris's Kg. Happy Jack, aged, ?«tafta,?h«ggy\\.r^:. „. 7! o afe <X Adeoek's b.a Coronet, 4 yrs., 9 st (stobinson) 0 At Ow start Oocktsa turned rusty and threw Us rider before earning to tike first fence and got •sn^.saiwM ••**■* taonmtb* race. At the •ssacassassasnt of the vih-t the fences come ivrrsbiak, and are ssosUy post and tail with ka*sjara? acacia hedges. At the first of these Isaaa Lightfoot want over like a bird, Hector fcrTiisjlna. Coronet struck the fence with Ma ■Map and turned a perfect scnuneraautt. his ridarlortunately succeeding in throwinghim ■atfclsar. Then the whole field were in trouble «xcept lightfoot and Hector, but their mishaps ■ad antics were so various, so numerous, and so lifid that it wai Impossible to mark tad •sttostteU them. Brunette aad Happy Jack kept on baulking, while Lightfoot and Mr. Bagnfs hos—plicffsd along at a rattling hunt law pace till the water jump was reached, when lilittost cleared it withTbsaatiful flying leap. Hsetcrwas not so fertuata, for he struck «k* bank aad half fell, unseating his Jcekey and getting away. A great deal of time waabat catehmghim, but his rider took him mad. MetnwhileLigfatfootwenton without a check, aad came inbyhimself,Hector long ■liar him, and Brunette key after Urn. Thnfh it was not on the whole a bright afrssjTiiiiliiiH, Lightfoofs Jumping was worth t>k**j journey to witness. TOWBT PLATX. Of 100 sors.: Handicap; Two miles. aOdpJght and lbemsM were drawn, and the faOowing horses started?— >b ll ,' :v lf«n?'« «* OedricV'agedT 8 st (WMMMr) ... ... ... ... J Mfeltlt^ Bagofs g.m. Oowra, 4 yrs., 9 st a^^^srthVg. Cocktail,aged, r«t 71b.' A good start Booyoolee leading past the Onal Stand tht first time. The tot soon fmtawrt up, Oowra aad Stag showing to the Csra.tai the grey went ahead; Stag and Cedric a«shiag up, Booyoolee far behind. Two-thirds or the way round the Course Stag, who had team racing the grey bard, cellared her and took first place, causing immense excitement on the Musi Osdris third. A the straight running there was a deapearate struggle, but the winner «f the Cup could not contend against her stone orsr weight, and Stagkept die lead, Cedric saacod, Cowra third. This concluded the day's Thibd Dat—Friday, April 12. The weather still continued propitious, the •ay being cool but sunny, with a gentle breeze MSB the south. The attendance was* Still •BsaOer than on the previous day, but the ftsjtftlar sportsmen mustered pretty wefl. The Bsadiaa? occasioned considerable speculation as laky won necessarily very uncertain. The weight told against Mr. Bagot's filly again, ao that she did not get a place. Stag is •1 tnere for handicaps, laving good speed • fee is not weighted. He is a tall tattaf horse, long, with a great development «f quarter; loose, but with considerable pro luTng power. Lottery is somewhat in the saase style, leggy, and run to thighs, so as to £?• one somewhat the idea of a kangaroo. <Mrie looked uncommonly well, and Cowra aw* herself ss she went out of the paddock. .Aaparhfcndid not want backers, her weight pet 14 lbs.) being in her favor. MMniglit at • st Slbs. would not stand a fair chance in such • •aid, but she made a Rood race of it, pushing Stag for his life. Cednc coming well up in the ttfedplaoa. The Selling Stakes did not excite \- smash interest ft was won by Alice, who was a«U afterwards for £29. Old Mack secured third ?lace.ButthegreatraeeofthedaywastheForoed Baaffieap, for which 13 hones were entered, and 10 started. It necessarily took some time to handicap such a field, and the result showed Jhatthe weighting was Tery skflful, the three hading horses coming in with hardly half a laavth difference between them. Tfcs following are the races aa they oc- Qurreo.:—■ JOOKXT CHJB HABDICAP, Of lOOaovs. One mile and a half. Eight horses ifcJ^'.b^'lS-agea.Srt.Slbs. t Mr. P. Francis's Km. Midnight 4 yrs., 9 et SDm. (Stevens) T\\./ 2 Mis. J. Lamb's eg. Cedric, aged, 8 Bt 4 lbs. (Webber) 3 Mr. O. Adeock'a Kg. Lottery, 3 yrs., 7 st. Slhs. (Nunn). Mr. B. M. Bagofs g.m. Cowra, 4 yrs., 9st Slbs. (G. Simpson). t£- S"*8"1".3 y™-. 7 st V lbs. (Williams). Mr. P. B. Coglin's br.t Apparition, 3 yrs., Tat 41bsT(Hni). Mr. W. Xk Morris's br.g. Darlrie, 4 yrs., 7 st Slha. (Mathews). Oruaader and Booyoolee were drawn. Lot tery declared 1 IK overweight An indiffe- Nat; start was effected, Cedric going way with ttwlsad. Stag and Apparition well up, Darkie faOowing them closely. About half way round, Lottery. Midnight, and Cedric joined the van, Mt Lottery fell back again as the turn was ap aroached. Cowra made a path, but in vain. At the straight running Midnight was pressing ■Ha*, hard, making a desperate and doubtful taeecf it, the crowd calling Midnight and Stag rttamataly aa each seemed to make headway. The asare oould not quite do it, however, Stag yfauaing by tares fourths of a length, Cedric a asattal third. Time, 2.52. BtXUBTO STAKES. Of 30 soys. Entrance, 2 soys. One mile and a quarter. Winner to be sold after the race, aad surplus over entered price to go the fund. Mb O. Adoook's Km. Alice, 5 yrs., £25, Bat 5 lbs. (Nunn) ..::.. ... ... 1 Mr. W. H. Formby's Kg. Fluke, 6 yrs., CMLBst.Blbs.rTothiU) ..! 2 lfri£ l!M^w\\) o-g' "^^ mB 8t V'rS^&^c^r 1111 "'37"-' X capital start Alice took the lead. Fluke waiting upon her. Mack soon taking third place lathis order they came round till the straight naming, when Alice and Fluke made a sbuggle for it, both whipping, the mare winning by «sna«iuarten«f a length; Mack, third; Susar aaam, aowhere. Time, 2 mm. 25 sec Alice was then put up to auction, Mr. L. Barnard agshriaw. aad knocked down to Mr. J. Scott, FOfeCKD HANDICAP, Of Mao**., with a sweep of 5 soys. from all warms. ■ of SO soys. and over, and 3 soys. if a minaerof under 00 soys. (Hurdles and Hacks aasapted); losers at 5 soys. One mile six fur- Mr / Lamb's eg. Cedric, aged, Bst 4 lbs. (Webber) ..? ...... 1 Mr. W. Gsrard's Xt Begalia, Syra., 6at (Row*) 2 Me K. M. Bagot's g.m Cowra, 4 yrs., •at.4lbs.(o7simpson) ... 3 Maa. J. Baku's Xt Corsair's Bride, 2 yrs., Mr. J. Harvey's eg., Childers, 4 yrs., 7 st Mr. J. MollWa g.h. CoUingrove,|4 yrs., ■at 7 lbs. Mr. W. O. Morris's br.g. Darkie, 4 yrs., • at Ulha. Mr.-a Adoook^ Kc. Crusader, 3 yrs., 7 at 6 lbs. Ha?. J. Bake* Xt Cocktail, aged, 7 st Mr. W. H. Fonnby^ Kg. Fluke, 6 yrs., • at 6 lbs. Apparition, weighted at7st 9lbs., SUgat • at, aad Alice at? at, were withdrawn. Cor •aVs Bride declared 2} lbs., Darkie, 5 lbs., and Osti lan 8 lbs., overweight There waa a very good start—Cocktail going •tad. After the first quarter of a mDc the Is* ■ ssi ii to settle in their places. Half way madOtmsaderlad, waited on by Cedrio and BafaHa, the two greys bung abreast about the ■BtlOsof the lot Another two hundred yards •ad Oowra stretched out and challenged the lailin At the straight running there wasa ■ sssisil race for it the three together so •Issaijthatablaaket might have oovered the ULIU wsat at it, catgut and stod, aad came in —OscUsfirst,bya?KM,BegaliaaD«okin front af Owna. nk was decidedly the bast race of «sw aniHig Itwastoolatotogetupthe Bsataas, aad there was a general move to twa. Fooop Dat—Batukiult, Ann. 13. Has as^ssjsaato was very assail, aad the larts?Ssiaj at atowly, the pott entrances and Isisslha?alat ■inwurily ossapjiaga consider aMsasssaatoftUae. TheweS^was all that aaald ha tebad. The entries for the Beatens Van af • tar* lafsrJor order, alssoat crery horse of reputation as a racer having been a winaer of acme race during the meeting. Cnmderwasnot «tered,lpwWdyce account of hn being out of Midnight who was not successful this meeting, did no* put u> an appearance. It uto be feared that this wholesale' adoption of nan**"*!""* *bat na* been the fashion thu season, will tend more and more to deter first-class horses from contesting for some of the leading prises. Our best horses used to run for the Town Plate, and for the Beatena we were accustomed to see a magnificent field, but it looks as if the handicaping deters the owners of the best animals from risking defeat; but the experiences of Oowra and Mid. night this meeting, may have an effect on future races. For the Booth's Purse there was a field of eight. Cedric being the favorite. In fact, Minna was supposed to be the only one that could compel him to gallop. Finks, however, went well for a time, and Booyoolee, to the astonishment of every one, made a race of it, and was only beaten by a head. The Hurrysknrry was a gift to Minna. Several foot races concluded the sports of the day, and the spectators made for A^?'?Mt On the. whole the meeting was most successful, there having been some capital races, and on the first day a good attendance. Schroder's Band attended every day, and enlivened the intervals by playing a vaiiety of airs. It was made public dating Ihe evening of Saturday, that the Secretary, Mr. E. M. Bagot, had re signed the Secretaryship to the Club, it is stated on account of the opposition of some sportsmen to the Thebartoa Racecourse, and in order to give Mr. Coglin a fair field for show ing whether he can get up races on the old course. A more conciliatory spirit has been manifested towards each other by most of the advocates of each course, and possibly some ar rangement may be effected tor meeting the wishes) of the public. We now give the races of Saturday ai they occurred. i«>tbii BTAKSB For all hot sw beaten during the meeting. Handicap. One mQe. rTmtn Mr. W. H. Formby's b.g. Fluke, 6 yrs., 7st (Otaekne?) 1 1 Mr. O. Adcock's kg. Lottery, 3 yrs., 7«t 7 lbs. (Nunn) 2 2 Mr. Beard's Kg. Bob, aged, 6at 81b*. (Burns) 3 0 Mr. B. at Bagot's b.g. Hector, aged, 7st (Hill). Me G. Stevens'* Km. Rose, aged, 6 st 10tbs.(TunstaIl). First Heat—ln the absence of Mr. Bennett Mr. Gosling officiated. After two false starts the lot were got off, and Lottery went ahead, Hector second, and the others drawn out in single fib. After a few hundred yards had been run Fluke shot ahead, overhauled Hector and Lottery, and finally won by eight or ten lengths, Lottery second. Bob passing Hector and coming in third. Second Heat—Mr. Bennett started the field, and they got away well, taking much the same order as m the first heat, Lottery showing the way. Hector following, and Finks owning after, the rest somewhat scattered. Fluke, however, again went ahead, passed his leaders, and won by several lengths; Lottery second. BOOTHS' FUBSE. Of 30 soys. One mile and a bait Handicap. Entrance, 2 ion. Mr. X Lamb's <Lg. Cedric, aged, 9 st (Web ber) ._ ... 1 Mr. L. Barnard's Kg. Booyoolee, 4 yrs., 6 st 10 lbs. (Hill) 2 Mr. J. Harvey's eh.m. Minna, aged, Bst 2fta.(Havford) 3 Mr. J. Sootfi Km. Alice, 5 yrs., 7 st 9 lbs. (Nunn). Mr. O. Adcock's Kg. Tormentor, 3 yrs, 7 st. !lbs.(TunstaH). Mr. J. Davey>s blkm. Village Belle, aged, 7 st 4 lbs. (H. Bowe). Mr. W. G. Morris's b.g. Happy Jack, aged, 7 st (Mathews). Mr. H. Formby's Kg. Fluke, 6 yrs., 7st 2lbs.(Cracknell). Booyoolee declared 4 lbs. overweight; Happy Jack 10$ lbs. overweight There was a beautiful start, the lot getting away closely together. Cedric went to the front, challenged by Minna, the rest well up. Half way round one or two tailed off, and Fluke polled the leaders in a style that gave hopes of Ids winning. To the surprise, however, of the knowing ones Booyoolee challenged the two chesnuts and made a great race of it, proving too much for Mr. Harvey's mare, and allowing Cedric to win by only a head; Minna about a length behind Booyoolee. HURBYBKCBRY. Three-quarters of a mile. Catch weights. £6. Entrance, 6s. Mr. Morris's Nanny Goat. Mr. J. Lamb's Sampson. Mr. J.Scott's Count Mr. Bora's Bones. Mr. Harvey's Minna. Mr. Bawden's Bobby. Mr. Minnahan's Lady Clare. Mr. O. Adoook's Coronet A good start was effected, Minna going to the fore, the rest «in«ngin E places till Count and Coronet «4mliAwg««i the game little chesnut It was no go, however, Minna, won without great effort. Count second, Coronet third. This aided the horse-racing, and several foot-races brought the amusements to a close. SETTLING NIGHT. The settling for the Thebarton Races came off on Tuesday evening at the Globe Inn. There was a large attendance, the long room being crowded. Sir James Fisher, President of the Club, presided, and there were present, the Hon. Jno. Baker, Me E. M. Bagot (Secretary), Mr. John Chambers, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Coglin, M.P., Mr. John Harvey, J.P., Mr. L. Barnard, Mr. W. K. Simms, Mr. Chapman, and a great number of leading sportsmen. The stakes were handed over as under: — Maidens —The Hon. J. Baker's Corsair's Bride, £50. Adelaide Cup—Mr. E. M. Bagot's Cowra, £653. Second Horse—Mr. P. Francis's Mid night, £50. Shorts—Mr. J. Harvey's Childers, £30. Hacks—Mr. J. Harvey's Minna, £15. Trials—Mr. J. Mullins's Collingrove, £50. Leger—Mr. Coglin's Apparition, £212. Steeplechase—Mr. MuMns's Lightfoot, £136. Town Plate—Mr. Scott's Stag, £170. Jockey Club Handicap—Mr. Scoft's Stag, £200. Selling Stakes—Mr. O. Adeoek's Alice, £25. Forced Handicap—Mr. J. Lamb's Cedric, £91. Beaten Stakes—Mr. W. H. Formby's Fluke, £20. Booths' Purse—Mr. J. Lamb's Cedric, £20. HurrT?kurry—Mr. J. Harvey's Minna, £6. Total £1,733. After the distribution of the stakes a variety of toasts were given and responded to. Sir. J. H. Fisher, the President of the Club, announced his intention of at once retiring from that posi tion, and Mr. E. M. Bagot, the Secretary, also stated his determination of retiring from the Secretaryship, at both of which much regret was expressed by all present 