HAYMARKET THEATRE. MR. JAMES ANDERSON IN "HAMLET." Mr. James Anderson made his first appearance before an Australian audience on Saturday night, at the Haymarket Theatre. He has judged something unwisely in selecting the character of Hamlet as his opening part, inasmuch as it is not among those in which his most considerable success has been achieved, and as it is very obvious that, with the best intentions, it would be difficult, if not impossible, for him to convey a really Shakspearian idea of it, owing to the absence of such personal qualifications as the Shakspearian student invariably associates with it. But as Shakspearian students constitute but a small proportion of most average audiences, any actor of reputation who conforms with reasonable care to certain traditional observances is tolerably sure of a favourable reception. It is only just to Mr. Anderson to say that he conforms to traditional observances with very great care that he makes his " points" with even scrupulous attention to conventional requirements and that his make-up is unmarked by any of those modern heresies of costume to which many thinking persons have lately accorded an alarming preference; hence he does not at all come into collision with the opinions of the majority of his audience, who no doubt prefer to see in Hamlet a gentleman in black garments of a (/HiMi'-incdiieval pattern, with a generally elongated expression of countenance, a habit of showing a good deal of the whites of his eyes, and a tone of voice in the main lugubrious, but with fitful manifestations of exceeding loud ness. This is, undoubtedly, the Hamlet of the pit and gallery, and for a long time it was very much the Hamlet of the dress-circle too. But of late it has with this part of the audience been rather tolerated than enjoyed, and is now very properly looked upon as among those false embodiments of stage creations whose epoch is passing away. It is not to expected, however, that those actors whose first estimate of this character was influenced by the usage of those who preceded them, and who during many years may have continually represented the part in obedience to these impressions, should abandon a habit that has almost grown to board instinct with them. It is needless to say that, as a rule, actors are the least disposed of any people in the world to take advice, for almost every one of them believed himself to be with out fault, so that to endeavour to persuade any actor of the traditional school to reconsider his method of representing Hamlet, so as to bring it into conformity with a perfectly rational model, would be a very fruitless task It is hence necessary to judge such actors by a somewhat arbitrary standard, and it is according to this method of estimation that Mr Anderson is to be considered His Hamlet is as far as possible from the ideal Hamlet which every genuine student of Shakspeare pictures to himself, but it is a tolerably good example of that artificial, though certainly unnatural, Hamlet to which your a\ Geroge play good is most accustomed, and which, probably, he be he es in the main to be as near on approach to the true embodiment as the art of acting can bring about, for besides complying with those general conditions already enumerated, Mr Anderson crycarefulinthecmployment of a certain sort of measured, and not entirely inappropriate,emphasis, moreover his action, if neither completely graceful nor eminently dignified, is apparently quite under his control, and regulated by obviously prescribed rules of precision, and he is not unmindful of the relation his own part bears to the whole performance But when you have conceded all this, and even more, in the way of approval, you are obliged to confess the entire absence of that power of impressing the spectator for which no amount of technical correctness can compensate It is not that the performance is dull or inani- mate, on the contrary there is at times about it quite an air of bustling activity, which possibly to some observers looks almost like earnestness and indeed so far as an apparent determination to fulfil arbitrary conditions of excellence is concerned, Mr. Anderson's hamlet is deserving of no inconsiderable commendation , but beyond this, it is difficult to discover in what respect it embodies the true poetic idea of the elia i acted The Hamlet of Shakspeare is dreamy, philosophic, fitful, uncertain of purpose, passionate and yet moody, impulsive and jet melancholy. The Hamlet of Mr Anderson is a robust individual of naturally jocund proclivities, whose assumed air of restful- ness is coined to an almost ludicrous excess, and produces in the mind of the thinking spectator on effect the reverse of what is intended He certainly represents a piece of most woeful countenance, but it is that sort of usefulness which closely verges upon the comic, and the circumstance of his speaking in aid of rhythmical certain o, with periodic breaks in a considerably higher key, does not help to lessen this effect The general conclusion at which you arrive is, that there is a very much effort, and remarkable painstaking, but that these do not bring about a result such as even an ordinarily careful study of the character, unembarrassed by traditional limitations, must suggest Hence you are now made to feel the wonderful influence the character is really capable of exercising, you are never carried away by any magical impresses one of particular episodes of passages the lost of the character does not strike you , it of others no sympathy) , you do not yearn towards it with sorrowful tends ness, you only feel that a good deal of success of a certain kind may be accomplished by the observance of rules and methods, and some carefully balanced elocu- tion. It is not to be denied that such a likes and methods in some hands have effected a far higher results than Mr. Anderson appears capable of teaching in such parts as Hair let, but as it is tolerably well understood that Mr Anderson is to be seen at his best in characters of an entirely different kind from that of Hamlet, it is only fair to assume that when thocucumstancesoic more favourable for the exercise of the resources of his and he will use them to greater advantage And probably the reason why he has chosen to appear first in Hamlet is that he might whet the appetites of his patrons, and cause them to relish all the more those picturesque, if less abstractedly poetic, impersonations in which he is believed to excel that there is no intention on the part of the management of fro qiiontlyrcpcatingthopiesontpciformancomay be concluded from the entire absence of any special preparation in the way of scenic em- bellishments, for these are almost as bare as it is possible for them to be, the most conspicuous exceptions to the rule of strict economy being two large gas mains day on boats that have been placed, regardless of expense, upon the doors leading into the Queen's closet, and a tunis parency in execrable taste, showing the ghost in a towel of the castle at the moment when that supernatural visitor urges Hamlet's friends to " swear on his son ord " The subordinate characters in the tragedy were supported on Saturday night with very unequal merit As the Queen, Mrs Heir played very much beyond the level she has lately maintained The ghost of Mr non was at least respectable and the Polonius of Mr. Coppin was in all respects oKcollent. Miss St Denis ap peared for the first time as Ophelia, but failed to convey anything like an adequate impul- sion of this gentle, womanly creation In the mad scones her voice appeared to be quite beyond her control, and she sang distress- ingly out of tune Miss St Denis will do well to remember that Ophelia is a creature strongly loving and greatly lovable, but devoid of impulse, and that any manifestation suggestive of this quality is quite out of con gruity with the character. Of Mr." Carter's King the best that can be said is, that "nothing in his life became him like the leaving it, for when Hamlet rushed at him to give him his quietus, instead of ignominiously standing to be run through the body, as some kings in " Hamlet" are wont to do, he seized a weapon and died game, as a king ought. It is only right to say, however, that he is to be fully acquitted of having done anything else worthy of commendation. Mr. Appleton, from whom better might have been expected, made nothing of Laertes ; Mr. Chandler was a most inefficient Horatio ; Mr. Gill made less of the Gravedigger than he might; Mr. Hoskins was, as usual, an admirable Osric and the Player King and Queen were given in the highest style of ineptitude by Mr. Searle and Mrs. Woolridge, the latter of whom was consistently habited, as to her first dress, in a costume which might, for any correspondence it bore to the period of the play, have been the one she had worn all day in her ordinary coming and going through the town. yfâ The house was crammed, and Mr. Ander- son was several times called before the curtain. At the termination of the tragedy he thanked the audience for the cordial reception they had given him, and assured them that when the recollection of that night faded from his memory his heart would be cold in death. A 