THE MODEL TARIFF OF THE INDUS TRIAL LEAGUE. The Industrial League in the excess of its benevolence has presented, or rather be queathed, to the colony a model tariff, which in the fervour of its simplicity it believes would be far superior to the one now In fore x A melancholy interest attaches to th3 document, if the report be true that it ia to be regarded as the last dying words of it3 misunderstood and misappreciated authors. A clergyman might regard these bristling columns of figures as no hopeful si^ of a death-bed revelation; but know ing what the League was in its life time we are not at. all surprised at its preference for an eccentric mode of giving up the ghost We do not mean to insinuate an - thing against the nocturnal orthodoxy of the gentlemen who used tc crow so lustily at the Hotel Europe ; but it is a sfrange coincidence that night- rapping was first heard of in the city immediately after the publication of the model tariff. If the League really desire to appeal from Ade laide awake to Adelaide asleep, we hope that the police will not offer any unreasonable opposition. After its tragedy of Jack Cade, it ought to be allowed its little burlesque of L-v Sonnambula. Here, however, is the dying will and testament of our dear garrulous old friend. As it is not likely to be entered in Doctors' Commons, we have done our best to preserve it for posterity by publishing it in extenso ; and should any of our readers have over looked it they may retrieve their loss by referring to the Register of the 22nd ultimo. We, .propose now, before it drops entirely out of the public memory, to consider what the consequences might have been in the very unlikely event of its acceptance by the Legislature. Place the bristling coUimns of figures and asterisks alongside the mean looking apology for a tariff we at present possess, and let each of us answer to his own conscience as a man and a citizen which would be more beneficial to the colony. But first, what are the distinctive merits of a tariff? The Customs officers and the importers unite in answering — simplicity. The political economists exclaim in choru3 — equitable assessment of the taxation which tariff duties represent. The ultimate consumers, or, in other words, -the taxpayers, emphatically add— that it cost us as little as possible both in assessment and collection. Sim plicity, equality, and economy are the three tests of a fiscal system. Then is the model tariff simpler than the one in force ! Very much so. It3 classification of duty-paying articles is limited to one hun dred and forty, while the present tariff con tains the excessive number of eighteen. The classification of duties is equally simplified. At present we are doomed to the inextricable confusion of a free-list, a single ad valorem duty, and a short list of fixed duties. The model tariff would give us instead, a free- list of totally different coirpoaition, a treble set of ad valorem duties — 5, 10, and 25 per cent. — an array of fixed duties four times as long as the one now in force, and for a climax, oi rather for the beginning of the end, a 'Sliding Scale.' Tointensify.ifthatwerepos sible, the remarkable simplicity and lucidity of this arrangement, an editorial note informs the prospective Collector of Customs that 'sliding'-denotes an immsdiate duty of 10 per cent ; after twelve months, of 15 per cent ; after eighteen months and subse quently, 20 per cent What a delightful catechism for tide-waiters and shipping agents ! Did the League intend, if its tariff had been adopted, to open a seminary for initiating these benighted mortals into its mysteries ? And who would have drawn up the, regulations for defining the hundred and forty different classes of duty-paying imports ? Mr. Secretary Crawley, with the assistance of a toothpick and a microscope, might have made a very good three years' job of it We would gladly linger in fond admira tion over these proofs of practical simplicity, but the Political Economists are impatient for an answer to their question about the equitable operation of the tariff. Here the Committee of the League have begun by inspiring confidence in their ability to take care of themselves. All the industries with which they are professionally connected have had the fullest justice done to them by being brought under the benefit of the 'slidingscale.' Native slopsand shirts, boots and shoes, printing paper, account-books, tents and tarpaulins have a prominent place on the Jacob's ladder of 10, 15, and 20 per cent duties, which is to ;raise us to a Protective Paradise. In the one item of printing paper the Committee have shown as much genius as would fit out a score of ordinary Treasurers By applying the ' sliding scale' to it they at once display a grateful regard for Mr. Mullett's intended paper-mill and a becoming sense of the disadvantage to society of a free Press. Here is a colony saturated with Free Trade heresies ; the League issues its fiat that all newspaper proprietors must buy their paper from Mr. Mullett at any price he may fini it convenient to charge, and straight way the hereaiea vanish. In order that there may be no mistake as to its design, the League further decrees that a bonus be given to Mr. MiiUett for his home-made paper. Thus, the consumer would have first to pay for bringing a dearer article into the market, and then he would have to go on paying indefinitely in order to keep it there. The Press has indeed much to be thankful for to the League. If our modest efforts to assist it have been thus generously requited, what ought to be the reward of an enthusiastic supporter like Mr. E. M. Martin? The 'sliding scale' would be much too mild for him, even with a bonus added for native razors and tenpenny nails. We refer to the item general ironmongery with a tremulous apprehension of finding opposite to it the fatal word 'prohibited.' But behold, what do we find? That general ironmongery is to continue to be admitted at 5 per cent, ad valorem. Is Mr. E. M. Martin & Protec tionist in disguise ?. Has he been tampering with Mr. Crawley, or did the Committee hope by an overpowering display of mag nanimity to convert him from the error of his ways ? We hasten to the taxpayer's view of the model tariff as at once the most important and the most liable to misconception. That a protective system is cumbrous in operation and inequitable in its effects has by repeated proof been made an axiom of fiscal science. But the teaching of experience is not so generally accepted with regard to the incom patibility of protection with sound public finance. Protection is prejudicial both to the taxpayers, who contribute the revenue, and to the Government, which is responsible for its outlay. Had it been specially devised for the purpose it could not more effectually combine the maximum of taxation with the minimum of revenue. Our model tariff adds another illustration of this truth to that which Victoria has bo unsuccessfully reduced to practice. On the goods that pass through the Custom-House it would entail a large increase of taxation, as may be judged from the following tables. Even if the expecta tions of the League were fulfilled, and the greater part of our import trade transferred to native manufacturers, the increased duties would still have to be paid, as the native manufacturer's price would be kept up to the level that excludes imports. The League may deny this, and talk about competition in the home market being as enective as ioreign competition; duc sucn an argument, if fairly applied, cuts the ground from under the feet of protection. When the native manufacturers ask for a specific advantage over foreigners they must surely mean to use it, or why should they ask for it? Were the colony to commit itself to a protective tariff the protective duties would have to be paid, whether the import trade suffered or not. In the event of its con tinuing as before, the Government would reap the additional duties. In the event of its being transformed into a home trade, the duties would go to the home manufacturers, who should succeed the importers. With all due respect to the gospel of native industry, we consider that its claims on the Custom-House rank second to those of the revenue. No Treasurer would be justified in offering a tariff to the country without being able to estimate the annual yield of every item in it, its cost to the tax payers, and its reliability. But the Indus trial League has given us no such com mentary with its model tariff. It is possible, however, to supply the omission, and, for the sake of ancient friendship, we have made an attempt to do so. As a rule, the deviations from the present tariff are traced out, and their consequences reduced to a money value. We begin with the pro posed Freo list, the principal articles in which are : — Vavw Ttbt Value Present jfBiausT. 185 Duty Muslins cotton*, tweed*, woollens, £ £ &c;, Ray one-third of 'Drapery1' iu Customs returns (£730,0X0) ... 243 000 12.350 Tea ? 82,2t5l 13.350 Susar ? 116,000 ]2,7H Coflee, chicory, 4c ... ... 24,UuO 2,500 Timber in lega over8inchea square, say one-third (£130,000) ? 43.000 1,500 Galvanized iron, lead, &c; ? 12,5uO -2S Molasses ? i,-24 167 £43,202 Add 10 per cent for minor articles ? 4,320 £47.522 We have therefore to credit the League with a philanthropic desire to relieve us of nearly fifty thousand pounds of the most reliable, and, with one exception, the most equitable taxes in our existing tariff. That is the negative side of their scheme. The iirst object on the positive side which shapts itself into intelligibility out of this seven leagued mass of confusion is the 10 per cent, ad valorem list. The leading articles assigned to it are — Teh per Cent. Duties. Value Present Pro- ? . 18«55. duty, posed. Gloves, jtoloshes, hats, £ £ £ ribbons, silk 'i*ood?, arti ficial flowers, mats, rugs, &c;, ? 50.000 2.500 F.M0 A cricultural implements.. 40,000 2,000 4,00 1 Oianen's stores, say two thirds (£47.500) ? 31,700 1,585 ai70 Dnifis ? 25,520 1.270 2,552 Fanuj goods, toys, musical instruments, «c ... 25.000 1.250 2.500 Jewellery, &c; ? 21.92U 1,096 2.1!i8 Carts, carriages. 4c ... 6,500 325 Hot) VVatdus and docks ... 5,300 205 SX) 205.940 10,297 20,594 Add 10 per cent for minor articles ? 20.591 1,029 2,059 £226.534 £11.326 £22,653 On the 10 per cent, list there would be an increased taxation to the extent of fully eleven thousand pounds. The next division is the Fixed List, which has beea chiefly formed by increasing some of the existing fixed duties twofold, three fold, and in some cases fivefold. Fixed DMi£saS65). p™£* *% Ale and porter ? ... £10,414 jfcflMiffl Cigars and sniff ... ? 5,291 fi.600 Dried fruit ? 3.7M8 7,598 Wine in wood.. ? 3,573 10,719 Do., bottle ... . ? vao 2.420 B.icou. butter, cheese, Ac. ? 915 E.OWJ Suit ? ? 702 2,300 Oils-Olive, castor. &c; ? 653 3,282 De., illuminating ? 5tQ 2,183 £27.119 £60.818 Here we have fully thirty-three thousand pounds of extra taxation which, added to the eleven: thousand of . the 10 per cantliBt, would nearly counterbalance the relief offered by the new Free list The exact balance may be shown by recapitula ting the respective totals of the three lists : — „ ... Preient, Propoied. Frtehst... v ? £47.S22 - 10 per cent, duties ? 11,326 £22,653 Fixed duties ... ? 27.119 60.818 n . ^ . ,£85,9G7 £f3,471 Decrease under the proposed Uriff ... £2,496. Up to thi3 point, therefore, the aggregate yield of the proposed duties would be much the same as we are now receiving on the same class of goods, The o*ly further test to be.applied to that port of iha question is to ask whether an arbitrary list of exemp, tions, combined with an eqmlly arbitrary list of high duties, is as reuaMe for raising revenue as a moderate uniform duy. Tho League say we should let the pressure of taxation fall exclusively on the back, while under our present system it is equally divided between the back and tie stomach. This problem in scholastic economics may safely be left for another occasion. Mean while we must hasten on to tie last and most essential feature of the Model Tariff— the Sliding Scale. It is the key of the Pro. tectioiyst fortress, and by its results they must submit to be judged. The increase of taxation it would involve en the articles to ?which they would apply it 'will be a fair criterion of the fiscal effects of the proposed change. As already explained, it would make little difference to consumers whether or not the import trade were affected by such high duties. If it were not, the duties would go into the pocket of the Government ; but if it were Ircinsfoajb'* into a home trade, the home manufacturl^woil(l podcet the duties in tho shape of prffrtive premiums. Only by renouncing the dutiable oommoditiee altogether cuuld the public escape the extra taxes levied on them. The following are the principal articles in this division : — SUDISO 8C.U.K. Ten per cmt. the fist year, 15 per cent for the next six uiuntht, and subsequently '0 per cent. Wiilue, Preient 1*55. Duty. Apparel, slop*, altirta. blanket*. £ £ funnels, buizes, hats, c&w;, mil linery, &c; gar one-naif of drapery UT30.000) ... .„ 3C5.C0J 18.250 Boots and shoes ? 120,000 6 Ouu Cornbags, orebngo, woolpacks ... k'3,000 — Hdlloware, castings, &c.;, say one thud «-f imu manufactures (£177.100) ? ... 59.700 2.0S5 Sawn timber and manufactured under 2i ins, Bay one- third (£13(000) ? 45,300 ',570 Saddlery and harness ? 40 (to 2OU0 Potatoes ? 30.000 — Machinery ? ... 1H,(MI 901 Candles ? l&uOO; 9-W Chinaware ? ... „. 14,0ik} 7«0 Paper ? ... ? i^SH) 6*a Furniture ? 12,230 612 Soap ? ?. ? C7(W 3 8 Confectionary... „. ? 5,600 2?0 FNh ? ... 4,000 2U0 Add 10 per cent for minor articles not enumerated ? ... 87,199 3,540 ' £962.400 £38,940 In round numbers we may say that nearly one million sterling worth of our imports would be placed under the Sliding Scale, the present duty on which is as shown above ? about thirty-nine thousand pounds. The effect of the Sliding Scale would be to raise the duty to ninety- six thousand pound* in the first year. After eighteen months thi3 would be doubled, and the ultimate permanent charge would be one hundred and ninety-two thousand per annum. The difference be twee,n that sum and the amount of the duties at present levied (£38,940) would represent the cost to the country ii a protective duty of 20 per cent— rather more than a hundred ami fifty thou sand pounds a year. Whether we paid this to Government through the Custom- Honse, or to native manufacturers in the shape of fancy prices, it woiild be so much waste. To the victims of a monopoly it matters little who are the monopolists. A inonop-ly means so much money lost to the community ; and to talk about the indirect advantage of such a process were a piece of folly akin to the old-fashioned notion that spendthrifts were social benefactors because- they put money in circulation. ' The Pisteict of GtJMEiiACa.v.- Mr. A. B. Murray has forwarded his resignation as nieinlx-r -for (iuraeracha to the Sneaker of the li^e «f. Assembly. It is probable that Mr. A/flay will be invited toetaiid for his old constituency. The Destitute Board.— The Destitute Board have dismissed the Superintendent, Mr. Holthousp, on the (tround of indifference in the performance of his duties since the new arrangement came into operation. Air. Holthou-e was first called upon tn resign, which he refused to do, and then he re ceived notice that his services wuuld be dispensed with on the 31si July. The Waterworks Ekquibt.-Wc understand the result of the Waterworks enquiry so far has l-eei] to confiim the charges brought by Mr. Doothby against Mr. England, the Engineer. Cer tain surveyors were appointed to measure the earth excavated and to lake levels of the reservoir, »nd the conclusion to which they have come i», that the conti actor was largely overpai I. The report i-f the^e gentlemen has been sent in totheCommis.si(.n, who, we believe, have not yet reported to His Excellency on the wlule subject. But if our infor mation l-e correct, many thousands Of cubic yards of work were paid for, fur which nothing wm done. Thh id a serious matter and will doubtless be brought before Parliament at an early date. Gas- Light.— A denunciation meetinjr has lieen called for this eveniuj? of the Ratepayers uf Circy Ward, re the lighting of that part of the city with «as. The meeting will be held in the Wiutfield Hotel. The Kev. Mr. Maughan and Dif Cahk. Some cotrespondenue .between the Kev. Mr Maughan and Dr. Carr has been handed to ub by both gentlemen, but it would not be in aca r dunce with our rules to publish it except in our advertising coluinus. \\\ e may,' however, state its substance britfly. ihe Rev. Mr. HauKhan recently announced his intension ot delivering about the middle of Juiy. two lectures-' Ti.e PsKuolojiicul and Swindling Aspects of Phrenology, MenaerKiu, Auunal- Magnetisni,.&c;,' and 'The Frauds ptr pttnited in Electro-Biolagy, Magnetic Somnam bulism, Clairvoyance &c;, &c.;' OnJunei71-r Urr wrote to Mr. Maughan, reminding him of the frequent opportunities he had given for testing the genuineness of his operations, and expressly dial lenginv him (as he, Dr. Carr. was obliged tw leave Adelaide before the middle of Julj) to attend in White's Koom and publicly to prove any iraud or collusion. To this Mr. Maughan replied the same day, accepting the challenge, but giving Dr. Carr notice ' that the investigation will have to \m conducted according to scientific methods, anl not in the slipshod manner that is usual at jour lectures.' To thb letter Mr. Maughan informs us that he has received no auswer. and thtrefore ne presumes that the investigation is declined.- ? ViciohiA. Theatre.- Saturday was the closing night of the season at the Victoria Theatre, and the company played to a good house. The tain cipal piece was 'Kob Roy.' which was veiy er.di tably produced. Mr. Ray.ier took the part of the redoujted ouilaw, aud represented it with consider, able eflectiveness, his peculiar declamation so singularly out of place on some other occasions. beuiK often rather appropiate than otherwise' Mrs. Jackson with the natural disadvantages against which she had to combat, displayed crtat nerve and energy as Helen Macgregor. Her success was unequivocal as far as it was ponaible for her to mipereonate Bob's wife. Mr. U-firien ha'l a good apprecimuin of the honest Bailie fiicol Jarvie, son to the deacon of ever- verdant memory although his Scotch flavoured more of the«S Isle than of the riant Market The other prinS characters thought it beat not to lay themselves oijen to criticism on the pronunciation, and adhered to their native English. Mr. Chart™ Youns was full of his wonted humour as MaW (ialbraith- Mr. Edouin as the Dougal Creature. Misb Arnot as Francis Ugbaldiston, Mr. Morrison u Captaiu Thornton, and Miss Earl as DianaVeraon. performed their parts well, and at the close of the piece Rob Roy, Helen Macgregor, aud the Bailie were called before the curtain. The afterpiece wa» termed 'Dr. U'Callaghan on his Last Legs,' em. bracing a travestie upon electro-biology, which ex torted applause and laughter that would have been encouraging even to the presiding genius of meg meric manifestation in White's Rooms. The Bame eflecta were produced by Mr. O'Brien on his subjects as the raont genuine follower of the science might have brought about. The farce is an ex ceedingly smart ene, and full justice wai given to the congenial part of the Irish gentleman out of elbows bjr Mr. O'Brien. The subordinate parts were appropriately rendered. On Wednesday next a benefit will be riven tn Mr. ft.lnmnn h.ik. company. Db. CABB,-There was a lorge attendance at White s Room on Saturday evening, Jane 19, on the occasion of Dr. Carr'a final seance. The Rev, D. J. H. lbbetson presided. The evening wai devoted to mesmeric manifestations, all of whicli were eminently successful At the close the Chairman, in responding to a vote of thanks accorded him by, thS, audience, expressed his un qualified belief in the genuineness of the effects. 1'lie rope-tying feat of the previous evening by Mr. E. T. Osbaldbtone was lepeated, the process ot extrication occupying one minute ami IH second*, which was a little more than half a minute over the first feat The performer was securely bound with a strong rope by two gentle men selected by the audience and the expedition with which he freed himself won lor him general applause. Dr. Can will give a special entertain ment this evening in White'* Room on behalf of the widow and family of the late Mr. I. J. Barclay the necessary expenses of whicli he will himself defray. The charitable object which is in view will no doubt have the effect of drawing a large attendance. Miss flack will (rive her services as pi-mutt on the occasion gratuitously. Footbai,l ApgiDKST.-At the meeting of the Adelaide Football Club on Saturday Mr. F. A. Price met with a somewhat serious accident, neces sitating his removal in a cab. Dr. Wheeler was soon in attendance, and found Mr. Price had sustained some very severe injuries, though not dangerous. Pkice of GAS.-It will be seen from a noticein our advertising columns that the price of gas is to be reduced to 16s, per 1,000 cubic feet from to-day. Gas fob tub Cmr.-The Corporation have in structed the Gas Company to light only 23 lamps this evening, although the contract embrace* a much larger number. The Gas Company sent orders to England by the mail oh Saturday for 15 miles of mains for the extension in the city. Tramway to tue Mckhay.— A largely attended meeting was held at Crase'g Hotel, Kapucda, on Friday, June 'Ji. to advocate the construction of a tramway from Kapunda to tlie Uprth-Wpgt Bend of the River Murray. A number of rcsp. lutions in support of the object of the meeting were carried with unanimity. Crdeltt to Animals.— a correspondent miiki —' On Friday last f oine person brutally fcta)jf)«l a small terrier do?, which bled eo frwly ll-« it was not expected to live. It is a remarkably quiet beast, and if it had keen doiiiR au/mischief it luul 1 collir on with the name of its o^ier aud number af district where registered. TljfB ia a«ase the police ought to inqurc into,' .1 THS BOOTHDY ENQUmr.-Du, E^iT '~- Council continued the enquiry J«oS, ^ and against Mr. Juiticu Booiuby ai . '' clla'«« House on Saturday. June 13). ni8 it, n'Ve'niliei-t present. The witnc«ses examined tfe* 1'** '»* W. Itowner. fl. L. (lalbrait!., J. || ifl'^l N Collison, W. V ]{eit r .,, /''Vkoii, -- Moulder,, 1. W. T!,rupiS J W ,^ J l^ Hinde. The inve4iSat oa was thl'. ^'(l lv until Monday, at 12 tfclcS '»'*-i Thk Suraeiic Uun.T.-The Full CW w, in Banco tins morning at a ^rler-pa* 10 ll ':t MR. JU8T.CS CSTWMK, AND 'LH 'Th°iM-. '„''*'« tiPos«|M.icul e,ror in' IIUr , ' SSSSSSgp printed fnr mgilfo. But bevoJd thi K Palmer en who. t,:ok t.l,«uie ul, 1 UJ)'' Mr ccr..iu» winch he „£& da-;. «'-d «,„. He had no idea of going tatoX&iT;'1''''- ou the subject with a £a«luato irf tl 1' lmilir« in- had, .„ m^htC ,id t ^r.''^ stru-ty nosuch wvrd u tigm nT ,lllt e **« an :,uornc);s otihe, k-arned 0 render' J v' '' »yt(h, and in Mj'-estiiu- ,1 I .*b- '-*«* words to Mr. lVhn^ X I ,' at /'I™''* -* the aJopted-nan,el^K,^5^e; - °»e '!« h«a to question 11 r. fa!me,'8 Vm' , ,V 'Ot inttnl matter lmd subsequent h ?£« S^, ^ as «» daring hi. ab*n!e. aid cSc'Kn m™^1' would observe that he eveXuSdXS '' as u appeared to hun Hut ia point of m« « / ' the proper expreskhiu would be UurL 2 rn i;y as he had never in uny U, n Z-A Z ' Sfc' substantive except in tl.e Mural number » ' AU3TI1AUAX SCKNRUT.— We luve rft»l« I , *W, Uumel* Ke,KUson, JiS^g' of «,. weU.kn.,,,,1 artist i^i^JXtXZ Auural-a with the special object of ubu Su ?ketches for a similar publication tu be n, , i m !« He hi* b*u K0 well pleased wlt t lithographic skill und appliances of our m'k bourne friend us to have a .election „, hem paiKuhe.! j(1 that city. Tliey |lul been drawn ujhiu the stoua by hi* OWl hand, and litiishci under his suu*m,t,..,.i. ? ' iue seuc* is to conprue six sets of four ,,1^. each with cxp'anatory letter-,.™,. The fli tH( Mt. have ? alroajly l,,ea c«i,,lete.l. and un ««,.„ „' Me.««. llainel & r\\-r6'u.son is now in tow,, can vaainK f.* hul«cripti.,,w. of ,,le platcg „ selves we iaa .pc* .11 n,e |,iK|,eit terms ,lf ^ (.real judgment has al«, ken excreted in th0 choice of ►ul.jet-ts. c-ach ,f the principal Cl,lulliL.H ia?uv ib alrnre. * ew Sumh Wales u repremniiM by two striking views of Mount lumciuusco and ?ue.f the Weatherboard Valla. The Victorian l:»t begnm with {.'ajw .'?chunk, and incud^ etiaructmstic BCL-nen from the Ovens district aipps Land, &«. There are as yet only two from tHiuth Australia- the river Murray at Mowuudci. and the Waterfall near Uteii Osmund, u spirited aid faithful fckulch bathuj a sli^l.t re lund.nh* ,,f Kruistreea. \\\u prBHUIa8 Ule ani(tt ,,„,, |h , luat the iieonle at home were ho amMinued tu grass-trees ;iu Australian scenery they would nut ..ndtth it Without hciu. The publish,,'. prwim.|u* proniire- us at W two more l,*»l view-one'! Adelaide, and another of Mount Uambier The gem of the collection, an far ;m it has » ft Koue is a new of Hufurt Town - a beautiful subject most bkilfully and buru-s^dly treated. Storaoe Accommodation at CJoolwa.— T'io Southern Aryus says:-' j here exists u.i urWnt uecewmy for jnweased storage accommodation ut the Uovtirnineiit jin-wisea at lioolwa, and we think the Government outfit to see to the matter ut once, and set uliout pioviding sutticicnt hU»r.t«« for the merchandise that passes through their hands During the preset it mouth nearly :j,ooo bates of wool have ai rived ut the wharf, aud heavy cargoes lor three weameis liavc Lecn received from Vk ,[ Harbour uml K.u.:ed, and with this lurne trnttl- on the tramway it Inn been ul.iile. evident, that thu 1 lamwuv stores uru ift.ulHoiei.it to piovide shelter lurail the goods. Over .iW) lw|w ,,? t|m W(m, „ kteiuiict Marmiua had to be pluced outside tho Ooveiniiitnt Hioicwith eanva-i coverings om it and remained there H) or 12 da)H. At tliishuaboti' when nights ol heavy ran. me likely to occur, we think it Wiis ineuriiiig too gnat u ru-K to leave wool in the .-pen air. We are also informed thai duilu« wghtswiicn it did nun heavily uueks lowie.1 mi|, wool wight he seen on thu line all ni^ht with cover liitis that hpiwiemly w-rc iiisuthVieni protection against heavy raiua. 1 lie Superintendent of the iiaiuway n» douia did hi* bert with the mean, at Ins disposal to save car;o from damage, and tliu wea-.Lerrortuuateiysomewbatfavouredhim.bui it ja a Pity 1 hat lor want of 'a small outlay merelmiid m shou d be exposed to any rii,k of damage by weather. 1 0 meet the preseut want, und u itl the Government ^ood* bheds that art, we believe con templated, lie elected near the new i|iiiiy, we would suggest that the mcc of yuun.l on the east tdde of the present (stores -where the Maranua'a wool was lately utowed- lin«ht be roofed. The walls of the stores would make one sid-s ami one end, and tl 0 river si(,-2 might be put up of galvanized iron. Wj-li the assistance «.f mich a kIicF perhupa the present season might be not through without, cargo getting dauiajpjL and as the ground adioius the east en3 of the old wharf, it i«, we shuiifl think, ihe bust spot for mcli a «truc;urc. Several steamers will : ooii be aiming ut Uuolwn with wool, and taklna liaJcusBonedtiirrfoes, unda3 it litw been deal ly seen during the past few weeks that more utoic room is absolutely required, we hope no delay will occUr m providing for thia pressing want. It U only ju t to the Superintendent- to say that thin matter has lieen frequently ur«ed on the attention mi the Government uv him. but hitherto without avail. The Fiuk at DqFFiEu/a Mill. The Bunyip of the 2i)th June says:-'Un Friday evening, June 23, the wheat and other inflammable maleiial that wwinthe mill Ktill continued to bum, and them was jet a great body of fire in several compart, nu-nts ol the buildiisji. The value of the jioihU that were rescued from the flames in «!8ti mated by Messrs. Dutlkld K Ui. nt tatlnr more than jtbU stcilintr, but. unfortunately, owing to the linn having been large wheat buyers the preceding wfcjjk, they will be considerable losers by the sni.tlliiess of the policy which repre rented the stock-in-trade. It is not yet known wlmt steps will be taken with regard to thu re building of the mill. The walls will not be strong enough to siund against mill woik for the future, but whether tlie insurance com panies will build on the sarno site, or whether tne rums will oe converted mu» a lurge sto:o, u a matter for considsration. Some pleasing instauces arc toll (,f thu tliuughtfulreM of hoilu emplojes in the town on tiie mehl of the uecidei.t. J he conduct i,f the man (vV. Lee) in tlieempW of fllttigrs. Martin & Louttt,at thu l'liu-mx Foundry, tleserves particular notice. Seeing the danger that the town was subjected to, and knowing that tho Foundry was exactly to leeward of the tire, lie went and lighted a hie in the engine, got the steam up, pumped the laige tank on the premise* fill of water, and then intimated to the water-carrier* that be could till their carts as Ing as they needed them. We have leasonto believe that Imcaiei nd tnouKntfuiuess wqs uot permitted to go unrewarded by Mr. Alarlin. Bkompton BajOq of flora-The second anni Tersayr of the Brpapton Wcsleyan Hand of Hope of Hope was helttou the 20th ult. in the Weslejnn Church, Brompton. The procecding» commenced with a public tea, at which the tables wire crowded. It Wai followed by a public meeting, the Piesidcut of thfcftand, theltev. if. (J. Flockait, in the chair. The President, in his address, stated that he was not actively connected with any Total Alwtinenco j-ocic|W. and had refrained from becoming bu irom the too oflttu intemmrnte a-lvooucy of the temperance cause, lie felt he could do it moro umd by establishing and helping forward Hands or Hope.! He made it a rule te establish them, if m-t already formed, wherever he was stationed an a minister of the VYcbleyan Church. Hewasplensud and entered by that crowded meeting, aud by the ?earnestness and j«al shown by the members of the Bandit their regular attendance at the fortnightly uieetnifg, an(i t|iejr anxiety to get up pieces for reeitatitm. It was exceedingly gratifying to bun to «:e the marked Improvement in many of the la'k u yel?iencouragiiig report was then read by the Becretair, w^ter K. JM. Flockart, followed by the chub einging ?' Friends of Freedom.' Ktcita «ou8 w^re then given in a vpry creditable manner 1/ U^f' totfat. AlcBurnie, J. F. Flocbrt, H. Webber, aud C. H. WaUers, followed by music fjom the choir and a ynunf? pianist, Mimi rloia lAigman. A fhort lecture was then deli vered by one of the Vioe-Presi'JenU of tlie Hand, winch wai.very attentively listened to by the crowded ^assembly: followeil by the choir sinuiiitc ijome andSign. Miss Flora J/«ii-finat) Bcain rendered, mime pleaMiut music nn the fiiauo, which was folio* ed by recitation* from Maxtets Guthric, Ii. J. Flockart, T. Mattt'ra, J. Mills. B. t icEeriniL. and U. Cross, with music from the choir. t Various resolutions, proposed by Mr. J icKeringj M p., and other gentlemen, having bem patted lM»towing thanks to choir, rccitern, 1 ommiUee. lad e.«, &c.;, a most delightful evening's entmaintuent terminated at akiut 11 o'tltx-k. Air. ( ootnus presided at the harmonium.— Corre- tjiindcnt. . IIUMOUBB)' EisiflSATlOS OF Ma O. E. Hamilton.— A repoit gained currency during the week that our much respected ltcsident Engineer for the ftmth, Mr. G. E. Hamilton, has resigned his post, and we have heard oil every side c$.* pres?iona of regret at the circumstance. ^Ve are therefore pleased to be in h position to state that Mr. Hamilton 'lias not resigned, and to explain how the report must have originated. It aj pears that for some time pa«t, owing to the increase in the number of works under Mr. Hamilton's charge, the clerical duties connected with the office have been -much added in, axd hare involved an amount of work which kept that gentleman at hi* duties for n-'re than double ordinal-/ office hours, and as tiir duties were Int increasing Mr; Hamilton felt fiat it would be physically impossible fur h*n to perform the work much longer without assistance. This it neenuhe applied to Government for, and happened to express his feelings oi'the subject to a friind at Uoolwa. Hence th-- «P«rt which arose We a e aho, pleased to«- ™* «t the recommenda tion uflhfl Jtawfeer-in-Ohief the assistance «n niuchrrguiw/#b«fn !?PPH«! by the Govern. uiciii, iv lum.i v --Ecn-ciiii engineer will [» reljeve-l/rom a y-n on of the heavy duties that pwviowly. feJ ou him,, and wa hone will }'na MW& with us to initiate and P4rry out many ADcujps PolIcb CorjfcT.-The onlj case befort lie Court on Saturday, June 29, was one o ininkenncss, in whicli the smailett penalty was nflicted. ! %ST 'Wo art requested to call snecial wir'1 ,toiiihe &IeT;?ilis Day- l-y order Vthe ?lientf, at Messrj. Parr & hmmoore'a Mart Ufchanw, Of a lilock of Und in the Townshipd lt*& ^,r;ro valuable Properties in North L^ide./cluding the Britkh Tavern. BaJe' t 