gkUiugisfromPdl>o«mef,ttnfli. commercial queries. Axe fleas in the "hop" trade? Will a brad-awl "indent" poods? Will yeast make flour "rise" in the market? \- What brine Is used tor "salting*' invoices? Who is the inspector of the money market! Has pale brandy been ill, that it slieuld be spoken of as being easier! A SICK RELATIVE. Aunty-bilious. NEW INSOLVENTS. Benjamin Nailer, of Melbourne, snapper-up of trifles f-ueh as -watches, pocket-books, &c.;). Causes of insolvency—Dulness of the times having caused people >o confide their jewellery to the keeping of tbeir respective uncles; and so many pocket-books after abstraction having been found to he-empty. Liabilities, £15; assets. Is. (id. <l>ad) and a bunch of skeleton keys. Detec tive Williams, official assignee. Jeremiah Jehu, of Wilhamstown, cardriver and neckb cakcr. Causes of insolvency- Geueral aversion on the part of the public to be " done" out of thrice the usual fare; also quadruped Laid up with architectural leanness and general dislike to work. Liabilities, £40; assets, nil. Mr. Wintlc, official assignee. Ernest Hamilton Howard De Courcey, ballad singer and horse-bolder. Causes of insolvency— Inability to paddle his own canoe, and a bad habit, contracted during his residence in the colony, of frequenting public-houses. Liabilities. £5 lis. 7d.; assets. 12 "Belle Brandon," 10 "No one to Love," S "The Moan behind the UiU," and 21 "Ob. blame me not for weeping. I have no money now." song books: also, a cracked soprano voice. Mr. Stmt, City Police Court, official assignee. SANITARY QUERIES If a man keeps Ins health, where does be keep it? If a lady rejects a suitor, is it a ease of decline? a Have the scents of smelling anything to do with smelling-salts? Will the black draught give cold" superabundant prosperity. As an evidenoe of the surpassing prosperity which is at present absolutely intoxicating the people of this colony under the benign operation of a protective tariff, the Natal Land and Colunizi tiou Company iiave thought it advisable to establish an agescy in this city, and numbers are applying for passages. And has Victoria really come to this, that the people ere willing to leave her for Natal; Jifr. Punch would like to punch the heads of those who have brought things to such a pass. LIQUID aiEA-SURE. 20 nobble rs make I pint 2 pints stake 1 drunk 2 drunks make 1 jolly row 2 j tlly rows make 1 City Court 3 City (Courts make ... 1 Melbourne GaoL EXTRAORDINARY DISEASE. The colonial wine-shops fever has "bust out a'l over us-we've got it bad." Every other shop sells wine. Those that donlt are jewellers or pawn brokers. CTREE SURE6ICSS OP RAIN. L When the weather-glass in Collins-street stands at "set fair." 2\. When you scarcely -see any one with an umbrella. 3\. And when the "hydrant men" persist [in watering fee streets with untiring vigour. aatEASIB AND T-EEIR IMPORTS. To dream of policemen is a sure sign of the " blues.*" To dream you are a monkey is—to say the least suggestive. To dream your head is-being "punched," and on waiting to discover that such is not the case is lucky—Sorwou. To dream vou haveelaped with a wicked female ghost is a sure sign yomfcsve taken bad spirits tthe over nights. If a "gentleman of the press" dreams of donkeys, it is called a " neddy- turial" vision. To dream of suet shows a fat-uous mind (don't do it again}'. This is all at present. 