THE NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho branch mail steamer Alexandra, with the July mails from Europe, arrived off Glenolg at half-past three o'clock p.m. yesterday, having taken only ninety-eight hours to ran from King George's Sound. Our telegraphic summary of the news will be fonnd elsewhere. Wo also give a few additional details of the in elligence received by the Kaikoura. The Avoca will most likely reach Hob'son's Bay in tho course of Monday night, or early on Tues day morning, considerably within contract time. Tho City Council will meet this afternoon. In pursuance of their determination to mako tho visit of H. R. H. the Duke of Edin burgh a memorable one in their civic history, the reception committee propose inviting tlio Duke to lay tho foundation stone of tho new Town Hall. A recommendation from the com mittee for consideration tliis afternoon is as follews : — ' That his Royal Highness tho Duke of Edinbugh bo asked to do tho council tho lienor of laying the foundation stone of tho Town Hall, and that, in anticipation of his Royal Highness's complying with such request, authority bo given for the manufacture of a trowel for use on tlio occasion, in accordance with a design selected by the committee, nnd at a cost of £150.' Tho market committee propose that additional accommodation bo provided at the abattoirs at a cost of £265, and that the Eastern Market sheds be further repaired at a cost of £100. At the Supreme Court, in banco, on Satur day, his Honor the Chief Justico delivered the judgment of the full court upon demur rers raised by tho petitioners in the railway caso of Evans, Merry and Another v. the Queen. Judgment was given for the respon dent upon all the demurrers, and two pleas offered by the Government for tho nonpayment of £85,000 on the contract were thereby sus tained. A public meeting, in support of tho action taken by the Ministry and their supporters during the present crisis, and in condemnation of that of the Council, was held at the Young Queen Hotel, Pentridgo, on Saturday even ing. Mr Gibb. J.P., presided. Those who addressed tho meeting were Messrs Balfour, M'Caw and ,Cope, M.L.A.s, Boll, R. Jones, M'Gowan, Landells, Virtue, and Saunders, The resolutions submitted were carried with out dissent. A report appears in another column. There are many who think that a more pre- ferable mode of getting rid of our surplus stocks of beef and mutton, than by boiling down the carcases of sheep and cattle for the tallow, would be to preserve the meat and export it to the most profitable market. The method of preserving meat by boiling in hermetically sealed canisters has been adopted on a small scale in this and the adjacent colonies for some time past, but, as a business, it has not been fully developed, or its advantages as an export fully tested. Exhibits on a small scale were to be seen in our recent Intercolonial Ex- hibition of preserved meats, which had re- mained fresh for several years, and were as sweet and nutritious when opened as meat more recently cooked. Amongst the exhibitors was Mr McCracken, from Tasmania, who was awarded a prize for cooked meats, speci- mens of which had been [on?] more than one whaling voyage, and were pronounced most excellent by the judges. The services of Mr McCracken have been brought into requisition by the Vic- toria Meat Preserving Company, whose pre- mises, situate at the corner of Bourke and King streets, were visited by a few gentlemen on Saturday, who were invited to witness the pro- cess. The meat is slaughtered at the abattoirs, and the choicest portions used for cooking. The process of manufacture consists simply of en- closing the fresh meat in tins of various sizes, which are close soldered and the tin plunged into boiling water, where it is suffered to remain until it is considered sufficiently cooked. The tins on being withdrawn from the boiler, are pierced on the lid to permit of the escape of the superfluous steam, and considerable judgment is required to determine how much of this steam shall escape before the soldering iron is applied, and the hole plugged. If delayed too long, the air finds its way into the canister and in process of time the meat becomes tainted, de- composition having set in. Such portions of the carcase as are not adapted for cooking, being too gross, large or fleshy, are salted and packed in barrels for exportation, so that scarcely any portion of the animal is wasted. The barrels are formed of colonial-seasoned wattle, made and hooped on the promises. The ap- purtenances are capable of disposing of between 300 and 400 sheep and 30 bullocks weekly ; the supply, in fact, being only limited by the de- mand. The larger the scale upon which ope- rations are conducted, the greater the economy and profit ; and it is understood that Mr Cald- well, who has initiated the undertaking, will shortly submit details to the public and invite co-operation. The meat tasted by the gentlemen invited to luncheon on Saturday was pronounced more nutritious than ordinary boiled meat. The gelatinous properties are all preserved, and there is a sweetness as well as freshness both to the taste and in the appearance which ought to cause its more frequent use at the table, either for lunch or dinner, especially during the summer months, when cooking is so ob- jectionable. It can be purchased cheaper than imported potted meats, and is infinitely more palatable. The export trade is that upon which the company must rely ; and Mr Cald- well is of opinion that with proper agencies throughout the United Kingdom, an excellent business could be done. The article itself, once introduced, cannot fail to be appreciated, and, a footing obtained, the success of any company is certain. The Geelong Police Court and its precincts were crowded by over two hundred people, on Saturday, anxious to catch a sight of Joseph Whelan, brought up on suspicion of being the perpetrator of the murderous assault on and robbery of Mr Thomas Bromley. The Mayor presided, and there was a full bench of magis- trates. The prisoner was placed in the dock handcuffed, but was removed again and re- placed unshackled. He was firm and com- posed in his manner. Turning his face from the public towards the bench, he leant with both hands on the rail of the dock, and listened attentively while the clerk of the court read the deposition, already published, of the appre- hending constable, who stood in the witness- box, In reply to his Worship, as to whether he had any objection to offer why he should not be remanded for seven days as requested by Inspector Bookey, the prisoner said he had ; he was, he said, at his own home at the time of the occurrence. He further said that a portion of the deposition was untrue. When the constable accosted him first he was in plain clothes, and it was in conscquenco of that that ho gave a wrong namo aud evasive replies, as he would to any inquisitive stranger. When tho constable informed him that he was such, ho told him tho truth, bnt ho still denied that tho £3 found in tho mattress was his property. The prisoner was then remanded for seven days, to enable tho police to bring up evidence. On his removal to tho inspector's office tho crowd lingered in om ticipation of seeing him brought (o the hos pital for identification by tho wounded man. This, however, was not done until twelve o'clock, and he was taken hack to the lock-np until that hour. On being confronted with Mr Bramley, in the presence of tho inspector of police, the sub-inspector, and Dr. Reid, the wounded man looked steadily at his assailant, aud as wall as he could speak with his broken jaw, uttered the word ' pistol,' and said '' That is the man.' The prisoner was then removed to gaol. On his passago through tho streets, and in the court, Whclan was identi fied by a largo number of persons who havo known him as a laboring man about tho town, and district for years, whero ho has a mother and brothors residing. Various stories nro told ns to his character and antecedents, bnt while some oxpress their amazement that he could bo guilty of tho doed, there are others to whom it is not a matter of wonder. One of the latter, who was a fellow-servant with tho pri soner three years ago, on Mr Josiali Austin's station, at the North Shore, states that he was known there as ' Joe the liar,' a name he stowed in consequence of the man's tale-bearing and mischievous disposition. Having quarrelled with the conchman, he was discharged by Mr Austin, in consequence of tho latter giving no tice to leave on the ground that he feared his lifo was in danger from tho prisoner, who said to him, ' Eithor I will kill yon or you will kill mo.' During shearing time he was known to carry a pistol with him, and one of the men drew his likeness on the wall of the hut, with one in his hand. Another said it was not com plete, and drew over the figure a gallows, with the rope round hi3 throat. The Royal Society hold the September meet ing, this evening. A paper, ' The Ethics of Opi nion,' willboread by Mr H. K. Rusden, andas the commencement of what may be designated the literary element of the society will, if only as novelty, attract attention. For naturalists, Professor M'Coy has one of his short, but descriptive papers, on wombats. At the ordinary meeting of tho Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, on Satur day, arrangements were made for the annual exhibition on the 24th and 25th October. It was decided to request his Excellency to attend, the exhibition, as also to beoome patron of the society. A prize of £100 is offered by the society for the best reaping and binding machine, to bo exhibited at the annual ex hibition, and nfterwerds to stand the test of a trial in the field. Scarcely a week passes bnt cemplaints are made of the loss of valuable plants, flowers, Ac., from graves in tho new Cemetery. To such an extent is tho system carried, that not content with stealing the flowers, tho thieves have now commenced making away with tho vases as well. We would suggest that application be made to the police autho rities for the services of an efficient officer in plain clothes, eq that the heartless scoundrels may be brought to justice for the wholesale desecration, heretofore perpetrated with im punity. A species of plunder which at once outrages the dead and the living demands a unique and memorable punishment. The annual meeting of the members of the Melbourne Cricket Club, was held on Satur day lost, in the pavilion. Tho report submitted showed a falling off in the receipts of the / last season, as compared with the estimates, of £210. The repert was adopted, and the retiring office-bearers re-elected. \- On Saturday afternoon, shortly before four o'clock, a fire broke out in a three- storied building No. 145 Latrobe-street, be tween King and Spencer streets. The premises were used as a cocoa and chocolate manufactory. The alarm was quickly taken to the Bourke-street fire station and the Town Hall. On tho arrival of the fire'brigade, the flames had burned through tho roof, and before the fire could be extinguished the whole of the upper portion of the building was totally destroyed. Mr Charles Bate, who is the occupier, and lives on the premises, left shortly after two o'clock, taking his family with him, when all appeared- safe. Thero is an insurance effected on tho stock and machinery with the Imperial Fire Office, for £800. The building is owned by the Australian Trust Company; it is not known if insured. The origin of the fire is at present unknown. Our Sydney telegram contains the result of tho sport on the fourth (Plato) day of the Randwick Spring Mooting. It was raining heavily, on Saturday, at Sydney ; towards mid day, however, it cleared up ; bat not before it had had the effect of deterring many from visit ing the course at Randwick. As will be seen by the telegram, the bad working of the wires has deprived us of a description of the run ning of the three last races. One mistake is, however, corrected. In the Produce Stakes, run on Friday, Glencoo was returned the winner and Italian second. It should have been reversed — Italian first and Glencoe second. Tho good horses have held a pro minent position all through tho meeting ; the Rose of Australia paving been second in the Metropolitan Stakes, third to Yattendon in the Craven Stakes, and won tho Tradesmen's ? Plate on Saturday, Rioter second. Tho Grand Stand Plato Orlando just snatched from two Queensland horses, Duke of Athol and Rearguard. Tha Wavorley Handicap fell to Lady Kingston, Rainsworth second; and tho Randwick Plato is recorded in favor of Yattendon, North Australian second and War wick third, which is an extremely good per formance on tho part of Warwick, in such good company. A living specimen of tho vampiro bat (vam pirus spectrum,), caged and exhibited in the window of Mr Gaskoll, Elizabeth-street, at tracted a great deal of notice in tho course of Saturday lost. It wa3 caught in tho St. Kilda Park, and numerous persons who may be supposed qualified to judge have pronounced it the veritable ' bloodsucker,' commonly sup posed to be fabulous, but tho oxistenco of which has been attested by more than one re liable traveller. Mr Gaskell's specimen mea sures about a foot from tip to tip of its wings, an(l it is extremely spiteful, flying savagely at any person who approaches the cage. When undisturbed, it usually hangs head downwards, suspended by its hinder claws from the bars at the top of the cage, and having its wings flapped round it like a folded umbrella. From a report showing results of motcro logical observations made at tho . Melbourn e Observatory, for tho week ending Vth Septem ber, we select tho following : — Weather fine and pleasant on the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 7th ; boisterous en tho 4th ; squally and showery on tho 5th and 6th ; sheet lightning on the 5th ; heavy squalls with rain and hail on tho Gth. Total rainfall since 1st January : — 15.26 inch during 74 days, against 13.75 during 67 days for the same period in 1866 ; 12.06 during 90 days for the same period in 1865 ; 18.23 during 92 days for the same period in 1864 ; 19.32 during 102 days for the same period in 1863 ; 17.70 during 88 days for the same period in 1862 ; 17.19 during 89 days for the same period in 1861 ; 13.36 during 68 days in the same period in 1860 ; 14.09 during 82 days in the same period in 1855 ; 12.96 during 81 days in the same period in 1S58. Tho purchasers of forfeited shares in the Lady Don Company, Ballarat, lately sold by auction at the Criterion Hotel, Collins- street, held a meeting at the office of Mr Knipe, tho auctioneer, on Saturday, when, after some strong observations on the course pursued by the board, who withhold tho scrip, it was re solved on by the majority of those present to proceed against tho directors, unless the SGrip was received within tho next few day3. Through tho boiler explosion, which (as re ported in Saturday's Age ) occurred on Thurs day, at the saw mills of Messrs David Davies and David James, Ross's Creek, Smythesdale, Davies was killed almost instantaneously. It appears that a boy, a son of Davies, noticed that the boiler was leaking, and called tho attention of tho engine driver to it, when, beforo he had time to inspect it, tho explosion took place. Davies was on the brick- work of the boiler at the time, and was blown a dis tance of two hundred yards, his head being completely smnshed. Tho engine driver re ceived a blow on the knee, and another behind tho ear, but neither however producing any erious effect. The boy Davies also got a blow from a brick. Davies expired within a few minutes after the accident, and was carried to his residence at Smythesdale the same night. He leaves a widow and eight children totally nnprovided for. We have Holritika files to the 3rd inst., con taining scraps of intelligence from other New Zealand ports. Mr T. L. Bright, one of the members for Hokitika, has resigned his seat in the Provincial Council. The trial of Chas. E. Gundry, on tho charge of committing the late robbery at the Union Bank, has resulted in an acquittal. A bill has been introduced to provide for the representation to a certain extent of the Maori race in the General Assembly. Another important mea suro for the establishment of a general system of municipalities throughout the colony, ' has passed its second reading, and is now in com mittee of the House. The death of Mr Charles Simoon, one of the early Canterbury settlers, is recorded by the Christchurch papers. Captain Simeon for some time held the office of resident magis trate at Lyttelton and Christchurch. He» was also the first Provincial Treasurer after local government had been granted to the Pro vinces, and was elected Speaker on the open ing of the Provincial Council in 1853. News from tho North is portentous of fresh hostili ties, consequent upon outrages by the natives. Tho late report of the murder of four whites at Hawke's Bay is, however, contradicted. We have Hobart Town advices to the 5th mid Launceston to the 6th inst. The Hobart Town Times of tho 5th says that Mr Balfe is ap pointed on the staff of the Melbourne Argus. Others, however, say that there is no founda tion for tho statement. A meeting of stewards of the Champion Races was held at Hobart Town on the 4tli, to consider the propriety of appointing a public handicspper. According to the Mercury, tke stewards, yesterde j, wt.r0 unanimously of opinion that an official handi capper should be appointed, and they are now in communication with a professional handi ?capper, having a very high reputation in Victoria. We leam by telegram that the Kyneton Mechanics' Institute was destroyed by fire yesterday morning. Property to the value of about £1000 has perished, but a more consi derable loss is that of tho fine library, said to have been rich in historical and biographical literature, which money may be unablo to replace. We observe that the entries for the Southern Tasmanian Handicap close on tho 27th inst. An extraordinary rumor appears to have been current in Ararat for the past few days to the effect that the Black Lead Company's ground, on which is erected the most powerful ma chinery in the mining district, and on which many thousand pounds worth of labor have been expended, was jumped a couple of days ago by a gentleman from Ballarat, who states that the ground is not legally held by tho shareholders. It is further stated, according to the Ararat Advertiser, that the Canton Company's ground, another extended claim, on which thero is also a largo amount of valuable machinery, has been jumped by the somo person. ' The Black Lead,' adds our contemporary, 'gives abun dant promise of being tho best claim ever opened in this district, and shareholders were not only sanguine but certain of dividends being declared in a short time. Tho jumper states that none of the large claims in the district are legally held, and ho has picked on theso two, wo suppose, as being tho most promising and tho most likely to pay for his little game, ltumor further reports that the illustrious stranger has jumped a quartz claim nenr to Pleasant Creek, and that tho merits of his bold attempt will be tried shortly before tho Wardens for tho respective divisions sf the district. If through any laches of tho law the ownership of tho claims be transferred, it will entail a largo amount of hardship on a great number, and most injuriously opcrato against confidence in mining ventures in this district.' A correspondent sends us for publication tho following anecdote from the ' History of tho Horse,' as an interesting examplo of what nerve and presence of mind will do in hunting or riding: — ' In the winter of 1862, the har riers of Mr Thomas Robertson, of Goornong, Campaspo, came upon a buck which had es caped from Mr Nevini's park, at Runnymede, and ran it upwards of twenty miles right out. It is not my object, however, to describe this chase, which was a most surprising one, but to relate an incident which occurred in the course of it. Mr Robertson's horse, a gelding, upwards of seventeen hands high, equal to eighteen stone, which was about tho weight Mr Robertson rode, in the course of this romarkablo chase, came to a fence which was unknown to Mr Robertson, consisting of what he thought to bo merely a hedge and ditch, the hedge being upon a high bank, and the ditch, about six feet wide, ceming first. Mr Robertson rode tho horse at tho fence, and the horse took it in grand style, and wits in the act of covering the fence when, to tho surprise of the rider, and apparently that of his horse, ho discovered a wide ditch also, on tho other side of the hedge ; the plunging into tho second ditch appeared inevitable, but to his astonishment the horse by some means checked his leap, and doubling his foro legs under him came on the bonk on tho opposito sido of tho hedge and, tnking another spring, cleared tho second ditch safe and wide. Mr Robertson deemed this leap the most extraor dinary he had seen or heard of.' The number of persons arrived at tho port of Melbourne during the past week, by way of seaboard, is as under: — Neighbouring colonies, 376 ; United kingdom, 53 ; Mauritius, 3 ; New York, 1. Total, 433. The South Australian Government have sent a despatch to Mr Dutton, Agent- General in London, instructing him to require all bills, advertisements, and other printed announce ments issued by emigration agents in England, to be submitted to him for approval before publication. This is to prevent any exagcrated accounts of the colony, or inaccurato represen tations as towages, &c.;, being circulated by the selecting agents. In future all such announce ments will bear tho namo of the AgentGene ral, who will thus be responsible for the ac curacy of their contents. According to the Border Post, the Albury poople are fully alive to the importance of the movement of the German farmers from South Australia to the Upper Murray. ' A very ex tensive private correspondence is now going on between those settled near Albury, and their friends left behind in South Australia. Several of tho Farmers' Clubs at Mount Gambier and elscwhero liavo been communicated with, and negociations are on foot for sending an im migration lecturer from Albury to the country districts of South Australia, with a view of explaining the New South Wales land bill, and supplying any information that may be required relative to the position and prospects of farmers in the Albury district. The pro spectus of an Albury Farmers' Club has been drawn up, and it is expected that this new local body, when duly formed, will exert con siderable influence in promoting the migration, not only of Germans, .but also of other nationalists, to the cheap and fertile lands of tha Upper Murray.' The Melbourne correspondent of the Star, whoso letters often possess peculiar piquancy, and whose imaginative faculty has given an airy existence to any amount of political com plications, seems now to have struck upon an entirely new vein. This, his latest communi cation, is sufficient to show that his materials of news are not limited to the surroundings of this dull earth : — ' The following mysterious ghost story was told to me on Friday by a re spectable and apparently sane individual, who devoutly believes in its truth, but whose name I am not at liberty to mention. From what my informant stated, it appeared that a short time ago a person occupied a house in Melbourne, and after living thero for some time left in a mysterious manner. After this a second per son went to live in the same house, where she died or, as is supposed, was murdered. The house is now occupied by some respectable citizens, whose peaceful slumbers are nearly every night disturbed by the sound of footsteps going up and down stairs. Sometimes in the dead of night a noise as if somo heavy body was falling upon the floor, is heard, while at .the same time the house bell commences to ring in a most unaccountable manner. My in formant solemnly declares that he has seen the handle of the boll working bnckwards and for wards when there was not a soul near it, and he also states that he himself has heard tho foot steps on the stairs and the falling of the body. A scientific gentleman is now inquiring into the matter.' Mr C. E. Jones, M.L.A., met rather a favorable reception from his constituents in tho Charlie Napier Theatre, Ballarat East, on Friday. The mayor presided, and the theatre was crowded to excess. The meeting occasionally became noisy and turbulent enough, but upon the whole there was a predominant good feeling. Shrewdly enough, Mr Jones devoted himself mainly (q the Parlirg gr?nt; the rtobt of tbs Assembly to vote tho money, and tho unconsti tutional assumptions of the Legislative Council. He proposed n resolution to tho effect that the meeting disapproved of the course taken by tho Upper House ; and ho was studiously moderate in his allusions to the Ministry. Mr W. B. Rodier seconded tho motion, and it was supported by Mr Dyte, M.L.A., who said ho could endorse every word that had fallen from Mr Jones.' Mr William Clarke, however, bitterly denounced Mr Jones for having deserted the Ministry, and moved 03 on amend ment ' That this meeting, whilst approving of tho recent speech and vote of Mr C. E. Jones on the Darling vote, cannot but condemn his conduct in joining tho Opposition, and chang ing from the Ministerial to the Opposi tion sido of the House, and that no candidate for the representation of Bal larat East will be supported by this consti tuency who will not give a full and hearty support to tho present Ministry.' Mr Joseph Jones spoke wearisomely in deprecation of the course pursued by the Ministry, and was hissed and groaned down for his pains when the patience of tho meeting became exhausted. Mr Thomas Corcoran was endured through an oration which was amusing in proportion to its incoherency, although ho styled tho audi ence a ' congregated rabble' — ' England — and perhaps ho was no great friend of her's at the present time— had given them a noble Constitution, and ho only wished it had been extended to his country.' It will be intensely mortifying to 'England' to learn that Mr Thomas Corcoran's friendship has been forfeited 1 Mr Clarke stated that, if Mr Jones would say ho would support the present Ministry, he would withdraw his amendment. Mr Jones stated that, on the question then beforo thorn, and in the dispute then beforo tho country, he was in favor of tho M'Culloch Administration, but ho would not be at the bidding of Mr Clarke, even if there were fifty amendments proposed. Mr Clarke declined to withdraw his amendment, but it fell to tho ground for want of a seconder. A resolution in Mr Jones's favor wns then car ried, which wns virtually a resolution in favor of tho Ministry, Mr Jones having obtained it through his discreet reference to the Govern ment. Thero were one or two rather amusing passages-nt-arms between Messrs Jenes and Clarke, onco sworn friends, and now apparently resolute opponents. ' How about a now whip ?' cried Clarke, while Jones was in the full glory of his oration. ' If a stick were wanted he would know where to find one,' was Jones' ready reply, and tho meeting roared with laughter. The Courier intimntes that tho Bank of Australasia has settled an annuity of £100 upon Mrs Burke, the widow of tho late Mr T. U. Burke, of Smythesdale. 'We have Sydney files to tho 5th. The Herald, of the 4th inst., thus refers to the case of Dickson and wife v. Yeomans : — ' In our issue of Friday last, we made a general statoment as to the nature of this caso, which had then been pending five days, and had at - traded a great deal of public attention, parti cularly in sporting circles. It was yesterday brought to an abrupt conclusion, in conse quence of the sudden death of Mrs Dickson. It is unnecessary, and, under the circumstancesi would bo unfair, to give any report ef the case as far as it went, for tho evidence for the plain tiffs had not terminated, and that for the de fendant had not been entered upon. Tho ac tion was, as will bo remembered, for malicious prosecution. It was Mrs Dickson who had been prosecuted, and the injuries were de clared upon as personal to that lady, her' hus band being only made a plaintiff pro forma, and not as having himself being damnified by loss of his wife's society during her temporary imprisonment, &c.;,' and for the expenses to which he had been put in connection with her defence. Mrs Dickson having undergone a very lengthened examination and crossexami nation in the case, was taken ill directly after wards, aud expired on Saturday morning. Tho trial had lasted six days when, en Friday oven ing, it was adjourned until yesterday, but by the death of Mrs Dickson the suit, as the pleadings stood, was at onco abated. Had there been a count in the declaration for injuries, of the kind already mentioned, to Dr Dickson, the the suit would have arrived to him. As it was, and as the suit had already been brought to an end, thero was no jurisdiction oven to amend the declaration by inserting such a count. As it is, the cose is, in the eye of the law, in the same state us if the trial had never been entered upon. Each gets back his ex hibits ; but it will be now open to Dr. Dick son to bring a fresh action in his own name if ho should bo so advised. Some question as to the costs may arise hereafter, but we imagine that each party will, as the case stands, linvo to pay his own costs. ' Should a dissolution be decided upon ulti mately, it would seem that thero will bo no lack of candidates, many of our provincial con temporaries already indicating local men wil ling to sacrifice themselves for the public in terest. . Mr T. Cooper, of Creswick, and Mr M'lntyre, the mayor of Sandhurst, are amongst the latest-mentioned ' coming men.' On Saturday, Ryrie-streot, Geelong, was again thronged with shouldered mutton, no less than one hundred and forty carcases being thus conveyed from auction. Ninety wore dis posed of by Mr Howell at three half-pence, and fifty by Mr Levy at from five farthings to three half- pence per pound. The first-named lot was the property of Mr 'Webster, wholesale and retail butcher, and the second from Mr John Olive, grazier. At the City Police Court on Saturday five young lads were brought up charged with stealing two boilers and a metal mortar, valued at £5, from Messrs Walton Brothers, Fitzroy. The rascals sold the articles to a marine store dealer for 15s. They were re manded for further inquiry. Hounbrook Ragged Schools. — Tho anni versary will be celebrated this evening at half post seven, in St. George's Hall, when his Honor Judge Pohlman will preside. Victorian Horticultural Improvement Society. — The usual monthly meeting of this society is to be held this evening at seven o'clock, in the Mechanics' Institute, Collins street, when important business will be brought forward. Melbourne Gaol Returns. — The number of prisoners confined in H. M. gaol at Mel bourne, on Saturday last, was 378, classified as follows : — For trial before the Supreme Court, 6 males, 3 femules ; before magistrates, 16 males, 5 femkles ; read gang, 2 males ; I under sentence hard labor, 169 males, 31 females ; imprisonment, G6 males, 33 females ; lunatics, 16 males, 4 females ; in default of bail, 17 males. 7 females ; debtors, 7. Total, 293 males, 85 females. . Victorian Deaf and Dumd Institution.-— The annual meeting of the subscribers to this excellent charity will bo held at the new build ing on the St. Kilda-road, on Thursday next, 12th inst., at half-past seven o'clock. An examination of pupils will take place. Carlton Readings. — Despite tho unsettled state of tho weather, there was a large attend ance at tho Trades Hall on Friday evening last. The Rev. C. S. Perry occupied the chair, and a very rood programme was provided ; the sing ing of the Misses Sharps, Lambert and Hewitt, and Messrs Fax, Kennedy and Watmuff, a reci tation by Miss Murray, and the readings by Mp Wei®- deserving, special mention. Miss Grimwood and mcssrS GriffiWQOd mi Lyon? presided at the pianoforte. ' Football. — A match came off on Saturday, in tho Richmond Paddock, between the Mel bourne and- Hobson's Bay Railway Company Club and the Victorian Railways Clnb. After about twenty minutes' good play, Mr Patterson kicked a goal for tho first named club. The contest was afterwards carried on with ereat energy on either side, but tho M. and H. B. men decidedly had the best of the sport. A second goal was not obtained up to the time of draw, half-past five. Mr Adomson captained the Hobson's Bay Railway Club, and Mr Gor man ncted in that capacity for tho other team. Amongst the Victorian Railways men, some of tho best players were Messrs Gorman,. Chessell, Jordan and Gillespie. Messrs Adamson, Robertson, Goode, Whalley and Grave did good work for the other club. The Lying-in Hospital. — Tho Rev. Isaac Moore, S. J., preached a sermon yesterday morning in St. Francis' Cathedra], in aid of the funds of tho Lying-in Hospital. The reverend gentleman, in advocating tho claims of tho institution to tho support of the Catholic community, quoted figures from the annual reports of the hospital for the year 1864 and two succeeding years, which showed that about half the patients admitted annually were Catholics, while out of £734 voluntarily subscribed last year only £30 were received from Catholic contributors. He characterised this fact as a disgrace to his co-religionists in this city, and asked if such a state of things shou'd be allowed to continue. He first appealed to their sense of justice and then to their charity. TTia discourse was of a very earnest and eloquent character, and as the church was densely crowded the result will probably be a substantial help to the hospital. The sum collected on the spot was £37. As the reverend gentleman chiefly aimed at inducing Iris hearers to become annual subscribers to the hospital, it is to be hopod the sub scription list will soon exhibit proofs that his advocacy has been generously responded to. 