The Habits of Buffalo Ghosts. The Buffalo (New York) Express contains the following extraordinary communication : — ' I have reasons for not signing my name to the following statement and for withholding it from every person living, although I can pledge the word ot an honest man that every word I am now about to relate is, as far as I am capable of judging as true as truth itself. ' On the night of Christmas eve, then, as I was returning home from attending Divine service in a cer tain church in this city, on nearing my residence I became suddenly aware that a stranger was walking close behind me, and keeping step with me in a manner which I con sidered to be somewhat familiar and offensive. Influenced by the sacred ness of the place I had just left, feeling that[I should soon be relieved of such undesirable company, I said nothing, but hurried my pace until I reached the steps leading to my own door. At thisi point I halted for a moment with the intention of scrutinising the stranger more closely as he passed, when I became sensible at once, that although it was snowing rather fast, from the time I became cognizant of the stranger's proximity up to the time that I reached home none of the snow fell upon either side of us, but seemed to have been repelled about two feet all round from each of us, we both, as it were, walking in a sort of vacuum. Although I saw this palpably at the same time of its occurrence, and was quite aware that not a particle of snow touched either of us while we were together, yet strange to say, it never struck me as being singular until I had mounted the steps and found the flakes falling on me once more, At this juncture I became very much alarmed, and the more so from the fact that when I turned round, on the upper step of the flight, to en deavour to get a peep at the stranger's face, he was gone. He had disappeared with the velocity of light, and under circumstances the most incomprehensible, leaving a strange impression that I had seen him before, but as to when or where I was totally unable to deter mine. ' Completely astonished at an ad venture so strange, I entered my re sidence, where to my surprise I found an old friend seated in my study beside a cheerful coal fire that burned in the grate, and whom I had not seen for years, although I was in the habit of constantly corresponding with him. We were mutually de lighted at the meeting, and I was happy at making him at home in my bachelor's quarters — I have passed into the sere and yellow leaf without having been fortunate enough to make a favourable impression upon any one of the fair sex. At the novelty ot my position, and the gratification it afforded me, all re* incmbrance of my adventure in the street was completely lost sight of, and I addressed myself to conversa tion and the meagre hospitalities that I could offer him at so late an hour of the sight — my housekeeper hav ing gone to bed. ' After supper and a single glasB of ale each, we retired to our res pective apartments, to renew our conversation at breakfast and spend a happy christmas day together. Somehow orother I didnot sleep very well ; but as I am rather abstemious and quite unused to late suppers, I fancied that my restlessness was oc casioned by oven the single glass of ale and the fewmouthsfull had eaten. As the day began to dawn, however, I sank into a deep refreshing slumber, from which I was aroused about eight o'clock by the well- known voice of ray aged domestic announcing the breakfast ready. I was soon up and dressed, and as was always my wont, passed into my study belore going down stairs. 'Here to my utter surprise, I per ceived standing on the table at which my friend and I had supped two glasses — one empty and the other filled with ale — beside a plate, the contents of which appeared not to have been touched. I was astonished and confused beyond measure at this, for, before retiring to rest, I had locked a door leading out into the hall at the head of the stairs, which effectually cut off both my study and my bedroom from all in trusion. Unable to account for this strange condition of the table, I in stantly hastened to the apartment of my friend, and knocked at the door, Receiving no reply, I entered the room when, lo and behold I it was empty, while his bed bore all the evidence of its not having been slept in the night previously. I ran down stairs in great consternation, and learned from my housekeeper that she had not made up any beds that morning, and that not a soul had left or entered the house that morning. 'Utterly bewildered, I was about to make some inquiries when my at tention was arrested by a knock at the hall door. It was the postman. He handed me a letter. I opened it and sank into a chair. It contained the announcement of my friend's death, which had occurred at Wash ington a few days previous. After having perused the sad contents, the recollection of my strange adventure in the street rushed in with great torce and distinctness upon my me mory, while my subsequent expe rience in my study absolutely, for the time being, paralysed ali my reasoning faculties, although I am far from being a stranger to mys terious sights and sounds, in the reality of which I never believed, nor do I fully yet But what con clusion can I arrive at in this in stance ? As may be presumed the subject has been present with me ever since, and I now give it to the public in the hope that some expla nation may be offered in connection with it, rather than from any desire to make it notorious.' 