.SERIOUS MUGGINS, AND SILVER HEADED JACK. . . I . S / ! ,-' > il ' il ' <(FromÍTr. ïarjeon's nore! of "Grit: a Story of ( Colonial Life.") "I have seen'so many strange tilings since ""I havo been in the colony, and havo seen thc -colony itself pass through so many wonderful tphases, that I. sometimes grow bewildered wten rthink of thom, and am apt to confuse .ono thing with another; When I am walk- ing through Melbourne streets, my memory . often carries mo back to tho time, and that iaot vëry-long ago, whon wbataro now.magni- ficent,'" broad thoroughfares, lined with sub- stantial buildings, were but tangled bush, in rwhiph ono .might lose oneself without rouoh ttrquble. No fairy story can excel, in its îmagioatiye détails, tho .rapid and wondrous -changes that have passed over Victoria, since 'the gold discovery.'.''WherG'tho' banks trans- act'tháVbnsincss-.wh^^ enables thom to pay dwenty por .rcónt.: j where merchants trade .*aad- -negotiatefor ; shipments from all farts! of .'tho; world; where copies of London >and;. Paris swells promenade; and where /fashion .parades from morning to night-tho .Aboriginal stalked but yesterday in all his «dirty savagery. You might have seen, plonty '«ot them aI dozen'years ago,'with their boorae '»angs^ arid their dirty blankets (a luxury Hfhich'ali did not 'possoss), and their blaok -eyes glittering from beneath their,dark hair; "'.you zia á'y livé^in Melbourne now foryears, and i 'not see a single memento of the original, pos .<.BeBsor.of.tbe sp}l. - They aro fast dying out, «nd by and-bye they will live only in tho tra- ditions pf the country. . I could toll you some .i8tóries¡about. them.that would ! make you .^vhistle-^j'beg your pardon '; I forgot that "!I;was'speaking to a lady.1 What I am going "to toll you 'now 1 is the ; story of Silvor ''beaded Jack; ' He was a: mate of minó: on »tho"" Echuca ' gold-diggings. . Not ..? silvor < beaded: at that ' time/ for . ho .had - the ..glossiest curls I ever saw. .There .wero three -of us "together; mysolf, Silver-headed Jack, «nd Serious Muggins. ..' Serious Muggins'was .not'his "proper name, you knowj but tho' dig ' ..ger's have a' t'nnek of christening each other «new when they cbmo together, and a'namo, .once bestowed, sticks td a fellow all óvor tho Colony. ' 'Serious Muggins had como out with 'Silver-headed Jack, and had got that title tccause ho, never smiled. He and Jack had %een friends and companions at home, as you will, find out presently. . They wero both «bout - the same age and of tho same ^uildj hut you;could not well imagine a greater contrast between any two men than. ;tho, contrast botweeñ Serious .Muggins and -"Silver-headed Jack. . Silver-headed Jack was salways smiling ; Serious Muggins was always :. 'frowning. If you could hávo.. transferred the ^smile from the face of Silver-headed Jack to that of Serious Muggins, I believe that Mug- gins would havo been by far the handsomer mari of the two j os it was, ho was by far the uglier, j iWfaoe is nothing, mates j what tells is the^èxprfessibh that lights it up. If you'll exouso my being poetical, I should say that tfcho faco of Silver-headed Jaok was like a bright ?day, and the" face of serious Muggins like a. .dark night. "Well, we worked together on the ^Eohu'oa for nearly six months ; and if bad luck 3iád ever haunted one, and stuck : to one, and ^worried one, and wouldn't go away from one, Tjâdiluck did'all that to us. 'Floored ¿again,' ,said Silver-headed Jaok, as wo sat -down at night to our mutton, and tea, and -damper, and.not muoh of those ; ' I wonder if .we shall ever get arise? Lizzie will die .an «old maid, and.I shall dio an..old bachelor, if 'duck doesn't ohange.' ' Or sho will bo tired of ?waiting,'. said Serious Muggins,..'and marry ¡«soma one else.' ' She will .never do that, as ? ;yott know.very well,'-returned Jack; 'when, I write homc-IiWill toll her what you say.' -Serious Muggins did not reply ; but a. darker ,';Bbade stole over bis countenance. ; You. may igucss from this that. Silver-headed Jack/was in ilove. He .bad. como away from homo, -be «trothed to a young girl, whoss face, judg- ing from the picture he had of-her, was just ; 'the facethat any one might fall Jn love with, «nd bo proud of. Now, let me tell you what gleamed at that.timo, from my own ob- servation., , Serious Muggins and Silvor iheaded Jack had como out from tho same vil- lage, had been schoolmates and companions all Ttbeir , liycs, . and were both in love with tho ¡«ame girl. Jack made nb secret pf. his attach- ement; .his friend kept 'his' locked up in .his ^breast. Yet I believe that if over there was a arian madly in Jove, and if ever there was! a vinan madly jealous of tho lovo ho coveted, and , "which ..was given tb another, that man was ¡ SeriousíMuggins. He had so possessed him Veelif with the love ho boro to her that his lips .-would quiver,' and 'every feature' in his, fa'oo .ivould. twitph, "when bb \ saw;'' ,(as '. he «áwr °dáily) ' ,SiÍvor-headed Jack fakó her Setters from, his pboketi . and ' read thom ; -and often, when Jack read aloud little scraps .'from thom, . ho 'would go ' out'.'of tho'tont.ab »iuptiy, .and make bimsolf mad "with drink at tsbmo grog shanty. Silver-headed Jaok could çnpt :help: seeing this and taking police of it, \ o'ut:Be.'did :nQtput tho same obnsttuction upon '.iiias.'l did; J<Poor,.fellow,' he. would soy «úpon auch occasions. ' You soe, Jamie,1 ho ' -was in lovo''' with her, too,' but'sho wouldn't .'Lave anything to say to him. I don't wonder. Sb; preys' upon him ; I know it would drive ino mad,' if Twas to loso her. It ÍB her lovo ifbrmei and the thought of our being together ?'*by and by,- that keops me' good, God bless cher !' ' 'I.' '''couldn't help admiring ' the .young fellow;'and wishing him success. I never, flike'd'i;Soridus'.Muggins.' .'.' I always believed .»tnaVif.ieVoulddo Silvor-hoadèd Jack antill ^nthï;bô wöu]d not soruple to do it; and-Ihad . obsbrvod that tho effects'of our ill-luok'wero .différent'1 upon tho two. Serious Muggins, «ètually''»seemed pleased that wo'were1 not, rflucccíBfnl;'^;.'Wo caine at last upon ?a'very ri oh 'patch-so riob,: 'that* I- almost 'danced with ' delight- when I handled tho Tgbldon'Véined''lumps bf Btbno.'. »That will rgivo mo flVe "hundred pounds' for; . my sh are,' said Silver-headed Jaok. ' I shall putta good rwages mnmin .tho clnim¿ and,go homo, to Ûud" . out why Lizzie has not.written to mo.- I. can't -holp,thinking, there is somonunderhaná work . going on.' .iVPbsa 1 aaid , Serious ; Muggins. rf.She's,, tired , of, waiting,'; and . has mar aaried I. some .....ono , else. .You.. d(.n't.:-think f a gir),will;wait,.for a man; until .she grows to i De.; an ol4; woman, do you.?': ' I don't : know I'-wbat, girls will,pr wil{, not ;do,'.said Siller-? ¡headed, Jack; 'Lbut l know-that my Lizzie .^ould ^ wajt .for me all her life, ,,1'm almost brightened to* go homo for fear of hearing »hat (Something has happened to hor. The world .Wouldn't : bp worth living, in,.without ber.' f Have you, written to her ?' I asked. * Yes, regularly,,, Only think of .my working. all these ? years, and ; never till .now ¡ having, the means,,,to Bend,-.for her,, and after njl..not to know_'if: shej is, dead or alive.';- f jamie/ he: said to me, ' if I was to hoar that , she was, doad, I'm Bura I should go mad, or sornething; droadful would happen to me. You, can'tj think how-I'vo sot my heart.on my, Lizzie'i . . . . . . The. crushing, of. thatj forty tons pf quartz, took nearly, four days; and four nights. ' I'vo got bad-news for you,j Jaok,' said Muggins, ono day. ,' What news ?*, .asked Jack, dropping tho gold,, and turning quito palo. 'About Lizzie' , ',VToII, man,, 1 go. on.' 'She's dead,, Jaok/. said? Mugginb,! looking as wbito as Jack himself, jaok dido.';' say a word, but dropped-into his seat tremj hiing, and .ooyorod his faoo. I beokoned to Sprious Muggins, and wo stolo out of tho tont I thought it was best to lot Jaok fight witli his grief, alone. I knew what a, ¡blow.'tliis was,to him. ; , Ho bad not.been, working,for himself, but for his Lizzie-;, and just afc tho moment of success, to boar.that sbo'.was.dcad -it was terrible..- Ho was in a dreadful bad way , about it. As'I sat outsido the, tent smoking, I heard him . talking to , himself, strangely. ,, We, 'had , ,left... tho ,' cake ! pf gold upon tho tablp. :. 'iou glittering devil/. , I . heard:,, him,",say, jfwhy i. 'did you, lure me . away; from , my. ;j Lizzie? If it hadn't boon for ypu,T should, noyer havp loft home, and wo should havo been together now. What would it ; have;.mattered .if' we had been poor?. -Why;did I fly from happi- ness to you, you false, cruel devil ?' IfWouldn't have him disturbed tho whola pf. that night. I know, all, tho talking in.tho world wouli'nt easo him.. . But when I.saw him in the morn- ing, I started hack in,a fright,.; Ho,was sit- ting, upon,tho'nenoh, with his facp,resting in his hands/staring fixedly at the cake of gold. He had evidently not moved during the whole night, and during that night his hair had turned as white as silver 1., That was ;how h'e got;, to be called . r Silver- headed Jaok. I .tried; to ; rouse ..him, but .tho, an- swers he. gaye , mo wero sp vague and. wandering that I began,to bo afraid ho had gono mad. I saw at onco that ho was ;very ill, so I; ran for. a doctor, who told mo that my mate. had gono ? in \ strong for tho brain fever. Suro , enough, ho 'had,.too. Wo thought he would never haye come put pf it, and it's my beliof to this dry that he never would, if ono of tho strangest things hadn't happened. I should say it was six weeks , after Jack had been struok down. I had nursed him all tho time (he wouldn't let Serious Muggins como near him), and tho doctor said ho couldn't last another woek. How poor Jack rayed while in that fever !. I wonder "that my hair didn't turn white through tho frights ho used to give rap 1- He used to fancy Lizzie was in tho tent with him, and he talked to her so naturally, somej timos waiting for._. her answers, that, during his pauses, " I used to turn my hoad,,' 'half expecting to seo Lizzie's white shade at my shoulder. I was sitting by tho door of tho tent ono evening, listening to Jack's mutter- ings, for his tonguo never seemed to stop ; I was very troubled, for you sce-L liked; jack amazingly, and I pitied him, and could sym- pathise with him, for, as I told you, I have been in lovo myself. ' Of coursé, my pipe'was in my mouth. What should wo^do without tobacco, I wonder ! ' Well, on this evening, I was Bitting at the door of tho tent, when who should I seo coming along tho gully where our tent was pitched but a woman. Our tent was nearly at the foot of; . tho; 'gully, and of course there, was a . hill shelving into it. , I saw the woman :at tho first point of sight on that hill, and it almost seemed as if she carno out of tho sunlight, There were half a dozen tonts scattered about, and sho stopped at, ono of them and asked somothing. Imagine m'y surprise, when I sajn .thc digger to whom she had spoken point tc our tent, and wben I saw.her walking quickly towards mo.' She was a pretty, inodèst-look ing lassie, and had a quiet, self-possessed ail about.her, which took mo mightily. I wai thinking. over in my mind all sorts ol things ,as tb her, when she' oam< 'up.'' My hair stood' on ond, and' mj knees' began tb shake, for- I had seen thi pioturo Silvor-headod -Jaok - Bet such groa storo on, and this lassie's faco so resembled it I that I thought I was lpoking at a ghost. ? ] believe, if I hadn't been so pompletoly dumb ¡foundered, -t should have run away. 'Doei .john - Stavely live here ?' asked my ghost John Stavely was Silver-headed Jack's propel name. ' Ho's living here, miss/ said I, ' ant he's dying hero.' * My God 1' she cxolaimcd and asshe, staggered, I caught- her , in nv arms. 'Don't. tell mo... that I', Í Who .ar you ?. I as"kcd. 'My name is Elizabeth True love/ she answered. " 'Jack's Lizzie I* I cried ' Yes/ "she' said. ' Don't tell'tao' tba ho's dying.' 'He's dying because h hoard : ;that you were dead/. .'. I/.said .-' You aren't dead, aro you ?' 'No/ she said holding -out her band. À trúo woman's love able little hand-real pleasant -'flesh.'; at* blood. ' I think I can soe through it/ I said when I was convinced > sho . wasn't a .ghost 'Jack's very i ill. If. anybody can save him you oan. But don't ;be- frightoned , when yo seo him. He .is much ohangod. . His bai turned snow whito the night ho heard yo word doad/ I have boon his nurse till no\s You may as woll go in and take my place Sho glided past mo and I .walked away. j wont, straight to whero I know ,I should fin Serious Muggins. Ho was in a'conccrt-roon drinking with à lot of diggers'. I went u to him quito coolly, and'- 'slapped ' hi face.. : Ho started;to his feet,', an asked what I), meant by it ?v :.'You'r a lying , acoundrpl/., I., said ; ( and if yo don't understand what Í meant by th 'first tap,'I'll give 'you 'another/1 '' And1! gav him another-a pretty - smart' ono thia timi He was 'bound to fight,.you seo; ?'.. «We wer outside, and tho diggers made a ringi; > /.Nov mates/ I said, ns I was tuokjng up my sloevés ho had stripped off his shift.' f You all Imp me pretty woll. I have never donó aJ dirt notion.in my lifo, and I novor moan to do obi This follow has_donp_tho moanost thing I eye heard of. When I havo polishodhim off, I'll to you what it is, : And" that}, if you don't thlbk Lave dono right, you eau throw mo in ¡tl orcok if you liko.' Serious Muggins fougl liken devil.-I.must do him the justice to sa; that ho was, physically, a braye; man, ; But 1 had boen drinking for a good many week' and that told on him. I don't think I ghoul liàyo.'liokod him. but for! that.''AV it ifas; after1' an hour's,bard 'fighting,' when * I'-'was pretty well dorie myself, ho threw up his anns' .Thon, I told tho diggers the trick lie had played Silver-hoadod Jack j and how tho woman ho had said was dead was nursing my mate at tho .moment I was speaking. ? If Muggins hadn't been lying nearly dead on tho ground, thoy'd havo1 tarred arid feathërod him;. ?. ' Aa'.it was,'they deolarod they would do so the next day. But tho next ! day he-was gone, and I never heard anything moro of him. He left a rich olaim behind him, and it"rwas out of share of that olaim I, bought my first team When I got baok to tho tent, there was!Lizzy Truelove nursing poor Jack as tenderly-as-a woman, I" was going to say. - That-would, havo boeu a nico-bull, wouldn't it ? Do you, know,-that although she hadn't been.in. the ?tent two hours, it had got quito a different look.iri that short timó. . What à little trea- sure that woman is 1, It did me good to look at her I ,,It appears that Muggins, had inter- cepted all tho letters; and. Lizzie, juneasy at not hearing from Jack, and being suro" of his constanoy, had'.como out by herself, to learn' ¡what had become of him.";' That' .was faithful lovo, wasn't it?';' I don't think -I have any ¿ocasión to tell you that Jaok' ! got ' well. He did get well, and ho ' married his Lizzie .'after, all. Hè gave, up his own riamo, dud jtbok her's!. when!.thpy' were_married, -, But although ho calls' himself John Tr'uelovo, everybody else .calls him, Silvor-hoadód ( Jack'." 