SYDNEY INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY. Tue annual meeting of subscribers to tho Sydney Infir mary and Dispensary was held, on Wednesday evening, in St, Janice's schoolroom, CasUereagh-street. The attendance was cot very numerous, but the weather was inclement. Among Uoee present were the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, the Kev. G. H. Moieton, the Hon. George Allen, M.L.C. ; Mr. A. Dick, the Rev. A. H. Stephen, Mr. Alexander, MX.A. ; Dr. M'Kay, Dr. Roberts, Dr. Alleyne, Dr. Bedford, Dr. Renwick, Dr. Jenes, Dr. Aaron, the Hon. E. C. Weekes, M.L.C. ; Mr. B. Stewart, M.L.A.. and the fiev. J. Milne. The chair was taken by the Hon. Geoece Allen, who read the advertisement culling the meeting, and expressed bis regret at tbe absence of the Hon. E. Deaa Thomson, M.L.C., who bad been forbidden by his medical attendant to leave bis borne in consequence of the state of the weather. He then called upon Mr. Dick, who read the following BEPOBT. Tbe Board arc happy to report considerable improvements both in the buildinge and in the internal economy of the house, — Beveral of the departments having undergone a reorganisation which already promisee good results. They regret tbat they cannot yet report the completion of the new wing, so urgently required to meet the increased demands upon tic Institution, and to offord facilities for a better classifi cation of patients. The work Is, however, in progress, under tbe able direction of Mr. Hume,— tenders for the excavation of tbe foundations having been advertised for. Among the alterations and improvements that have been made iDoy ateo be enumerated tbe utilisation of a space under tbe south irintr, wbich, by excavation and a small outlay, has afforded additional accommodation for servants, and a new store room. Improvements hare been effected also in the matron's store room. A new stove has been erected in the kitchen, and gas baa been laid on at tbe dis peneary. VariouE matters connected with the medical arrangements of the house, end vrith the general domestic economy, have through out tbe year engaged tbe uttcntion of the directors. Tht-y have felt that tbe Infirmary was, to a great extent, diverted from its proper objects, by the retention of so large a number of chronic cases, which has excluded those of an acute cbaiacter, and thus prevented the institution from extending its bcLcfils to eo large a number of patients as it might treat during the year, and, consequently, from giving that complete relief it might dlhrraise afford. They Lave been in communication with the Government in refmnce to thit matter, and have to acknowledge thankfully the nlicf afforded, to some ixtcnl, by the removal of a few such cases to the Government institution at Port Macquarie. Wore complete provision will, however, require to be made bciire the Infirmary will be in a position to concentrate its efforts more particularly on Uiosc it can fully and permanently benefit. Assisted by tbe Honorary Medical Staff (who have always been ready with their lime and valuable counsels), tUe directors have aguin had undtr consideration an improved fcystom of nursing, amended dietary arrangements, with alterations that have 6eeraed detiraule in the regulation of the wards, and in the general inter nal economy of the house. The Government bare relieved the Board from some difficulty, so fur as the expense of obtaining trained nurscn from England is concerned, by liberally, without solicitation, taking steps for the selection of duly qualified persons for this office, and making provision for their outfit and passage to the colony. Considerable difficulty, however, has been experienced in procuring nurses of tbe standard of qualifications sought for; and come delay may be anticipated yet in accomplishing so desirable an object. Negotiations have been renewed with the Senate of tbe Sydney University, and further steps taken towards tho establishment of a medical school in oonneotion with the Infirmary. This would mulciially Increase the benefits the institution has rendered to Ibe community, by subserving the interests of science, and making the extensive observation of disease, to be obtained in the numerous and vnrjed cases under treatment, a measure towards training a native i;.i nlty. The increased demands on tbe Infirmary, and especially the extension of the benefits of the Dispensary, nave nooisltalod the appointment of an additional dispenser. Mr. James has been appointed to this office, at a salary of £190 per annum. The directors have to mention, with muoh regret, the deaths of Mr Hugh Houston,^ out' surgeon, and of Mrs. Ohosi, tdatroti df the inilitutlon. Thcii' faithful and efficient services doting twenty-two yeara ?were »'fllly appreciated fcytfce directors, who, during tbetc years, watebva over the interests of the Infirmary, and the present Board plactd on the minutes an expression of tbclr appreciation of serrict's so long and faithfully rendered, m.d of the ]me sustained by the institution. Tonllthcec vacancies the Board have eleotcdUr. J. H.Gray es house surgeon, ana Mrs. Blake as matron. They arc happy to say that all that has oome under their Botice has folly jastuted the choice they have made. TUe removal, by death, of the two offiaUU above mentioned, and the inquiries into the management of the house deemed necessary to guide the directors to the best method of supplying the vacan cies, have led them to propose tbe following changes in the domestic and medical administration of the institution. It has been fonnd tbat the duties discharged by the late Dr. IlouetoD arc too onerous for one. The directors propose to divide tbcfc dutieB between two officials— a resident pbvsician, and a resident surgeon— eacU.to receive a salary of £200 per annum, with quarters and rutione. The e-mcrpencics of the house, and the overtaxed strength of the present house surgeon, have compelled the Board to advertise fora resident physician, trusting that the subscribers would re cognise ibe necessity that prompted them, and confirm their oppointment. 1 or more complete enpcrvision and responsibility, for the con duct cf tbe servants ar.d tbe manifold details of domestic manage ment, it bos been thought advisable to propose the appointment of a paid superintendent to act as secretary, to exercise control over all the servants of the house, and have a generil oversight of all the details of management. ltctolulions in regard to this and several proposed alterations will, this evening, be submitted to you. Two ihmgs of great importance which have occupied the attention of ihe directors have been the revising of the rules, to bring them into baimony with the changes already made, and those contemplated, und the preparation of a Bill of Inc trpora ticc for Ibe institution, which bos been prepared though Dot as yet parsed. Jn ccLnrclion with both of thcFC tic Board have to acknowledge great obligation lo Mr. Dick, who, in addition to bis well known legal ability, bas kindly given much time and labour to the armcgirie; a*Dd compilation of the above. In announcing tbc resignation ef the Rev. Jebn Dongall and M. II. bUnbcn, Esq., who have for go many years held the office of joint stcrctaries, the directors feel tbat they are only anticipat ing tbe wi»bcs of the subscribers by recording, in this report, their eeCEC of the services eo ably and zealously rendered to the institution by Uic£c gentlemen, who have devoted much valuable time to the furtherance of its interests. The dircctois arc happy to say that though there has been a slight fnllxg-off in the number of old subscribers, these have been more than compensated by tbe new ones. Of donations they have to acknowledge the following :— The late Mrs. Ghost, £100 ; from Mrs. Stocker, in Scotland, whose son died in the Infirmary, £30 ; from Mr. J. M'Dermott, whoBe wife was an inmate, £20 ; from Mr. F. Senior, 100 trusses ; from Mr. Slopcr, Woolloomooloo, a gas stove ; a parcel of rack combs and a package of arrowroot from Mr. J. D. lloldsworth ; a parcel of linen from Mr. It. A. A. Morchcad, and supplies of vege tables from Mr. Baptist. The directors have to recommend to the thanks of the sub scribers the lion, medical officers, who, amid the claimB of private practice, have devoted so much time and labour in carry ing out the objects of the Infirmary. They liavc to express their satisfaction wits the way in which the distiict surgeons have discharged their duties. The following are tbc statistics usually presented to your notice in the annual report i — The number of patients admitted into the Infirmary during the last year lias been 1274. Tbc laigcst number of admissions was in the month of October, 122 ; the smallest in the month ol August, £7. The accidents and urgent cases have amounted to 235. There have been 22 operations performed. The number of deaths during the year has been 159. Of these many were moribund on admission. Tbe number of patients remaining in tie house on the 31st December, 1E6C, was lt»8 The number eifcoEes treated by Uic district surgeons, incon ncctien * itU the dispensary, bas amounted to 3U19. Of those 706 were visited ut their own homes. It will devolve upon you to confirm the new rules submitted for jour approval, to fleet the honorary officers and new directors lor the i muing year. Vacancies occur in tbe honorary medical staff, by the retire ment (by rotation) of Drs. Brown and Alleyne, honorary physicians, and of Messrs. Roberts and M'Kay, honorary LUlgtcns. These gentlemen are eligible for re-election. Vacancies also occur in the Dispensary by the retirement (by rotation) of Messrs. Moon and Graham, district surgeons for Cibbs, Brisbane, and I'hillip Wards. These gentlemen arc also eligible for re-election. The accounts of the Treasurer will be hud before you. The committee regret the increase in the expenditure daring tbe year, wbich, however, must be regarded as exceptional, the greatest supervision has been given to the purchase of stores and ti] ugs, and every effort at economy consistent with comfort has bem carried into effect, Tbe additional expense Uiat will necessarily be incurred in con nection with the new wing, coupled with new kitchen arrange ment and new dietary scale, urf^es the committee to appeal for a continuance of that support which has been liberally extended to the institution. Irir. John Smith, treasurer, read the financial state ment, which sbowed that the disbursements for the year amounted to £9572 7s. 2d., and the receipts to £6872 14s. Id. ; leaving a balance of £099 5s. 7d. due to bank. But against this they had in anticipation the receipt from Goversuient of several hundred pounds for pauper patienu. 1 te subscriptions for the past year amounted to £2000. Tbe securities deposited with the bank amounted to £5900. They had also £606 in the Samaritan Fond in the Savings' Bank. ? 