NATIONAL CHARACTER. [from THE 'WESTMINSTER GAZETTE.] There aro some tilings wliicn appear uimciut to express in exactly the same proportion in which they aro easy to conceive. A simplo ob ject can be seized at once by tho intelligence, but it is quite another thing to express it ac curately with tho pen. Multiplicity of words is somewhat antagonistic to simplicity of thought. A broken mirror may reflect the ob ject, but it will be in a multitudinous and fragmentary manner. This difficulty docs not always arise from the naturo of human speech. Wo often imagine wo possess very distinct no tions, till by some accidcnt we are forced to try our hand at putting them on paper. The very fact of taking up the pen seems to act as a dissolvent on our power of conception. Tho j vivid thought which we prided ourselves so much upon moves, and melts, and runs into a cloud and disappears tlie moment we attempt to throw it into words. I These notions possess a sort of affinity to ghosts, they disport themselves with all tho greater boldness iu proportion to tho imbecility of tho mind which tliey inhabit. The more vivid thoy are, so much the more difficult it is ! to grnsp them. But there aro other causes of this difficulty besides poverty of mind. Men may not only bo possessed by an idea, which, while it hauuts them, escapes their apprehen sion ; they may also conceive a notion which bears about it all tne notes 01 genuine inougui, nnd yet, when they attempt to seize hold of it, and force it into words, liko catching a pony in a field with a wisp of hay, it cleverly gives them the slip, and leaves them looking foolish, with the experiment to try again, with probably about llie same success. It is a much easier thing to repeat words than to fix tho mind steadily on thought. A parrot, wo pre sume, is not gifted with any power of analysis, or even with capacity to understand tho force of words. But a parrot can talk. To make use of words is ona thing, to understand them is another. Most animals can be taught to imitate certain sounds. Men are proverbially of the imitative class. Sheep do not walk more contentedly in each other's foot marks, than men follow each other in the groove of thought. To repeat what has been said before, without tho trouble of having thought it out, requires very little intellectual wear and tear. Most men aro simply echoes of another voice. Few think ; but all men talk, and theorise, and declaim. The less the in tellectual ballast, so much the more freely can tho tonguo disport itself. Now there are a variety of topics upon which men consider they have a right to speak. Of course matters of strict science, of theology, of jurisprudence, and such liko, are tho property of a certain class. But every man can talk of liberty, und progress, and free thought, and religion, and truth, nnd morality, and national character. These belong indiscriminately to all. These and kindred questions the multitude may tos3 about with as they please ; and no one is thought presumptuous who ventures an off hand opinion on them at a moment's notice. Men can speak fluently upon them and with ease. They have their opinions at their finger ends. They can go on arguing and beating round tho bush till they have fairly muddled themselves, and effectually puzzled everybody else. Where tho weight of thought is absent there tho consequent flow of -words begins. Now there is a certain class of subjects, upon which tlie public has so long mado up its mind, that is, upon which it has so j long ceased actively to think at all, ' that we have some hesitation in touching on it. We know well the force and inveteracy of habit. And we know thero is no force and in veteracy equal to & formula of words, which, by process of time and continual bandying about, has had all tho thought knocked out of it. One might just as well try to ward off the blows of ft blHdgeon with an enthymem as imnginc it possible to overcome tho immovable rigidity of' stereotyped pliraseology with argu ment or common sense. But, when to the inveteracy of habit, and the torpor of a satiated mind, is added the dictates of self-love, the case becomes ten' .times moro dilficult. Haw best tlie old formulas can be broken np, nnd the dried bones be decently buried away, while a new life of genuine thought can bo implanted, is a problem which requires solution. We clearly see tho delicacy of the task. Our thorough appreciation of it at onco accounts for so long au introduction. N«w there is no imaginable question on which an Englishman thinks he has a greater right to speak than on the na tional character. And yet, of all others, this is a subject in which the difficulties we have just mentioned find a placo. No matter ; the Englishman's views, liko a Newfoundland cod, have long ago been cat and dried for him. He wants n» schooling on this point. It is simply preposterous to imagine that he does not know the very people amongst whom he has been bred and born, and is incapable of understanding them. Askhimandhowilltellyou at once that an Englishman is honest, manly, straightforward, and truthful. He is the mag nanimous man. He possesses this noblest national gifts of any man under the sun. Ho is plodding and persevering, and indomitable. He is the ancient Roman Angli cised. He is comparatively the most perfect type of human, nature that has been created. He has his faults, but so have others. He has done injustice, but who lias not? Ho mny be a sinner, but he is tho noblest of sinners. His worth is seen in the works of his head and hands. In the fruit of his thought, in th« re sults of I113 skill, and the enterprise of his com merce. His strong, hard, practical sense, his stubborn energy have mado him take the hrst placo in the race, and carry away the prize. Such are the commonplaces which are con tinually repeated to tho echo. They have been uttered a thousand times, and it is ploasant, and requires no thought to utter them again. To Bay we are the first people in the world, and to carry so pleasant a proposition by accla mation, and to raise it almost to ^ a national axiom, is quite in accordance with tho build of the public mind. Men do not object to flatter tho national vanity at so trifling an intellectual cost. But this mis erable and weary repetition, besides encoura ging a sickly vanity, superinduces a very unhealthy stagnation of mind — a stagnation of mind upon a subject of tho most vital national importance. If men allow their minds to crust over with unmeaning platitudes, they will never know anything of what lies beneath tho surface. The traditional opinion of our superior worth is most likely to engender self deception. It is so pleasing to indulge in' these dreams of our own virtue and perfection, that they all tho easier occupy tbe place of healthy thought. Have wo advanced in our knowledgo of the national character within tho last hundred years ? Have we not been content to take up tho cry which has been handed down by tradition, almost from time immemorial ; has any one made a Borious study of the Englishman ? Has any one takon so much interest in tho im provements of his character, as many havo in tho breed of sheop and oxen, in studying the habits and functions of animal creation ? If the character which we give oursolves is mainly true, are we to bo content with anything so vagno and general, so unsatisfactory for prac tical work ? Can our sayings of ourselves help ns in tho lenst ? The fact is, this is one t-f those points in which we play the parrot . Why not break through the crust and sink iuto the depth of this important subject ? For instance, do Englishmen nsk themselves such questions as theso ? And are they anxious for nn answer ? How is the national character formed ? What are its essentials ? Who is the model mnn? On whom should wo form ourselves 1 Is there mere than one typo ? Which is the most perfect ? Should we tend towards it ? Is the national character pagan or Christian, or a mixture of both ? Havo wo a clear idea of the character we should endeavor to dovolop in tho child ? What methods do wo make use of to elicit it in youth ? What aro the principles on tliiB point in our schools, nnd colleges and universities ? Is there any systematic process for forming men on a perfect model 1 What aro our aims, what our success ? Is there a model universally re ceived ; or is the English character formed imperceptibly by the various influences which surround his education — is ho fashioned iuto shape liko a number of pebbles shaken in a bag ; is it simply the result of friction ? or is it the spontaneous growth of the natural man ? or is any groat hero held up to imitation — Crom- well, or Newton, cr NoIbod, or Wellington? Theso nnd a thousand questions more suggest trains of thought as interestingand often equally important with themselves. Wo sincerely hope that sncli questions as those have been seriously thought upon and carefully discussed. If men have blindly followed tha picture of tradition they may possibly have fallen into serious error. The traditions of a race, and the radianco of national glory, are not always the best instruction of mankind. The type of national perfection may be an imperfect model. He who takes the accepted notion of an Eng lishman, however the Englishman may bo in advance of other national characters, takes as his pattern that which itself requires a fairer form and a more perfect finish. Ho who does not look above and beyond a nationality, is littlo better than the pngan Greek or Roman. Those sturdy pagans looked higher than tliis ; they looked with reverence 011 their gods, nnd strove to reach them. There was a Father hood above them which knit them into one nnd after which they strove. They moulded themselves on tho highest form they knew. Plato and Cicero, tbo model Greek aud the model Roman, held lofty notions of the righteous man. At times thoy almost appear to havo been visited by a vision of a higher and purer morality than their own, though they fell continually to earth, their tendency was heavenwards, and their writing sparkle here and there, in a startling manner, with a purer ray. The Greek especially had a more po lished and a lofter mind than our own, and the Romfin. thoutrli more masculino and liractical than the Greek, bears tho stamp upon it of Athenian cultivation. Tlio English mind is coarser and more material. Its elevation is duo to Christianity. A Skye Teiuuek. — What a world of bustle and excitement is there when a French poodlo or a German spitz meets a strange dog. My smooth terrier simply puts himself in a fight ing attitude ; if the stranger will try u round with him he is delighted to be able to accom modate him, if not he evidently regards liim as a snob and passes on. Skyo on the contrary, is too well bred even to express surprise ; he has caught tho manners of the drawingroom, and cuts all strange members of tlio canine family with an air of jaunty in difference. At tho same lime, if any of them ventures to growl at his beard, insinuate that his tail is not the finest in tho village, or in dulge in any other of the insulting tricks com mon amongst butcher dogs and dogs of tho lower orders in general, Skye is perfectly ready for a mill. — Once a J Veek. The Aehial Railway oveu New York. — This railway is to be supported by wrouglit-iron columns, one foot in diameter and fourteen foet high, secured in blocks of iron. Streets aro to be spanned with ornamental bridges. The motive force is to be supplied, remarks i;lie Court Journal, by engines of 30-horse power, placed in vaults beneath the streets at intervals of half a mile. Theso aro to work on an end less chain of wire rope, revolving over largo drums, extending about a 'quarter of a mile each way from tlio engines, and returning by an iron tube placed beneath the pavement. Tha carriages are to be of a peculiar construc tion, capable of being stopped at any moment by the conductor, with the application of a lever. Tlio stations are placed at equal distances from each other, and waiting rooms are to ho 011 n second floor of buildings adjoining. The railway passengers ascend and1 descend by staircases. It is said that tho Mayor of New York has some doubts as to the legality and power3 of the company, and has sot sanctioned the works. 