SUMMARY .01' NEWS. Mr. Tsze Hing, Chinese interpreter for the Beechworth district, has promised to deliver a lecture on the religions of the Chinese, which is likely to be curious and interesting. Willis, the Bank Manager at Tarnagulla, who was charged with stealing £2,000,- has been sentenced to two years' hard labour. The Melbourne Philharmonic Sociciety's concert was very successful. Mendelssohn's " Athalie" was. produced. Payable diggings have been found on Clarke's River, 250 mileir from Bowen. Water is scarce, and caution is recommended. If Green beats Hicke^ he intends chal - lenging Kellyi the Champion of England. Mr. Samuels accused the Treasurer of New South Wales of falsifying the public accounts. Mr. Eager admitted having erroneously ere. dited thu receipts with £200,000, with, out also showing a liability on the other side.. There was a warm discussion in the Vic toriah Assembly on a question; of br-ash of privilege for a paragraph in Friday's Age, stntfng that some members had asked 10 per cent;, and others £50 each, fbr votes in favor of Margrave's claim. , "A gentlemam named William Webster, said to be cdnnectedjas a partner with the largest Melbourne hoWe, was on Saturday last convicted at the Police Court, Portland, with having stolen a dog, the property'of John Keeping a farrier Tat Portland. The Bench iiiflicted afine of £10 and costs of witnesses. Mr. Webster was arresfed at Casterton, the dbg being with him in his buggy at the time. , The Tasfoanian mails for Adelaide were on board the filack Swan, but they, have since been recovered by divers. . i 5 Mr Goldmg; -Inspector of Talograpli Lines at Newcastle, has been killed un the Northern Railway. .' . i. Tim" Adelaide" ghost^-has been practising jt^lieY'df liis-^agariesi i> S heard in the 'r.^'m'iit' -a house in Topliam street, and afterwards a crash as of broken glass. The inhabitants rushed to the room, but found it empty and a pane of glass broken from the inside I Truly* a mischievous ghost 1 It w rumoured in Ballarat that £3,000 was sent to Melbourne for the purpose ot bribing members of PaHiament in connection \yith the dispute on the Royal Commission's recommen dations regarding mining-reserves. A telegram states:-" The Ballarat Circuit Court was opened to-day before Judge Barry, on the 14th inst. The neighbour hood of the Court was crowded with wit nesses, of whotn there are 60 in Burkes' murder case. - It is expected to, com o on to-morrow, and if finished by Thursday the trial of Manton for the Buninyong murder ease will be commenced. ;. 