THE LATE BANQUET. TO THE EDITOR OF TOE AGE. Sir, — As you most likely received your report on the banquet to the delegates, given on the 15th of this month, I beg leave to give to you and, by you, to the public, one or two con-ections of your report ia The Age of Saturday last past. First, I caused tho counting of tlio porsons present at that dinner, and the gentleman who performed that service is one that I can safely rely upon. Ho counted ninety (,™ ruivmno nf tnliln ™ flip qiHitirr ilnwn. nnd f.lvn more entered immediately. Mr Ireland declared those numbers upon the faith of the gentleman wh® counted and reported the numbers to me. I firmly believe that number to bo correct. The toast I gave was not worded as set down hy ycu, but was in these words : — ' To the Prosperity of the whole of tho Colonists of Australasia.'- I felt suiprised that tho toast of ' The Governor,' given by me, with its introduction and the very cordial outburst of kindly fooling it called forth, was not noticed ; nor the three preceding toasts : — ' The Queen,' ' The Prince and Princess' and ' The Army and Navy,' all well received. I did not state as my reason for retiring from the chair, that tho business of the meeting was over. I asked leave to retire on ac count of my asthmatic attacks, which I feared would injure me if I protracted my stay so late in tlio day, and added, most ef the toaEts have been given. I am happy to be able to report to you that the pro phecy that somo outbreak, like that referred to in The Age as having occurred at a dinner of old colonists, did not occur. Although those brilliant lights of tho age, tho Ministry, were not present, all passed off as such should pass when gentlemen meet together. It was a pity the division took place, but who really caused it will, ere long, be demonstrated clearly. 'Twas a sad blunder. Yours, &c.; JOHN P. FAWKNER, M.L.C. Chairman of Banquet. East Colling wood, 18tli March. having had any hand in perpetrating the ' sad blunder.' His conduct was altogether commend able. But he does not seem lo bo aware that, for the first time at a public gathering, the reporters were warned that they would not be allowed to ply their vocation. How could thoy, while debarred the use of pencil and note-book, give the exact words of the chairman — or any other man ? It would have been as reasonable to have called upon the ghost of Paganini to play the Carnival of Venice on no string at all 1 The reporters having nothing else to do, counted heads, and as they all agreed in their reckoning, we would rather believe them than Mr F.'s friend, who is nameless. — Er.] TnE Sources of Solar Light and Heat. — A re markable theory of Sir Jolm Herscliel's with re gard to tho nature of those curious objects dis covered by Mr Nasmyth on the surface of the sun, and generally called, from their peculiar shape, ' willow leaves,' was first propounded in an article 011 tho sun, published in Good Words. However wild the hypothesis may appear, it lias just received a further sanction from its eminent author by its republication in his new book of ' Familiar Lectures.' Sir John says, ' Nothing remains but to consider them (tho so-called willow leaves) as separate and independent sheets, flakes, or scales, having some sort of solidity. And theso flakes, be they what tliay may, and whatever may be said about the dashing of meteoric stones into the sun's atmosphere, Arc., nre evidently llic immediate sources of the solar light and heat by whatever mechanisms or whatever processes thoy may be enabled to develop and, as it were, elaborate theso elements from tho bosom of tbo non-luminous fluid in which thoy appear to float. Looked at in this point of view, we cannot refuso lo regard them as organisms of some peculiar and amazing kind ; and though it would be too daring to speak of such organisation as partaking of tho nature of life, yet we do know that vital action is competent to de velop both heat, light, and electricity,' Strange and startling as is such an explanation, yet scientific men will remember that when wo knew as littlo about the cause of the black lines seen 111 tho spec-, trurn of the sun as we now know about these ap pearances on the sun itself, Sir Jolui Herschol sug gested in 1833 that evory explanation which was tho foundation of the memorable law announced by the German philosopher Kircbliofl, in 1859 ; a law now universally accepted as affording a perfect solution to the loiig-stiuiding puzzle of Frannhbfer's lines. — Reader. 