A STRANGE WILL CASE. —Mrs. Ann Thwaitcs, whddopnfted - this: lifq in t'jo.y'oar 1866 whs" the ividqw' "ofapros- peroiis /tea 'morbhantC' of L6ndoh','.'..'nnd the fortunate; possossor of about £400,000. Silo had, at tho time of -Iter death, a sister, .Mrs; Tebkitt, and several nephews and niecos. To thorn, as woll qs to olmOst everybody, jit would appear, with ' whom '.she bad over come . into contaot,' she toft small legacies, The. bulk of hor property' she bequeathed to Mr.- John 8ims Smith,, a me'dioal gontlomon who had onoe brought her through a dangerous sickness, and, 10 liis brother, Air. Somucl Smitli. ivjio had been for . several years tlio . ninnnger of hot properly. Tlio 'probate 'of tho will offered by; thqaq,tw.Q.genilemen was. resisted, by, tha. heirs - at'law7(in-the grounds that the iustruhibbt had been p"roonred""hy>nndue influence, and tli/it the deceased was uot of sound disposing in ind. At . our last reports t)io London Court of _Probato. had the onso still under advisement Gn the point of undue influonco no testimonv tuns, fur, sooms to have beon- elicited whiih ought to, slmko the validity of tho doonniont in dispute; but of tlio insanity of tho testatrix -there can hardly, be uny rational doubt. It j, truo that a great many witneseo 1— several of them, to bo sure, legatees under the will horo testimony to tho worthy widow's shrewdness in monoy matters, and sharp, business-like habits Air. Edward Smith, son of tlio medical gentle man foromontiunod thought he had novor known a saner woman ; but thon alio had given him £10,000. A surgeon; gavo a favourable opinion of her of mind, and her eminent ability as a whist-player. But there wore some awkwnrd facts to. set off against tlieso opinions. In . tliq.. first, place, .. Alrs,- Tliwaitcs believed herself to bo the Holy Ghost Mr. John Sims Smith, alio said, was God the Father. Hor ideas as to the Trinity, how- over, were rather fuggy, for she had faith, also, in-an-lnvisible Creator; and when her husband iliod she .refused to put on mourning for him becnusojie was the devil.. She was seven degrees above God, who could do nothing with j out her: ana if film AiaA n l # ?'», «uuu0 VkUUlU cooo again.. Fortunately, hotvovor, she- was immortal. She furnished ; npartmonts jn her . Q-nrdend at an expense > o . -,eIP00''ng tQ '"ft delivered there of the Suvtour of the world. In a few yeara she was to come into possession of Buckingham Pulaco and Windsor Custio. When sho, hotuinod dusters, as she did.sotnotimes in a state of. temporary blindness, God put tho needle. in at ono sido .of tho oloth and the devil drow.it at tho other. <f I have power," said she one .day, " over the whole of ercation. It was through tttno the cholera , came. Jly Father said to mo, 'My dear, turn on the screw,' and the bholera came. After that he said, 1 Turn it off,' end then . it disappeared. Her husband she had drawn through the moot! "he his own gross qtoolricityond through the dar. > volcanoes of tho earth, and ho now reignl - gjllg of lhe .DeyH_...Ifjha.israt.jarpla»iul.lrow . "to pot, she used' "to, speak to Gtod about tho .matter, and ho would say, " My, -dear, do so and , so, and I will soo you through," .: Taking tlieso. astounding hallucinations in connaotion with" tho fact that she eherish'X antqjosijy itoward most of her relations, (no oannot .easily boli.evod that with ali her shreld- qess,.. and - business habilu,- and-cieverneas at — whist, she was a vory fit person to dispose of tho, largo sum of money .which ihq inherited from hep. htmtmnd. w fTu TT.rvr riM »» The equn8el for tho propoqents seem to havo relied qhiefly on tho argument l.hat.abberralions upon cortain particular points, or as one of the " advoa i tea mildly expressed it, "oertain mystical and peculiar vipws of religion," were .tn.jio manper.inconsistent pith gonqral sonnd- " neas of mind ; so that Airs. Thwaitcs," in spito of lier enthusiastic sontiments, was quite as capable of making a will as John Bunynn, or Siypdenborg, or Dr. Cummiog. We venture little in predloting that lew persons will agree with this opinion. Wo have no doubt that the "popular- verdict has awardod the right to this crazy old lady'a money, not to tho two gontlo mon to-whom she willed it, but to her legal representatives. The decision of the court, jwi.ll bo awaited .with.some interest, indeod, wo may say in general, the phenomena I of mental pathology, still offer, rich fields 1 f investigation. The tox practices of. most modern courts,, both criminal and probate, JXquir,e._a_tlinr.oiigli_and_6cientifio_corrcotioii. However the. Tliwnites onso may turn out, it is well known that the prevailing tendency of the tribunals is to restrict a testator's, power of I giving away his own proporty when there is a I reasonable oauso -for suspecting his mental I capacity. I A Csntenabtah.— There loaves Burrowa I to-day, for the' Yass hospital, one whosd ear' I I life was frauglit with many strange and ihjdll.-vj I 'a'dvohfures. "Jblitf 'Cfiarlo'a Hdnry Gardner 'I Slountjny was born in the eounty of Cork, I -Irelund, on 1st January, 1768'; arrived in this l colony in "October, 1809, and has been a rcsi- I dent of this locality, sinco tho year 1883. In I earlyjifo. he. belonged to the Society qf Friends, I -and- fallowedthoooeoupation of jeweller; "but, I becoming involved in the distnrbBnces of '98, I ho .was .tried, with five othors, for the shooting I of a Protestant clergyman named Tisdale, I found gniity, and sentenced to ho cxeouted at I "Plnnpiel gaol., Tlio account, of his I miraoiiloiis escape from death belongs rathtr I to the ideal than tho real ; for he states that I bo, with his five ossociates," were placed on the I .fatal drop, tho noose adjusted, nnd tho six men I wero oast off; bat, fortunately for him, tho I rope snapped, -and lie foil to tho ground, break- I ing both his legs. Ho was 'removed to" the I hospital, and shortly afterwards receivoil a I commutation of his. sentence to transportation I for, lifo. Although being in this lOflth yonr I . he hits retained tho full possession of nil- his I faoulties up to the present time, and hia ercot I form and stalwart proportions, show , that in I early lifo he was a man , possessed of ;immcnto I strength. His industry .ims beon almost with- I .out parullod, for up .to the last 'wetlc.be (con- I tinue'd to. support himself by doing small jobs, I suoh ns cleaning clocks, repairing tinware, &c.; I As liis glass is n'oty nearly run, it is to' lie bpped I that, tlio lew days that aro yet left him will bo I rendered as peucofiil as 'the ' 'dirciitttatanaes of I the institution will permit,— Oorfqspoodtnt .Yato Courier.' I 7.. An j, Tunufrrnioutj H.tjphpp— if.Arrah, I Jjmiliy, why did I marryyb ? jpsi tellimo llist ! I .for, it's mysolf, that's' jtad to/maintain . ye, ' over I sincii.tliqklcssed day. that Fathor O'Flanngnn I serit .iqq 'iiqrod tho yo'ro hduso,''- — j'Swnte jqwel'," yopjidd .'Jimmyil not -. jrali'sh'ing the I chargo, ,« iand!-it'.f . mysell that '. hopes I, jmay I liye .tooo'. the: day when' ye're a. widow, weep- I itig over the quid sod that covors me— then I I'll, soo . how you'll get along wHhoiit me, I honey I" ' ' Two boyB, one of thorn blind : of an" eye, I wero discoursing on tho merits of their respec- tivo matters. , " How many houra'do - yon got for stoop ?" said ODO.-T-'.'-Eigbt,!!. replied; the I other,-— " Eight ! why l only got fouri'1— I " Ah !" sal(l 'tho firit ; i" but ' re'oolledt yon havo only got' ona.eya to close, and. I have two;" . ' ' '-' 1 I Printed and Published by the J'roprictorl,' ALVRbl' 0 .ROBINSON and its JORDAN, at their PrM' I ng,0$ct, -Drayton-strnt, Dolby, in tht Cohnt 0 \- - if Queensland, 1 I — I 