THE CHUKCH OF ENGLAND. The following is the text of the circular letter of the Arch bishop of Canterbury, inviting the colonial bishops to attend a general Synod of the Church in London : — Lambeth Palace, February 22, 1SG7. ' Bight Reverend and dear Brother, — I request your presence at a meeting of the bishops in visible communion with the United Church of England and Ireland, purposed, God willing, to beholden at Lambeth, under my presidency, on the 24th of September next and the three following days. 'The circumstances under which I have resolved to issue tne present invitations are these The Metropolitan and I Bishops of Canada last year addressed to the two houses of ! the convocation of Canterbury the expression of their desire tbat I fhonld be moved to invite the Bishops of our Indian and colonial episcopate to meet myself and the home Bishops, for brotherly communion and conference. The consequence of that appeal has been that both houses of the convocation of my province have addressed to me their dutiful request that I wou d invite the attendance, not only of our own home and colonial bif bops, but of all who are avowedly in communion with eur Church. The same request was unanimously preferred to me at a numerous gathering: of English, Irish, and Colonial archbishops and biehops recently assembled at Lambeth, at which, I rejoice to record it, we had the counsels and concurrence of an eminent biEhopof the United States of America — the Bishop of Illinois. Moved by these requests, and by the expressed con currence therein of other members, both of the home and colonial episcopate, who could not be present at our meet ing, I have now resolved — not, I humbly trust, without the guidance of God the Holy Ghost — to grant this grave request, and call together the meeting thus earnestly desired. T greatly hope that you may be able to attend it* and to aid us with your presence and brotherly counsel thereat. 44 1 propose that on our assembling we should first solemnly seek the blessing of Almighty God on our gather ing, by uniting together in the highest acts of the Church's worship. After this, brotherly consultations will follow* In these, we may consider together many practical questions, the settlement of which would tend to the advancement of the kingdom of our Lord and Master Je6U6 Christ, and to the maintenance of greater union in our missionary work* and to increased intercommunion among ourselves. ' Such a meeting would not be competent to make decla« rations, or lay down definitions on points of doctrine. But united worship and common counsels would greatly tend to maintain^ practically the unity of the faith, whilst they would bind us in straiter bonds of peace and brotherly charity. 11 1 shall gladly receive from you a list of any subjects yon may wish to suggest to me for consideration and discussion*, Should you be unable to attend, and desire to commission any brother bishop to speak for you, I shall welcome him as your representative in our united deliberations. *' But 1 must once more express my earnest hope, that, on this solemn cccasion, I may navethegreatadvantageofyo&c; personal presence. 41 And now 1 commend this proposed meeting to your fer vent prayers ; and, humbly beseeching the blessing of . Almighty God on yourself and your diocese, I subscribe myself, ' Your faithful brother in the Lord, ? 4* C. T. Caxtuar.' 