NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY. July 23. The SPEAKER took the chair at twenty-seven minutes past 3 o'clock. " NEW MEMBER. Mr. GEORGE McKAY took the oath and his seat as member for Orange RAILWAY TO BATHURST, Mr. CUMMINGS asked the Secretary for Public Works, \- When will the Government call for tenders for the construction of the Great Western line of railroad from Solitary Creek to Bathurst ? " J Mr. BYRNES stated that the amount voted for the extension from Penrith to Bathurst was £600,000, and the amount expended to the 30th of June last was£554,110 12s. The estimated amount required to complete railway to the end of No. 6 contract (Rydal) was £375,000, Disking together £929,110 12s. This was £329,110 12s. in excess of the amount voted. The estimated amount required for the remaining thirty-four miles to carry the line into Bathurst was £400,000, making a total of £729,110 12s. still to be provided for the comple- tion of the line into Bathurst. It would be impossible, therefore, for the Government to call for tenders for the continuation of the line from Solitary Creek into Bathurst until the money should be voted by Parliament for that purpose, (Hear hear) SALE OF NEW SOUTH WALES DEBENTURES. Mr. THORNTON asked the Colonial Treasurer,-" 1. What information has he received us to the last sale in London, on account of the Government, of New South Wales debentures r 2. To what amount were tenders received or offered, at what rates, and what are the final averages? 3. Did those persons first tendering up to full amount required, have a preference over persons tendering subsequently, notwithstanding that these latter may have offered more liberal terms r 4. Did the tenders close" when the amount required had been reached : 5. Were additional tenders offered-if so, to what amount, and at what rates ? 6. How many days were occupied in receiving the tenders accepted 7 Whether the conditions as set forth in the advertisement in the Timm were instructed by this Government, or arranged by the Oriental Bank at home." Mr. EAGAR said the Government were not in possession of any information bearing upon the hon. member's questions Nos. 2 and G, which he was therefore unable to answer. With reference to question 1, the only information which the Government had was comprised in the advertisement issued by the Oriental Bank Corpora- tion, London, inviting tenders for the last debentures sold, and in the extract in the letter by the last mail, addressed to the Oriental Bank here by its London office, and communicated to him by the local manager on the 15th instant. These documents he now read for the information of the hon. member and the House. The advertisement was as follows :-" New South Wales Government Loan for £832,000. 1. The New South Wales Government by their agents, the Oriental Bank Corporation, offer for disposal by tender the above loan, which is a charge on the Consoli- dated Revenue of the colony, authorised by the Acts of the Colonial Legislature 26 Victoria No. 14, and 27 Victoria No. 14 2. The loan is to be issued in bonds of £100, £500, and £1000 each, bearing interest at 5 per cent, per annum, from 1st January, 1867, payable by coupons half-yearly in Sydney and London, the principal money to be paid off on the 1st January, 1896, 3. Copies of the Acts and bonds can be seen at the office of the agents. 4. The lowest price that will be accepted for the bonds is £85 10s. for every £100, and the terms of issue are £10 per cent, on application, £25 per cent, on the 1st July lees coupon of £2 10s,, £25 per cent, on the 2nd of September, £25 10s. per cent, on the 2nd of December : total, £85 10s. 5. Scrip certificate will be issued to subscribers on allotment and exchanged for bonds on the payment of instalments in full. 6. Subscribers paying in, full on allotment, or at the dates of the several instalments, will receive a discount of' 5 per cent, on their payments. 7\. The above loans are for the construction of public works in the colony of New South Wales of a reproductive character, including railways, telegraphs, harbours, river navigation, and roads. S. All tenders must be in the enclosed form, and will be received by the agents for the loan on and after Monday next, until the amount of the loan is subscribed, but not beyond the 20th instant, at 2 o'clock. All applications will be recorded and considered strictly in the order in which they are received. 9\. Forms of tender can be received from the agents of the loan, and from the brokers, Messrs. Steer, Lawford, and Cureton, and Messrs. J. and A. Scrimgeour. Oriental Bank Corporation, Threadneedle-street, 10th May, 1867. Form of application to the Oriental Bank Corporation 34 enclose the sum of 5 and request that you will allot me a of the New South Wales Government a loan, authorised by the Acts 29 Vict., No. 14, and 27th Vict. No. 14. * And I hereby agree to accept such bonds as may be allotted to me, and to pay instalments when due in terms of your advertisement of 10th May, 1867. I am, your obedient servant. Name in full-; profession or business- ; address-; date-." The following was the extract from the letter from the Oriental Bank Corporation, in London, to the Oriental Bank, Sydney, Landed to the Treasurer on the 15th July, 1867 : " On the 10th of May, so soon as it appeared probable that peace would be maintained, we resolved to advertise the loan of .£832,600, as we had previously advised you. The enclosed advertisement will acquaint you with the terms of issue, and you will see that the instalments reach up to the 1st of December next, although it is probable that with the cheap money we now have a discount of five per cent, may induce prepayment of a large part of the amount. The price 856 with a discount was recommended by our brokers in preference to naming a lower price for the above as calculated to affect the quotations of the other loans less; and as the amount was rapidly subscribed, and the scrip is at a premium of 2 to 21 without any great or permanent fall in the other securities we think it may be considered a successful operation." Mr. THORNTON : Am I to understand that none of these instructions as read from the advertisement were authorised by the Government. Mr. EAGAR : None of those instructions. PAPE US. Mr. WILSON laid the following papers on the table of the House Regulations under Disease in Sheep Act and Tenders for Runs under Commissioner Cole. Mr. PARKES laid upon the table a despatch relative to the visit of the Duke of Edinburgh, and a despatch respecting the Commercial Banking Company's Act, PETITIONS. Mr. MARTIN presented a petition, signed by 495 residents of Albury and its neighbourhood, praying that the House will sanction the agreement respecting the Border Customs, arrived at by the delegates in Melbourne The petition was received. Dr. LANG presented a petition from William Taylor, late contractor of the Penrith bridge, stating that when he commenced the work he had a capital of several thousand pounds, but that the floods which had injured the bridge during its erection had completely ruined him. The petitioner prayed for relief. The petition was received. MINING DISPUTE. Mr. PICKERING moved as a formal motion,-" That there be laid upon the table of this House, copies of all correspondence (if any) which has taken place between the Police Magistrate of Nundle, the Gold Commissioner of the Gold- fields North, and the honorable Secretary for Lands, in respect to a disputed claim between a Mining Company known as Macpherson's, and another Mining Company known as Schofield's, to a mine in the Police Reserve at Nundle." The question was put and passed. PETITION PRINTED. Mr, OATLEY moved as a formal motion,-" That the petition presented by him on the 19th July, from Charles Moore, be printed " Mr. ALEXANDER seconded the motion, which was put and carried. TELEGRAPH EXTENSION ALONG THE COAST. Mr. ROBERTSON moved,-" That this House shall, on Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, to consider of an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on the Estimates for" the present year, a sum not exceeding £2000, for the construction of a line of electric telegraph from Grafton, on the Clarence River, to the most convenient point thereto on the coast " He thought hon. gentlemen who knew him would be able to remember that in all the years he had had a seat in Parliament, he had never brought forward a local motion having regard to the constituency he had happened to represent. He took the course he was now taking from far different motives, and because he believed that hon. members would not be unwilling to grant this small sum of money for the important purpose he was going to describe. It was not for a mere local purpose, if so he would say let a fair percentage on the cost be shown. Everybody knew that from Moreton Island to Newcastle there were five hundred miles of coast and there was no place along that distance where people wrecked, or seeing vessels in distress, could communicate by telegraph. By carrying the telegraph to Grafton, people would have the means of communicating to the whole colony, the news of any wreck or the safety of any vessel along the coast. He could not imagine anything more important to our colony, which was pre-eminently the chief colony as regarded the coasting trade, than that we should, wherever we could at small expense do it, facilitate telegraphic communication along the coast. These coast lines were of the greatest importance, either to convey the news of shipwrecks or of the safety of vessels, and the whole expense of this line would not exceed £1200. Surely there could be no objection to this small expense, to carry the extension to the pilot station, where the pilot people could work the line as they did at South Head, He was quite sure the House would grant this money. Mr. MARTIN said the hon. mover, by his preliminary remarks, would lead to the inference that, not moving in this matter as a representative of the district, he regarded it as a wise expenditure. Well, if the money could be spared from other works, this might be admitted. But the argus . ment that it was necessary for affording information with regard to shipping would equally apply to the construction of lines every twenty miles along our coast. There seemed to be a strong " objection to the motion, on the ground that no application had been made to the Government to construct this line - no application by residents in the districts, or residents in Sydney, or elsewhere. No petition had been laid before the House, or before the Government, asking for the expenditure. The hon. member of his own motion came before the financial statement was made, and not knowing that the money might not be required for works of more pressing impor lance, and without inquiring, asked the House to take the first step in an expenditure of £2000. It would be extremely inconvenient, on the 5th of the financial statement, and before it was made for the House to pledge itself to on expenditure of this kind, which no constituency in the country had asked for, which was not based upon any inquiry, and which, if it was proper to incur in this case, it would be equally proper (to incur in fifty localities along our coast. The Government were under an obligation to carry the wires to Port Macquarie and to Port Stephens. He did not deny that some advantage would be derived from also carrying a line to the head of the Clarence, but the House ought not to commit itself to this expenditure. Without finding fault with the hon. member, if he thought the expenditure proper for submitting the motion; he (Mr. Martin) should, for the reasons he had stated, think it his duty to oppose it, Mr. It. STEWART said it should be borne in mind that this line could be useful only to the traders to the Clarence, This district had had an expenditure of nearly £50,000 within the last four or five years, and as large a share of the public moneys as any constituency in the colony, This line would be of no advantage to any parts to the north or south of it, and as far as his vote was concerned it would go to throw, as far as possible, the cost of local improvements upon local authorities with the assistance of Government. Mr. GARRETT pointed out the large extent of country and the extensive trade to this port which would derive advantage from this means of communication, and urged that even to make the existing line profitable this branch was warranted. It would be impossible to connect every headland with the port of Sydney, but in those cases where a headland must be approached by a large number of vessels it would be good policy to connect these with the port of Sydney. He thought as good a case could be made out for this work as for any that had come before the House. If this district had been visited by Ministers, and they had been fined down there, it might have had what was asked for Mr. MARTIN, inquired whether the hon. member was not out of order in attributing motives Mr. GARRETT did not attribute motives other than those of a public character, meaning that if Ministers had made themselves personally acquainted with the requirements of the district, this motion most likely would have received their support. Mr. SPEAKER did not think the hon, member was transgressing the rules of the House. Mr. GARRETT urged that if representatives were given to various districts of the colony they were given in order that the interests of those districts might be represented and advanced by them. What better application could there be for such a work at this than one coming through the representative of this district. But by the process of ministerial visitations the representative Junctions of many members had been sacrificed. The result had been that there had been a monstrous interference with the rights of members. The hon. member for Sydney East (Mr. R Stewart) had opposed the motion, and had also said that there had been a large sum of money spent on that immediate district already. He (Mr. Garrett) denied that the money so spent had been excessive, and denied too that what had been spent there had been wasted. He objected to what now appeared to be the common practice that a Minister who was not at the head of a department referred to should undertake to answer for the Minister who ought to be in his place and ready to reply The Minister of this department had not at present deigned to notice the motion. Every Minister ought to be prepared to attend to the work of his own department, and not leave questions which required to be fairly met to be answered by his colleagues. Mr. FORSTER had some difficulty in dealing with the question before the House, but thought that the paucity of the arguments-if he might venture to say it- which were alleged on both sides of such a question appeared to him to be a more than sufficient reason for him to give his vote that the House should go into committee. As to the argument in support of the motion which had been brought forward by the hon. member for the Clarence that he (Mr. Robertson) had not hitherto brought forward any- local motion-it was an argument to which he though very little weight was to be attached. If that hon. member had not brought forward local motions in that House, it was a fair presumption that he had not done so because he had not felt it to come within the line of his duty to do so. Again, he confessed he did not think that it was any valid argument against entertaining this question on its merits, that the financial statement had not yet been made. If the expenditure was one which was really required for the good of the general public, he thought that the Treasurer ought to be prepared to see that all due pre parations were made to meet it. That, he conceived, was the sole condition on which the Treasurer was to be considered as entitling himself to continue in office. He was unable to see the force of the argument put forward by the hon. member for Sydney East (Mr. Stewart), that we ought, in preference, to throw the burden of such Ka expenditure on localorgonisations. He thought that such sa organisation could not be expected to construct such a thing as a line of electric telegraph. We had not even called upon the country districts to contribute their quota towards local expenditures by which they were obviously benefited towards lines of railway by which they received local advantages. He thought it might very fairly be argued that the time was coming when they might lighten the burden of taxation in the matter of railways by some Eisd of local taxation, but as yet they had not done so. He was told that the motion ought to be refusea-not because b was not wanted, but because it ought to be made a dozen burden. It was, perhaps, a sufficient answer to that no reply that the electric telegraph was not a local benefit, but was for the benefit of the country at large. It had not, been pretended to be shewn that the people of the immediate district would be benefited thereby. The motion had not been met by arguments of a convincing kind, and he should vote for going into committee. Mr. BYRNES said that, after listening to all that the hon. member had had to say, all the information that he had been able to extract from it only amounted to this, that the hon. member intended to get the money in spite of the Government. The Postmaster-General was the officer who had charge of this department, and to that officer of the Government the honorable member should have had recourse not to the hon. member for Shoalhaven or to any other member of that House. Upon it being shown to the Post master-General that this work was necessary', it would have been submitted to the Government, and the whole case would have been considered and even if the money had been voted by Parliament, the construe tion of the line would have fallen into his (Mr. Byrnes's) hands. Neither the hon. member for the district, nor the ' hon. member who had spoken so flippantly of the duties if the Ministers, seemed to know whether the inhabitants required the line to be carried out or not. [Mr. GARRET" ' I do know it, The hon. Chairman of Committees knew nothing about it. During the late Administration, of which, the hon. member for the Clarence was a prominent member,, a rule was laid down that in all cases wherein the inhabitants of a district required the construction of a line of telegraph, they should guarantee to the Government 5 percent, on the outlay, and the expense of working the line in addition. There were several lines now open which had been constructed upon this principle, and if the inhabitants of ice district referred to had given this guarantee the line would have been constructed But reapplication of any kind from the people of this district had been received, and the hon. member, without knowing one iota about the matter, has taken upon himself to bring the matter before the House. On the river it was considered that the line would be of co ] use at all the action of the hon. member, therefore, must be to gratify some fancy of his own, and perhaps ultimately to a place a few of his constituents, He did not consider that the line was required, either for the use of the inhabitants er for the shipping and hence he should oppose this motion. Mr. HART thought the hon. gentleman who had just". sat down ought to know that it was not the duty of a member of this House to go to the Postmaster- General to ask him for anything of this sort. He thought very large argument was required to show that the whole coast of Cro country should have a line of telegraph stretched along ';. At the Clarence River, where so many vessels were ecto> ing and leaving, a line of telegraph was especially required. | Many vessels, after leaving Grafton, had been lying waste j the bar for days, and their owners in Sydney did not knew where they were. (Hear, hear.) In some cases steamers had been sent out to look for them. With regard to the guarantee principle, that only applied to local undertakings:, where a few squatters or other individuals required a rich foribeirown convenience. Would the hon. member say that the people of Sydney should guarantee a line to the Heads, or to Melbourne. He was surprised that this motion should be opposed by the hon. member for East ' Sydney (Mr. Stewart), seeing that last session that has, gentleman dipped his hand into the public purse for what be called compensation for something that occurred fifty years ago. It was a perfect job. He should vote for the motion, in order that further discussion might be elicited, in committee. j Dr. LANG know perhaps as much of the Clarence River? ; and of the district as any hon. member in the House, but ce ' felt himself at a loss to know how to vote on this question. It was quite correct to state that, although the Heads week but a short distance from Grafton, the state of vessels at the Heads was unknown at Grafton for days together. The dk thrice by the river was fifty miles, but twenty- five as the crow flies. There were several areas of the sea between the Heads and Grafton, and a line between the two places would cost considerably more than it would if there was a continuous a tract of country all the way. Under all the circumstances, he was somewhat in doubt whether this was exactly the 12th time to introduce the motion before the Horse, although he had no doubt that the line asked for would be a convenience to the people of Grafton and to the shipping at the Heads. Mr. LUCAS saw no reason why the House aboca depart from the principle laid down by the presses Speaker when he occupied the position of Minister for Works, namely, of requiring the people of the district to enter into 0 bond prior to the construction of a line of this graph. Besides, it was usual for people in the neighborhood to apply to the Government for the construction of these work's, and then if the Government did not do ::, !' 1 was for the representative of the district to see justice done 1 to his constituents, for these reasons he should, in defi- ; . of further evidence as to the necessity for this line, vow against this motion. With reference to the manes of his , hon. member (Mr. Hart) respecting the hon. member for East Sydney (Mr. R. Stewart), the hon. member when I ' recollect that the claim had been inquired into. Lai.:, HART The same as the Harris case He did not know why the hon. member alluded to the Harris case, hat j he thought the hon. member's allusions to his (Mr. Hartf«) a colleague wore insulting. He did not think the House, would vote the money. I Mr. EGAN said that it appeared to him as if BOmathing j very extraordinary had come over the hon. member for Her the) wh i winsted that the people should guarantee the v of lliLi v 2 of hundreds of miles of coast line where Micho Vpci not three people residing, and how could people is i el to sea prints a there This work would be a national thine, via em in protect life and property Who had glint writes the line from Bombala to Gabo Island r The of a nun at b are ('wanted the money for that work without any minute Who guaranteed for railway exten 01- But it course they were great national works a he Minister his Works said he had nothing to do with the matter r but that the hon. member must apply to the r Mine ister General The hon gentleman had every thing ii of with these works until they were completed fl< hope i be House would agree to the motion and allow the ni left r to 1 into committee Mr CUMMINGS considered that the hon member for the Clarence a mid do well to withdraw the motion He could not under rad why the money should be given for this Ima ra preference to others which had been applied for He could not stir how the hon. member could expect the Home i ) 'Rio This drive), though he thought it would be 0 ily curious to i How the matter to go into committee yet no quartettes by (Mr Cummings) should oppose the ii tt on [him for) Air I I O I D did not find fault with the mover of the resolute m jr for lit the propriety of its introduction, as he tomato learn Jury hon. member entitled to bring forward any of stuff which is? thought affected the welfare of the country But hearts that the hon member had failed to make out thoi<lu.bt<.it met and he was surprised that he should not have devoted wore if the power he possessed of convincing the Hon h ii line extension was needed He thought all that had been -at least) showed that this could only be a k ( a line He hoped the practical sense of the House would be to run true 1 to prevent an extraordinary exception to rule- that he thought had worked exceedingly well and that the House would aid reject the motion of the hon friend Mr IO«] 1 FISON said he was sorry the hon gentleman who had duke sat down had not paid attention to the debate others as he would have found that a case had been in use but in favour of the motion It was a public sea port juices area frequently detained there by stress of either side may wrecks took place there As was iimuhI n thou not say, we did not follow the precedents afforded him in 1 England, France and America In those i motin i where r there was a seaport, the first important r legislate me was made to that seaport The seaport mean juntionwis one of great importance, and he thought the member for the Clarence was to be commended or his ii I trust the motion before the House 'that I bien s in that mother instances a guarantee of 1 pi e ii Ss 1 b ea demanded but in those cases private inieieM, v. ie involved while in this the matter was one of um Iv Baltic hindrance Mr HO til U I SON, in reply said he could not but feel that the air it is a primary influence had been exhibited on the pin of the gentlemen who had opposed this motion, n 1 <? usually by he hon gentleman who ought to know theM. to mt ii V re hon members to be told that there was ii m in the Assembly) to afford information on such matters in the, days of the Administration of Mr Forster, they on the "Mounts cr for Works in the Upper House but Never billie had it been stated in the Chamber, that there was no Minister charged with the duty of answering repre entative nun bets is to the conduct of one of the greatest of the Government departments The othornight, thallon Muinfr tor "Vi says said he was going to carry a telegraph Von Mipliem What more Because it was a port of refuge Did the him member pretend that that telegraphic line w s to be a u indeed by any private undertaking Mr B\?M 3 There is no analogy) Vic FOBHUMJIS The hon the Premier had indi nt d stress 12TH ince in regard to this matter, but he Mr I ibert our believed there was more in what that hon mi tiMined Jensen in said than he meant when he made the >b«ivKtion Whoosked for this He (Mr Robert ( is believed this motion had been opposed by the Govern- can be sure of the position he had felt it his duty fearsome "Uli treat to them rather than from any consideration at the police v of the matter considered in itself He could reply to the him and learned gentleman that the members i that district asked for it and he did not think the House as an argument to the Government as to refuse anything; for the benefit of the whole coast 1 in beca(Me of the position assumed by) the mover li was alleged that this motion ought not to have been fought in before the financial statement, but what had ion entitled to 1 with making the financial statement remove the tio^eioment neglected to bring down their in muni assimilate that was no reason why hon members could abandon their duties as representatives It was said that the reason the Government did not construct the line tiresome a i< tim great cost which it would involve by sea on at the distance to be traversed But the length of a line from Glitter to the Clarence Heads would on!) be five miles and it would be constructed for £2000 Their tailored of of this fact was not creditable to the Govern- till he did not think that the Government had made lit the case against going into committee for the consideration of this matter If railway extensions were to be made without guarantee, why should not the author of this line of telegraph to the coast be- made, mug thin so good a case had been made out. It was of the first importance that shipowners, and persons having i trade on board of vessels, at the Clarence Heads, should have the means of communicating with them. He should certainly divide the House upon this question and one effect of the duty would be to show what amount of sub servient there must this chamber The question was then put, and negatived, on the follow on, division - Ayes, M Mr 1 it is Mt Forster Mr S C Brown, I s i Garrett Josephson -m but Dr Lang Hurley j -tons.., vi suni i Mr Pickering Uart ( refers VI um Joseph Noes 21) Mr Van n Mr K Stewart Mr Buchanan had, a Oatley Mate W IA ii I ickey Burns till I loved Lucas Bvrni Conlon J Stewart Uden in Macleay Landale job it Tunks Lloyd I ",,,"" calM u Suttor Tighe a limb M li CUSTOMS DEPARTMENT Mr ROBERT 1 SON moved,-" That an address be pre "suited to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be laid upon the table of this House, "piece of all papers and correspondence relating to the i I missal of Samuel Harper and J L Murphy) from the in- roads Department including depositions (if an)) taken ( ( el re the Collector of Customs The hon member stated , being understood that Mr Duncan had reported that no j a-." had been ii i ie out for the dismissal of the officers had led in Ihs resolution In the present state of his infor 2 v IDB he gave no opinion on the matter, but simply begged j love tliBie<olution Mr EAGAR said that the papers would be laid on the here to morrow PUBLIC SCHOOLS ACT REGULATIONS Mr MACPHERSON moved,-" That this House is not (perjured to station Section 15 of division 11 of the Public s IlsoI" Act of lSbti Regulations, under the following ernie to Oharar ser of School Books Such books only as are supplied or sanctioned by the Council are to be used c ordinary instruction ' unless the following words be would viz in Public, Provisional and Half time -an old He did not wish either to underrate or to cover are the importance or the section, but he maintained that -ever) existence of the Denominational Schools in their essentials denominational character was involved met r s i iHgined that the would be almost obvious to an) who "> i the resolution lad a few words of explanation would vtvniiiejii to make this apparent to all He hoped -the' hon members would take the trouble to read the rest lution and to compare it with the rule to which it secured and he thought that it would be impossible for -me to fail to see that the object of that motion was DH to have he character of the instruction as a Denman monal schools without altera- , a as it was before the passing of the Act j " l feel was simply to leave in the hands of the demand aarons the power of declaring what the character of I min instruction given in the schools should be, I * fruit that minahs being reduced to the same level and I n ear the same character as in all other Public schools would probably be said that Denominational schools were five lived-in; a single hour of the day such doctrinal | ~ltn«iruiiiatioi!al inst action as the) thought proper But !.%*«. not all If thöActhad been in the form in which we live stood and no religious instruction was to be given I i rs what were termed secular hours, it would have been >^>-r»totd that dear minations were not allowed to give i g jus mythical n and that they were strictly tied down 0 i mr instruction during the other hours It would be to however that this was by no means the case It was I r -high proposed that the secular instruction should con- n s p certain, amount of the religious element The Scripture irri. adopted under the National Board of Education in Ire ' I..! certainly might be admitted to contain a large amount i serious instruction, and as far as he was concerned, to actionable instruction, but [it was evidently felt by the council to be the" description of religious instruction Lu' might not be satisfactory to every denomination Y v to the 10th instant the Board required that ones) s for ofninliuction should be adopted throughout all these of jo rib, and set forth certain books to supersede all others, are ag the use of them imperative upon all State supported I Don't" in the colony But within a week after his notice I i motion -unit. "in, the Council issued a now a (lion which vi 63 laid upon the table of the "ire J he was as, follows "That the sixt) second to non adopted by the Council of Education on the r" a February, 1867 under the head of school Adminm i s n,' shall be so far modified in Denominational schools in shall not be necessary to use the Scripture lessons used under the sanction of the Board of National ii '"union Ireland Now, what was the result of this edition It wise this-that the Denominational c 63 need not accept the religious instruction invited for them by the Council under the price of ord nan instruction, but it was a case of x w m s choice-that or none, for if the) used for ordinary e'en than an) other books than those supplied or sect oned I v the Council by regulation 2 their certificate In be forfeited Surely such a result as this was not i -3 operated either by the friends or the foes of the ^riiminational system, during the passage of the Public 1 -short sitting the only privilege to be left to these cold was not the ,n vice of giving such ina ruction as 1 is thought most suitable to the wants and requirements t train 'children under their charge but said-" You need not cut them her ks unless you think proper " Until a week after notice of This motion was given, it was absolutely Im IrotiMive up n Rom in Catholic schools to read these lessons drawn inns befitting Scriptures, whether they would or would not in her the" penalty of the withdrawal of certificate M or mc. I mu I was evident few Board itself thought this was most unjust, or they would not have introduced the new re- situation He wished to call hon. members' attention to the fact that the motion he now moved did not in any way call upon the House to interfere with any power possessed by the Council with reference to the right of appoint- mint of inspection, or supervision, as acquired under the rCt, " did not in the smallest degree question the right of the Council to see that the public got money h worth for the public money, nor did it even call upon the Council to sup ply books of any doctrinal or denominational character, unless they chose to do so It simply called on the House to leave to the differant do Don mations to decide on the course of ordinary instruction i best adapted in their view to promote the sinai intellect turn and religious advancement of the children attending their respective schools lins appeared to be the only rise lute or essential distinction between Public and Done minational schools but for the first the course of construction should be entirely unsectarian and secular, and in the case of the Denominational schools the curse of ordinary inStruction should contain just as much of a little of the doctrinal 01 denominational element as the different dunoon i inions might deem essential to the wolf are at the children 1 has represented, in his opinion, the only one real distinction between the two classes of schools but it by no means represented the disabilities under which the Denominational schools In cured which disabilities was created partly by the Act and partly by the regulations which were now ri|emnginto law One denomination might be suffering ice in such a rule as this to day, but the same might be the fate of another denomination in turn He believed that the great contest which took place when the bill was before the House was not for any things small, it was for the privilege which it was considered every parent should enjoy, to give his children such religious instruction as he thought was most calculated to benefit them. It was for this that the friends of Denominational schools fought It was not with the intention of speaking on this occasion a general and discuss a discussion of the disabilities affect ing Denominational schools that he was about to allude to such of them as occurred to him but simply told cate the price or a portion of the price they would have to pay for the distinctive character, of the very essence of which it was now sought to deprive them He hoped that the discussion might be conducted in a milder, gentler, and more Christian spirit than the discussions on the bill were conducted last year (Hear, hear) The difficulty, amounting almost to impossibility, of forming a new Denominational school, was a question which was fairly even if hotly and somewhat acrimoniously, contested during the 1 passage of the Act-it must be admitted that on this point the Denominational party was almost totally defeated the small modification agreed to berner, in his opinion, of no value, but he apprehended that no one would be found to renew the contest on this point during the existence of the present Parliament-the almost impossibility of creating new Denominational schools may be said to be the first disability created by the Act. The second disability to which he should allude arose out of clause 23 of the Act, which prohibited grants in aid of building or repairing "(bool premises, unless the value of such premises shall be vested for the promotion of Public Schools in the Council of Education As a natural and almost necessary interpretation of which text the 44th rule of the regulations excluded the teachers of Denominational schools from the same right t a residence, or an allowance for rent from the Council, as teachers in Public schools enjoyed Hon members would see that this arose from clause 23 of the Act, which was as follows - ' No money shall be appropriated under this Act in aid of building or repairing school premises unless the site of such premises shall be vested for the promotion of Public Schools in the Council of Education " However much he might have been opposed to this clause at the time it was adopted, he believed the regulation was only carrying out the intention of the clause, The third disability did not appear to him to be contemplated by the Act, but was expressly created by rule 2 of section 2 of the Regulations, which expressly disentitled Denominational schools to any aid whatever from the Council towards furnishing them, while, by rule 11 of section 2 the certificate of a Denominational school may be withdrawn if the supply of furniture, Six , be not deemed entirely adequate by the Council The second and third disabilities to which he had alluded were simply matters of money-the second, in his opinion, an almost necessary consequence of the Act-the third not certainly in contravention of it, but in his opinion a harsh and UliWoral commentary on the text. The fourth and last disability to which should allude, as applying to Denominational schools, related to the appointment of the masters, and the conditions imposed on candidates for admission into the training schools He was not going the length of saying that the right of appointment should be absolute in the heads of denominations, but he thought they should mv nobly have the right of presenting candidates for appointment, and the Council l pint of approval or rejection the case of candidates for admission into the training echoed appeared to him to be mil harder and more exceptionable, as by rule 11 of section 1 a candidate who may have been already educated by a Denominational body for denominational purposes could not be admitted is a Denominational Teacher, without as a general rule paste g through the training school and yet by rule 11 prior to admission, candidates were required to make a declaration that they intend bon i made to follow The profession of a teacher in the public schools of the colony, and that they would accept a situation in any locality as the Council may see fit, leaving of course the work of those who had been expressly educated for Deno unuational schools till Sent to Public once if the Board the light proper He did not say that the Council would do any thing so unjust, but he did say that they had the power to do it Mr PARKES, by permission of the hon member, desired to say that the words of this regulation were not so ck in as they ought to be, but the intention w ill that the persons educated and trained should accept a situation in the system under the Public Schools Act Mr MAC I PHFRbON It does not say so] This was the interpret- ' tution put upon it, and it was open to those persons treated in the training school to accept a situation in a Public school or not I Mr MACPHERSON was tried to hear the hon gentleman b explanation that the Council were not prepared to avail themselves of the clause in the regulations alluded to to treat men with justice He did not say they would, but that they had the power to do it if they thought fit He had not heard of any complaints if an abuse of power on the part of the Council. He had stated all these disabilities under which the Deno miners onal Schools laboured, without any intention, on the present occasion, of discussing their propriety or impropriety He had done be simply with the object of showing the price the ministers of Denominational schools had to pay for the privilege of selecting the books for the ordinary instruct turn of those pupils who may attend their schools, which privilege it was not proposed to near tralise No doubt it may be said that the end and object of these regulations was to show these foolish people the error of their ways-to prove to them that they would gain nothing by their sleek necked Eoneonfermity-not even the hardly earned privilege so e often referred to But in this instance be ventured to hope that the Colonial Secretary had counted too much on his strength in the House, and that party interests, e r interests smaller still, may not be strong enough to induce the House to ignore the principle of common honest j and common justice He did not think that those who passed this Act thought Is it the screw would have been put on with such violence as it had been in the regulations to which he had referred 1 be promoters of Denominational schools knew that they could not expect that which they claimed assaults right which perhaps, they would have the power of enforcing when the House came to be dissolved-the right to be union equal footing with Public or National schools for this they fought in and out of the House and were defeated, and as the conquered party they had to accept the terms of the conquerors however hard and harsh some of these conditions were the only privilege left to them was tele- taken away in two lines of a rule It was on this ground that he made his appeal on this matter In asking the House to affirm his motion he did not by any u sons limit his appeal to the friends of the Denominational system the House, but he appealed to the good faith of all who believed that the law should be carried out in the spirit as well as the letter, so loDgaB the wisdom of Paris ment did not see fit to alter it No doubt there were many hon members of the House who would desire to see religion of any Kind eliminated from the instruction afforded at the public expense There were others who believed that no system of instruction could be efficient of which religion did netfoimapart He appealed to hon members on both sides on the ground of justice Let us have justice, that was all he asked Let us leave things as they were, so far as teaching went in the Denominational schools He appealed to bon numbers who were opposed to religious in struction, and to those who favoured it, and he hoped he should not appeal in vain Mr PICKERING seconded the motion Mr PARKES said he should consider it his duty to go a little beyond the speech of the hon. gentleman who had submitted this resolution to the House. He readily acknowledged, and it afforded him pleasure to acknowledge that the hon, member in submitting this motion had de[ ported from the course be was in the habit of taking when the Public Schools Bill was before the Parliament the ben gentleman had said that he desired to conduct any rediscussion of this important question in a milder and note Christian spirit than prevailed at the time of the agitation last year Well, that was net saving much (Laughter) The hon member, be believed, used precisely those words He (Mr Parkes) was quite willing to believe that he intended to conduct any re discussion on the matter in a mild and Christian spirit and in a spirit becoming the House He (Mr Parkes) hoped he should be able to follow his example in this particular In the course of what he had to say he should have to utter borne very hard things, but they would not be his they would be By mory based upon facts, the statement of which appeared to be necessary to illustrate what had been done, and to put the real state of the case in regard to this question before the Parliament and before the country The Government was sometimes taunted with not sufficiently paying attention to the business brought before Parliament by hon gentlemen on the 0] position benches They were sometimes taunted with not replying to arguments advanced in support of motions He (Mr Parkes) at once frankly admitted that the hon gentleman, by the resolution he had submitted to the House on this occasion had raised a question which ought not to be treated with any unconcern, but receive the most careful and complete attention from the Government of the country Believing the question to be of this magnitude and that there was none at the present time of larger interest with all sections of society out of doors, he should take the liberty of entering at emu hugill into the iidininintimiou of this new in-the state of education and the stage (most of The public c boards The Act as it has ousted The hon. member (Mr Micuhorann) in the course of his speech adverted to the circumstances ((urge) accidental) that a new regulation was adopted by the Council of Education, and laid on the table of the House a short time after Lu gave notice of his motion He (Mr Macpherson) drew the inference that it was because he (savant time of his motion that the Council of Education adopted the regulation He (Mr Parkes) might as well, Before he passed a further, en) to him (certainly not with any disposition to underrate his influence of in the Council of Education or any other body that the regulation was adopted from our) different considerations and in lUfnonco 10 a very different authority (Hear, hear) Certain ladies representing one great division of the Christian Church had communications with the Council of Bduci un- and muscular other representations they said that the 'same lure lesson books sanctioned by the Board of National Edna tion In Ireland v. are not acceptable to their particular schools As it was furthest from the intention of the Council of Education, and he was sure also farthest from the intention of the Legislature to force religions instruction upon any section of the Christian world that did not desire it in the particular form in which that regulation was passed, it was determined to remedy what was done perhaps too precipitate!) Ihm was done in deference to recommendations made in the way he had explained and he trusted, in no bad spirit, for it showed at any rate a disposition to repair any erroneous course the Council might have adopted. The hon. gentleman (Mr. Macpherson) in reference to this subject appeared to fall into on error He (Mr Parkes) hardly knew whether it vi is an error on his (Mr Macpherson's)" part, or whether he (Mr Parkes) had misunderstood him if he understood the hon gentleman aright, he said that by withdrawing these Scripture lesson books, or rather passing a regulation rendering it optional to Denominational schools to use them or not, they denied to those schools and) other religious books [Mr MACPHERSON Not exactly that Denominational schools could adopt whatever religious books that) thought proper Provision was made in tholawfor them to do so. and the law was carried out in good faith by the regulations [Mr MACPHERSON '. During the hour to be devoted to religious instruction"] he) could do this in their schools at other times as well as in that hour , but the law did not allow the Council of Education to provide that religious instruction. On the contrary the Ao expressly state that the religious instruction must and shall be left to the heads of the denominations (Hear, hear ). The hon member (Mr Macpherson) said something about the Protestant Bible being put into the hands of Catholic children He (Mr Parkes) must complain of a course of this kind being taken even though he had no complaint to make of the tone and general temper of the hon. gentleman's speech, because the use of such broad words could only lead to a misapprehension of what was the real state of the facts No Protestant Bible was put into the hands of Catholic children, nor was a Catholic Bible cut into the hands of Protestant children. The religion of every child-the religion of the parent of every child was left sacred- untouched b) an). There was nothing of the kind done If it were, of course it would be, in the hon gentleman's words, . a monstrous tyranny." But the " monstrous tyranny" fell to the ground,' because no such thing existed as that which the hon gentleman dreamt or supposed. On this, the first opportunity which had been afforded him, he should pro- it ed to state what had been the course of administration under this Act, and he thought he should be able to prove that the Council of Education had the entire confidence of the country ("Hear, hear," from both sides of the 11 You to ) He thought he should he able to prove beyond doubt that, with one very small exception, the ultimate tion of the Act had been such that the Council had the entire confidence of the country. He would prove that it had the support of the Roman Catholic laity. (Hear, hear) He would prove this incontestably and he thought he should be able to prove that it had done nothing whatever which rendered it undeserving of that support The hon member li r Central Cumberland had often with some degree of boastfulness, told the Assembly that he represented the Church of England on this question, but he thought he should be able to show him that this was an entire delusion (Laughter ) He thought he should be able to shew him (Mr Macpherson) that, notwithstanding he had been long and vigorous in the course he has taken on one side of the question, not from first to last he had really known very far to about in the Council of Education, as the) all knew, was appointed in the beginning of January It had not yet been in existence seven months Perhaps no body of men was ever called together in this colony that had so gra it a task before it. It had thrown upon its funds by the operation of the Act all National schools, and it had to take over by the operation of the Act the Denominational schools None except those who would for a moment consider the work necessary in visiting by the civil servants, and ( running and taking over nearly 400 Be hools, could under stand the large amount of routine labour in such an operation It had to reorganise its stall to appoint inspectors, to frame regulations, and to do a vast amount of other preliminary work of a more routine character necessary to the discharge of duties involving an expenditure of £00,000 in the course of the year. Having been in existence only that short period of time, little more than half a year what had that body done ' Up to the present moment it had called into existence no less than fifty seven new schools, with a total attendance, as estimated by the parents of the children, of 2290 1 those schools were allot them situated in place whore they were so much wanted, that with a few exceptions there was no other pi hood of any description within from eight to eight miles of the It was of the highest importance to enable the members to judge for themselves, of the needs Mlv that existed for the Act which the Legislature passed last year, that this one fact it should be thoroughly known that" these schools, and) seven in number, had all been situated in places where, on the 1st January last, there were no means of education whatever The first on his list was Iii miles from any other school, the next, 11, the next, 20, the next 7, the next, 4 , The next, 0, the next, 12, the next, 6, the next, 16, the next, in the next, 8, the next, 7, the next, 5, the next, or the next, 28, the next, 24, the next, the next, 8, the next, 20, the next, 3, the next, 8 the next, 21, the next, 13, the next, 70 miles from any other school, the next 3 miles, the next, 10, the next, 27, the next, of the next, 5 , the next, 7, the next, 18, the next, 7, Iho) thus saw the educational destitution which existed before the establishment of these Schools. Then there was another fact in connection with these schools which was very significant, that in every instance the schools had been visited upon the petition of the inhabitants In no single instance had any one of those schools been established by the Council itself going to seek, for the purpose of making a show of schools, where one should be established Another remarkable fact was that the parents of plying for the establishment of these Public schools had in no instance applied for the establishment of a Denoim not onal school (Hear, hear) But there was a more significant fact Fill, that in those applications there will run a full repreeeeentatioi» of the Roman Catholics the lie man Catholics in those applications for public schools amounted to one third, and he believed the estimate of that large section of our population was little less than one third of the whole population He could Kareel) produce a stronger proof that legislation was needed than the fact that within so short a period, on the spontaneous movement of the people themselves, this large number of Public schools had come into existence But he should consider it his duty to lay before the House and before the country some other evidence of the need that existed for this change in the legislation respecting the near penetration of our school grants Ibis vi and not be so j agreeable as the evidence he had given He spoke now as the President of the Council of Education, and with the concurrence of his colleagues in that body He should consider it his duty to prove the insufficiency of the arrangements that previously existed for the education of the children of the country. He had elsewhere stated before his constituency and he now Mateo before his co representatives in his place in the House, that there had been a sinful and desolating waste of the public money voted for education under the former systems (Hear, hear.) He had not used those words without knowing that he might be called on to prove them, and he should hardly consider himself a worthy to occupy the position which he held if he permitted this opportunity to pass without proving what he had thus assorted. In order to prove that the large votes which the Legislature had in so liberal and so truly a patriotic spirit sanctioned, without inquiry and without question, year after year, that the votes had been expended without any regard whatever to their beneficial expenditure He should now proceed to road some reports, showing (the state of those schools, which it was the duty of the Council of Education to take over on the 1st January He held in his hand reports of eight schools, which had been for a long time supported at the public expense schools in which the attendance ranged from 10 to 3 In two schools there were 10, in four there were 13, in cneoDiy 10, and in another only S He thought that these were pretty significant facts He might as well here state that he should prefer not to mention the names of teachers, unless hon members desired him to do so He had the names before him, and there was no difficulty in his mentioning them but inasmuch as some of the facts might be irquriGus to the persons referred to, and as he had no wish to occasion them any unnecessary later), he should prefer not to publish their names He should confine himself to the facts, and if hon. members wished to see the names they could do so (Hear, hear.) He hoped that that course would be satisfactory) (Hear, hear) The inspectors report on the first school to which he alluded vat-" The number in actual attendance at tho time of my visit was 17 The average attendance since Christmas has been 16 The next report said, 2 The number of children present at the time of inspection was 13, including 1 of the teacher's children, the number on the rolls was 30, [ list of these 12 have never attended the school, so that the actual number belonging to the school is 18 of these, 3 are under 1 years of age, and 2 over 20, the latter only attended by a few days and are not likely to become day pupils. | 10 out of the 30 enrolled ore Roman Catholics " Before he sat down he should have to prove painful thought was-that the teachers had been compelled by the clergy is en to falsify their returns (Cheers ) Mr. MACPHERSON Name the clergyman. Mr PARKES I will give full information. Mr CUMMINGS And the names of the teachers too. 1 that's very important Mr PARKES continued The next report which he held in his band stated that a The actual attendance at the time of my visit was 16 In the next report the inspector said, The average attendance for the last quarter of 1866 for 13, and for January, 1867 " The next report wail. "The number of children in average attendance for tZ his two nionfbsof the current quarter was boyftO, pref? 3 total 15 The number present at the time of inspection was bo>s, 11, girls, 3 total, 14 " 1 he next Sf ho specter's words were" The average attendance for a last, quarter of 1866 was 21, for the last eight weeks? . eho1olsIr°KS1 CR TheSe "re the reports of Dl3a<»»teationaI Mr PARKES These reports all safe rrc I lo Donominn tional schools taken over by the operation of the Ant The next report was,-" ino number in same attendance when Mend, in school as 10 and the number on the roll 12 The attendance in that school was very high indeed 1 In the next report the inspector stated - "The number of children present at the time of inspection was the number on the rolls 11 There were also on the rolls 7 names of pupils of a night school, Their ages varying from 15 to 28 years The average, daily attendance for the month of December last, was 12 G for the last eight weeks 'ago Those reports be though, showed instances of the insufficiency of schools instances of waste through the stillness of the number attending though it was obvious that every else I had been excited to make up a large attendance. He would now read over a few reports to show that the teachers themselves were entirely unfit for then positions-that 1 they had been appointed without inquiry- without the slightest examination to ascertain whether they were fit to teach or not, and, in fact, without the slightest guarantee that they understood what they undertook to do. In the first of these cases, the inspector reported, The teacher has not been trained has not been 1 examined, and holds no indicate She possessed no testimonials of ability to teach She is incompetent for her position and it is very doubtful whether she is eligible for training ' Persons accustomed to teaching would know what this language meant-that it was doubtful whether the teacher was buIH neatly advanced in elementary knowledge as to make it worth while to send her to the training School the inspector went on to say -" who has conducted public schools under the Bishop of Newcastle for a p nod of ten years her present school is in a most deplorable condition " He ought to inform the House But those schools were in large, towns, where there could be no excuse for the entire want of fitness In the next case the inspector said,-" The master was never trained, has never been examined, and is unable to furnish any testimonial of fitness for his office The same descrip- tion literally applies to the case of the assistant I consider both teachers to be incompetent, and I further b love them tell ineligible for training The school generally linament deplorable state The next report referred to a country school, but in a populous neighbourhood The inspector a report was -" the number present on the 11th January, 1867, was 9 , the number present at inspection was lb. The teacher was not trained, and has no testimonials She was previously employed 111 St James's Church of England School, Sydney, and has been in her present situation about fifteen months The school is conducted without much regard to punctuality, order, or method , its general aspect was untidy and spiritless, and the teaching itself very mechanical By training the teacher seems capable of improving " In the next report before him the inspector stated "The school is moderately supplied with furniture and apparatus The reverse of cleanliness is a characteristic feature of the school Very bad order prevails, and the moral tone is extremely low " This term, " moral tone, ' in the phraseology of school inspectors, meant the general tone of the inspectors as to mental and moral power The next report read,- The teacher has not been trained or examined. He possesses no testimonials of ability to teach His attainments and practical skill are extremely small I consider him incompetent, and to b ineligible for training. The school is conducted without a time table It is divided into five classes, upon what principles it is impossible to say The schoolhouse is a side slab building, partly occupied with bags of maize and the teachers furniture The general condition of the school is very low, In the next report the Inspector stated 'The number present on the 7th January, 1867, was 27. The number present at inspection was 17 The teacher was appointed in March, 1866, was neither trained nor examined, and has had no previous experience He Menu to be utterly ignorant of modern school management, and to have no idea of teaching beyond the mere occupation of in individual child in the most mechanical manner. There is- neither punctuality nor order in the school, nor even a tolerable observance of ordinary business The report of another school, also in 11 large town, was " The assistant will never trained, has not been examined, and is unable to furnish any testimonials of ability to teach She is not only incompetent for her present position, but is ineligible for training ' Now, there were some of the ss eeimmB, which might be enlarged to a great extent, of the total intfliiiiiicjof the teaching proviUun. before this Act come into operation He should now refer to one or two other reports, not for the purpose of showing that the 'sheets were small, and therefore improperly supported in in the public funds, in r yet for the purpose of showing that the teachers Were unfit, but to show that in the larger schools The system was so bad that teaching was almost utterly impossible He came to the report of a school when the children present were lOo, and the number on the roll 12 The report stated The organisation is had more especially as regards the 1 unger pupils , the discipline bad, and the tone of the schools cry unsatisfactory The schoolroom could not have been swept for several days, the children were, many of them, very dirty, and the teacher, whose linen was far from clean, never wears a coat in the school (Laughter) Is it wsK the report of a large school in one of our cities. He now came to another school where the number on the u His was 135, though the attendance was only sixty, The inspector said -' The school premises are very good, and the supply of furniture also good, but it was so unsuitably arranged that I spent some considerable time in recasting the position of the desks The occupation of the pupils was very defective, the instruction lame, and the discipline bad Coming to another school, also in a large country town, the Inspector a report was " the schoolroom is airy and spacious, and the furniture good and sufficient i his organisation is bad (seven classes which I have directed to be reduced to three) , thedis-ipline is wretched, the elder children done they please, the teacher and I am g to have no control over them " The next report referred to school where there were 113children present at the inspection The inspector stated The school premi- ses used on Sundays for public worship are airy and ce mmodieu", the furniture is good and plentiful in supply, but owing to the dual occupation of the building, the arrangement of the desks is very bad for school purposes. the organisation, classification, and discipline are positively dazzling to describe , and it an unsatisfactory word Ballal m cht justly be written against all the school operations ' He then come to a large school in the city of Sydney where the number of pupils present was 110 and the Inspector re j 01 ted There is an insufficiency of proper furniture, the few desks There are are attached to the walls of the schoolroom The school records abound in errors, and cuneen woeful lack of comprehension on the part of the teacher The school is completely disorganised The up repair and disorder which prevails is somewhat startling It is difficult to understand how teaching can be carried on in the face of such adverse circumstances There are six classes, but the principle upon which the classification is based is not easily discernible A time table has not been constructed, and it is doubtful whether the teacher is able to construct one The teacher has not been trained, and her methods of teaching are purely haphazard and mechanical in character. Unless an immediate attempt is made to render her moderately competent lv training-,, it will prove a sheer wants of public money to continue aid to the school " If any hon gentleman desired to be informed further upon this part of the subject, he might be supplied with additional information to almost any extent He thought, however, the examples he had read were sufficient to show that there had been a necessity for changE, that there had been an anxiety on the part of parents to give their children some such education that would open to them, perhaps, fancy paths of advancement than they themselves had found that these parents had appreciated the former state of things, and now appreciated the change that had taken place Having given these instances of the to all and inefficient schools, rendered inefficient by want of care in providing teachers, and of the school where large numbers attended, rendered worse than inefficient by want of proper methods, he would now give instances in which falsification of the records had been resorted to in order to obtain the public money He had before him more than one case of this kind In the first instance, the Inspector reported,-" The school was in existence on the 1st January, 1867 " This was a matter the Government has of necessity to ascertain, because they were under obligation by law to show a certificate by all Denominational schools that they were in existence at that time, thus every Inspector had to report the existence of each and the State in which he found it. the report went on The number of children present at the time of inspection was 66. there was no roll-book in the school It should be borne in mind that it was an important duty in all schools supported by the State in this colony, and he believed everywhere else, to keep an account of attendances, because there was no other means of knowing whether the children attended to be instructed or not But in this school no roll-book existed, or, in other words, no record of what children attended the school. 'The teacher stated that away at his lodgings and could not be submitted, on his house was locked and the inmates were away for the day At my request he afforded me an opportunity of inspecting the cIols roll on Saturday last, the some instant, at the Mittagong Railway station It has been kept in a very indifferent manner. The entries seem to have been made recently, and not from day to day a new are none for the last quarter of 1896 The registers of the Roman Catholic school at Sutton Forest, when it was under the charge of this teacher, were kept in a careless way. I consider the statistics compiled from them M °f untrustworthy The number of children enrolled in by mo average attendance recorded for the last ten weeks isiJ t>. Hon members could have little doubt that this roll boy was made up for inspection Take another instance, was inspector reports -"Number of pupils on the row present, 17 1 TI e school had been badly taught or, I should rather say, had not been taught at all, by M "T teacher Mr Timothy Brennan. The pupils were gone and all) unable to pass the most simple examination in any of the subjects in which they were supposed to have been instructed. Mr. Brennan is, in my opinion, 150,"", qualified for the office of teacher He has neglected in school duties, he acknowledges that he has been guilty of drunkenness, and also that he "a, been in the habit of falsifying his school records in the next case the inspector said-" 1 The school was in existence on the 1st January, 1827 2 In consequence of the almost impassable state of the roads, I was name we jrr^TÑirnltybelle before the school had closed for the iv Friday) four children were represented in the class roll as having attended the school "L" tha"doy Upon inquiry I found that the S numberous two, and that the teacher had a family falsified the school records As several children on marked a" present, although continuously absent I saw" in dependence whatever upon the statistics of the school teacher, Mrs Wilton (formerly Miss B H Scanlan), admitted that she had made false entries, but one ken that she did not make them of her own occur 1, that by direction of a person who is officer By connected with the school, whose name she declined to live She further stated that when the school was under the late Denominational long'. as he rcclaLii of Parents who marked ,h,Mrin ircEcnt whom they were absent, so that the school might not to abolished Apparently), she failed to to the immorality of the practice He now came to a case with reference to which he felt compelled to give the name as no should not only road the directors s report but the letter of the teacher himself. It was also due to the hon. member for Eden, because * was inhiBCtnstnuent) He was hot shaking of the how Woman Cu holm school The inspector said The i niiDinir the class roll of this school I was led to doubt its correctness from this fact, that no half day attendances were marked ' hon gentlemen would see that where these records were correctly kept there would be continually half day attendances, at 1 now ing that children would (occasionally stop or be kept away for half days, and hamburg co records el that had it was a fair presumption that the records had been made up and net l properly kept from day to day ' 1 come fired it with the (class rolls of the other schools in the town, and found that two yale, pupils in the Public school had been represented are attending the Public and Roman Catholic schools at the same time When the discrepancy was pointed out to the teacher of the Public school hertquisied me to wait upon the parents of the children so as to ascertain the truth of the matter Mrs Gall their mother, informed me that they attended the Roman Catholic school, one for one day only and the other for a day and a-half According to the class roll of that school they appeared to have been in attendance for five weeks in the last quarter of 1866, for three weeks in the first and two weeks in the second quarter of the present year Mr Quinlivan, the teacher, admitted that he had made false entries respecting these children, and, in doing so, remarked that if left to himself he would not have done it The admission was not made until I handed him Mr Trains b letter with the certificate from the parents He also stated that on wet days he had marked children present although they were absent, regarding them as morally present (Laughter) 1 hove reef ned the enclosed letter from Mr Quinlivan since 1 lett Bega This gentleman wrote to the inspector noon the subject of the School, admitting the falsification He said - ' Bega, 18th June, 1867 brave With reference to the attendance of the two tables at the Roman Catholic Scho 1, Bega, 1 h>g to state that they have been marked present when absent. The pastor went repeatedly to try) and get them to attend and it was on the strength of that 1 marked them present I have marked some present on wet days, regarding them as morally) present (Laughter ) I think you, Mr Inspector, could see that the marking of the Gabba was not a wilful falsification on my part, and had not been under influence [(influence from which I now desire to be freed) I would never have marked any one present but those in attendance should the Council of Education deem this sufficient cause for a) dismissal, I willingly submit to their decision at the same time I wish it to be distinctly understood as my character is at stake (daughters it is, that I never intended it, I repeat, as a wilful falsification I am, See Signed QwiVLiVAy, teacher PS-I they attended the school for one or two days, and it was after their admia fion 1 marked them, although not in attendance " The teacher of the Public School at Bega wrote thus to the inspector -' Bega 18th June, 1867 Sir,-With reference to your observations upon alleged discrepancy between the class roll of the Bega Public school, and that of the Bega Roman Catholic school I have the honour to forward enclosed comments -I have, etc , signed William Henry Irvine" The following was the certificate enclosed -" Bega, 18th June, 1867 -This is to certify that our children, Annie and Dominica Galil, have attended the Bega Public School from '9th April, 1896 to the present date, with this exception viz Annie was at the Bega Roman Catholic school on Monday and part of Tuesday, 12th and 13th November, 1860, and Dominica on Monday, 12th November, lSbG-tho entire attendance of our children at the Bega Roman Catholic school being Dominica, one day, Annie, one day and-a-half Signed, CiiMiins Gal i Saiiui Gaixi " Now here was a case in which the teacher of one of those schools was compelled under the strongest influence that could be brought to bear upon him, to f falsify these returns, after the clergyman had, day after day, tried to seduce these children from the Public school against the parents wish The teacher then said he was instructed to represent them as present, because, having been applied to by the clergyman, I they were considered to be " morally present ' Whatever objections might be raised to the new body entrusted with the very important and responsible duty of administering the magnificent grants of Parliament for public education, they could not be blamed for bringing the truth to light in these parts enlarB It would be observed that they had in now say gone about trying to make up a case In no single instance had they sought to bring forward evidence, the facts he had laid before the House having come forth in the course of of that duty they were corns '"ed D 1 w to perform in order that they might see whether certain schools existed, and to ascertain the state of instruction that existed in them. They had given no orders that any facts of this kind should besought, the instructions being given to see that the schools existed and that the Council should be informed of the state of education in those schools He bout in a former part of his address that the Council of Education had been supported by the public in the administration of the Act Inefitcts he had adduced of so many applications for new schools applications representing fairly and honestly all sections of the people, was sufficient to prove what he had advanced But he might go even further than that, and say there had not been any serious complaint made He did not know of one The regulations and he would like to say here that the rcBiilntions as well as all the documents issued from the Council were framed by that very able and valuable public servant the Secretary, of whom it was impossible too highly to praise-were merely passed by the Council The Connell had nothing to do with them beyond revising them. He thought it necessary to say that because he believed that a wrong impression had gone abroad They were not altered, nor did any member of the Council wish to improve upon them, as they possessed in the person of their secretary, a man of great ability, of varied accomplishments, to draw up the documents they issued Ihoeo dozen tents had been cordially accepted by all classes of the community. The children of the Roman Catholic laity) attended the Public schools in the proportion, as he had shewn, which the Church bore to the population of the country, and he might say that the cordial and unhesitating support the Council had received from all the other denominations of the clerk), except one, was another proof their popularity They had not only brought into existence those 57 Public schools, but it was a fact that there were nine Denomina those schools which were in the course of being converted into Public schools with the sanctum of their clergy (Hear, hear) There were also 28 teachers who had applied to be transferred from Denominational to Public schools [Mr EGAN They d get better pay. I suppose ] They would not get better pay [Mr MACPHERSON Yes they do ] There had been no single application to Convert a Public school into a Denominational School at oat not been a single application made by a teacher to be transferred from a public school to a Denomination is School, and he might mention further, that distinguished clergymen had waited upon him and called upon the secretary to the Council of Education to express their cordial desire to co-operate in working out the Act One gentleman, the minister of a large district, a person who enjoyed the respect of the colony, had waited upon him to tell him that he was anxious to convert the whom of the schools under his control into Public schools. (Hear, near ) He was in a position to say more than this Only fk or two ago the Lord Bishop of Sidney and a number soils clergy sought and had a conference with the Council of Education The s conference was asked for some days before hand by the Bishop, and the Council required him v '55 m writing the subjects he desired to confer upon it did so, the conference took place, and lasted a whole forenoon, during which time these subjects were fully con- sidered Amongst others the question which now formed the subject of debate arose, and, as this was a public matter, he felt he had Vktfect right to say there-and to speak on the authority of , B.P061tIon 88 President of the Council of Education that the Lord Bishop of Sydney, in the presence of the -Dean of Sydney and other clergymen, said he had no Section 6 raiSe to these Docks which the hon. member (Mr Macpherson) objected to I Mr MACPHERSON Xtet as Church of England books'] The law as it existed laid it upon the Council of Education to define the course of secular instruction in all schools It was a thing to be done perrnissiYel) they were bound to do it, and the act provided that the some course of secular S if"?n which was applicable to Public schools would be applicable to Denominational schools (Hear, hear The hon member's resolution referred to secular books, and the Lord Bishop of Sydney said no had no objection camisole thosabooks, therefore, the hon member line' present the Church of England in the House Mr EGAN He never said he did ] The hon member said in the course of his speech that certain things would not satisfy "us He (Mr Parkes) would like to know whether the hon member belonged to that other Church a ino non member was a public character, and he thought we had a right to know when he was converted. If, when no spoke of "us," he had not meant the Church of England, STITUTE) would like to knowwhomhedidmean (Mr. MACPHERSON I do mean the Church of England, not in Í5,urch,0f infidels. if there is such a thing ) (Laughter he Mlieved these books were acceptable to nearly the whole I too population, and he believed that the only body of Serbia was "done? objected to them were the clergy I still Roman Catholic Church. He did not desire to speak oW,. 1.? Africa but he really believed that the 21ST in the books were confined almost entirely to the allow j not' how came it that amongst these children trL, I WCL6 Roman Catholics? Notwithstanding the tremendous efforts made to compel Catholic parents not to SSE . children <° the schools, still so strong was the swim to raise their children, that it rose above their 1870 Which WM as strong-' in favour of hall They' are' on "Plan of our efforts to the con Ufsry, thefts Catholic children did attend in num less rroP0,'tl(>I*ca' to ,bB)r number in the population. Another conference of the Bishops was hold with name meet of the Government. He (Mr. Parkes) had the honour of being waited upon by Bishops of the Roman Catholic Church, and amongst other things their for ships laid before him, as a member of the Government, a paper stating what they considered to be absolute conditions for their concurrence in any system of public education in tem paper the proposition was that in mixed schools the Roman Catholic pupils should receive nJ relifeioiiH instruction, moral or doctrinal, in common with the children of other denominations This was one of the things which they said were Indiamen sale A few days afterwards the Vicar General of the Roman Catholic Church addressed a letter to the Council of LehnatioD, enclosing a series of resolutions which had been adopted at a conference of Roman Catholic clergy The first resolution was " That we, the Catholic clergy of the diocese 1 Sydney, cannot, and will not accept any series of books for use in our primary schools which shall not have received the sanction of our Archbishop That the series of school books published by the Christian Era tiers, and also the series at present used in the Roman Catholic schools of England, under the Privy Council system of education, having been sanctioned by his Grace the Archbishop, either of the series will be accepted for use in our schools It would be recollected that in their memorandum The bishops stated that they could not submit to any religions teaching in mixed schools, and it would be recollected the proper authorities fear Church objected to the series of books spoken of," and desired to substitute one or either of the two series mentioned in the Vicar General s resolutions In all these Roman Catholic Denominational schools there was a large proportion of Protestant children, and the Act which the Legislature passed expressly provided that no child should be refused admission into any Denominational school on account of its pref s' creed As a fact, there were many Protestant children in the Roman Catholic Schools, and us this was interesting he would read to the House a list of Roman Oath The Schools with the proportions of Protestants and Roman Catholics in them. At St. Leonards there was a Roman Catholic School, in which there were 71 pupils, 49 of whom were Roman Catholics and 22 Protestants At Kincumber, there were 11 children in a school, 28 were Roman Catholics and 16 Protestants. At Kurragong there was a school of CO children, 34 of whom were Roman Catholics and 31 Protestants. At Penrith there were 58 pupils in a Catholic School, 81 of whom were Catholics and 11 Protestants At Ryde there were 37 in a school, or were Roman Catholics and 22 w o Protestants. At Richmond there were 10 children in a school, 53 were Catholics and 18 were Protestants. At Windsor, in a school of 150 pupils, there were 130 Roman Catholics and 20 Protestants At Appin, in a school of 54, there were 10 Catholics and 18 Protestants At Jamberoo, on a school of 57, there were 10 Catholics and 17 Protestants At Spaniard's Hill, in a school of 68, there were no Roman Catholics and 13 Protestants. At Grafton, in a school of 70, there were 13 Catholics and 27 Protestants. At Hartley, in a school of 32, there were 20 Catholics and 12 Protestants At Berrima, in a school of ol, there were 34 Catholics and 18 Protestants. At Mitta gong in a school of G2, there were 42 Catholics and 20 Protestants. At Nerrigundah, in a school of 63, there were 41 Cathe 1 66 and 22 Protestants At Yass, in a school of 22 scholars, there were 73 Catholics and 19 Protestants Let hon. members recollect that the Roman Catholic bishops objected to religious teaching, but that the official organ of the Roman Catholic Church demanded that we should substitute for our secular books, which taught the children to read and write simply, which were offensive to nobody, which did not convey any religious instruction, but merely taught reading, writing, arithmetic, and grammar that we should substitute for them books of one of the series mentioned in the resolutions be had read Here was a primer, a book for teaching children their ABC -" When you come to school, you make the sign of the cross before you begin your lessons. You make it each time the clock strikes, and when you say your prayers" And this was what the hon member's motion asked us to do. (Hear, hear ) As far as a resolution of the House could do it, the hon. member would break the law. (Hear, hear ) After all the battle for preserving the best system of secular instruction, hon members would destroy it all if they passed this resolution. This (the primer) was one of the books which we were to introduce into these schools in the face of the Bishop h assertion that they objected to religious instruction What consistency was there in the proceedings of these gentlemen ? Then there was the second Book, the sequel to the one he had just quoted from - In this book, which it was proposed to put into the hands of the twenty-two Protestant children at Ryde, where there were only fifteen Roman Catholic children, were the following words " When a priest says Mass, he was a some one to wait on him, to answer him in the prayers, and to move his book. This is called serving at Mass. Little boys are generally chosen to Rene the priest, and when they have to do this they ought to think it the greatest honour that can be done them We should think it an honour to wait upon a king out God is the King of kings, and when abovBorveBat mass he is waiting upon God. He standing close to the. Star, which is God's throne When he rings the Lord. Jesus Christ is on that altar, and the angels are all around it, for they come there to adore our Lord, What core, therefore, a little boy should take to be devout and respectful when he serves at mass This was what they were asked to put into the hands of their Protestant children [An hon. member It is absurd 1 If attend, why not accept the books the Council gives the highest class books which could be obtained for money for teaching the rudiments of secular instruction In the face of the declaration that the Bishops did not wish us to give their children religious instruction, they asked the Council to abrogate the law to withdraw the books which the Council had sanctioned and Euletitute these for them. He had read specimens of one of these series, and he would now read a specie ion or another, from the " Christian Brothers" Service This was the first, or A. B C. book, and the specimens which he should read were as follows - " As there is but one God, so there is but one true faith, and one true Church. By the grace of God I am in this church, where I have the true faith I should often make the sign of the cross of that is, bless myself I should also learn what that holy sign means, and take care not to make it in too great haste Even a child like me should make acts of faith, hope, and love, 'then 1 will often say ' O my God ! I believe in thee, and in all thy Church teaches'" (Hear, hear. An hon member "IneroiBnc harming) Perhaps not, but this was what they were asked to put into the hands of Protestant children Would the hon gentleman (a Roman Catholic) like his child to be reared in the doctrines of the Protestant faith ? the Act provided that no child should be refused admission into school on account of his religious faith, and this being so, no book should be permitted that gave off once to the religious faith of any child 'The Roman Catholic Bishops objected to any religious instruction at all, and yet with marvellous inconsistency they asked the Council to withdraw thebotksnow provided, and substitute these books which certainly ought not to be placed in the hands of Protestant children The same book from which he had quoted, had the following story -"A poor girl, lying on her death bed, was visited by two of the Sisters of Charity "-and he legged to be understood that he was speaking with a reverential feeling, and with pr found respect for those ladies who had done so much good in the world. " A poor man, lying on her death-bed, was visited by two of the Sisters of Charity 1 her found her instructed in the duties of religion, and well disposed for the awful message to eternity. On visiting her a second time, they perceived that her last hour was fast approaching, and one of them having reminded her of it, exhorted her to invoke the Blessed Virgin, whose intercession in most powerful at that trying moment, the poor girl raised her eljmgeyes, looked at the lady for a moment, and replied, that she had gone to the convent school, where she had been taught to say the Hull ' Marj, whenever she heard the clock strike, and that she had continued to do so even when she was selling roots in the market. She then burst forth into the most ardent expressions of the consolations which it afforded her, and of the confidence she had that the Blessed Virgin would not now desert her. She died soon after This was, indeed, a holy practice, and one that cannot be too strongly recommended to young persons It tends to remind them of death, and to excite their no confidence in the protection of the Mother of God. 'Iho Hail ' Mary, is one of the most excellent prayers we can use. Part of it was brought from Heaven by the angel Gabriel when he came to announce to the Blessed Virgin that she was to be the mother t of God , part of it was spoken by St. Elizabeth, inspired by the Holy Ghost, when the Blessed Virgin went to visit her and part of it was made by the Church How beautiful are the words of which it is composed 'Hail, Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee, blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus Holy Mary, mother of God, pray for us sinners now, and at the time of our death Amen.' A child who by his little prayer ten or twelve times in the day, will have Mid it about four thousand times at the end of the year If like this poor girl, he were on his deathbed and could reflect that he had said this prayer piouely'guch a number of times, what consolation would it not afford him' May he not confidently hope that the Blessed Virgin, on whom he had called so frequently during life, would not forsake him at that awful moment when he will most stand in need of her assistance J Remember, however, that it is not by merely praying to the Blessed \ origin you can save your soul. It is by leading a good life. But if you pray frequently to her she will obtain for you, from God, the grace which will enable you to do so. she will obtain for you also the greatest of all graces, a happy death.' " Now, would be hon. friend the member for Goulburn, or his hon. and rev. friend the member for West Sydney, who sent his children to school to be taught the rudiments of English education, like this He did not question the piety of those who taught this, but he would say that it was not intended by the Parliament of this country, when it passed the Public Schools Act, nor was it intended by the House at the present moment (hear, hear), to enact or sanction that the children who attended the relief schools, which were thrown open to all, should be taught the rudiments of a secular education in conjunction with religious doctrines. These books did not stop with the extracts he had read, but time would not permit him to read more. There were, moreover, passages in these books which were of a highly seditious nature This was no place to talk of the wrongs of Ireland, nor was he going to raise any question as to how that country had been governed, but he did not think it would become the members of this Government, holding office under the ques-, lo notion what was no more nor less than sedition. (Hear, hear.) If parents desired to have their children taught sedition there were places where it could be taught, but this House ought not to reach it With regard to the resolution before the House apprehended that it had not deceived anybody The object of the hon. gentleman in s resolution was to rest at the power of the Council of Edu- ation to prescribe the course of secular education in Denominational schools [Mr MACPHERSON No] The hon gentleman knew well enough what it meant What end the Act say ? the 6th section of the Act empowered the Council of Education " to frame regulations ' .- for defining the course of secular instruction " there could be no doubt about that in the proviso of the 9th section it was provided that all certified Denominational schools shall' be subject to the same course of secular instruction, the same regulations, and the same inspection as may be prescribed in reference to Public schools with such modifications, not being inconsistent with any express provision of this Act, or may be Judged to be expedient by the Council of Education It was very easy to see what these modifications were If the secular instruction occupied the whole of the time of the children, as it would if the same cause were carried on in the Denominational schools as in the public schools, it would leave no time for religious instruction, and therefore it had 1 eer modified so as to leave time for religious teach- ing That was the law, and the resolution was moved at the repeal of that law He thought he had shown that a threat change was urgently needed in the a administration of the Parliamentary grants for oil j enlion Noone of unprejudiced mind would doubt that this Public Schools Act was suited to the complicated nature i of things as they existed in the colony. He might even ) i mt to the sister colony of Victoria where a more Hweepn it. as ensure was introduced into Parliament, and, by being so, IjiIciI The Act in this colony, by reason of its moderate character, had succeeded, and he ventured to say that it had proved a great success (Hear, hear An insure That had been instrumental in planting Fifty seven schools in seven months where they had not before existed and find carried The means of education to no lower than 2"0 children, who, without it, would not have had any education at all, was a great and eminent success (Unir, hair) If it had not proved so successful there were many reasons and apolotaeB which could have I cm given why) it had not proved successful The work was great , the measure required great labour and much time, but notwithstanding this by close application on the part of the Council, the Act had 1 ten brought into effective operation An idea of the labour of the Council may be gathered from the fact that they had held fifty two meetings, nearly all of them commencing at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and continuing till a late hour in the evening This was a suffield mirror of the labours of those gentlemen, who received no reward If the Government had shown that this Act was? a great success through the labors of those gentlemen, the House would be slow to lend itself to a motion set mischievous in its design as that before the House He felt sure that the intelligence which carried through the Act with such triumphant success would watch withjeolousiytB any attempt to interfere with it (Hear, hear, and cheers Lot the Act go on a reasonable time So far it had been worked honest)), zealously, and with a single desire to credit the colony, wait till the end of the year and then institute any inquiry the House might, think fit, and he did not think the House would be doing its duty unless some inquiry were instituted He considered it was the duty of the House, at the proper time, to institute the most searching inquiry, to know how the grants for educational purposes were administered, but it was only fair to ask the Board to leave it till that time in the Act was found to be defective, then cure its defects, but let them not render it VHlnelisk by such an absurd act of self stultified lion-b) adopting a resolution which, if not mischievous in its effects was on account of the feeble power behind it (Cheers ) Mr. MACLEAY thought his hon friend hardly thought, when he moved the resolution before the House, that it would have the effect of giving the Colonial Secretary an opportunity of telling almost the same tale that he had told the people of Kiama, and others more than once their attention had been directed to one point and one point alone Hon members had had a repetition of the self glorification which the hon Colonial Secretary had been in the habit of indulging himself in for several months past, The hon member for Kiama had gone over the bill he seemed so pre rid of, and which, bad job it was, still contained little of what then gentleman originated, The hon gentleman had taken this opportunity when a motion of a different kind was before the House, to bring forward a large number of documents purporting to throw blame on a large number of individuals without having the ear dear to state the names of those individuals He professed that he was quite ready to do so, but took no notice of the request of the hon member for East Macquarie Mr PARKES I will give them now if they are desired Mr MACLEAY Why did the hon gentleman not do it when the request was made? He (Mr Macleay) did not care a fig about them, for every sentence that fell from the hon. gentleman was beside the question now under discussion All the hon member attempted to do was to damage the Denominational schools of the colony If the statistics and information the hon member gave were as correct as the statement he made with regard to the fifty-seven new schools to which he had referred, they were worth little When the hon member endeavoured to explain the formation of these school with wonderful forgetfulness of the position with which he had started he showed that, instead of being I am eight to eighty miles distant from other schools they were in the majority of instances much less, some of them being only two and a half miles away from other schools The hon. gentleman also wished to shew that his system of Public schools had been so sad cessful that no applications had been made for Denham national schools But no man in his senses would apply to such a Bor rd for assistance under the Denomination it is tem ' That Board seemed to have expressed an intention, in utter defiance of the Act, to put a stop to the existence of these schools Considering the manner in which the state were made by the hon member had been put forward, the want of reliable data, and the unwillingness shown to com ply with the request made by the hon. member for East Macquarie, non members would be justified in doubting the accuracy of he reports furnished. The hon member might believe them but before he (Mr. MaJenv) placed much reliance on them he should like to know what sort of inspic ora the hon. gentleman had circle) ed He alluded to him she President of the Be ores, although he believed he was the Board itself just as practical as he was the Ministry He had heard it said the evening that no had som" Mormons among his inspectors, and it had been suggested that it was probable the hon. gentleman might be ambitious to succeed Bagh the Young, and that he was paving the way towards increasing the rate of the sect ofMormtnita in 'ms count -y That, however, was beside the matter at issue The question was whether the Board had acted legally in making certain by laws of He believed the position held by the hon member was illegal, inasmuch as it was contrary to the intention of the Parliament of the country that the Colonial 'Secretary) should to President of the Board It would be more difficult to remove the hon. member now than if he were ex ozone President, because if he were to cease to be a member of the Government to morrow he would remain a member of the Board, and continue to run and kick against all Denomi- national Schools That the hon Colonial Secretary, who was a despiser of clergymen, and a number of bishops, should in such ferns have referred to an interview with the Bishop at Sydney) was certainly extraordinary) It seemed at the 5s a weak cause had induced him to seek the support of those whom he for nearly despised By the law of last session it was determined that certain Denominational schools should be allowed to exist, and have a continuance, and the law of the land ought to be respected But "he maintained that the law was overridden by the regulation of the Council in regard to the use of books which had been published in the daily papers, but which had not yet been laid on the table of the House the mode of altering the operation of the Act was extremely inconvenient, and such a construction ought to be put upon it as to render it no longer a matter of doubt as to what its future operation should be He confessed that until very lately he was under the impression that the hon member for Kiama-who might be regarded as not only the President of the Board, but the whole Board-had a determination to carry out the provisions of the Act in conformity with his idea of what the Act ought to have been rather than with what the Act really was, and he had believed that the hon member was determined to carry out the Act so as to p men one particular sect of religionists who had particularly opposed the bill He should look upon any such feeling as a public disgrace. But he believed that a few days ago the Colonial Secretary had distinctly asserted that that was not the fact, and he was willing to take the hon gentleman's denial It was advisable that the provisions under the Act should be perfectly plain, so that no misconception or injury should be inflicted by the operation of the law Mr BUCHANAN said that the House must have been struck by the lateness of the reply which had been attempted to the able address of the Colonial Secretary. The speech of the hon member for the Murrumbidgee was the very exemplification of feebleness , puerility followed puerility, and just in proportion as he had been elevated by the colossal grandeur of the speech of the Colonial Secretary, in that proportion had he felt humiliated by the wretched twaddle that had been uttered by the hon. member who had had the audacity to put it forward as a reply At the time the bill was before Parliament, he, in common with other hon members, had advocated a purely secular system of education, and the time would yet come when the State would initiate such a system as being best suited to the necessities of our condition. He believed that each a system, stripped of all religions encumbrances, would shortly he reintroduced into the Parliament of Victoria and be triumphantly carried. The fact was that the smallest iota of secular knowledge could not be inculcated without there being at the same time a recogni- tion of some grand fundamental principle of religious truth Purely religious instruction should begin at the cradle and be continued to the grave. By the attitude which some clergymen stock in reference to his question, they asserted that their dogmas were superior to that intense solicitude and that boundless love which existed in the mother's breast, and which would lead her to instil nothing but have into the heart of her child Those clergymen said that children must necessarily become infidels if they, forsooth, had not the power of stuffing their minds with all manner of trash and nonsense in their Denominational schools ' We said that it was utter impossibility for the State to indoctrinate children into the religious dogmas of the different sects. All that we could do was to give the children a good sound secular education, leaving it to their parents and sisters to inculcate religious truth When the bill was before the House we did not altered i e e all, but we succeeded in a large degree wil hu eyeful ,, ( publishing these Public schools and to use-! mu in Boards, and amalgamating them in one in strike,.' a deadly blow at the withering blight of di comm 11 nullum which scorched everything with which it rumba on it They aimed at a large measure of roi man they had reason to be thankful that they earned see me I t . tney J d when they recorded the elaborate mi c int dinary array of facts that the Colonial car' had to impartially laid before the Hone the minute' Although they desired o might (he created 1 merce more festive and directive for the purposes for it c, it was on planted it was gratifying to know that it in its meeT been done under the influence of that Act I bete marshalled asserted that Denominationalism was in the wi Tective that it failed in every sense to instruct the children are rely, and it was proved, by the enlightened ripens or tuna inspectors, that it was a failure and says Pitfield by the priests of the Catholic Church The Church of England and the Church of Rome were the. enormous influences the supporters of th 11 ennui had had to contend against, but it had triumphed Finally as not a single application since the Act came into operation had been made for originating a Dénomma*mm 1 school while, fifty seven public schools had been established on the applications of the people" themselves We bid me too, the Church of England as a be ely expressed, their eye arrival of the Act, convinced of its efficacy and re iv and willing to extend its operation Norwood this wish he ex 1 ordinary testimony to the sundriES and vis him on the measure The ruler of this resolution was- doing, what the opponents of the measure has been done > I) kiting busing their opposition upon falsehood mitrarrestntittuií., stirs fraud He (Mr Buchanan) or creed, It it s lecture, was delivered the other day, by the Rev. Sar Wn'llrnv (a clergy man of the Catholic Church), and 11 he- was reported correctly, he said that if a child mentioned the regret of the Creator in any Catholic school, he was whipped find it t teacher did so he was dismissed Surely there was not h men in Sj deep who listened to the t>v "enjoin us but must have known that this was a false ne 1 el n- 19 was well known that he only lessons the most beauties) m morality, but others turned from the. Hi U Scriptures and sanctioned by the Archbishop of Dublin were: used in these schools, and that any Catholic part might coming in at any hour and teach the dogmas of the Church Not withstanding this the reverend gentlemen Mitted that a child was whipped for mentioning the acme of the Creator of all things The hon. member (Vir Macpher- son followed with some amount of niisrerrcseumtion and false statement He ignored the provisions of the Act of Parliament, his motion being to the "bec then the Council of Education should not Ive bound to obey the law, but act according to the dictation of the Catholic clergy, because these school books that he hated were in such bneiKii as suited Denominational purposes ("H'crtiur called to the state of the House, and quorum foruueO i These were not religious but secular- books The- It in turn were d the Council of Education to deal certain, room for the instruction of children in l'enoiemiptiounl and Public schools The Catholic clergy desired to take advantage of these secular free, and mine Catholics had books of their own The Council of Education, with, great propriety, resisted this, and insisted upon the 01 trHtian of the law to the effect that they should use the same 0001 h ha in the Public schools If the Council bjcciuiiIed to the, dictation they would have but a liiHiter eMMente. As long as public money was voted 'er schools, the public would have no sectarian inter terence He wished to find that the laity of the, Catholic Cbnria were in favour of the Public Schools Act 1 r ht ht el all along believed Catholic mothers did not want their children. merely taught the dogmas and ceremonials to relieve v but were naturally anxious that their children should have the danger signal advantages le late be raised by those who attended public holiday This was a triumphant proof that the Catholic lines were not priest ridden Let the facts Bpeali, and let. it be announced and known that the Catholic laws largely participated in the appreciation of the schools, and that ! though they had Catholic schools alongside 0 there, still in many cases the preferred to send their children re the purer atmosphere of he Public schools The bill) had been a great success , wait another year, and we should see that success increased a thousand told Mr EGAN said that one would suppose the his revolver for East Macquarie to be the most respect able man in the country and that nobody knew anything about him but hon member had particularly solicited his i,Mr Lau) to preside at a public meeting where he (Mr Bucutmuu) bed a large "draw, from the very people he was mm running down, and who he (Mr Egan) believed kept the fun member He did not know what the shire engineer had received for his speech He had appeared frequently in the apologist of the Government. He (Mr NIgan) didn't know the amount he got for his speech, but he 1 near the amount he had got for many things The hon member (Mr Buchanan) was aware of his (Mr. Egan to knowledge of those facts Mr BL ^,H AN AN Before he goes any further, I deny I that I know anything about these things, and I threw his 11 to the statement Mr SPEAKER said the debate was irregular Mr EGAN "What Estate I can prove at any n mute, but I am not going to drag the names of people, before, the House . Mr BUCHANAN Ab' take care I don't prove something enjoins' you that will astonish you (Laughter ) The SPEAKER called hon. members to mention it the question before the House Mr EGAN proceeded to express his oilmen 1 but the, statistics quoted by the Colonial Secretary were iHlsiimd The teachers of the Public schools left union,; undone. which could <'fiL0P£,e the Denominational rebels, thinking 0 please the Colonial Secretary by so doing He can claimed that there was a s r ng and Catholic spirit among, bon Hiemltrs, and that Very little toleration was shown to the Catholics. Mr FORSTER said he addressed himself to the question with considerable diffidence, because he had some doubt whether the triumph of the principles his hotel as this question was not obtained at some sacrifice of Constitutional , principle He though for many reasons, that it would have been better if the House had some into committee to consider these resolutions in their integrity It was not only he day of the House to see that tbmntcu lions of the Parliament a passing the Act were promise 1 it, but also to see that the Government and their duty in accordance with their constitutional position so far at he could see the hon the Colonial Secretery huockI in the same object as he (Mr Forster) did, for he was traveling in the same road as the hen gentleman, only a very long way behind him (hear, hear, and laughter but it was his duty to see that that object was carried out locally He, had gone through the Regulations, and he must confess that he could no see anything very objectionable in them. With regard to the constitution of the Council 0 Eelucutie u he thought too many gentlemen occupying ethers position had been placed upon it. He thought the museum of the Levis nature was entirely destroyed when two members of the Ministry and the Speaker were appointed to it the independence of the board was. entirely destroyed by having so many official r-erscrHti^et, upon it For his part, he should have patience to me ing Act of adminstered directly by the Govern scene so that if might be directly responsible to the House A 1 resent the Colonial Secretary was the Board, for he thought the Speaker had too nice an idea of his delicate collier and his duty to that House to occupy an index eden position of the Board The House had a inst. linament duty to perform in taking care to the Council of Education, in framing the Regulations, hael nea gone beyond the spirit of the Act They were bound, also, to see that the Government had not trenched upon the j cost. conferred upon them In looking at the 8th and '9th see more of the Act, he thought the Council was fully ripe u creek to frame the regulations which they had an de end he must say that he thought the Colonial Secretary but complete)? vindicated the Board in this respect. The Act cou completed the formation of two kinds of schools, T ultlic s boots and Denominational schools, and the power which the Council of Education possessed was almost sufficient to obliterate these latter schools altogether For himself he should'] prefer a strictly secular system of education in operation As the Government had full power to prescribe the course of secular instruction in Denominational schools', It seemed to him to follow, as a necessary consequence, that they had power to define all Books to be used in ¿enononiitiiini 1 schools during those hours which were two ed to secular instruction He regretted, however, that the language of the resolution was so ambiguous, me that the word ordinary had been used instead of secular" He thought his hon friend would fail to induce the House to agree with his resolution, on the ground that the Government had exceeded its powers Still, he could not shut his eyes to the fact that the tendency of these Rhynie HouR was to obliterate Denominational si needs, and absorb them under one secular system As much as. he was in favour of a secular system of education, it attain to wait established by legislation and not by regulation He wished this not becometh loved secular education lets, but because be love a constitutional liberty more Hewat of opinion that the House did not do its duty in passing the Public Schools Act in so burned a manner and with so, many defects If that Act had been more part of the House would have been spared the present discussion He could not however, vote for the present motion 1 case he did not think it would meet the difficulty, The dangers, of the co arte taken by the Government presented Kaniva strongly to his mind Eon membert were following a course which has become common, in hand 0 1 v t e the Government the carrying out and interpret it as seen -which involved changes almost of an organic and 1 Uev back armed the Government with ambiguous powers end a duty which it would have been creditable to hon members to discharge they were leaving to the Govmin cut to our form in a manner neither creditable to them to the country they governed (Hear, hear ) On the motion of Dr LANG, seconded by Mr hfaAN, the debate was adjourned until after the Omer paint b mi ness on the following day. The House adjourned at eight must rest U, wall 3 0'clock on the following day 