\- Coe &B;¡mes JWdWínti jBeralö. .-SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1867. IfV the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers, in answer to questions, said : Thatthe per- sons employed in the trafiic department of the Great Northern Kail way were paid weekly wages, which included holidays ; and that the Government would decide upon the best means of communication between Braidwood and Marulan when the report from the Engineer of Hoads was received. A petition was presented from Thomas Smith, of Pyrmont, relative to the extension of his waterside property at Pyrmont. Ihe House went into committee on the claim of Mrs. Nowland, for land at Muswellbrook thken for railway purpose ; and('after some opposition from Mr. J. Stewart, agreed to an address to the Governor to place *381 8s. Id. on the Estimates to compensate that lady. Dr. Land moved the second reading of the bill to repeal the Act restricting Chinese immigration. In 1851, after the discovery of our gold-fields there had been a large influx of immigration from Europe and America, accompanied at the same time by an immigration from China. After a time collisions took place Detween the Chinese and the Europeans on the gold-fields, the result of which was that an Act was "passed to restrict immigration by imposing a capita- tion tax on them; the object being by making this tax so high that it would prohibit their entrance. Since then, this Chinese immigration had ceased, and the men had so decreased in number that they now formed only 2-60 of our population. There was non no need for the alarm that had been formerly felt, whilst it would at any time be easy enough to put the drag on in the event of any danger showing itself. Mr Li cas defended the Act restricting the immi- gration of Chinese It had fully answered the pur poso for which it had been pass°d, and as there -«as no further immigration from China there was no necessity to repeal the present Act The public feel- ing against the Chinese was just as strong as ever, and on that ground he should oppose the bill Mi J Stevvaut supported the bill, though he feared it ivas opposed to popular feeling The Chinese However, were as much entitled to considera- tion as the inhabitants of any other country, and the present restrictions on them ought to be removed Mr It Stfvvaht opposed the bill, because the whole of the clasB who most came into contact with these people w ere idverae to their presence amongst them I ne churge w-is not so high as to amount to a prohibition if the men desired to corre here to settle, w hilst if they onlj came to ehg for gold, and to go a wa), they ought not to be considered The question was put and earned, and the bill was read a second time In committee, on the 1st clause, a lengthy discus- sion ensued as to the adusaltlitj of repealing the Chinese Immigration Act In the course of the d s cussion, Mr Parkes ga-ve some interesting data founded on returns he had had prepared From thebe it appeared that of the prisoners under confine- ment in our gaols, the proportion, as regarded popula- tion, was three Europeans to two Chinese At the same time, whilst manj of the Europeans were im- prisoned for minor offent.es, the C1 inese were all but invariably conMCted of heil j crimes Progress was reported, and leave given to sit ngam Mr Duos moved for the papers connected with, the cancellation of the conditional purchase at Wam- bangalong, of Mr John Graham and Mr George Graham Ile land was claimed by Mr M'lullop, the holder of the run, on. the ground that there were impíos ementa on the land to the value of £40 The surveyor, Mr Fisher, reported that the improvements we re not of the value stated, whilst the Crown Lands Commissioner, Mr Daniel, afterwards reported that thej were of the value mined Mr Wilson stated that the Commissioner s repart vv as the first, when he gave the value at £70 As this »a? said tobe excessive, Mr Tisher was sent, and he reported that the unproi ementa were of little or no ?vnlue lhis was probably owing to the fact that va. ti e interim the huts and sheepyards w ere burnt dow a lhe Government had since decided upon setting apart the land occupied bj the wells as a reserve for water- ing stock After some remarks from Mr Cctmhinos the motion was, bj leave, withdrawn lhe HouBe adjourned at two minutes to 9 till 3 o clock on luesdaj next Our readers will observe from other columns the progress of our political affairs. They will hnd that important measures are under .dis- cussion, and that many in the Assembly seem to look at them with the indecision and uncertainty of men who feel that they are called upon to I determine subjects too large for their compre- hension, and too complex for their mental training to unravel. At present there is no organised Opposition, and no leader who com- mands numbers which can render him formid- able to the Administration. Its danger will arise from want of internal adhesion and from the absence of party authority in the House. There is nothing to prevent at any moment the breaking up of a Government whose followers have no settled opinions, and many of whom are chiefly anxious not to be the last. The disasters inflicted by the floods have been partly effaced by the benevolence of the colonies, and partly by the benignity of the season. This is clear, since the Floods Relief Committee have adjourned, carrying to account for future use a respectable balance. £2G,U00 has been col- lected. A pleasing manifestation of common in- terests has shown itself in connection with these visitations. Not only has this colony, from even its most distant borders, contributed something towards relief, but we have received from almost every principal place in the Australias more or less expression of good will. These are grati- fying indications, because while the past year has shown with what rapid ruin certain portions of the country may be overtaken, there is in the present day, and with the existing state of feeling, no danger that any public calamity will leave large numbers at any time in absolute want. The colony, like every part of the British Empire, has been thrilled with deep emotion by the news of the cruel murder committed by J uarez. No event of modern times, unless the death of Prince Albert, has caused more genuine or universal tears. Even those who may have their peculiar views of the policy of that movement, of which Maximilian was made the head and finally the victim, see in the wanton slaughter not only an instance of inhuman depravity, but an affecting example of reverse. The descendant of Maria Theresa slain by such beings and in such a cause ! The daughter of " Leopold, the wise " bereft of reason through the troubles, dangers, and unhappy fate of her noble husband T All the usual tokens of sympathy were shown in this port. The colony is putting on its best dress in the expectation of a visit which seems to be highlj gratifying in anticipation, and which we trust will be equally so in the fulfilment. The arrival of the Duke of Edinburgh is a manifestation of royal interest in remote dependencies, which of course must be always pleasing. If this young man has lo do all that is expected of him -all that is at-ked with something like a defiance of refusal-he will indeed have no light task to fulfil. It is one of the great duties of the President of America to stand in a certain position on the Day of Independence, and shake hands with every man that may choose to cross his threshold. His arm is exposed to intolerable severity and his hand lo every form of pressure frem the lightest touch to the vyce-like grasp. The Prince, we presume, will not have to undergo any such direct contact or manual torture-but he is expected to lay foundation stones-to inspect agricultural shows-to ex- hibit on the " light fantastic toe "-to make excursions in the far interior, and to perform all sorts of acts of grace and labours of love. We may therefore wish him well through his short visit if the claims now coming in daily upon his attention are to be taken as the average'of what he has in reserve. It may be as well for us lo remember that though the arrival.'of a Prince is a rare incident in the colonies, and the novelty of the situation may account for excitement and popular display, homage is with Princes a daily affair, and that such demonstrations are to the Duke of Edin- burgh familiar as a common tune. All pressure, therefore, of extraordinary fervour ; all that personal enthusiasm which obtrudes I itself upon the notice of a gentleman so situ- I .ated, is wholly out of place, and will be, ex- cept to a very genorous heart, entirely unwel- come. "VVhat we ought to do is to have our gala days, to be satisfied with them, and then to let the Princv. do just what he thinks proper with the short interval of time which will be allowed before his departure from among us. It is'to be regretted that the state of the Governor's health will not assure his continu- ance with us beyond the 24th November. We are sorry to learn that there is nothing which would encourage his venturing to remain even on an occasion so important. The health of his Excr.u.ENCYmust be too highly prized by those who value his society most, for them not to wish that he should be as soon as possible on his way to that country where, in all probability, symptoms will be arrested which would not yield in the Beat of an Australian summer. The public feeling expressed towards Sir John , Young must have been highly gratifying even , to one so experienced as himself. Knowing I as he j does what popularity is, and how soori men are forgotten when they disap- pear, he ¡must still see that there is a larger than usual residuum of genuine interest and regard. He has merited and has been so for- tunate as to obtain the confidence and esteem of men who do not give either, excepting upon a judgment formed upon a character established. Although the rules of the Colonial Office pro- hibit the jreception of gifts from colonists by a Governor"they do not preclude the employment of money in raising some memorial to an honoured name. This the colonists propose to effect, and the committee appointed, in numbers and strength, ought to be sufficient to secure ample means for a result worthy of the resources and professions of the people. The termination of the wise and effective Government of Sir John Young at the present time, is, in all respects, to be regretted. The host of the Prince will now depend upon the period of his arrival. Whoever may hap - pen to do the honours of the house the colony itself is shewing in preparation that it is not in- tended to, pass over the occasion without a display of loyaltj- in the usual form. We are to have new liveries for our states- men, new gowns for our wives. There is to be much display of'millinery in all the forms in which these articles are wrought up, to give superhuman attractions to human beauty. Indeed, in every respect it is the intention of the colony to " come out." Three great questions have been occupying the attentibn of Parliament and the public during the last week-the Land Bill, the Budget, and a proposal for railway extension. But though separate questions, they have all been chiefly discussed as they relate to the public finance. The Land Bill has been pro- posed by the Government as a means of con- siderably increasing the revenue. The railway has been proposed by the Government as a wise expenditure of public money and as .'not in- volving any additional obligations beyond what the proposed land policy would meet ; and the Budget haá been expounded for the purpose of shewing how the land policy and railway policy dovetailed together, and of therefore com- mending both to the favourable attention of the Legislature. The Budget speech was so far satisfactory, that it showed the annual revenue to have been for the last three years in excess of the expendi- ture, and that by a continually increasing amount. The accumulated surplus will, it is hoped, at the end of the present year, be not less than a quarter of a million sterling. The addi tienal taxation, therefore, unpopular as ad valorem duties are, has been steadily replenish- ing the Treasury. The last two or three years have been marked by great commercial depres- sion, and as there is a reasonable prospect of better times coming, it is fair to hope that the an- nual surplus will grow. As it accumulates it is to be appropriated to the extinction of the deficit which accrued during two years in which the expenditure was thoughtlessly allowed to over- step the income-a deficit that has been tempo rarily disposed of by short loans. This obligation is now in course of extinction. The TREASUREBdoes not propose any new taxes of importance for the purpose of attacking it, be- lieving that, with the growing prosperity of the colony and by the aid of the temporary assist- ance of Exchequer bills which he proposes to issue, the debt will be steadily extinguished. The process would be more rapid than it is if it were not that the annual expenditure seems to grow with the increase of income, and out of proportion to any increase of the population. This is the weak point in our financial admini- stration. From all points of the compass the Government is besieged for expenditure. Public works of every variety are urgently called for, and Government has to undertake many things elsewhere left to private enterprise. To refuse compliance with requests is very un- popular, and only a very strong and very courageous Government can venture to do it. The extension of municipal institutions will to some extent diminish the claims on the central Government, and a bill to promote munici- palities will be brought before Parliament dur- ing the present session. The only new tax the Treasurer proposes is one of sixpence a gallon on kerosene oil, but amended Acts are to make the stamp duties more comprehensive, and to prevent, if possible, the present evasion of the ad valorem duty. It is expected that this will cause some,improve- ment in the revenue, and, in consideration of that fact, the Package Duty Act, which lapses at the end of the year, is not to be renewed. In order to make the land yield a larger revenue, it is proposed to give to the squatters leases of their runs for fifteen years, at the same time charging them a higher rental. It ! is calculated that by this means an additional ' £200,000 a year may be obtained without any (ax upon the general community. The scheme, however, lias been objected to on several grounds and by opposite political parties, and it is therefore premature at present to count upon this particular increase. At the same lime the Crown lands undoubtedly form a most valuable property, and under judicious management may be made to yield to the revenue more tháa they have ever done yet. . The railway policy of the Government con- sists of a proposal to borrow three millions sterling for railway construction. Of this amount one million is required to complete the three lines-north, south, and west already authorised, and the cost of which has . been found to exceed the estimate. This amount will be voted without demur, because, although it is disappointing to find the engineering estimates exceeded, it would be folly lo leave the works unfinished. The remaining two millions are required for the purpose of extending the Southern line fromthe town of Goulburn westward to a point on "the Murrumbidgee, where the river is easily navi- gable. This proposal has been met with a goed deal of opposition, and does not seem likely to obtain final acceptance. By a vigor- ous application of the whip, the Governmeni has secured in the Assembly a majority of nine lo consider the proposal in committee. But several members who voted for Hie resolution spoke against the project, and, while wishing to save the Government from a defeat, intend in committee to dispose of the scheme. The ground of this opposition is wholly prudential. The state of the London money market is, no doubt, in the highest degree tempting. Never before was money so cheap, and never were there such fair prospects of borrowing on good term«. But it is not always wise to go into debt becauss persons are willing to lend. And looking at the limited population of the colony, and at the debt already contracted there is a predominant disposition to be cautious, and not to presume too much. Our railways at present, convenient as they are, do no not pay above two per cent, on the invested capital. They have yat to develops a traffic, and until the lines now authorised are completed, a full and fair test of their remunerativeness will not be established, because the woi Icing lines have not yet penetrated sufficiently far into'the heart of the country. There is, therefore,,a strong feeling that before incurring any additional debt, and running the risk of having to submit to higher ad valorem duties, we should complete the works now on hand, and wait to see their financial results. If they realise expectation then there will be a sound basis fox futher operations. The Government, which was rather proud of ils own project, and was sanguine of securing for it the public approval, had somewhat prematurely entered into negotiations for a loan with the local firm of Messrs. Koiín and Co., agents for Messrs. Opih.niieim and Co., of Paris, and Messrs. Fruhlen and Goschen, of London. The arrangement was that the corf tractors were to take the loan at 8-1, paying all expenses. But the negotiation has been bo unn ersally condemned both in Parliament and out of doors, that the Government have with- drawn it. Supposing the loan to be sanctioned at all, which is extremely doubtful, it will be negotiated either through some special agent despatched to England, or through a committee of the associated colonial banks. Supreme Court or Qur.EN8LA.Nn.-Mr. "William Crane, Clerk of Potty Sessions at tho Water Police Oilloe, has been appointed a CommiaBionei of tho Supreme Court of Queensland, to take bail and affidavite, and to examino witnesses in all actions and proceedings in the said Court. Mr. James Anderson at the Viciojua Theatue - Attora week's performance hy Mr. Anderson, during winch period he has sustained tho characters of CoriolanuB, Hamlet, and Benedick-all as dieeimilar as any three dia- meters of Shakepere con be-the publio are satisflad that there is now ah actor before them capable of illus- trating to tho highest degree tho conceptions of our great dramatists. Mr. Anderson's Coriolanus, as wo observed on the occasion of his first appearance, was the embodiment of that grand idea of the Roman patrician who would at a later timo have pissed unscathed thrpagh tho ordeal of modern degeneracy, albeit ho had the fault of exoessivo pride. Mr. Anderson's Hamlet ia a performasce of undoubted merit-it has losa of the lachrymose in it than that of any other exponent of the part who has hitherto appeared on the stage of this colony, and he introduces readings now to a Sydney aadienoe, and very effective ; of theeo wo may instance his manner of writing down the king's name in his tablets, and the oxolamation-"Uncle, thora you are"-his inter- view with Foloniua in the second aot,"which ia finely con- ceived, a distinct idea of mental abstraction being presented, broken only by his impatience of tho présenos of Polonia«, whom, however, ho satirises with the quiet air of a gentleman, and not-as is the case with lota intelligent actors-with boorish radenoss. In Hamlet?« unceremonious and, apparently, oruoi behaviour to Ophelia, in the third act, Mr, Anderson so invest« the part as to make tho reason at onoo obvious to tho audience. And hod he relented on leaving Ophelia for the last time a not uncommon occurronoo with Hamlet as presented by some actors-the inference would have been that thone by whom ho is watched would not have felt ao certain that love was not the cause of his dofect. Though addressing Ophelia, the whola passago ia intended (and made so to appear) for the cars of the King and Polonia*. From the moment Hamlet discovers that ne is observed, his whole manner ts changed, ani whatever affeo'ion he had for the confiding Ophelia ia wholly absorbed ia th« effort to deceive tho King and Folonius, and s» foroibly ia this put, as to render it scarcely necessary for them to appear during the interview. The scono with the player was' unassuming-thora waa no offort to teach by declamation, but mordy hints thrown oat for his guidance, if he chose to avail himself of them. The play scene, Hamlet's recriminatory interview with his mother, and the arrange encounter with Laertes over the grave of Ophelia, were not less excellent than thoso pas- sages to which we have alluded more fully. Tho impression Mr. Anderson's Hamlet conveys is thnt of "uniformity;" no one portion is sacrificed in order to bring out more prominontly certain passages calculated to extort applause, but every line has reooivodat his handB its due meed of consideration, and, as a resuit, a finished picture íb presented, and not an erratic sketch. Mrs. Heir's Queen deserves, as it received, espeoial marks of approbation ; Miss George's Ophelia waa creditable ; and Mr. Bogers as FoloniuB, Mr. Ireland as the King, and Mr. Lawrence as Laertes, were highly com- mendable. Tho other characters- if the ghost of Mr. Robert Heir and the gravedigger of Mr. Greville be exceptad -were not altogether what they should have been. Hamlet was performed on Tuesday and Wednesday to good houses; and on both occasions Mr. Anderson received the honoir of calls before the curtain after nearly every act. Another, and we think equally flattering compliment to his noting was the rapt attention of the audience throughout, and its impatience at the least noise. On Thursday evening the splendid comedy " Muoh Ado about Nothing," presented rar. Anderson in a character requiring qualities the very opposite of Hamlet- that of Benedick ; Mrs. Heir sustaining the part of Beatrice, Mr. Ireland Pedro, Mr. Bogers Dogberry, Mr. Heir Claudio, and Miss George Hero. Mr. Anderson's portrait ' of Benedick is fresh, and in the best vein of comedy proper : the brusque honesty with wbioh he rails at his friends, and declares nts own impermeable disposition to the assaults of the God of Love, are excellent. No less admirable and amusing is the confusion into whioh he is thrown . on overhearing that Beatrice íb enamoured of him; and his reasoning why he should roquite her affection and forego his firm determination to die an old bachelor-a pas- sage replete with genuine Shaksperian wit-was delivered in a manner so racy and telling as to make the audience laugh to tears-which is quite trae, paradoxical as it may aeem. He is no leas happy in his interviews with Boatrioe, after being caught, and from the first to last Mr. Anderson was consistent ; even when challenging Claudio he avoids all melo-dramatio display, and does the unwilling office imposed on him by Béatrice with the dignity of earnestness devoid of bombast. Mrs. Heir is truly ex- cellent as the witty Beatrice; indeed, with one exception only, baa the character ever been so well performed here. The Dogberry of Mr. Rogers was scarcely uno tuoas enough, though by no means deficient in pongenoy. This evening Mr. ABderaon appears as Richard III. Great Would Circus.-As immense house patronised the Circus last evening, being the benefit night of Mr. James Cooke, the celebrated jester of this establishment. The performances brought forward were of . character worthy of auoh a house. The fine oompany of equestrians and acrobat* appeared in their beat feat«, and the bmtficiart was never more felicitous in bia humorous dialogues with the ringmaster. The most enthusiastic applause wal elioited at almost every stage of the programme. The Lord-Chancellor, tn July lût, presented the Bot» H. John Hatch to tha Rectory of Little SUmbridge, ia Etcex, Mr. Hatch some years since was resident at Sen« ford Booie, Globe, near fcydney. 