SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1867. THE lunacy case in the matter of MACKENZIE BOWMAN being an appeal from the decision of the Primary Judge, is one - of great interest. Sir A. STEPHEN and Mr. Justice HARGRAVE took different views, and the impression left' by their judgment is very painful. It is a sorrowful thing for the colony that it so frequently happens that the Judges are not in unison-that they disagree not only in the law itself-not only in the weight which they attach to particular facts, but in the relevance of those facts to the law which they lay down. Thus it happens that suitors who are unsuccessful are tempted to venture again, or are at all events dissatisfied with the decision they receive. The lunatic in this case, a Mr. BOWMAN, is a gentleman of fortune, allowed by the Equity Court £1000 a year for his maintenance, £200 of which was paid to his doctor, £250 to his keeper, and the remainder to the lady in whose charge he was placed. Sir ALFRED STEPHEN and Mr. Justice FAUCETT, without absolutely discharging Mrs. SMITH of all blame, so diminished the force of the statements against her as to leave the impression that, upon the whole, the lunatic would be safer in her hands than in the hands of his brothers, who have applied for his custody. The views, however, of, Mr. Justice HAR- GRAVE, of the conduct of Mrs. SMITH, are expressed in terms of the strongest reproba- tion. He seems to have considered the treat- ment of the lunatic to have been negligent, parsimonious, and degrading. He even quali- fies part of this conduct as " wicked," and considers that if Mrs. SMITH is to be con- tinued in charge, it should be only under the strictest watchfulness of a responsible party, and in view of satisfying the preference of the lunatic himself, who seems to be attached to the family of his keepers. It is not bur intention to go into the merits of this long history so fully laid open by the judgment. That which strikes us as of great public interest is the statement of Mr. HAR- GRAVE affecting the original appointment of this lady, which he expresses in the following terms : -" And, thirdly, that from the first removal of Mr. BOWMAN from Mr. HART'S office, in 1858, to Mrs. SMITH'S, as detailed in the evidence of Mr. M'CULLOCH, down to the institution of these proceedings before me as Primary Judge, Mrs. Smith's attorney and professional adviser was Mr. Henry Milford, a son of one of the Judges of this Supreme Court, whose order originally handed over Mr. Bowman into Mrs, Smith's power." What is the implication of this passage ? To what does it point? What does it intend to, convey ? Mrs. SMITH has the custody of Mr. BOWMAN, and is represented to have appro- priated the greater part of the money allowed to her own use ; Mr. MILFORD is said to have been the legal adviser of Mrs. SMITH ; Mr. MILFORD is also said to be the son of Mr. Justice Milford. It is further stated that the order placing Mr. BOWMAN in the hands of Mrs. SMITH, was issued by Judge MILFORD, ?.... ... , -1 " [ ' attorney. If this passage, which forms a pro- minent part of the judgment, and is put forward in a manner to make it a great feature in the case, means anything, it certainly does imply that the family influence of the attorney upon the Judge was in some way or other connected with the transfer of Mr. BOWMAN to the client of the Judge's son. lt is a matter of first importance to the confidence of the people in our Courts that the Judges should be free from the slightest taint of personal corruption. If the relation of the parties was such as to involve a fair reflection like that con- tained in this passage the prevention of such abuses ought not to be left as a matter of taste, but to be made a matter of legislative correction. We do not profess to understand law sufficiently to know whether a sinister direction of domestic influence can be fairly inferred, and whether Mr. Justice HARGRAVE is acting a patriotic part in calling attention to the fact as a warning against judicial corruption: if so he has rendered a great service. But it must be recollected that it is one of the most damaging imputations ever cast upon a Judge of this colony. Mr. Justice MILFORD was Primary Judge at the time. He was the immediate authority in all matters relating to the custody and protection of lunatics. The abuse and wrong, if such existed, must therefore have been liable to his visitation and correction ; but from the language of Mr. Justice HARGRAVE there is reason to fear that the private interests of the parties exposed the lunatic to be a help- less and unprotected victim. The next point which seems to claim public attention is the difference in the law as laid down on this appeal. It is admitted by all the Judges that, according to the present law, no expressed remuneration can be given to a person exercising the office of "committee" or immediate guardian. But two of the Judges have arrived at thc conclu- sion that this does not preclude the use of the money by such persons for their own benefit, which may be placed in their hands for the performance of duties which are so transferred to them. It is said that it is unreasonable to suppose that the care and attention required can be given, but in prospect of some reward. It is alleged that this reward is to be found in the advantage which accrues in managing the lunatic and dealing with the provision made for his mainte- nance. By Mr. Justice HARGRAVE it is denied that any such reward can be suffered. Cases were produced in which the highest judicial authorities have stated both these views; one declaring that it is unreasonable to suppose that guardians are not to be paid, and all agreeing that no " account " can be required of the manner in which they spend the money with a view to its being refunded. This is in our opinion a very important point, because it is perfectly certain that, excepting under the influence bf the strongest affection, no one would charge himself with the care of a lunatic over whom it was necessary to watch incessantly and whose habits might render him peculiarly offensive, except in view of adequate advantage. If the law says this must not be, and if the practice, nevertheless, in view of a necessity which cannot be avoided, is to wink at this appropriation, then it is a snare, and the sooner the law is amendéd the better. What misery would have been often avöided if the Court had given to the parties in charge of lunatics a fixed amount in payment of their care, and required an exact return of all other expenses incurred. The production of a number of accounts, and the reference to others which are declared by Mr. Justice HARGRAVE to be mythical and even grossly fraudulent, show the absurdity of leaving these matters to the absolute discretion of any guardian. In paying for the maintenance of lunatics who possess large property, it is right that an ex- tremely liberal remuneration should be given. To measure it by the separate cost of à sane single gentleman is absurd. Who would accept such a charge on any such terms? While there are many lunatics that are past all medical aid, there are many others whose disease is as much amenable to treatment as any to which humanity is heir, and their accustomed attendance and surroundings constitute one important facility of cure. No function of a Court of Equity can be of greater moment than the exercise of a most rigorous control over all those who have the charge of its wards. The Court is in the place of natural protectors, and is bound to see that they have the full benefit of all those means provided by parents of whose affection death has deprived them. IT is highly repulsive to a great and inventive people like the Americans to follow the leading of any of the nations of Europe. In govern- ment, war, industry, colonisation, religion, they are proud of their freedom and independence. They claim in these matters to be leatlers, not followers. In tho matter of dress, however, the Great Western Republic suffers herself to be led in the most abject servility at the chariot wheels of the inventors of demi-temps, so piquantly pourtrayed by the Saturday Review, the Lorettes and Mantuaqueens of Longchamps in Paris. The women of America, with the spirit to be expected from personages who were the real motive powers of the recent sanguinary strife, renounce the yoke that has galled their necks these years past, and determine to sail up the Broadway of New York ' under Parisian colours no longer ! The move is a bold one. We doubt whether our fair countrywomen of England would be equal toit; but then Lon- don is only ten hours' distance from Paris. The achievement of the independence of the United States from Great Britain was scarcely a deed requiring more nerve and determination. But then the Americans are known to possess both these qualities, especially the American ladies we were going to say women, but there are no women in America ; and we do not, therefore, suppose that they will fail in the one case any- more than they did in the other. In the States, we have noticed a great many meetings, and a great deal of agitation concerning the regulation of customs pertaining to revenue and protection. We are now called upon to observe the result of u greater movement amongst the female portion of the population for the regulation of customs pertaining to dress. The female members of American Society protest against the tyranny exercised by the milliners and mantua makers of France, and are reported to be taking mea- sures to establish an American leadership of fashion. It is difficult to predict what may be the result of so serious a declension. Will Paris brook and acknowledge the schism? Will she concur in the severance of so fair a portion of her domain ? Will she allow of the parti'ion of her sovereignty ; of the limitation of her power ; of the establishment of a revolted subject with a throne in the West? The con- sideration, too, of the effect which the existence of two empires of Fashion, each imperious in its demands, may have on the peace of the world for already France is said to have subjected to Les modes de Paris the potentates of China an,d. -J ... . w- . -|>».Aj>iCÄTign-AT TUT.IMJ ?? elements of discord aro called into pity, how , hopelessly will tho skein of mundane affairs soon | be tangled. Matters of tante aro now referred for decision to thc Court of Paris, held at Long- champs ; _ but should the ladies of America bucceed in establishing a Power that shall command equal respect, to what a miserable condition may wc be reduced in deter- mining which to obey-unless, indeed, we find release from both. Two Powers, each claiming universal sway ; two Courts, each claiming universal respect ; two bodies of law each claiming universal obedience, would prove too much for the equanimity of any world. The peace and order of civilised society must dis- appear in thc chaos of discord and gloom. Under this condition of things we can scarcely hope lo find any relief from thu chains wc are obliged to wear. If we arc all toned down to a dead level of uniformity, under the rule of one tyrant, it can hardly be supposed that our individuality will have any bettor chanco of asserting itself beneath thc rule of two. Still, for the same reason that your genuine Revolutionist always goes in for a scrimmage, as a temporary relief from a state of bondage that has become intolerable, and a chance of what may be better, we cannot but confess that we view the unfurling of an American flag of fashion with something akin to satisfaction. Uur wives and daugh- ters may, perhaps, get free from gores, and sweeping trains, and the expensive frippery of French costume ; and at tho same time their lords may proclaim their freedom from the extremely tight trousers that now give them the appearance of stud grooms, thc coat of in- fantile shortness, tho ivory coloured kids, and the Maximilian hat, and choose a dress that would really be comfortable aud becoming. The ladies might even come to wear their own hair, their own complexion, and their own ears and bosoms ; , and under the directions of Thc American Mag- azine of Fashion, might-who can tell?-take pleasure in appearing in a Bloomer costume of white, or harmoniously coloured materials, and a hat that would really bo a 6hade from the sun, j They might even be induced to reason thus with , themselves " why should I attempt to dress like the Empress EUGENIE ? Are our situations and duties so much alike, that the style bf dress, which is convenient and becoming for her, is also equally convenient and becoming for me? Would it not bc.well'that I should attempt to dross to suit my work, my appearance, and my circum- stances ? It is folly, for instance, to wear very long dresses in tho street, and while my cir- cumstances obliged me to use public convey- ances it was ridiculous and indecent in mc to wear crinoline. If my ankles are not very pretty my skirts may at all events be high enough to clear the ' mud without exhibiting them." Some ladies who are disgusted with the ex- travagance of their servants, may, when released frem thc tyranny of .Paris, be induced to reform their own fashion, in order that they may act upon thc ' Servant mind, which is only to be approached in this way. What they wear their maids will copy ; and there is a class of manu- facturers, who, awaro of this weakness, turn it into a source. of gain, by producing the same patterns as attract " the quality " in meaner materials to suit thc slender means pf their dependents. There is no small triumph in flabbergasting"a mistress by flouncing into the parlour with a dress of the same cut and pat- tern. The kitchen views the pluck with approv- ing plaudits. It becomes a source of the greatest inconvenience and expense when the simple merchant's wife chooses to imitate the style and dress of the EMrnEss OF THE FKENCH. Not only is it unbecoming to her, and unfitted to her \ habits, but it induces the servants of her establishment to get into debt to keep pace with her, and to adopt a mode which actually obstructs them in the performance of their household duties. If this lady would habit herself more in consonance with the requirements of her own station, she would save herself much needless expenditure, and a world of vexation, and would be doing a real service to those in all the ranks of life below her. For, be it observed, the mischief does not end with the housemaid and the cook. . They carry with them this vice of incongruity when they marry into the homes of their husbands, where, instead of dresses that can be often j cleansed from the stains of life, contracted in an ¡ inevitable struggle with dirt and dust in many I forms, they draggle out their days in garments ! that become a heavy tax upon the income, and an insufferable offence to thc senses of the I working man. If the revolt of the American bodies can relieve us from some of these absurd incongruities, it will not have come too soon. THE VJ:ATIIER-Tho weather daring tho post few days han Lien exceedingly changeable. On Christmas Day the heat was intense ; on tho following morning a strong wind wos blowing from the south-east, and the sky was oloaded over; this had the effect of lowering the temperature con- siderably, but the clouds of dust which tho wind occasioned, rendered il quito as disagreeable as tho heat of tho previous day was oppressive. In tho afternoon the wind calmed nomeub«t, and tho nuisance occasioned by the du-t waa, in * great measure, abated. Yesterday morning the sky was clouded over, but the heat and closeness of tho atmosphere » ns very great. In tho afternoon a thunderstorm passed to thc eastward of thu city. Two or three light showers foll, but there was nothing Uko a sufficient quantity of rain to bo of any permanent benefit, CORONER'S ÎNdUKHTii.-An inquiry respecting the death of a woman, named Matta Wauson, wno held before the City Coroner yesterday, at Darlinghurst gaol. Ou tho 22nd October last, deceased was sentoncod to throe months' imprisonment with hard labour for being a prostitute and behaving in a riotous manner in tho streots. Dr, Aaron' attributed death to long-continued discaso of tho lungs, Bccelcrnted by exposure and self-negleot. A verdiot of " Died frt in natural causes" was returned by thojury An inquiry respecting the death of a man, named Thomas Kendrick, was also held yesterday before the City Coroner, at his office. From the evidence it appeared that for some considerable time past deceased had suffered from disease of the heart. Yester- day morning, as he was walking along George- street, he was suddenly seized with illness ; he caught hold of one of the swning posts of Mr M'Evoy's shop, but gradually sank to the ground. Mr. M'Evoy ran to his assistance, but Kendrick expired almost immediately. Hr was removed to the Infirmary by oonstable Dillon. Dr. Rudolf Schucttr, house physician at the Infirmary, was of opinion that death had resulted from disease of the heart, and a verdict to that effect was returned hy the jury. ENTERTAINMENT AT BARWON PARK.-On Thursday, Mr. T. J. Bown, who has for so many years efficiently filled the post of superintendent of the Insurance Fire Brigade in this city, gave an entertainment to a large party of the citizens and his friends and employés, at his residence, at Barwon Park, on the occasion of his ap- proaching departure for England. There were present Alderman Sutherland, M.L.A., Aldermen Murphy, Hurley, Chapman, and Pritchard, the secretaries and managers of the various insurance companies, the members of the Fire Brigade and Salvage Brigade, together with a large body of Mr. Bown's workmen. The guests, having amused themselves with various sports in the pretty grounds attached to Mr. Bown's house, sat down to a very handsome dinner, to which full justice was done. At its conclusion, and after the usual loyal toasts were drunk, the members of the Fire Brigade came forward and presented a beautifully illuminated address to Mr. Bown, expressive of their sense of his worth as a kind and considerate employer and a brave and skilled leader of the Fire Brigade. The whole of the guests present testified their cordial recog- nition of the public services of Mr. Bown, and many warm wishes were expressed for his welfare, and that he might have a pleasant voyage to his native land, and soon return to live among us again. Wa are informed that the insurance companies have also presented Mr. Bown with a handsome and valuable testimonial. At a later period of the evening it was resolved by many of the influential citizens present that that Mr. Bown should not be allowed to leave the colony without offering him a return enter- tainment, and a committee was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. , .--- . -^T-n«vi u uni! ?? VUIU" UIIIU U WPM duly ohKuvcdi.t Iho nbovn instilulinn. K "ory poB siW* wrtinn wes used by Mr. nod Mrs. Ht».""1»!» In render, iindtr their jersonnl iuspeoMou, tho day ono o\' good i bi er, Whon it comos to bo considered that tho prôrù'ing plum riiulding lor 4G0 men. nil ready for aotlvo BervWe. WMM tba question, mid taking into consideration Ike intense lent of (bo weather, Mr nnd Mrs. Birra- : side nnrt auxiliaries had in fact no easy task to perform, 1 he edifice was dtcoratcd externally and internally with houghs. At 1 o'clock tho inmotos sat down to a good sub- j etntitlul dinner in tho moss room. Tho dinner consisted of j roast beef, potatoes, ulnm pudding, to whioh was nddod » I plas« of firM-clsss English nlo for ovory inmoto. Tho Mopier, Mr. Burnside, proposed tho toaste, whioh woro tho Queen nnd tho Royal Family, tho Board of Management, Ale. ont! drunk with threo timon three. On thoroliromont ut Mr. Burnside from tho mess-room, nn inmate aroso and nddrcpsing the essemblogo, invited them to ULÍIO cordially with him in responding to o toast he waa obont to propose. Ho thoi. gavo tho health of Mr. and Mrs. Bornsido, express- ing in curt terms tho gratitude they all felt on tho occaoiou. The tooBl woo responded to with threo timoa throe and ono cheer moro. Tim PHINCV.OFWAI.ES THEATRE.-Tho ovontoftho wrek has been the production of tho Christmas pantomimo, which in point of mechanical effeot nnd elaborate sconio accessories boo nover been surpassed in the colony. Tho introductory scenes oro of tho charooter usual in plays suit- able for holiday timo. Tho momorios of tho audience oro called into requisition by having to romoinbor an elaborate plot, but their risible fi;cultie» aro exercised to their full ex- tent by the grotesqueness of tho costuraos and tho humour with which ihc principal eharBotors aro played. Mr. Sam wells, formerly of the Lenton Troupo, plays tho Clown with rare anility ; ibo port, of Columbino ¡B oleo well sustained. Whni with dancing, ncrobutic feats, old pantomimo tricks i-nd new, and such neones as tho boudoir of fairy bcohives. Foi tn Covo, and thu last oceno, tho pioeo may bo tormod a di t ided success ; nnd tho crowdod nudienco present on H' xmgíílgbtfhowed in a marked raannor their hcartynppro baiionof tho eflorts of tho manager and thoso onnoctcd with the prcduciion of Hnrlequin Juck the Giant Killer. TRINITY MUSICAL ANI> SOCIAL INSTITUTE.-An excel- lent entertainment was given by tho nbovo named society in the Trinity Church Schoolroom, yestorday ovonlng, in the presence of a ct owded nnd appreciative audience. Tho progrMnmo WOP a very ntlrnctivo ono, nnd contained many Items which served to tesl tho ambition of tho performers to tho utmost. Among tho most successful things in the first part of tho entertainment was n pianoforte solo, a ournie recitation, a flato solo (variations on " Bi Tanti Polpi'i"), and tho humorous oouiic song of " Alonzo the Brave,'' which was particularly successful in eliciting opplaueo. Sovoral of tho oponlug Boones of " Hamlot" woro presented, and woro moro attractive than might have been expeotod. As a general rule, Shakcfperinn "gems" in tho hands of omntours loso nearly nil their lustro. Tho solemn scenes nro burltsqucd, und tho deep tragedy becomes a ridiculous ferco ; and, so woefully uro tho plays disfigured, that ono would not bo very much surprised if the ghost of tho great dramatist himself nroso, and cried to tho admiring public " If ever thou didst thy dear Shakspoaro love, rovongo his foul and unnatural murder." Thu scenes from liamlot which wero given last night woto at tho outset rendered rather ludicrous-moru by tho »ilise rn /treu« nnd tho drosses of tho performers than anything else-but tho elocution of Hamlet and tho GhoBt, waa really impressive. There was a llttlo monotony in tho stylo of delivering tho long apooohos, but Hamlet mado all his "points" in avory telling way. Tho second part ol tho entortainmont consisted ol songs and chorus, whioh wero well received. An abridgment of tbo droll comedy, O'Cnlloghnn on his Last Legs," con- cluded the amusements of tho evening. Tho impersonator of tho seedy but ever humorous Irishman waa well up in h¡B part, and kept the audionco in roars of langhtor. Ctnccs. ENTERTAINMENTS.-There oro at prosont two first-elms circuses performing in Sydney-Haphaol's Great Australasian Circus Company In Elizsbeth- etroot, near Pork-street;-and tho Great World Circus in Fitt-street, between King and Hunter streets. Tho proprietors appear to havo collected first-class studs of well-trained horses, and both companys hove been fortunato enough to socuro tho best available talent. Alt tko appurtenance of largo and well- managed horsemanships are at hand, and nothing Bccnuj to bftvo boen omitttd whioh would enhanoo thc comfort ' of tho spectators. Tho entertainments opened to well-filled houses on Boxing Night, and tho nudicnecs nppenred to bo thoroughly satistled with the extent ned vnrioty of the performrtnecs. Owing to tho inclemency of tho weatbor Inst night, tho attend onces weté not so crowded ; but when it is considered that there oro now largo numbers of porsons from tho country spending their Chrisfnias holidays in Sydney, it may be exy.Cclf d (hat both horsemanships will bo amply patronised. Thc World Circus is to porform nt Ibo Albort Ground. Redfern, this afternoon ; »nd the Australasian CircuB will givo n morning performance in Eliztbath-clreet, com- mencing at 2.f.0 p.m. THE ELECTORAL LISTS.-A special meotinir of Justices was held yeeterdoy, ot the Control Polico ollico, for tho purpose of appointing collectors of electoral lists. Present -tho Polles Magistrate (in tho chair), Messrs. Oatley, Pinhey, Lovoy. Murphy, Campbell, Hill, Hunt, Hunwick, and Dangar. Tho following appointments wero made: East Sydney, senior-«ergeant Steele; AV est Sydney, soolor sergei.nt W'nters ; CalHtrbury, seuior-sorgoant Taylor; Paddington, tonior-sergoant .Rawlinson ; Globe, eeuior conttnblo Miller ; Nowtown, urgeant Miller; St, Leonards, ..ti grant Emei ton. Tm: BOTANIC GAIIHF.NH-lt croa pleasant on Boxing day to ECO the many thousands of peopio who enjoyod their holiday in our woll-kcpt public gardens, which, not- withstanding the dtonght, nra still gay with flowers and gn tn slopes grauful to tho eye. Tho visitors consisted in ti croat degree of that part of our population often referred o uitb so much pathetic solicitud» when extravagance is denounced or political liberality Invoked. 'Ibero woro also troops of happy children. Almost every treo overshadowed a jovial party well supplied with good things, antï evidontly determined to moko tho best of their holiday. There woo present many who did not appear to bo city peopio. Pos hibly our democratic country members might havo recog- nised somo of their constituents, and conoludcd that after . all ibo Botanic Gardes aro not kept up at a largo expense for Ibo sole odvontngo of tho inhabitants of Sydney. There was one mnttor, however, which showed a want of proper nicnnginicut At tho principal entrance near the fountain, there was open only ono of ino small side-gates, and hore thoso who carno in and those who went out jostled oaoh oilier in a manner which would be irritating to any but good-tempered people. If on such oocasionB it is not ex- pedient to throw open tho gate of the carriago-way, there can bo no reason why tho other side- gato should not be opi ned, so that thero might bo a soparato placo of egress as well OB of enttnnco. Again, while the carriage gates near St. Mary's were wide open, only ono gate was open for foot passengers, and that was so fastened that but one person at a timo could poss through it. Aa these are publio gardens, it is not too much to expect that proper provision should be made for the admission of tho publio on all occasions, and that a little forethought should pe. oxor ciffd at holiday times to prevent publio disoomfort. THE STEI-HEN-KTREET RIOT IN MBLIIOIIRNE.-Tho Argut of Tuesday reports that James Girvin, Sarauol Clarke, Joseph Hines, James Mitchell, John Mitoholl, and William Mitchell, were brought before the City Bonob, on remand, yesterday, charged with shooting with intent to kill, In Stepbon-street, on tho night of tho 27th Novombor. inspector Kohat informed tho Benoh that it was not his in- tention to proceed with the prosecution, as tho prisoners had bern committed for trial under a coronor'B warrant. The prisoners wero discharged. NEWCASTLE AND MAITLAND HUNTER RIVER DISTRICT ALMANAC EOR 1868.-Wo havo reoetved from Messrs. Knaggs nnd Co., of Newcastle, a copy of this useful publi- cation, which contains A variety of information important to thoso in any way connected by business with tho Hunter district, The aim and ecupo of tho work are to givo it a commercial value, and. amongst other tiBeful contents, it fives a chart, corrected to 1867, and sailing directions for tho port of Newcastle, shipping information, &c;, which will bo found to have a wide interest and utility. BUSH FIRES.-The Braidwood Dispatch of Wednesday, says : The fire which broke out in the racecourse paddock to the eastward of the town extended for a considerable distance and committed a good deal of destruction in the burning down of grass and fences, although, fortu- nately no crops were destroyed, one or two paddocks, how- ever, narrowly escaping. There was a very heavy fire at Bedervale, the residence of Mr. Robert Maddrell, on Fri- day, and we understand that it was as much as Mr. Maddrell could do with all the assistance he had at hand to prevent it encroaching upon his house and crops. The country between Boro and Molonglo was on fire in many places at the latter end of last week. We have been in- formed by a gentleman who came from Yass last Friday that a most extensive bush fire was raging in the neighbourhood of Gundaroo on the previous day. The farmers had mustered in great force and were endeavouring to impede its further progress in the direction of Gundaroo, but whether they succeeded in keeping it from the numerous farms about there or not we cannot say. lt is said to have originated from the carelessness of some shepherds. Every one should be extremely cautious about making a fire in the bush in such weather as this, as it is almost impossible with any certainty to extinguish it. As will be seen by our police court proceedings a Mr. Howe, a squatter near Tumut, who was over here with a mob of cattle for sale, has been fined £5, under the now Act for punishing the careless use of fire, for not thoroughly ex- tinguishing a fire which he made in a paddock in which he was camping just outside the town. THE JAPANESE TROUPE.-The company of Japanese who have been performing at the School of Arts during the week have been very successful in drawing large audiences every evening. When, however, the novelty of their en- tertainment, and the exceedingly astonishing feats which they perform, are taken into consideration, this can scarcely be wondered at. The Japanese are known to be such adopta In tricks of legerdemain, conjuring, and especially in top- spinning, that it is Bcarcoly necessary to speak in terms of praise of the abilities of the troupe who are at present in Sydney. In many of their tricks: they outstrip some of tho best " wiiards " that have appeared among us, and as spinners of tops they stand unrivalled. Tho entertainment is opened by a short lecture by one of tho compasy, who can speak English sufficiently well to make himself understood, and who describes somo of the manners and customs of this peculiar race of people. Three Japanese women thon come forward, who sing love songs, dance (Japanese fashion), &c.; to the intense gratification of tho audienoo. The conjuring, tumbling, top-spinning, &o.;, is then proceeded with. The entertainment is ons which, whilst affording ut excellent evening's »jausotasat, is very instructive. < ' . ? ' ' ." . . - . ( 