RECEPTION OF THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. , : of l . ? ;J_J-^|-1. We are informed that the official programme of the Royal Reception Commission is so far advanced that it is arranged that His Royal Highness will visit Echuca on the 25th November, and will from thence make, the tour to Sandhurst and Castlemaine. The Prince will proceed from Hobson's Bay to Geelong by, water on the 2nd December, and from thence to Ballarat and the Western district. These dates are noces- , i sarily liable to alteration at His Royal High ness's pleasure. We may also mention that the services of the steamship Aldinga have been retained for the use of the members of the two Houses of Parliament on the day of the Royal arrival at Port Phillip Heads. The I steam sloop Victoria will convoy the Governor and his suite, the members of the Government, the members of the Executive, and the members of the Royal Commission. By a notification in another column it will 1 be seen that the General Committee of the Melbourne Fire Insurance Companies have decided on allowing external illuminations to all insured buildings without extra charge or special notice. They will not, however, hold buildings as covered where there are internal | illuminations. In connexion with the same subject we may draw attention to an advertisement inserted by the Public Works department, by which the public are reminded of the desirability of avoiding all waste of the Yan Yean water on the nights of the illumina- tions, in consideration of the risk of fire. The force of the water will depend upon the forbearance of the consumers. The mayor of Brighton (Mr. R. K. Hammond presided over a meeting at the Devonshire Assembly-rooms on Thursday, for the purpose of organising a reception committee, . when it was resolved to celebrate the arrival of the Prince by a free banquet, and towards the object upwards of £20 was at once subscribed. A committee was appointed to carry out the views of the meeting and Mr. Thomas Bent, appointed to collect subscriptions, has since the meeting obtained about ,¡ £40, besides promises of wines, beer, milk, butter, &c.; The surplus funds, if any, is to be given to the Ladies' Benevolent Society. The central committee of the German Association have made application to the Royal Reception Commission for extension of the time within which addresses will be received for approval. The reasons they adduce are, that they had at first intended to arrange no separate demonstration, but merely to take part in the general celebrations with their fellow' citizens. However, seeing the success which had attended the German demonstrations at Adelaide, they had, although late taken steps towards arranging a torchlight procession and serenade. A public meeting would be held on Monday, at which an address would be adopted, and under these circumstances they have requested the Commission to permit them to send it in for approval although the period appointed for doing so has expired. ' there is every probability that a Caledonian Gathering will be held at Melbourne during the visit of H. R. H. the Duke of Edinburgh. After the routine business of the newly formed Friendly Caledonian Society, held at Cooley's Hotel, Fitzroy, on Thursday night, the chairman (Dr. Madden) called upon Mr. John Campbell, ex-secretary of the Caledonian Society of Victoria, to explain to the meeting his views respecting a gathering in December. Mr. Campbell stated that proposals had been made to the Royal Reception Commission on the subject, and that there could not be the shadow of a doubt as to the success of a gathering. A grand stand to seat 3,000 people would require to be erected, with state-rooms for the Governor and suite, together with H. R. H. the Duke and staff, and he believed the patronage of the Royal Commission would be obtained. It was resolved unanimously that Mr. John Campbell be authorised to take offices in the city, and, with the assistance of the members of the newly-formed Friendly Caledonian Society, to proceed instantly in arranging for a grand Caledonian gathering. Several gentlemen present, including the chairman, volunteered to advance funds to assist in making a start The secretary of the Caledonian Friendly Benefit Society (Mr. James Baird) was instructed to put himself in communication with the members of kindred institutions throughout the colony, to ascertain to what extent the kilted class could muster to meet the Prince on the day of his landing. The meeting, which was characterised throughout by the greatest unanimity, adjourned till Monday, at Grant's Hotel. We are informed that the United Ancient Order of Druids are to appear in full regalia on the occasion of the landing of Prince Alfred. This will be the first time this society has appeared in public. The delegates from the Rechabite tents in the city and suburbs met in the Temperance hall last evening. The tents were well represented. The matter of regalia to be worn at the public procession of the friendly societies upon the occasion of the entry of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh into Melbourne was fully discussed, and it was finally arranged that each member attending should wear a white rosette, and, if an office-bearer, the rosette attached to the collar of his office. It was also determined that members in possession of the blue scarf should wear that also, if they so chose in addition to the rosettes. The white rosettes are to be obtained in the Temperance-hall on the morning of the meeting. Brother H. Meeks was appointed marshal, and it was arranged that the hour and day of meeting should be advertised in the daily papers as soon as officially known. It was also determined that the members of all the tents should meet at the Temperance hall, and there form into procession, and then march by way of Stephen-street into Flinders-street, and there take their allotted place in the ranks of the friendly societies. Mr. Browning, the hon. secretary of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum, appeals to the public for some assistance to enable the little inmates of that institution to take part in the festivities and demonstrations by which the Prince is to be welcomed. The committee are not in a position to devote any funds to this purpose. The building, too, being the largest public edifice in South Melbourne, ought, he thinks, to be illuminated, and the children ought not to be wanting in the required badges. Some assistance towards these objects has been obtained, but much more is needed. The hon. secretary and the treasurer (Mr. G. Nicholson, Collins-street), or the superintendent of the Asylum, would very thankfully receive subscriptions. "Acadeiuicus," as a member of the University of Melbourne, suggests the propriety of uniting the Duke to visit that institution, he feels certain that if a call of the members were made on the occasion an effective display could be made, and they would be able to afford a much more creditable reception to the Duke than when absorbed in the mass of a monster levin. An address could then be presented and an honorary degree conferred. A correspondent, who speaks with all the authority of " A Man with a Family," writes on the subject of the Chinese cracker nuisance. The great annoyance and a danger produced by these fireworks at the last illuminations, their hateful and incessant din, their omnipresence in all kinds, of unexpected places, the reckless manner in which they were used as missiles by the children, little and big. must be recollected by all who were then present. He recommends that authority, should be given to the police to interfere, and regulate the discharge of these crackers, or to prohibit it, if thought desirable ; otherwise, the ladies will be prevented from going to see the illuminations, Jor, if they go, will be subjected to great risk and annoyance. "A Loyal Briton" hopes that no regulation will be made against vehicles passing along the streets in Une on the night of the illuminations, in accordance with the system which worked so successfully on the occasion of the illumination celebration of the marriage of the Prince of Wales. Unless this is permitted, he feels confident that thousands of women and children would be excluded from a sight of the illuminations altogether. A lady correspondent "Annette," who is an invalid, also protests against the streets being entirely closed to vehicles on the night when the streets of Melbourne will be all in a blaze of light, and thinks that many would lose the Bight if this were done. T. G." calls attention to the necessity of placing pontoons, or temporary bridges, above and below Prince's-bridge, to allow the public accompanying the procession to cross the river without blocking up the very narrow passages of the triumphal arches on the stone bridge. So doing would, he thinks, prevent any serious crash and obviate the risk of accident. Another correspondent wants to know if any provision is to be made, by the erection of stages for accommodating the women and children, and allowing them a view of the procession along the Sandridge-road. The revolution which has lately been loudly threatened is beginning. Traditional observances, hallowed by long prescription, are being ruthlessly abandoned. The people of Ballarat, or at any rate some very noisy and prolix ones amongst them, have rebelled against the compulsory adoption of the swallow-tail coat at the forthcoming demonstrations at their town! The Reception Committee (that is, the constitutional conservative party) have been compelled by the attacks of the democratic element to give up the garment objected to. They have decided that gentlemen attending the ball can either appear in full dress or frock coats, whilst for the banquet no particular style of cost would be enforced, always providing it was of a dark colour. This decision, referring to a ball and banquet at which a prince of the blood royal of England is entertained, is enough to make the ghost of Beau Brummell turn pale, and the bones of Jenkins rattle in their grave. 