OLD STORIES RETOLD. j -TUB BUILT, BETWEEN LORD BYRON AND MR. CHAWOllTll. I The Star fine] Garter tavern, so famous in the days of Dr. Johnson for its good claret, stood on the site of the present Carlton Club. De- generating in later days into the office of a light and heat company, and after that into a blacking manufactory, it was finally, like its neighbour, the Royal Hotel, swept away by the progress of improvement, and the present political palace erected in its stead. There were pleasant and sad memories about the place. Many a flask of good wine had been emptied there, many a pleasant hour whiled away, many a white cloud of powder, too, had there been beaten out of wigs by the thumps of flying decanters, many a five pounds' worth of hair to quote a line from an old trial) torn out of fashionable perfumes in tipsy scuffles, many a wild rake in that spot had been pinned against the oak wainscot by rash swords, and many a spendthrifts heart-blood spilt by angry thrusts over the upset favorable. One of the saddest of these tavern tragedies took place at the Star and Garter on the 26th of January, 1762, five years after the accession of George the Third. About three o'clock on the above-named day there was a great stir and bustle at the celebrated Pall Mall Tavern, for the Nottingham shire gentlemen, who pretence a month, were to 'dine there at four o'clock. The club was to assemble in a second-floor back room, looking towards St James's Park. The drawers (as waiters were still called, as they had been in Shakespeare's time were spreading the snowy white cloth and bringing up the silver and the glass. The celebrated claret was being drawn off in endless pints from the wood. The joints were shedding fat tears at the great kitchen fire ; the puddings were bumping at the pot lids ; the turn-outs were plodding at their wheels ; the scullions were getting reel and choleric over the frothing pheasants and hares ; the transparent jellies and not worked parts were receiving the last touch of art from the dexterous hands of the head cook. The landlord was in his bedroom fastening his best gold shoe buckles for the occasion, the buxom landlady, at the parlour mirror, was smilingly adding to her tremendous top- knot the slightest suspicion of powder, while the bright-eyed barmaid was laughingly puffing out with trim fingers her brightest breast-knot. AU was gay expectation and bustling excitement for the county club of- the gentlemen of Nottingham brought good customers to the house, and many of its members were men of title and fashion, Lord Byron to wit, the great rake who had attempted to carry off the beautiful actress, Miss Bellamy-the fifth Lord Byron, the lord of Newstead, and half Sherwood Forest, and master of the king's stag hounds. By-and-bye, the guests came in from St. James's-street, and the Ring in Hyde Park, from the Mall, the Strand, and Spring-gardens some hearty country gentlemen on horseback ; others, cold and pinched from the cumbrous hackney coaches of those days; two or three in elaborate dress in sedan chairs, the lids of which were carefully lifted up by the Irish chairmen, to let out the powdered toupees and the gold-laced cocked hats. The later pictures of Hogarth (that great painter died in 1752) will tell us how these gentlemen from the banks of the Trent, the Soar and the Idle, these lords of the light grasslands and rich loamy furrows round Nottingham, Newark, Retford, and Mansfield, were apparelled. Let us observe their collar less deep-seated coats, spotted with gold strawberries, and embroidered down the seams and outside pockets, or of light and gay colours, as pink and cinnamon, their deep-flapped tamboured and laced waistcoats, their frilled shirts and fine ruffles, their knee breeches, their gold and diamond buckles, The mark their powdered wigs, their laced hats, and, above all, their swords-these dangerous arbitrators in after-dinner differences, when the claret goes down faster and faster. The guests, laughing and chatting, are bowed in, and bowed up-stairs, and bowed into their club-room. Lord Byron, a passionate and rather vindictive man, is conspicuous among them in pleasant conversation with his neigh- bour and kinsman, Mr. William Chadworth, of Annesley Hall. The landlord announces dinner, and a long train of drawers appear with the dishes. At that pleasant signal the gentlemen hang up their cocked hats on the wainscot pegs, while some unbuckle their swords and hang them up also. Mr. John Hewett, the chairman and toast master of the evening, takes of course, the head of the table, and presides at the chief joint. Near him, on the right hand, is Sir Thomas Willoughby, and, in the order we give them, Mr. Frederick Montague, Mr. John Sherwin, Mr. Francis Molyneux, and last, on that side of the table, Lord Byron. On the other side, Mr. William Chadworth, Mr. George Douston, Mr. Charles Mellish, jun., and Sir Robert Burdett in all, including the chairman, tea guests. The talk at dinner is country gentlemen's talk the last assizes and the absurd behaviour of the foreman of the grand jury; the tremendous break away with the foxhounds from the Pilgrim Oak at the gate of Newstead, all through Sherwood wastes, past Robin Hood's Stable, through the cells of the Lock, round to Kirkby Craigs, by Robin Hood's Chair, far across the Nottinghamshire heaths, and woods, and valleys, till all but Byron, and Chesworth, and a few more had been tailed off. Then the conversation seems to politics, and the danger or otherwise of the new Stamp Act for the American colonies ; the possibility of the Marquis of Rockingham ousting the Right Honorable George Grenville, and the probable conduct of Mr. Pitt and Colonel Barry. in such an. emergency. The wind chases out the soup the meat the fish, the game the meat, and the cheese the game. The conversation becomes universal, the young drawers on the stairs hear with awe the din and cheerful jangle of the voices, catching, as the door opens, scraps of sporting talk, praises of Garrick, counter praises of Barry, eulogies of Mids Bellamy, and counter eulogies of charming Miss Pope. The grave and bland landlord, who, with the white damask napkin over his left wrist, has from the side board hitherto directed the drawers, now the cloth is drawn, loops the bell-rope to the toast master's chair, bows, adjusts the great japanned screen, backs himself out, and closes the door behind him. The Nottinghamshire gentlemen gather round their claret; one fat bonvivant takes off his wig for greater comfort, hangs it on a hat peg beside the swords, and now sits, with his glossy bald head, which, in the light of the great red logs that glow in the generous fireplace, glows like an enormous orange. All is good-humoured gaiety and conviviality, a good humour not likely to be interrupted, for it is the rule of the club to break up at 7, when the reckoning and a final bottle are brought in probably to give Lord- Byron time to got down to the House of Lords, and other members time to join in the debate in the Commons, to go and see Garrick, or to visit Ranelagh. Very soon after 7 the gentlemen will push back their chairs, put on their three-cornered hats and scarlet toque Inures, buckle on their swords, and wish each other good night. The squires tell their old sporting stories with great enjoyment how they breasted a park paling, how they were nearly drowned fording the Trent after a thaw : how they fired three horses the day the hunt swept on into Yorkshire, and only Lord Byron, Mr. Chesworth, and themselves were at the finish. About the time the drawer brings in the reckoning and the final bottle, Mr. Hewett, the chairman, starts a certain hobby of his about the best means of preserving game in the present state of the game laws ; which, as he afterwards naively said, " had very often produced agree- able conversation." The talk round the table, particularly at the Lord Byron and Chaworth end, has latterly been a little hot and wrangling, and Mr. Hewett prudently tries to change the subject. This is an age, remember, in which gentlemen are apt to have differences. That dangerous and detestable habit of wearing swords in daily life leads too often to sudden and deadly arbi- trations without waiting for jury or judge. Those swords, hanging in their gilt and silver sheaths from the wainscot pegs behind the chairs, are only too prompt servants in after dinner disputes at taverns. There is a danger about this which is piquant to high spirited men. Courage and cowardice are un- masked at once in these disputes j no waiting for damages, no explaining away in newspaper correspondence. The sword settles all. The bully has to be repressed, the choleric man's honour vindicated. Men now '. draw" for anything or nothing to vindicate Miss Bellamy's virtue, to settle a dispute about the colour of an opera-dancer's eyes. If an important card be missed from the green table, " draw." If a man take the wall of you, '. draw." If a rival beau jostle your sedan chair with his, " draw." If a fellow hiss in the pit of a theatre when you applaud, " draw." If a gentleman with too much wine in his head rest against you in the piazzas, " draw." It is the coward and the philosopher who alone " withdraw," and get sneered at and despised accordingly for public opinion is with the duellist, and every one is ready to fight. To return to the table. Mr. Hewett proposes, sensibly enough, that the wisest way of preserving game would be to make it by law the property of the owner of the soil, so that the stealing of a pheasant would then rank with the stealing of a fowl, both alike having cost the landlord trouble and money in the rearing and guarding and by no means to be ranked as mere wild, passing, fugitive creatures, free as moles, rats, and owls, for all to shoot and trap. Mr. Hewett's subject is unlucky, for the conversation soon wanders from theoretical reforms to actual facts, and to the question of severity or non-6Cverity against poachers, and other trespassers. '." wish' All had been jollity and'goo'^#flgnour at the chairman's end of the table' tryst ; but now I voices get louder, and more boisterous and self asserting. The discussion is whether game increases more when neglected, or when preserved with severity. Lord Byron, who is capricious, self-willed, and violent in his opinions, in heterodox on these matters, he asserts, talking over and across his adversary's voice, that the true and only way to have abundant game is to take no care of it at all. Lot partridges avoid pets if they can, and pheasants evade the sulphur smoke of the Nottingham weaver ; let hares choose their own forms, and seek their food where they find it best. He had tried it at Newstead, and it answered for he had always more game than Mr. Chedworth or any of his neighbours. Mr. Chaworth insists that the only way to get plenty of game is to re- press poachers and all unqualified persons. " As a proof of this," he now says, " Sir Charles Sedley and myself have more game in five of our acres than Lord Byron has in all his manors." Lord Byron readers at this, and proposes an instant bet of one hundred guineas that the case is otherwise. Mr. Chaworth, with an irritating laugh, calls for pen, ink, and paper, quick to reduce the wager to writing, as he wishes to take it up. Mr. Sherwin laughs, and declares, such a bet can never be decided. No bet is laid, and the conversation is resumed. Mr. Chaworth presses the case in a way galling to a man of Lord Byron's vain and passionate nature. He says : "Were it not for my care and Sir Charles Scdley's being severe, Lord Byron would not have a hair on his estate." Lord Byron, paper now, and with a cold dew on his upper lip, asks sneeringly : " Scdley's matters Where are these manors of Sir Charles Sedley ? " Mr. Chadworth replies, " Bucknel, Nuthall, and Bulwell." "Bulwell?" Mr. Chadworth says that Sir Charles Sedley had a deputation for the lordship of Bulwell town. Lord Byron replies that deputations are liable to be recalled at any time, and says, angrily, " Bulwell Park is mine." Mr. Chaworth rejoins hotly Sir Charles Sedley has a manor in Nuthall and one of his ancestors bought it out of my family. If you want any further information about Sir Charles Sedley matters, he lives at Mr Cooper's, in Dean-street, and, I doubt not, will be able to give you satisfaction; and as to myself, your lordship knows where to find me -in Berkeley-row." Mr. Hewett, who is rather deaf, did not hear the conversation until the bet roused him, and has now relapsed into conversation with his right-hand man. Mr. Sherwin wakes up at these sharp and threatening words. What watch, what imp of mischief, lies on a sudden blown the soft summer breeze into a winter hurricane The club is now as silent as if the lightning of flashing swords had suddenly glanced across the" lattice. Those rash and hasty words of Mr. Chedworth, provoked by the irritability and arrogance of Lord Byron about such a silly trifle, were little short of a challenge. Lord Byron glances sullenly behind him at his sword as it hangs from under his three-cornered hat, but no more is said on the dangerous subject. Nothing comes of it. Lord Byron and Mr. Chaworth, it is true, do not talk together again, but they chat to the people near them, and all is again joy iality and good humour. When Mr. Chaworth paid the club reckoning, as is his general practice, Mr. James Fynmore, the master of the tavern, observes him to be a little flurried for in writing, he made a small mistake. The book has lines ruled in cheques, and against each member present an Ü is placed ; but, if absent, five shillings is set down. He places five shillings against Lord Byron's name ; but Mr. Fynmore observing to him that his lordship is present, he corrects his mistake. A few minutes after eight, Chaworth, having paid his own reckoning, went out, and is followed by Mr. Douston, who enters into its course with him at the head of the stairs. Mr. Chaworth asks him particularly if he attended to the conversation between himself and Lord Byron, and if he thinks that he (Chaworth) had been short in what he said on the subject ? To which Mr. Douston answers : " No ; you went rather too far upon so trifling an occasion ; but I do not believe that Lord Byron nor the company will think any more about it." After a little ordinary discourse they parted ; Mr. Douston returned to the company, and Mr. Chaworth turned to go down-stairs. But just as Mr. Douston entered the door he met Lord Byron coming out, and they passed there was a large screen covering the door without knowing each other. In the meantime, Lord Byron, mood)', having probably watched Mr. Chaworth leave the room without his hat, found that gentleman on the landing. Mr. Chedworth, in a low thick voice, and with eyes that did not meet Byron's, said, meaningly : " Has your lordship any commands for me ?" ! Lord Byron replied, considering this a second challenge : " I should be glad to speak a word with you in private." Mr. Ebsworth said " The stairs are not a ! proper place and if you please, my lord, we will go into a room." They descended to the first landing, and there I both called several times for a waiter from below, to show them an empty room. The waiter came, and mechanically threw open the green- baize door of a back room on the right hand side (No. 7), a dark cheerless room, with a few red cools smouldering in the fireplace. Placing on the table the rushlight he had in his own candlestick, he shut the outer door, and left the two gentlemen together, with the true sang-froid of his profession. Lord Byron entered the dim room first, and, as they stood together by the low fire, asked Mr. Chaworth, with smothered rage : " How am I to take those words you used above-as an intended across from Sir Charles Sedley or yourself?" Mr. Chaworth answered proudly : " Your lordship may take them as you please, either as an affront or not, and I imagine this room is as iii a place as any other to decide the affair in." Then turning round, Mr. Chaworth stepped to the door, and slipped the brass boat under the lock. Just at that moment Lord Byron, moving out from the table to a small open part of the room, free of furniture, and about twelve feet long and six feet broad, cried, "Draw, draw ! " and, looking round, Mr. Chaworth saw his lordship's sword already half drawn. Know- ing the impetuous and passionate nature of the man, he whipped out his sword, and, present- ing the keen point (he was a stronger man and a more accomplished swordsman than his adversary), made the first thrust, which pierced Lord Byron's waistcoat and shirt, and glanced over his ribs, then he made a second quicker range which Lord Byron married. Lord Byron now finding himself with his back to the table, and the light shifted to the right hand, Mr. Chaworth, feeling his sword impeded by his first thrust, believing he had mortally wounded Lord Byron, tried to close with him in order to disarm him upon which Lord Byron shortened his arm, and ran him through, on the left side, in spite of all Mr. Chaworth's attempts to turn the point or carry it with his left hand. Mr. Chaworth saw the sword enters his body, and felt a pain deep through his back. He then laid hold of the gripe of Lord Byron's sword, and, disarming his lordship, expressed his hope he was not dangerously wounded, at the same time pressing his left hand to his own side and drawing it back streaming with blood. Lord Byron said, "I am afraid I have killed you." Mr. Chaworth replied, " I am wounded, and unbolted the door, while Lord Byron, express- ing his sorrow, rang the bell twice sharply, for assistance. As he supported Mr. Chaworth to an elbow chair by the fire, Lord Byron said " You may thank yourself for what has happened, as you were the aggressor. I suppose you took me for a coward ; but I hope now you will allow that I have behaved with as much courage as any man in the kingdom." Mr Chaworth replied faintly : "My lord, all I have to say is, you have behaved like a gentleman." I ,.- ' In the interval, John Edwards, the waiter, who, while waiting at the bar for a bottle of claret for the Nottingham club, had been called by the two unhappy men to show them into an empty room, had brought up the wine, drawn the cork, and was decanting it. On" hearing the bell, he ran down stairs, found that the bell had been answered, and saw his master wringing his hands, and exclaiming Lord Byron has wounded Mr. Ebsworth." He then ran up and alarmed the club, who instantly hurried down and found Mr. Chaworth with his legs on a chair, and leaning his head against Mr. Douston. John Lothrop, the waiter who answered the bell, found, to his horror, Lord Byron and Mr. Chaworth standing with their backs to the fire, Lord Byron's left arm round Mr. Chaworth's west, and his sword in his right hand, the point turned to the ground, Mr. Chaworth with his right arm on Lord Byron's shoulder, and his sword raised in his left hand. Lord Byron called to him to take his sword, and call up his master. When Fynmore came up, Mr. Ebsworth said " Here, James, take my sword ; I have disarmed him." Fynmore then said to Lord Byron, taking hold of his sword, " Pray, my lord, give me your sword." Lord Byron surrendered it a little reluctantly ; Fynmore took the two swords down stairs, laid them upon a table, and sent at once for Mr. Caesar . Hawkins, a celebrated surgeon of the day. When he came a little after 8 o'clock, he found Mr. Chaworth sitting with his waistcoat partly unbuttoned, his shirt bloody, and his right hand pressing his wound. The sword had gone clean through the body, and out at the buck. Mr. Ebsworth said, " I believe I have received a mortal wound for I feel a peculiar kind of faintness or sinking, and have a sensation of stretching and swelling in my belly that makes me think 1 bleed internally." The company then left Mr. Chaworth with his own servant and Mr. Hawkins and Lord Byron retired to a room down stairs. Mr. Chaworth* then thinking that he should not live five minutes, and wishing earnestly to see Mr. Levinz, his uncle, Mr. Hewett took Mr Wil- loughby on his coach to fetch Mr. Levinz from Kensington-gore, where his residence was; but Mr. Levinz was dining with the Duke of Leeds. Mr. Chesworth was at first unwilling to be moved until he had seen Mr. Levinz, thinking that the jolting would increase the internal bleeding, and accelerate his death. Subsequently, however, feeling stronger, he was removed to his own house in Berkely row, at about ten o'clock that night. Before being removed he said he forgave Lord Byron, and hoped the world would forgive him too and he said earnestly, two or three times, that pained and distressed as he then was, he would rather be in his present situation . than live under the misfortune of having killed another person. He declared there had been nothing between him and Lord Byron that might not have been easily made up. He then asked, with generous anxiety, about the mortal wound which he believed he had inflicted on his adversary). Mr Robert Adair, a surgeon, and Dr. Addington, Mr. Chaworth's own physician, also attended the dying man, but failed to afford him any relief. When Mr. Loving came into the bedchamber, Mr. Chadworth pressed his hand and desired him to send for a lawyer as soon as possible, as he wanted to make a new will, and believed he should be dead before morning. Upon this, Mr. Loving, almost broken-hearted, going out into the anteroom, told Mr. Caesar Hawkins, Mr. Adair, Mr. Hewett, and Mr. Willoughby, that he was totally deprived of recollection, and could not remember any lawyer near Mr. Hawkins mentioned Mr. Partington, a man of character, and he was sent for. While Mr. Partington was preparing the will in the ante-room, the other gentlemen having gone down stairs, Mr. Levinz again went to the bed- side to hear how the unfortunate affair had happened. After the will was executed and the friends had returned to the bedroom, Mr. Lcvinz, in great distress, said to the dying man : " Dear Bill, for God's sake, how was this Was it fair ? " Mr. Chaworth's heard was at the moment turned from Mr. Loving"; but on that question he turned, said something indistinctly, \- and seemed to shrink his head in the pillow. He afterwards repeated the story, and exclaimed twice : " Good God, that I could be such a fool as to fight in the dark " Menning that he regretted having sacrificed his superiority as a swordsman. In a light and open room he would probably have disarmed his antagonist at once. He said he did not believe Lord Byron intended fighting when they entered the room together, till he thought he had him at an advantage. " He died as a man of honour ; but he thought Lord Byron had done himself no good by it," Several times in the night, on being pressed to relate how the affair begun above stairs, Mr. Chaworth always answered : " It is a long story, and it is troublesome to me to talk. They will tell you- Mr. Douston will tell you." For about an hour after the will was signed, and sealed, and the statement was taken down by Mr. Partington, Mr. Ebsworth appeared amazingly composed ; but about four he fell into " vast tortures." He was never again free from pain, but warm fomentations relieved him somewhat. After giving directions for his funeral, he died about 9 in the morning. On Mr. Caesar Hawkins examining the body, he found that Lord Byron's sword had entered one inch to the left of the navel and passed obliquely, coming out six inches higher in the back. It had passed through the lower part of the diaphragm, and blood had lodged in the cavity of the left lung. Some time after this unhappy affair-the coroner having found him guilty of murder Lord Byron surrendered himself to be tried by his Peers, and was sent to the Tower. On the 16th of April, about half-an-hour after 9 in the morning, his lordship, escorted by portions of the Horse and Foot Guards, and attended by the lieutenant-governor, constable of the Tower, and another gentleman, was brought in a coach by the New-road, Southwark, to a court erected in Westminster Hall. The Peers stood un- covered while the King's commission was read appointing the Kari of Northington the temporary lord high steward. The Garter and the gentleman usher of the black rod with three reverences, presented the white staff to the Earl of Northampton, who then took his seat, with bows to the throne, in an. arm-chair placed on the uppermost step but one of the throne. The sergeant-at- arms then made the usual proclama- tion in old Norman French: "Oyez! Oyez! Oyez!" William Lord Byron was brought to the bar by the deputy-governor of the Tower. The ^ gentleman jailer carried the axe before him, and stood during the trial on the prisoner's left hand with the axes edge turned from him. The prisoner made three reverences when he came to the bar, and knelt. On leave being given him to rise, he rose and bowed, first to the lord high steward, and then to the lords; these compliments were graciously returned. When the clerk of the Crown cried, "How say you, William Lord Byron, are you guilty of the felony and murder whereof you stand indicted, or not guilty?" Lord Byron replied, " Not guilty, my lords." The clerk said, " Culprit," which means, " Qu'il parait" (May it appear so The trial being resumed, the solicitor-gene- ral, in his speech, held that it was murder if after a quarrel the aggressor has had time to cool and deliberate, and acts from malice and premeditation. In that case, whatever motive actuated him, whether some secret grudge or an imaginary necessity of vindicating his honour, of satisfying the world of his courage, or any other Intent cause, he is no object for the benignity of the law. After this, Lord Byron, who declined examining any witnesses on his own behalf, told their lordships that what he had to offer in his own vindication, he had committed to writing, and now begged that it might be read by the clerk, as he found his own voice, considering his present situation, would not be heard. His speech was accordingly read by the clerk in a very audible and distinct manner, and contained an exact detail of all the particulars relating to the melancholy affair between him and Mr. Ebsworth. He said he declined entering into the circumstances of Mr. Chaworth's behaviour, further than was necessary for his own defence and expressed his deep and unfeigned sorrow at the event. He added : ", Our fighting could not be very regular, circumstanced as it was but, notwithstanding some considerations, my own mind does not charge me with the least unfairness. In such a case, your lordships will no doubt have some consideration for human weakness and passion, always influenced and inflamed in some degree by the customs of the world. And though I am persuaded no compassion can obstruct your impartial justice, yet I trust that you will incline to mitigate the rigour of it and administer it according to law, in mercy. I am told, my lords, that it has been held by the greatest authorities in the land, that if contumelious words, and still more, I presume, if con- temptuous words of challenge, have been given by" one man to another, and, before they are cooled, either bids the other draw his sword, and death ensues after mutual passes, the fact of that case will not amount to murder." Begging their lordships to acquit him of all malice, and to consider him an unhappy, innocent, but unfortunate man, the prisoner concluded in these words : " My lords, I will detain you no longer. I am in your lordships' judgment, and shall expect your sentence, whether for life or death, with all the submission that is due to the noblest and most equitable Court of judicature in the world " He prisoner being then removed, after an ad- ornament to the House, the peers out by one, beginning with Lord George Vernon, the youngest, gave their verdict to the lord high steward, who stood uncovered, the. Dukes of Gloucester and York speaking last One hundred and nineteen voted Lord Byron guilt) of this slaughter, and four declared him not guilty. generally and as of an old statute of Edward the Sixth, peers are in all cases where clergy is allowed, to be dismissed without burning in the hand, loss of inheritance, 01 corruption of blood, his lordship was immediately dismissed on paying his fees The counsel for his lordship were the Hon Mr Charles Yorke and Alexander W Wedderburn, Esq the attorney, Mr Potts Against his lorcMnp were the Attorney) general, the solicitor general, Mr Scigtant Glyn, Mr Stone-, Mr Cornwall, and as attorney), Mr Jones After this glorious but stultifying assertion of aristocratic privileges and the right of man slaughter, the lord high steward rose in covered, and the gentleman usher of the black rod, kneeling, presented him with the white staff of office, which he broke in two, and then dissolved the commission Advancing to the woolpack, he said " It is our lordship's pleasure to adjourn to the Chamber of Parliament ? " The lords replied, " Aj, ay," and the House was then adjourned. 'Unit same evening when Mr Chaworth's lacerated and pierced body was lying on the plumed led behind the grand damask curtains far away out in the quiet moonlight, in the Newstead pastures and in the lonely Annesley meadows, thclargc-ejcd hares were gambolling, unconscious of the mischief they had caused, and the partridges (birds that ought to be crimson-feathered, considering the brave men's blood they have so long been the means of shedding) were calling each other plaintively) from the stubbles, careless of their lord's see rows and their master's death But was Lord Byron really guilty in the matter of this duel ? "We think the fight was by no means a premeditated one 'I here had been some old differences between the two men about private matters. At the club dinner, if Lord Byron's manner were taunting, Mr Chaworth's was distinctly threatening, 'the final words of the latter amounted to a public challenge, for he considered Lord Byron had given him the lie about Sir Charles Sedlej's matters When he grew cold, Lord Byron grew hot He evidently regretted what he had said but, seeing Lord Byron follow him, he probably thought that he came to settle the difference Lord Byron, seeing him waiting there, perhaps thought he was waiting for him and he proposed retiring to an empty room, where, Lord Byron certainly drew his sword rather abruptly), but his sullen vindictiveness brooked no delay It was never supposed that he planned an assassin's treacherous thrust, Mr. Chadworth lunged first, and thought he had killed his man, asking was he wounded The question is, did Lord Byron unfairly take advantage of the moment's lull, during Mr. Chaworth's inquiry, to kill his adversary The dying man did not accuse him of this, but rather of his having in the first place revengefully urged him (for a few hasty words to the fatal duel. Mr Chaworth's chief regret seems to have been in fighting by the light of a farthing candle, and thus sacrificing his skill in fencing. Lord Byron, it is certain, left Westminster Hall with the brand of Cain on his forehead A mysterious and indelible stain was on his escutcheon the 'macaroni" and the world of fashion somehow shunned him, a whisper of suspicion followed him wherever he went on suspicion that could not be resolved into words of foul play) and unfair advantage The peers had acquitted him, the world regarded him is condemned, and there) treated him as a criminal He retired into Nottinghamshire, and became a sullen, gloomy, morose man His passions grew more inveterate, he changed into a half-crazed, revengeful, brooding misanthrope, a wicked 'demon of Athens yo stones about "the wicked lord" were thought too wild and monstrous He always went armed, as if dreading secret enemies On one occasion, he is said in a rage to have thrown his wife into the lake in front of the abbey, from which she was rescued by the gardener, who then thrashed her savage husband Another time, he is said to have shot his coachman for disobeying orders, and to have thrown the bleeding body into the coach where Lady Byron was seated, and driven her home himself Once when his neighbour, Admiral Sir BorlascWancu, one of his old naval friends, came to dine with him, pistols are said to have been placed on the table beside the knives and forks, as parts of the regular table furniture, and as likely to be needed 'These stones are, of course, mere country people's exaggerations of petty acts of passion , but they show how much the proud, wicked lord was dreaded and hated by the villagers round the forest fires at least it. certain-that the wayward unhappy man separated from his wife, drove away nearly all his servants, and created a mournful solitude around himself Enraged at the marriage of his son and heir, who died young, he let the abbe j full into ruin, cut down all the family oaks to pay his debts, and sold the valuable mineral property in Rochdale He had been, in youth, a lieu- tenant under Admiral Balchen His only amuse- ment, in age, consumed m sham lights on the lake, between two " baby forts" he had built on the shore, and a little vessel he had brought on wheels from some port on the eastern coast Heedless of what might happen met his death, and unable to cut off the entail, he never men- ] stoned his grand-nephew but as " the little boy who lived at Aberdeen " At war with the human race, the wicked lord, in austere and savage seclusion," took refuge in the love of animals He turned an immense number of crickets, whom he allowed to crawl over him, and corrected when too familiar with a wisp of straw When their patron and pro- tector died, there is a tradition, according to Washington Irving, that they packed up, bag and baggage, and left the abbey together for "fresh fields and pastures new," flocking across the courts, corridors, and cloisters in all directions The Barons came in with the Conqueror, and stood well all through English history. One ancestor at Foreston Castle in Derbyshire, was hostage for the Cour de Lion's hansom , another fought in the side of Henn the 1 lfth in France , is that rode at Bosworth again it the fierce Crookback, a fourth was made Knight of the Bath at the ill-fated manager of Henry the ] iphth's brother, Prince Arthur , a fifth, "Sir John Byron, the little, with the great beard," whose ghost still haunts the corridors of New- shock, was rewarded with Newstead at the dissolution and tearing to pieces of the n mysteries Sir Nicholas Bacon defended i Fester, and fought passionately at Edgehill At the battle of Newbury there were seven cavalier brother By sons fighting against the, Puritan flag. Another Lord Byron was groom of the bedchamber to stupid Pnnco GCOIL,C of Denmark, and man and three times first, I daughter of the Earl of Bridgewater second daughter of the Earl of Portland ' thud a daughter of Lord Berkeley), of Stat' ten, from the 1st of whom the j, tut poet was descended When the old Lord died in his miserable and sell made solitude, in 1788, New stud passed into the possession of the poet then eleven years of age living with his mother, in humble lodgings in Aberdeen His father was the profligate and abandoned son of that brave old sailor, the 1 Other of the duellist- Four Weather Jack ' whose voyages and adventures are well known The ban on had been discarded by his father He then seduced the Marchioness of Carmar- then was divorced from her, and broke her heart He afterwards named the poets mother, Miss Gordon, whose fortune of twenty thousand pounds he squandered in two years and then deserted her Tom Moore tells a simple but striking anecdote of the arrival of the short farm temperate mother and the little tune to handsome and bright eyed at the Newstead toll bar to take possession Mrs Byron affecting ignorance, asked the toll keeper s wife to whom the seat among, the woods below it She was answered that the owner of it, 1 uri Byron, had been some months dead "And who is the next heir ' asked the proud and happy mother ' They say,' replied the old woman but he is a little boy who lives? at Aberdeen " And this is the bairn, bless him exclaimed the nurse, no longer able to keep the secret, and covering with kisses the yountrlord who was seated on her lap One of Byron's favourite haunts was due Doral's Wood a gloomy grove of arches planted by the wicked lord before the duel and ornamented with leaden statues of farms (called devils by the country people's an 1 dark green with mould In his farewell visit to the group when he sold Newstead to Colonel W deliver, his old Harrow school chum, he came here with his sister, and craned their joint names on an elm It was while home at New stead for the Harrow vacation that the boy poet, then only To fell in love with Mary Chesworth a beautiful girl of seventeen Their trusting place was a gate that joined the Newstead grounds to those of Annesley Hall Mary's mother encouraged his habits for the feud had ceased, the fatal blood- shed had been forgotten, and the marriage would have joined two noble estate" Soon after Byron returned to school, the girl (at an im- pressible age fell in love with Mr Masters, a young stalwart fox hunter, whom she first saw from the roof of the hall dashing through the park at the head of all the riders when Byron returned home, she was engaged to him They parted (it is told in that the cause of love poems, The Dream) on a hill near Anncdej, the last of a long promontory of upland that advances into the sale) of New stead and close to a rise of trees that was long a landmark to Nottinghamshire , then, taking a long last look at Annesley By ion spurred his horse homeward like a madman That ring of trees Jack Masters afterwards cut down in a jealous pet with his (as it was reported) ill used wife Poor Mary Chesworth' her marriage was far from happy Her rough hard riding husband, the first gentleman huntsman of his day (famous for his tremendous fight with Asheton Smith when at Eton), was (Irving says) harsh and neglectful He seldom came to Annesley ; dis- liking the poetical immortality that By ron had conferred on his wife, and lived at a house Rear Nottingham line was set on fire during a Luddite but, Mrs Masters, a scheme woman, escaping into the shrubbery on the cold wet night, half naked Her fragile constitution never recovered this shock, and her mind ski may rely gave way) The bitterness of that earl) disappointment Byron never forgot Long after his unhappy marriage, he wrote ' My M VC, alas Vin do I say) my ' Our union would have healed feuds in which blood had been shed by our fathers it would have joined lands broad and rich , it would have joined at least one heart, and two persons not do matched in years, and-and-and-what has been the result ' ' 