OuÁFTBR xxxviir. ' HB LUCBIT DOBS BOWN. Meanwhile, Mother- Lend sat morning over toe kitchen fire. " The ' rn&'or 8 dead, and Asa's lott, and COT tho light is going ont." , , This eeemrd to her the orowning wos. For over fifty ye/ira- years in and. years nat night after night, from suniot to sunrise-the' Faulkland Island light had-bnrned up a'eniyiand true. Never wavering nor faint, it had stood up like a brave soldier through st'irm and. temtiest-summer's heat and winter's cold-oheering with il« friendly ray, the bestorraed and benighted mariner on the Sound. . If it had falterod ot any time, the major: would have con «'dared himself for ever disgrnottl. His chief pride was to exhibit his light-house to the Government Inspectors tidy and trim, and hi« lamps olein and bright us stars. Asa had bron aa soropulous ai hi« father.., Ho won'd havo lost - his life rather than have bis light go oui ; but both 'nero gone, and now the light Koa going too.-'. , ,.,, .. - , ,, . , "Lord help .rae,", moaned Moth or Land every- body's dead-everybody's dead I'*"' ' ", Bat no, not quito, it would seem from tho g ret t, crashing «tep» . that,, carne plonxing . up. through the frozen crust of ice and snow, to the very bask driven ap against Matnor L>anu s "uar. auo.j ".""",.,"", the luloh -tho door ii-burst open, and B till, wra'ige loolilng apparition itrides' ii)tb'!tliè-, room. ' Iilnok* like ti mah With bis frozen garments' rattling at every' ste,i Uko à coat nf m iii. .A pvt <îf bi* face ia hidden byn large handkerchief tiod down over bis oap, und frozen on. The portion pf tho toou to bo s eii is purple and swollen, and not' like any fàco thaï Mothar Irtnd' ever Btw before. There- aro ieiolèi' liânilriv fiore his oap arid his hair, and' Mother' Land thinks jt 'is the' ghost of suno dro»ned.man walking ioto ber room. At all.events, be acts 'Blrárig'ely'óuóágh for a ghost, or any other mnnttroiis'thlng to be dreided: ' - .-" > Ko dov not even stop to close Ibo door, but plunges forthwith'inti the > passage-way, hrh ga out a furriaoe,1 which be shovels full of red hot ooaU > and brands f, om tho flro-pUco This be tnk>a op in bis arm, dans into the > lower part of th« l'ght-'ïouS8,~Htopi there long enough to get-an iron > kettle that fits 'tim furnaces, and rican of oil standing by itself, and > with bis a rmi fultjvanisbo? op the.stairway to tun,tower,. ,., 'I¡io last lamp is huming ,n little yet,;. To. set: the furcaoo on tho floor- to. put, thu keitle ou; tho top of. that', to ttlrnithe oil from the can jato the kct'.le,, whioh from its fluid, stat» ¡proves,¿tsoit to, bs , pure, .winfor-Btrainfld oil, fa the work of a tuorueat,' Thíti¿ofíj oora'ss tba top of one ot' the dead la/nps, ho thruits iii bi« hand, and mit dies ont'.great handsfull of oil DI tMokas lard, und fling*, it uo-ïutWr whew, tor th« j last ¡lamp fe ¡ta)jr flickering.",¡ The cold' oil Ii Sn oat I tia wink'and burner aredip'ped Into the bot ¿il ovbr'tb furnabei-thep the kettle.I» lifted'aad the hot ¿il turwai into the lnnp, the too ' »¿rowed on. and held ovar th Hying lamp,-qui--kJenough, to bo î lighted - by its .las flirter.1 'It'had.etrnggled- braTelyi and died RiTing lif toits BUCCeaSOr, :-' r .. . '.-'\\\'"; '''.>' ,Tbe newly-tilled lamp blaa-djupbrightly . the Faulk land Islaud light had not been out utterly, for on single . instant ;- though 'lt misrht-' na well,; for al practicable purposes, bare been ont ' for the whola pas ?otu,''. :" .'' "' . '"' "'*.''. ? ' The man tarried to treat another Ump in the sam way.-'when he for the first time saw'Amber leaninj against the'wall., .' ? lie stopped/touched her cold face with his hand he shook her, bat sha on ly"feli heavily o'v.'ri ',"'' ' B " Good God J'' he exclaimed, arid -snatching ber U] in his'arm's, darted down the stairs ont through th passage to the ' kitchen, where" Mother 'Land,' not ye reoovered from the shriek' ot bis entrance; wail. sitttP; bewildered, with the outside door, still open."' " \ ' ; He laid tha girl dow:« on the hearth before the fire shut the door, and'bending over 1 the girl, tore open he dress enough io assure himself .'that' there was still i little warmth 'about'1 her heart, turned abruptly t Mather 'Land; saying, in a strange, tbiak voies: ','1 ' !" Get off ber,'clothes,, wrap ber in bot flin bel, ge 'esme brandy down her throat, and : be quick, or aba'] die;' I'll cobie baók d-reotly." . '. ? Mothar Land"Understood,"It WAS. w*ll. fnrh'er,;ant Amber, too, that she was one of those persons who cai oommand their faculties in an emergenoy. - Tba man ton, bad spoken, proving,that be waa not a ghost Mother Land «ent to work. » .'.,:-.'.: . As for th« m in, he stopped to get an armful! of fin kindlings, and than hurried up to the lamp abais, Thi kindlings went.into the furnace, and the imán went t. work on the lamps.. In-less than half an hour, ever; lamp waa refilled and burning/ - The ' old Faulklam Island light was streaming ont ? sturdily over thi Sonnd again, but .many another, light* along thi Atlantio ooast went out that awful cold night, beoaasi thB oil was chilled, and would not boro. Leaving i hot fire in tbe furnace to sol tea tbe air in tbe room the man took op his csu and dish of chilled oil, ant wentdown. Mother Land had done as be directed, and Ambai Ky swathed in hot fiannela, on the floor. As the mar opened Ike door.she moaned. . He went np to ber. ; " Think'God !'* be èjaoulated, hearlug her moan again. " She ought tobe laid cn my bsd ; its warm enough for her there, DOW," s sid Mother Lind. The men turned, washed his bands and stripped od his coat, now dripping wet from the melting iee about him. Ihen be tenderly lil'ed Amber, and laid her on Mother land's'bed. " Hand me the brandy," be said. When the girl bad swallowed a little, she opened her eyes. She stared at the strange face over har. The eyes sho recognised. " Aaa !" bhe said. "Yes;" " Where ia father !" This strong man, who had borne himself so heroically tbe past terrible twenty- four bonrs, hid his laos io the bed olotbis, and groaned out: "Oh, Arabar ! I had rather drowned myself than come back to you without him.'' That was alt he said, and she asked no questions ; none were needed. " I would like to be alone I" she said at last. Asa lifted his li Had and looked at tbe poor, pale facs nressed into the pillow, aa if it woul J bide from night. Great tears, which all the danger of tbe distrecs of the past day and niifbt could not foros from bim, were running unohecked down his cheeks now. "oh, Amber I" be whispered, "don't die; live for my sake, I beg of >ou," She only turned ber face closer ia tho pillow, and moaned wearily. He was not afraid of ber now. Ile stopped and pressed his swollen lips to the pale, upturned cheek once and again. " Is there anything I cari do for you 7'' be whispered. There waa a pitiful quiver io ber voice as she answered : " Leave me a little while now, please.'' With tears stiil on bia face, Asa took np the candle. " Come, mo her," he soi'1. .' Is it really yon, Asa!" asked Mother Land, when they were ia tbe kitchen, still ia doubt, he looked so strangely. " Yes, mother; but last night this time, I never expeoted to he here again." Mother Land clasped ber bands, and ber Hf* moved noiselessly, asa knutr that abe was thanking God fur ni's escape. Presently she started np, " i'oa must be half starred; I'll get something to eat right off ; and we'll bave a great hot fire ia I no time." .* Not for me, mother ; fm ia torment from the fire already." " What ! are your feet frozen ?" " Y«-s, nnd hands too. " Well, look heiet it's lncky tho snow drove upi agaiost tho door, Yuu get your boots off,, and I'll fill' tbe big tub with snow, un i we'll-get your feet into it, and the frost will all be but hy daylight." I must look at my lamps first," he Bald. The Inmps were burning, courageously, and the frost woe beginning to-melt on tte windows ia»ido, though it waa colder out doors now than it bad been at any time be (oro. - lt was aboat 4- o'olgck now. He made m ire fire in the furnace and came down, satisfied that tbe lamps would burn till daylight. He found tbe tub of snow and ice waiting for bimi and with his mother's help,, cut off bis boots midi stockings-there was no getting them off any other way, his feet were eo swollen-a-id put bis feet into the froxen mass. His hands were cared for in the same way, and bis ears anti tho side of his face wbiob, wbea. tba oap- and handkerchief wore removed, proved to be fronen likewise. What's become of Doney V asked Mother Band-, ia. a whisper, after Asa had drank off two oaps of steaming boten tree. " i don't know," answered- Asa, gloomily sbakiDg hts. head. Before tho san rose that morning, Asa had told bia story. 1 It Beemed that they had a rough passage ronnd io the river, but reached Lyme Ferry-a-d-ut IO o'clook the day they started. Here thsy au their Innoh, made- an awning of the nail, and waited. Aboat 1 o'clock that night -three men came down to. the boat. Ono of them'wa9 St. Cyr, completely enveloped in a tbiok woollen nuit. The other two pot him abeard, gave him a bottle of brandy, andi told them that the> mast pst out for the Uland at ones, tor the officers were already on St. @yt'a track. They expeoted a rough time, but concluded to t-tart. They yot on better than they expected till they rounded Saybrook Poins. Here 6bny lound the wind blowing a gale, and the «ir filled with driving scow. It was '? pitohy dark, and after they got past Say brook light, could not toll waurn lb«y wero or bow to steer. But the Luoky went bravely on in the very teeth of the gale! Detiov tended the sail, St. Cyr lay in tbs- bobtom of ilia boat, saving h.is.strongth> for the worBt, and ABO. kept the helm. The wind was. driving them.straight en shore, hnt the Lucky kept steadily on, plunging herself half underwater every-moment. They moat beir tb,«sail to give thom'leeway,-but the sturdy mast bent.and quivered likaa reed; and every timber in the Lucky laboured and groaned as she stagger!il on. It isi s terrible struggle. li was ' not in. tho power of i wood or iron to stand auob a. strain long, and presently the brave mast snapped and went by tb» hoar.l. Then they drove straight towards the shore, but jost before they reached it, »or.oss wave strnok tho Luck v, »nd ah» went do«u. Darley he cad not, seo,, DUH bu "jyrwas near him when the.r weat down. ABB struak ou% for t he shore »nd ru lohed it, -.wbioh < proied to be teal's Point, B:retehinu;. ou6 from Oiiutun beaoh. Here bo waned the reat of thenight and »ha nen day, hoping to see. or hoir aomeJ.hin^ 'from Daaoy or St. Cyr,-in »aili. '. Just before ni j ht lie tonk a rowhoat and started for homo, ll o hod been all night coming (rora Clinton to Faulkland Iflland, and had barely escaped perishing by the «my. 1 80 it wau ended, and Doaoy and St. Cyr were on doubleily lost. 