HOME CORRESPONDENCE. I Vrom our liondon Correspondent.! .Lo- don. November 2t>. If I begin my letter with a reference to Mr. Bright, it is not from personal preference, but because he is just now the most, conspicuous man in Kiisrl iiid: for the Prince of Wales is in fiussia ami Mr. Gladstone in Home—the latter giving food to the quidnuncs, and stimulating the inven- ! tive faculty of canard manufacturers. Moreover, as the Dulilin banquet, to which I referred in my last, took place but a few days after the mail left, Mf anti/toHincP in Italom) ia tha Mr. Bright's appearance in Ireland is the first incident of importance in the chronology of the month. There can he no question as to the success of the movement; for there were preseut 17 Irish M.P.'s, the Lord Mayor Elect of Dublin, and five Mayers as Chairmen of Town Commissions, 23 aldermen and town councillors, 17 magistrates, 27 Catholic priests. 57 gentlemen of the legal pro fession. and, in alt, 500 gentlemen from various parts of the country. The BomanCatholic Bishops, who do uot appear on such occasions, sent letters expressing in strong terms their sense of the obligation under which the guest of the evening had placed the Irish people. It was not without curiosity that observers waited to see how so great a master on tiie English platform would succeed on Irish soil, where he had to contend with anti-English prejudices, to deal with a special set of topics, and to addresB an audience not accustomed like an English audience to listen admiringly to all that full- front the speaker s lips. But John Bright proved himself to be quite equal to the position—not, indeed, in regard to physical strength, for his voice was in bad order, and be had to speak with comparative brevity. He, however, spoke as he docs in England—with directness and force, and with an abstinence from declamation, from flattery, and from mere rhetorical display, w hich contrasted strongly with the craftiness and the truculence which not unfrequently characterized the speeches of the great Ii ish agitator, Daniel O Oonnell The Church question, the Land question, and the Be foim question were the chief topics of his speech. On the first he could not add much to what he has already said. To the second he referred chiefly, to show that Ireland needed reform as much as England did, aud that the desires of Irish Reformers would be realized only by means of thorough union with those of England. In referring to the most difficult topic of all—the tenant-right question—lie struck out a new line, and propounded views which hare drawn down upon him both rebuke and ridicule from his ordinary opponents, and have also elicited some unfavourable criticism from friendly pens. This, however, was the result iu part of the incom pleteness wiili winch his proposition was described at the banquet, a subsequent speech to the mem bers of the Cork Farmers' CI b being devoted to a further development of his proposal, and to a reply to some of the objections brought against it. He wishes to make the Iiish people the possessors of the soil, of which a large portion is now owned by absentee landlords. To effect that object he would have Government appropriate five millions for the purpose of inducing the landlords to sell at, say 10 per cent, above the market value of their land, which would be divided in suitable lots. Then he would have the State by a Commission let the laud at an increased rent, the increased amount being set apart iu redemption of the farms, until the accumu lations amounted to the value of the fee simple, and made the tenant the owner of the freehold. It may be imagined how roughly such a project is handled by the Conservative Fress, who denounce it as tyrannical, impudent, anil absurd, and even the Daily News thinks that it violates the laws of political economy, and would involve difficulties and evils which would prove to be intolerable. It, moreover, thinks that already the land is by means of existing processes passing into the hands of small proprietors, netting aside this debatable proposition, it car.not be denied that Mr. Bright's visit to the sister country, and the several speeches which he delivered to the bodies who were anxious to hear him. will prove to be of immense service to the Liberal cause by welding the Liberals of Ireland and England together, and inducing in the former a more practical spirit than lias usually charac terized their political movements. Whether increasingly cold weather will put an end to the outdoor Reform demonstrations lias to be 6een; but thus far they have been kept up with wondertul ardour and with uniform success. Edinburgh lias followed in the wake of Glasgow by marshalling a trades procession some 18,000 strong. It was a well-managed affair, and was characterized by as much good humour as earnest ness; while the Corn Exchange at night was crammed with an audience of 2UOO working men, i admitted by tickets which had been balloted for j among the various trades. The Loudon Trades Unions, put on their mettle by their brethren of the North, are dili gently and carefully preparing for a huge proces sion and mass meeting on the 3rd of next month. They are, however, in a fix for a place of meeting; as Mr. Smith, of Crenurne Gardens fame, has cancelled the permissioi which he had given for the use of the grounds of Asliburton House, and difficulties have been put in their way in other quar tos- Tl,.^ i:-.i i —i i_i— ters. They have therefore applied to Lord John Manners, as head of the Board of Works, for per j mission to meet in one of the Parks; and as 1 His Lordship said he cou'd not decide on his own responsibility, but must cousult liis colleagues, it is orobable that permission will be given to meet either on Primrose Hill or in front of Chelsea Hos pital. Sir Richard Mayne declines to afl'ord any police facilities in connection with the passage of the procession through the streets, but the working men have controlled themselves so admirably during this agitation that no disturbance or mishap is locked for. The Manchester Conference and banquet, which came off ou the 19th and 20tli, have been demon strations of a different order, and have been marked by features of their own. The Conference was convened by the London Reform League and the Northern Reform Union; the platform of one body being more advanced than that of the other. There was, however, thorough accord as to the spirit in which the work should be carried on, though a difference of opinion as t® the reception which should be given to a Reform Bill brought in by the Conservative Government, and also as to the desirableness of framing an independent measure. But there was no division on the question whether a £50,00 • fund should be raised, if needful, to carry on the war, and some contributions of £1,000 were promisfd on the spot. At the banquet in the Free Trade Hall some 900 gentlemen were present, and as they paid a guinea each for their tickets, it may be regarded as a mi die-class rather thau a working- class muster. Availing himself of this fact,iMr. Bright—who was one of thesix- and-twenty Liberal members present on the occasion—took pains to show that it is a mislake to suppose that the existing electoral system lodges supreme power in that middle class whose selfishness is appealed to by tlie C .nservatives. For, he contended, they had but a semblance of influence, in consequence of the mode in which the representation is dis tributed; while he enlarged on the necessity for regarding the question of distribution as one of paramouut importance. He also insisted, with great severity of language, on the improbability, almost amounting to an impossibility, that poli ticians like Lord Derby and his son, Mr. Disraeli, Lord Cranbounie, and General Peel would produce a measure of reform, going right in the teeth of all their statements, arguments, and appeals of last session. As yet, however, it is not a very practical question; for the attitude to be assumed by reformers cannot be determined until the Go vernment actually show their hand, and then it may be that the result will lie entire uuauimity in regard to the reception to be given to it. Nothiug has occurred to throw light on Ministe rial intentions, for at the Lord Mayor's banquet on the 9th Lord Derby was as skilfuljas Lord Palmer ston could be in saying nothing. He did, however, contrive to hint that his Government would | pursue : a policy of conciliation in regard to America, of - which he spoke in terms by no means characteristic f of his party. Of the proposed Commission of Enquiry into the operation of the neutrality laws l.ord Cranwortb is to be President; and though the Times says that the Alabama claims are not to be dealt with, it is hardly conceivable that so leading j a case can be omitted from the pleadings on one side or tile other. The Cabinet meets with a frequency unusual at this season of the year, and, as foreign questions are net urgent, it may be assumed that those of a domestic kind arc engaging early attention. There are those who say that it is not Reform which is before them, but proposals relating to the army and navy, and generally ro the defence of the country, and that wiiiie trir J. Pakington wants once more to reconstruct the navy, and General Peel wishes to distinguish his i Administration by a scheme of armv reform, Air. ' Disraeli feels bound to produce a Budget wliicU < will not compare unfavourably witli these of Mr. Gladstone, and which, therefore, must not provide | for increased expenditure. The report of the ; Koyal Commission on Kecnriting, I may'add, strougly urges importaut changes in the mode of keeping up the army; for, astbeExaminer puts it. scum is running short and the price is rising. The War Office is at its wit's end for relief for Canada and Mia." And, adds the writer:-"If up its mind to open up the career of promotion by merit, from the drummer-boy to the commander in the field; to obliterate absolutely and for ever the insulting brand-mark of unequal birth and unequal wealth within the gates of the camp; to establish the principle that there shall be one law to officer and private, rich and poor; and as the first essential preliminary change, corporal punishment has to be totaUy abolished.'' The rapidity with which the Government is pushing its legal supporters ou to the Judicial Bench is thought to indicate a consciousness that their reign will be short-lived. Mr. Fitzroy Kelly, Mr. Whiteside, and Sir Hugh Cairns are already provided for, and to-day the C'liief Justice of the Common Pleas, Sir Wm. Erie, retires, and Sir IV. Bovill, the Solicitor-General, will take his place. One. at least, if not two of the Vice-Chancellor ships will also be available, aud it is believed that the Government intend to propose the appoint ment of three additional Judgeships. There was also a rumour to the effect that Chief Baron Kelly and Lord Justice Cairns would become law lords, in order to counteract Lord Westbury's too great influence; but that is declared to be a fiction. Anyhow it is certain that before the Conservatives can be ousted they will have done an excellent stroke of business for some of their supporters as well as for themselves. I may add that they have given the Governorship of Bombay to Mr. Seymour Fitzgerald, formerly their Foreign Under-Secretary, and who was always available for any amount of party speaking. "Will the Australians see the sight!" was a question which I asked myself while watching that grand meteoric display which, in exact fulfilment of the predictions of astronomers, teok place ou the night of the 13th, or, more strictly speaking, in the early mcmiug of the 14th instant. It was a night which for atmospheric clearness could not be sur passed in these regions, and the hundreds of thou sands who sat up, or gol up, to sec the whole northern heavens alive with countless meteors, flashing out of the darkness and then quickly vanishing, agree that it was a night never to be forgotten, while the sleepers vainly regret that another 33 years must pass ere it can be repeated. We haveof late been most agitated iu England by the progress of the ritualistic controversy, which is now assuming almost gigantic dimensions. Every journal has taken its side, ami, excepting theorgans of what is called the "Catholic party"' in the Established Church, has taken sides against the ritualists. The Times has cracked its loudest thunder on the question, castigating the Bishops for their neglect of duty, denouncing the new doctrines as "pernicious nonsense," and pro phesying that if the ritualists are ailowed to hare their way the Church of England is doomed. There is, indeed, a very strong feeling on the subject; and it is not too much to say that ritualists have gratuitously provoked it by the extravagance of their practices and boldness of their doctrines. The celebrated Rev. Lord Sidney Gcdolphin Osbome, the "S. G. <).*' of the Times, has added fuel to the fire by addressing two letters to the leading journal, in which the doctrines of the new party are something like anathematized, the Bishops held up to public contempt, and the general spiritual character of the clergy asserted to be of the lowest order. On the appear ance of the first of these letters the Bishop of Salisbury, in whose diocese "S. G. O." iB an in cumbent, addressed to the noble clergyman a severe rebuke. Aft< r recapitulating the subjects which the letter raised relating to the education and the character of the clergy, the Bishop thus proceeds to assert his belief iu one of the distinc tive ritualistic doctrines:—"I admit, of course, that such questions may be most properly raised, and may be discussed in a fair, candid, earnest, devout, an •' reverent spirit. But I deny that such questions can affect the meaning of those words with which you and I received our commission to enter upon the office and to do the work of priests in the Church of God, and which are, I would remind yon, as follows* Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God, now committed unto tlice by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven; and whose sins thou dost retain they are retained. And be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of His hoiy sacraments; in the name of the Father, 3nd of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.*" This communication closes with die remark that the Bishop feels compelled, notwithstanding private friendship, to make this remonstrance, and ; give this "grave rebuke." The next day, S.G.O. replies in two columns of the Times, and in large type. The writer here repeats his previous charges and makes a stronger assault on the Episcopal bench: —" I have now far more reason to believe that, as I hinted in a previous letter, the millineristic proclivities and Roman Catholic doctrines of these men have been so condoned hj the lone sufferance of the Bishops, so connived at, if not encouraged, by some of them, that there seems no reason to doubt that to exoect any serious resentment against this treachery to the principles of our Cliurch, any vigorous attempt at its sup pression on the part of the Bench, is vain." He adds—" We are so closely approximating in practice and doctrines to the Church of Home that it tan hardly now be said she has much reason left to eonsidemer exclusion of us a barrier against union which can exist much longer. We are fast cutting away all grounds tor exclusion; it is hardly wortli while to go out of our way to protest against what we are so rapidly removing.'" He repudiates the Bishop's doctrines, and repeats that it is monstrous to imagine that such men as the majority of the clergy of the Establishment have been called by the Holy Spirit to their office, or are endowed by it with any spiritual gifts. The letter closes in the following terms:—"Begotten of an earnest, misled f inaticisin in some, in the mere pride of power in others, we are soon likely to have a sort of bastard form of worship which no existing Church will own—of which any Church with the slightest pretence to consistency would be asbamcd. Far better would it be to dismiss to Home a thousand or two of those who clearly love her better than us, and serve us with a traitorous service, than to allow tamely the spread of a poison which, carefully adapted to youthful, weak tastes, snares our children into a creed which palliates the deceit that covers the belief of the Papist under the clothing of the Protestant." To-day the same writer has another and more powerful letter, in which the result of his reading of ritualistic literature is given. That on "Confession" is reported to be as dangerous and immoral as it is hasty and indecent. It is " Dea's Theology" over again. Dr. Pusey next comes forward to defend the practice of confession, and to state that it is making great progress in the Church. He says that it is a denial of Christian liberty not to admit the right of the clergy to receive confessions, and that they now pervade every rank in society and every profession in England. Coming upon this we have the announcement that Ave clergymen, all of the High Church School, have just seceded to Iiome. While the controversy is going on the Ritualists seem to he unceasing in their demands to their rites. The distinctive doctrines of the Roman Church are openly preached; the Lard's Supper is changed to "mass, and called "mass; "masse! . ... , massess" for the dead are performed; and the term "Protestant" is scouted with 6corn. It is not wonderful to hear that at the same time Canon Oakley is preaching a series of sermons in the Roman Catholic Church at Islington on the certain and speedy conversion if England to the Roman Catholic faith. The people at large are scarcely as yet moved by this controversy. The Ritualists, excepting in the diocese of Salisbury, are in isolated congregations, but the leaders of the people are speaking very plainly. One of the most powerful articles on the whole question has appeared in the Pall Mall Gazette, which says that the movement is an attempt to bring the minds of the people under the heel of the Sacerdotalists, and it calls on the parents of England to rouse them selves against it. The Nonconformist newspapers are writing upon it every week, and sermoDS are being preached in their churches on the subject. In London Mr. Spurgcon, Mr. Brock, and Mr. Binney have set the example, and it is being fol lowed throughout the country. At Dublin 300 of the congregation left after prayers just as Arch bishop Trench was about to preach, and the service was suspended for a quarter of an hour. This is because of the Archbishop's supposed sympathy with the movement. No one imagines that the Bishop will do anything. Dr. Elliott, of Gloucester and Bristol, has preached a sermon on the subject, in whicli, after expressing a good deal of sympathy with some of the senti ments of the party, he said that lie couM not view the progress of the movement w th out great distrust and apprehension. The only two Bishops who have spoken very decisively against it are the Bishop of Cork and the Bishop of Ripon. I think the general feeling is that, what with this and what with Colensoism, the eDd of the Establishment, as such, is approaching. The decision in the Rails Court of Bishop Colenso's suit for his salary in the case of Colenso v. Gladstone has caused some bitter feeling in Tho Riclinn hoc nnf nnlvr itrnn llm Church circles. The Bishop has not only won the day, but obtained j ust such a declaration of law as he sought to obtain. It is decided that be is still a Bishop of the Church of England, and also a Bishop of the Church of England in Natal, i ord Romiily delivered a very elaborate judgment in the case, which occupied two hours in reading. There is some confusion of language in it and some con fusion of ideas, but he very clearly defines the power of the Bishop. He says that the Bishop is a Bishop without coercive jurisdiction, but that ho is not powerless. He can appeal to the legal tribuuals of the colony to aid him, and he can perform all the functions of a " titular Bishop." lie has full spiritual but no secular jurisdiction, j He can ordain and consecrate and confirm. " When a colony," said Lord Romiily, "possei-sed an established Legislature, but no established Church, the Church of England was a mere volun tary association, in the same sense as any other religious associaiion. The members of it might agree to adopt any rules for discipline which would whpn adrmti-il liinH tbpm " nnii " thptf nro Smintl when adopted bind them,' by those rules which they have adopted." It follows, as Lord Romiily explained, that the members of the Church of England in the colonies must commit some overt act of rebellion against the rites or the discipline of the Church as esta blished by law before they are free from its authority. The result is that the Church in South Africi not having done this is bound to the Cnuicli in England, and, as has been said, the Queen is "Rope" in that colony, with all the authority of the Rope in any Protestant country. The Rev. Ernest Hawkins, in a letter to the Times, complains in bitter terms of the position, in which Churchmen are thus placed. 44Siir*»l\" Sip." hp. wrifps. "it must, hp nHrrril-t^rl urely, that if any subjects of the British Crown have reason to complain of a teal grievance and wrong, it is the Bislisps of the Church of England in colonies possessed of independent Legislatures." Some Church journals—the Churchman especially | —write with greatseverity concerning this position, and intimate that the colonial Churches are fettered by all the laws of an establishment, and enjoy none of its advantages. Of course, the colonial < Lurches will have to decide this question for themselycs. If they choose to reform their Constitutions they may be free at once. They I can be independent—that is to say, if they really | desire to be independent. The Jamaica question has revived in a new form. The Jamaica Committee, formed for the purpose of prosecuting Mr. Eyre, had engaged Sir. Cole ridge, Q.C., as their leading advocate. Subse quently Mr. Eyre's friends, ia his name, offered a brief to the same gentleman, and persisted in his taking it on the ground that the Jamaica Com mittee had no legal existence. The question was referred to the Attorney-General (Sir J. Holt), who is considered by virtue of his office to be the head of the English bar, and he bus decided that Air. Coleridge must take Air. Eyre's brief, and he has therefore done so. The matter has caused a great deal of angry feeling and angry writing, mainly because it is felt that this is nothing but a trick to rob the Jamaica committee of an able advocate. I know some eminent persons who, until this step, had disapproved of the prosecution of Mr- Kyre; i but who now; feeling that there is an unfair pres sure against them, have gone heartily into the prosecution. There is also a general felling that the step has not been a proper one, and that Eyre's 1 friends would not have taken it unlest they had j felt that they had a weak case, and could not afford that so eminent a man as Mr. Coleridge should he opposed to them. tine other circumstance has also considerably strengthened the hands of Mr. Eyre's prosecutors. This is the appearance in all ihe journals of a I correspondence between Mr. Buxton, M.P., and Lieutenant Brand, R.N., who was the Chairman of the Court Martial which ordered all the hangings and whippings at the time of the so- called "re bellion." Mr. Buxton had stated in a speech that nearly 210 men had been tried and liuug by this Court Martial after the rebellion was declared by the Governor to be suppressed. Lieutenant Brand saw this speech, and at once wrote from Jamaica one of the most extraordinary letters which has ever been written by a sane man. Mr. Buxton is called a foul-mouthed liar, and a challenge is seDt to him. The whole letter is in the druuken style of a man who had lost all his senses. Mr. Buxton replied, and received a rejoinder in exactly the I same style of vulgar, rollicking, coarse, tap house abuse. This correspondence he printed. One consequence was of immediate result. Bo dis graceful were the letters that the Admiralty have directed them to be sent to Commodore McClin tock, in Jamaica, witli instructions that if Brand is unable to deny their authenticity he is to he imme diately suspended as having been gu-lty of conduct unbecoming "an officer and a gentleman." But j the public is at the same time reminded by tiie Press that it was this fellow who ordered all the Jamaica hangings and whipping, and that it was to him that Eyre committed Court Martial authority. A6 far as public opinion in England is concerned, Lieut. Brand's letters have pretty well destroyed all sympathy for Mr. Eyre. To-day there is a continuation of the correspon dence in the form of a letter from Sir John Pakington to Mr. Buxton and a reply. Mr. Buxton had stated that Brand had been promoted by the present Board of Admiralty, bat it appears that it was the Duke of Somerset who promoted him. Sir J ohn contradicts the statement, and says of Brand's productions that they are "shameful letters." However some of our politicians may ridicule the mode in which our Australian fellow-subjects practise the art of self-government, our mauuf c turers and traders cannot despise them as cus tomers : for the return of the Statistical Department of the Board of Trade for last year shows that the value of British and Irish produce exported to the Australian CoIonieB exceeded by more than £3.000,001) the imports of materials sent in ex change. Wool is, of course, the staple of the imports; the amount being nearly £9.000,000, which is four- fifihs of the whole value of imported merchandise. Nearly as large a relative propor tion of miscellaneous articles is exported; wrought leather, haberdashery, apparel, and other articles belonging to highly civilized countries being taken in large quantities. As time goes on, and the colonies develop the almost illimitable resources of these splendid pos sessions, as the Telegraph city editor writes, we shall receive a great accession to those iiatural products, for which the demand is likely to in crease here as the suoply does there. Considering that but a short time ago manv of our newspapers were amusing themselves at the expense of the Victorians and their " political deadlock." and were holding up to the Liberals of this country, as a warning, the failure of demo cratic government in the colonies, it is very signi ficant that the new loan of the Victorian Govern ment—respecting which you will have information from other quarters—should have been so great a financial success. Nor has the success of the Hon. C. F. Verdon, the Treasurer to the Victorian Government, been confined to this financial scheme, for he has been equally successful in the accom plishment of liis mission in the matter of colonial defences, and has also done something to advance a scheme of telegraphic communication. For the purpose of colonial defence Mr. Verdon has asked the Home Government to grant one of our wooden vessels, for use as a training- sliip, for t-lic encourage ment of a local navy, and also for a contribution and other assistance to enable the colonists to guard t heir harhoms by an armour-plated ship, and both these requests have been readily complied with. That being the case, it is not surprising that Australiansin this country should conceive the idea of doing honour to the successful ambassador, and that they should propose to give liim a compli mentary dinner. This took place on the 21st instant at Willis's Rooms, when 130 gentlemen were present to do honour to Mr. Verdon—among them the Colonial Secretary, Lord Carnarvon, and the head of the Admiralty, Sir John Pakmgton. Mr. Guilders, M.l'., very appropriately presided on the occasion. Nothing could be more compli mentary to the colonists generally, or to the guest of the erening in particular, than some of Sir John Pakington s references. "It had," he said, "been his fortune partly from accidental circumstances and partly from holding his present high office, to nave personal intercourse with gentlemen who had come 'o this country from the various depen dencies of the British Crown, holding, at the time of their visit, high official positions in their respec- i tive countries: and. without exception, he might venture to say that he had always found in them ! men of the greatest capacity, men of high character. ^ qualified to fill the highs>t positions in I whatever country they might be placed" He ' spoke in laudatory terms of the manly spirit in 1 which the Victor'an Government had preferred their requests, and closed by saying that it would , be the agreeable duty of Mr. Verdon to "return to that country in which he held so eminent a position, and to tell his fellow-colonists that he ' had liecn successfni in his mission-that he. left this country with the goodwill of all with whom he had c»me in contact — to tell his colleagues and countrymen that we in England appreciated the spirit in which he had come to this country, that we wished that magnificent colony a long career of happiness and prosperity, founded on th it self government, that well-regulated liberty and freedom, which formed thebest. basisof English institutions— and that we were not forgetful of the ties that hound *5? together, but would always be willing to render them such assistance as might he consistent with their dijmitv to ask and our duty to concede," Lord Carnarvon took a retrospective view of colonial matters, and admitted that, in regard to the past, there were no doubt faults on the side of Downin^-streefc—which, lie pleasantly said, was disappearing as colonial self-government advanced —as well as on the other side. "The fault of the motnec-ciuntry might be that of age—sometimes a little too curt, or a little too dogmatic in its communications. The colonies, on the other hand, might in the eagerness of ambitious youth be a little too jealous of independence; and a little too impatient of the semblance of anything like control; and yet he was quite sure of this, that there was nothing but the heartiest, the truest, i and sincerest affection on both sides." Mr. Vernon expressed national and legitimate pride at being the nero on such an occasion: and, with ' reference to his mission, said that "This was the 1 first occasion on which any Colonial Government I had approached the Government of England with , a view to co-operation in a great national work ' common to both countries, and, in justice, he must say that approach had been made con sistently with the dignity of a colony which had never a»sfc the Imperial Government one shilling. JVqw that the arrangement had been mutually adjusted he must say, from the spirit which hail been shown, that Australia bad the earnest, the fullest sympathy of the Government of Great Britain It was announced at the dinner by the Colonial Secretary that Her Majesty had been pleased to mark her sense of Mr Verdon sservices "as the representative of one or her great, loyal, and prosperous colonies, en gaged here in a most importart mission, bv ad mitting him to the Companionship of the Bath, and lie has since been gazetted as "an Ordinary Member of the Civil Division of the Third Clare of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath Canadian affairs are being discussed just now in connection with the proposed Confederation wu.i me proposed Confederation scheme, the Canadian representatives—20 members forcnpstituencieB in T.ower Canada—havrngarrived /we s.conn!Ty', Th?y have been to the Colonial J-™";,?,0 scainst the proposed confedera tion of the British North American Provinces hefore an opportunity has been given for a more authentic expression of opinion on the part of the people, who have not had an opportunity of pronouncing a decision upon it They say that the New Bruns wick and NovaScotian Governments are proDosing terms differing from those agreed to at the Quebec Conference, and that Canada is about to send delegates to obtain an Act of Union «n the terms then resol ved upon. On the other hand, the mem bers of the New Brunswick and Nova Scotian Governments are pledged to obtain some modifi cations of those terms; and so what seemed likely but, a sllort controversy, ending to the satisfaction of all parties, is likely to be prolonged, whatever may be the ultimate issue. Both the ir and ds. correspondents are writing down the Intercolonial Railway, as certain to Ire a T.°?"I'ayintr and dangerous speculation. it does not take long in these days to change the map of Europe, and it has been very considerably changed since I last wrote. Venetia ir now for mally united to Ttaly. The result of tiieplebiscituin (everybody must give it this title, but I do not see why it. should not be called, in plain English, the ropu art ote) was 641,758 votes were given in favour of union with Italy, and onlv 6.0 votes against it. Bishops and priests vied with the people in giving expression to the national enthu siasm, and in cuntry districts the priests headed the professions to the poll. This is, undoubtedly, f'lf most remarkable feature in the late election. tJ i- "ope "as over and over again cursed the Italian revolutionists. Victor Emmanuel lies under excommunication, his government has been denounced as sacrilegious, and yet the priests of Venice* have welcomed him with unbounded enthusiasm. - The spiritual power of the Papacy in Italy is. m fact, worth very little more than i,„^Plri power TJ*5 in England about three ?,3oarSuI:2' ^',e King jocularly snaps his S i ^ educated classes are with him, SSL n er cIa*\es are utterly indifferent to reH5!011-. How could they, seeing what they see mi w'iat the? hear, be otherwise? lh? e'erpy is not an English Pro testant intention, for the best description of it is the Naziont:— They came in crowds to vote *yes* themselres, "reir erample and influence they stirnu l»»«.ith®P;5''■J*01?™ °{ others. In some instances ii !iViea.(le(i t,'e-'r flocbs '"J"5 Pastors, and led them to the voting urn. The Bishops exhorted by pastoral letters their diocesans to vote, and the Patriarch of Venice, in the enthusiasm of these memorable days, demanded oblivion for the past pardon for the many and grave mistakes, and de i T!-shed in lutuie a good Italian and faithful subject. Monsignor Zinelli, of Treviso, a pi elate famous for his reactionary fanaticism and ill. nneR.s of -1,is "Macks. who emulated the most violent champions of Ultramontanism in ^^iPot,beinp.ab,?onaccount of illness to go personally to vote, deputed by special licence to?Seftr,° perfo,np for him, and wrote irn.n "li.or a ,ter fu" °f patriotic sentiments. r»™„f - m°nhs. over whom the sword of Damocles is suspended in the measure for the i corporations, wore on their breasts tricolour ribbons, and placed their "yes" in tne urns. .The scenes which have taken place in Venice CaReJ mto requisition the peculiar talents or Our Own Correspondent/' All the leading journals of Europe have had their repre FFw v.S tbeIe- The spectacles certainly appear to nave been of a character approaching to magni vMoWh .i*5' wa,s, the polling of the people, of description^tn!eS rreKPondent gives an eloquent I^if'w.i6'!'e^00I ?f the Athenaeum were col lected at the hour of the commencement of the poll ^™-,ldueraliecro^d' but the m«st perfect order pushing wearied the weak or -ged; no practical jokes scared the timid; alt eyes were S wr entrance, which was kept by some of the National Guard; but the eagerness of the people to vote never Jed them to forget the require courtesy. It was truly a wonderful sight this eager and anxious, but quiet assembly, met together with but one purpose—to carry through the last act that would unite them to Italy for ever. At one point a small opening was watched over by a civc guardsman, who allowed but one voter to pass at a time. As he entered he cave hi* Christian na^!fcnd su"lamf. to t!le registrar of votes, whose rapid fingers travelled over the pages adding name i j p?me. to the columns. No questions were asked, .he important paper was delivered, folded, and instantly, placed in a metal box through a nar f?.^SPel}I.r5F ln the top" t iTBt came the National Guard of that quarter of the city, and while they » iPw A . their votes rapidly and quietly their faces told that no negatives were to be expected from fhl& J- "Vn ?e °,f the citizens who followed the National Guard took advantage of this one op portunity of their hves, and made Fhort speeches expressive of their po itica! desires, but not until tney bad passed the barrier and handed in their St. Among the voters were returned Garibaldians in their red coats or shirts, priests in their cassocks, and workmen in their brown jackets. One man ? iS j i° put ln a,PaPcr carefully written upon and folded but was told that only a simple Si or Xo could be takeu. There never has been, nor can there be, any question as to the result—an almost unanimous affirmative for incorporation with Italy under Victor Emmanuel as a constitutional King, iw7i 18 t ln which the question is put." \> hen the Italian were exchanged for the Austrian garrisons the emotion was very affecting Hie people, it is said, cried like children, and cm braced each other like lovers. Here is one little scene:— * One by one the Italian vessels swept in — the Garibaldi first, then the Fulminante. Con fienza, Yn^zagho, Sirens, an J last, the ironclad Vaiese. Then the people of Venice heard the ships salute—their own ships—with those bronzed Venetian sailors on board, who had long been exiles from their homes. The grand old palaces seemed unaccustomed to the bright flags and rich draperies that drooped from their balconies, or floated, sunlit, against the bright blue sky. Rich siUes. Gobelin tapestries, everything that was beautiful or costly was displayed on the massive fronts, and men and women adorned themselves with colour and ornaments; for all, rich and poor, wished to give of their best to honour the arriving soldiers. J he Rialto was well decorated by the crowd which covered it. * Next came tlie illumi nations and other popular demonstrations on the Fh£ »JlL! r e* y®nic® appears to have worn the aspect of an enchanted city, and no city in the world, as we all know, is capable of looking so wierdly strange and beautiful. Some allowance must lie made for excitement in the "high falutin" styleof the following; which is from the Post ■— 1_ nave stood on the Piazzetta in old days, won deringwhether it would ever be given me to behold the city unchained: and when the hope of it ap peared a dieam remote. and sad as that dead colour of the west which haunts a summer twilight, I could hardly tell myself that I lived in the verv hour which had rouuded at last to dawn, and made a nay. Jhe happiness of the people was the sweetest sight of aU Barcaroli sung on the Grand Ganalhereat a dark poich in a barca hung with coloured paper-lamps, and there under lighted .Palace windows; soMiers—Neapolitans, my gon dolier assured me—sang from the Foscari Palace, in good harsh harmony. The canal was illuminated, and an occasional rocket shot up and mirrored its descending stars in the dark water, making the palaces quiver out of their gi< om. Higher up i i'"-— xjklv vi mil-it gi' om. aignerup 1 hear a caorus of barcaroli. They sing admirably. Yes, \ enice is free!' The melody is old, the words are new. Again. I see a irroun nf r°^are niew" I gee a group of gondolas and the coloured lamps. 4 Veueiia and her free dom once more. I look over to the shadowy dome and campauile of »San Giorgio, standing in a ring of moonlight. Not a lamp is visible there Ihe island is always visionary at night: and this nipht it has. in contrast with the Piazza and the Kiva, a spectral aspect. The Austrians used to hayc San Giorgio to themselves. It is easy on sucli a night imagine—and perhaps you may think it permissible to dwell on—a contrast of scenes that seem l^ean opposition of living sentiments. No stretch of fancy is required to suppose the spirit of old, unteachahlc Austria to be there, gazin^ on the transformation-drawing off, with her stiff traditions of rule, farther and farther from the shores of free and active life; beaten, but not con quereu; proud to the dcuth, anil never losiiig dignity. * The result of the vote was formally communi cated to the King of Italv on November 4. <>u that day, surrounded by all the diguitaries of the kingdom m the palace at Turin, Victor Emmanuel received General Menaiiea and the Venetian deputation, who also delivered into the King's hands the celebrated Iron Crown of Lombardv The King spoke as follows:—"Thjs day is tire proudest / f my life. Eighteen years ago nir father proclaimed from this city the war of inde pendence, and to-day you bring to me the mani festations of the popular will in the Vcnetiau i;y\iUCCii which, uuitcd with Italy, declare biv father's wish to be accomplished You confiia. by this solemn act, what Yenetia did ap to l(-48 and has maintained up to the present day with admirable^ constancy and abnegation. I therefore Pay a frateful tribute to those generous patriots who upheld their faith in the des inies of the country by every kind of sacrifice and by their blood, To-day foreign domination ceases forever Italy is constituted, if not accomplished. Italians must now defend and make her great. The Iron Crown is also restored to Italy; but to that Crown I prefer the one which ia dearer to me. made by the love of my people." Three days afterwards Victor Emmanuel arrived at Venice, where an "indescribable enthusiasm" prevailed. He came in the Mate bark, followed by a procession of as novel as it was gorgeous & character. They were not the traditional black gondolas with which we are all so familiar, but were one blaze of colour:— "Tiie costumes of the oarmen were, like the decorations of the boats themselves, all of strict historical accuracy, and were taken from family and other records of the costumes of the gondolier upon great triumphal occasious during the middle ages. There were black velvet doublets, tight leggings, cue red and one yellow, great Vandyke collars, red scarfs, b'ack velvet caps with white feathere; violet doublets, white silk sleeves and puffed trunks, slashed with gold-tlie canopy and hangings of their barge were of green velvet* crimson velvet jackets, with white satin sleeves, and loose pulled breechessla lied with green velvet wib violet velvet canopy, and white satin lining; green velvet jackets, with cloth-of-gold sleeves and ; trunks, with gold and gauze hangings; barges similar to the above, but with blue, yellow, and I red velvet hangings and canopy. One barge I was , particularly struck with the rowers bad cloth-of goid tunics, bound with a red sash. Oloth-of eilver loose sleeves and trunks, yellow shoes, black velvet caps with red plumes, and long curling bair, of course wigs. Souie of the hangings and canopies | were of lighter materials; one was of tine gauze : sprinkled with gold, another of blue. and one of rose-coloured muslin with silver stars. Some of the rowers were m striped dresses, blue, violet* and yellow, with silver; some in rich silk damasks; some in complete white, with coloured or gold scarfs or sashes. One boat had rowers in violet velvet, with yellow tilk sleeves and sasu, long loose white silk trousers, and fiat yellow silk cape, with white plumes." Some represented nationalities of past times;—" The Turks were entirely in red ana black, with round flat turbans, quite unlike what the Turks wear at present, but exactly resembling those in the pictures of battles with the OUomuns in the Ducal Palace. The Spaniards had a peculiar and Mepbis topnelian aspect. Green velvet jackets, tight fitting pantaloons, one leg white the other red, pointed shoes, small, round, red velvet caps, with erect feathers. The Greeks were also in full Greek costume, scarlet jackets and fezes, and long white skirts. To describe the whole of the costumes would occupy all the columns of a newspaper, and I must therefore break off. They were infinite in hue and in material. Velvet, cloth, 6atin, silk, and cl >ths of gold and silver. Violet, green, pink, blue, yellow, crimson, and black were the favourite colours for the doublets, whilst the breeches were generally of the same colour, but slashed with white silk and gold. The stockings were generally white. The caps were almost all of velvet to match the dress, with white or coloured plumes; but soma were of the most singular shape and appearance, quite indescribable in the present limits. The sleeves were full and puffed, and of white satin or silver cloth. I despair of giving any idea of the wonderful beauty of these costumes.' The shouts which accompauied this remarkable scene, and the illuminations, parties, leceptions, balls, and dinners which followed, must be left to the imagination. The people seem to have almost taken leave of their senses, and the only cool (and it ib said cold) person there was the Elng himself. Somehow or other the M gallant'* King does not seeni to have displayed his usual franimess and cordiality amongst the Venetians. No one yet knows the reason; but in all probability he was overdone with excitement. He uaB now gone back to his Government, where again he had an enthu siastic welcome. There is sure to be some man of cynical dis position or disappointed experience who is pre pared to look upon all such events as the above with a jaundiced eye, and the troubled, good natured. weak Pope did his best to throw cold holy water on Italy just before this national demonstration. Ou^October 29 he delivered two allocutions—one against the Government of Victor Emmanuel, and the other against the Czar. In the first the Pope launches an anathema acainstthe Italian Government for its " persecution" of the Church, for its suppression of religious orders, its secularization of ecclesiastical property, and its initiation of the law of civil marriage. He declares all these acts, to be "null and void," which declaration will have, of couise, about as much effect as if it had been directed against the Government of New South Wales or any other civilized place. The in vasion and "usurpation" of the Pontifical pro vinces is also again condemned, and the project of making home the capital of Italy denounced as "revolutionary." In his last words, however, the old Pope bestows his blessings on Italy. The' allocution reminds one of a certain class of persons out of whose mouths proceed " both blessings and curses. It is scarcely necessary to say tbat this document did not damp the joy of the Venetians. All Europe is now awaiting, in anxious and something like feverish expectation, the course of events which will follow on the departure *>f the French troops from Home. In a very few days tliis long-looked-for event will take place, and a thousand rumours are in circulation as to the in tentions of the PoQtitfl Mr. Gladstone's presence iu Home has given additional currency to the old rumour that the .English Government have placed Malta at the disposal of the Pope, and one journal has invented a conversation between Pis Holiness and the ex-Chancellor of the Exchequer on this subject—not a word of which, of course, is authentic. As Earl fiussell and Mr. Layari are in Venice it has been further asserted that as soon as these two statesmen shall reach fiome the matter will be finally concluded. Nothing can be more absurd or improbable than all these state ments. Most likely the Pope does not himself know what be will do. He will act on some sudden impulse—perhaps make up his mind to stay with a nominal sovereignty, or make a sen sational departure as a persecuted aud poverty stricken old man. The last role would be an inconvenient one, but he has many places to go to. Spain is profuse in her offers; but as it Is not altogether unlikely that Queen Isabella will her self soon have to take flight from her misgoverned dominions, it is not probable that so astute a as Pius will accept of her ho6pi ality, unless, indeed, in that ultra-Catholic country he chooses to use his spiritual maledictions for the purpose of proppiug up the next worst Government on earth to his own. On the general subject of the relation of Italy to the Papacy, Baron Bicasoli has addressed a circular letter, in which it is stated that the Con vention with France will be strictly observed. The Moniteur has gone so far as to remark on the satisfactory character of these assurances, and although the people of Italy are just now stupidly indignant with the Emperor Napoleon because of his acceptance of Venetia from Austria, there is a perfectly good understanding between the two Govenuneate. What is declared in some quarters is that if a revolution should break out in Home, the French troops will return. No doubt rite Emperor has a difficult put to play, and the fanatical enthusiasm of the Empress for the Pope, whom she is about to vis-it, must make it more difficult than, political!)*, it need be. But, ex cepting in the case of Mexico, he has provedhim* sell to be equal to any emergency that he ban yet encountered, and 5*ill surely be equal to this. In Germany the consolidation of the Prussian Government is being proceeded with with great vigour and completeness. Saxony is now quite disposed of. The King, not being able to help himself, has virtually surrendered his Government to Prussia; for he has consented that Prussian armies should guard liis castles and Prussian Generals shall command his forces. He is to pay an indemnity to Prussia for the expenses of the war. and give up the control of the telegraph wires. He is left with the title of King, and has returned to Dresden, where, notwithstanding his shorn dignity, he was well received. Meantime, the fortresses are being disarmed, and Prussia is organ ziug a grand and powerful fleet. The miserable Emperor of Austria—than whom no man in Europe is just now to be more pitied— has been shot at in Prague. The assassin's arm was struck by Captain Palmer, an Englishman, who was standing behind him, and the ball missed its aim. 1 he event has caused scarcely any sensation. The Emperor has been making a tour through a portion of the dominions left to him. but has been received with marked coolness and reserve. The Times correspondent says that his tour has been a sad spectacle," and that tbe feelings of the people may be expressed in the words, "The Emperor would give us nothing till he was forced to do it, and we rejoice at the calamities which have done us good. Francis Joseph himself is described as a careworn, sad, and anxious man, with a form that has become almost [emaciated. He has, however, taken one vigorous step in the appointment of Baron Von Beustto the Foreign Office—an act which has caused a great sensa tion in all diplomatic circles. Beust was Minister iu Saxony, and has been known for years as the political opponent of Bismark. He is a man of high character, gceat administrative ability, tenacity of purpose, and is a Protestant, The appointment of any Protestant by the Austrian Emperor is something equivalent to a revolution in the Government, and the appointment of Von Beust has been looked npon as a threat of defiance to Prussia. However, this Minister's first circular is of reassuring character. It is eminently peaceful, as well as dignified in tone, and it nas made a most favourable impres sion. Perhaps Von Beust may be able to over come the Hungarian difficulty, which is the first thing tbe Emperor has now to do. The Emperor has made himself a conciliatory step in this direc tion, and Herr Deak and his party are considering as to what stand they should take. It seems, how ever, very certain that Francis Joseph has not yet yielded enough, and no one will be surprised to learn that his blind obstinacy, as in the case of the late war, has cost him another portion of his dominions. And if it should, no one will yield him an atom of pity. The Russian fStes consequent on the marriage of the Princess Oaguiar to the ,< "zarewitch appear to have surpassed in magnificence even those of Venice. The barbaric splendour of the ceremonies is described as uniting all the gorgeousness of both Eastern aud Western civilization. "Our Special Correspondents" have been in force here too. The Prince of Wales was present, and is there now; so was and is SchamyL The marriage ceremony was very quaint, and the hall a splendid spectacle. Here is a part of the last scene " There were more Circassian uniforms notice able now than in the afternoon, and, in a crowd of dark-visaged and ferocious-looking strangers, Hchamyl was pointed out lo me by an ebliging chamberlain. Once the Hon of the Caucasus, he is now a feeble old man, with hollow cheeks and a mild expression on his regular but not very striking features. He was clad in a white tunic, covered with a wide caftan, and wore on his head a white turban, with a rim of black sheepskin just skirting his forehead. As he sat there among his followers—he alone of the whole assembly had been accorded a cliair—and listlessly passed the beads of Ids rosary through his fingers, liis person formed an ornament of the feast than which fen grander, one would think, can he imagined, even by a Czar of all the Kussias. On his left stood a gentleman iu Russian diplomatic uniform, whose face denoted hiui to be of Eastern extraction. He acted as his interpreter, and seemed to be on the most friendly footing with the aged chief. On the right, a sou of SchamyL one of the com panions of li s honourable captivity, leant on tbe chair of his father. He was in the well- known Circassian dress, with an immense kolpak—a sort of grenadier's cap, only that instead of bearskin it is of white lamb's wool—on his head. Very much like his fathei, he has one of those peculiar countenances which, at once languid and threaten ing, bear an uncannj resemblance to a slumbering volcano. But he wi'd hardly ever have an oppor tnnity (or the free display of his passions except fn a re'ti'ar battle-field and tinder the fiussian Imperial standard. The days are gone when he •ould have thought of roving about, trinjal in hand, at the head of his clan. Evidently, too, he is more civilized than he looks. On his moun taineer's blouse, right over the cartridge folds of his breast, danulcd a pair of elegant eyeglasses, which every now and theu he would haudle with the ea«y grace of an exquisite. His hands, which, had not his father been unfortunately vanquished, would now- be emplovcd in killing infidels, were •ncased in the lightest of Paris gloves; and when aa officer of the Guards accosted him in the lan guage of his country, he bowed, smiled, and replied in the most unexceptionable style of social courtesy. A little Circassian boy of eight or nine years, his head buried in a black kolpak, and some •tlier entirely Eiisskmized mountaineers in cliain anunur, completed the interesting group. Inclose proximity. General Urabbs. who has won liis mili tary renown in the Caucasus, and a beauriful voting i:t!y, whose husband fell iu the war against the mountaineers, formed a striking contrast to theiu." Presently the pleasaut notes of a polonaise were wafted from a distant hail, and preceded by marechaux and chamberlains, the Emperor leadiug the Empress by the hand, moved by the music—"The Czare vitch with liis bride, the Prince of \V3Ies, the Crow-/ Prince of Prussia, and the Crown Prince of Denmark, dancing with Princesses of the blood, fell'nved. Then came the other members of the Impi-mi family, aud a very few dignitaries with oris ocratic la-ties for their partners. Thus the staiek' ic- ocessioii walked four times through the lioiff s whoiff suite of rooms, being success'vely received by tbehiusic of different orchestras stationed in the various saloons. The ladies aud gentlemen forming the lane through which they passed howed low, the Emperor and Princes acknow ledging the salutations with friendly smiles, and a few wonl« addressed now and then to familiar ac quaintances. Schamyl had risen from his seat, and, beating his breast with his right hand in token of respectful reverence, inclined his head before (be Czar. Alexander kindly uttering a few sylla bles, which for a moment lightened up the old man's face with a smile of gratitude. Grand Duke Coustantine, a Prince whose counten.nce shows uncommon intellect and resolve, also spoke to him with the familiar manner of an old ac quaintance, and elicited a similar reply from the patriareh. It was evident the great chief had not only be. <1 caught, hut also tamed, aud perhaps converted tutu a well-wisher." You will see that Mexico is likely again to be des-tiruvu of a Government, and it is generally l>elicved that the Emperor has already left, not withstanding careful assertions in the Paris Press to tea eii'ect that he has resolved to stay. It is certain that be left the city, and 110 one at pre rent knows where he has gone. It is also pretty certain that <he l'rcnch Government has received exceed ingly bi- .grcc ile news on this subject, which it at pre: cat declines to publish. If the Emperor of Music-nas left, leaving the Trench troops behind, the mortification to Napoleon will be extreme. The Empress of Mexico is stated to be now entirely bereft of reason, and to be suffering from otlier diseases, as well as her husband—the only good man ever produced out of the Hapsburg dynasty—w ho will probably, when be arrives iu Europe, find that after iosiug iiis crown he has lost one of the must d-;voted wives ever given to a man. There has been a good deal of suffering—I mean suffering sympathy—caused here by a hu>r'catieiu tile iiahama 1. binds, which has destroyed (j 17 ho uses, 14 churches, injured 60M other houses, besides destroying shops and schoolhouses. More than a thousand persons have been made homeless by this hurricane. A fire in Quebec has also destroyed a great portion of that city. The houses destroyed aire nearly I!,000 in number, and nearly 20,000 per sons are rendered homeless, aud that at the beginning of wiuter. As soon as the news came to England meetings were called iu London, Man chester, aud Liverpool, and within a few hours the Atlantic cable bore messages to the authorises of Quebec hi draw for several thousands of pounds We have not yet lost all our best feelings you see, and God grant that it may be many generations lief ore we do. The American people—by which expression I off course mean t'le people of the United (Stales— seem to have settled their auarrcl with President Johnson in a very decisive manner. The elections have left hiui nowhere. North, East, and West the people have pronounced agaiust his policy in a manner which even he can scarcely fail to under stand. It was debated at the beginning of this month whether he would not appeal to arms, or take such a course as would compel the people to do tliis. The publication of a fictitious document, setting forth that the President had consulted the Alton:ey-i .enerai as to w hat he could do, in which the menace i.f physicil force was plainly hinted, produced an intense excitement. Sonn afterwards the elections took place, and there can be little doubt that this forgery was intended to serve election eering purposes. The Republicans have carried all: efure them, the Democrats being successful only in the once slave States of Maryland -nd Delaware. According to the Ac 10 York Tribune, it is now conceded that Mr. Johnson is utterly unable to prevent the people from enforcing through Con gress the terms they have offered to the "rebel States." His own late organ in the same city describes him as powerless during the residue of his tcim in the contested question of domestic politics. Tlie New York Times describes the Democratic party as being "utterly overwhelmed." The Herald calls attention to the majorities by •which "the people of the powerful North have endorsed constitutional amendment." These were as fobows:— Massachusetts... 52,003 d'.hio 420J "Vermont 22033 Missouri 25,Pi), Iowa 25,bUl Kansas J5.0UO New York 12,000 West Virginia... Nevada - 1.UC0 Illinois 45,000 Michigan 30,' 00 Maine 27,0>0 Pennsylvania ... 17,0 m Wisconsin ... 15.U0U Indiana 14,000 Minnesota ... lu.OOO New Jersey ... 2,u00 Grand aggregate majority 362000 Endeavours are now being made by moderate men to bring the President to his senses, and to effect a ] ■compromise between him and the Congress. But it is now quite certain that the N orth will not con sent to lose one of the advantages which it gained , by the war; aud that if the South is to come into ] the new constitution it must adopt it, and give fall rights, with securities, to the negroes. The President has just one chance left. He naay initial e a popular foreign policy. He j bas already sent Sherman to Mexico to «jp-opcrate with Juarez, and it is understood unit the United States will support the Go vernment of Juarez on condition of the cession to it of three of the Mexican provinces. The , TTesideut may also take high stand on the Alabama claims; hut he will now scarcely gain anything by this, for public opinion in England lias quite come roun-.l to the feeling that these cpaims must he settled. The 'Tory Government, fit is said, have the most friendly intentions on Shis subject, and the Times is writing up the justice of the '■ tnericau claims. Think of this! Nor will we give the President any reason to ecbmplain concerning the Fenians. In response to has appeal, the Canadian Government have re spited the lives of the two men who were con djemned to death, and it is pretty well settled that 1 wfe will not quarrel with our big but high-tempered dtaughter. We shall not "eat the leek," but we ; small do her justice, and she has never, in her cool j unoments, asked for more. 