LITERATURE & ART. Fairy Tales and Fenians.* In the latter half of the nineteenth century, mod especially in such an ultra- proaaic and matter-of-fact country ae Australia, it may mean at first a little out of place and season to go back upon what many will think a parcel of old women's atone*. And perhaps if the stone* related to England it would be so. John Boll is a great deal too modi absorbed in the magic art of turning sixpence into a shilling to be likely practically to care about what was belieTed among his remote progenitors two hundred or two thousand years ago. Bat with the erersge Irishman it is very different. He lives Tery little in the present, and very modi in the past and the future. The state of things as they are suits him so little that he is perpetually look ing back with regret or wildly forward to the good times coming. When Thackeray, half in fun and half in earnest, laughs at our Celtic friends for being in such very large numbers descended from the ancient kings of Ireland, he is really indicating a feeling which tindgrjiM the whole substratum of the national character. The actual landed proprie tors of any real weight and influence are nine tenths of them either English, or very strongly imbued with English habits and tastes. But thi» Anglo-Saxon crust is only skin-deep. The hewers of wood and drawers of water have very little in common with their masters. At every turn their minds fondly mat to the rimes when their forefathers were utterly independent, doing what was right in their own eyee, when all wae good and nothing bad, and everyone, if not a king, felt himself as free as one. Add to this the ultra-imaginative character of the nation, one which, beyond most others, believes much and reasons little. Deprived till recently of die benefit of education as regards book lore, it was quite in the nature of things that such a race should be thrown back upon tradition. So, if t&ere; were enough praties in the cabin to keep away the sting of .actual hanger, end enough turf to make a cheerful blaze, one of Paddy's chiefest delights has been from tone immemorial to tell stories through the even ing. A couple of hundred years ago this story-telling was a national institution. It occupied a peculiar set of men. Wherever they went they were welcome, and were com monly first-rate bands in their business. If the bard or story-teller bad lately invented nothing new, he rattled on with a siege, a burning, a battle, an adventure in a cavern, a search over land and sea for some priceless commodity, a lovechase, or a war. Sometimes it wae a coward-hero, who endured troubles and tenors for a whole night in a strange castle, and in the morning found himself un comfortably shivering in a ditch. Occasionally a wife was false, and the strife waged by the wronged husband against faithless spouse and lover famished a theme. If these foiled there wen plenty of foiriee, dwarfs, leprechauns, mermaids, banshees, ghosts, and wraiths to fill up the gap. These men have passed away, aid cheap books, railroads, trade, and above all emigration, an fart exterminating the national legends. It is of course, in the mair, a change for the better, but we are almost sorry for it. Independent of their characteris tic national value they are of great historical value, as throwing an unsuspected light on the primeval annals of the human race. Eveiy nation, more or less, that we know of has a number of stories which appear to be Identical one with the other. We are not dealing now with the outward fprm, though as to this the family resemblance of all the stories, from the steppes of Tartary to Iceland, is very remarkable. There are the same manifest indications of popular recital, the same dramatic form, the sudden transitions with scarcely any notice from one time and one place to another, the same rapid touches which imply rather than express much, the same fovS of startling contrasts, of extreme happi ness pasting into extreme misery, and misery hgain into happiness, in general the same Moreover, the same supersti Cjweur in all. g&ey; have almost all a kindred poetic machinery—elves and &iriea;> dwarfiaad water-nymphs, ghosts And spirits, J>eifljf*ofJiuinan passions hut supernatural' <PMt in their own realms,; oonltantiy mingling, either from ,in#&'affau» ; .'1' ppf JJie very • J Hgww, occurs ' gives usaa current p. who they would like to be married to. ' IU have the King of Ulster for a husband," mjj one; ' and I'll hare the King of Monster,' says another; (and,'aays die youngest, Til haTe no lmA*wH but the Brown Bear of Nor way.' For a none of bar's used to be telling ho* of an enShanted prince that, die called by that name, and she fell in love with bim, and his name was the first name on her lips, for the tctt night before she was dreaming of him. Well, one laughed, and another la ugbed, and they joked on the princess all the rest of the evening. Bat that very night die woke up out of her sleep in a great hall that was lighted np with a thousand lamps; the richest carpets were on the floor, and the walls were covered with doth of gold and silver, and the place was foil of grand company, and the very beautiful prince she saw in her dreams was there, and it wasn't a moment tHl he was ; on one knee before her, and telling her how much he Loved her, and asking her wouldn't j die be his queen. Weil, she hadn't the heart to refuse hum, and married they were the same evening. "'Now,my darling,' says he, when they were left by themselves,' you most know that I am under enchantment. A sorceress, that had a beautiful daughter, wished me for her I son-in-law; and because I didn't keep the j young girl at the distance I ought, the mother , got power over me, and when I refused to many her daughter, die made me take the | form of a bear by day, and I was to continue so till a lady would marry me of her own free will, and endure five yean of great trials after.' "Well, when the princess woke in the morning, she missed her has band from her side, and spent the day very sorrowful. But! as soon as the lamps were lighted in the! grand hall, where she was sitting on a sofa j covered with silk, the folding doors flew open, i and he was sitting by her side the next j minute. So they spent another evening so happy, and he took an opportunity of warning her that whenever she began to tire of him, or not to have any confidence in him, they would be parted for ever, and he'd be obliged to marry the witch's daughter. " So she got used to find him absent by day, and they spent a happy twelvemonth together, and at last a beautiful little boy was born; and as ha y as she was before, die was twice as happy now, for she had her child to keep her company in the day when she couldn't see her husband. " At last, one evening, when herself, and i himself and her child, were sitting with a window open because it was a sultry night, in flew an eagle, took the infant's sash in his bode, and up in the sir with him. She screamed, and was going to throw herself oat through the window after him, but the prince caught her, and looked at her very seriously. She bethought of what be s&id; soon after their marriage, and she stopped the cries and complaints that were on her lips. She spent her days very lonely for another twelvemonth, when a beautiful little girl was sent to her. Then she thought to herself she'd have a sharp eye about her this time; so "b" never - would allow a window to be more than a few inches open. "But all ber care was in vain. Another i evening, when they were all so happy, and the prince dandling the baby, a beautiful grey hound bitch stood before them, took the child oat of the father's hand, and wss out of the door before you could wink. This ijnf she shouted, and ran out of the room, but there were some of the servants in the next room, and all declared that neither child nor dog passed out. She felt, ehe could not tell how, to her husband, but still die kept command over herself and didn't once reproach him. "When the third child was born, she would hardly allow a window or a door to be left open for a moment; but she wasn't the nearer to keep the child to herself, They were sitting one evening by the fire, when a lady, appeared standing by them, fibs opened her eyes in a great fright, and stated at her, and while sbs was doing so, the appearance | wrapped 4shawl round the baby that was I sitting in its father's lap, and either sunk through the ground with it, or went up through the wide chimney. fhi« rjma the mother kept .her bed tor a month. "' My dear,' said she to her husband, when she was beginning to recover, * 1> think Td fed better if I was after seeing my father, and , mother, and sisters mice mom. If you give me leave to go home tor a few days, I'd be• glad.' ' Yeiy well,' mid he, T will do that; and whenever you feel inclined to return, only mention your wish when you lie down at night.' The next morning when she awoke, she found herself in her own -old chamber in her father's palace. She rang the . beO, and in a short time she had nm mother, and , father, and married sisters about her, and they ! laughed till they cried for joy at finding her sate back again. \- "So in time she told them all that, happened to her, and they didn't know what j to advise her to do. She was as tond of her < husband as ever, and said she was sure that i he couldn't help letting the children goj but still she was amid beyond the wprid to have another chUd to be torn from hek Well,the mother and sisters consulted a wise woman i that used to bring eggs to the castle, tor they had great confidence in her wisdom. Sae| said the only plan was tosecare the bear's skin that the priooe was obliged to. put on ,eyeiry roprt»ogl^4 j;et it bn^^ jnd theii he ponldn't lie^p betog a mam nigW and day, j abd thed the enohantmeiitwo "Sothey aU perroadedber to do sbe promisedshewbnld i ahdhftsri ahefelt aogteai atonging to aeefcer S '•*» IWw 1 « *-i-. ...... • howatei m*0s m" deep sound enough. She got tip after mid night, pawed through the panel, and fbond a beautiful brown bear's hide hanging in an alcove. She stole back, and went down to the parlour fire, and put the hide into the middle of it, and never took eyes off it till it waa all fine ashes. She then lay down by ha husband, gare him a kiss on the cheek, and fell asleep. " If the waa to lire a hundred years, she* d neTer forget how she wakened next morning, 1 found her h - ----- and found her hnsband looking down on her with misery and anger in his face. * Unhappy woman,' said he, 'yon hare separated us for ever! Why hadn't yon patience for fire yean ? I am now obliged, whether I like or no, to go a three days' journey to the witch's cestie, and lire with her daughter. The skin that was my guard yon hare burned it, and -wife that i the egg-wife that gare yon the counsel was the witch herself! I won't reproach you: your punishment will be serere enough with out it. Farewell for ever!' " He kissed her for the last time, and was off the next minute, walking as fast as he could. She shonted after him, and then seeing there wm no use, she dressed herself and pursued him. He nerer stopped, nor stayed, nor looked hack, and still she kept him in sight; and when he was on the hill she was in the hollow, and when he was in the hollow she was on the hill. Her life was almost leaving her, when just as the sun was setting, he turned up a bohgeea (lane), and went into a little house. She crawled up after lnm, and when die got inside there was a beautiful little boy on his knees, and he kissing and hogging him. 'Here,my poor darling,' says he, 'is your eldest child, and there,' says he, pointing to a nice middle-aged woman that was looking on with a smile on her face,' is the eagle that carried him away.' She forgot all her sorrows in a moment, hugging her child, and laughing and crying over him. .Next morning, just before sunrise, he was up, and prepared to be off. * Here,' said he to her,' is a thing which may be of use to you. It's a scissors, and whatever stuff yon cot with it will be turned into rich silk. The moment the sun rises, Til lose all memory of yourself and the children, but ITl get it at sunset again; farewell.' But be waort far gone till she was in sight of him ■gain, leaving her boy behind. It was the same to-day as yesterday: their shadows went before them in the morning, and followed them in the evening. He nerer stopped, and she nerer stopped, and as the sun was setting, he turned up another lace, and there they found their little daughter. It waa all joy and comfort again till morning, and then the third commenced. day's journey i " Bat before he started he gave her a comb, and told her that whenever she used it, pearls and diamonds would fall from her hair. Still he had his full memory from sunset to ennriae; bat from sunrise to sunset he travelled on under the charm, and nerer threw his eye behind. This night they came to where the youngest baby was, and the next morning, just before sunrise, the prince spoke to her for the last time. ' Here, my poor wife,' said he, *isa little hand-reel, with gold thread that has no end, mid the half of our marriage ring. If yon can ever get to my bed, and put your half ring to mine, I will recollect you. There is a wood yonder, and the moment I enter it, I will forget every thing that erer happened between ns, just as if 1 was bom yesterday. Farewell, dear wife and child, for ever.' Just then the eon rose, and away he walked towards the wood. She saw it open before him, and dose after him, and when she came up, aim oould no more get in than she could break through a stone walL She wrung her hands, and ebed tears, but then she recollected herself and cried out, 'Wood, I charge you by my three magic gifts—the scissors, the comb, and the reel—to let me through;' i and it opened, and she went along a walk till she came in eight of a palace, and a lawn, and a woodman's cottage in the edge of the wood where it came nearest the palace. " She went into this lodge, and asked the woodman and his wife to take her into their service. They were not willing at first; bat she told them she would ask no wages, mod would give them diamonds, and pearls, and silk stuffs, and gold thread whenever they wished for them. So they agreed to let her stay. " It wasn't long till she heard how a young prince, that was just arrived, was firing m the palace as the husband of the young mist Herself and her mother said that they 1 married fifteen yean before^ and that be charmed away from them ever since. Hie seldom stirred abroad, and every one that saw him remarked how silent and sorrowful he went about, like a person that was searching for some lost thing. "Well, fcome way or other, the prince strolled down that way. She had only the dress of a countrywoman on her as she sat sewing at th? window, but that- did; not hide her beauty, and he was greatly puzzled and disturbed, after he had a good look at her features, just as a body is perplexed to know; whether something happened to himwhen he ' was young, or if his only dreamed it. Well, the witchs daughter heard about it too, and she came to see the strange girii and what did she find her doing, but catting out the pstfern of a gown from brown paper ; and as she pdt away, the paper became the richest silk she over saw. The' lady looked on with very covetous eyes, and, says she, 4 What. would yon be satisfied to take*. for that j scissors?' ' I'll take nothing,' toys she, ' but 1 leave to stead one 'niAt ^m the prinw's 1 chamber, sod Kl siwesr ttS sv<fll bo as wuooent~efreay, prime next inoraing as are vrereih the evening/ lady and the sQk growing richer 'Wm '-kither eVeiy; inah. 8o she agreed, and madeher take n , great oath to keep her proujise.^' ' ;'" - ' .When t^bt came On she «waslet into her husband's(&amb;%Matl»door was lock Fob fhen shecaoie in ateejnbla, and,sat "-'"Tg#dtbae priori ;vST%au&*\ that all she 'did couldn't awake' rag hh'. jmd&wu;«Uihvefo;i-^.r -.w,, mssgSBBSB "86 there was no luck so forj but the day the prince passed by again, and looked at ( \- ■' her, and saluted her kindly, as a prince might a farmer's daughter, and passed on; and soon the witch's daughter came by, and found her combing her hair, and pearls and diamonds dropping from it " Well, another bargain was made, and the princess spent another night of sorrow, and she left the castle at daybreak. The third day the prince went by, and stopped to talk with the strange woman. He asked her could he do anything to serve her, and she said he might She asked him did he ever wake at night He said that he was rather wakeful than otherwise; but that during the last two j nights he was listening to a sweet song in his dreams and ooold not wake, and that the Toice was one that he must hare known and lored in some other world long ago. Says she, ' Did you drink any sleepy posset either of , these evenings before yon went to bed P' ■ I did,' said he. ' The two evenings my wife gave me something to drink, but I don't know whether it was a sleepy posset or not.' ' Well, prince,' B&id; she, 'as you say you would wish to oblige me, you can do it by not tasting any drink this afternoon.' ' I will not,' says he, and then be went on his walk. " Well, the great lady was soon after the prince, and found the stranger using her hand* reel and winding threads of gold off it, and the third bargain was made. " That evening the prince was lying on his bed at twilight, and his mindmnchdisturbed; and the door opened, and in his princess walked, and down she sat by his bed-side, and sung.— " 'Fourlong yeans I was married to thee; Three sweet babes I bore to thee; Brown Bear of Norway, won't you turn to me? * 'Brown Bear of Norway!' said he: 'I don't understand you.' ' Don't you remember, prince, that I was your wedded wife for four yean ?' ' I do not,' said he,4 but I'm sure I wish it was so.' ' Don't you remember our three babes, that are still alive P ' ' Show me them. My mind is ail a heap of confusion.* ' Look for the half of our marriage ring, that hongs at your neck, and fit it to this.' He did so, and the same moment the charm was broken. His full memory came back on him, and he flung his arms round his wife's neck, and both bunt into tears." j The fact is, the ancestors of both Celt and Teuton brought these simple narratives ftem the parent ancestral household in Central Aria, at the time when (he progenitors of the blue-eyed Knghshman and swarthy Hindoo were members of one family. Most of these legends are thousands of yean old, and it is so with the other beliefs in the fairies, mermaids and their mates. In one point of elvish mythology Teuton and Celt are agreed, viz., that whatever the supernatural beings of the old superstition be called, they all lived in frsr of utter condemnation at the Day of Judgment. Sometimes they experienoea alight hope that their place may not be with and his angels, and then they become urgent with holy and wise mortals to give judgment on their case. As, for instance, the etory of a benighted priest While he stood perplexed he heard the rustle of wings or bodies p*«"'ng swiftly through the air, and a musical voice waa heard, "Answer our question, and you shall be mi the road in a few minutes. We are the fairies. Say, oh! ay that the Saviour-died | for uaas wefl as for you." "I will give you j a favourable answer if you can make me a hope* [ fid one. Do you adore and love the Son of God?" He received no answer but weak and shrill qries and the rushing of wings. The Irish fairy, upon the whole, seems to be a much less amiable creature than the English one. It is BHoiriahably spiteful It not only off babies, but likewise young men and women. The mermaids, Mr. Kennedy tells us, make uncommonly good wives, but rather tni«<whtin ones. The wearing of a nice little magic cap is essential to their weft-being below the waves, and tire mortal husband must keep this cap well concealed from Ins sea wife, else she is obliged hrad, fly to the waves, and disappear. The jiuumgi are a much less attractiveclan, n>«ir boa and teeth are green, their noses invariably rad, and their eyes resemble those of a pig. [ Moreover, they have a penchant for brandy, j and keep a look-out for oases of that article that go astray in diipwreobs. The Lorikeen, j orlittfe&iiy; cobbler, needs no notice, as ore* nons writers have given us a surfeit of the deceitful old rogue. [ The moat curious and originalpartof the fograds C«® those - which -relate to o-w and the Fenians (Raima) .; With the name and opinions of modern'Fenians everyone's cars hare been dinned. But the singular body of troops foom whom the namh is derived actually existed Tn historic times, ft 'was a < grading army; consisting cff mW iMf eood hitth and knightly rank. for ad* tail fiom a diitanoe the ilhhe' fli^liig ju&'' MiMSiilPw! it Mi to dnfe ®»tOssian really existed therecm' bis poems bsTe survived, though they« tainly not to be found in the edebrated: by M'PheYson, of which Napoleon fond. His end, at Any rate, was that of aL and the reader of Tennyion will at once J minded of the " Morte d* Arthur," whenL hero was borne off by the fairy queen, oalyl the case of Ossian, unluckily for him, h0I. turned to earth. Here is what Mr. Ketuwd? says of " THE OU> AOS OF OIBnr, " Alter the fatal battle of Qam the oalT ft surviving warrior, Oisin, eon of Fion, borne away on the Atlantic waves by theladt Niav of resplendent beauty, and for a lmwfaj and fifty yean be enjoyed her sweet society in the Land of youth below the waters. Getting at last tired of this monotony of happiness, he expressed a wish to revisit fin land where his youth end manhood had been spent, and the loving Niar was obliged to consent. She wept bitterly on seeing him mount the white steed, and warned h<m that if his feet touched earth, he would nerersee her nor Tir-na-n-Oge again, and that his strength would be no more than that of a newly-born child. " Alas! Fion and his heroes were scarcely remembered on the plains and by the str«m» of Frinn. The fortress of Almoin was t mound and moat overgrown with docks aid thistles, and moss had covered the hugs cast, ing-stones of the Fianna. "Where strong mounds and ditches .once secured armef warriors from their foes, he found nnrfnwtyj entrance, and prayers and hymns noted and sung in stone buildings surmounted by crow and spire. He saw fewer spears and many more sidles than in the days of Fion, and near the Pass of Wattles (Dublin) he found Patrick the missionary raising a lowly boose of worship. As he sorrowfully rode up the Glen of Thrushes (Glann-a-SmoU), a crowd of men striving to raise a huge stone on a lor waggon craved bis aid. Stooping, he heaved the «"«— on to the car, but in doing so foe girth snapped, the saddle turned round, away flew the white steed, and the last of foe heroes lay on the bill-side, a griuly.haimd, feeble man." 