TRAGEDY AT BURRUMBEET. A coroner's inquest was held, on 10th inst., on the body of the unfortunate James Morton, who had shot off his own head the previous day. The following evidence was elicited:- John Mitchell deposed that he lived at Bur- rumbeet, parish of Hadden, and was a farmer. The deceased was witness's nephew and re- sideqiinft hut a quarter of a mile off. He was a laborer till he took up about forty acres of land. Witness thought him about forty years of age. He was a native of Ballymoney, Comity An trim, North of Ireland. He had a wife and three children living, two dead. He had been about eight years in the colony. Wit- ness never saw him since he came back till Monday morning, when he was running from the police. The deceased's wife had requested witness on Sunday, to give information to the police, as the deceased had threatened her life. Witness came up to the camp and reported the matter. Constable Menagh came out on the following morning and went direct to Morton's house. They were all anxious to see Morton taken away, every one being afraid of him because he had firearms, and threatened to shoot, his wife and a person in the house a lodger named W. Ferguson. This was about midday, and a great many were standing at a distance, watch- ing to see the constable take him away, when they heard two shots fired inside the house. That instant Mrs Morton rushed out of the door with a cry, and Morton after her, and then, constable Menagh. As the constable came out he fired at Morton with a revolver discharging four shots, Morton to all appear- ance not being hit, at least severely, as he ran on strong till he got to the back of the tree near the house, where he commenced to load one of his pistols. The constable had passed Morton's, wife on the road, and witness went up to her, and seeing her wounded, wished to cheer her up and said she was not seriously wounded. Witness had since ascertained that her wound was not serious. Witness next fol- lowed the constable and saw that he was wounded on the left cheek. Witness asked him if he thought he was mortally wounded and he said he thought he was. Witness then took him into his (witness's) own son's house. The bystanders then told witness to fly as Morton had said, "Now for the old man" meaning that he would shoot witness next.Witness went home and loaded his gun, and then came out to a fence along with Mr Ferguson and some others, to watch him. While there, Morton, who had a double-barrelled gun, fired two gun-shots in the direction of witness. Mrs Rees, who resided near where witness was standing, asked him to have a cup of tea ; he went, leaving his gun at the fence. Whilst in her house witness heard the report of another shot, and the children came running to the door and said Morton had shot himself. A score of persons who were about the place ran to the spot, and the deceased was lying on his back, with his skull blown off and brains and all scattered to a considerable distance from the body. Mr Joseph Stoney, Constable Croasdale and Mr Ogle, who had arrived before witness, got for- ward, picked up the scattered skull and brains of the deceased and put them into a handker chief. The police had the gun now, produced, which belonged to the deceased ; the string now, fastened to the trigger was on it then, as if the deceased had let off the gun with his foot. Witness had not heard anyone say that the deceased was seen, pulling the trigger ; but it was supposed by these present that he had done so. Witness then got his cart and sent his son to convey the remains as might be re- quired, the police being in charge of the body. Witness was afraid and all the neighbors thought likewise, that the deceased was insane for years past. He had been away for eight months from home, and had just returned on Saturday evening. He had previously threatened the life of his wife, and had been very talkative and talked nonsense. He never showed himself vicious towards any one but his wife. Witness had counselled him to quit his evil ways, and to quit cursing and breaking the Sabbath ; and he had taken a dislike to wit- ness on that account, and wouldn't, work with him. To a Juror: We thought him both evil disposed and insane. Mary Morton deposed that she lived at Bur- rumbeet, and; that the deceased James Morton was her husband. The land, they lived on was taken up under the 42nd section of the Amend- ing- Land Act. In the month of November last the deceased began to say that she was giving him poison, and that other persons were getting the poison for her. He blamed his uncle, Mr Mitchell, for getting it. Witness had not heard him blame any other person. At that time he refused to take any food that witness would cook ; he was then in the habit of going away and getting his food elsewhere, and coming back suddenly. He would also sometimes say that she was going to cut up his head with an axe ; and he was in the habit also of taking his razors, and the smoothing irons, and other things, and putting them under the bed. When witness got alarmed at that, he would say that he was putting them there to keep them out of her way for fear she would get them and injure him. Witness told the Rev. David Renton, her, clergyman, of the matter, and he wished to have him taken up. Mr Renton spoke to him oh the subject. The deceased then said he would leave the country, as he wouldn't stay to be taken to. any court. He went away then in January, and returned on last Satur- day night, coming into the house about nine o'clock, but he had been in one of the out- houses for some time. On coming in, Mr Fer- guson, a lodger, who was stopping with witness till he got his house built, and who was sitting inside at the time, spoke to him, and asked him if he was come back. The deceased did not re- ply at first, but eventually said, "I suppose this woman bus been a ___ to you." Mr Ferguson said, "Oh ! shame, Mr Morton, for you to say the like of that." The deceased then commenced to talk of a horse in the bush. He was very angry. Witness wished to send for Mr Mitchell. The deceased dared them to send for Mr Mitchell. The deceased then gripped her and kicked her, and dragged her to the back door, and presented a pistol within three inches of her face. Mr Ferguson came to her rescue, but did not get into any scuffle with the deceased, who dragged her into the house again. The deceased then tried to close the door, and have only wit ness and himself in the room, but she stood with her back against the door till Mr and Mrs Mitchell came. He then denied, that he had a pistol. He talked very curiously, sometimes saying that he bad been in Scotland, and other times he said he had been in NewZealand ; and then, he would say that nobody knew where he had been. He also said his ghost would haunt those who had done him this harm. He then sat down by the fire, and witness saw the pistol he had concealed. He then rose and paced through the house with his hand on the pistol, and said nobody would ever have to stand against him in a court, and that some- body would fall before he would fall. Witness then requested Mr Mitchell to send word to the police. On Sunday, the deceased kept rambling in his talk, and on Monday morning about eleven o'clock, Constable Menagh came. Witness told him.it was dangerous to go in, as Morton had a pistol, concealed, and also had powder. The constable said , "no danger." The constable and witness then went in toge- ther, and the constable told Morton that wit- ness had given him in charge for threatening language, and or presenting a pistol at her. Morton held up his knife, and said that was all he had and that the constable might grope his pockets. The constable did so, and found no pistols, and then told, Morton that he would have to go with him. Morton said he would like to have his dinner first, and to have a horse to ride, and he sent his boy to bring in the horse. The boy was long of coming with the horse, and the constable was beginning to get tired of waiting. Morton got ready to go. He then went into the bedroom and returned, and asked witness if she would put the saddle on a horse that witness had got the loan of from Mr Rees. The constable told him that he could put it on himself. Witness then noticed the pistol in the deceased's hand, and heard him say he was sorry to have it to do, but the constable was a dead man, and with that the deceased presented the pistol at him and fired. The deceased was leaning against a partition in the same apartment. On being-struck with the shot the constable fell in the fire. Witness had not had time to give the alarm to the constable. The deceased then turned round and fired a pistol at witness as she made towards the door, the ball striking her on the back of the head and rebounding off the bone. The wound was not dangerous. Witness, then ran to Mr, Mitchell's place, and she heard the constable firing four shots as she thought, at Morton, but she was stupified, and couldn't see or hear very well. The con- stable then came to Mitchell's and told them all to fly, as he was not able to fire again. Wit- ness then fled to Mr Rees' place, and shortly after- wards heard that the deceased had shot himself. Witness had seen him return to the house, but had not seen him bring out the gun. John Mitchell, jun., deposed that he resided close by the place referred to as Burrumbeet, and was a farmer. He had seen deceased, who was his cousin. Witness here described the attempted arrest, and it was simply a corro- boration of the evidence already given on that point. Witness eventually saw the de- ceased go into his house, and he subsequently came out with the gun in his hand and a child in his arms, and he walked like a sentry in front of his house for a time, and went in and out. He then waved his hand round his head and said something, but witness, was eleven or twelve chains away, and couldn't hear what it was. Witness then saw, as it were, the muzzle of the gun up and the stock down and heard the gun go off, and then the deceased fell. Witness supposed he had pulled the trigger with his foot by means of the string on the gun now produced. [Sergeant Lynas here explained to the jury that only one of the barrels of the gun had been discharged; the other was not loaded.] Witness proceeded to say, that when he went forward to the place the body of the deceased was lying, on the ground, the head having been blown away. The police, who had come forward, had the gun, and they gathered up the scattered remains of the deceased's head, and put them into a handkerchief. The body was then put into a dray, and brought to Carngham. To a juror :I saw the child after wards, quite safe. -I suppose, he had laid it down,. though I didn't notice him. The jury returned a verdict as follows :- "We find that the deceased. James Morton did, on the 9th day of September, 1867, at Burrumbeet, feloniously, wilfully, and of malice aforethought, blow his head off, by dis- charging a loaded gun at his head, and of which mortal wound he then and there died. A PLAN FOR FORMING A HARBOR OF REFUGE at Portland, as proposed by the Government, the work to be executed by prison labor, has been published by Mr John Barrow C.E., in a local journal. His plan is to adopt twenty four feet depth, of water as a basis, which would give an area of, fifty-eight acres, capable of holding fifty ships, with from six to twenty feet draught of water. This would be pro tected by a breakwater 2180 feet in length, in four fathom water, the top to be 4 feet above high water. The breakwater would contain 192,700, tons of stonework, the stone sug- gested for the purpose being a kind of lava found on Darlot Creek. The stone required could, he estimates, be supplied on the site of the breakwater for the sum of £40,000. It could be conveyed by the proposed tramway and jetty, the cost of which, with the rolling stock and machinery, he supposes to be £6500. Mr Barrow comments upon the advantage that would accrue to the district of country traversed by the Fitzroy River and Darlot Creek, by being opened up by the tramway proposed. 