TO CORRESPONDENTS. W. V. ~S. — He scores one for the go. F. M. W. — Lancashire Witch never ran ia a two miles race. Angler. — £400 invested at 10 per cent, would realibe £40 per annrnn ; therefore the pre sent value of £40 per annum is £400, reckoning interest at that percentage. The yjresenc vame oi a certain sum ui muuey for ever must depend upon the rate of inte rest, which varies in various parts of the world and at various periods. Loo.— Having won the first trick with a diamond, and having two trumps in your hand, you are bound to play the higher. W. B., Avoca. —You can obtain Sell Life in Xonrfontbrough Messrs. Charlwood, Bourke street, or any Melbourne bookseller. _ Nemo.— The dealer scores four ; hut his op ponent was foolish in declaring to go alone as he could have scored four, making three tricks, and could only lose one by stopping one trick. Keefs, Pleasant Creek.— There are no : au thentic statistics of the number of sheep in England. They are roughly estimated at 25,000,000. Lancefield. — Wo cannot tell you the pedi gree and performances of the Tasmanian Bay Sliddleton. . ' S. 'D. and Williamstown. — Tho disqualifica tion of the jockey Davis by the V.R.C. has been removed. Frolic — Your communication reached us too lato for insertion last week. ? ? Well Shot. — It scoVes a dead bird; how could there be ,in umpire improperly elected? G. B.— Fishhook's weight for age in the Syd ney Cup would have been 7st 121b. Secretary of the Carlton Cricket Club.— The report of your annual meeting appeared, in lidVs Lije of the 21st nltl ? Pigeon, Ferret, etc., Sandhurst — We have taken the opinion of several of the leading pigeon- shooters of Melbourne, and tho balance of opinion is in favour of a shooter in a pigeou match being compelled to shoot from west to east, some arguing, that the two parties to the match should toss for it, others that the shooter may shoot in any direction ho chooses. As to trapping there can ho no doubt, wo think, that the trapper should be tossed for, and also tho man or boy who pulls the string. The match not being shot, tho beta are off. These questions ariso out of a match in which u man was backed to kill 21 pigeous out of 25, at Sandhurst S. W. P.— Three liltceus in three fours and a seven. Great and Small. — Double the number of ships enter London as enter Liverpool. ? Malmsbury. — We believe that moro foreign coins are exchanged at Liverpool than New York. J. It — Glenyuillo (now Privateer) beat Smuggler tho same day that Smuggler beat Volunteer. J. It — The fastest Champion Kacc in the colonies was by The Barb, in 5 tniu. 38 sec; Fishhook next, 5 min. 45 sec. Pills. —In 1821, Mr. Mytton's horse, Hero, cleared timber 7 ft. in height, with a very short run to it, in Mr. Jullico's grounds, in Shropshire, with Mr. Mytton on his hack. This feat is recorded iu ' Nimrod's Condition of Hunters.' Brnm.— Jem Mace beat the Staloybridijo Infant, 13th June, 1801, after eight rounds, in 40 min. Tho Infant was fearfully punished, while Mace was altogether un scathed. FulstafT.— Shokspcra was S3 years old wheu he died. London. — Ten thousand pounds to a suit of clothes were betted against Black Tommy for tho Durby, in which ho was beaten by a head by Blink Bonny. Mr. Drinkeld, the owner of tho horse, was the taker of tho bet. A. K— Blair Athol won tho Derby in 2 min. 43 sec, Gladiateur in 2 min 40 sec. Maldon. — l'urliaps the best performance at pigeon-shooting was tho winning of tho tied Houso Club Cup, by Colonel Itoss, in 1828\. In 80 shots, 30 yards rise, live traps, uso of both barrels, he killed 70 birds. Cue. — Tho red ball must bo placed at the other end of tho table. Ho must wait his ? turn to play again. Prahran. — King of Bavaria. T. B. F.— A catch. : J. C. S. H. and Potboy. — At cribbnge, if you peg moro points than you are entitled ? to, you may bo put back as many points as you have over-scored, and your adversary may add tho same amount to his own ac count. Albion Hotel, Majorca.— Ho wins. . IgnoramuB. — La Toucques won tho Fronoh Derby in 1803 ; the word perhaps should bo La Tocque, tho cranky ono. ' ; Subscriber. — Toryboy passed Panic on tho outside, and then took tho inside running. John Smith. — Wo cannot tell you whether tho horse that canters or tho horso that trots, all other conditions boing tUo same,' will last tho longer. Doubtful.— Queeu Victoria has novor created a peer for tho purpose of gaining a majority in tho Houso of Lards. N. T. B. — Fishhook won tho raco in which ho first met The Barb. ? j Newcastle. — llichard Green did not row for the Champion Cup. at Newcastlo-on-Tyno. Head.— Mr. J. G, Harris's best performance for tho Challenge Cup wera whou ho wop the threo events last April ; he has run 100 yds in 10 sec, and 440 yds in Hi seo. '— the balf-milo raco was not timed. ' -.. ? ? ?Breeder and The .Ghost, — T«o late for inser tion this week,-' '? ? ...-.??? ? 