SKETCH PUOM. 14EAL LIFE. .TOM, BBISA ME MY WABDY." Great blusterers are giv.at cowards; that's 116 8ummnry of mv experience of such sjcial nuisances. Like h posse of mongrel c lrs, which everybody has occasionally ' B3?n pursuing a sensible, well-bred dog ?who is quietly following his waster's carriage, they keep up a constant yelping, a .id snapping, and showing of teeth, formidable to look at, though seldom used for anything but snarling, or devouring carrion. The well-bred dog, apparently heedless of anything but hia duty, pursues his way, looking straight before him, until, perhaps, becoming exasperated lit the continued noise of his tormentors, whose numbers increase as he goes, be suddenly turns round, and knocks down one mangy mongrel, and makes him howl " pen and ink," >i8 he rolls in the mud, when bis disu al cries alarm the whole pack, they immediately tuck in their tails, and run away as fast as if they had the contents of a tinker's cart appended to them. Ilnppy would it be for society if such snarling cowardice were confined to the canine species; but, nlaa ! it is otherwise. There are too many bipeds of the " genus homo" to* \vorry us in our cvery-day walks; many of whom it has been my lot to observe, and not unfrequently my extreme satisfaction to see deservedly castigated. I have often heard them howl "pen and ink" most unmusically, and I have chuckled the while, like a schoolboy seeing Punch and Judy knock dowu the devil. A striking illustration of the pusillan imity of great hectoring boobies is now vividly before my fancy, and as it may convey a useful lesson, I will narrate it. Nearly a quarter of a century ago, I resided iri the quiet little village of Phoganmist, in the interior of this colony, and was engaged in mercantile pursuits. I had in my employ a trustworthy, " canny Scotchman," named Sandy M'Phun, a " character." He was tolerably well ed ucated-as most Scotchmen are- and was endowed with more than an average phare of his national shrewdness and ingenuity; these, united to a cheerful temper aud a rich veiu of humour, made him a general favourite. " I was a bachelor in those days, aud Sandy's "unco careful" wife kept my house, while be acted as ray factotum: Pew factotums ever filled their posts with mere eclat tbau Sandy filled his. He was my clerk, amanuensis, warehause siaan, wharfinger, " valet de sham," and confidential adviser. He w.ould groom my horse, rig or paint my boat, prepare the supper table for an occasionally select party ot bachelor friends, then take off hia butler's apron, and sit down among my guesta with as much sang froid as a rich squatter. Few persons could tell a witty "'crack," or sing '^Eobie Burns' " songs. With better effect than Sandy could: and few men were better judges of the real " Highland whisky." Alas, poor Sandy! Btrotig whisky was your greatest "weak ness " Only for thot, mon, ye micht ha ^ "been prime minister the day; an yet ye didna get ;fu very oft, but "just a wee drap in yer ee" an then, when ye quaffed an extra " cup p' kindness" for" auld lang syne," But, as " the continual dropping of water weareth away the stone," so continual drops of whisky weareth away the contents of the purse as well as the constitution, and very frequently the character too. I believe Sandy M'Phun still lives somewhere in the world; and, though I dare say the snows of life's winter now besprinkle his once " bonnie curly locks," to warn him that he is " fast gaen hatne," still bis reputation, as an honest and industrious man, ia as untar nished as ever it was. But, comforting as that reflection must be to him in his -declining years, I feel gratefully assured that my faithful "auld friend" has been too well taught in the Sacred Scriptures, not to know that more than an honest reputation is necessary to insure him an Entrance into " life-beyond life," to those glad realms where tottering old age and winters are uuknown, and where I hope anon to meet him, robed with immor tality. ; There were many little villages, or bam lets, in the interior of the colony, iihofie days, which contained at least one important upraised plebeian, who, vested with a little brief authority, mercilessly exercised it over his poor neighbours; while to. his aristocratic neighbours, who tolerated him only, he was obsequious as a flunkey. In general, his purse was Heavy, and in that bis great strength lay; while his head very often had nothing in it but pride, and his heqrt was dry and tough as an old cocoanut. The poor old Women bobbed to him as he rode up the village to the-Bench. The constables all looking ns sharp as new hatchets stood- in a row by the court-house door, and saluted him as he entered ; while tho public {logger, with the handle of his cat-o -nine-tails protruding from his coat pocket, followed him into court, and stood by, in readiness to do his worship's bidding with skill and alacrity. The poor " Government men," who could not manage to slink out of his worship's sight as be rode into the village, used to look" as frightened of him as if they verily believed he had the magisterial power to skin them alive, and then tatoo tfcem all over with cayenne pepper 5 and the^ lit-tl* boys and girls were as seared at his ap proach as if old bogy were coming riding on a wolf. Such a mau-*xn some respects-was Goliah Gruff, of Grindstone Hall, near Phoganmist. He was a burly, big-headed man, and had a voice like a trombone with a crack in it. He owned half the village, .with its clusters of dingy- looking slab tenements, roughly erected by poor persons, on building leases, and pur posely meant to last no longer than their short'terms. Everybody shivered as if it were snow ing, when they saw Goliah vide into the village; even the old cows, which before, were quietly grazing in the granny streets would "point their tails to the moon and run like racers, when they hoard tfie click of bis horse's hoof's as though they wope aware they bad been nibbling hi* feed without license. Any persou who had got pioney to pay to Goliah Gruff, might have seen him with Bhfety at any time, for, hejiiked money; but, .if. anypoor-- wight [were goiug -to1 him with excuses," instead ' of overdue rent, he might expefet to? have his brains nearly blown out by Goliah's trombone voice. He would commence in a comparatively soft tone, but gradually grow worse, until he blew a perfect tornado, pouring out abusive epithets with most surprising volubility, till his eyes bulged out of his head, like ripe gooseberries and his face got as red as a soldier's jacket. Yery rarely would the unfortunate persons assailed venture to utter a word in reply, during the height of his paroxysms, for they generally knew, from experience, that an attempt to reach his reason would" be as fruitless as trying to catch a ghost; and their greatest caro was to keep beyond the reach of his formidable whip, which, however, I never knew him to use, except to beat his horse. Like all men of his character, he was a subject for ridicule, when out of sight; and many apparently accidental circumstances, which occurred to cause him annoyance, were the result of the premeditated plans of some of his waggish tenantry, or his servants, who would take a mischievous delight in see ing him furious, so long as his wrath was not directly poured upon themselves. One day Goliah rode up to my place nf business, hooked his horse to the door post, then walked inside, in his usual pompons style, and abruptly addressed Sandy M'Phun, who was busy at his desk behind the counter. "Eh, M'Phun, ye sent me a box o' glass the ither day, an wha the deil tell't ye 'twas crown glass P" "I didna ask the deil anything aboot it, Sir," replied Sandy, dryly. " I looked at the end o'the box, an it was market there plainly enow crown glass. " Curse the mark on the end o' the box," exclaimed Goliah, as he prepated his~ bellows for a terrible blast. " An suppose it had been full o' toilet affairs, was ye ha sent it til me because it was market ' crown glass ?' yet great thick headed gowk ye; wad yo ha done that ?" "Na, na, Sir," replied Sandy, civilly; " I Bhould ha thocht ye wadna want a box full o' sick like things. But if it's na crown glass, it's a mistake of our mar chant's, for I never opened the box. I'll change it for ye, Sir, with pleasure, an I'm very sorry " " Haud yer jabbering, ye blockhead," shouted Goikth. *' W here's your maister? I'll see why he keeps sic a blundering idiot in his store. 1 wadna give a ration o' horse-beans for a' yer services, I'h tell yer maister-I'll " "Eh, Sir! coshna bless me!" cried Sandy, imploringlythink o' me puir wife au bairns*. I thocht it was crown glass, and " "Yerea saucy blaggard," said Goliah, and by degress elevatiug his voice as usual, he raged and roared a perfect hurricane, while Sandy hung down his h-.tui. apparently in terror, but. in reality he was telegraphing to the hoy Tom, who was concealed behind a pile of goods, and was enjoying the scene amazingly. "I'm very sorry, Sir," bngun Sandy again. "Haud yer tongue," thundered Goluih, while he actually foamed at the mouth, and raised the hammer end of his whip most threateningly; "you're a cheat sco u n d rel-t h i e f-h 1 '1 "A what?" vociferated Sandy, in a voice which made Goliah start as if lie had just troddeu on a nail, as he suddenly dashed his hat m the' fh»or in n well feigned fit of violent rage, and prepared to spring over the counter. "What? a thief? bones and bludgeons! Tom. bring me my waddy! Egad! let me catch him, hoogh !" Eut Goliah did not stop fur Sandy to catch him ; he rushed out of the store, leaving his hat and spectacles on the counter ; jumped on his horse, and rode away faster than if he were going for a fire-engine, shouting murder as he went and declaring that a muckle mad canui bal was going to brain him with a black fellow's waddy. I overheard the latter part of the affray from an adjoining building, and hastened to the spot in time to see Goliah Gruff riding, like Johnny Gilpin, with his bald head shining like a bladder of lard ; while Sandy and the boy Tom were in con vulsions of laughter at the terrible fright end electrical flight, of the blustering laird of Grindstone Hall. . It was a long time before Goliah ven tured into the store after that occur rence ; he, however, gradually gained courage, but was always particularly civil to Sandy afterwards; indeed, almost polite, if that were possible, though he was reported to have said, that Sandy was "an unco savnge fellow, and hud frightened him out of a stone weight of fat." I believe he always felt himself indebted to'his horse's speed for his un cracked skull. # * i« # | I have seen many Goliah Gruffs since that period, but it would lengthen*wy present sketch too much to note them. Now, whenever I see a blustering, purse-proud plebeian insultingly domi neering over his poor neighbours, his ser vants, or other persons dependant, upim him, and who have per- tips ton much self-respect to reply to him in his own vernacular,' and too much discernment not to know that he would not appreciate any other style of address: t-hat battling with him, with rational arguments, would be as useless as trying to pelt a bear to death with snowballs i or. whenever 1 hear a clacking ignoramus, who by chance or mistake has g«t into » lofty position, and ia merely kept fr.r.: toppling over by the ballast of'his purse, who has not common sen's? enouuh to keep hiatongue quiet, and thus to some extent, hide his ignorance and positive stupidity ; whenever I hear such a man, in coars;;, dictatorial language, lording it over men of education and refinement, who are. fr.-UYi various caut.es, cotvipeilod to remain passive under his vulgar treatment, and perhaps to tolerate hia occasional violence of temper; at such times, I heartily X'ish for my.old friend Bandy M'Phun to appear suddenly, to dash hia hat to the floor, and screech out hoogh 1 " Tom hri: .; me m\ waddyfor I should Uu-n enj-.-y the fun j of seeing the Wmst'-rer run away like o ' Bealdcil r;it. V-cviU^e I set it down as an esfcah'lishod axiom, that nil great ouiiies ;>n\ &rr;:vt- ('.mvii-nlfl . ('oN^iu-ATinK---VVlit'ii Lord Cook hum was nc ijic bur once der'ciide.!^ a prisoner who in spite of his cxertionrs was sentenced to lie ljiihj'oJ ou' the . i7th ot the month. After tin; sent-e»ct', ihe udnrieinmed man complained to his cnmi«crl th:U. Jvj hid not had justice. "Neve:- miad," sa\;i Oocklmrn, " you'll have" ft oi» the 17th," 