S&alfjs; ami Jfeetfttas. "FISH FOR THE HALL.' f From Once a Week.] .Now, then, which of you is going to get me a big fish? Don't all speak at once, j Come, one of you must. Which is it to be? | Joe'll go, I know; won't you Joe? I must ; haveonebefore to-morrow nightfortheSquire. ! You needn't look so black, all of you." Jenny Cooper, the speaker, wastheprettiest girl in Shippon, and certainly she looked un commonly pretty now, as she stood with her face flushed and her bright hair ruffling in the breeze in the middle of aknot of admirers j at the gangway which ended the principal street of the village. It was a slack time in Shippon. The herring- fishing was just over —such a fishing as there had not been for J years. The fishermen spoke of one shoal of herrings twenty miles long and ten broad, and so thick that their nets were torn with the weight of fish. Many of the boats had had to run into Harmoutli deep loaded after j a single haul. The only boat which had not done well was one belonging to old Tim West, Jenny's grandfather, and the Squire, which had been : pat in charge of young Joe Crask. She had . run aground the night before the great haul, I and had had to put in for repairs, which cost ! a good deal of money. The consequence was I that poor Joe, instead of having to receive a I hundred poimds or so for his share of the fish i big, found himself actually out of pocket, j and worse off than all his neighbours and | rivals. His old mother had not a hundred of coal to begin the winter with, and his j own chances of Jenny, which had looked so i bright as he started, seemed more distant j ' than ever. It was "aggrewaiting," as he said, poor fellow, and it was not unnatural that he should have listened to the two pairs of banns which had been put up in church for the first time last Sunday very much as if they had been intended for personal insults to himself. The big boats had come in to land their tackle a week ago, and then, what with noisy fish-sales on the beach and shouting men and women hauling in the lines and heavy ropes, and crali-boats pulling backwards and for wards through the breakers, Shippon for a time had been all excitement and life. Now the bustle was all over. Only a few of the crews were back from Harmouth, and the weather had been so un settled that none of the small boats had ventured out, and the beach was almost de serted. It happened that when Jenny broke into the group on the cliff they had just been discussing the horizon, and had come to the conclusion that it was going to he an uucom manly ugly night, and the consequence was j that there was by no means the eager compe j tition she considered there ought to have been !' for the honour of going to sea to catch her a fish. "Now, come, one of you must go. Come, , Joe, you will, won't you, that's a dear? I | don't know liow many people there ain't ; a-coming to the Hall. There was the Squire ' hisself come down this morning, and says 'Jenny,' says he, ' if yon don't get me a fish, I don't know what I won't do to you. I doubt I'll have to have you cooked your self.' You wouldn't like that now, Joe, would you?" But for once blandishment and satire (and Jenny was a good hand at both) were thrown away, and not even the last terrible sugges tion of the Squire's turhot-kettle could win her point, so the pretty girl tossed her head and said, inhermost conteinptuoustone, "You ain't none on you fit to catch a dog-fish. I won't have nothin' more to say to you," and went off in a huff. Joe Crask had been standing with the others, bat except to answer Jeany when she ; appealed directly to him, he had taken no part in the conversation. He watched her light figure tripping up the street till she turned a corner out of sight; and then, with his hands in his pockets, he sauntered down the gangway and over the breakwater, till he came to a gap in the cliff j where a little stream of fresh water runs I down a hollow and loses itself among the ! loose shingle on the beach. A narrow plank | bridge crosses it about a hundred yards or so ! from the shore, and there Joe stopped in the j hopes of meeting Jenny, who lived with an i old grandfather in a cottage on the opposite ! cliff. It was beginning to get dusk already? i and he had not waited many minutes before j lie caught a glimpse of a print dress fluttering I down the winding path, and she was beside ; him j "Stop a minute; Jenny dear," he said. iTbe plank was only broad enough for one, ! and he stood on it) "" Wait a minute, Jenny. I 1 brought this for you from Harmoufaa. : You'll have it, won't you?" It was a few i yards of blue ribbt®. " I would ha' brought i something better, Jenny, only yon know I : wasn't lucky." i Now Jenny, like most pretty girls, was a ! bit of a tyrant; and like all tyrants, was not | fond of 1>eing thwarted. She had set her ; heart on getting a fish for the Hall, and it ; was not to lie had, she felt personally ag [ grieved, and wies not at all sorry for an i opportunity of snubbing poor Joe, whs, she ; knew, would care for it. ] " Thank yon, Tm very much obliged; but i I don't want any ribbons. When I do, M ; buy them myselL Good-night 1 p'leaseTst me ; come by, I muss go home." i "I bought it o' purpose for you, Jenny; ; I though you'd ha' liked it. Do stop a 1 minute, Jenny; T'll come with yon. Tt ain't < safe to go to sen, Jenny; it ain't "indeed, or ; I'd go out in a minute. You know! "would, I Jenny." I _ "Thank von. I don't ask nobody ho go I if they're afraid? Please let- me come by; : I'm late." She "pushed by him; buthse held : her. ! "Jenny! Jenny! don't speak to me like that. 1 hain't "seen you once since -afore the fishing, and I can't abide to have you speak to me o' that manner, Jenny. Stop wndnute, do; Jenny! dear .Tennv!" She was gone, and Joe was sujnemely ■ miserable. It sas dark before lie "left the I bridge. "Hankering arter that gal again," I thought his old "mother, as she gave Thin Ins i supper, before he went off to bed at 7 j o'clock. "Them- gals don't know when they i be well off. HSggetty-jigging things they be, : so aggrewatin"! She ain't wuth him."" At half-past 8 o'clock punctually " next morning Squire Lindon came down i 1 the dining-room at the Hall and rang the 1 1 for prayers. He was a fine tall man of fifty-six; the at which Mrs. Norton maintains that alia some man is most picturesque. He had a pleasant, open face, a broad If bead, thin curly haw, and a colour wh smacked unmistakably of sea-breezes exercises in the open air. Shippon 1 > belonged to his family since 1370, whei Linden (if tradition speaks true, no bcrt j than he should have been) had received * I heiress in payment *f a bad debt ft ' Edward in. The estate was extensive, though anyth but a rich one. The greater part consisted liealfiiy hills, and the la£«d which was urn cultivation was very poor. Though, howev there were many wealthier men in ■ country, none held their beads higher tl Squire Linden. He was proud of his 1 old house, with the family motto and "L: Dso" in venerable grey stone letters rnnnii as a balustrade, the whole length of the f roi proud—(will wiser readers smile at him? of the saercd inheritance of family traditi and a. good old name; and all the more foil' proud of his only daughter Edith, a brg girl of nineteen, because her laughing bro eyes and fair waving hair were precisely tin of a beautiful picture by Lely, which held honoured place among the family portrn , that hung over the blank oak staircase a ' covered the panelled walls of the great str ; hall. She came into the room and held j her face to be kissed, just as he hod finish I reading his letters and was cutting his nev i paper. | "IT' tell you what it is, Miss Palefaa , lie said, as he took the little upturned face ! both his hands and kissed it tenderly; " 1 | tell you what it is, we must not have a: more dancing if we can't get our r.>ses lja for two days after it. Hadn't we better ma mamma write and tell the stupid people n to come on Thursday'! Eh, miss, what you say?"' "Oil, papa! haw it has been blowing, woke me at half-past 3, and 1 could not ; to sleep again at all. Jane says Hollai was iqi here just before she came to me ai told her more than fifty trees were bloi down between 4 and 5. Oh ' I do ho all the boats are safe at Harmouth beft " It's off shore, darling, ami I don't think it will have dene any mischief here except to my trees; but go and look on the table, and sec if you can't find anything to bring back those roses." The missing roses did come back in a minute as Edith snatched up a letter. It was from licr brother's college clium, Sir Arthur Hamlin, the fortunate heir of some seven thousand a year in a ring fence not thirty miles from Shippon; more fortunate still in his own estimation in having won the love of ; the sweetest girl in the county, and being engaged to Edith London. " Well, dear, when is he coming?" asked Mrs. Lindon. A large party was expected at the Hall the next day, for a week's shoot ing and a ball, and Sir Arthur, as a matter of course, was to he one. "Will he wait to piak up Henry at Cambridge, or will he come over to-night?" , , ,,, " I don't know, mamma; I expect he 11 very likely be here to-night. He says, ' My new yacht, the "Edith," is at Wellport. If it's very fine indeed, perhaps, I shall bring her round to Shippon for you to see. I have had some alterations made in the cabin, and I know you will like her. H the weather is m the least had, I shall look out for Henry at tvorborough, and drive over on Tuesday night or Wednesday morning.' He'll be here to-day, I know he will! It was so windy yesterday morning that he would not have gone down to Wellport at all, so he 11 be sure to be over with Henry this afternoon. I must go down to tower Shippon this morning." " My darling, indeed you mustn't do any snch thing," said Mrs Lindon; "I can't think of letting you go out at all in such weather. Why, it's raining hard; you would catch cold and be laid up all the week, if you were not blown away over the cliff. You know yon would." "Oh! mamma, jjkasc; I've got ever so many things I must do, and I shan't have another chance. Please do let me, mamma. " Well, dear, we will see how it looks after lunch; yon must take a hook and be qutot till then. You haven't got rested after the Hurton dance yet, so give me another cap of coffee, and then finish your own breakfast, like a good child." The sun had found its way through the rolling clouds, and the wind had dropped before Edith had finished her book, and luncheon was ready. So her ponies were ordered, and she droVe off, armed with plenty of wrappers and a basket of jellies and soup. About half way down fr*m the Fab to the village, a fisherman stopped her I to say that old Susan Crash was in trouble again. Her boy Joe had got up early in the morning and gone out to sea alone, I -without saying a word to any one, just before the squall. They hail missed liis boat on tne beacn, 5 and a man coining along-shore some hours [ after had picked up one of his oars, and a baling-tin which was recognised as his; and ! " X ax your pardon, Miss," the old fellow went on, " hut I was just a-coming up to tell you. Susan she takes on terrible about it, and I thought. Miss, as how mayhap you wish to be a-coming to see her if you knewed." " Oh! I'll go now at once. I am so sorry. Whatever could have made him go cut such a morning?—and all alone, too. Oh, how shocking it is! Poor old Susan.' The old man shook his head mysteriously, and said in a lower tone, "They do say, Miss, as how it was Jenny Cooper made him go to get her a fish- They do say so. They was a-keepin' company, you know, Miss." , In a very few minutes Edith was at the cottage. She tapped quietly, and went in. J Tli p. room into which the door opened was low and dark; hut the floor was neatly sanded, and everything, from the bottles ol different-coloured sands and the model ship on the chimney- piece to the old-fashioned walnut drawars against the opposite walls, was carefully dusted and sedulously clean. In a low chair, in front ot the little lire which burnt in a corner of the grate, sat Susan Crash, rocking herself slowly back wards and forwards, and moaning every now and then. Beside her stood Jenny, pale and silent, with a touching wistful loo* in her eves; but the old woman took no notice of" her, and scarcely seemed to know she was there. When Edith came in she made a slight movement of recognition, but said nothing, and went on roeking herself as before. Edith s own eves were so dim that she saw nothing oi the hopeless look in poor Jenny's face as she handed her a chair. "Poor dear old Susan!" she said, as she took the old woman's horny hand in hers. ! Poor dear old Susan!" There was a silence, "broken only by fensan s moans, which were deeper than before, and the hollow tickings if the eld upright clock in the comer. At last she spoke. "I knewed liow 'fcvrer—I knewed how 'twor when I heard his voise come in at the window. I knewed what that meant. hatUer, brothers, husband, and sow my boy! Oh! Joe, Joe, Joe! to forget old mother for a pink murderin' hisseyY The flood-gates were open, and the old woman sobbed like a child. , Poor Jenny! her -pEmskmeiit had come quickly—a bitter punishment it was, poor girl. What might bev-e been, and what was; how different all seemed now, now that it was too late—now that his mother had called her his murderess. Poor child! She dared stay no lender, smd too uuftsrable to cure wbci^c die wont or iri&at; slie-did, slxe stole noiseiess^y "fee the door and ont-inte the street. The men aut women looked at her and whispered as ehe passed; lint she dock no notice of anything, andkurriedtkreugb the little narrow turnings which led -out paetdSie preventive houses mso the lieid beyond the village. There -she v/s.s alone. For the length of a field or two'tee cliff above Shippon gets gradually higher, stell at the "Sugarioaf" it towers up threeJiim dred feet above Abe sea. A little heyentirtne highest point a ilmge mass of the upper -soil and feirf, loosensd probably by the laar. springs. has becsme detached, aud^ siipQsed bodily down, and rests suspended between sea and sky, a .hoidred feet from the of the cliff and a-Jmndred and fifty ormere-f-roin the beach below. There is a gccci charm about the trull s Eest," as the -jgjot is called. You seem to overhang the sea. "Wherever you look is sea, nothing but sea- To the left is sea, stretch ing away to a Jc®sr line of purple shore.to the dim distance, dmiged at all times with a -n^*2y 1 line of white .foam. At times, when the sun is setting over c. fall spring-tide, you ink?" see ships in a stream of gold behind She! jae of purple. That is Rakeston Harbour—ten miles off. To She right, beyond the sharp chalk needles which hem in the Gulls A est on that side, .you look over sea uiimnried —sea which scams to rise np and mi?- iwith the sky. _ But the new had no charms for-Lenny. She scrambled -Sown the cliff, and -threw herself down out-of sight, out of hearing < -.Tiie village, among the damp grass, and strained her eyes all over the waste of waters. It was low tide, and the breakers -were Towling surlily among the naked roiks,^ a couple of hundred yards from the foot of the cliff. A. single little schooner was lossiEg about far ont beyond the sandbank, almost hidden at times by the white crested w aves, but not a sign of boat. She hid her face iu her hands, and cried as if her heart would break The wind had veered round since tae morning, and wat blowing now in short, uncertain gusts from the sea. Jemiy haa nothing on her head, and was cold and shiver ing, when something colder even than hei own poor little wot cheek touched it for a moment. Edith's pet white and yellow setter had found her, and looked at her with a puzzled expression, in his go-eat hazel eyes'as asbe started up, just in lime to see his mistress climbing down to her. Edith had heard which wav she had gr-e, and haa come to look for her. Come borne, Jcuuy4 ' she said, gently; " don't stop out in the cold any longer. How wet you are! You'll make yourself ill, and then what will Laconic of poor old i Tim." , . ,, I " <Yh, Miss!—oli, Miss', that's all my fault. I wish I was dead, I do !' and she threw I ■ herself down again, choking with a fresli i burst oi tears. . There is something woudemuly saotluu- i and streugtbening in sympathy. It seems j almost as if every sorrow, small or great, ■ brought a certain appointed weight of pain with" it—a weight which must lie carried : somehow ov other. Ko friend may relieve us i of our share altogether, but a kindly helping ; hand may ease the weight as surely as if the | burden were material ! Jemiv, like old Sunn1. found it so; and - both felt their hem es a little lighter before j Edith drove away. She had not started a : mini! to too soon; her ponies were not long in : whisking her home ; but. the word liau begun to blow hard, and slic bad only just time to run down to the greenhouse for a buncli of blue Ilussiau larkspur for her hair before it began to rain again. . ; Dinner was laid at balf-pr-st <> tor five, but : Edith and her father and mother sat down : by themselves, half expecting every minute to hoar the sound cf wheels on the gravel in front, and a ring at the bell; but they were disappointed, and at 11 o'clock Mr. Lindon got up and put down his book, and stretched himself in front of the drawing-room fire, and said— , " Well I don't think tiiese boys will turn up to-night now. It they had caught the 0 o'clock train they would have been here before now, so I think we had all of us better go to ■ i bed. What a noise the wind does make, to < be sure; we have not had such a gale all the 1 year. Come, Missy, put down your work and 1 trot off. Here is a candle for you. I shan't ; be long I know before I'm asleep for one. i Give me a kiss, my darling child, and say ] good-night." s The wind shrieked among the gables and ;mtioTr-otnclrR and the windows rattled till 1 chimney-stacks, and the windows rattled till a stranger might have thought that the whole place was comingdown; but the old Hall had stood every storm for a good many hundred years, and was likely to stand for a good many hundred more. The Squire was too much accustomed to the noise of a "north-easter" to let it disturb him in the least; but he had not been many minutes in bed, and was only just settling into his first sleep, when another sound | caught his attention, and he started np to ' listen. He had not time to rub his eyes before it came again. A bang and a rattle I at his window. Some one below was throw- ! ing gravel against the glass. Mr. .Lindon | knew well enough what the noise meant, and jumped out of bed and threw up the window. "Holloa, is that you, Tim? What is it?" An. old man in a long oiled coat and sou' wester stood in the garden beneath. "What is it, Tim?" " Skewner, Sir, in agin the Gull's Neest." "Stop there, I'll be down in a minute. Stop there. Unfortunately a shipwreck was only too common an event at Shippon. In a very few minutes Mr. Lindon was dressed and had knocked up the butler and given orders. "Wake George, and tell him to put the brown horse in the omnibus, and to take plenty of rugs and coats and wait at the Lindon Arms, to be ready -if he is wanted. Tell him to sbnd one of the hoys on " Lady Grey" as hard as he can ride, to Captain James for the mortar, and be sure there is a good fire kept up in the kitchen." Squire Lindon and Tim fought their way as best they could against the hurricane. It was slow work, and the "'bus" was at the village almost before tbey reached the Gull's If est by a short cut. There it was no easy matter to stand at all. The huge waves were thundering half way up the cliff, and the sea, wherever they could catch a glimpse of it through the blinding shower of foam flakes which blew in their 1 faces, was black as ink. A single light j showed the direction of the doomed ship, and every now and then as she rose for a moment ' on some giant wave they could see her black hull and spars against the sky. She had ] cleared the shoal, and was driving straight in for the " Needles." ■ | " If she strikes there," said a coastguard man, as the wind dropped for a few seconds, •' that will be all over very quick." 1 If only she could round the point (but who ! on board was to know that) there was a i chance of saving the crew, if the mortar j arrived in time—a chance, but a desperate ] one. It would be hopeless to attempt to get the lifeboat off in such a sea. It was only in the momentary lull that the crowd of eager I watchers on the cliff could hear one another speak. "What is she?" shouted the Squire. " Can you make her out 1" "Not altogether, Sir, she seemed a'mostas though she was a standing in this arternoon I afore the wind changed. She appears more ' like a big yaeki nor anything. I doubt that's what she is." A gentle hand was laid on the Squire's arm. He started as lie looked round and saw his daughter. " My child, how could yoa ?" Papa, papa, it's the 4 Edith!'" anil she fell helpless into his arms. Edith had not gone to bed when she left the drawing-room. She had sent her maid [ away, and sat down in an easy chair in front! of her fire, and had fallen asleep and was dreaming when the noise in the house roused her. Her first idea was that Sir Charles and her brother had come; hut very soon she un derstood that it was a wreck; and, seized with a horrible indefinite dread, such as she had never felt before, she snatched np her hat and a thick cloak and veil and ran down stairs just as the "'bus" was starting, and jumped fa Tile first words which caught her ear on the cliff were, " She appears more like a big yacht ear anything; I doabt that's what she is. Tfcc fatigues of a day -of unusually painful excitement, the solitary night- drive from the Hail, and the last crowding agony of findjgg ho- worst fears realized, had been too much iter the slight, delicate girl, and overtaxed nature brought its awn relief. Her father Sated her np, and carried her, fainting, to the •village. A light in widow Crask's window . showed that she was still up; he pushei. the : vioor open, and laid Edith down on the old > woman's bed, and Smelt beside ber, hfSding ■ up ber head, while-Jenny, who bad followed j them down from the cliff, and Susan %athed | her temples with vinegar and chafed her cold ( bauds and feet, it was some time '(to ber father it sedmed sees) before she showed any signs of return! nglife; but at last she opened her eyes aud Looked dreamily round her. As soon as Jenny had seen her move, site pulled her shawl over her head, and left theia noise lessly to learn the worst. Her hand was almost on the tlzfcchei of the door, when it opened. A confused sound of voices reached her from the ikreet, and a tall, dark figure, with dripping hair and clothes and naked feet, stood in front of her. For ». moment Jenny thought she saw a ghost ; "the next, she gave a scream, burst into tears,-and threw her arms rounfi Joe's neck. They were no ghost's lips which met hers. The -breath on her forehead *vr as warm. It was Joe himself, alive from the -dead—alive and vnglk " All on us safe 3" Squire kindon and Edith heard it. " All on cs sdfe, thank heaven!" How Joe came there is soon d-sld. The squall in the morning had caught dim as he was banliffig.-is his line. He bad .list one of his oars, and had drifted out to sssu, and had tossed about ikelpless for hoars. The wave which had carried away his oar lisE. fialf-iilied his boat, seE he had been obliged to keep baling with las sou'-wester as feesi lie could. He had almesfc given up altogether when, from the top of a wave, he sighted a ship close by hint; in a minute he had stripped off liis red handkerchief, and hoisted it.-E.-i a signal of distress on . his boat-hook, and in less than half-an-hour, by one of those providences which we call Sncky chances, found himself on board .Sir Arthur Hamlin's yacht, just about the time that Edith was driving home to the nalL As Jenny had noticed when she left the "Gull's Nest," the wind had chopped quite round, and was blowing hard, with a strong tide en -shore. The sea, which bad been high all the day, was still making fast, anil by the time lie had had a mouthful to eat j and drink below, it was almost pitch dark. ! Joe had beea beru and bred at Shippon; he j had beea out it big boats and little boats, l-ougli and smofitk. light and dark, till lie knew every yard of the coast for ten miles, -as well as he kuew the village itself. When be came o;i deck again a single glance was enough to show him that the Edith was on the -shoal. Another minute, and she would be hard and fast aground. " Pert your helm!" he skssted, -at the top of his -voice, and sprang is the wheel. The storm-jib, the only cauvae she i was carrying, Happed, empty for a moment; •the next, a huge roller lifted her high out of J the water. There was a hollow grating j sound, aud the vessel shook from, stem io : stern. In another njfiiuent she was iu deep v aier inside the bank. I •"Touch and go, Sir. Better cast out a I couple of anchors, or we shall be on the Needles afore wc know where we are." At half-past 11 the storm was still in creasing ; the hatches were down, and every thing nsade snug. The yacht still rode head j to the wind: but the waves were awful. Sir | Arthur and Joe were together on deck, hold- > ing on as best they could. Five minutes ! before the cliff's had looked through the dark- j nesslike black uncertain clouds resting on the j water. li.jw they could see the " .Sugar-i loaf " frowning, huge aud sharp, out against the sky. The terrible truth Hashed oil them ! both at the same moiueut. The anchors held ; no longer, and they were drifting in. j "Cut her free, for heaven's sake!" shouted Joe. " If we can get her round the 'Needles' wc in'"/ get a rope ashore ; if not, we are done for." A very few minutes after the Squire left ' them the watchers on the cliff saw the vessel : give a lurch and spring in. Another bound . aud the joint was cleared, and the Edith 1 lay a wreck, with the spent waves breaking ; over her, v.-edged fast in the little bay at the foot of the "Gull's Nest." 1 There was a pause for a minute or two. 1 To those on deck it seemed ages. Then came a red Hash from the land, and a roar that was heard above the sea. A shot whizzed far out over their heads, and a rope fell across the vessel's bows. In half an hour's time the last sailor was safe on the cliff. j Our readers luust picture for themselves the hajtpincss which changed tbe old woman's tumble-down cottage into a palace that night. 1— -o i- j— -I—,—:i.„ WlULUW^"«4l^l'uul*bv 1 _ O - s We will not ourselves attempt to describe j with what humble, grateful tears the widow received hack her boy from the dead; nor • even how the pretty Jenny forgot her coquet tishness for once, and clung round Joe's neck j before half the village, like an April-day sun j and showers together. Above all we will not venture to intrude into the little inner room. Mr. Lindon himself did not, and Edith was alone when she met her lover. We have only one thing more to tell, and that will not surprise our readers, perliap3, much more than it did any one in Shippon. The Sunday after the storm three pairs of j banns were put np in church instead of two. The names of the last, ennnle were " .Tnsenh I Crask and. Jane Cooper." T. D. P. 