DKAPEU M EMU RIAL CflUKCH. The want of a Wesleyan place of worship in the I southern portion of the city lias Ions been a source i of inconvenience to many members of that deno ■ urination, but active steps have now been taken for supplying the deficiency, and providing suit i able church accommodation. In July last the | matter was first taken up in a practical way, when I at a meeting at P'rie-strect almut £1,100 was sub '■ scnbed towards the object. A piece of bind was I procured in Gilbert street, adj icent to tire school- . room tirere, and the idea having suggested itseif i , that this building might lie made a fitting memo- j j rial to the memoiy of one whose devoted labours : ! in the cause of Wesleyan Methodism in the Aus- J 1 tralian Colonies won for him the esteem and confi- j dcnce of all with whom he was connected, the I ! foundation stone of the Draper Memorial Church was laid on Tuesday, Oct <ber!5. j It may not be out of place here to give a few I particulars of the late Eev. Daniel James Draper, i to wiiose memory the structure is to be erected. [ Mr. Drap r was born at Wickham. Hampshire, oil August 28, lfjlO. At the age of 2!', while living at Southampton, he became a local preacher, under t he superintendence of the 1,'tv. \V. D. Gav, and in December, 1833, he removed to Brecon, in South Wales, where as a preacher he w is laborious, acceptable, and useful. He was approved of by the District Committee, accepted oil trial as a ' candidate for the ministry by tiie Conference in ISM, and appointed to the Chatter s Circuit, At this time becoming known for his zealous efforts in the work to the Secretaries of the Missionary Society, lie was selected with several others to proceed to New South Wales, taking his depa-ture for that colony on October 13, 1S35, and reaching Sydney via 'J'asiuauia in the following April. After ab.i'u 10 years' successful labour in New South Wales, where he was married to his second wih:, Mi,s slielley, daughter of one of the first missionaries to the Soutli Seas. Mr. Draper was with his own consent appointed in ISiii to the charge of the Adelaide Circuit, which lie found in a depressed and discouraging state. The entire" colony at that tim formed one circuit, and m cultivating this extensive field Mr Draper spared no energy, it being said of him that lie fre quently iode on horseback 50 miles a day to preach to congregations in distant localities and scattered neighbourhoods- In connection with the question of istate aid to religion lie was much misrepresented, considerable difference of opinion existing amongst the denomination to which he belonged as to whether iliey should or should not avail themselves of State grants; but his policy lias been acknowledged to be a wise one, and he had the satisfaction of finding that his judicious use of State aid, while it Listed, enabled the Church to strengthen an t improve its condi tion, and take one of the firstpositions in tliehind. The Church extension system was projected by ■ Mr. Draper in 1 so j ami 1851. which embraced the | erectio.i of a number of chapels and ministers' ] residences, and of these erections Ihiie-street Chapel was the chief. During his stay in South Australia Mr. Draper held for the same time the office of President of the South Australian Total Abstinence .-oeiety. In 1S55 he was app dnted to Victoria, where for some years lie was Chairman of the District. Hewa6Secretarvof tlieCouerenee in the years 1857, 1S58, and ISoa, and in 1859 he was elected President. Having for some years contemplated a visit to Europe, he was in 1805 appointed as the representative of the Australasian Conference 10 the British Conference, and Lft f, r England earlv in that year; and it was in the following year that Mr. an i Mrs. Draper on their return to Australia went doivn in the steamship Loudon in the Bay of Biscay, with 220 fellow passengers-a catastrophe the remembrance of which, and of the pare «i Itich Mr. Draper displayed in connection therewith, must be familiar to all. The following is a description of the church, as supplied to us by the aichitect, Mr. James Gumming:— "The general style of the building is first pointed or eariy English carried out in hard stone rubble, with freestone dressings. The main en t anee is in the centre of the front, and through the tower, which is within the line of the front. Above the roof the tower is diminished by weather ings to the bellcliainber, to which there is a large t.ip'et louvred opening on eacii of the four faces of the tower, surmounted by a gabiet. Above the bellchamber the building is finished by an octa gonal spite rising to a height of ISO feet from the street level. 'J he front ami flanks are enriched hy liuttrcsses, pinnacles, and engaged shafts, witii foliated capitals and corbels. The front doorway and large centre window over are enriched with shafts, mouldings, and toothed ornament. There is a large schoolroom at present c'ose to the rear of the site, which influenced the arrangeotent of the building so far as the adapting of the space on the ground floor on each side of the tower for rooms to be used for a time as vestries, while the spaces in the gallery over tlp-se rooms are sealed for children of the Sunday-school. The gailery projects three pews beyond the inner face of the tower, and the centre portion of this part will be occupied by the choir. The ceiling, which is fl it in the centre and sloped a little at tiie sides, is divided into compart ments by moulded ribs, with bosses at the inter sections, and lias a cornice at the side walls. The middle compartments have each a large perforated flower in the centre, opening to a shaft commu nicating with dormers on each side of the roof, aud the ventilation can be regulated at pleasure from one of the vestry rooms. The fronts of the pulpit, platform, and gallery will he iron work of Gothic design. Tiie'fittings are of cedar, and the church wiil he seated to accommodate 5~ti p rrsons. The whole of the work, exclusive of the fence, is contracted tor by Mr. \V. Bun-ley, of North Ade laide, at ~ 1,-J 17, aud wilt take about twelve months to complete." At the hour appointed for the ceremony—5 p.m. —notwithstanding the boisterous state of the weather. a great many spectators had assembled, and there were a number of ministers and ladies scaled on a platform erected near the stone. The proceedings having been opened by singing a hymn, the Lev. It. C. Ft.ocK.vnT offered prayer, aud the Iter. Alfred I.'igg read the Blind I'salnt. The Kev. J. G. Millard then said the bottle vvli ell was to be placed under the stone contained the minutes of the last (:.uirer--nci', the 1'i-r number of the South Australian Weslegan Magazine, with a copy of the Ciicuit P,an, the two daily paper, hegister and A le rtiser, and a document, of which me following is a copy : — " The foundation- tone of this house, intended for the public worship of Almighty God after the forms and ceremonies of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, was laid by John Colton, Esq., M. I'., on the 13th day of t »ctol.er, 1S67, being the 3!)tit year of the reign ofHir Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Duuiinick Daly being Governor of the province; the Kev. IL H. Gaud, Piesideut of the Austraiasiau Wesleyan Metho dist Conference; the Kev. John Watsford, Chairman of the South Australian District; lievs. J. G. Millard aud A. ltigg, ministers of the Adelaide First Circuit; John Colton and -lames Scott, tsqs.. Circuit Stewards; James Cumming, Esq., architect; W. Viindey, Esq. -tor- UTrcsre -f <8,.llo„ T . contractor; ami Messrs. J. Colton, J. scott, Li. Koach, H. Goss, \V. Collins, W. Johns. W. G. Coombs, W. Scott, H. Code!, M. Kingsborough, W. Iliclxards, J. C. Mann, J. D. Bone, P. Fox, J. Dungey, A. Thompson, K. E. Tapl.-y, F. H. Paulding, E. Pearce, J. Langsford, .T. Br-ad, W. Thomas, J. D. Hill. J. Lloyi, G. W. Cotton, W. Stacey, J. (freer, W. Pengeilcy, and A. Dobbie, Trustees and Building committee. This building is to be designated 'The Draper Memorial Church,' in memory of the Kev. Daniel J. Draper, formerly Chairmau of this District, whose u-eful ministry, genial disposition, enlightened attachment to Methodism, and most able management of its affairs, greatly endeared him to our people, among whom nis name will long be remembered with love and veneration. On the lltli of January. lSBti. when returning from England to Australia, where he liail laboured for 3D years, he, with his excellent wife and upwards of 2u0 fellow-pas sengers sank into a watery grave bv the foundering of the ship London in the Bay of j Biscay.—He magnified Christ both in life and death." The rev. gentleman then said that had it not been for the formidable weather the architect would have had a picture of the church hung up on the wall of the schoolroom, hut as it was a drawing of it could fie seen inside. Addressing Mr. John Colton, M.P., who was to lay the stone, Mr. Millard said—" Permit me, Sir, on behalf «f the Trustees and the Building Committee of this edifice, to present you with this very handsome trowel, and also, in the name of Mr. Bundey, the i contractor, to present you with this elegant mallet, and now to ask you upon this vety interesting occasion to proceed with these instruments to lay j the foundation stone of the Draper ill emoriaJ i Church. I have much pleasure iu handing you 1 this trowel." I The trowel, a very handsome silver one. with ivory handle—tiie work of Mr. John Davis-bore the following inscription" Presented to John i Colton, Esq., JLP., oil t >e occasion of his laying the foundation-stone of the Draper- Memorial Church, Adelaide, October 15,1867." The mallet was also of nice workmanship. j Mr. Colton, iu a heavy shower of rain, then | proceeded to lay the 3toue with the usual for malities, and declared it laid " in the name name of the , Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and ' may the blessed Trinity bless this undertaking." j He said he was sincerely sorry that they had such 1 an unpropitious afternoon, but he was very glad to : find that there was so much real interest evinced : in the undertaking, by the large number of ladies, i gentlemen, and children present on the occasion, t He could not permit that opportunity to pass with- , out a few remarks. He was gratified that such an >. in teresting ceremony had fallen to his lot. (The J rain here came down heavily.) After having been \ identified with their Church's rise and progress in i that city for more than a quarter of a century, he j felt that that was to himself a red-letter day— . (Hear, hear)—and oue that would never be I forgotten as long as lie lived. He felt a special pleasure in laying that foundation stone, Because of his long and intimate acquaintance with the honoured name that that erection was intended to commemorate. Many suggestions hail been made as to the most I fitting means of commemorating that great and good man's name, his life, his noble death, but if j they could draw aside the veil, and were permitted j to consult their departed minister and friend the hue ltev. Daniel James Draper, who laboured iu that city for nine years, and who spent nine years of the best of his ministry with them, as to the character of the monument to be erected to bis memory, they believed that his sentiments would be m accordance with their own as to the erection of that place of worship. They believed that nothing that could be devised would be so lunch in harmony with his own feelings as such a ehureli as that to commemorate his self-denying labours and heroic death. (Hear, hear.) 11- would say further, that if that good mau's tainted spirit was then hovering over them, they believed that the joy which he felt would be intenstied by that ad ditional act of progress in the cause of the Iledeemer in the city in connection with tiieir Church, and he (Mr. Colton) exceedingly rejoiced at laying the foundation-stone of a building to the memory of one whotu they all esteemed-a man who placed the foundation of their Church in the colony on a firm and sure basis. He might just refer b.fote he closed to the reason which had induced tlic Trustees and friends to commence that ereeiun. For many years their place in 1'irie-street, large and commodious as it wa=, had Lteeu too small. The erection of a church where they were then assembled had been talked of for years: , but they bad nut been able to see their way clear to build it, so many undertakings in connection with the onward progress of tile Church having interfered. When at Pirie-street they found that their chapel was insufficient to accommodate many earnest worshippers who were desirous of meeting with them, it was suggest.-d that to meet this difficulty a place should be erected there, and it was thought desit able that there should also be. one at Kent Town. This last church had been successfully carried out, wliich had interfered with their movement in this direction; hut they had now determined to build there, as it was found : that although many had gone to Kent Town there were still a great many who could not be accommodated iu Piric-slreet. He hoped they had commenced this work in good earnest, with the belief that it was absolutely re quired, and they therefore threw themselves upon the sympathies of their friends, asking their co- operation by their prayers, solicita tions, and contributions. They had already commenced a large and flourishing scniol there, meetings were held from Sabbath 11 Sabbatb, a Society met there from week to week, and a large number of their members lived in th.it neighbour- : : hood who would avail themselves of that church • when it was erected, tt would he a very beautiful . ; place, worthy of the M ethodist Church, and worthy | ; of that groat and good man whoso name it bore; : ! and lie hoped when completed it would not lie j great y in debt. In reply to the Kev. Mr. Mil bird, • ! he would say that he hoped he would convey to his i brother Trustees the expression of his thanks. He j should value it as long as he lived, and hand it ! down to his family as a heir-loom. (Hear, hear.) ; He thanked them for the honour they had con- i ferred upon htm, and he had never beet) e mnected ; during the last 25 years in the colony with any similar undertaking that had failed. He had the greatest possible confidence that what they were now doing was right, tiiat it was under the sanciiou of Heaven, and that God would smile upon their efforts. (Applause.) The Kev. .T. Watsford, after remarking that they wished t > get the collection over before the next shower catne, as they had h 11 two already, said lie rejoiced in that work, because they were building a church where a Wesleyan Church was needed, and because it was to be so beautiful a place; and life also rejoiced because they were I about to build a house for God, where those great and glorious tru'hs which they as Wesleyan Methodists loved, and which they believed to be iu accordance with 'Tod's most holy word, would lie there taught. They alt kuewwhat those truths were which must he taught there. Some people said thai this was to lie deplored—that they ought to leave the uur.dsof their ministers free and un shackled as they called it, that they might think with the age, receive fresh light, and change their views as the lim; s went on, but they held that all new in theology touching the great fundamental truths of Christianity was false. They held that the truths of Christianity, like their gn a author, were the same "yesterday, to- dav, anu tor ever," the Tiiuity in unity, one God and three persons, three persons and one God, " the undivided three and the mysterious one." Surely no light could lie imparted to them that would ever change that great doctrine. There was original sin, man a sinner guilty, depraved, fallen and ruinetl. No fresh light could ever make it appear to thetu tliat maii nras not a sinner* that man was not helple-s, not ruined. There was re demption by their Lord and Saviour Jesus Cinist; j every man was redeemed by His precious blood, , an I no other light could ever make it appear that 1 Jesus Christ was not wounded for their transgres 1 sions. not bruised for th.-ir iniquities, that the | chastisement of their peace was not laid upon Him, I and that by his stripes they were not healed. Tile | traces anil witnessing of the Spirit, the renewing of the Ilo'v tiliost. and the sanctiGcation of the soul- they held that all these great truths must remain the same forever, ami they insisted upon it that all the ministers of their Church should preach tlio-e truths. (Hear, hear.) They had no difficulty in getting a minister out of their pulpit if he did not preach the truth as they held it. The Methodist Church said to its ministers "Come with us if you hold these trui lis, and preach theua, if not, go s due wherc else." (Applause.) While they held these principles there was no fear of Pop try, no fear of Puseyism, no fear of Nationalism, no fear of anything contrary to the glorious Gospel of their blessed God, (Applause.) Let a Methodist prcaehcr come from Hugland. Irelaud. or Scotland, Canada, the United States, or any of the colonies to preach there, they all ktiew what he would preach -the great truths declared to man, which they hail heard many of them from childhood, and proved to he " the power of God unto salvation." Their little friends said some strauge things about it. He hoped they would not imagine they worshipped saints. (Laughter.) He was sure their friends all knew that they were not erecting that house of prayer for the worship of their dear friend Draper, t hey glorifled God iu that great and good man, in his holy successful life, and in his triumphant deat'i, and their friends had said, "Let us present a thankofferiug to God for giving us such a uian, for the grace that assis'eil him in the dying and trying hour;" and no litt-r memorial could lie raised than a house of prayer in which he could preach the Gospel anu proclaim an accepted Saviour if he lived. If there »as a mail in the Australian Colonies successful in chapel building, that man was their departed friend Mr. Ltniper. and they were building a church to the glory of God to be called the Draper Memorial Church. Might God grant that in that church hundreds and thousands might be converted to God. He hoped they would all do something to cheer the hearts of the ministers and trustees, and help them to their utmost ability to build that church to the praise atul glory of God. (Applause.) Mr. Colt x said be wished to acknowledge the gift of tlie very handsome mallet presented to liiui by Mr. Bunder. The Kev. Sir. Millard said the contract, had been taken for A'4.2uu odti, towards which £I,L50 ha 1 been promised. He had been desired to name various ainuuuis which he had received lately, and he then read a list of contributions amoumii g in the total to £-s2 15'. A collection was then made, which, with this amount and the offerings placed ou tiie s to III1, made a total of about £l2U. A verse of the National Anthem was tlicnsung, and tlie benediction having been prononuced by the licv. Mr. Wilson, the proceedings terminated. 