(Concluded from page l5.) far from seeking to usurp the education of Pro testants, we restrict our care to those of our own household, leaving all who differ from us in re- lugion to provide for the instruction of their own children in whatever way they consider most beneficial. The rights we claim for ourselves we cheerfully grant to others, but we object and will ever and always object to our children being taught by Wesleyan masters and mistresses and psalm-singing pedagogues, who, I understand, are flocking in great numbers to the training school in Sydney, and preparing themselves for the great work of instructing and enlightening the children of the Church of England, the Presbyterian, and Catholic children of New South Wales. Dearly Beloved Brethren, we are living in difficult times, our most sacred and dearest rights and our most vital interests are assailed, we are c0ndemned not unheard indeed, for we have spoken, but we are condemned because our views have been misunderstood by some, and misrepresented by others, bad and corrupt mo- tives are imputed to us when we make open and honest declarations of our views, and what is more we are charged with a desire to encroach upon the public funds and with coveting our neighbour's goods, at the very time when for conscience sake and through a strict adherence to our principles we are making fearful pecuniary sacrifices to protect the little ones of our flocks from the dangers and evils of mixed education. But there is a sense of honour and justice in the colony that will soon see our wrongs and grie- vances, and seeing them, will have them removed or redressed, and to use the beautiful words of Mr' Alexander Gordon "the time will come when with regard to Public Education, as has lately occured in reference to another subject, error will have to be confessed and atonement for injustice to be made. Apart from the spirit of intolerance and bigotry worthy of Robes- pierre and other despots, by which a few and very few are animated towards us, a noble spirit of Christian benevolence and good feeling gene- rally prevails ; and, for my part I shall never forget the kindness and unbounded hospitality received during my visit to the northern portion of this diocese, not only from Catholics, but from Protestants and Presbyterians. I am closing this letter on the great feast of the Immaculate Conception, and let us my dear brethren, place ourselves and all our wants under the special protection of our Immaculate Mother. She will obtain for us from her divine son the virtue of patience and forbearance under our trials: she will protect your dear children from the evils of mixed marriages. With this view I ask the clergy to say every day, after each Mass three Hail Marys and the prayer of St. Bernard, " Remember O most pious Virgin,'' etc. ; and to announce to the faithful that every time they recite this prayer they will gain an indulgence of three hundred days. And as at present this district is suffering so much from drought and the crops, the only the only means of subsistence for the people, are threatened with destruction, you will please read in the Mass until further orders the Collect for rain "ad pluviam petendam" and let the Litany of the Blessed Virgin be read as usual for the same intention. The blessing and the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. \+ JAMES, Bishop of Maitland. St. Joseph's Presbytery, East Maitland, December 8th, 1867. PASTORAL LETTER OP THE RIGHT REV. DR, MURRAY, BISHOP OF MAIT . LAND. ?' James, by the Grack of God and of the Apostolic See, Bishop op Maitland, to , ' thb Catholic Clergy and. Laity of the ,/ Diocese i op Maitland. | ?'?' DEAljiiY Beloved Brethren and CHILDREN JfN CliiiiST,— The education of the rising genera- tion is the most momentous question that can engage the solicitude and vigilance of those who have been appointed to rule the Cbursh of God and to guide their flocks in the ways of salva tion, and who being charged with the spiritual welfare of immortal souls, will have to render a most strict account to a just and all-knowing judge on the last day, if through their apathy or The success of the pastors of the Church in carrying out the great mission of teaching and baptizing all nations, delivered to them by Christ himself, mainly depends upon the education which they provide for the young, and should they fail in discharging that all-important duty, and allow the little ones committed to their care to imbibe false doctrines or the pernicious maxims of infidelity and indifferentism, they would undoubtedly incur the anger of God and expose their own souls to eternal ruin. Hence we find that in every region of the earth the Holy Catholic Church has at all times taken under her special protection the young, being con vinced that the religious impressions made on their tender minds and instilled into their youth ful hearts will exercise a powerful influence for good, and enable them to walk in the path of justice and holiness all their days, and secure for them an eternal crown of glory in the next life. Duly impressed with this truth, dearly beloved brethien, and having been placed as a watch man on the towers of Israel, I turned my first thoughts, even before 1 left my. native land and took my departure for these Australian shores, to the best interests of your children by en deavouring to provide for all classes the great blessing of a sound Catholic education. From the time I have been appointed your Bishop nothing has been nearer or dearer to my heart than the training of your little ones in the fear and love of God, and I obtained a promise from a religious Community of nuns who had rendered signal services in Dublin to the cause of educa tion, that they would come and assist me as soon as a suitable residence could be procured. You are aware that a few days after my arrival a house well adapted for .the purpose was secured without much difficulty, and on very moderate tenris. It is unnecessary for me to say that the promise made by the good nuns has been fulfilled, and you have now amougstyou a m6st ?'efficient community oi the sj.sjier3 oi St Dominie, '*wno have abandoned iiorae, fueud8. and country-, and have come to Maitland determined to devote $heir energy, their talents, and their labors with your, z^iilous clergy in establishing and promrtt lag Catholic education in this diocese.' It will 'be your duty now, my dear brethren, ; to .avail yourselves of the great advantages offered to you by the Convent of St. Mary and St. Laurence O'Toole, and to send your children to their schools, in which, together with a literary educa tion suited to their position in life, they will receive a religious fcrainiug that will iit them to meet the dan geis, and difficulties of the world, and make them good Catholics, obedient daughters, affectionate, wives, and prudent and tender mothers. I am anxious too, as I suggested during my visitation of the Northern District of the Diocese, that parents who have friends residing in Mait land would place. their children under their care, so that t-hey might have an opportunity of at tending rhe schools conducted by fche sisters of St. Dominic, and receiving a good education, they will mak« available for the benefit of the other children in the, district, and thus be the means of diffusing Catholic principles and a Ca tholic spirit among our people even in the re mptesb corners of the diocese. ? Would to God, my deai brethren, I could ?acMrsss you in the same encouraging words as to the number of priests labouring for your wel fare in the diocese. It is my misfortune, bufe not my fault that J. have not beeii able aa yet' to procure a sufficient number of clergymen to minister to your wants, bufe I trust, with the blessing of God, aud by the arraugements made in Ireland, in a short time 1 shall be able to supply that deficiency. Rust assured that no thing shall be wanting on my part to attend to your hidi interests, while I shall have to rely on your generosity for the support of the clergy, which E ara sure will be cheerfully given. I am ; now more than a year amongst you, I came a stranger to you and. to the clargy of the diocese, and during that time J have received the most marked kindness, and the warmest co-operation, in everything 1 undertook for tho good of reli gion. I must say in justice to tho clergy that they undertook duties which were beyond their strength, and which I cannot expect them to continue to perform ; arid you, my dc-ar children, ; for thoir nntiring labours and great sacvilice I made in atfcenrling to your spiritual intere-ts. ! In this spirit I ask you to joiu me in approciat jiiig their services and in doing your utmost to ? render their labours light ami agreeable and in I ; co-operating with tliem in everything chey sha,!l :underfcak'j for your welfare and the advancement of. our holy religion. You cannot give a more practical proof of your gratitude and affection than by your docility in listening to fcheu in structions, and uniting with them heart and soul in the great and ardupu^ struggle in- which we avd now compelled to engage' for freedom of edu cation. For Uli'e ' purpose v of ?? giving : ?assistance to th» clergy and repairing the evilB which exist, OW' ' ing to the small number of priests, '-and of arous ing to a sense of duty those- who are almost loBt' to our holy faith in consequence of mixed' marriages, _which have done irreparable mischief ' in some districts, I am very happy, to announce that owing to the kindness ef the. Superior oif the Marist Fathers at Villa Maria, 1 hope to ' send one, and perhaps two of his priests to the ' various townships which I lately visited, who will give missions during the holy season of Lent and the Easter time, and afford every facility to the faithful of approaching the sacraments. But let us return to the question of education, the subject of this letter, which foe obvious rea sons at the present moment, must contain some - remarks regarding the Public Schools Act, an& the spirit which seems to animate the .Council ©fi- Education in carrying out its provisions audit various enactments. We shall then consider ix& fche first place, as briefly as we can, the Catholic doctrine on this important subject, what we Ca tholics ask and what we do not ask; --i We ahaliii consider in the second place, how the principlos of the Public Schools Act and its provisions arec antagonistic to our principles, and how by it s system of education is forced on us which i ? ? conscience we must repudiate and condemn. I am well aware that in discussing this q^ues- ? tion, I shall incur the censure of some wh. think perhaps that I ought to be silent owing my want of experience in the country, lath views I would readily acquiesce if higher int ? est« and higher claims did not impose on me obligation of speaking and of warning my peop ' ? ; against' the dangers to which their faith exposed under the Public Schools Act W rea-l in the Acts of the Apostles, that magistrates and chief priests oommanded Apostle, not to teach, and their reply was, ought to obey God rather than. man ; a Catho Bishop is appointed a ruler, a governor in Church of God, is placed over his flock to g and direct them in the ways of salvation, and he allow them to be tainted with poisonot* j doctrines he will without doubt incur the anger' of God, which ia to be feared more than that of men. The holy Catholic Church, my dear brethren,. has always and under all cirou instances, promo ted every branch of science and literature.. For this object Catholic universities and Catholic colleges were established, and schools erected by the Catholic Clergy and people in every regioa of the earth. Who dissipated the ignorance in which the masses of the people were held in the days of Pafeanism ? Who broke the bonds of the slave, at that time more numerous than freemen, andE1 left to pine away : in ignorance '-and vice? Who instituted schools for the people in every Christian country, and established so many ' colleges and seminaries, in which the torch of learning continued to bum after^ the 'downfall ? of the Roman Empire ? Who founded the great ? universities of the middle ages or modern times, and gave the greatest impulse to the study of every branch of science and literature?. From; the Catholic Church and its supreme pastors the Roman Pontiffs, and from the Catholic Clergy aided by the charity of the laity all these bless ings have been derived. But though the Church is anxious to promote education in every branch, / she repudiates any system in which education is restricted to tem poral and material concerns, and to the. acquire ment of mere worldly knowledge, excluding the all-iraporfcant interests of immortal souls, of reli gion, of eternity. The Church recalls 'to our minds the words of Scripture, ' A young man according to. his way, even when he is old, 'he will not depart from it'— Prov. chap. 22, G, and continually impresses upon children the necessity of serving their Creator from their earliest days, and of directing all their studies and other occu pations to the honour and glory of God. Do all thingB for the glory of God says the Apostle, and again, ' all whatsoever you do in word or in work, do all in the name of the Lord.' Hence the pastors of the Church never cease to incul cate the doctrine that the people have only one ? really important and necessarv business on PJirf.K the salvation of their souls. What doth it prolfit ' a man to gain the whole, world, if he lose His own soul, and if w,e are to save our souls, we can only do so by the knowledge end practice of onr holy religion and so far from banishing the hallowing influence of piety and religion from our studies and other occupations, we should 'endeavour to 'sanctify 'them by offering them to G-d and by .uniting them to prayer and pious prafienft.. ft God be nob kept continually before the ryes' 'of children, if his precept3 and doctrines lie not frequently explained to them, if they be * aught to losesight of their faith during school hours) if they liuil no mention of its doctrines in their books, they will grow up without proper reli gious sentiments. Are you, my dearly beloved Catholics of Mart land, ready to expose your children to such dan gers ? Are the Catholics of New 'Sout'i Wales ready to a-cept a system of -duc i.t:on cot demned by the pastors of the Catholic Chun-h ? The theory of our opponents and of t!,e Council of Education, if I understand it rightly, ia that persons of all reWons,. Allans .denying thp divinity of Chvi-r,. Baptists rejecting tlio purify ing laver of wj.ter and thu Holy Ghost, Calvin ists -who hold, ttiat God has created a great portion of mank'nd for the purpose of 'condemn ing them, Rjiti-'n;ilists who deny the mysteries and miracles, Ji.:ws, Mahnmiiiedan'e,' and' Catho- lics who condeum all thoso heresies' atid errors a hould all be mi kc- 1 together iu the sain e pchoola^ under masters ot every religion and -no religion^ 'and in order to pirvont such discordant element* from coming it/-;- collision, all mention of thQ M«(:uliar. tenets --! .my denomiuation should be ..oanisnetl. . Lt t\v -u- three of tho pupils attendi ii^t the .public soi- ool-i were the children ? ofi ; infidels who did n, it believe in the ex st;nce o£ ;God, and: .the child! eii themsohej adopted; the opinions' of their paveiits; Svith what coiihiatency' could Dr. Whatoly's Lessons be expounded to them ? Would not tke very fact of explaining such lessons be an insult to the young infidel 'who rejects all revelation, because he .rejects God who is its author? In school hours the master is not to speak of religion, the books are to inculcate no special. religious doctrines, to mention the name: of the Holy Mother of God, to speak of the Catholic Church or its supreme head would be an abomi nation, a crime deserving of the severest ptsniah ment. . But perhaps I am wrong in supposing that re ligion is to be banished from the schools altoge ther. Some vague undefined system of religion excluding all mysteries and all the principal points of Christianity is introduced. A system of this character is simply absurd and cannot have any existence save in the imagination of those who conceived the scheme. It was intro duced for the purpose of saving the mixed sys tem of education from the charge of being God less, and this in itself proves how futile is the attempt to separate education from religion, since its promoters by the very necessity of the case are obliged to include what they call gene ral religious teaching as distinguished from Dog matical or Polemical Theology. You are not to expect me to explain what these terms mean, for at once confess my inability to comprehend 'them. There is no point common to us all, and hence that clause has not and cannot, have any foundation in fact, and the promoters of the Public Schools Bill perverted the common use of language by making secular mean religious, al though the word secular when applied to educa tion is used always in contradistinction to the word religious. But this is not the only incon sistency in the Public Schools Bill. It is indeed a mass of inconsistencies, which are already being developed by the working of the system, and which will in a short time exhibit the dangerous principle on which the Bill is based. For in stance when the Bill was being discussed in both houses of Parliament, every one thought that DenomLnational Schools were really meant as such, but a few words adroitly introduced into the Bill quietly but efficaciously abolished them whilst the name Denominational was preserved and dust thrown in the- eyes of simple minded people. It is, I think, clear that the system now administered by the Council, of Education whe ther it means secular simply, or implies ao un defined system of religion, is opposed to our con scientious views. But we must proceed a little further and examine the Catholic view on educa tion more closely. All Catholics throughout the world, to use the words of the Ecumenical Coun cil of Florence, believe that the Roman Pontiff is the successor of St. Peter, the Vicar of Christ the head of the entire Church, and the father and teacher of all Christiaus, and that to him was given, in the person of Peter, by our Lord Jesus Christ, the full power of deeding, directing, And governing the universal Church, The same duties, the same powers, the same privileges that were entrusted to Peter, are now exercised by the present glorious Pontiff, who rules the entire Church in virtue of the words addressed by Christ to Peter, 'Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church and I wi,U give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, feed: my lambs, feed my sheep. ' Now what does thej present, Pontiff, Pope Pius the 9th lay down for our guidance and for the instruction of all his , children spread throughout the entire world on this important subject. In the year 1664 he published a series of propositions which he had condemned and reprobated on various occasions. I insert those which refer to the subject of edu cation. The forty-fifth is as follow : 'XLV. The entire government of publiov schools in which the youth of any Christian state is educated, except (to a certain extent) in the case of episcopal seminaries, may and oug'fct to appertain -to the civil power, and belong to it so far that no other authority whatsoever shall be recognized as having any right to interfere in the discipline of the schools, the arrangement of the studies, the conferring of degrees, in the choice or approval of the teachers.' The forty-aeventh adds, 'XLVI1. The best theory of civil society requires that popular schools open to the chil dren of every class of the people, and, generally all public institutes intended for instruction in letters and philosophical science, and for carry - ing on the education of youth, should be freed from all ecclesiastical authority, control, and in terference, and should be fully subjected to the civil and political power, at the pleasure of the rulers and according to the standard of the pre valent opinions of the age.' The forty- eighth btars on the Bame subject, ' XLV11I. Catholics may approve of a system of educating youth, unconnected with Catholic faith and the power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things and only, or at least primarily, the ends of ' earthly social life.' . . ' From the persual of these propositions, it is evident, that our Holy Father tho Pope, 1st condemns the doctrine which holds that the management and government of Publio Schools, aught to appertain to the civil power. 2nd ; In the same proposition he condemns the principle which goes ao far as to say that no other autho rity whatsoever can have any right to interfere. ? 3rd. He reprobates any system of education, which withdraws the training of youth, from the 'authority of the Church, and does not recognise any right in the pastors of the Church to :control the discipline of the School^ tho - management of the studies, the use of books, the appointment and dismissal of teachers. ?xuu. . in buc »ovu |jiruuuHitiKiu uaj wills ua inixi no Catholic can approve of what is called secular education, which restricts itself to the acquire ment of merely earthly things and does not teach religion. He condemns that knowledge which, is declared by Scripture to be earthly, sensual, devilish ; in one word he condemns the mixed system of education, which necessarily must exclude the religious training of any particular denomination, lest offence might be given to the children of other denomination. Now if you reflect for a few moments on these propositions, and consider the clause of tho Public Schools Act in relation to them you,- must be struck with the wonderful coincidence and the marked similarity that exists between the principles of the Public Schools Bill and the principles repro bated and condemned by the Holy Father. Only that the Holy Father had published .the series of propositions in the year 1864* /.one would fancy that he had before his eyes^the Public Schools Act, and wished to call the special attention of the Catholics of New South Wales to the pernicious principles which it contains. But another alternative just occurs to me, possibly the promoters of the Public Schools Bill being obliged naturally to give their deepest attention to the subiect, . had .before them the condemned propositions pf the JOEoly Father, and in their bill asked th& Catholics of New South Wales to approve what he con demned, and to accept at their hands, what the head of our Church and bur supreme guide in the matters of religion, commands us to repudiate and reject. It is not unlikely that the Hon. the Colonial Secretary who in his elaborate speech introducing the Public Schools Bill, enlightened the people of New South Wales as to the system of education adopted in Prusia, Holland, and even in Norway ana uenmaric may nave naa tne condescension to examine the method ef education adopted in Rome, not of course with the view of adopting any of its provisions, or of receiving any light from poor benighted Rome, for that would, be too much to expeet, but rather with the view of ascertaiaing what would be most objectionable to Roiuan Catholics, and asking them to cast aside the authority of the Pope and the Catholic Church, and to receive with all humility ^.and submission the infallible and irrevocable decrees of the Public Schools Bill. ' : The Roman Catholics of this colony would not be disposed to give the Hon. the Colonial Secre tary the trouble of travelling to Prussia, much less to Norway and Denmark, nor would they ask him to go to Rome, but they would feel much obliged to him if had given a little more atten tion to the Privy Council system that exists; in England, hia own country, and apply it to New South Wales, a system which I submit with all deference to him is a good system, which' blended' with religion and hallowed by its benign influence has given satisfaction in England, and promoted peace and charity among the people, while the Public Schools Act has already ^com tnenced to create ill feeling and is likely to sow the embers of discord in thiB colony. He would thus have satisfied the just demands of Protes vaui/Y auu vjatmmuB, aim arouse oiiiy sne indig nation of an insignificant number of Wesleyans who under the present Public Schools Bill, are bidding fair to assume into their hand the entire education of the colony if indeed the report be true, and I cannot vouch for its accuracy, namely, that out of 44 teachers in training, 40 are Wesleyans, 3 Roman Catholics, and I Church of England. It is not necessary for me to say more on the principles of the Public Schools Act, they are .precisely the same as. thoBe condemned by the Pope, therr identity cannot but strike atiy reflec ting mind, and our Holy Father the Pope tells us that the principles condemned by him ttrVrop poaed to the Catholic doctrine, to Catholic inter ests, and to Catholic rights, and it therefore follows that by the Public Schools Act a system of education is forced on us which in conscience ? wv) riiusf repudiate if we wish* to be true children of the Church, and which we cannot accept or 'approve '.without incurring the terrible censure pronounced by our Redeemer himself, JMIe that will not hear the Church, let him be to thee as a heathen and publican,' and again, ' he that heareth you, heareth me, and he that de spiseth you, despiseth me.' I have before me a copy of the correspondence between the Council of Education and the Very Rev. the Vicar-General of His Grace the Arch bishop of Sydney. The Vicar-General in a letter dated 24th August 1867, on the subject 'of the books to be used in Denominational Schools has the following words in paragraph? : 'Ob'jerving, therefore, that, although section 9 » does submit Denominational Schools and Public Schools to the same course of secular instruction, it doos aot require the same books for the teaching of that course,— and further, that it does expreBsely give power to modify regulations ia any degree not inconsistent with the Act.-— His Grace trusts that the Council will -.be disposed, in accordance with the liberal intfch tions expressed in their letter, to exempt Roman Catholic Schools from the operation of any regulation that may interfere with- hooks, in respect of theiir religious matter. Such- an ex einntion is nob only inconsistent with the Act. but is the only means of administering it consistently with cither letter or spirit.' To this request the following reply was seat oa 6th September, to the Vicar-General, inforrt ing him and h'is venerable ! Archbishop, 1st, that the Council and no other authority what ever shall defiue the course of secular instruc tion. 2. They threaten to withdraw the certificate from the schools if the teachers in all certified Denominational schools under his Grace are not instructed to receive and use the books for secular instruction which have been sanc tioned by the Council. I insert paragraphs 8 and 5 of this letter. . '3. In Denominational schools, the course oft secular instructions may be modified so as. to afford time for the religious lessons and bbser. vances which ;the Heads of the Denominations coueider i.'. necessary _ to introduce^. . bat even these modifications must be in harmony with the express provimonB of the Act ; and it is expressly provided, by the aeptione of the Act already cited, thai the Counoil, and no other authority whatever, shall define the course of secular instruction, and tha same course shall be adopted in both Denominational and Public Schools. '5. It boing manifest, therefore, that the vww, of tho law taken by the Council of Education ia' supported by tho rarliamoafe that made the law, I ota dirooted to invite tho attention of Hie OfaootSMArekUdMvt* fi«flnktioa 15, aOwady quoted, in; order5 that the'teachers in all Certified' Denominational Schpols under His Grace may^ be, instructed to receive and use the books for' secular instruction which have been sanctioned by the Council. It will be observed by thje 11th Regulation, division 2, that the certificate may be withdrawn from any school for an infringe ment of the Council's Regulations ; and it will be impossible for the .Council to set the example of disobedience to the law, by neglecting to en force one of the most important provisions of the Act which have been entrusted to administer.' Here, my Beloved Brethren, the gentlemen of the Council of Education declare that they and no other authority .are' to define the course of secular instruction, and we have on the other side our Holy Father the Pope, to whom the power of teaching all nations was given by Christ, and whose authority is acknowledged by two hundrod millions, of Catholics throughout the world, whom we all venerate and respect, as our father and teacher, condemning the state ment made by the Council, and warning ub that we cannot approve or accept any system of education unconnected with Catholic , Faith and the povrer of the Church, and this defi nition which the gentlemen of the Council nf VAuosihinn Tirrmmir»r-fl with RH-Vh solemnitv is not issued to the teachers of the schools nor to the Catholic laity of New South Wales, but to show their great power arid authority they pre sume to tell the venerable head and founder of this Australian Church, a man who has done more for the educational advancement of this colony than will ever be accomplished by the Council of Eduction with their £90, 000 per annum at their back, that he has no right to point out to his flock the course of Becular instruction, or the books which they are to use. Behold,' my dear brethren, the question at issue between us Catho lics and the Council' of Education. They tell us we must receive secular education at their hands that is, education without religion. The Holy Father, and with him all true Catholics proclaim that education without religion cannot be ap proved. We the Catholic Bishops, Clergy, and people of New South Wales accept the issue, and trusting in the protection of God and the ever Immaculate Virgin, whom all generations shall call Blessed, notwithstanding the words of vituperation and contumely lately used in her regard in the House of Assembly during the debate on the education question, we join heart and soul with the Venerable Archbishop and tho Qatholic clergy and people of Sydney in advoca ting and defending the principles of the Associa tion lately formed in that city for the promotion of religion and education, and in asserting our right to educate our own as we think best and in accordance with the laws of God and of his ' Church. We are aware that in taking this step we are engaging in a great and- difficult work, but with us Catholics it is a question- of life and death, and to use the words of a distinguished and holy Ecclesiastic writing from Rome to a prelate in this colony. ..;.;' ' We should never consent to the mixed sys-| tern or *ny other system of education which treats Catholic children aa if they were the^chil .dren of infidels. It is in %Iie school that ther young mind is formed and the religions .or indifferent impressions made which will charac terize the fervent or bad Catholic during his life. So it is a question of life and death for the Ca tholic body.' We are, I repeat it, engaging in a great and difficult work, but we are only fol lowing in the footsteps of our forefathers' who sacrificed every thing, for conscience sake, and lost all their worldly goods in order to preserve their faith and secure for themselves an im perishable crown of glory. We are simply doing;,, what the Catholic Clergy and people of South' Australia have after a trial given to the mixed* system in. that colony, undertaken, namely to form an Association tinder the protection of St. Joseph for t.he'promotion of Catholic education aud the erection of Catholic sehools. But I must return ^to the letter of the Secre tary of the' Council of 'Education to Dr. Sheehy, which I was examining. 'The Secretary of the Council, by their direction of opuise, throatsna the withdrawal of the certificate, if the books r prescribed by the Council are not received and' used. Now what are the facts of the case. The books were accepted by us under protest, or ra ther we allowed the teachers to apply for them, and though the application was made long since, in some instances ao books were given by the Council, in other instances only a few were sap plied, so that the Council held out a threat of withdrawing the certificate for not using the books, which it was practically impossible to use inasmuch as the Council or rather the Bookseller had not the books to supply. I do not complain of the Council for not having the books, for in deed it would give ma pleasure to hear that they were never to come, but I complain of the tone of this letter addressed to the Vicar- General, I fully sympathize with the Secretary in his im mense labours, and the Bookseller, who 1 sup pose is ntterly unable to supply all the books required in a day or ia a yoar, but I would ex pect that the' Council would have the same con sideration for us by not insisting on a precipi tate and hasty adoption of their rules and regu lations until at least they do their part, and place within the reach of the teachers the means which, by the Public Sohools Act they are bound to supply for the observance of the rules and re gulations. Indeed I Should not advert to this matter 'at ' all only, that I have be«n informed tha^in the report of inspection of the schools, draw^nupin the Observation Book, tho fact is , noted down that forbidden books are in use in the school and thereby an imputation is cast on tne teacnera wxjllo the Council of Education and not the teachers are in fault. I nhall pass over the injustice done to teachers in other respects and to Roman Catholic Denominational schools, so ably and ao honestly stated by Mr. Alexander Gordon, to whom we (owe the deepest debt of gratitude for his excellent letters on Public edu cation. I new eoiae U ttha eooaklaratiom ef tho Public Schools which I feaouaoe a* mm» as proaelyti«A! b( eftocfe AM onset fe«*to onnkmbo* ¥? to-' querited by Catholics. The. Catholic . Bishop of I Bathurst in his tour of visitation^ warned parentn I as in duty bound not to 'send .their children to the1 Public Schools, for the very good reason that books were prescribed for use in these -schools,-' which were compiled by their author for the avowed purpose of protestantizing the Irish people. Immediately some writers withV a laud, able zeal perhaps, but not wisely anxious to pro tect the fair fame of Dr. Whately proclaimed such an assertion a calumny. Again the Hon. Mi. Plunkett in the Legislative Council, was . severely censured, because he made an honest cleclaration''fully warranted by the Archbishop's letter to- his former pupil in Oxford, and hia bosom frieud through life, Mr.. Senior/ Vn- happily for the Archbishop's fair fame this letter has been- published by his daughter from the authentic documents' which she had in her possession. ?- I shall not trust my feelings to characterize the statements of Dr Whately as they deserW, butt will lay before you the opinion of one' of hia flock, an Irish Protestant. I mean Sir John Gray, M.P.;'. the distinguished representative of Kilkenny City, who took a leading part in tho debate on National Educationj last August in the House of Commons, London. Here are hie words: — ; 'It. may be asked why are the Catholics so sensitive on this point, and so desirous to have denominational education. The story is too long to tell. I will however give the house onfe recant and painful occurrence, which will satisfy the most prejudiced that they are not atixious without causa to be free from the prevailing superstition of our statesmen as to the united ! system. Every man who knew the fame and character for learning, and wit of; the late Arch bishop of ^Dublin, Dr. Whately, respected Mm, arid must regret the new phase his character as sumed since the publication of the memoirs of that prelato by-his daughter. His position in con nection with the Education Board is a matter of history. He was the life aud soul of the system ; he compiled its books ? was the acting chairman^ was the working man iot the board. He ac quired, however, by his assumed liberality, the confidence of many Catholic bishops and ecclesi astics, and was, in fact, the trusted friend of the principle of non-interference with the religion of the pupils. The Archbishop, when in Oxford as. Mr. Whately, was the tutor of Mr. Senior. He becauie in time professor of political economy, in which he was succeeded by his former pupil. H& was then translated to Dublin. Thus so related they had close intimacies, few secrets, aba 'the - most open unbounded confidence iu each other. When Dr. Whately was head of the 'united system' — the non-intierf ering system— his friend I asked how he accounted for the many reported § conversions to Protestantism then said to have .1 taken .place in Ireland, especially in the westj of I Ireland? The moving soul of the 'unijted' fj system unbosomed his' inner thoughts to his ? § friend. His- friend recorded ''the' i Opinions of the m chairman of the board in his diary, and when M the head of the board was no more, his daughter M published these secret machinations and thoughte !? to tne world as the palliation for tho : ; assumed g liberality of her father. .To me'as :'a' Pro'tesiant, I tho fact developed in this episode is deeply paia- I f uJ, but it is part of the system, and the mora 1 fully it is known the better; and F^think, this.. I housa will admit that it burnishes abundant I cause for Catholic distrust in the jnixture, and I for Catholic desire to have a free denominational I syStem, which hypocrisy cannot betray ?? or i deceit undermine. The following is the confes- I sion of the Archbishop as published by his own 1 daughter: — 1 'Thegreatinstrument of conversion, hewevety § is the diffusion of Scriptural knowledge. For I twenty years large extracts from the new 1 tesiament have been read in the majority of th* I national schools far more diligently than that 1 book is read in ordinary Protestant places !of. | education. But these extracts contain so much 1 that is inconsistent with the whole spirit of 1 Romanism that it is difficult to suppose that a I person well acquainted with them can be a § thoroughgoing Roman Catholic. Tho principle 1 upon which that Church is constructed, the I duty of uninquiriag submission to its authority, I renders any doubt fatal. A man who is com- 1 manded not to think for himself, if he finds that I he cannot avoid doing so, ia unavoidably led to; 1 question the 'reasonableness of the command. . 1 And when he finds that the Church Which ? 1 claimBa right to 'think for him has preached m doctrines, some Of which are inconsistent, and f| others are -opposed to what he has read in the- ji Gospels, his trnst in its infalibility— the founda- 1 tion on which the whole system rastfi— is at an i end. Such 1 believe to be the process by wMcli 1 the minds of a lar^e1 portion of the Roman- 1 Catholics have been prepared for the reception. I of the Protestant doctrine*. The education § supplied by the national board is gradually undermining the vast fabric of the Irish Catholic Church. Two things only are necessary on the part of the Government. One i's Unit iti adliore rssolutely not only in its measures but in its appointments in the selection*} 6i Bishnpa, as well as in making Parliamentary grants-r to the - system of mixed education. '. I believe, I said the other day, that mixed education is gradually \^ enlightening the minds of the people, and if we give it np, we give up the only hope of weaning, tho Irish from the abuses of Popery. 'But.T' cannot venture, openly to profess tins opinion, - I cannot openly support the education board a» an instrument of conversion. I have to fight, my battle with one hand, and that my beat, tied behind me. ? ' .1 ask the house to mark the esntunents in the last paaaaga. The great liberal archbishop waft; working all the while as the underground agent of a proselytizing policy. His aims wore to wean the Irish people from the old faith of their fathers, and Be calls on the Government to persevere in the policy — to sustain the united system — to prostitute the mitre by oonfarringifr only on advocates of that system — to sustain the publio ssmnto, . and all to man the youth of ' ?4 . .'m ?? - .(Continued from page ^). . , ?IrelanU ? surreptitiously from , the ' abnsefl of '?'',' Popery/'- Can you wonder, then| if, with this new revelation of an unexpected treachery in .their hands, the Catholic people desire to be freed for ever from this system? Ought : you not rather feel surprised that, aftor such a gross ' betrayal, they could ever again give their trust, .their affection, their confidence to any man professing the same faith,, leat, perhaps,1 he, too, should go and do likewise.' 'Nn wonder that Sir John Grav would feel a sense of shame which I am sure was shared by all honest English and Irish Protestants, who ! were listening to his eloqnent and powerful , speech on National., Education, and I dare say he would have felt a still greater shame if ; r other passages had fallen under his notice. ; The Archbishop was President of the -'Society : for .protecting the Eights; pf Conscience,' and he tells , us what are the objects of the society. He declares that the ; Government Anmst do two things, one is to adhere resolutely to the system ?; of mixed education. ' The other is, I quote from Miss Whately's memoirs of her Father — ; -Vol.5?nd,pago245.) ; ' The other iB that it afford to the converts i the legal protection to which every subject of the Queen is' entitled but which all her subjects do ' not obtain in Ireland. . Some of the persecutions to the law.' It cannot, force the Roman Catholics to associate with them, or to employ, them; or to -deal-with them. . . . - It cannot protect them from, moral excommunication. ,.To miti gate, if possible to remedy, .those sufferings is the business of our society ; and I hope that, as soon as the public is aware of its necessity, we shall obtain funds enough to enable us to per form it. But good legislation and good admi nistration, good laws, good magistrates, and a good police,, are all that is wanting to vprotect the converts from open. insults,, injuries to thejr, properties, assaults, and assasination. This pro tection the State cag, give to them, and this pro ?ihey do not now. obtain.' In pages 240 and 241 of the same volnme I wad the following words : — 'The, Roman Catholic clergy were not sparing of their persons— they lived, and a great many of them died, among the sick; but the habit of that clergy is never to give ; there is a division of labor between them and the laity— they take faith, aad the laity good works. A great part of them, indeed, during the famine, had nothing to give ; they starved with their flocks, when their flocks ceased to pay dues, but others had means of their own, and many of those who took part in the distribution of the government money or of the English subscrip tions, helped themselues out of funds which passed through their hands to what they con siaereu w oe wie smoum aue 10 inem irom *ne people. But no part of the revenues, however obtained, found ita way to the poor. Their in comes were spent before it, and as they are now «pent — on themselves, or hoarded . till they could be employed in large subscriptions'' to ohapel or convents.' ' _ It is difficult, for'a Catholic laihd more 'especTalfy for an Irish Catholic to suppress his feelings on reading such passages. ..The Catholic clergy of Ireland are branded as robbers and assassins, and though het admits the fact that the' Irish priests starved with their (locks and lived and died with tErem like good:and faithful shepherds aud did not abandon them in the hour of danger, in the time pf pestilence and disease, as the hire ling does who seeks his own comfort and ease, he admits it because the fact is unquestioned and unquestionable, but he admits it in one line that he may inflict a more deadly wound in the following line by giving utterancs to the grossest and basest calumny that waB ever penned by man, namely, that many of the Priests of Ire land who took part in the distribution of money for the relief of the suffering people appropriated to themselves a s^are of the funds. It was my privilege, while^an humble priest in Dublin, during the last'ten years, to act on committees composed of Clergy and Laymen of all denominations, and jprgapized - in Dublin for thp. rftliftf of the sufferine ueonle of Connaui»ht and «£her poor districts in Ireland, and we . all acted in the same spirit of benevolence and cllarity which I am proud to say charac terized all classes of people in New South Wales without distinction of race oi:- creed, in the late calamitous and disastrous Hoods that brought desolation to the homes of thousands in this colony. While Dr. Whately casts such imputa tions on the Irish Priests, perhaps I may be allowed to .ask how much of the large income of £20,000 a year wrested from the Catholic Church of Ireland, which ho enjoyed as the Protestant Archbishop of Dublin for bo mauy years, was expended ou thy distressed people in the years of famine? I do not speak of the sums of money which he antl his family are said to have, devoted to tho wickei purpose of perverting the Irish people and destroying the faith of poor Catholic pkildron. Again on what principle of justice did he continue to enjoy that large income, if tho, charge lie true, and ife was repeatedly made and never contradicted, that he was a rank Rationalist, aud did not believe ia the fundamental doutrim-3 of Christianity? Again, is it not a face that when consulted on the subject some years ago by the now famous. Dr. Coieuso, he. permitted polygamy to the converted to Protestantism on the African coast of Natal? Behold, my dear Brethren, the liberal and high minded man who is to give your| children scriptural education. He was liberal to ' laxity and so high minded that neither scripture nor the kigh position whteh he held in the Protes tant ' hurch, could restrain him from doing away with aome of the fundamental doctrines of Christianity, ''m the year 185', long bofore the. 'real character of Drf. Whately was k«oyn, the' Scripknre lessons now in qae/in the Public. Schools of New South Wales, weVe condemned by the illustrious pre late the great champion of Catholic Education ia Ireland, now Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin, ? and by the other Bishops of the province of Dublin. In consequence of this condemnation . the Scripture lessons were withdrawn, and Dr. Whately, disappointed and defeated in his great project of weaning tho Irish people from the abuses of Popery, had to resign his seat on the board together with two of his'supporters, and in liberal New South Wales, in this free country, the gentlemen charged with the education of the eutire colony enforce the use of these same lessons in the Public Schools, after it has become a well known fact that they were compiled for the avowed purpose of perverting the Iriah, people. I have now done with Dr. Whately, bub not with the scripture lessons; for I have to ask one question. Wore the gentlemen of the Council of education aware of this fact, or were they not ? If they were aware of it what in fatuation came over thorn to enforce the use of these bookB, condemned by the Bishops and rejected with scorn by the Catholics of Ireland? ^ If they were not aware of it, then in God's name and for the honor of the colony, let these gentlemen retire for a while, to learn and acquire some knowledge of the duties of the high and responsible position which they fill, and for which they show them Belves so utterly incompetent and so unfit. Already so many blunders have been commit ted by the Council that I cannot help giving them this advice. For instance,- at first they required the use of Scripture lessons in all Deno minational as well as in the Public Schools. In a short time tho order was reversed, and we were told that we need not use them in our Ca tholic Schools, but the decree is irrevocable in regard 'to the Public Schools, which are to be in spite of the world proselytizing schools. If we had reason to object to the use of the Scripture Lessons, explained by a Catholic teacher in our own schools to Catholic children, it does not require, more than ordinary intilligence to Bee that we have much stronger grounds for object ing to vhe use of the same- Scripture LeBSons in Public Schools in which they will be expounded to Catholic children by Protestant, Presby terian, Wesleyan, -Methodist, Episcopalian, and Congregationalist teachers. The Bishop of Ba thurst has put our view on thia particular point ho well that I hope I shall be excused if I give his clear and frank statement. In a speech de livered at Dubbo. he used tlie following words : — Well as I called your attention to an instance of the Herald' 's logic, I will conclade by drawing your attention to a fact. The Herald As', the leading newspaper of the colonies — the limes of New South Wales. On the 28fch of thin month it treated you and me, and numerous readers to a column and a-balf of pure, unadulterated Wesleyanism. I am speaking publicly; and I invite any one to take up that article, and say if it is not devoid of argument, and merely an exposition of the ideas on education held by the particular sect to which the writer of it belongs. Now, if the Editoi of such a paper as I stated the Herald to be, expresses to men of intelligence and matured minds his own sect's peculiar views on the question of education, what can be more reasonable than t».' ''suppose tlnri--«: Wonlajiaji, . Pre9Sy¥eriau, 'or Episcopalian teacher will, on the authority of the 20th clause of the School's Act, impart to the children under his care hie own religious opinions ? Gentlemen, I will tell you what will be the real result of this clause. ' Wherever there is a Wesleyan teacher in a school \ — and what I say of Weeleyans may be said of ?'? every other sect— parents might jusfc as well send 1 their children to the Wesleyan Church as to ths-4 Public School, with this difference, howev^--* that by attending the Church they will o--tly be taught Wesleyaniam during one da# of the j week, whereas, by attending the school they will : be taught ib during the five days. /-' . j . Add to this the manifest injustice done to.Ca- i tholic teachers ia Public SclWls who are oom-ii 'polled by the Council of Education to read and h explain books condemned by the heads of their Church, and to all intents and purposes are prac- j tically told not to i's'ten to their Bishops and Clergy, but forced to become disobedient chil dren of the-Catholic Church. I did intend offering a fevr observations on tho other books of the Irish National Board, but this letter has grown out of all proportion, and besides the Rev. Mr. O'Farrell of St. Mary's, . Sydney, has so ably and with such advantage to the cause of Catholic education, set forth nofc all but some of our objections to theso books, that I leave tho matter in his hands in the hope that i ha will persevere in the good work, and- convince all enlightened aud honest Protestants that we have just grounds wibh regard to the books pre scribed for use both iu our denominational and in tho Public Schools. The most offensive things to Roman Catholics are to he 'found linre ami there interspersed, heretical doctrines sometimes explicitly propounded and' at. other times inein : uatod, and thesu ar-? the bookB which are to in struct the rising Catholic generation of ',N«w S'-uth Wales. For example, let any enlightened ' Catholic peruse the chapter to be found iu the 4th B)ok, entitled 'The Christian Salvation,' ;uui he will find iu ifc what a distinguished eccle siastic and a learned theologian oi thid colony appropriately defined a mine of errors. Now I venture to say that if all the gentlemen of the Council of Education, put their heads tcgether at one of their meetings, aaaisfcod even by their indefatigable Secretary, they would scarcely see anything but what ia right and commendable in th.it chapter. I don't blarao these gentieynbn for . their shortsightedness, but I jmSrefy refer to thia circumstance to shovr how well and efficiently the Catholics of New South Wales are represented in the 'Council of Educa tion, and how satisfied they ough'fe to be with the Catholic element and the Catholic spirijb that pervades that body. The hon. the Colonial Secretary, in his speoch of September 12th 1866, explaining the provisions of the Public Schools Bill, has the following words :-r-{I quote from his speech printed in pamphlet form). ' ?'Then it is provided that no two, of the five members of the Council of Education shaU-]»c .of ,on.e and the same religious persuasidn. Ipelieve this is in the Common Schools Acfe of Victoria, and 1 think it was a provision in the bill intro duced by Mr. Cowper ; and the object, I presume la that no undue denominational element should operate in the Council, such as might withdraw from it public confidence. Of course, if thiB orovision be carried and it become part of the bill, the Church of England, the Roman Catholic Church, the Presbyterian, and the Wesleyan will b|e represented, and there will be some gentleman selected to represent the Congregational and other religious denominations of the Protestant Church.' : * Of (Course this was all very good when there was question of passing the bill, but since ifc became the law of the land, things have changed as if by Jpagic, and no Catholic influence was allowed toliave a share in the deliberations' of th|i- Council aud of course it was quite right fhftt two Church of England men should be members of the Council of Education. I shall only add one word more on this subject and th&fc; is that the Catholics of New South Wales are not represented, but shamefully misrepre Beated in the Council and by the £Jooncil oi Education. Before closing this letter I feel called on to make a few .'remarks upon a Prelate for whom from my earliest years I was taught to entertain the profoundest veneration, and whose memory will ever and always be in benediction among the Clergy and people of Dublin for ?? the 'glorious works -which he performed in advanc ing the interests of the Catholic religion and Catholic education in that Diooese. Under his guidance, Monasteries, Colleges, Chuiches, Convents, Asylums of every kind, Hospitals and Orphanages were established and. erected, and I venture to say that apart from his connextion with the Irish National Board and Dr. Whately no Prelate in his day did more for the advancement of free Catholic educa tion than the late Archbishop Murray. I would prefer for mauy reasons that some other person! wpuld deal with this subject,. aud yet 1 must ae knowledge that no one had more opportunities of knowing the real sentiments of the late Arch bishop than I had. I resided with his illustrious Successor for more than eleven years, I had access to papers and documeuts drawn up by the late Archbishop, and there is nothing more cer tain or better established than that his views on ''the principles and sound systerans of education exactly coincided with the Catholic view. Heuce we find him at the various-meetings of the Irish Prelates, signing his name to documents and notably so to tho admirable letter condemnatory of mixed education, drawn up at the Synod of Thurles in the year 1850, and here I may observe that when that ' document . was read in the Synod, the late Arch bishop was the first to expres his approval of its contents, and he and the other Prelates signed it after a few verbal changes, not in any way affecting its sense, had boen made. Now how is all this to be explained ? He and many others became supporters of the National system in! Ireland; not because they considered it founded on sound principles, for they declared, .qpitp .the contrary in publio ^oeurr»»»ts andf Pastoral 'letters;' '-but thft^ceepteci' it on tcJ^JL for want of a betf-^' system and flsDw«™»lly because he, and-a®y looked upon the National system as a '. ««*sfc improvement on the prosely tizing syst»'al --that was carried' on in the Kildare Place Society Schools. And in truth the Jfatio»al System would have been an improve 'm,ens if .that artful man Dr. Whately, who, in the wordB of Sir John Gray, was the life and soul of the system, had not devised the impious scheme of 'perverting the Irish people, and strained every nerve to accomplish his design. It is now clear that Dr. Murray was deceived by Dr. Whately, and that a most fatal mistake wa3 committed, and '-if a proof of such an as sertion were reauired. it would be found in the fact that the opponents of freedom of Catholic education in New South WaleB are nofe ashamed to use hi3 venerable name and weight of his authority to advocate ,and propagate principles ivhicb. he never held, but repudiated and con demned on various occasions. Dr, Murray commenced his career in Ireland at a time when, owing to the operation of the ponal laws ho was obliged to go to Spain to get his Ecclesiastical education, which was to fit and prepare hira for the high and important destiny to which Provi dence had called him. And on his return and even when he was promoted to the Episco pacy, he was still aii uwvsmaucipatad Catho lic. He- saw his afflicted country gradually emerging from that deplorable and cruel bondage, in which aho lay prostrate for nearly three hundred years, when hor children for their attachment to the ancient faith, were reduced to tho direst misery by the confiscation of their pro perty in favour of English aud Scotch adven turers, and were stripped of everything they possessed and condemned to live in poverty and slavery in their native laud. Catholics did not -got all their grievances redressed at once, but still a brighter era was clearly placed before them, and every concession was accepted and wisely accepted as a step ? towards the attain ment of that full religious liberty which the Catholic3 of Ireland have not as yet secured, aud which will only be realized when the Irish Church Establishment shall be deseudowed, and religious equality and fall freedom of education proclaimed throughout the length anfl breath of the land. But things are qnifeo different here. 'Chero existed no religions' ascendancy, all de nominations wei3 on afooting of equality, and when the Venerable Archbiskop of Sydney came to this country he wa3 no slave, but. a freeman, and to use his own expression, he never thought hs would live to see himself in the rank of the bond ; so that while in Ireland gteat progress;, has been made towards tho attainment of reli gious liberty, here in N,©w South Wales we are retrograding and loosing ground. \- If L)r. Murray were in this country, he would as the illustrious . and venerable Archbishop cjf Syduey has done, vdenounco in the most aoith ing language the' Public. Sckoojjs, and cast from 'him with indignation tho fetters and eUaina I vrhich aue .attempted for the first tirnfe t$ Uo , ' ''?'?? * . ' ? 7 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^T^^i^^^^^^^^i^^^^^^^^^ct* ' '^*l fastened on hia fellow Catholics in this colony,' , '. , he would join the worthy Bishop of Goulbum ut 'r - - *-\\. -,', stigmatizing the Publio Schools as Infidel and , Pagan schools. He would never consent, know- I ' : ing what 'we know now about Dr. Whately, to receive his Scripture Lessons, and he would ' ; - condemn in unmeasured and forcible terms the ? -?[' godless, the heartleBS, the soulless, the unchria-« , ' '' tian Publio School Act of New South Wales. . ' , ' A few months ago, before his Grace th« ' Archbishop had returned from Europe, it wa» s hoped if not positively predicted by some writ©* in a leading journal of this colony that indeed --?*'' his vast experience and great moderation would . ' calm the troubled waters and moderate th» pretensions of the young and inexperienced prelates, and his own Vicar-General who in a , -' =^ paper handed to the Colonial Secretary on th» ' -''„ 21st of June last, submitted their views o^ primary education. Well the Archbishop has returned, and I suppose it is not too piuch t» . ' * ? . ' say that his Grace by his able speeches lind th« ? neble stand which he has taken, has branded the writer referred to as a false prophet^ and banished his fondest hopes and expecta* - tiona. 1 have now, my dearly beloved brethem, ia great part performed the task which I under took in writing this letter. I have stated the Catholic view on education. : 1 have shows - that the principles and provisions of the Public Schools Act are in direcfe antagonism to our views. In fact I cannot divest myself of th« idea that the Colonial Secretary really did peruse the three propositions condemned by th« ? Pope, that he might see and insert in the biH what is objectionable to Catholics. I' promised to state what we Catholics ask and what we da not ask. This is so clearly done in the state ment referred to, that I shall insert it in this ' ? ? letter. -??;??'.. Views of the Roman Catholic Bishops of New South Wales on Primary Education, as stated iu a paper handed to the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Parkes, on the 21st of June, 1867. ' The Roman Catholic Bishops of New Soutk Wales beg to submit to the Government the fol- - lowing statement of their views on Primary '\ Education in this colony. 11 In doing this they are influenced by no hoa iiiiiby wj tuo preaenc or any.ocu.er iotovernnient. r They are simply discharging a conscientious duty - / which, they owe to their flocks, whose faith they / are bound to protect. 'In order to avoid the possibility of a mis understanding respecting what they require, { -? - they beg to state, that they do not object. to tha Government satisfying itself as to the competenoy of the teachers, and ascertaining, by inspection, that they discharge their duties efficiently. - Niether do they object to the strictest supervi sion over the expenditure of the public funds. ' Iu places thinly populated they do not re- ' quire separate schools. , 'They are satisfied with one Board, pro vided it be properly constituted. ' What they require is : — ', . »- ' 1. That wherever the Roman Catholic chil dren amount to' the normal number required te -»n3tibube. a public _Hchnol. -the Roman Catholics _'— _1_ ? may estabma a separate scnp'oT wmclt^haU 09 ' ' ?' '*^ entitled to all the aid granted to public-schools. '2. 'That iu all schools '? the property of Roman Catholics, the right of appointment and. dismissal of teachers shall belom? to tka.m»nA. ' ' gers of such schools', ' ' 3. That in mixed schools tho RomanCatho lic children shall not receive religious instrme- ' ? tion, moral or doctrinal, in common with chil dren of other denominations, nor iu any cane from a teacher not of their own creed ; and that no class books objectionable to Catholics shall be used in such schools. '4. Fhafc aid be granted for the training of Roman Catholic teachers. ? 'The Roman Catho'ic bishops canr«ot co operate with auy sytom of education that does uofe recognize the preceding principles. ' 'Moreover, they feel assured that a liberal Government will admit the justice of what they - subjoin, namely.— .. ' 1. A fair representution of the Catholic body in the Council of Education. . '2. That school books of acknowledged merit aa to secular knowledge, and- approved by taa Roman Catholic bishops, should be provided by the Council of Educatiou for Roman Catholic Schools, on the same terms as class books ar* provided for other schools. ? '3. That to remove' the suspicions of prosely tism no child bo 'allowed to utteud religious in struction given in a school belonging to a religi ous denomination different from that of toe child, excapt at the request of its parent : or guarli&n.; ? ? ? '4. That the power of the Board should be executive, aod not legislative, and thus, tha queatiou of education be removed from the areaft of politics. : *'. From what has been stated, it is apparent that the Roman Catholic Bishops claim nothing for their co-religionists which they do not ad vt-c«to for every section of the Community. '' For the Archbishop of Sydney, S. J. A. SHEEHY, V.@. t MATHKW QU1NN, Bishop of Bathurst. t JAMES MURRAY, Bishop of Maitland. t WILLIAM LA N1GAN, Bishop of Gonlbarn, Two asaertions . have been made and repeated ? over aud over again in the public press, namely* :Uiafc we want to get oursharo of the public money, .destiaed for educational purposes into o,urowat t htiads. Tho assertion i» unfounded. Wo d* *? not wish to interfere in the least degree witk tlie]propor mauagooiant of the funds over whicti ? tbj© Govemmeut should exercise control, on t!x» , cofttrar y we have stated that tho Government' havo nofc only A right bo exeroioe bu» a'duty to perform, and that ia to ate that a proper and oarefdl OKpendifcure of the funds aliofced by ti&t;» publio for education, be secured. £lie other assertion is that we Roman Catho* ? Iic3 wisk to take under our ovvn management and uo.iti oi the cntuc - ducation of the colony. Tu a rliko the -other assewion; is devoid of truth ; a* ? ' (Concluded, on page 2^, . ' ' ^ 