The Nobelist. GRANTFORD GRANGE. CHAPTER XI. THE ARREST. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. IN the waiting-room of a depot of the New York Central Railroad, at a branch which passes not many miles from Pulaski, some ten or twenty passengers were collected in the dim morning light of the day succeeding that on which good farmer Oats had informed the pastor of his suspicions. Blue-nosed and cold they looked in that early hour, and sufficiently ill-tempered, as men will be who have swallowed hasty breakfasts, when the last morning nap has its greatest temptation to most sleepy mortals ; and the conversation which passed among them was neither cheerful nor amiable. "Behind time again," said a stout gentleman in a shawl. "Upon my word I'll write to the papers the moment I reach New York—if I ever do ; though my opinion is, ladies and gentlemen, that none of as will ever get there alive. Fifteen minutes' detention is enough to bring on a collision, as we all know." "Laws a marsy !" cried an elderly lady in the corner, "what shall I do ? If you really think so, sir, I'll go back hum." "No use, no use, mam," said the old gentle- man. Likely, if you do, they'll have another to- morrow. I always wind up my business affairs, and leave everything as I should wish my widow to find it, before I trust myself to cracked boilers, and rusty engines propelled over broken rails and open drawbridges by tipsy engineers." The old lady shrieked, and a middle-aged lady in the corner, addressing no one in parti- cular, remarked : "Tipsy ! A more sober, respectable set of men I never knew. My cousin Ann married one who was blown up a year after with his own engine, and left her very comfortable, though inconsolable. Tipsy! I hope that term may not be appropriate to some folks not a hundred miles hence." "Frightful accidents there are on these lines, it is true," said a man in a great coat of light purplish grey. "Judgments for using steam instead of the good old stages," mumbled a very old man. To which his son, in a red comforter and a glazed cap, replied, in an audible whisper : "You shut up, Dad, if you can't talk sense. Judgments be fiddled." "I declare, William," whimpered a pretty bride in the corner, "my shawl has been off three times, and you've let me pull it up my- self. When you were paying attention to me you used to be more attentive." "Bother !" muttered the sleepy William, "why don't you pin it ? You've waked me up again, and I was just off in a doze." "This child will have the croup certainly," said a plump young mother, surveying her infant with despairing eyes. "Mr. X., I do wish you'd see where the draught comes from ; and button Peter's little cloak, will you ? You might attend to that poor boy." "There's no place for a draught to come from," said the spouse. "You are always in a fidget about something. Next time I come to the Lakes I'll not bother myself with women and children if I know it." "There's the whistle," said one. « Ho, 'tian V said another. « Hot time for it. Your watch is wrong." "How cold." " Altogether too warm." " Open the window, will you, sirP" "I beg your pardon—l can't have it open. I shall die of chilL" At this juncture the door of the waiting room opened and two persons entered. Al though they came at the same moment into the presence of the other passengers, it was plain that they were not companions, for one of them on entering jostled the other, and, turn ing, said: "Excuse, me, sir," as men only speak to strangers. He, this speaker, was a tall, fine man, with very handsome eyes, and a well-bred air and voice. He was perfectly dressed, but had evidently recently met with some fall or accident, for bis arms and shoulders were covered with dust, and on his temple was a grazed spot from which a Httle drop of blood still trickled. Instead of joajing the group about the stove, he walked to a window at the end of the room and began to wipe the dust from his garments with his handkerchief. The other man was a totally different person —a coarse, dark-skinned fellow, with a squat, awkward figure, and Jewish futures, without the Oriental grandeur of a fine Jewish face. He had twinkling black eyes, and closely shaved hair, and was attired in a flashy, staring style, which at once attracted observation. Has hands were not over clean, but they glittered with rings, and on his bosom sparkled a stone intended for a diamond. Elbowing bis way to the stove, he stood there for a few mo ments warming his hands and back alternately, and then, with an inquisitive glance at the other new comer, crossed the room and stood beside him, with a loud— " Hurt yourself, I reckon." " Not seriously, thank you," said the other. " Lucky for you. How did you do it ?" " My horse threw me." The answer was not given in a tone to en courage further conversation, but the man who heard it was not one to need encouragement. He went on. " Praps the enjine'* scared him." " No." " Got him oat, there ?" "No." " Whafs fowr time ?" continued the sociable stranger taking out bis watch. "If I'm right, the train is behind hand." "My watch has stopped," said the other. " Cheap affair, likely," said the man, wink ing. "Don't say you bought it cheap, but cheap at first, you know, and you've been took in. I'm a judge of watches; always get a good bargain if I go with a friend to buy one, not that I'm a jeweller." The person he addressed looked out of the window, and answered by a careless "Indeed?" "Hot I," said the other. "I'm one of the partners of Jones & Co., Simeon Blix, called ffim. by my friends for short. I don't know how I come to be such a judge of gold and such things. Take it natural as brats do the \ whooping cough, I reckon. I say, that's a confounded pretty dodge, aint it ?" " To what do you allyde, sir ?" "That," said Mr. _ilix, pointing to some letters painted on a panel of the door. " That, c Out of respect to the ladies, gentlemen are requested not to smoke in this room.' Phew! • pretty dodge. If more men were like me, the cigars would come out wherever that was •tack up. Ladies—bah! ITot that Tm • wo man hater, sir." The other smiled involuntarily, and Mr. Sim. Blix, considering his last remark a glorious joke, roared loud and long. "Ko, sir" he said. "When I see a hand some gal I know it, and I let her know it, bet foar life. They say Sim. Bint is some in ladies' society, and I believe W * It's this «>»• founded plan of having to be polite to women, old or ugly, that I object to, and when I'm married I shan't let my wife boss it, neither, bet your life." The stranger regarded him with a peculiar smile, and said again : "Indeed?" "And indeed," said the comtaunicatiTe Blix, "though I am about to enter into wfiat parsons call the ' nuptial state,' for all that. I'm to be married soon, and my gal lives up north a bit. Thaf s what took me up. I went to see her. You know a white house with wings and a cu pola. Something they call a conservatory atop, and an observatory for flowers behind. Wait a bit. I don't know which is the ob nor which is the con, exactly. I'm not highfalutin, but the whole place there is. It's called " The Grange," bless you, and what with picture rooms and lib'ries, you can't And your way about without a servant Yes, my gal lives there. You look as if you'd seen a ghost. What ails you ?" In fact, the person to whom this monologue had been addressed had turned pale as ashes. His bored expression had changed for one'of deep interest, and he answered rapidly and earnestly: " I know the Grange. lam acquainted with those who live there. Your—the lady you speak of is perhaps employed in some capa city " "Ha, ha)" roared Mr. Blix; "think my gal is one of the servants, do you? Hi! I'm not offended, you know. The head cook and bottle washer is handsome enough to catch anybody. I always kiss her whenever I go there. But mj gal—bless my eyes! What d'ye My, now, to its being Gerry Osprey herself?" "Whom, sir?" " Gerry Osprey." " Miss Geraldine Osprey ?" " I««ii yes; that's good enough for you, of course. I call her Gerry. That's her uncle's place, you know." "I can scarcely believe this," Uttered the other, speaking unconsciously aloud. " 2f o ? well, she's a set up piece enough— refused all the rich men in the place, they say. But she's taken a shine to me; so / can't ob ject." v Will you remember, sir, that this is a public place?" said die gentleman, with a flash in his blue eye. " You are not aware how loudly you are speaking." "Eh? Why the duce shouldn't I speak loud?" asked the astonished Blix. "Because, sir, you are speaking of a lady whom you must certainly desire to respect" "Haven't said anything against her," said Blix, in as loud a voice as ever. " She's a jolly gal, and I don't care who knows I like her. As for 'respect to the ladies,' that's all both! When Gerry Osprey is my wife, m—" "Sir!" said his companion, growing with erary moment more indignant, "I, for one, respect all women, and this lady of whom you speak as deeply as any of her sex. I cannot hear her name uttered in such a tone in any public place." " Ton can't! who vngom F asked Mr. Blix, with his face within an inch of the other's. " I hope a gentleman." " And ain't I one ? phew! I'll bet a dollar now you are sweet on Gerry Osprey yourself— some of the trash she's give the sack to. I saw your look when I talked' about the Grange. You'd.better " The sentence was never finished. A strong right hand, that had clinched and quivered for the last few moments, did it's will at hut, and knocked Mr. Sim. Blix down. With such force, too, that he saw stars, and heard Niagaras, and lay gasping for breath upon the Bare boards. His fall brought the group, much increased in dimensions since the opening of our chapter, from the stove side, and a tumult ensued, every one talking at once. " Poor fellow! is he hurt ?" " Poor indeed! He's beeen insulting a lady. I heard this gentleman say so." "No one has a right to commit assault and battery. Our lives wouldn't be safe." "Insulting women oughtn't to be borne." " Pick him up." " Let him lie there—good for him." "I say, stranger, what did he do to you?" Ac., &c.; The victim ot the blow meanwhile slowly re gained his senses, and the giver thereof stood with flashing eye, and clouded brow, above him, as though tempted to repeat it should his antagonist rise. Just then the bell began to ring furiously, and all was forgotten in the hurry of the mo ment. People abandoned the scene of action, and flew for their bags and bundles; and Mr. Blix struggled to his feet, with an oath. "Til have my revenge!" he shouted. "ITI mark you! Look at the blood pouring from my head! It's broke, I've no doubt! Is there a policeman hereabouts ?" As though in answer to his query, even as he spoke the door opened and two men, whose calling no mortal could for a moment have doubted even in plain clothes, stood amongst them. One advanced, the other quietly locked the door. "Be quiet, good folks," he said. « You shall none of you be left behind j but no one can leave the room just now." "We can't be detained by a row between a couple of blackguards!" shouted the ill-tem pered man in a shawl. " My things is all aboard," squealed the old lady, and cries of—it's too bad! impudent, what do they mean ?" filled the room. Mr. Blix alone was satisfied. "I've got witnesses that he knocked me down," he cried; "they all saw it. Look at my head. Til give him whatever there is to give him by law. Assault and battery. I can prove it." And a volley of oaths rang on the air. The policeman listened quietly. "If this is true, it's all the worse for you," he said, addressing the gentleman who had in flicted the blow. " You are Lionel Malcolm. Don't deny it; we know you. You are my prisoner. He drew a pair of handcuffs from his pocket, as he spoke, and the other policeman opened the door. " Three minutes to reach the cars, ladies and gentlemen," he said; aid the words acted like magic. The mo* cams fern—ok their port*, mad Simeon BGx alone nissJsiiiiiii to liMn the Mane. « « The on « off, sir," mid the potinaum at the door. "Deuce take the oars," said Simeon. "I won't be hustled off. I aVt a stranger. I'm, aa 70a may say, one of the family up at the Grange. Going to marry into it. Lionel Mal colm! Hang it. The tutor, is he ? m swear to him as a blood-thirsty rascal, for one." Lionel stood quietly with his arms folded on his breast. "For what am I arrested?" he asked, in a calm tone. " I hare been guilty of no offence, unless the chastisement of this insolent brute be one. Yet your manner leads me to fancy some grave charge has been made against me." "No man is bound to criminate him self," said the policeman, who kept bis hand upon Lionel's shoulder. "But we are old hands. Gammon won't go down with ns. You know what it is, and had best not talk. It might do you harm." "What is the charge P" repeated Lionel. The policeman regarded him with the stern, cold eye of one whom much experience in eril men and evil deeds has made suspicious. "Thecharge," he said, "is the murder of your little pupil, Otho Grantford, Mr. Mal colm." "Otho Grantford!" ejaculated Malcolm; "Otho Grantford! Surely no harm has com* to the boy! Not his murder! You wish to shook me! The child is injured—ill—in danger —but not murdered f* n Your pupil, Otho Grantford, hat certainly been murdered," repeated the policeman. "On that charge I arrest yon." "You accuse me of it! me, merciful Heawn! I hare gone mad,* or this is sosne horrible dream! Who dares accuse me of that deedP Horrible! horrible! horrible!" Lionel Malcolm sank upon a bench orerr powered with emotion, hiding his fine in both hands, and Simeon Mix staled at him with a mingled look of triumph and terror on his features. " If you want evidence as to his blood- thirsty disposition," h« said. «I can give it, you know. Everybody that was in the room saw him at tack me, you know—«h P" The policeman made no answer. His was ob serving Lionel's emotion with the eye of one who asked, «Is this guilt or innocence P w —and when he spoke it was in " Mr. Malcolm, the bell is ringing. It is my duty to take you back to PulaskL If you oan promise to go with us quietly, there'll be no need of these," and he clinked a pair of hand cuffs, which he held, together. "Ishall make no attempt to escape," said lioneL " This charge is to outrageous that it will be easy to disprove it." And without an other word he left the waiting room with the two policemen. Ohaptbb HL HAOAB, THE &IPIY.; Fivz minutes after Lionel's departure, Simeon Blix had caught the down train and was on his way to Albany. He looked very pale stQl and had a terrified expression on his countenance such as one might expect to see on that of a thief who feared detection. What he feared, however, it was impossible to guess, for he sat throughout the journey quite silent; his coat buttoned to his chin ; his head bent upon his breast, and his hat slouched over his eyes. And when at last he arrived at his destination, he left the ears and made the most of every moment until he reached a row of shabby houses evidently tenanted by the poorest clan of people. There bis feet lingered and his eye wandered over the dingy numbers on the doors. "Number 9—the first room on the third floor," he muttered. " This is the place. Hope none of my acquaintances are hereabouts, for it don't look over fashionable, and I wouldn't like to be seen goin' in. Taint as if I was born a swell, and brought up one all along. I've got to fight for my stand, I have; though m have it yet." As he spoke, Sim. Blix looked around un easily and glided into the low door with a quick step. Ascending the stain, he paused at the door which came first on the third floor and knocked ; and obedient to his summons, it was instantly opened, and as quickly shut and locked again, and Sim. stood beside a tall, dark wo man, whose handsome lips curled in a smile of triumph as the two exchanged glances. " The last trick succeeded; I see that, whether lam able to read the stars or no; I see it in your eyes, Sim. They found the body." " Yes," replied Simeon Blix. "As far as I can tell, nobody doubts that the young un they picked up was Otho Grantford. If they'd an idea it was only the little tramp, Lot Absan, that broke bis neck on the tight-rope at a circus, I expect they'd have left it where they found it. But there's to be a grand funeral now, and the search will end with that. You're as safe to keep the brat as if you had him on the other side of the herring pond." " They shafn't take him from me very easy, Sim.," said the woman. "Not very. 'Tisn't that I'm so desperate fond of him—though I am proud of him, too; but I'd a right, and it made me mad enough to think of having a child of mine cooped up in brick walls and sleeping in poison in-door air. I had a time getting him too—for I had to take care I wasn't seen where I was known, though old Aggy had been up to the Grange a lot o' times tellin' fortunes to the servants, and had talked to the child 'til his head was full of running off and being a gipsy. She found out they were going to the Lake that day, and told me. There's lonely places along there, and I knew I could manage some how, but I came near missing it, for what did I do but come face to face with the young lady and the tutor. I pretended to be aaleep, but they waked me up, and I just managed to get off before the governess rode up. The girl don't know me, but she does. Old Agg had had a talk with the boy, and he had promised to find a chance to get away and talk to her. And behold, what did they do but leave him alone and make it as easy as if they wanted to help me. He came like a lamb. Says Agg: "' Well, master, would you like to be a gipsy boy?' "Says he: "'Better than anything else. I'd have no books, would I?' "' Never a book,' says Agg. "'Hurrah!' sajs he, and he came in a minute. «Only they'll cry about me,' he says, ' and I hate to make, them cry.' " He's a beauty, Sim., and like me, if Ido say it; and now I want to ask you a question. What makes you take such a mighty interest in all this? How can it do you any good ?" "Friendship, Hagar," said Sim.—'• friend ship and auld lang syne, you know." "Honsense," Hid the woman. << I bow yon, &m.Blix;, avdllkowhawmaoh yeacarefor ©tker people. Yem have • motive." "Wen, supposelhave, Hagar," repliedthe v in with your motive; you always wanted the child." " I don't know thai," said the woman ; " hot when 70a told me how he'd he brought up—a gnat gentleman, to hate his gipsy mother— and how they were setting him against me aa much as they could, my blood boiled;, and, after Fd oome to see him on the sly, and saw gipsy written all orer him, and felt he was my own and not the little white-faced thing I thought he might be, I guess I knew how a tigress feels when her young are stole from her. I ain't soft-hearted, and I hate them that do harm to me so that I could kill them and never repent it; but there's something here that tells me that's my boy." She put her hand on her heaving bosom and looked down into the fire which burnt in the grate near which they stood. Her hair, lying in great glossy waves low on her forehead, took purple gleams in the warm light. Her cheeks were all aglow, her lips pure scarlet. She was a splendid creature to look upon, and her beauty was of the kind that best suited Simeon BEx. " You're a pretty woman, Hagar," he said. " Tell me news, Sim.—do," she answered. " You are," said Sim. " I wonder you didn't I stay at the Grange, after taking all the trouble to get there. You made big eyes at the Squire and came the soft and sweet orer him; and when you was his wife why didn't you keep hold of your good luck P" " m tell you, Sim.," said the woman. «Td as lief tell as not, so don't frel flattered by the confidence. He tried to train me to perform a good deal like we do our pony in the ring. He teemed to be fond of me too; but it was, ' Hagar, ladies don't do so,' and ' Hagar, ladies "w say this,' and 'Hagar, when you're riding •it in such a fashion,' and'Hagar, when you are walking don't think you are on the tramp behind the tinkers, but take little steps like the ladies you see;' and I got wild and desperate. I couldn't mince and prink, though I oould hare loved him heart and soul, and did, when he walked with me under the trees and called me his 'queen' and his < beauty.' And first I coaxed him, and says I: '" Take me as I am—gipsy blood and bone, and put up with me.' " Then he'd grow soft again to me and say he hated the airs of the others, and he only advised me for my sake. But when the baby came—aye, it was the day they were to name it —something happened that made him angry and out he blurted: "'Old fool that Iwas to give my son a gipsy mother to disgrace him, as well as take a gipsy wife to shame me every day of my fife!'" "I made a tow that I kept then, and I shook the dust from my feet outside the Grange gates before the sun went down, and I shook off with it ail the liking I had for Henry Qxantford, and went back to the gipsy camp. I shan't leave it now likely, now Tm BfrHad's wile. But, dis grace or not, no one can say I ever forgot the words the old minister said over us, or the promise I made; and I never looked at BU nor listened to htm until Henry Grantford was in his grave. He killed the love I had for him, and never knew what it was worth; but I never forgot I was bis wife, if Iwasagipsy, amongst kin who had no great fondness for laws of any kind. I like to live in tents, and I hate walls and roofs, and this is the last night we'll sleep under one for awhile, my boy yonder and I." " Yes, he is yours, and you are going to keep him. That ought to be comfort to you," said Sim. " I'd take him away as soon as I cjuld if I was you, for nobody can tell who might oome poking along here, andOthois a hard on to manage, I have a notion, most as hard as you are, Hagar." "Now I've answered your question, Sim.," said the woman, « and I want you to answer mine. Why did you help me ?" " Ant you my half sister ?" said Sim. "Bah!" laughed the woman; «I know that, and I know you made use of it to climb up out of the gipsy tents I love and you hate. Henry Grantford, while he was fond of me, would have done anything he oould for the biggest thief of the tribe, if he was kin to me, and you knew it, child as you were, and came around him finely. You might have been tinkering in lanes and field* to-day, instead of being in the great bank, with dear knows what grand fellows, if I hadn't married as I did, but it isn't grati tude for that, and it isn't that we're the same mother, and you needn't lie, Sim. Blix, unless you do it for the liking, for I'm not to betaken in." Sim. looked defiant. "You are cute enough, Hagar," he said. "Well, Ifcitwa motive, and what's more, I shan't tell you what it is. I helped you to get the brat away, and I paid your charges down and hired the rooms for you here, and I've bought rigs for the young un, and acted brotherly enough, Lord knows. Maybe I wouldn't if it hadn t been for my good, but what's that to you? Say thank ye, or don't say it, as you Uke, and ask no questions. If s waste of breath, for you can't expect no answers. And see here, you know, if I change my mind, I could blow on you and spoil all. So get the young un away as goon as possible." The woman walked closer to Simeon Blix, and hud her hand on his arm. " Turn informer, and^ set the hounds on my track if you dare, Sim.," she said. "I know things that would " "Would whatr asked her half brother, turning pale. A crafty look stole into Hagar's eyes. She laughed softly. ' "I don't mean to tell you what," she said " Where's the use of quarrelling ? It's to your interest not to let the thing out—that's plain, and as for threats, you know a gipsy always finds some revenge, better than I tell you. You can't drive the gipsy blood out of your veins, or the memories of gipsy life away no matter where you live, Sim. Blix. WelL you have helpedme.andßol'll say thank you, and good-bye. I'll be off at daylight. Do you want to see the child ?" ««H F1L t? ke fP^P* 0 Ple*«« you," said Sim. "So—hes asleep." As he spoke he put his head into a little bed room, where, amidst the folds of an old scarlet coverlet, tossed carelessly over the unmade feather bed, lay the chuftby form of little Otho Grantford. His floating curls had been cropped close to his head, and he wore -coarse, ill-made gar ments, but nothing could greatly alter him The thought struck Sim. at once. " You'd better keep him out of eight for a year or two, Hagar," he said. " There never was but one boy looked like that, and that's Otho Grantford." "Don't wake him," said Hagar. "There, now, we ye had enough of each other, and I must sleep until the time to start, for I've a long tramp, before me, and must be fresh for it. Good night." Sim, nodded and was gone, and Hagar, without undressing, flung herself on the bed. [TO BX CONTDfUKD] 