CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. , ! i I j j (Abridged from the Goulburn Herald 1 Tur- first. Church of England synod for the diocese of Goulburn met, on Thursday, February 28, 1867. The clear and lay representatives attended divine service and parts of the sacrament at St Saviour's Cathedral in the morning and assembled for the transaction of business at 3 in the afternoon in the hall of the mechanics' institute a ?! Bishop of Goulburn presided The proceedings were opened with prayer, after which the names of the clergy and laity summoned to the meeting were called over, The Bishop then read the following Address Mr Reverend Brethren the Clergy, and my brethren the Lally. Weare here this day in a sacred synod of this diocese, in the name of Christ and by the authority of the Ii gislature, assembled, ' Our duty is to consult together, as Christian men, for the good of the Church, and the better management of his affairs within the diocese of Goulburn. I pray that the Holy Ghost may, in the words of Serin turn, put wisdom in the hearts of all the wise hearted" Ma) to preside over our meeting, baptizing our souls With Christian love and brotherly kindness, and may He enable us to promote the glory of the Divine Siviour and to extend the influence of His Church in this land. synod dignity Constituted For some years it was a cab- ject of debate and of anxious inquiry in this colony, who thor the members of the Church of England should accept a voluntary arrangement for their Church assemblies, without power in any diocese to secure the united action of the whole Church for the common good, or whether they should seek from the legislature such sanction for their Church constitutions, and Synodical meetings, and decisions, as should necessarily include in one compact phalanx, the strength of the entire Church in each diocese, and in the colony, and thus, under the authority of law, adopt re I gulations which would be binding alike upon all its members 1 or myself, I candidly confess that I rejoice at the final issue of our diocesan and general conferences I heartily congratulate you upon the fact, that the object, which our own conference unanimously desires, has been attained. I rejoice that we are consequently enabled to meet here this day, in a synod legally constituted, that the bishop and clergy) will have not merely the presence and counsel, but the authorities of co-operation of the Christian faith, in the great work of extending the admirable organisation of strict Church of England to the utmost limits of this diocese. Constitutions for the regulation of the synod were agreed upon and accepted by our diocesan conference, in Goulburn on the 10th December, 1860, These were approved in Sydney on the 20th April, 1868 by the general conference of the bishop i, and clerical and and lay representatives of the existing dio acts of the United Church of England and Ireland within the colony of New South Wales. They were subsequently clothed with legal binding force upon the members of the said Church by an Act of the Legislature " to enable the members of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales to manage the Property of the said Church," which was assented to on the lib. (October 1860, and final!) were recorded in the Supreme Court of the colony on the 29th of October, 1860 duty and iVormcM of the Diocesan Synods -Under the constitutions thus approved by the representatives of the Church and some tinned by the law of the colony, I have summoned to this first 8) sod of the diocese of Goulburn each clergyman licenced to a separate cure of souls therein, and each layman duly elected to represent his parish or district. We now enjoy, therefore, full legal power to meet in such a Synod, and therein to make ordinances in respect of It matters concerning the order and good government of the United Church of England and Ireland, and the regulation of its affairs within the diocese, including the management and disposal of all church property, moneys, and revenues not otherwise appropriated or subject to anyspcoillo trust or vested rights, to make rules for the conduct or business to call for a full account of all property belonging to the Church in the disease, or in any r arish thereof, and the manner in which it is applied or ill posed of, and the cats relish a tribunal, or consistorial court, for the trial of offences by licensed clergyman within the diocese, in reference na as well to breaches of discipline as to questions of doctrine and ritual But in one important particular we are necessarily under restraint There is no power, in it diocesan or provincial s) need. to make any alteration in the articles, liturgy, or formularies of the Church, except in conformity with any alteration which may be made therein by competent authority of the Church of England and Ireland in the United Kingdom. We shall need standing orders for the conduct of business and the regulation of our discussions, two or more scouts rica, and a chairman of committees. We must also appoint a committee of elections for trying the validity of the election of any representative, and for supplying any vacancies in the synod b) death, resignation, or any other cause. A standing committee will be the representative of the Synod during its adjournment. It may also serve as a standing council of advice to the bishop, to assist him in any matter on which he may desire its advice. This committee will require to be carefully selected at first, and to be re-appointed or re- modelled at the commencement of each session In order the better to prepare business which may be necessary to be brought Wore the first synod, I have sought the advice of such of the members as were within our reach. In this manner very effective assistance has been obtained in making the preliminary arrangements. Henceforth that duty will devolve upon the standing committee But with regard to every subject upon which the synod is to decide, let it be clearly understood that every member has a perfect right, under regulations which the synod itself may sanction, to adopt an independent course. He may introduce or discuss any topic which may be within the scope of our constitutions, and which is designed to promote the interests of the Church and the well being of her members In a diocesan synod we have no powers of legislation , but we can consult and agree upon rules of discipline for ourselves. 'The synod has no authority to interfere matters spiritual, but it is required to enforce, and put into execution, such regulations or canons as may be passed by the provincial synod of the Church in the colony, with which alone we can be legally associated. Such topics as the following will be appropriate subjects for the discussions and resolutions of the Synod - The Church Society and the Sustentation of the Clergy. The Marriage Question. The Administration of Ecclesiastical Discipline, and the Establishment of a Tribunal for the Trial of O Benbow. The Provincial Synod. The Statistics of the Diocese A Periodical Publication for the Diocese. The Question of Psalmody. A E and for Widows and Orphans of the Clergy. A Model Trust Deed. The Expenses of the Synod. Book Depot. The effects of the recent judgments in England upon the status of the Church in this colony, and the injurious consequences which would follow, if the threatened imperial legislation had become law. Upon a few only of these questions can I venture at pro sent to offer any remarks. 2he Marriage Qtteettat.-The subject of marriages will require early and earnest attention. Questions relating to banks and licenses, and like the places and hours within which marriages may be celebrated, as well as to the scale of fees chargeable for this and for other special services will under discussion. There is a disposition elsewhere to extend the number of the hours, each day, within which the celebration may take place, to recommend a definite radius of distance from a church or accustomed place of worship, and to require all marriages within such radius to be performed in such building It is a distressing fact that, of a large proportion of the population which belongs to the church, only a Ecrccntogo seek the rites of the church, and the blessing of or ministration upon their wedded life. It will be our duty to search diligently into the causes of this anomaly and in concert with the other synods of the colony, to devise an effectual remedy by reduction of fees and by other methods. You will probably request the aid of the standing committee to investigate this subject, and to bring the proceedings of this synod into parallel action with the synods of other dioceses It will be generally acknowledged, I presume, that uniformity of procedure throughout the Church of the colony will be very desirable on all questions of this nature The Church Society and the Sustentation of the Clergy - The synod will, I trust, take decisive action upon this subject. It is important for us to produce strong proofs that it is the duty of each part of the diocese, by adequate remuneration to recognise the claims of the clergy. The services which they so laboriously and faithfully render for the spiritual good of the parishes deserve a better return in many instances. " If we have sown unto you spiritual things, in it a great matter if we shall reap your worldly things It is desirable for us to keep distinctly in view the several objects which must be accomplished for the complete organisation of each parochial district and the general good of the whole diocese. _ , So far as the direct work of the Diocesan Church Society is concerned, it is necessary that it should not interfere with or suspend the proper duty of the several parishes. These should be urged to persevere in providing, up to the utmost limits of their ability, the requisite amount of stipend' for their own clergy The Province of the Church Society in subsidiary, stunt designed to undertake the duty which belongs to others, but to assist them in a more systematic performance of that. The Church Society. over and above the required amount of local stipend, needs a general fund to be placed at the disposal of the committee, a fund out of which grants may be freely) made for purposes of the following nature -I to supplement, wherever necessary, such stipend as each district is enabled to contribute for its own clergyman 2 to assist in erecting churches, parsonages, No. 3. To aid in procuring additional clergymen, when required, I his is the proper work of the Church Society. And now let us suppose that Church Society had never been called into existence. What would then have been the special duty of each parochial districts Undoubtedly to raise a stipend fund for a clergyman y to built its own Church, parsonage, and schoolroom, procure a globe, de And is each parish to do nothing for the good of others to attend only to its own wants, even presuming that it possessed the ability to make complete provision for its requirements ' I trow not. Besides, even if this were possible, it would mar the harmony of the system with which we are allied. It would introduce the idea of into pendency, and would ignore the principle of united dioceses action which underlies the whole theory of our existence .kTThTory which would encourage each member of the arch "t merely to care for his own things, but to care was replete independency; of action for fh Farnham the sustentation of the ministrations of the iv "ii however gratifying it may seem to some minds, is Stated a Pi«enYcannotRbe. « reality. Every district, in every clergyman in the diocese, has been receiving licence home without. There is not a single exception fresh, therefore, may I not claim the adoption of a At Christian principle, that all the members of the west W T& each other that each should, say of all attend to its own wants, and at the same time is not parochial independency, but diocesan oo "C'lboithcr band, if this be the case, it may be urged, should we not give full scope to this principle, and throw iii the contributions of the diocese into one common fund , second of this fund dole out both stipends to the clergy of such grants as may be required for the completion of their! organisation This theory has an inviting appear once. and at first sight may enlist many advocates But the mc local education is this- who Is to undertake the response l lily of such on obligation P Can the bishop allow himself to Minnie such a burden ' You will all answer to the undue Will the committee of the Church Society be ex- Meted to custom in The members of the committee shall attend for themselves Who then will undertake the ro "Ciitility of recommending one common fund for the ífholedlotcíoF If there be any courageous enough to under date the task I trust they will first be Prepared to supply crlorrocure, under the hand and seal of competent per it on. and in a legal firm, adequate guarantees for the col lid knot all the necessary funds from each part of the staccato for three or four years and for the prompt payment to the committee of the society of all deficiencies in the fund «tthoclotoof each quarter of each year finds an arrangement would be delightful, and would be great relief to the Bishop and to the committee of the Church Society But my fears exceed all the hopes is with I can possibly indulge of the accomplishment of any time to good and therefore I am brought back naturally to the practicable and the possible in connection with this scene! My own experience leads me earnestly to hope, and fervently to pray that, while all make tffirU to bear Itur own burden, they will likewise help to bear one stellar s burden, and so fulfil the law of Christ Let us not be wise above that which is written. Let each parish have its own district and separate fund for the stipend of iii own Here, void through the Church Society And at the same time, let it contribute according to the ability sighted giveth to the general objects of the society for the common benefit of all the districts according to their main necessaries I must intimate my belief that, unless we can obtain a larger subsidy towards the stipends of the clergy from some writer or other, we shall be obliged to leave many districts Btuupriiid Personally I should much prefer a larger diction co-operation But if this should fail in the proof then required, then I should be left to the alternative of and driven to the conclusion that it was the duty of the Government to follow up with religions instruction the multitudes above its Ifgisiatien had scattered, as free doctors, over tielurfa-cof the interior, in accordance with the recom- mendation, as I believe, of the recent board of inquiry at Braidwood. ¿cdtli'ittn! Jlisaplme and the JiijM of II j peal - Each diocese in England possesses its own tribunal er considering court, exercising general jurisdiction, to virtue of laws in force in the kingdom, whether civil, canon, common, or statute laws. And where they interfere with or cross each other, the civil he submits to the canon law, and both to the common law, and all three to the statute law DioccBon courts take cognisance of all millen arising locally within their respective limits They may decide all matters of spiritual discipline , they may defend or deprive clergymen, and administer the other branches of ecclesiastical law. The Arches Court of the province of Canterbury excrciTS Ihsatpcllato jurisdiction from each of the diocesan courts within the province Originally there was no distinction between the ecclesiastical and the temporal courts The Kfiralion was made by William the Conqueror, in a char- in which is still preserved, and which was recited and confirmed by King Richard II The province of York has likewise its archiepiscopal jurisdiction, exercised much in the same manner as in the [lOTiDce of Canterbury. The appeal lies, from each of the provincial courts, to the sovereign in council In accordance with the principle of the Church of Eng- land, this synod representing and being a part of that Church in this diocese, may (according to the 13th article of circcEsliluticns) establish a tribunal for the trial of offences b; clergy at a licensed by the Bishop within the diocese as well ttofeinvolving breaches of discipline as questions of doe time and the ritual of the Church, and may frame rules and ordinances for the initiative and conduct of trials before, na the mode of proceedings under, such tribunal, and no utterance shall be pronounced, other than that of suspension, a deprivation of license, or office, or of the rights and emoluments thereto appertaining, and there shall be the same right of appeal as now exists from the decision of the Bishop ' "And the license of the clergyman shall not be withdrawn, cancelled, or revoked, unless at his own request, case The consequence of a sentence pronounced under the provisions of the constitutions, or by some court of compo- tes! jurisdiction. Provided that until [a tribunal shall have been, established as hereinbefore mentioned, nothing shall erect any of the powers now vested in the bishop," In proceeding to establish a tribunal for the administer tour of ecclesiastical discipline, the synod will do well to lay in mind that the highest court of appeal in the realm has decided that a lawful cause of deprivation" against a clergyman is such a cause as (having regard to any differences which may arise from the circumstances of the colony) would authorise the deprivation of a clergy man by his bishop Accordingly we must consult the law, which in England has been passed for better enforcing Church discipline," m 3 and 4 Victoria, c SO. By keeping in view the regulating principles at home, we shall, I trust, be gm led aright in framing rules and ordinances for the initiation and conduct of trials under the tribunal" as well as for the construction of the tribunal itself iYwinria ÍSt/noíf-As our diocesan synod is constituted Upon the basis of a law of the colony, it would seem to follow, as a matter of course, that the provincial synod, to when it is to be affiliated, should be a synod placed under precisely similar legal sanctions Assuredly it would be futile to refer questions of local practical importance from our own synod to any other kind of provincial synod. But there are advocates of a mere extended provincial synod, which should comprise all the synods of the dioceses, stipend as an ecclesiastical province to the Metropolitan of Sydney in his letters patent. Now it is evident that very great practical difficulty would arise Such a provincial synod would tud itself in a position of considerable disadvantage, In the first place, however, it would be very difficult to constitute such a provincial synod For while some of the constituent 4100086« of the extended province possess synods, loco possess none Again, some of the diocesan synods are legally constituted by express statutes-others based on the voluntary compact principle. Again, suppose an Australasian proving ml synod could be formed It might frame canons, It is true, but it could not enforce obedience upon any synod or diocese. The mere fact that such an organisation would be powerless, except as a Church, conference, it to my mind conclusive that for the purposes vrhichwehavo now in view it is essential to good government that the provincial synod, as wall as the diocesan synod, should possess powers of action equally defined and universally acknowledged, together with authority to enforce its regulations and decisions in the absence, then, of such a legal constitution for a on extended provincial synod, and considering the difficulty of giving; effect to such a design, I am thankfully meet with present marches, and accept a limited, but 'sugar provincial synod of New South Wales, rather *. voluntary compact, " but extended, provincial synod of all the Australasian colonies. Besides, the question whether we should have synods under the "consensual" compact, or synods under the MARion of law, was fully discussed and clearly decided, in a fr "i. no 'ss' 600 by our own diocesan Conference is the Imperial Conference in Sydney. And we are to 66 guided in the practical management of our affairs, not a ivM two or less attractive, but by the stubborn fact that the constitutions provide for the actual arrangement under which the proceedings of the provincial synod are to a governed further, our own action in this colony cannot in the SW degree nullity or destroy the design of an extended metropolitan province. Whatever powers were given by the J. J P"'.0111 on this subject remain untouched by any as, any If therefore it be thought at any time easy ' On 1"6"00s of Australian interest or importance, the counsel with our brethren in other colonies and to trust am, in Those OIPor¡onui, it is quite competent for a. metropolitan to invite representatives from each diocese shall . Such Q PU'Poto But this would be not a final tC°DßrCM ' not " "lawful ni~0-lblJ." but a Jetson me 'to add case It will be our duty to elect repre a X""peojbers from this Synod to the provincial synod visited Urch of England within the colony. Six or FaulT. farmer and the same number of lay men might be the ». e, j would thus ensure the attendance of at least wronged number in order duty to constitute a meeting little provincial synod £ht.¿f":iy,''"-""t Judgments in England upon the TblZy of the Churches island in the colony with one of the court of law- "one of the highest ihÍ7nfT.,;u"ña,c,,on In England, afTcotm' the Church in hihäHle3>h"° caused a general disturbance of stab tít:rïJ?ï ns "J"011?81 members of the Church of England seems, as well as in the colonies. uaL area few P11"0«1"«'! 'I maintaining that the Bf dec UwJm anemones and misapprehended as to their COX; d wearing. the majority of the members of the S/D AWB with the conclusion that the Church of that w.'nUl0f«eral colonies had been cast adrift, and W&tter;°c_urchr of a tínU,t,«e three daughters dtwcd°lnU<0»,2UoIundor the ""Piston the clergyman or of Wm colonies are under disabilities similar to those cases. r no episcopal church in Scotland, or in the c!t7triclif"0fiAtni;rica- They imagine that colonial ASC' in second obUiuTrefcrmont in the Coffison ttT?alActof Parliament. This is a «euCmmL the of" Churches named, but It is also Bmen of f. I rain Classan to the colonially ordained dor A h I t Church of England '«.idiffrï?o?Wri thih,,°4c««M». so far as they relate fc«to«ÍACwr<!hfí]B?-,--a in this colony, may now remove dents had to clear the way for, at least, a better understanding of some of our subjects of discussion and recrimination I -the first case to which I allude was decided by the herds of the Judicial Committee of H M's Privy Council, on the eve ject of the relative obligations of clergymen and their bishops in the colonies This is the highest court of appeal in matters of doctrine and clerical discipline It to I resent the Royal supremacy in its judicial character The case is that of the Rev W Long v. the Bishop of Cape town, in which the judgment was delivered on the 24th June 1863 It came before the Judicial Committee of in appeal from the Supreme Court of the Cape of Good Hope, and is of extreme importance in its bearing upon Church discipline in the colonial Churches We must bear in mind that the case under their review was connected with a Church Assembly, called a Synod, to which sanction had not been given, either by the Crown, or by the law of the colony Among the numerous points determined by that judgment, the following are important in relation to our own Synod - 1 Letters Patent alone, in a colony possessing an made present legislature, though they empower a bishop to port brm all the functions appropriate to the office of a bishop in a colony, do not confer power to convene a meeting of clergy and laity, to be elected in a certain raannorprescribed by him for the purpose of making laws binding upon churchmen The Bishop cannot do this with legal effect, until he has obtained a special Act of Parliament for the purpose 2 Such a meeting, acting without the sanction of the law, is not a synod It is a mistake to treat such an assembly as a synod at all And its acts are illegal if they purport, without the consent of the colonial legislature, to bind persona beyond his control, and to establish new courts of justice J the oath of canonical obedience to a bishop does not mean that the clergyman will obey all the demands of the bishop, against which there is no law, but that he will obey all such commands as the bishop by law is authorised to impose the synod of the Bishop of Capetown was not legally constituted, and he suspended and deprived one of his clergy for declining to obey his citation and to summon a meeting for the election of delegates to the (synod The weak points in this case were these -1 That the synod had been formed without any law in the colony to authorize it. That consequently the meeting of the bishop, clergy, and laity was a voluntary association, and had no power to bind recusants. In New South Wales, however, the case is altogether different - I The bishops themselves are recognised by acts of the Legislature, and can legally exercise jurisdiction by the acts, 1 William, No 5, 21 Vict, No 4 Sydney and Newcastle Lands Act, 1868, and Goulburn Lands Act, 1898 Whereas in South Africa no such Acts of Parliament have been obtained 2\. Our synods are authorised by a special Act, 30 Victoria Against the weaknesses, evils, and disabilities therefore which prevailed in the church in South Africa, there is an ample safeguard in our case, by the express law of the colony II The second case is that of the Bishop of Natal v. the Bishop of Capetown The judgment of the judicial committee was delivered on the 20th March, 1863, upon a petition of the Bishop of Natal, against a sentence of deposition pronounced upon him by the Metropolitan Bishop of Cape town, on the 16th December. IbGI Among the points brought out in this judgment are the following - 1 Bishops of the Church of England in the colonies, are created bishops by the Queen, as sovereign of the realm and head of the Church 2 Their dioceses are held under grants from the Crown , their status is defined by the law of England, and their legal existence depends upon the basis of the supremacy of the Crown 3 Jurisdiction is not conferred upon a bishop of the English Church at home or in any colony possessing an independent legislature, by the Crown through letters patent alone, but in England is obtained by the laws which are in force, giving effect to the letters patent of the Crown, and in a colony by a colonial s auto similarly giving effect to the letters patent 4 Pastoral or spiritual authority is incidental to tho office of a bishop, hut all jurisdiction in the church, where it can be lawfully conferred, must not only proceed from the Crown, but also must be exercised as the law directs 5 The failure of the Metropolitan of South Africa in this case also, arose from the fact that, though he possesses letters patent from the Crown, he had not obtained a statute in the colony, under which he could lawfully exercise the jurisdiction cited in the letters patent, and consequently that he had assumed powers which had not been conferred upon him in a lawful manner He -Vic Part case is also that of the Bishop of Natal v The Colonial Bishoprics Connell, before the Rolls Court, in London. The Council, in whose hands the endowment of the see had been left had declined to pay the interest to the bishop since 1864, when they became aware of the metropolitan bishop's sentence of deposition against him. The Bishop of Natal filed a bill against the Colony in Bishoprics Council, calling upon them to pay the salary and arrears, and to set aside the sum of £10,000 in their hands, to secure the income of the see of natal Lord Romilly, Master of the Rolls, delivered judgment on the 6th of December, 1866 His lordship correct various misapprehensions which had arisen from the judgments of the privy council in the two preceding cases This judgment is very important, because it rp establishes the confidence which had been disturbed in the minds of many by the former cases The general results of this decision, so far as they relate to us, may be summed up in the following areas mente - I 1 A Bishop of the Church of England, consecrated by appointment of the Crown, and according to the order of the Church, possesses, in every part of the world, all ordinary pastoral and spiritual authority These powers are not confined to this or that spot, but are universal 2 A colonial bishop, thus consecrated, is a vital in bishop all the world over, and he is a territorial blunts within his see cr diocese And though he may not have received jurisdiction from the joint action of the Crown and the colonial le gislature, he can with the aid of the secular cauris perform all the acts of duties which belong to the office of a bishop, according to the doctrine of the Church of England 3 This necessity, because of the absence of a special statute, of resorting to a civil court in the first instance, instead of enforcing obedience by the jurisdiction of the Church itself, can never annihilate a see or make it cease to be a legal diocese Where a number of persons, members of the Church of England in a colony, establish a church with the doctrines rites, and ordinances of the Church of England, it is a part of the Church of England, and the members of it Bre by implied agreement bound by it Its laws, except- ing such as are expressly confined in their operation to the limits of the United Kingdom and Ireland In other words the Church of England may extend to, and have branches in, places where it is not as in England established by law 6 if a number of persons in any colony having an established legislature should found a church, and call them selves in communion with the Church of England, this would not make such a church a part of the Church of England, nor would it make the members of such a church members of the Church of England 6 The trial unel of a Bishop the Church of England in a colony (acting without any authority of colonial statutes) is a domestic tribunal And the essence of a domestic tribunal is this, that the jurisdiction is only over those persons who assent to it. and the jurisdiction is what is usually called 'consensual jurisdiction 7 The members of the Church in a colony-not possess- ing local laws for the recognition of the jurisdiction of the bishop or the sanction of the Church assemblies may create an ecclesiastical tribunal to try ecclesiastical matters between themselves, and may agree, that the decisions of such a tribunal shall be final, whatever may be their nature or effect. Upon this being proved, the civil tribunal would enforce such decisions against all persons who had agreed to be bound by these decisions But such an association would be distinct from, and form no part of the Church of England, whether it did, or did not, call itself a union and full communion with the Church of England But if the episcopal church, in such a colony, chose to remain part of the United Church of England and Ireland, then no such irresponsible tribunals could exist In one case it; is one Church in all the colonies, such association being part of the great Church of the United Kingdom of England and Ireland, in the other case they are separate and distinct episcopal churches, each existing separate in each colony, and distinct from every other Church. 8 Odo difference between home and colonial bishops in this -A bishop in England is the bishop over all the inha- bitants within the diocese, whereas a bishop in a colony is the bishop over all the members of the Church of England resident within the diocese 9 There cannot be any consensual jurisdiction by a me lropohton over a bishop of the Church of England in a colony, because a bishop of the Church of England cannot give any such conseBBual jurisdiction 10 It is not coercive jurisdiction which constitutes a eco or diocese 11 Eveiycxereiso of ecclesiastical authority, and every act of any member of the Church in a colony, professing to be a part of the Church of England, must in matters spiritual, be governed by the laws the Church of England, and must be tried by the application of those laws 12 There is a legal identity between the Church of England and the several parts of the Church of England in the colonies Whereas the case of the episcopal church in Scotland is, in this respect, totally different The episcopal church in Scotland is not, and by the Act of Union is prohibited from being a part of the Church of England, and the Crown is prohibited from appointing or nominating any bishop therein 21 J By the law of the Church of England the Sovereign is the head of the Church, and, in substance no bishop can be lawfully nominated or appointed except by the Crown, nor can any person be legally consecrated a bishop of such Church except by command of the Sovereign Consequently bishops in the colonies thus nominated and consecrated are Bishops of the Church of England not bishops of a Church in communion with the Church of England ; 14 An appeal lies from the decisions of ecclesiastical Of burials in the colonies to the civil courts in those colonies and from thence to the Privy Council J 15 A colonial bishop, appointed by letters patent and duly conECcratcd, will remain so until he dies, or resigns, or the letters patent appointing him are revoked, or until he is in some manner lawfully deprived of his age The general results of the above judgment, in the reflect upon the Church of England in this colony-, and upon the proceedings of our concert, in comp anson write the state of things in South Africa and wherever cIbo no statute exist, are these - was,.. 1\. who bishops in this colony possess legal jurisdiction. Those in South Africa do not possess legal jurisdiction. 2\. The synods in this colony are locally constituted. those in South Africa and meetings. " It is a mistake to call them synods." "They are not synods." 3\. The synods in this colony are synods of the whole of several dioceses. Those in South Africa are associations of those only who may have agreed to them and not necessarily of the whole of the Churchmen in the several dioceses. . . 4 The articles of our constitution are binding upon the members of the Church of England generally in this colony. Those in South Africa are binding only upon those who assent to them. 1 bill being our position as a synod and as a diocese, and seeing that we are a port of the Church of England, let us refuse to surrender the privilege which we possess as members of that Church. LetUB never do so voluntarily. Lotour bishops still be nominated by the Crown, and consecrated by its command. Let us petition the Imperial Parliament not to interfere with our prerogatives. Let the Royal supremacy will be the back of connection between the daughter churches and the Church of England. Let us adhere to her government and discipline. Lotus follow her faith and cling to her creed and formularies and then guided by the Holy Ghost in our deliberations, and blessed in our labours, we shall hand down to our successors this branch of the United Church of England and Ireland in its pure and scriptural simplicity, and in increasing strength for the great work to which she is called of God. The Chancellor of the Diocese, Mr Charles Campbell, then called on the lay representatives, to sign the declaration of church membership, which having been done The Rev. W. Sowerby moved the thanks of the meeting to the Bishop for his very excellent address. Mr. Maddrell seconded the resolution, which was agreed to. The Chancellor then read the Act of Parliament under which the (yard had been convened. On the motion of the Rev. S. S Harper, seconded by Mr. R03-1, The Rev. T'. Lamb was elected clerical secretary, and Mr. A B. Chisholm lay secretary to the synods. 'the Rev V. A. C. Ullingfton moved and Mr. George Campbell seconded the appointment of the following committee, to prepare standing orders for the guidance of the synod -flic Jlevs S.S. Harper, J. M. Ware, F. A. C. Lillingston, and A. bears, the Chancellor and Messrs. W. D. Campbell, W. Chisholm, J Pring, and F. B !.. Ross! Carried. On the motion of the Rev. W. Sowerby, seconded by the Rev. T fruit, Mr. W. P. Campbell was appointed chairman of committees. Mr. Allman moved and Mr. Modell eil seconded the appointment of the following committee of elections The Her. Messrs. Proctor, Pownall, Jiyng, Puddicombe, Herbert, and Percival, and Mcmb lllon field, Connolly, Moore, Hassall, and Longfield. The chancellor, as chairman of the committee, brought up the standing order, which were read, adopted, and ordered to be candid, The synod then adjourned till the following morning. tlXCOND DAI,-FntDAT. The synod assembled at half-past 10 a m. After the reading of prayers by the President, the minutes of the previous day were read by the Rev. T. Lamb, M A., the clerical secretary, confirmed, and signed by the President. The Chancellor, in reply to Mr. W P. Campbell's question " Whether there is any rule or law of the Church declaring what constitutes membership of the Church of England in the colony, and if so, what I stated that the Church in New South Wales had a legal identity with the Church in a England, and what constitutes membership In England did so here According to the rubrics and canons it was necessary to communicate three times a year to constitute membership In reply to the question of the Rev. W. H. Pownall-" that the President give for the future guidance of meetings for the election of lay representatives how often and within what period of time must a person have communicated to render him eligible for election "-the Chancellor in effect stated, that this question could not be decided by a provincial synod even, but by a civil airman. On the motion of the Rev. J. M. Ware, seconded by the Rev. T. Druitt, the 22nd standing order was suspended, to allow of the following resolution-That a standing committee of the synod, consisting of the Bishop and eight clerical and thirteen lay members be appointed for the following purposes, viz. -1. 'to make arrangements for the synod, and to prepare such business as may appear to the committee necessary to to brought before the synod. 2. To make provision for the discharge of all expenses connected with the meeting of the synod. 3 To consider and report upon any matters which the synod may see fit to refer to it. I. To be the representative of the sy and during its adjournment as a tending committee or council of advice to the Bishop, that is to assist the Bishop in any matters in which he may desire its advice. That the following be the clerical and lay members of such committee, viz. The Rev. W. Sowerby, J. Allan, P. Lamb, It. 1 nigh, F. A C Lillingston, D P M. Hulbert, A. D. Soares, E. R. Procter, the Chancellor, Hon J. Chisholm, and Messrs, Alexander, Allman, G Campbell, W. J Campbell, W Davis, A. K Gibson, R Martdrcll, I. R. L. Rossi, t. Twynam, Captain Zouch, andW Chisholm. The motion was then put and carried. The Rev T Druitt moved That a committee consisting of W. Chisholm, V li L Rossi, A Gibson, It Maddrell, Esqs ; the Revs. F. A. C Lillington, J. M. Ware, and the mover, be hereby appointed to draw up a report of the present state of the law of the Church with respect to marriage, and to suggest any amendment which they may consider desirable for reference to the provincial and " He had an experience of twenty years, and knew the difficulties in which the clergy were placed owing to the state of the law. The man who could pay need have no delay, but the poor man must wait, or be driven to avail himself of the opportunity afforded by some schismatic body. The Chancellor seconded the motion, -He regretted to learn that the nomiKal members of the Church of England had so little attachment to the Church of their fathers that two thirds of them in so important a matter as marriage reported to schismatic body, thus virtually (communicating themselves. The difficulties were not to be got rid of in the off-hand way suggested by Mr. Druitt, d!*p<n<uig with bonus. Danes had been adopted day every Christian Church, in order to prevent clandestine marriages 1 he granting of episcopal licences was a relic of the Pope's prerogative. At the Reformation, this power of dispensing with the he of the Church was transferred to the king, and by him deputed to the archbishop, he would advise the framing of a petition to the legislature, asking the adoption of the English Act, instead of the hybrid act in line at present. The Rev S h. Harpur moved as an amendment-That the House resolve itself into committee to consider the subject of the marriage question. He concurred with the chancellor that it was in portant to have this matter discussed, but in some respects he differed from the remarks of both mover and seconder. He could not understand on what principle fees were to be paid to Mr James Then fees should form a part of a Church fund. Mr, Allman seconded the amendment, The report of the committee of elections was brought up, and after some discussion adopted Mr. Conolly moved a resolution in favour of the desirability of having a uniform collection of hymns and psalms for the diocese, and inviting the other dioceses to unite. The Rev. S Percival seconded the resolution. 'sheltered. II Pownall moved and the Rev. L, B. Procter seconded an amendment for refuting the matter to the standing committee. after considerable discussion the amendment was put and negatived. | The Rev T. Druitt moved an amendment referring the matter to the provincial synod, which was seconded by the Chancellor, I and carried by a large majority. the Rev. W. Sowerby brought up the report of the select committee on the state of the marriage law, and moved its adoption by the ss noel. The Rev S S Harpur moved as an amendment that the president leave the chair and the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole to take into consideration the report of the committee, which was carried, and the House went into committee accordingly. The Rev. T. Druitt moved the adoption of the first resolution and in doing so said that any clergyman who had witnessed the defalcations caused by the state of the marriage law must desire to amend it. The Rev. H S. Seaborn found that many of his parishioners wished to be married in the Church of England, but they could not wait, and they could not understand that because he could not marry them they ought not to be married. He found as a rule that in whatever communion people were married, they wished to have their children baptized. Other denominations married the people of the Church of England, because they could not marry them themselves. The Chancellor said that the highest legal authority had declared the colonial Church to have a legal identity with the Church of England. They were in no worse position now than Cowper ondyaarsden in the early days or the colony. No lawyer could assent to such a proposition as had been made. The power of the diocesan synod did not extend so far. They were not a synod of the colonial Church, but a diocesan synod of the Church of England, and they were governed by the same laws as the Church of England in England. They might look on their members merely as citizens and let them as such conform to the low of the land and be united by the civil tie, and having done this, let them repair to their clergyman and he could give them the blessing of the Church That had been done in England and thus the law was not only carried out, but the people received the rites of the Church. Where there was no State church every citizen must be regarded in a twofold capacity. As a citizen he owed obedience to the eli in law-as a member of the Church he was bound to conform to the ecclesiastical law. As a lawyer he would pledge his reputation that they proposed to do an illegal act. And as members of the Church they could not do it without alteration of the rubrics The Rev. D. P. M. Hulbert, who had had many years' experience, agreed with much in the report. He saw the necessity of action, but he did not agree with the proposition. The power of dispensing with bands was the bishop's in every branch of the Church. The proposition asked the bishop to lay down his powers. The rev. gentleman quoted from the ordinary, from the rubrics before the marriage service, and from the 27th constitu- tion to show that such a proposition was contrary to law. The Rev J. M. Ware considered that the bishop had power to do away with banns or license. IA when they saw how few come for a blessing on their future life, they must try to bring those people under a religious influence by all means in their power. The Rev. P. G. Smith could see no reason why the bishop could not issue a license to each clergyman to solemnize marriages without hands. Mr. Allman concurred with the last speaker. The Rev. R. Leigh said that marriage was at the root of all good government. If anything interfered with the rate of marriage it was their bounden duty to remove it. Why be a party to enforce a rule in theChurch'which was clearly instituted for a different state of society. The Rev. S. S. Harpur maintained that there were two objections, each of which was fatal to the proposition. It was contrary to the 25th section of the constitutions; and it was contrary to the 22nd canon. Did they want to sever the tie which united the in to the home Church They were taking upon themselves to decide matters which the Archbishop of Canterbury in full council had not been able to settle. It was impolitic, for it would subvert the principles of episcopal government. The bishop possessed his powers, not for his own advantage, but for that of the Church. The Rev I'. A. C. Lillingston quoted from Cardwell's Synodia to shew that it has. been unwise to enact certain of the canons, and that it would be still more unwise to enforce them. The Chancellor remarked that though the canons of 1868 were not sanctioned by parliament they were founded on the old canon law, and were part and parcel of it. The Rev. W A. C. Lillingston said the law of the land provided sufficient safeguards. He knew of no marriage law in other countries so stringent in its provisions the Rev. T. Puddicombe thought that the subject was com- prises] in three questions. Had the Bishop power to do what was wished ' If to, could he delegate his powers to others ' And was his Lordship willing to do so The Bishop said the evil was great, and imperative civ demanded remedy. Lord Romilly had decided that they were governed by the lows the Church of England, and he as Bishop could not abrogate that law. Chief-Justice Holt had ruled that the clergy are subject to the canons made by Convocation with the consent or the King, and if they did not comply with them they might be dear lv ed. And with regard to having no churches in which to publish banns, the place licensed for the performance of Divine service would be a place in which banana might he published The Rev. W. Sowerby said that the Dean of Sydney, in his remarks on this question had shown his ignorance of the state of the interior. The Rev. R. B. Trotter had a horror of the existing state of twigs ¡ but he felt bound to oppose the motion before the house, They were bound to abide by the Book of Common Prayer and he, for his part, was not disposed to read the large print only. He could not adopt the book and then overlook any letter, large or small Mr. 1105S1 sold there had been much trouble to obtain the power they now had but it was worth the trouble to have the privilege of bringing about such a change. He thought those who were opposing the motion were overstraining customs which should be obsolete. The Rev. P. A. C. Lillingston asked the Bishop whether he would grant a peculiar license to marry without banns and without charge The Bishop stated, that whatever power he had to redress the grievance he would gladly use. He thought it would be wise to consult the other bishops. He felt the urgency of the case as strongly as anyone, and if he could be would apply an effectual remedy. The Rev. W. Lamb was opposed to so sweeping a measure, (specially as they had the opinion of those who were learned in the law as to the doubtful legality of the proposition. The Rev. A. T. Puddicombe moved as an amendment-" That this synod leave it for the present entirely In the hands of his lordship to make such alterations in regard to marriage fees, licenses, and canonical hours, as his Lordship may deem himself legally enabled to make, and as may best meet the present urgent needs of the colony." The Chancellor seconded this in the hope that the committee would pause before making a rule which would be productive of no good results. The Rev. T Druitt was convinced that there would be no peace for the Church until a measure was adopted which would reduce the fees to a sum equivalent to that charged by the registrar. He would suggest that it should be lawful for a clergyman to marry upon a licence from the Bishop, the cost of which should not exceed half-a-crown. what would enable them to comply with the Prayer- book. Under the idea that they could not be married without pounds, shillings, and pence, members of the Church went to other denominations, and this trouble would never cease till all the fees amounted to one pound. The Bishop stated that, so far from being an obstruction, he was most anxious to have every obstacle removed. The Rev. W. Sowerby exonerated the Bishop of the diocese fat in all blame in this matter. The Rev. A. N. I'liddicomb's amendment was then put and lost by 31 to 13. The Rev. K. A. C. Lillingston moved the following amendment " That it shall be allowable for any clergyman to marry any perf on who may wish it on the authority of an ordinary license which shall cost one shilling." The Rev E. B!. Procter seconded the amendment, which was put and carried, two only dissenting. On the motion of the Chancellor, seconded by the Rev. J. M. Ware, the chairman reported progress and asked leave to sit again. The Synod having resumed, the Chairman reported progress accordingly, and the Synod adjourned to half-past 10 on Saturday morning. 