Criflts of tBit aitb Runout. — ♦ — The earliest tubular bridge. — The ' bridge of the nose.' What most resembles a pretty girl bathing ? — A diving bell(e). Why do honest ducks dip their heads under water ? — To liquidate their little bills. Is a grocer who knowingly trusts a notorious swindler to be considered a green-grocer T Scandal, like a kite, to fly well, depends greatly on the length of tale it has to carry. Epigram by Lord Cbanboene. — Best proof of a Government's irresolution. — Resolutions. A bookseller in Paris, being asked for a copy of the 'Fiench Constitution,' replied, ' Sir, I keep no periodicals.' The difference between a civilised man and a cannibal is, that one enjoys himself and the other enjoys other people. 'The most wonderful organ in the world,' says some wicked old bachelor, ' is the organ of speech in woman, because 'tis an organ without stops.' A repentant bachelor, ' seeing the words ' Families supplied' over the door of a shop, stepped in and. said he would take a wife and two children. ' Why are you always looking into the glass, madame?' — 'Sir, the glasses I look into help me to improve my appearance ; those you look into degrade yours !' A woman's life is made up of ' five minutes,' for she never takes more to put on her bonnet, change her dress, go a shopping, order the dinner, or do anything else. The London Review, in an article on a new play at the Olympic Theatre, says : — ' If the Ce fails in any particular, it is as a show of — the ladies, with two exceptions, being singularly ill-provided by nature in this respect ' Sir, I'd have you know that I keep the best table in London, sir,' exclaimed an indignant landlady .to a boarder, who had been finding fault with his fare. ' That may be true, ma'am,' quietly retorted the boarder ; ' but you put very little upon it.' In Richmond Church, Surrey, is an epitaph on a certain Robert Lewis, who died in 1649, ' and who was,' says the epitaph, ' such a lover of peace, that when a contention began to arise between life and death ho yielded up the ghost to end the dispute.' A correspondent asks us why the London ? papers charge for the insertion of marriage and death notices. For the very best of reasons, we suppose, inasmuch as one is an advertise ment of co- partnership, and the other of disso lution. Business U business. In one of our parish schools the master was examining a class in orthography. ' SpeU and define floweret,' said he. ' F-I-o-w-e-r-e-t, floweret, a little flower.'—' Wavelet.' ' Wa v-«-l-e-t, wavelet, a little wave.' — ' Bullet.' ' B-u-1-l-e-t, a little bull,' shouted urchin num ber three. Not so Great a Fool as he Seems.— A gentleman met a half-witted lad on the road, and placing in one 6f his hands a'dxpence and a penny, asked him which of the two he would choose. The lad replied he would not be greedy, he would take the smallest— Amencan Paper. A New French Blundkb.— A French newB paper critic lately went into ecstasies over ' that noble monody of Sir Thomas More, the celebrated Irish poet, beginning * We left him alone in bis glory.' ' A Good Stomach Reqothed !— It is related that the «lerk of a rural church in England recently made the following announcement to the congregation : — ' You are desired to attend a meeting in the vestry, at 4 o'clock, to consider on the means of 'eating the church and digest ing other matters.' Keeping the Commandment.— The evening before a battle an officer asked Marshall Toria for permission to go and see his father, who was at the point of death. ' Go,' said the marshalL, who saw through his pretext, ' honor thy father and thy mother that thy days may be long in the bind.' Irish Notion of Hospitaijtt.— An Irish soldier, who came over with General Moore, being asked if he met with much hospitality in Holland, answered, ' Oh ! yes, too much ; I was in tile hospital nearly all the time I was there.' The Effect op Adveettsing. — A man a short distance from the city says no one need tell him that advertising won't cause a big rush, for he advertised 10 bushels of grapes for sale, and the next morning there wasn't one left the boys Btole 'em alL — American Paper. A PUZZLE. — Archbishop Whately once puzzled a number of clever men in whose company he was by asking them this question. — ' How 'is it that white sheep eat more than black?' Some were not aware of the curious fact ; others set to work and tried to give learned and long reasons ; but all were anxious to know the real cause. After keeping them wondering for some time, he said, 'The reason is, because there are more of them.' A Happy Conclusion, — Under the head of ' Marriages' in the Cardiff and Merthyr Guar dian a short time ago, the curious may find this curious announcement : — ' JOHNSON — Page. — Jan. 22, at Ashburton, Devon, by the Rev. E, L. Page, of Coatham, Redcar, assisted by the Rev. C. Worthy, vicar, Captain Johnson, R.N., of Cardiff, to Emily Leman Page, only daughter of the late Rev. Robert Leman Page, of Drink stone, Suffolk. ' Her end was peace.' ' An Eastern editor says that a man in New York got himself into trouble by marrying two wives, a western editor repues Dy assuring his contemporary that a good many men had done the same thing by marrying one. A Northern editor reports that quite a number of his acquaintances found trouble enough by barely promising to marry, without going any further. A Southern editor says that a friend of his was bothered enough when simply found in company with another man's wife AN Irish Vagbant. --When the late Alder man Waithman was Lord Mayor of London, a man was brought before him on a charge of vagrancy. ' What countryman are you ?' en quired the Alderman. 'An Irishman, please your Honor,' was the reply. The Alderman asked — 'Were you ever at sea?' 'Come, your Honor,' answered Paddy, ' d'ye think I crossed from Dublin in a wheelbarrow ?' — Notes and Queries. Friendly Adnice. — A young fellow once offered to kiss a Quakeress. ' Friend,' said she, '* thee must not do it.' ' Oh, by Jove, but I must, ' said the youth. ' Well, friend, as thee hast sworn, thee must do it, but thee must not make a practice of it.' Evn, for Good. — A handsome young Yankee pedlar made love to a buxom widow in Pennsyl vania. He accompanied his declaration with an allusion to two impediments to their union. ' Name them,' said the widow. ' The want of means to set up a retail store.' They parted, and the widow sent the pedlar ample means. When tliey met again, the pedlar had hired and stocked his store, and the smiling fair one beg ged to know the other impediment. ' I have another wife,' cried the notion dealer. — Amcri- A Practical Commentary. — Thelwall thought it very unfair to influence a child's mind by inculcating any opinions before it had come to years of discretion to choose for itself. I showed him my garden, and told him it was my botanical garden. ' How so? ' said he, ' it is covered with weeds.' 'Oh,' I replied, ' that is because it has not yet come to years of discretion and choice. The weeds, you see, have taken the liberty to grow, and I thought it unfair to prejudice the soil towards roaes and strawberries. ' — Coleridge. Tit for Tat. — The following is, of course, an American story: — 'The Quaker president of a Pennsylvania railroad, during the con fusion and panic last fall, called rpon the W ? Bank, with which the road kept a large regular account, and asked for an extension of part of its paper falling due is a few days. The bank president declined rather abruptly. ' Mr. K ? , your paper must be paid at maturity; we cannot renew it' 'Very well,' our Quaker friend replied, and left the bank. But he did not let the matter drop here. On leaving the bank he went to the depot, and telegraphed to all the agents and conductors on the road to reject all bills on the W ? Bank. In a few hours the trains began to arrive, full of a panic, bringing news of the W ? Bank all along the 'line. Stock holders and depositors flocked to the bank, quaking with panic, enquiring thus, ' What's the matter? Is the bank broke ?' &c.; A little enquiry on the part of the officers showed that the trouble originated in the rejection of the bills by the railroad agents. The President seized his hat, and rushed down to the quaker's office, and came bursting in with this enquiry, ' Mr. K — , have you directed the refusal of our currency by your agents?' 'Yes,' was the quiet reply. . ' Why is this ? It will ruin us.' * Well, friend L — , I supposed the bank was going to fall, as it could not renew a little paper for us this morning.' It is needless to say that Mr. L — renewed all the quaker's papers, and enlarged his line of discount, while the magic wires carried all along the road to every agent the sedative message, 'The W ? Bank is all right. Thee may take all its currency.' ' When Curran was asked by a brother lawyer, ' Do you sec anything ridiculous in this wig ?' and he replied, ' Nothing but the head,' that was wit. And. when Scott describes the in mates of Cleikum Inn, in St. Ronan's Well, who thought they had seen the ghost of a murdered man, we get humor, the root of which lies far deeper in human nature. He says the two maidens took refuge in their bedroom, whilst the hump-backed postillion fled like wind into the stable, and with professional instinct began in his terror to saddle a horse. This was his most natural refusre from the sunematuml : a touch of humor a: which we smile gravely, if at all. When Hood describes a fool whose, height of folly constitutes his own monument, he calls hira K A column of fop, A lighthouse without any light a-top.' That is wit. But when Chaucer describes the fox as desirous of capturing the cock, and try ing to flatter him into singing by telling him how his respected father used to sing, and put his heart so rauohnnto his song that he was obliged to shut his eyes, and by this means gets poor chanticleer to imitate his father, and sing and shut his eyes also ; whereupon the fox pounces on him and bears him off — that is humor ; a sort of shut-eyed humor quite irre sistible. Again we have wit when Jen-old defines dogmatism as ' puppyism come to maturity.' But we get at humor when Pan urge, in his mortal fear of shipwreck, cries, ' Would to heaven that I were safe on dry land with (we presume to make quite sure of his footing) somebody kicking me ?' — Quarterly Review. 