A MINER'S LOVE STORY. Nelly Glover was the prettiest lass in the pit vil lage. Her eyes were of the sweetest bluo ; her cheeks were like a rose ; and you might have thought her brown hair was the finest silk. Then she had a figure like a fairy, it was so trim ; and with a waist you could almost span. I loved Nelly but, as for that, all the ycung chaps in the village were of the same mind, and she misht have had her pick of \ us : the worst of it was, she treated us all alike and wouldn't look at one more than another. She had a smile for everybody, and was alwavs good tempered, but there it ended, and, somehow, none of- us could screw up courage to try her- further. I don't know how often I thought 'it over.; It came into my head the first thing in the morning, and there it remained the last thing at night, when it either kept me awake; or haunted my dreams. At last it quite took possession of me. No matter where I was, digging, or blasting, or tunnelling; above ground, or down in 'the 'pit; my thoughts turned on Nelly, and from beiug the merriest fellow in the village, 1 just came to be the dullest. One morning there was no work in the pit for my gang, because the viewer wanted; that part of the seam shored up, and it struck me, all at oiice, that I would have it out- with Nelly, SO' X made myself smart, and set off, walking1 as brisk as if it was a wager. You may think it conceit in me,' but I- can say that I was then' a3 clever a chap to look at' as you would often see— —and 'I' knew it ! For all that, I began to walk ;, a bit' slow when I caught sight' of Mrs Glover's cottage, and I felt a dread at my heart. But I went on, and I. just got' up' 'to the cottage, when who should come out' :but Nolly herself; : She ' never looked prettier than at that minute; but, appearing :so sud denly, she dashed my spirit, and I hadn't a word to say to her. 'Why, Charley, what is tiie matter ?' she cried in a frightened sort of way. 'Well, it is just this,' I said. And there I stopped. 'Is any thing wrong with Jack?' she cried, quickly. 'Jack!' 'Yes, he'is down in the pit, and they anv -if. is foul, which makes mother find nie unensv. You haven't heard anything?' And she looked in my eyes as if she would stare me through. 'No no 1' I answered, steadying, now that I thought I could comfort her.' ' He is all right. ? You mustn't mind what the old women of the village say, or you'll be looking for a blow up ; every day-in the year, when there is nothing morb than common. I haven't come to you about Jack, Nelly ; it is' about myself.' She gave me another look now ; then her cheek flushed up like a flame, and her : eyes ?? turned1 away. ' Do you know what1! want to say.-NeJly ?' I went on. ' I wish you did, for I can't tell it : it is more than I have got' words for. How I love you, how you are always before me, how I am crazed, and mad about you ! But though I can't say all I want to, here I stand/ ? and I wouldn't change with a king, if you take me- a3 lam!' 'Ah, Charley ! you don't know how you pain me,' she answered. ' 'Don't say that, Nelly.., I doubted about speaking to you, but now that I have^doue it, now that I can't go on deceiving myself,' if you have any pity in your heart, show it to me, and I will cherish you to the day of my death.' 'It is no use,' sho replied, ' I can never marry a pitman. I gave the. promise to mother and Jack, when we walked up the village at the funeral of my poor father and brothers, all three killed in the mine — our great sorrow, which I can never think of with out crying.' And the tears, it is true, were run ning down her. cheeks, though, for the minute, she seemed to me to be harder than staiiO: And I seemed turned to stone myself. I had no recol lection, no fooling, and no sense, and 1 couldn't havo moved a stop to save my life. Then it all flashed upon me like lightening. I took a last look at Nelly, dropped my head on my breast, nnd, with out a word more, walked out of the gate. Our villnge seldom looked bright, no matter how tho sun shone, and new I felt as if the sun would never shiuo again for me, so, as my eye fell on the line of cottages, with the clouds hanging down from above, and nothing round but a waste, I thought I might as well be m my gravo as continue to live tlipre. Besides, I should bo always meeting Nelly, perhaps lurking about her motker's cottage, and making her as miserable as mynolf. Why shouldn't I go away, to Yorkshire, or Durbyshivo, or to the diggings iu Australia, for' that matter ? The notion, if it was srosd for nothing movo, gave me a littlo spirit. It turned my thoughts, and I stepped out briskpr, going straight home. I hadn't much to settle thero, only- to bid good-bye to tho folks I lived with, and I soon came out, pack on back, and began my tranip. I stopped at tho moor, and looked back, remembering I might never see the place again, and, dismal as I now thought it, with its gaping walls and shaken roofs encumbering the blackened ground, I had been happy there. Not one of those tumbling cottages but would open its door to me ; not one where I wouldn't meet a friend. And there I had been bom ; it was the spot on earth. ' that even in the hour of bitterness, I loved best, and I didn't turn away without dashing my handover my eyes. I was walking on, when suddenly the air rang with a crash which shook the ground. I knew what it ?'. signified ; such sounds denote but one result in the black country, and, throwing down my pack, I darted off to the pit, with the feelings that animate every miner on such occasions. It didVt seem a minute before I came to tho dust heaps, round tho pit's mouth, but some were there before me, and the off-men and the women were rushing up from the village in a stream. The smell from the pit almost knocked me back as I came up, and I had to get my ' breath a little when three or four of us crept up to the mouth and looked down. The explosion had destroyed the cage, not leaving a stick of it, but it hadn't injured the signal-rope ; hence a means of : communication remained for any one immediately below. As soon as I saw this, I setts work to rig ; a cross-bar, and presently had it ready. 'Just lower me gently,' I said to two banksmen. 'I may pickup oue or two, if there's any near.' 'You can't go down yet!' cried the .viewer. ' How many are in the pit?' ' Half an hour ago there was fifty,' replied the timekeeper ; ' but I am thank ful to say they all came up but ten.' 'And they are lost,' said the viewer, ' for there will be another explosion directly.' 'I'll go down, anyhsw,' I said, doggedly ; ' and if nobody will lower me, I'll '' jump down!' A good many were on the heaps now, men and, women— some of the women crying and some pray ing; but when I spoke out that way, there was 'a dead, silence. Then two or three called out ' Good bye Charley. God bless you, brave lad.' The : banksmen lowered me down, and I sank throngh the pit's mouth.. ' A Davy lamp was tied round my waist, and I held a rope in my hand, so that I might signal to be hoisted up, if the air became t»b foul. But I had no intention of going back till I had searched the pit, and seen if there were any. alive. One thing, I didn't care about my life ; and another, I would have been ashamed to face the folks above without 'doing something, so I felt im- - patient that they lowered me at such a snail's pace, and I kept looking up and looking down to measure the distance yet to he traversed* The shaft had never seemed so deep to me before. I strained my ' eyes into the darkness below, and saw no bottom; I glanced up, and the gleam of light above grew ? smaller and fainter. I scanned the walls of tha [ shaft, and marked only their black ' bound/ But my progress was notified by tho increase ? in density ©f the air, which began to ; ' affect my breathing; and, as I went on, I had to . shift my face from side to side to make a little cur- '' .'. rent. At last my feet touched ground. I looked' . round as I jumped off the straddle, and saw the fur-'.1; nace was out, which put a stop \o the ventilation of , .', the mine, as far as it depended on the bratices, and : no air entered but bv the shaft. The stench was ' overpowering, and from this and the silence, I guessed the worst. It was plain that the explosion had killed the horses ; for not a sound came' from ,'? the stables, which wore closo to the shaft; and what hope could there be for human beings in a ' distant part of the x»t? You may be sure I didn't'' stand to make those reflections ; they floated across me, and I was working forward before they had ' got through iry mind, 'i knew the old mine 'blind fold ; but what with the foul smell, and what with the gloom, and my shortness of breath, I was some ' minutes scrambling to the top of the incline, keep- : ing my arms stretched out, as I went along, to. ; feel for anything in the way. And it was lucky I . did, or I should have dashed my head against some ;. empty tracks, and, in the state I was in, that would have finished me. 'Thus I reached the first gal lery, which you could only enter stooping. I pushed open the trap, and went on a few steps, though- : my davy-lamp was what pitmen call 'afire,'— the ; flame being all blue— and I knew that the atmos phere was so much gunpowder. But I stumbled ' ; along; if I wasn't to save any one, it didn't mat ter what became of myself, and I pleased myself : with the thought that Nelly would hear I Lad died in the attempt. And then, allat once,itcame'into my head what she had said about her brother Jack being in the pit. This gave my heart such a turn ,' that I quite staggered, and tho perspiration poured ' from my forehead like water. I rushed forward as ; if I was mad; my foot struck something; I bent down over what seemed a corpse, and the gleam of the lamp fell on' its face. It was Jack Glover. I didn't know whether he was alive or dead, but I caught him in my arms, and with the strength of a '' giant, and the speed of a deer— hardly conscious, hardly breathing — I made a dash for the shaft. It was easier work going back, when you were once in the main, or harsd-vnnd * fnv nrmr tlm ol.oH was before you instead of behind ; and though you wouldn't think it, this made a wonderful difference in the light. Dark as pitch it still wes, though not to a pitman's oyes, and' I found out that Jack breathed when I reached the shaft. The discovery ' nerved me afresh, and kept all my senses at work, without my seeming to know it. I only felt that there ? ?would soon be another explosion. So I placed Jack oii),,tho straddle, and, taking the cord from my Davy-lamp, tied him hand and foot ; then pulled the signal-roTio, and as the people above hauled the tackle, and lifted the straddle from the erouml I , hung on by my arms ; thus we began to mount tho shaft.. It wasn't till wo had got twenty feet up that I felt the strain of standing on nothing, but, from that moment, it became just terrible. My hands seemed ready to snap; the ache in my arms spread through ' every muscle ; my head spuu round, and my feet kicked about in an agony. I watched the mouth of ' the pit till my eyes swam, and as I reckoned tho space between, while my strength waned, and mv misery deepened, I thought I must drop before I reached the top. Then they began to hoist faster. I mustered all my strength ; I tightened my grip of tho saddlo, though my fingers were growing numb ; I steadied my feot, and hardly trusted myself to breathe. I could soe the walb of the shaft; I could feel the purer air : I heard voices , and presently tho tackle swung ; strong arms caught mo round, and I was lauded on the lunk. They had Jack Glover- off the straddle buforo you could look round, and ho was carried av,\ay, while they raised my head and poured a little brandy in my mouth. I called out for tho viewer. ' What is it, Charley B;itson ?' he asked, ' bending over me. ' Everybody away from the pit, sir,' I said. '-' You are right,' ho answered ; 'it' ; will como in a minute or two.' They got mo to the top of the bank, when I hoard a scream, and there was Nelly, trying to throw herself on her brother Jack, but icept'baek by tho other womenfolk. She never glanced round at me ! ? I wished then that I had stopped in the pit, or let myself drop from the bar, as I came up, and so escaped seeing her ag;.in. But I made up my mind that I had looked on her for the last time. I told my helpers that I could walk now, and when they let go my arms, I turned towards the moor, intending to pick up my pack, and drag on at least to the next village But I could no more walk five miles than I could ily. When X came to my pack, I sank down by it, and felt that I must give up. I was so beat, that though there was now another explosion at the pit, as I had expected, and though it shook the ground, under me, I didn't lift my head. All I thought of was stretching out my amis and legs and lying quiet. How long I lay there I never knew. But, by degrees, I recovered a little strength, and rny thoughts took more shape, when I decided to return to my old lodging, and have a day's rest before I set out on my wanderings. The dsiy passed, and the night, and the next day, and I was still in bed, the good folks tending me like a child. My limbs, which had been racked with pain, now felt easy, and I was ready for a start again. But I thought th.re would be opposition, so got up very quiet, and was putting on my things, ?when the roor.i door opened, and, to my wonder, in came Jack Glover. ' Hilloa, Charley, here we are!' he cried seizing my hand, and giving it a hearty squeeze. ' Who would have thought of us two being alive to- dav?' 'Well, Jack;' I answered, 11 1'ain glad for you, but I shouldn't have cared for myself.' 'How's that?' lie asked. , 'Because I have something on my mind.' ' You !' he said, laughing, and givirg ine a little' push. 'Here, sit dowuanil have a pipe, and it will, go off like the smoke.'' ' I don't cave if I never smske a pipe again,' I said, savagely. ; 'Now, I'll, tell you what it is|'said: j;i6k; ''you've been haying a tiff with' our Nelly.' |\I haven't,' I answered, my cheek burning. '. Well, you know best, about that,' con tiuued^Jsck ..',' but it's what I guess, becuuse you were seen talking with her, and she hud a crying fit ,directly after. Aifcl when she heard from me that it was you brought me up -froiri the , pit, she fell on my neck and Muted.' 'Didn't she know it before?' I asked, relenting. 'No.' ''Then I'll just .tell .you all about her aridme,' I said. I was .a loDg time telling it,' but. Jack sat up as if he was listening to a julay, or a sermon at' chapel. I gave him a description of Nelly that .would have done for' the Hue and Cry : went into all the feelings ; she had raised in my breast, told him howl had watched for her, thought of her, and dreamt of her; ? and, finally, recounted our last colloquy. Jack never moved a muscle, and not till I stopped for breath did he put in a word. '' Don't you think you've been a little fast, Charley?' he then. said, dubiously. 'How do you mean ?' I answered. 'Why, id giving up so. Suppose when Nelly said she couldn't have you. you had put your arm round her waist, and said she must?' This view, had never struck me, and rather took me aback. 'But there was her promise to you and her mother never to marry a pitman,' I urged. ' So there was. But did you never hear thiit promises were made to be broke?' ' I can't say but I have,' I muttered, clapping on my hat. 'Where are you goiag?' said Jack. 'You wait here a minute,' I replied. With that, I took two strides down the stairs into the road, »nd hurried off to Mrs Glover's cottage. I stood crukide a minute, when I opened the door, and the first thing I saw was Nelly, sitting by her mother, and looking like a ghost — only ghosts never look pretty She gave me one look, then started up and sprang into my arms. My heart .was so full I couldn't speak at first, but I thought that I must do BOinething, so I slipped my arm round her waist, as Jack recommended. Now I felt sure of her, and of all the happiness the workl could give, and, as my breast swelled proudly, I began to bear a little malice. ' Ah, Nelly ! if you had only loved me?' I said. Nelly tightened her arms round my neck. ' How happy we might have been !' I continued. ' Then we can be, Charley,' she murmured. ' How, Nelly ? We can never marry, you know.' The little fingers unlocked, and I felt Nelly falling away, but I remembered Jack's counsel, and held on by her waist. ' There's your promise to your mother and Jack,' I continued ; ' how are we to get over that?' ' I forgot that,' faltered Nelly,, as white as a sheet. ' And what do you say to it, mother ?' I cried to the old lady. Mrs Glover got up, and took Nelly's hand and put it in mine. 'That's what I say to it,' she said, heartily ; 'and I know Jack is of the same mind.' ' And this is what I say to it,' I cried giving Nelly a kiss. You won't be surprised to hear that we wore married tho next ?week. And now I am the viewer of the colliery ; and as for Nelly, she will tell you that, though she has married a pitman, and has her roughs and smooths, like other people, there is no happier woman in the kingdom. ' . . ? ? „____„_ 