TELBflttAMS FKOM ADELAIDE ABOUT THE miNcr. (Prom Sydney Punch.) 9 a.m. Tuesday. A distinguished ciliten stole into the giounds of Go. vernment Houw this morning: and ut eleven minutes pail 7 o'clock had the inexpressible felicity of wein« his H.K.H. brushing his hair. The rcffil youth was so in tensely gratified at the loyalty manifested by the dis tinguished citizen, that H, K.II. immediately flung at the D. C, both hair brushes and a bunt jack. These articles will be exhibited at the Town Hall to-niorrow, and it is presumed will attract an immense assemblage. II a.m. Tuesday. It is rumoured this morning that II. B. H. wbile stand ing upon tbe lawn of Government Houso last night at two minutes past 9, pointed|outto a select party of ladies and gentlemen the ' Southern Cross.' The Astronomer Royal was at once sent for, and has pronouncud unhesi tatingly that Il.R.H is a marine Galileo or a nautical Ken-ton. Noon, Tuesday. People are in ecstoclesof admiration about the Prince's attainments. His acquaintance with botany is profound, and he always wears a rose in his button-hole. 2 p.m. Tuesday. H.K.It, has just gone down to his ship to put on a clean nliirt. He is attended by 8000 people, and the children of the charity schools, who will sing tbe National Anthem on his landing. 4 p.m. Tuesday. The Prince has just returned to town (with a clean shirt on.) The excitement is immense The inmates of the Uenevulent ABjIuin are now being presented to If. R.H., and he visits the Lunatic Asylum and the Burial Ground at 2 o'clock. 7 p.m. Tuesday. H.R.H. has justcoroo back from the cemetery, and is drinking lager beer with 2000 German colonists, who are going to sing under his window all night. 5 t m. Wednesday. fl.R.H. dined last night nt eight o'clock. The party was particularly exclusive, consisting of Mr and Mrs Smith, Mr and Mrs Brown, Miss Jones, and If.R.H.'s equerries. At tbe ball H.R.n. waltzed with Mrs Kohinson, and, amid en thusiastic pl»uditn, went through a Royal double shuffle, and wound up with a sailor's hornpipe. Many of the company were moved to tears. H R.H.'s piper entered the ball-room and commenced to play. The confusion, horror, and uliirra were fearful. Kverylwdy bolted ex cept two Highlander!! from Kapunda, who remained and bowled in harmony with the instrument. H.R.H. bas assured the public that the thing shall not happen again, and popular confidence is restored. 10a.m., Wednesday. Tbe infernal piper has just been escorted on hoard the Galatea. He was pinioned closely. His pipes were fastened on bis back. An he left town the two Kapunda Highlanders emerged from a hiding plaoe, and flung their arms about his neck, ll.ll.li. immediately ordered them to be double-ironed and seut on board bin ship. 10-30 a.m., Wednesday, j H. It.tr. will at noon lay the foundation of a small Dis senting chapel ; at half-pant 12, attend a renea-sal ut the Opera ; at 1, lunch with the Anglican UUhop ; and at 2, drive out with the Roman Catholic one; at 3, in spect tbe hospitals; at 4, address a meeting of German agriculturists ; At S, play a cricket matcb ; go out for a | ride at 6 ; and drive, dance, an I study to-morrow's pro gramme, for the test of the night. 9 a.m., Thursday. H.R.H. iB up, and is pnin? to have his breakfast. The butcher who has got the Gorernment House custom will be knighted. : II a.m., Thursday. Tiko midetupraen and & ho&tVcrew; ot tbe -Hlete& caine aptojtown this morning. j-The enthusiasm is indeaciiba ble. US.OOO people turned oql to receive the sailors, four ,of .wbonj almost immediately visited the station house; which has been hospitably placed at. their dispo sal till the sitting of the Police Court to-morrow morn ing. They express themselves delighted with the ar rangements. 2 p.m., Thursday. The leading officers of tbe Government called upon the gallant tars at the station-house, and paid their respects. 4 p.m., Thursday. H.R.H. is said to be fast asleep. Tbe people are very much dissatisfied, as he ought to be at this moment receiving eleven deputations. For the first time since H.&.H. arrived a feeling of gloom pervades the com munity. 6 p.m., Thursday. H. R.H woke at two minntes after 5. 11,000 people were in the grounds of Government I loose at that time waiting to see him. On that fact being communicate I to him, he immediately went to bed again, and is now fast asleep. Tbe crowd increases, and is becoming vio lent with rage and disappointment. 8o.it Aims an Fau Seliotohs.— Dr. Quinn, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Uathurst, is reported in the Balhwrtt Tima of Wednesday, in reply to as address of welcome after bis late tour to Port Bourke, to have spoken in warm terms of the hospitality of the squatter* t» route; and, while slloding to the kindness he had re ceived at their bands daring his sojonrn amongst them, took the opportunity of disabusing die minds of Unse amongst his hearers who held the opinion that the squat ters were inimical to the interests of the free-selectors. This was really not the case ; the squatters, as a body, were glad to have txm&fidt; free-selectors is their midst. Tbe animosity which had ao unhappily been generated between these two sections ef the commanity had originated i» a mistake -ia . misconception,- and only wanted explaining to be cleared away. Tbe squatters W«m-feriiag towards *«4jt&free-eelectora;s«d be : hoped soon to see the last remnants of tin BusundenUad ii«Uiat existed swept away forever. I Tee Hair-HoLtBAT Movnmsi » gnwxr — Satur- day is almost -&\- son jo Sydney, AU the wholesale bouses are closed at noon, and there is very little dis position to transact business during the earlier boars of the day. I made a few calls in the morning, but it wa- only to hear a universal outcry over the dulneas of the times and the stagnation of trade. In the afternoon I walked through George-street, where ever snd anon there was thrust into my hand a small bill which said ' Do no shopping after one o'clock on Saturday ;' but I could see no evidence that the early closing, or rather tbe bslf- holiday movement, is making much progress among the shopkeepers. At least nineteen-twenties of all the retail shops were open -but there was evidently very little going on within. Clerks were standing idle in every place that I entered, and the same same story, was everywhere rented-' Never saw times so had be fore. There was, hoirever. one very remarkable ex ception. I went into a retail shoe-shop upon Brickfield Hill where everybody was so excessively busy that I stood at least ten minutes before I could speak to the pro prietor, and then he told me that the only difficulty be experienced was in keeping up sufficient stock to meet the demand. This is one of the few lucky persons who have succeeded in drawing around tbeui an immense connection, attracted by the idea -a very silly one, by the-bye— that they buy cheaper there than elsewhere. There is no question that the public are excessively gul lible, and if I wanted proof of tbe fiiet, I nhould point at once to this immense establishment. -Manninn Hivcr Xtia. Piir.BEKUNa Meat. —Messrs. Medloek and Bailey re cently divulged a plan before the Victorian iSociety of Arta, by means of which, 'in a few minutes, at a trifling outlay, anything of animal origin— from a beefsteak to a bullock ; from a whitebait to a whale— can now be preserved sweet, wholesome, and uncuitaminated for days, weeks, or months if necessary, wholly irrespective of country, climate, or time of year,' It appears that no soldered tin cases are necessary— no complex appara tus. The Deration is attended with no loss of Itavour, and did the eater know nothing of what bastiken place, he would not detect any difference hetween meat or vegetables tbat have beeu so treated for two months at a time, or those which are perfectly fresh. A ti-.icu|-ful of bisulphateof lime, a dewert spoonful of common mlt, caixed in a quart of cold u:iler form a mixture into which meat may be dipped and surfaced with a preser vative. Hipped in this solution for a few minute- mi,l thoroughly wetted, the joint U huns up, the lath l«in» repeated iiiiiht and morning. Game and fiali ro.-iy be treated, it is affirmed, in the same way ; an I for lions,' hold purposes the patent, which exUt* in the prepara tion of lime to which the names of the patentee* are attached, may be found to have its advantages. It noul I seem that an excellent tnide is open U us of pres?rvini; mutton hanuiu the same way as pork hams are |-reie ieH, and hnre imported from England in gre.it im u ft., The Knglisli market only requires to hetem t-! «.tt niieh provender. We fell persuade) that there uojM - a large demand for them nt SI an-J ]0i a pound i., L-ri don ; a price thut would leave an am^le margin ot' y. of;' fur speculators. The recipe if, appended ' Cut ??. »?.*?? quarter of mutton in tbe «U;,e nf a h -m, and ail « a to hang for two or tlnce days Mix 4 lb. of bay salt, 2 oz. of saltpetre, J lb of common salt, and 4 lb of i-oaree sugar, all well pounded together, and make them quite hot before the fire. Then ruli it sell into thu meat, turning it in the liquor every day ; after four days add '. oz more of common salt. Let it remain twelve days in the brine, then take it nut, dry it, and lian- it up in wood smoke for a week. '— Sydney Mail. Ibiuoation. — Vcsctation in sunVrin; from excaa nf sun. The great Life Giver is also the great Slayer. Tlie farmers aro complaining of the fierceness of bis rays, which wither the leaf, suck up the moisture from I heir fields, ind destroy their hopes. It would be u-ell in this emergency il irrigation were p-uwible. Wliat if some of tbe flood water which destructively inundated the now parched districts could have been stored for such a time as this ? Here and there we bear of a little plot of land being watered from tha river which flows beside it, and with the bent results ; and these few experi mental instances make u« strongly desirous of seoini,' a more extensive use of water during tbe summer uiontlm Save in a very few exceptional oases, individual attempts to irrigate would be quite out of the question . Of course a man on the river bank, if be may not dam, can pump up the water and distribute it hy means of olmnnels ; but this is only to be done by those who are fortunate enough to possess a water frontage. For the benefit of persons «lio do not enjoy the river frontage an organised system of irrigation is requisite, Tbe adaptation of tbe ?uctliod, however, ia confined pretty much to crops of artificial grass. Water, of course, may be applied to arable land, but cannot be made to flow nver or irrigate it with any regularity. Tbe effect of the ee»-aee irri gation near London in truly astonishing. We read of a plot of ground 3 roods and 2-! perches in extent yielded IS tons 3 -?»(. of grass two cuttings before May 25tb in the current year ; on June 26th it yielded close upon 10 tons ; on July 20th clow on 10 Ions ; on August 2Jth 8 tons 13 cut ; or 47 tons 16 c»i in fire cuttings before the 24th of August, wbHi in upwards of 50 tons per acre. On another plot which is 3 roods and 16 perches in extent, there were cut in the weeks ending April 20th, May 25th, June 22nd, July 20th, and August 17th respectively -9, 10, 7J, 1(1 1-5, and 9 tons, or 45 tons 15 cvt iu all, which represents a Btill larger quantity per acre. On a plot of 2 acrea 3 roods 3d perches in extent, there were cut, in the weeks ending April 6th and 13th, IS tons 10 cut; on May IStb, 37 tons 9 cat ; on June 15th and 2'2nd, 2S tons 11 cut ; on July 13tli, 27 tons 1 cwt ; and on August 10th, -26 tons 3 cwt, or 137 tons U cwt in all, which it about ).j tons per acre. ' Notvithstanling all that has been said oi bewage grass,' remarks Mr Morion, the man ager of ibis farm for the Sewage Company, ' it is here prove) tlml il is possible to grow Italian rye grass, green and bard, and well developed, ripe and wholesome, ou beds til us irrigated. We believe, then, tli;it in this one crop alone— and many others are being iiroeed available — river side and inland towns have an e-uy ami satis factory escape from all the difficulties which the water closet system and impending legislation are About to bring upon them.' Of course, pure water would not give so treat a return as this, but it woulj force grass sufficiently to justify any moderate outlay.— Sydney Hail. MoBBIKO IRE Pbikce.- By (lie following, which we extract from tbe S. A. AJre'litcr of tbe 2u-l, it appears that tbe loyalty of a portion of the Adelaide folks ba, been rattier oppressively tlenoiHtrateil : -' We re illy hope the eagerness of the pm lii; to sw tlie Duke w.t: be kept within the bounds of deoeno,-. .Mo'.'.in-.iiis llivn: Highness has as little to do with l.va!'y as it bas with good taste, and jumping up iieliind 1 1 1 ._- c.i ru™ to Ik-k at him over the back ia wor»e than MM''.,i,-iiH-s:i .it amounts to a positive assault, fur »hii:!i \\.'n-. :,e~ii'.'trn tors deserve to be handed ovrto ill' p,j i -c We rejoice heartily in every exhibition of respeelful Ln il;y ; hut any person making pretension to ci-en the ru.Kt urlinary ideas of what is deoent and proper must know that to ruBU the Prince till it ia inipassiWl^ ior him to siir out of doors is not only i!l-ui^:iuered, but positively scandalous. Perhaps our readers will think that these msattn are uncnUei iov ; hut « hen we leH them Ibat tbe carriage provided for his I'.oial Hurlinesj has actually had to be sent to the coacbinukeKs for repair, in cunse qttenoe of the damage done to it iiy persons clamoring up behind, it will be seen that we Imve some cause for this protest. It is lad enough for the Duke to be sickened with falsouie palaver in print ; but if he cunnot stir out of doors without being moubed it is still worse, and we hope our present remarks will not be thruwn away.' Paddys Fair at Kid-jet.— At night I went to 'Paddy's Pair,' held on the vacant piece of ground around the ilaymarket, Here there are some hundreds of stalls, mostly lighted with tallow candles, and filled with cheap and inferior goods of almost every descrii tion — bason, poultry, eggs, bultet, drapery, wearing apparel, fruits, vegetables, cheap jeweller}-, lolly-pops, and a. mo t everything else in a delightful state of diso- ,ler - t!ie various vendors of which were all shouting ' ttuga Da ! H&rgaius; I' at the top of their voices, producing a bauel of confused sounds cxeeeding anything I have ever heard except the confusion thrice-confoanded of a campmeet ing in the backwoods ef America. Ibis plaoe is chiefly resorted to by the humbler classes, who are obliged to eke out their scanty means by inlying at a reduced price what could not be sold elsewhere,' and it was astonishing to witness tbe rapidity with which tbe merchandise dis appeared from the vendors' rude stalls. A little after eleven the place was deserted. The idea of a fair ia further carried out at this place hy the nameroat enter tainments provided for the young, in the shape of merry go-rounds, revolving carriages, shooting with pop-fans at targets, and the like— the prioe of all which is the modest Sam of one penny. Some of these sport* seemed to my inezperienoed eye to be highly dangerous, such, for instance, as the rapid light of certain can attached to what might be best compared to the blades of a wind mill, which revolved with great rapidity over and over each other at a distance of 20 or SO feet from thegroond. AU dme ears weie filled with little children, and I shuddered at what might have been tbe inevitable -con- sequence if any of tbe fastenings bad give* way wkiW the machine was in rapid motion -bat ay fears were laughed at by a friend who aenmpaMed tue. The people, high or low, will have their amueoenta, bnt I cannot Mp thinking that tbe public should .oppress such as en danger either to life or limb.— Mattnixg Rmr Htm. £?* 55? iMWitwi «? on m*u*m was. Out. —Tbe MtOxrurnt Argta ftaai* that tht nvotouoa ' vbiefa bas lately been loudly thmtemi la tbe istof coats is beginning. Traditional otisernsees, faallomd * by long pr**eipti..n, a* UlngratUes»lya-«adoiud. The people of BaUarat, cr. at any rate, corns ve-7 noisy and prolix ones amongst them, have rebelled apintt (he compnlsory adoption o£ the swallow-tail coatat tbe forth coming demonstrations at their town. Tbe Beeeption Committee (that is, the constitutional oonsorvatire party4 bare been compelled by the attacks of the democratic element to give op the garment objected to. Tkwfeave decided that gentlemen attending the ball can either attend in full dress or frock coats, whilst for tbe banquet no particular style of coat would be enforced, always pro viding it was of a dark colour. This decision, referring to a ball and banquet at which a prince of the Mood royal of England is entertained, is enough to make the ghost of Beau Drammell turn pale, and tb« bonu ef Jenkins rattle in their grave. A New Method or Swisnumj. The dodges of card sharpera and swindlers appear, to the Melbourne Age, to inereiiBe as rapidly as the public become acquainted with their old liauntsaod habito, although one might ex pect the coutrary result. One day we he»r of a swindle with dice, then with a padlock, and next by measuring round the waist. The latest tricks appear to be fire halls of paper, which are tnwle to mysterious!* appe&r; nod dis appear from under a hat or glass, ai the 'victim »*ts on the number retained by the swindler in Ill's hand. A few days ainw a ' rouni? man from ihe country' was ac costed by ' a stranger' as he was loukin; atthe lively stock of heads in a phrenologist's window in Uourke street. ' Straoffir' was very polite, and the youn; mm qui- kly a--ooui'i:i»ieit him on a walk round the oity tosee the lions. Footsore and thirsty, they ai length adjouued t'i a quiet parlour, wbere the strau^er unburdened iiiio self of hia secret sorrows; tlie fattier aaitau* and the mother pininj for the return of tbeir son t» Bnglind, uhilber he was going in a fe* da u by the good ship lorkshire. Ali of a su Men the dour it ope.ied, snd with a ih.iusinl apologies and the most profuse iroteita dons for his untimely intrusion, ? tbi i.nncipa. eo ors, «n 1 at onw jrlns in the conversation about lh« ' if rue, s-ieet home, ' and the Yorkshire. Littie I it ? ?- pawr quickly umke their ap «arance ; the little ha Is ar- S!t rolling, and 'in no time,' as the young man « iys. 'I lost t'40.' The agent escaped, but the principal was afterwards arrested, and found to be the great Leavy, ao weil-known by his padlock swindle. Be had only beeu liberated a few days. T»K!NO Notick.— A. w iter, dwelling upon the im portant of amnl! tilings, ..ays ' that be always takei nuiee. evtn f a str.w, tspe.i.illy if there bsp,«a» to '.e a -.li -rry ^..bi.ier atoie md of it.' Tub .UaiswATi^n of Lopez —The Washington eor r. --.-:: --i.-.r.' liie Bo-lvi .I.iarnal writing on tbs I.th ,.-.?: 'A i--u--g;v,si, ihe Mowing deiaiUof tiee««f i:i:y.:: cfln n, the h-treyer of Maximilian : 'I arrived i-;;iv, :t:id !e,i-:i'-d (he startling new* of the aai4fisiaa« t r, cf L-- ??!?:. The particulars of the assassination :— L--,--2 -a'. s'..i-, -ing at an hotel in Puebla, where his wife s,'iurn.!.l li::n from her prefcncc. Early ons nomine a Mexican .irrivel, and familiarised with an ostler in a livery stui.le a Ijjining tlie hotel. General Miguel Lopex was inquired for, but not l*ing in, tbe stranger wastol I that the (irneial would be atdinuer. liefore the dinner hour Lopez returned, and wan pointed out to the stianger. who made note of his ruin. When dinner was railed. Lopez and his assassin .iccupid opposite teats at tbs utble. After some minutes, during tflnch the ttiaog* cilled for and drank a glasn of wiuc, he delibeiately r ,*e, drew a concealed knife, and sprang upon Lopet,stab ? tag him nine times. The stranger then took hit bit, and as he started to learc, said ' Tliis is the way all tni otj should be paid.' No one interfered, or prevented tbe assastin from leaving. TIiub was tbe blood of MaximilUu. Miiamen, Mvjia— yea, and thousands of others, avengdd. The report here is regarded as an then tic.' Extbaciino Gold.— Any method by which the -»? trading of gold from it« ore can -« cbeapn.'d or am plified, and which will at the same time increase lbs quantity of metal extracted, must lie cf inestimable value to the miner, and confer a boon upon society generally. The Sevi of tht Wed Informs ui that a Mr W. ConKe8, F.H.S., has ohtained the most eUranrdiniry results by the employment of the sodium amalgam. Iu order to test the power of this amalgam, a pieue of Call fornian ore was selected which had been found ex ceedingly difficult to work hy the ordinary emibrimation process, Hud by wbioh 2 cat 16 dwts per ton were uro duced, while by the sodium process 7 on 6grs, end by a^s.iy 7 ozi 9 dwts were extracted. This is a ?tattling fact, and one which we fancy will be with pleasure, anil commented upon with great eagerness bjr oar (old depen dent community. A Ci.nnarMtn Taupek. At tbe meeting ef the Chester Board of Guardians on Thursday tbe Her. Thomas Pownall applied for relief. His request was a written one. and he stated in his it.ti. appeal ih it he ha I been orJained a minister of ths Church of Kogaod i iv the Bishop nf Oxford ; afterwards heldacaiacy at I) u.l ley, from 1845 to 18SS, when through tbe sin of drunkenness in whicii hehaj heenenBlaved, he separated from his wife and children. lie then went to America, where be wub incarcerated in the asylum, and on being liberated he relumed to England. Afte: Wing 'bought oil' he re-enlisted into the arm;, was dis charged about eighteen months ago. and now be -u so miserably poor that he had to seek the cl'iriiy c: ts« Clic.-ter Corporation. He was admitted into the houiK wbere he wid remain until he is removed to his plaJe of settlement. — Lircrpoul Albion, July I. Tm Atlantic Teieuras-u a»r Chimjmu. Euro pean rorrues, observes tbe Xea York Timei, who bare beeu wont to flee hither for safety after tbe commission of extradiuiaiile offences, are stopped by tbe Atlantic Telegraph from availing themselves of thia country as a convenient refuge. Tbe ocean no longer puta a barrier between the criminal and the offended law, for no matter how great the speed of tbe vessel in which the fugitive takes passage, the inforuiat'on of his guilt il conveyed in an instant across the ocean by the voiceless messenger w-bicli stretches its length f.oin Valentia Uay to Heart's Content, and the officers stand ready to pounce opoit ths rogue the instant bis ship comes to anchor, Ths tele graph h.-is long l-een made nae of for the pursuit and captuve of thieves ; but not until last week, however, was that line whic'j connect? the Old World with U» Now brought into requisition for such a purpose. W* may, therefore, incline among tbe benefits which the Atlantic cMii'e bus conferred upou tlie world tU.auUt anui.' t:. '.:ir.|j the suppie^sion of .Cii'oe.- Of.euurse, criaiinr fu.-invoa iv-jji ' e.liier lieaiishere will he.birer no*, that i his n^w and | oteot agency « at work tar their' appHiunsiun, and .1 g-eat loal i-f exjieuse heretofore at ? ?_n ii- „-. the ?xniiiiu-ioD of prisoners for extradition'! i-efore our Federal courts .rill in futuce be.avoiJfd. We' may all lie glad of this, excepting perhaps tbe criminals themselves, and the lawyers who have profited jivtbeir' ai rest snd examination. .'_?? ,' IltdaiNa Sites. — An engineer ;n India, where gate putts tind p' oi- trivially insecure tearingi tn the deep black R.iil. Mi^gpvtf a mode nf hanging hy which the strain of the j,-a'.e'» weight would be transferred f on tbe lop to the i.oitoui of the jrmt. The shank of tile top . binge passefi loosely through the gate-poet and fastens in an u,. right lever hebind it, which hinges to tbe bottom «f the )iost t«ncalli tlie ground, aud has its fulcrum against the pobt near the ground. Tbe weight of the gate thus pulls on the uuperend of tbe lever and ensues araluEt its fulcrum near the ground, shortening the lever age of the strain by the whole distance between tin two biugrs of the gate Ibc whole pressure ?gainsttbe pjst is exerted close to the ground. The Zocjte Doctor.— Tlie Pall Hall Oatitte says the trumpeter of the Zouves, whose miraculous eoTM of tnlsv, paralysis, and other iofirorities have tees a Mm l days' wonder for the gossips and puttie for the saraut of Paris, tuins out to be no great conjuror after all. The vase on which his fame chiefly rested w hi* sl'erad restoration to Marshal Fureyoftbefreeaseof hisUaba, but tbe Marshal's aide-de- camp fiuts quite a new aspect on ths affair. Fortbe hut three noBthi the Marshal has been able to move only with the aid of ? stick and the support of a friendly arm. All tbe 'oiiatle' Ura Zonave performed was to take away the (tick, to bid tin servant to stand aside, an,d to compel the Marshal, by mustering all bis strength and resolution, to totter pain fully for a few steps, wbeotoMWihaustediBioaehair. This is his uniform style of treatment, and Ha efiecta an equally evanescent and illusory, lamb** peremptoiy tone of command stinalatos tbe patient to ttaJktfcgrskt elJort to obey tisordera, and is some case* tbe few|*eei which are thus tain witixntaid mar ImbU' ? oM * of eoafifJeoce end hope wfakh i. nut witfent a salttat* effect os tbe mind ot the invalid. Ao eve-whatm, at* was present one day is tbe louare't con— His, itm. aaysthatabea bet-are die order 'Rises** walk,' 4s sort of moaning whine, evidently preaueed fej fear ttl doubt, broke from tbe line of cripples, wfae wen, fcew ever, awed by Jacob's violent msnecr in trraftetep their balance and ?ttaggle Moss OefeersttB tfca- reached the d o . 'Ko.. jW« eared,' (hotted *»»., inspired trumpeter, 'be off wift tee; ptettu mof fr tmmp.' & is iu-p«stUe.fst coarse, toaay bow far (Us is eonteieu im.^stem or Osl/ aetf- Jsespase ; hulk* ' mtnete' at leaet it tttaetf f» * mre raigsr ***? - 