RITUAL COMMISSION. (From the Times.) I CONnr.Tirmn "1 Several inquiries were made respecting the general tendencies of this system. Mr. Le Geyt says that five or six persons, but not more, from his congregation, have joined the Roman Church within the last nine years. He is asked whether Romanists have attended the service. He replies, " at all events very rarely," and he does not remember any well authenticated instance. Mr. Webb considers that his style of service works against Popery. Perverts to Roman Catholicism, who have become dissatisfied with the Roman theology, have welcomed his service as the nearest approach to primitive models. Mr Hughes says that the Roman Catholics of Portsmouth, offered no opposition to him so long as he confined himself to a simple Anglican service, but as soon as he adopted the vestments he was at once denounced by the Roman Catholic Bishop of the district. He treats this as a proof that his system is hostile to Roman Catholicism, but the public will be inclined to place a different interpretation on it. It shows, if anything, that his practices are so like Roman Catholicism that even Romanists might be entrapped into joining them. Irle asserts, farther, that the whole tone of his parish has been improved since his innovations. This is a post hoc propter Ace, of which the Ritualists make great Mi. At I Ittaotaa much could be alleged for the opposite schools. Mr. Bennett says that only two curates have left him to join the Roman Church, one of whom has since returned. He informs us also that many Dissenters have been led to join the church in his parish, and that scarcely a month passes without his receiving some of them. On the other band, Mr. Clay, of Brighton, attributes the same result to a precisely oppo- site system. The latter gentleman describes the case of a young lady, brought under the influence of the clergy of St. Paul's, whom he was called on to visit. She had been invited to confession in that church, and the result was that the had been led to think that she had no choice between Keratin Catholicism and infidelity. According to Mr. Clay, the young lady said that the clergyman who received her connection expressed his agreement in this sentiment, and advised her to place herself under a Roman Catholic priest, Mr. Wagner repudiates any knowledge of the race ; but whatever explanation may be offered, It is difficult to suppose that Mr. Clay can be in error as to facts which have come under his own experience. Sir C. B. , Beadon upri't-tLta that the effect of these practises has simply been to restore the Holy Communion to its just pom ion m on g the services of the Church. The Bishop of London asks him very pertinently whether there be not some dancer in going too far in the opposite direction. But Mr Seddon thinks it impossible that this should follow from the introduction of the vestments, for Bishop Wilson. pray ed for them. " Then you believe," said the Bishop of London, to the infallibility of Bishop t Wilson," To which Mr. Seddon, in effect, replies that he does very nearly, i A great deal of evidence is given as to the feeling with which these practices are generally regarded. Mr. D. Wilson narrates the circumstances under which the attempt of the late Bishop of London to introduce various rubrical observances was defeated in the parish of Islington. An monstrance against the proposed change was at once placed to his hand, signed by 3000 of the parishioners, and in one of the district churches half the congregation stayed away one Sunday from the mere apprehension of innova- tion. He thinks his parishioners would still be similarly sensitive, and that any attempt to introduce Ritualism would at once drive them to Dissent. Mr. Le Geyt says that he has never had a remonstrance from any one, but we have already seen what is the value of his assertion that the pressure upon him has always been in the other _ three-. tion. Be considers that adorned services attract chiefly the higher and lower strata of society, and his chief difficulty is with the middle class, but their dislike had not amounted to positive opposition. Mr. Webb, in the same way, says that educated persons are attracted by his services, and his congregation includes a considerable number of lawyers and physicians. Curiously enough, he says that Unitarians are particularly attracted by such a ritual. Mr. Le Geyt says that he thinks his church has drawn some, but not many, from the parish church. There is a Low Charoo, near him from which he has drawn some people, but they have drawn none from him. Mr. JNugceooneidere that his people on the whole are favourable to his proceedings, but his account looks very much as if they had been inclined to oppose him strongly at first and had then let him go his own way. The strongest opposition was when he began the choral service. Since he introduced the vestments he has had no difficulty, except that some people, who must have bed very nicely balanced consciences, were uneasy about the incense. A Dissenting chapel has been closed in his parish, and the proprietor is now in his choir, and is one of his best supporters. To counterbalance this, however, one of the landowners, after exhausting his patience in fruitless opposition, has built a Church of England chapel of his own, which appears to be attended by a considerable number of the parishioners of all classes. He has procured the services of a Huntingdonian Minister and declares himself still a faithful member of the Church of England. Mr. Nugee does not hesitate to say that the reason why some stay away would soon be perceived if their lives were looked into "A great mass" of the people would be glad to give him more vestments if he wanted them, and he seems to describe the Church of England chapel of which we speak as a small prayer meeting. The fact, however, remains, that the practices of Mr. Nudgee and the neighbouring clergy, who seem all of the same school, have created a body of " Church of England Dissenters " Mr. Bennett says that no objections have been made to his recent innovations, but that some persons left his congrega- tion before he had appeared among them. It is very possible that the latter fact may explain the farmer, and that the explanation applies to most of these cases. Some interesting evidence is afforded of the different views which are taken of strictly ritual and of simply choral services. Mr. Le Geyt says that the Church people in his district who do not join his congregation are accustomed to attend to two neighbouring churches where the service is choral. Mr. Kemp, has introduced chanting the Psalms in his Evening Ses vice, and finds that the change is very acceptable. He adds a very remarkable opinion on this part of the subject. He believes that the taste for a musical service is very rapidly increasing and extend- ing itself very widely. " I have had," he says, " some remarkable illustrations of the manner in which it extends to those who are extremely sensitive about so-called ritualism, and what may be considered to be Roman tendencies in service ; how those persons, almost in the same breath, have expressed their warm approval of choral services and their strong disapproval of what are called ritualistic practices." The Dean of Carlisle draws a similar distinction. He says that all the religious people with whom he is acquainted would object to ritualism, but not to choral services altogether. A very curious fact is established by his evidence and that of the Dean of York, The Dean of Carlisle has found that the choral services of the Cathedral seriously deter the mechanics of that city from attending the Cathedral. But he states that this is an idiosyncrasy of the Cumberland people. They are very unmusical ; while the inhabitants of York on the contrary, have *' an intense love " of choral services, and maintain an excellent choral association. The Dean of York fully confirms this description, and the services in York Cathedral are crowded by working men. A very important point in this inquiry concerns the position held by ritualistic churches towards the parishioners of their district as a body. It is, we think, clear from the evidence that, with one exception, none of these churches depend on the support of the parish in which they are placed. They all rely upon the assistance of strangers, and strangers generally form the mass of the congregations. The only apparent exception is St Barnabas, Pimlico, the incumbent of which is able to say that out of 600 communicants on Easter Sunday, not more than 60 lived more than three quarters of a mile from his church. It may, perhaps, be a question whether the neighbourhood of St. Barnabas does not happen to include just that class of people who have a taste for elaborate ritual. Mr. Nngee's church might seem, at first, to offer another exception. We have seen, indeed, that there is a schism among the churchmen of his parish, but he is still able to say that the great mass of his congregation are from his own people. He adds, however, that he exercised a great influence ever the young officers in Portsmouth garrison, and that it is becoming quite the fashion among them to go over to Wymering on a Sunday morning. In fact, though Wymering is a country church, it happens to be in the neighbourhood of just that synthetic material which generally furnishes an extraneous support to such churches, Mr. Le Geyt confesses that his congregation cannot be called a parochial one. He urges that the people of his district are not of a class which is fond of church-going but the Archbishop of Canterbury justly replies that out of a population of 10,000 they might expect to supply at least a majority out of a congregation of only 900. Mr. Webb makes a similar statement respecting St. Andrew's, Wells street. The majority of his congregation are not parishioners, and if no strangers came he believes that his church would be empty or comparatively so. Among other consequences he would at once be insolvent, as, according to him, his neighbours are but it may be replied that it would then be unnecessary to spend £1000 a year on a choir. Mr. Cardwell reminds him that his church was established for the purposes of a Peel district, and was, therefore, primarily intended for the poor and he confesses that, as a matter of fact, this purpose is not answered. The churchwarden of St. Alban's gives a similar account of the congregation of that church. A large number of the communicants come from a distance, and without them it would be quite impossible to maintain the services. The forms of a parish are kept up in such districts, but they are little more than forms. Out of the 10,000 people in Mr. Le Geyt district, about 20 or 30 come to his vestry, and he admits it is " scarcely a fair represents tion of the people." The St. Alban's vestry is attended by four or five parishioners, and it is not always easy to make a quorum. The peoples' churchwarden" is, in fact, proposed and elected in two or three minutes by less than half a dozen of the people. It is obvious that ch arches which stand in this position have purely an artificial existence, and cannot be considered to have in any degree, as yet, struck their roots in their own districts. Mr. D. Wilson, of Islington, on the other hand, says that out of 900 seatholders in his church there are not more than six or eight who do not reside in his parish. In connection with this point it is material to ask how far the pretensions of the Ritualists to be peculiarly the Church of the poor are sustained by facts. The answer must be that they are entirely unsupported. The attendance of the poor is most inadequate everywhere, but it is just as satisfactory in churches of other schools as in those of the Ritualists. It is fashionable to feel a pious horror at Mr. D. Wilson's statement, that 900 out of the 100 seats in his church are appropriated, and that the seatholders resisted a proposal that they should allow their seats to be thrown open at one service. But in practice the poor never attend in larger, if in so large, proportion as is represented by this divine sion of sittings, Mr. Le Geyt says that the poor come in fair numbers to his church, perhaps they form 200 out of the 900 in his congregation. He thinks that his services attract the poor. He has known those who have once looked in return and become regularattendanto. He agrees with most of the other Ritualists that the poor prefer coming to early morning services. They mostly come to his early communion. Mr. White, of St. Barnabas, says that a very large proportion of poor are on his list of communicants, sod his congregation includes a large number of his own poor. He, too, says that the services attract them, and he believes that church services induce them to come. At the same time, in answer to an inquiry whether i he has known persons of the poorer or middle classes snatch time from their work or their meals to attend the services of the Church, he replies " Never," and it may be added that the persons are not numerous who do this in other classes. We should think more of this gentleman's evidence if he did not state his belief that the London poor are not amen able to a sort of charitable bribery. The statement is no doubt true about independent artisans, but there is never any difficulty in getting a certain number of poor people to come to church if they are judiciously relieved there. We have already quoted some of Mr. Webb's admissions, but he says, nevertheless, that he has a considerable number of poor., Mr. Nugee gives a very extraordinary piece of, evidence. He says that until he adopted the vestments he never saw a poor man's copper in his offertory, but the increased magnificence of his ritual had a great effect upon " the illiterate mind," and the poor began to giveinpro portion to their enhanced appreciation of the service. The churchwarden of St. Alban's gives a precisely opposite piece of evidence He says the poor come to the morning service when the offices are road, but the full service at noon is too high for them. This gentleman claims a considerable attendance of the poor at St. Alban's, but he is directly contradicted by some important evidence from the Superintendent of the City Missionaries in the district. This gentleman, from his own inquiries and from the reports of the missionaries, " can state that scarcely any of the poor and working classes of the parish attend the services of the church, and the objections which they have to the practices." Two missionaries, he adds, have for twenty years had the whole parish divided among them, and, snowing all the persons they have stated to him that not more than about eight or ten in each district, to their knowledge, attend the services of the church regularly or irregularly. He employed a trustworthy, agent to reckon the number of poor of the congregation, and on an occasion when the church was full not more than eight P^T,000]* be recognised as belonging to the working classes. He observed a similar result in the evening, and on one or two other occasions. It is clear that the ^'«»"'-SgJKS must be at least equally numerous at Mr. D. Wilson church, who says that out of 300 communicants from 100 to 160 belong to the poorer classes. We are tatoes was? thatthetfnthis to be found in Mr Recipe's says, that there is " a sad want of attendance " among the working classes. He states that a large Dissenting chapels his district is no better attended by the poor. He gives a remarkable account, however, of the comparative success has , district church in his parish St. Luke's, Berwick-street, The former incumbents have, he says, been very good preachers, but they have always failed in attracting the poor population of the district. The present incumbent has adopted a very complete choral service, and the read M has been a larger attendance of the poor than has over been known before. But this instance cannot be quoted alto gether in support of the theory of the Ritualists, of Mr. Kempe states that the incumbent, Mr. Harry Jones, combine broad Church doctrine with his musical ritual. ' If we turn again to the mere numerical attendance at the different sorts of churches, we cannot discern that the Ritualists are more successful than, their neighbours. They boast, perhaps, a larger number of communicants, bw to shoulder remembered that the Ritualists place an extraordinary importance upon attendance at sha Sacrament. Nevertheless, the attendance at the Communion in Mr, Clay's chapel at Brighton appears as equal in comparison with the congregation as is observed at any of the Ritualistic churches. St. Barnabas, Pimlico, seems the most successful. The average number of communicants every Sunday is 165 and on Easter Day it amounted to 734. Of these 696- attended at the evening services, and 207 at 3 o'clock in the morning. It is a High Church riJe, (though, utterly unsupported by any order of our Church, that the Communion should be received fasting. At Mr. Clay a church the average number of communicants is 270 ; some- tables there are more than 400, and on Easter Day there were 600. It should be added that the administration of the Sacrament are not nearly so numerous at this church as at St. Barnabas. The communicants at St. Alban's met Easter-day were 516. Mr. Webb has an. average of 140 communicants out of a congregation of LeoD Mr. D. Wilson has from 160 to 200 out of a congregation of 1466\. At Mr. Kempe's church the communicants used to be 300 on Easter Sunday ; but their number is gradually diminishing from the increasing habit among his congrega- tion of spending the Sunday out of town. It is very little salt to compare the different sums contributed by the various congregations. The Ritualists abandon all modes of collection except the offertory, bag in comparing them with other churches it must be remembered that in the latter a large sum is frequently raised by new rents as well as by special collections aller sermons, Mr Le Geyt offertory amounts to £1000 a year, and besides this there are school funds and clubs for the poor. At St. Barnabas, Pimlico, the offertory amounts to from £1200 to £1300 a year. At St. Andrew's, Wells street, It amounts to 2500 a year, and, including other subscriptions, the total income of this church is £4000 a year. Mr. Nugee receives from this source £2 a week. Mr. Bennett's offertory is £600 a year. The St Alban's offer- tory during the year which ended last Easter amounted to more than £2000. Mr. D. Wilson's collections and offer tory together amounted to £460 a year, but to take must be added the pew rents. At St. James's, Piccadilly,, the offertory and charity sermons together yield £1300 or £1400 a year, and the new -'rents here must be a large sum. But the Ritualists are fully equalled by Mr, Clay, who, in a pew rented church raises £1300 a year for charitable objects, in addition to £1100 a year for the support of the ministry and the fabric We must notice one other point in which the various schools are very much alike. There is no practical difference between them in respect to their observance of the rubrics. Some of the members of the Commission, for instance, seemed very much shocked by Mr. Wilson's admission that he repeated the words of administration to each calling of communicants instead of to each individual, and betray a great contempt for his plea that he found the practice absolutely necessary in order to curtail the service, In the first place, as Mr. Clay urges, who adopts the same practice, they do but follow the example of the great majority of the Bishops, who adopt a similar plan in the Confirmation service. But when the Ritualists are ?? examined, it proves that they almost invariably' omit the longer exhortation prescribed by the rubric, and when asked their reason, plead the " absolute necessity " of shortening the service. In fact each party accommodates the rubric to his own convenience, and alters it as it suits his taste. The Bishop of Oxford elicits from almost every witness violation of the rubric j in reading the customary invitation to the Communion before the sermon instead of after it. Indeed, some of the Ritualists were not even aware of the order of the public on this point. In truth to an impartial observer the Low Churchmen appear to the greatest advantage by a rubrical test. If they violate . rubric, they simply fall in with an established custom. Mr. D. Wilson represents that he is guided by the rubric, modified by the long practice of the Church." He obtained also on one occasion . an opinion from Dr. Lushington that he could not be- required, in obedience to the rubric, to read daily prayers. The Ritualists, on the other hand, to justify their variations in the face of their professed ritual zeal, have to resort to the most idle subtleties Mr. Le Geyt, for instance, who has adopted the convenient plan of separating the Litany from the ordinary service, pleads that he is only directed to read it "after" Morning Prayer, which does not necessarily imply immediately after. We must say that the subtleties of interpretation to which these gentlemen resort are hard to reconcile with candour. Mr. Nugget is asked how he reconciles his practice of elevating the elements with the statement in our Article that the sacrament was not by Christ's ordinance lifted ? up. He re- plies that the stress in that phrase is on the words " by Christ's ordinance." Mr. Perry again suggests that when the law commands a uniformity in " rites and ceremonies," it means merely the rites and ceremonies themselves, and not the way of conducting them. But Mr. Beresford Hope is the most ingenious who argues that in the debated phrase, "shall be retained," the word " shall," being in the future, neutralises any reference to the past in the word "retained." The Dean of Carlisle is relieved of any such embarrassments by confessing that he took the services as he found them, and carried them on. He believes they have been conducted in the same way for the last 100 years, and Mr. D. Wilson believes that no change has been made in the parish church of Islington for a similar period. No evidence was adduced which would tend to show that a fuller ritual had ever been used, even in our Cathedrals, since 1862. The Dean of Carlisle has two old cope in safe keeping, but they may be 300 years old, and there is no evidence of their having been worn. The only ornament which appears now to be in his possession is a staff with a silver knot). It remains to mention one or two suggestions for amend- ing the law. Mr. Deverell, who has built the Church of England Dissenting Chapel in Mr. Nugee's parish, would have authority given to the Bishop to license chapels for dissentient congregations whenever appealed to by a sufficient number of the parishioners. He is reminded that this might facilitate the multiplication of ritualistic chapels, but he replies, in effect, that he is not in the least afraid of the result of a fair competition. It is curious that Mr. Bennett makes a not very dissimilar proposal. He believes that the Act of Uniformity is the cause of all the evils of the Church. He sees no reason why within the same Church there should not be a thousand forms of worship, from the most bare to the most ornate. He. himself, he says, if necessary, could worship under either form. The incumbent and the congregation should, in the first instance, decide for themselves. There should be an appeal to the Bishop, and from him to the Church in Synod assembled. But Mr. Bennett explains that he does not mean Convocation, which is only a Parliament, but the whole Church, clergy and laity, assembled together, and deciding under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. He would be contented, however, as a maximum, with the ritual allowed in Edward VI's first book. Mr. D. Wilson, it may be worth adding, expresses Mb desire that permission should be given for dividing the services. Such are the general results of this evidence. The ap- pendix to the report contains several interesting documents. The first is an address by the Bishops in 1861 remonstrat- ing against the early introduction of High Church Ritual, and condemning the principle now urged so strongly by the Ritualists, that they have a right to adopt any usages of the pre-Reformation Church which are not formally forbidden. This claim is, in fact, simply the principle of "Tract XC." transferred from the Articles to the ceremonial of the English Church, and it must be similarly repudiated. The Bishop of Exeter, however, entered a vigorous protest, which is also quoted, against the decision of his colleagues. There is also a strong declaration against Ritualism from the American bishops, but they, too, have one decided dissentient among (their number. The Appendix also contains the conflicting opinions given by distinguished lawyers last year', whitE contain the whole law of the case for the entertainment or Instruction of the curious. It is stated in .' Liebig's Annals " that Herr Hoppe Seyler has found the metal sodium in two different specimens of Wolfram, one which came from Zinn wald, the locality of the of i being unknown. To detect its presence the mineral may he dissolved in chlorhydric, or nitric acid, and other metals can be separated in the usual manner. M. Rayer, Physician in Ordinary to the Emperor of the French, has died suddenly. Since 1862 he held the Professorship of Comparative Medicine, though, singularly enough, he never discharged the duties of his office. He was known abroad as the champion of English Medical Science and the firm opponent of Vefpeau, whom he has just followed. The subject of the development of the eye in fishes has been carefully studied by Herr Schenk, who now publishes a paper embodying the results of his re- searches. Herr Schenk finds that the lens is developed from the external germinal Pamella:, and that the retina is developed from the thick inner wall of the secular vessel, the thin external wall contributing to form only the pigmentary layer of the choTOid coat. 