MAID Scb^mis and sbbw Solducs SwsBTUliETa.-A (soonly court use w«« , heard OD > Wednesday before Sir John -Eardley Wiknot, when the 'plaintiff, . boMMUtlij, «utd the defendant, a Life Guardcman, for the sum of £&, which ebe J»d lent htm. loatiewer to the jud^e m to whether lie #u not nbimed lo Tito Upon the hard-earned wages of . domestic ' ..erraot, defendant Mia that other Life Guardsmen did it, and thatwben eirls walked o»i with Life?? Ourdion tbe^ feuewthat,the/ would have topayforthe graUfioatlpn,. 0n w occasion., plaintiff uked him is bring another eoldier to meet her and a feilow-eervantat- Hyde- park. «»rntr, and «eeotnpanjr them to Hampton Court raoei. He and . corporal MDondjngly went down with the two girls lo the races in a drag, and the girla paidrfor everything. He admitted .that the plaintiff bad been Vel7 gouerona to him, but be denied having borrowed the '£6 for which bo had heen enmmoneil.-The judge, in non-iuit ing the plaintiff on the ground that abe had no corrobuTftiro eridenoe, > aaid there ooold be 410 tloobt aoldiers inveigled aer> ?ante to plsoetof ili-repute, and lived in * manner on tbeir -earnings. ... The lAdy Who wak initiated iuto ITree ntaaonryw.** Mr».- 8t. Leger, daughter of LnrdDoneraile. It wa» aboQt tlie year -1JT8B, on ihe pcoaeiAo.tof a lodgebpjug bald M liord Dimenile'a bouse, that hia daughter aecreted iierislf in an adjoining room that m then voder repair, and having extracted a brick from a'thin wall, bWd and aaw all that transpired in giving the drat two -degree* of fFreeinsaonry. Afterwards be coming alarfued at what ehe bad illegally been .. ^riineai of, abe, attempted to make her eacapk through the lodge-room, but waa prevented fro* doing so by the tyler at the <|oor. At flrat, "4 is auteil, eome of the .member* were for laying violent baiida apoii her, hot her bruti^r, who happened to be^a member of the M»e, ioterfer^d, and suggested that ahe aboald^e.initiated aud beoouie a member, eo that ahe taighll^ bound to eeoreayrfor the future. Tb)»*af done, and history informs at that her subseqcpat Jife showed that abe Wpa deeply itn|<reased with the beantiea of Free masonry, aud ctrricd out tu the talleat ektent tbe brightest jewel which adorut it, and that ia charity. Her li&ml; «u vliraya open to the dietrensod, particularly, to Masons, aud ahe died lull of years, amidst the regret of ail who b«i the happiness of 'knowing her.-Limerick Chronicle. Pbici OF HorbkflrbH.-The Ootdbum Herald mentiona that the other day (arty* une bead ef hur«ea were sold by auction in Goulbnrn for £& 16*. 6J. Eleven bead were knocked Wown at 5d. eaoh; sereu head at 6d., and tbe rest at different prices up to lOi, per bead. ' . A fond "mother, in excusing tbe late j hoars kopt by a favourite son, declared that " be had such An overplus of spirits that, not being able to eihftustthem all in one night, be was forcibly driven to encroach upon the next morning to enable him properly to get through them." New STKiPPiNa-H^CHlifE.-Newtown was recently the scene of A trial of a new stripping machine, constructed on the principles of the patent applied fjr by Mr. 11. 11. Firth, farmer, Oxley, and just completed to that gentleman's order by Messrs. Stranghair *nd Duncan, of the "Beeclivrorth Foundry The great feature iu this machine, as differing from other strippers, is that it is adapted for apy description of grain, and that tha pro cesses of stripping, thrashing, and win-, nowing are carried on at the same time; . in fact, as a .gentleman remarked, it only required the addition of .a pair pf millstones lo enable it to convert the grain into flour before leaving tl<« field. The trial was of course only partial, as g ripe crop of grain on which, to operate would «e rather difficult to ft.id at the present time; but . still, seeing the machinery in motion, and the manner in wliioh it worked, one could not fail to be impressed with the idea that the invention is likely to realise the expec tations formed of it. . The machine differs little in size from an ordinary stripper, and can be moved from place to pfcca with equal .facility j; whenin full operation in the harvest field, five horses will be required to work it, the horses going in single file in ordinary leading-harness. As regards the working, the.heads of the grain, after being severed iu the usual 1 manner, are carried up by elevators to the top of the machine in front, where they are thrashed and then passed on to a grating; through this they fall on to a pair of swinging, sieves or gratings t these are kept continually in motion, aud the grain, being the heavier body, falls through into a recepticle provided, the tailings and other refuse finding a lodging in another compartment.. winnow ing process is elraoted daring the passage of the grain to Jke gratings, by a fan . placed in tbe interior of the machine, the chaff apparently being blown ,< away altogether- Klecidedlf not a recommenda tion to those'ffctaieMwho are in the habit -of preserving chaff for stock- feeding pur poses. fit!If in spite of thia drawback, if it be OQ^, .theft jua ifiiiiiys point* about this new invention whioh should recom mend it to agriculturists. If, on trial in tbe harvest field, the machine is found to /do its work without any bitch, there.is no doubt but that it wilt bis of great benefit to farmers, as anything must be' which which tends to reduce the cost of produc tion. Considering the low rates now rul-' l'og, and Skely to rule,' for grain, the wages demanded and P*id tp harvestmen are out of all proportion to the value of the commodity when fit for market. With wheat at 8s., and oats at 2s per bushel, tbe thirty shillings and two pound* an acre paid for reaping, alone leave" the grower nothing whatever for bis labours. Machinery has tgade farthing pay in Cali fornia, a country in much the same posi tion as regards labour as this colony, and it is only by the adoption of all the lateat improvements that Victorian agriculturists can ever h.ipe to make their calling a re-, munerative ow.-^Owu Advertiser. Keltos OF. OLD LOITOOK,-The oldest booses now left in London are ontside - the old walls-that is, ontside Newgate -and -outaide Temple Bar. Of these, the most a venerable is ajgroup of fonr in Gray's Ion *Lane, near tbe turning to Liqoorpond street, They are. of wood, with curious gables, ati<l have their date on them, 1(95, a Tew years after the 8panish Armada. ' They stoop forward la a tottering way," and lean against etch other as if exhausted and bslf imbecile with age. They are grime.l \- with the amoke and dirt of centuries. They evidently wa»t !o get oat ef it and tofcreair op the partnership. Even the grim conical faees on the corbels are fited in a sort of ruefal paia. In Wyach-strcet and Holy well-street thuro are seVeral of: the same date. In Bell-yard, opposite the Temple, there is a fine old Charles L bouse, and there are-some weather-boarded tenements in a passage leading from it that mutt have bad a narrow esoape indeed from the re venging flames, when tbey .were biasing juit across the street. ? In Bishopsgato, -nearly opposite Widegate-atreet, there is a fine old merchant's boose, onoe belonging to Sir Paul Pindar, who was raihed by bis devotion to t{ie cause of .Charles I. This house nut have bran iVtbe foil-current of, the^ great fire. Men standing in tbeee ourious prajeotiog windows thai fill its front mnst have felt !he very beat of tbe flames, and bave.seeo eaoh. other'* Jsoes redden in . the eeorobing and threatening glare. But there is a *roftp pf sneh bosses in Holborn that always especially strikes tlie sb beiog mush in the same condition as when they were built, soon^after the disqovery of the Gunpowder Plot, and thst is Staple's .Inn, that |ong tow of six black gable-ended fronts close to .Middle Bow, a narrow channel, close to' where the old bars and ' chains used to, cross the road, lev after year I have passed that archway of Staple's ton and atill those old brotherly triack gables, dry as chips, and almost inviting a fire, rise grim and desolste above tbe bus/ little shops that have neatled lbemselvet at their feet. Ho«r gften hare I looked upop the doleful windaWs ehbte, and * wotidersd if human beings or ghosts tenanted tbern. Peeping, through the low arebway, you . catob glimpses of the lull, with its stuoe ebaftejj windows, and beyond there is a gsr den, where black'sparrows perch on black . trees that begin to bud aoout June, when oountry badges have been three week* or «b*w in kaf. When the fire vat at tbe < . foot of Chscneeiy-laue it same dangerously ne*vthose rat»baooted roofs, and tbe eohrt yards where lawyers gboste psee and eon sblt in maonlight nights. The very crash of the falling bouses ami the roar of the flames must hat* been r.eard j?? those quiet courts and from those <lismal windows. Tbe wind did not shift, alid Staple's Inu was saved. There is no block of houses more truly aud ptrrely antique iu all Lou* don than those I have ditsoribed. Walter Thornbury, iu CatteFa Magaxint. Tbd sieve tbr<inglT which tbe mm j "straiued every nerve" is for sale at fir.t cost, ? ., I ?IA JOLLY FELLOW.-In an account of " Flinders Country " in the Cleveland Bay hxprett, the writer, while congratulating tlo people upon the freedom of the water htles, not near the Gulf, from anything htatjle to man, BO that a fnssh bath can bl enjoyed without fear or danger of losing a leg down an a ligator'a throat, says: " rberp it one jollv tellow.on the Albert, n»r Burke Town,* that may beaaidtobe almost. an inhabitant of the town; he is of enormous size, and fears neither man I nor beast; if a bullock or hone swim the riper,- ten to one if it lsoda without being1' m*tilfited, and if a dog tnkes a'swim-he U almost sure to be caught by the monster.. Many shots hare been fired at him, but his skin is aaid to be proof against the tlit bullet of a rifle. He sometimes comes aninear the ferry boat that old Jack the ferryman gives him a slap over the back with an oar."' * This is the queerist des cription of a jolly fellow, that ever we met with; he may be a hearty old buck, but we desire no introduction; we art content to 'acknowledge his qualities and pecu liarities at a distance. If leaden bullets won't do, why don't their try silver ones, as they did on the gallant Claverhowe' -the last of the Cavemen. < Ihere is an absence .bf one or two luxuries on the flinders, which we .enjoy to perfection here, and to whicli we haro grown so accustomed that we regard them almost as absolute comforts-" there are no blow flies and oo fleas in theUc^js." Wha), a 'wretched place it must be. A FOWL AFF&IB; A. gentleman who writes to the Port t)eru*on Tim** says that lie has thirty hens-laying, but can't get an egg from them, and bas only just found out the reason, via., that one ofhis neigh bours who has uo hens of his own, places chalk eggs on his premises, and so entices the hens. from their legitimate nests. When th'e injured manwent on to his -neighbour's premises and laid'bis grievance before him, the man of chalk insulted him, and' told lym if he.came again he would put him in the.lock-up. If this is not. adding insult to injury, we don't know what is. It Is infinitely worse than an aneedpto we beard eoaie time since of a man who stole a neighbour's sheep; and having cooked a portion of it, shot the same neighbour's dog for presuming to ran #way with a portion ot «cold shoulder. | But tWtrriter of the letterconelndee his plaint by an extraordinary qu'estioifc; he (asks the Dublic if they vml ibform him Jffhethpr tnev consider such conduct/iir play. We entmld call it find play-and veiy-and we fancy the public 'will go with us in our opinion.-Jforikem Aryut. The draught entire Prinoe, Alfred, im ported some two or thresyears ago by Mr. A. Wienholt, is now stabled at Messrs. M'jjennaa and Duncan's, until the next steamer loaves for Sydney. Mir. Wienholt has determined to send thia hoese to Messrs. Burt and Co. for sale, as he cannot And a purchaser for him in Queensland these dull times; Prinoe Alfred was bred by Hia Royal Highness the late Prince Consort lie is a fiuebay hone, about sixteen hands high, and u now a little coon than six years old, as he was foaled on March 91st, 1861. It is a pily that such a valuable and well-brad borse should leave this colony, hit Mr. Wienholt " has three other imported draught entires, and consequently wishes to dispose of the Prince, and as he cannot find a purchaser in Queensland, is forced to send the horse to Sydney.-Courier. Boreniiiauta AJTD AXTMIR AT Mun m-Ttioasi Bromby, a carrier, was stuck up and robbed last night, on the road from nokewood to Oodit, at a plsoe oslled M'Mullen's Bridge, lour iniles from Roke wood. The followiajg^is a eorrtet deeerip tion of (be murderer s-About twsnty-five «r thirty years of age, rather slight bnt muscular build, dark complexion, with light whiskers, the - latter email under the chin ; the tnouth very much "open, particularly when speaking; remarkably good teeth g wore dark ooat and light trnuoert, .probably moleskin. SuMuipector Maon&mara; pro- ' .Ceeded on Sunday morning to the aeene of the tnurdsr, and ooustablei are scouring the country in every direciioa on the look oat for the murderer. The following particulars have been eoHnwnioated to as by tbs police:-A esriom esse of buihranging, which for bratality has not probably been equalled in any single attempt of tbe kind before, occurred on tbe 81st ultimo, at a place called Mullen's Bridge, about four miles distant from Rokewood.'' filr. Thomas - Bromby, a farmer, whilepiliinu along tbe road at tbe. point named, fa bis waggon, was aocoated by a man who1 we presume oauie up to him on horseback. After a ?' .abort altercation, Aowing what the visitor wss, he pulled out a revolver and flred three ataou in sneeeuion at Mr. Bromby, eaoh of ' them taking effect in bis body, file victim ' of the shots, leaping from his'waggon, ran across the country, pnraued by tbs robber. After running lor a considerable disUnoe he fell down exhausted from loss of MooA. The highwaymen, who bad flred tvro/shots after tbe disohsrge of the three wbioli took effect, than came up, and ta the most br*tal manner .bast Mr. Bromby until be became insensible. He' then took from hint in £1 notes, £2 10s in gold, audebme silver; after which be .made off. Mr. Bromby is not expected to reopver from tbs effects-of the shots and tbe assault; but is in a very dangerous state. Tbe Rokewood poliee are now in pursuit-of tbe offender, but so far as they bsve gone, witbont success. The only Owlery in England is in tbe kesp of Arundel Cistle, -Bosses. From time iiuuieaiurial the noble owners of this lisrouial oaatlo have kept np the breed of eagle owls in the ruined tower, as in days .of chiyajry. The birds are arranged In a Irellised aviary, with . nobis name attached to each iage. .Under one is .Lord Uldon, then coma» Sir .William Grant, the learned master of the Rolli, and so in sneeession. The moit Jamoos lawyers of the day are supposed to be sitting there with all the gravity and wisdom characteristic of their profession. One morning, when tbe late duke qnd liii dnshesi were at breakfast, the keeper of tlie tower craved an audience, as ho bad most important news to communicate. Being admitted to tbe dotal pretanoe, he said in solemn t ine suited to the oe-^asion, " Please year Graoe, Lord Eldon has laid an e$g!" " Is that clock right over there t" a«ketl a visitor the utlier day. " Right over there," saji 1 the boy " 'lain't nowhere else." 