THEATRE ROTAL. "Richard the Third" drew another good house last night, though tho higher priced Beats were thin here and there. The ptay went smoothly all through, and drew applause lor the most part where it was most deserved, though there were now and then ex ceptions, as we incline to think. In the course of the drama the poet makes tho unscrupulous Glouces ter-king sneer at a goad deal that reverent men hold in respect, aud conscience comes iu for a vial of bitter contempt, though the moral sense is satisfied towards the close as Richard's tortured mind disclose many a pang of terrible remorse. Mr Anderson shows with much power the struggling of the courageous villain with the clamorous cries within himself, the climax being reached as he starts from his camp bed excited by the dream wherein appear the ghosts of his murdered relatives. But over all this the invin cible de?il in the man triumphs, and he fights tba field of Bosworth and goes through the last encounter with Richmond as bravely as if he too had triple armour in having " his quarrel just." Jpropo»ot this sword bout and the death of Richard, we may say that it seems to be a very real business, and the dying is well tempered to "the modesty of nature." The orchestra must bo complimented on its pleasant opening music of late evenings, albeit the. inter-act performances savor plentifully of the jijrgy sort of harmony which seems part and parcel of the houae at such times, at least on all ordinary occasions. By-tbe-bye, could not the musical mister of the ceremonies spare us the anachronism of Han del's Djstd Murcli in " Saul," played at the funeral of the last of tho Plantagenet Henries? No doubt tho modern ear is so delighted with and used to that most exquisite of tearful strains that it would almost seem appropriate in all times and placet. As being immortal, we mr.y take a little musiuo-poetical license and give it a retrospective lifo and say the ana'chron ism exists no more, though perchance some old Gregorian stave or the tail end of some medisoval dirge might, fit in somewhere in that mournful proces sion where the incredible wooing and winning of Lady Ann are accomplished. As on the previous evening, Mr Anderson, Mr Heir, and Mrs Heir wero called before the curtain at the close of tho play, Mr Anderson having also one or two special calls. This evening Mr Anderson will appear as Ingomar. 