WHO INVENTED THE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH? When the remarkable achievement of laying two Atlantic cables was completed, it occurred to many persons that the oc casion was not unsuitable for conferring some public honor on the inventor or inventors of electric telegraphs. The wonderful exhibition of mechanical skill in the recovery of the lost cable of 18G5, although admirable in itself, could not be compared, as a proof of scientific genius, with the. discovery of electrical com munication. When it was once known that messages could be instantaneously transmitted by an insulated wire, it was pnly a work of time and of detailed inge nuity to lengthen the wire, and to perfect the insulation. Of all English con tributors to telegraphic science, Mr. Wheatstone is best known, and it was natural that he should be mentioned as theprincipal claimant of honorary recogni tion. Mr. Wlieatstone's exclusive preten sions to originality have since been ques tioned by Mr. William Fothergill Cooke, in an advertisement which sets out an award or adjudication made a quarter of a centiuy ago by Sir Isambert Brunei and Professor'Daniell. The umpires appear to have been induced by an amiable , desire of conciliation to suppress any opinion which they may have entertained on the question submitted to their judg ment. They declared that Mr. Cooke was " entitled to stand alone as the gen tleman to whom this country is indebted for having practically introduced and carried out the electric telegraph as a useful undertaking, promising to be a work of national importance." Professor Wheatstone, on the other hand, " is ac knowledged as the scientific man whose profound and successful researches had already prepared the public to receive it (the electric telegraph) as a project capable of practical application." " it is to the united labors of two gentlemen so well qualified for mutual assistance that we must attribute. the rapid progress which this important invention has made during the five years since they have been associated." For all that appears on the face of the award, Mr. Wheatstone may never have contrived a telegraph, and Mr. Cooke may never have seen one. A capi talist who"had fouud the money for the experiment, and an electrician who had made useful preliminary investigations, might have divided between them the credit which the arbitrators probably in tended to distribute between two scien tific discoverers. Non nostrum inter vos tantas componere lites, Et vitula tu dignus et hie. It is not recorded whether the shepherds in Yirgil were satisfied with the judgment of their venerable Mend; but the Menalcas and Damcetas ©f the telegraph accepted at the time with amiable readi ness the unmeaning award of their dupli cate Palsemon. " We cordially acknow ledge," they say, " the correctness of the facts stated in the above document, and beg to express our grateful sense of the very friendly and gratifying manner in which you have recorded your opinion of our joint labors, and of the value of our invention." In a pamphlet previously published, Mr. Cooke had asserted that he had himself separately invented the tele graph ; and Mr. Wheatstone had replied by denying the claim, on the ground that in 1823 the principle had been " developed completely and 'effectually by Mr. Ronalds." Menalcas had insisted on his exclusive right to the calf, and Damcetas had set up a preferable title in an absent Corydon. The quarrel has unfortunately since revived with increased acrimony. Within the present year Mr. Cooke has piiblished an angry pamphlet against Mr. Wheatstone, and Answers and Replies in a previous controversy of 1856 and 1857 have been once more circulated. The disagreement among electricians will per haps afford an excuse for withholding all public honors from the rival claimants, The great services of Mr. Wheatstone are generally acknowledged, and there is no reason to question the claims of Mr. Cooke ; but as both of the parties to the Brunei award have deservedly acquired both fame and profit by their telegraphic exploits, it is but just that the modest merit of Mr. Ronalds, who happily still { survives, should not be forgotten. In the preface to his pamphlet of 1823, Mr. Ronalds "takes leave of the science" which was destined in his own lifetime to attract the attention and wonder of the world. Without repining and without resentment, he mentions the official answer which had been returned to his proposals for establishing an electric tele graph, andhe merely records his exposition of the method by which "that most extra ordinary fluid or agency, electricity, may actually be employed for- a more practi cally useful purpose than the gratification of -the philosopher's inquisitive research, the schoolboy's idle amusement, or the physician's tool; that it may be com pelled to travel as many hundred miles beneath our feet as the subterranean ghost which nightly haunts our metro polis, our provincial towns, and even our high roads." The date of the discovery | is curiously verified by frequent reference to the distance between Downing-street and the Pavilion at Brighton. George IV. was still Ring, though Mr.'Ronalds's invention was completed during the Regency, and consequently Osborne and Balmoral were still far off in the future. It was then still believed that ready com munication between the reigning Sove- j reign; and the Cabinet was indispen sable to the conduct of the Govern ment. The explanation of the process in Mr. Ronalds's pamplilet is short and simple, and after Mr. Wlieatstone's testimony to the priority of Mr. Ronalds's claim, it is unnecessary to .enquire into the genuineness of the discovery. The inventor has since received a small pension from the Crown, but, except for j the recent discussion, he might have been I unintentionally defrauded of his well earned fame. The answer returned by the Admiralty of 1816 to Mr. Ronalds's proposal has already become deservedly famous. The inventor reports the rebuff j which lie received with a patient humor which Iproves that he understood, with an Englishman's intuitive familiarity, the official spirit of the Constitution. '(Lord' Melville," lie says, " was obliging enough, in reply to my application, to him, to request Mr. Hay ' to see me on the sub ject of my discovery ;' but, before the Inature of it had been yet known, except to the late Lord Henniker, Dr. Rees, Mr. Brande, and a few friends, I received an intimation from Mr. Barrow to the effect ' that telegraphs of any kind were wholly unnecessary, and that no other than the one in use would be adopted.' " Sir John' Barrow's son has lately stated that his father was only the organ of the Board of Admiralty in transmitting this remarkable answer; and this assertion is the more credible inasmuch as no single person could have rivalled the logic which was then, as now, peculiar to the Board. If there had been a questiop of an iron clad vessel, the Secretary would probably have been instructed to answer that ships of any kind were wholly unnecessary, and that, consequently, they would be con • structed on the existing pattern. Lord Melville and his colleagues were fortunate in having to deal with a philosopher as well as with a man of science. Mr. Ronalds at once understood that in pro portion to the value of his discovery would be the administrative discourage ment which it would incur ; and to use his own words, "I felt very little disap pointment, and not a shadow of resent ment, on the occasion, because every one knows that telegraphs have long been great bores at the Admiralty. Should they again become necessary, perhaps electricity and electricians may be in dulged by His Lordship and Mr. Barrow with an opportunity of proving what they are capable of in this way.' —Saturday Jxcvino. 