THU PAN-AN G Ll CAN SYNOD. ADDUKSS or TUE Biaitor-s. To the l'ait liful in Christ Jesus.thc Priests and Deacons, and the Lay Members of the Church, of Christ in. Communion with tho Anglican liranch of tho Church Catholic, We, the undersigned Bishops, gathered under the good providence of God for prayer and confidence at Lambeth, pray for you that ye may obtain gruuu, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and from tho Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour. We give thanks to God, brethren beloved, for tho faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and the lovo towards tho Saints, which hath abounded among you ; and for the knowledge of Christ which through you hath been spread abroad among the most vigorous races of the earth. And with one mouth we make our suppli- cations toGodeven tho Father, that by thc powerof the Holy Ghost Ile would strengthen us with His might, to amend among us the things which are amiss, to supply thc things which are lacking, and to reach forth unto higher measures of love and zeal in wor- shipping Him, and in making known His name ; and we pray that in His good time Ho would give back unto His whole Church the blessed gift of unity in Truth. And now wc exhort you in love that ye keep whole and undefiled the Faith once delivered to the ßnints, as ye have received it of the Lord Jesus. We entreat you to watch and pray, and to strive heartily with us against the frauds and subtleties wherewith the Faith hath been aforetime and is now assailed. We beseech you to hold fast ns the sure word of God all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testament, and that by diligent study of these oracles of God, praying in the Holy Ghost, ye seek to know more of the Lord Jesus Christ our" Saviour, whom they reveal unto us, and of the will of God which they declare. Furthermore, we entree' you to guard yourselves and yours against the growing superstition's and ad ditions with which in these latter days the truth of God hath been overlaid ; as otherwise, so especially by the pretension to universal sovereignty over God's heritage asserted for the See of Borne ; and by the practical exaltation of thc blessed Virgin Mary as mediator in the place of her Divine Son, and by the addressing of prayers to her as intercessor between God and man. Of such beware, wc beseech you, knowing that the jealous God giveth not His honour to another. Build yourselves up therefore, beloved, in your most holy faith ; grow in grace mid" in the knowledge and love of Jesus Christ our Lord. Show forth before all men by your faith, self-denial, purity, und godly conversation, as well as by your labours for the people among whom God hath so widely spread you, and hy- the setting forth of His GoBpel to the unbelievers and the heathen, that ye are indeed the sorvnnts of Him who died for us to reconcile His Father to us, and to be a sacrifice for the sins of the whole world. Brethren beloved, with one voice we wnrn you ; thc time is short ; the Lord cometh; watch and lie sober. Abide steadfast in thc communion of saints wherein God hath granted you a place. Seele in faith for one- ness with Christ in the blessed sacrament of His body and blood. Hold fast tho Creeds, and the pure worship and order, which of God's grace ye have inherited from the Primitive Church. Beware of causing divir sions contrary to the doctrine ye have received. Pray and seek for unity among yourselves, and among all the faithful in Christ Jesus, and the good Lord make you perfect, and keep your bodies, souls, and spirits until the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. C. T. Cantuar Charles Wordsworth, M. Ö. Armagh D.C.L., Bishop of St. H. C. Dublin Andrews, Dunkeld, and A. C. London Dunblane C. K. Winton Wm. S. Wilson, Bishop of C. St. David's Glasgow and Galloway J. Lichfield T. B. Morrell, Coadjutor S. Oxon. Bishop of Edinburgh Thoa. Vowler St. Asaph F. Montreal, Metropolitan A. Llandaff of Canada John Lincoln G. A. New Zealand, W. K. Sarum Metropolitan of New John T. Norwich iteuland J. C. Bangor lt. Capetown, Metro H. Worcester politan of South Africa C. J. Glocester and Aubrey G. Jamaica Bristol T. Barbadoes E. H. Ely J. Bombay William Chester H. Nova Scotia T. L. Rooheater F. T. Labuan Samuel Meath H.'Grahamstown H. Kilmore H. J. C. Christchurch Charles Limerick, Ard- Matthew Perth fert, and Aghadoe Benjamin Huron Robert Eden, D.D., W. W. Antigua Bishop of Moray, Ross E. H. Sierra Leone and Caithness, Primus T. N. Honolulu Alexander Ewing, Bishop J. T. Ontario of Argyll and the Isles J. W. Quebec X. ii. Suther, Bishop of W. J. Gibraltar Aberdeen and Orkney II, i<. Dunedin, Hor«çe Sotjoiwid Hana Edward Bishop Orango Uiver Free State ~~ A. N. Niagara ; William Qeorjie Tozer, Nission»ry Bishop James B.nolly, Caadjutsr »f Nowfouudl»»d J. Angl. Hicrotol. John H. Hopkins, Presiding Bishop of Pr. B» Church'in the United Sutes ' Charles P. M'llvaine, Bishop of Ohii Manton Eaatburn, Bishopof Miisachuiteits John Payne, Bishop of Capo Palms and parti sdjt. cent * Henry J. Whitehouse, Bishop of Illinois Thomas Atkinson, Bishop ot North. Carolina . Henry W. Lee, iliahop cf Iowa Horatio Potter, Bishop of New York Thomas M. Clark, Bishop of Rhode Island * , Alexander Gregg, Bishop of Texas W. H. Odenhcimer, Bishop of New Jersey ' - G. T. Bedell, Assistant Bishop of Ohio Henry C. Lay, Missionary Bishop of Arkaiu»} and thc Indian Territory 1 ! Jos. C. Talbot, Assistant Bishop of Indiana I Richard H. Millner, Bishop of Alabama ! Charles Todd Quintard, Bishop of Tennessee i John B. Kerfoot, Bishop of Pittsburgh J. P. B. Wilmer, Bishop of LouiBiani C. M. Williams, Missionary Bishop to China J. Chapman, Bishop George Smith, late Bishop of Victoria (China) David Anderson, late Bishop of Rupert's Land Edmund Hobhouse, by Bishop of New Zealand, A conversazione iu honour of the bishops of th« colonial and United States Churches, under vhs auspices of the Society for the Propagation of thj Gospel, was held on thc 27th September, ta St. James's Hall. The floor of tho large room wu occupied by a large assemblage of clergymen KA laymen, who spent two KourB in conversation before the arrival of tho bishops, who did not enter the hiu until tivo o'clock, having been detained by a disci* sion at the Synod at Lambeth Palace. A nuialierot ladies occupied tho gallery. Tho Archbishop of Caa. terbury, the Bishop of Oxford, and the Bishop ol London, introduced the American and Colemiii Bishops, and all wore cordially received. The Areli, bishop of Canterbury took tho chair. He read a letter from the Secretary of the Society "for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge et. pressing regret that circumstances had pr«, vented that society from giving a public welcome to the Bishops. The Archbuho, added that that letter expressed the feclingj of ill present. They rejoiced to welcome those who lui come from distant parts of the world to take part ü i this Conference. A deep debt of gratitude was owin; to them for having taken such interest in the matter, and mode such sacrifices for it. At first it was doubt- ful whether it would be posoiMc to give up any pot. | tion of that day for a meeting like that. At the BW> | time an anxious wish wus expressed on the part of iii j clergy of London and thc neighbourhood. and of msnr members of the Church of England, that thoyshouM j hove an opportunity of seeing face to face those who bad como to the Conference, and that a portion of the I day should be given up for this purpose. He wished that a larger portion of the day could have beende I voted to the meeting. The Rev. Mr. Bullock, the j secretary to the society, read nu address of welcome ! to »he American and Colonial Bishops. The Bishopiol I Yermont, New Zealand, Louisiana, Cape Town, and i Rhodo leland having briefly addressed the Company, j the Bishop of London, as head of the diocese in which the meeting was held, expressed his satisfaction it I welcoming the Bishops to this city. It was not fot him to reveal any of tho secrets of what had beor done at Lambeth Palace ; but the Synod had force! ( on his mind the thought that, although men said the Church was so much divided, there was a real sud essential unity of heart and faith, and that suth 1 1 gatherings would testify to the great truth tilt, with all their diversities of individual character, of training, and of nationality, they were still one it I heart, anxious to promote in their several wwi thc great work committed to them. The Bishop ot j j Ontario having addressed the meeting, the Biiho, of Oxford spoke humourously and forcibly on th» I necessity of providing a mission house for the society. Ile expressed his conviction of tho Apostolical chi I racter of tho Synod which had been held, He hid i no doubt that heresies in the Church arose in liltlt communities from tho sway of particular minds ind thc force of particular circumstances : ind I just as they could not get the light ol | Heaven unless the prismatic rays were mingle! in the common composition of light, so the; j could not keep the truth of the Holy Catholic Church long untaiutcd unices they blended good men ot different bnbits of thought, and got their united.diei. sions upon the difficulties with which, thc Cbwr. might be beset. The Archbishop pronounced <hj Benediction, and the conversazione soon afterward! broke up. An annual subscription to the amount oí £12ö for the Natal bishopric was raised in the room. 