TREATMENT OF EMIGRANTS IN NEW YORK. .'from THE NEW YORK TRIllUNE.J The emigrant, on leaving the sine ei tno emigrant ship lying in the stream, after she has passed the perils of quarantine, is taken on board of a barge or tng, with his trunks, bed ding, clothing, bottles, parcels, and old rubbish of all binds, and from theneo transported to the watc-r-gnto of Castle Garden. On arriving there be is relieved of bis trunks and baggage, which is stowed away carefully in racks, and num bered in a corresponding fashion, with the number placed opposite the emigrant's name in the register, where his baptismal appellation, surname, birthplace, age, occupation and fatnro destination, are registered for future reference. The boxes and trunks arc kept in n long co vered way, which makes half tne circle of the garden, and affords ample food for reflection. Here tbero are boxes of all shapes and sizes, tin boxes, wooden boxes, metal boxes, boxes of oak and pine, of cedar, rosewosd and maho n-any, obleng and square. Some large as tbo camp clicst3 of M'Clellan on the Peninsula, others fit to hold the title deeds or regalia of nn empire. The eastern side of tbo Castle is devoted to the baggnge of emigrants going out of the city, and wbou they arrive at Buffalo, Chicago, St. Louis, Boston or Cincinnati, tliey find there their baggage ready for them as soon a3 they have satisfied the charges upon tho freight. The English speaking emigrants are registered first, and then the Germans. After being registered, which takes a long time, the emigrants are driven into tho bull pen to await further disposition. Lavatories, or places for washing, aro located around the Castle — large, gloomy-looking places, calculated to keep before the eyes of tho emigrant tho hold or steerage of the ship from which he lias just debarked. Washing or cleanliness is not enferced upon the emigrants, and tlio huge blocks of soap and the damp, wet floor of the washing rooms present a very black and dis consolate aspect. Around tho walls of the bull pon are scattered hnge maps of the States and Territories, admirably calculated to impress upon tbo minds of foreigners tho great size and extent of Dnclo Sam's dominions. The walls of this filthy house resounded with tho clash of muskets, drnm3 and swords of tho old Regular army, and afterwards to tho glorious ivarblings of the peerless Jenny Lind, to the delicious strains of Calherino Hayes, and to the crash of Jullien's horns and instruments, for hero were given the monster con certs of this great artist when at ln's prime. Well, to-day it would make Jenny Lind sick to look down from one of the gal lories where thousands used to sit entranced listening to her Norinn, and behold her own countrymon and women from far-off Upsala and Stockholm, herded together liko sheep in a July sun. Tho ghost of the groat Jnllien would not allow its wkitc-gloycd fingers to rest upon polluted lintel or door jam for fear of contamination, Largo blue-bottle flies liaunt the seams of the planking ia the floor of tho hull pen, sacking and feasting upon the corruption. A thousand persons have often been confined in this worse than black hole of Calcutta, whilo at other times not a score of emigrants are present. It is an erro neous impression that tho emigrants from northern countries surpass in cleanliness those from the more southern climes. The Swedes, Germans, and Russians aro, very con trary to general expectation ; the Irish and French compare favorably with other races in cleanliness, and surpass them in light heartedness and a disposition to bear up under hardships. Tho Welsh emigrants arc nearly all consigned to tho embraces of the Mormon chiefs of Utah. The specimens of Welsh emi grants who were here, bound for Salt Lako, and the miners and mill spinners from some of tho rural districts of England, are terribly dirty and ignorant. Great numbors of the English emigrants have little or no knowledge of the Creator or of any revealed form of re ligion. Tho ignorance and brutality of tho lowor class of English emigrants is astounding, and would ho deemed incredible by him who knows nothing of the facts presented. Hero is a group of Irish emigrants sitting upon their household Lares and Penates. There are three little girls, ranging from 3 to 10 years of age, a motherly-looking woman of fifty, and a hoy of fifteen. I'lie family are dressed comfortably, and rather cleanly. The mother iff ci'ying quietly ; tho smallest girl lias caught the infection from the old woman, and is bury ing her tiny knuckles in her eyes with great determination, while the boy stares steadfastly at the ceiling, and keeps liis month wido open as a common thoroughfare for lino nasty flies who infest tits hull pen. An acclimatised friend, with a rowdy look, is talking to tho old lady and endeavoring to make her feel comfort able, hut she will not be comforted. She left the hills of far-off Tipperary nt the bidding of a faithful sou, who resides in ' some plnco ' in 'Missus Sury,' as the old lady expresses it, hut she has lost the' address, and forgets the name of the precise locality. ' Can't ye remember tho name of tho place at all, at all, Biddy ?' says her comforter. ' Tho devil a hit mo knows. Jamesy touhl me in the lettbor that there was a great dale of watlior Hear liis place. Is thero much wather in Missns Sury ? Will ye stop yer bellowing there, Molly ?' ' Is it in Mees sury ye mane ? Shure, it's full of wather and 6hnake3.' ' And are the shnaltes alive, Tim ' Yis, Biddy, and kicking, too.' ' Well, I wish I never had left Nenagh, in ould Tippe rary,' said the old lady, ' for whin I'm out here, shure, Andy, that I thought 'd he some use to me, is no more than an amadhann,' point ing to her son, who still kept liis mouth open for tho admission of flies. There is an. hospital attached to tho Castle Garden Depot, situated on Ward's Island. Ward's Island is 100 acres in extent, and about 12,000 dol worth of produce is raised annually on the island by patients. Thero is an attendant physician at the castle, an apothecary's shop'. Cases of fever and cholera are instantly carried without to the hospital for treatment. Two million and a half of emigrants have passed through Castle Garden during the last ten years, bringfjg with them an average of 50 dol per head. This amounts in the gross ag gregate to one hundred and twenty-live millions of dols. During the year 1866, 233,181 persons arrived at Castle Garden, bringing with them 203,236 pieces of baggage. Of this number 106,716 were from Germany, 68,071 from Ireland, 36,186 from England, ?1979 from Scotland, 3907 from Sweden, 3685 from Switzerland, 3216 from France, Denmark 1526, and- Holland 1500. Tbo re mainder were from seventeen different countries. The states most favored by tho emigrants on leaving Castle Garden aro New-York, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Ohio and Mas sachusetts. Tho Germans go to Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois and Wisconsin ; the Irish to Now York, Massachusetts, Connecticut and New Jersey the Swedes to Delaware, the English to New York and Pennsylvania, the Scotch to New Yerk and Illinois, and the French to New York, Louisiana and Canada. The greatest number of vessels leave the ports of Europe in the following order : — Liverpool, Bremen, Lon don, Hamburg, Glasgow, Hesse, Antwerp and Londonderry, Formerly the Irish prepon derated, now the Germans have tlio ascendancy in the proportion of one hundred to sixty. The Commissioners of Emigration have officers in every city in the State of New York for the aid and protection of emigrants. Thero is attached to the Castle Garden depot nn office for the employment of emigrant girls who desire to procure situations as helps ia families. Thcroom devoted to this purposo is located on tho north-east corner of tho Castle Garden. The rooom is oblong, about fifty feet in length, and twenty-five feet in width, with scats arranged with an aisle in the middle like a church, and a desk railed in where a pulpit would be in a church, behind which sits a gentleman of the Teutonic per suasion, in a mixed pepper-and-salt suit, to answer questions. Hero it is the custom for persona who desire to get a great deal of work for very little money to apply for servant ' gals,' as the policeman at tho door terms the private help. Any girl who lias just landed at this port can obtain a situation by waiting at this place and submitting her person to inspection to those who may desire female help. Ha ving proenred a place and entered the service of her employer, she may, if she dislikes tho remnnenition or work, in form the Commissioners of her wish to Jeavo her situation, and tho privilege is accorded to her of returning to the Employment Agency at the Garden, as often as she chaDge3 her mind during tho space of twelve calendar months from the time she lia3 landed on the shores of the New World. The largo nnjority of these girls who seek employment are indus trious, clean and honest before being defiled by the filth and contamination of tho great city. Some of these are, however, very giddy, thoughtless, fond of dress, gaudy colors, and easily led away by soft and honeyed words ; may have to encounter two great dangers, which shall be specified. Cut oft from home and parental teaching, set adrift in a strange land, it is a common occurrence with them to obtain employment in families, when designing scoun drels employ every art and influence of money and circumstances to Eeduce and destroy them. The other danger is from tho emigrant board ing-liouse keepers, who haunt the Castle Garden depot like evil spirits to entice any fish that may ho entangled in their nets. Nominally these birds of prey arc supposed to be deprived of any power to further their ends *, but this is altogether a mistake, as tho calendar of crime in our courts, aud the catalogue of wretched women in these dens of infamy infesting the city will show ; but a majority of the girls are poor emigrants, driven to desperate courses by tho circumstances they are placed in after lca\ - ing Castle Garden. 