2W# TALK AND TABLE CHAT. A public meeting is to be bell at the Latrobe Hotel.' Latrobe.on Mondir next, to consider the advisability of petition ing Farhamtnt not to allow the pretal Jxovernment plan of direct taxation to pass |Dto law. The Ministry appear determined to ignore the existence of the genewl opposition arrayed against them throughout Qe Colonv. And nur »a1h»«*.. «... *i.» nnlv w r ? «» n.iiaiiii Biv iug vu-, means now left of ahowing its extent, by aflording the means of expressing pnbHe opinion. Three fourths of the Press Ii arrayed in favor of the Ministry, while iree fourths of the population denounce lem and their acts. This is ? state cf lings too unnatural to exist for any length A pleasure trip to George Town in tbe flteam-tug T»mar was made jeiterdiy, under the aasplcts of the Sunday School Union. The number on board was not «nch above t- hundred. The weather wu mild and very suitable for the trip, tut the party enjoyed it «rj much, We have received from Messrs. Walch Brothers and Bircball a very neat Sblet Sermon-the Sermon of the foesleyan Conference-preached by the ^President of the Conference the Rev. W A Quick, who took for *** tflrt Mitt 287 19th verse-' Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, ltd of the Holy Ghost' The tenor of S'ji heautful discourse will be best and 'most widely appreciated by the Mowing Snurraph at page 24:-' I must here ffwW IFhave aUeadysaid on the Set of a child's relation to God, namely that his case was so anticipated in the provisions of God's mercy, as that ?the free gift hath come upon him to justification of life.' He is saved from {he obligation of suffering eternaUy; the atonement is applied to him.and it covers W« whole case.' As this Sermon was Cached by the President of the Con ierence.atthe request of the Conference, weneS say nothing further to recom mend it to the careful perusal of aU de nominations. We are aware that there ;« an earnest desire that the Sermon preached by the Rev. B. Field, in the lattersonstreet ChapeL on Sunday morn bTshould also be published. The text ,*astke latter portion of the 26th verse of the 12th chapter of Acts-'.' And the -disciple^ were first called Christians at **Yhs have received Irom the Messrs. Walch, No. 74 of the Australian Journal. The illustrations are remarkably well executed. The tie* of the Hall Lodge, the foliage, even the post and rail fence, with the figures ol ' Rupert Adderfield ?nd Lizzie Caswell' in the foreground, ik all touched off in a masterly manner. There is also an excellent portrait of the *M n ? TT ? .1-.. n V TCManna Hod. lieorge veruuu, «.*-., «™-« Minister of Victoria, who has recently returned from a highly successful minion to England. The new sketches la this number are 'Not at my Expense,' ?' McUee's monkey and the Highlandman, ?' A week in the Country,' from the diary of a Melbourne Swell j' 'A narrow wape Iby J.T.' ; ' Lines on the death of 6ignor Cetare Cutolo' ; and numerous miscellaneous paragraphs. 'Clyzia the Dwarf,' and ' Loved and lost ; a legend of Maiatlan' are continued A sermon in aid of the Bethel Sunday Bchool was preached on Sunday evening at the Mechanics' Institute, by the Rev. n» nr;n;nrr.o nf fVoawi^lr Viotnrift. The attendance was not large, and the collection only amounted to £7 5b. lOd.— £t short of the amount required. This was announced, with the intimation that the balance might be contributed by those so disposed, by a second collection to be made at the door. Mr W. B. Dean said he had been author ised by a benevolent gentleman in the country, to! give on his behalf such dona tion as he might consider proper to insti tutions in want of help. He then in the name of a member of the Church of Eng land, handed over to Mr Blrchall the sum of j£B- The second collection, in conse quence of this timely help, was not made. At a special Volunteer Parade held at the Volunteer Buildings on Monday oven ing, thirty two members of the Launces ton Volunteer Artillery Corps assembled under the command of Captain Harrap. ? tJapttin Sheridan, Sergt. Major Martini, Sergt. ProBser, ic, were present Lieut. Colonel Home distributed the prizes won at the late rifle matches, aB follows :— i e d Gunner Hudson, 1st prize ? 4 0 0 „ Wathen, 2nd ? 2 10 0 Sergt Ferguson, 3rd , ? 1 10 0 Gunner Eennell, 4th „ ? 10 0 Sergeant Moore for the highest score at 400 yards ? 0 10 0 Gunner Doolan, ditto 300 yards 0 10 0 Bergt. Prosser, ditto 200 yards 0 10 0 In addressing the Volunteers Lieutenant Colonel Home remarked that if the money wasted on the Tamar battery had been spent on the Volunteer Force the Artillery would have remained an efficient corps. He understood that Parliament intended to maintain an efficient Volun teer force on both sides of the island If the Grant in aid should, however, be re fused, he would make an effort to still seep the corps in existence ; and if the grant was voted then he expected to see the Volunteers muster in greater force than eyer. He tben paid over the grantsin aid for the past year, and the corps headed by the Volunteer Rifle Band inarched up to the Brisbane Hotel, where Lieut Colonel Home invited the corps and bond to drink me neaitu ot Her Majesty. We have received No. 1 of Hobart Town Punch, although we had received a Hobart Town Punch previously. The illustrations in this number are not equal to those in Tasmanian Punch, and there was room for improvement even in them. The Essence of Parliament, Punch's address to the people of Tasmania, and ' Rimes 4 the times' by Perleeseman X.. are each and therefore all very good of their kind. The poetical policeman ?ays:- Farlcnrant, iear Punch, woi opart In Uie mldal ot lint wwk, ft I got n golry hordor i [. -. ;- a«M4he Mfltobon ip»ek. Tni en Wene«d»y th»t I got It, 'Coi I won*d 4 to ear 'Ow the Treasurer ment 2 razs'tl nimum 4 the preailnt yccr. But b 4 o mall his staltmlnt, Daries did a moihnn malk 4 rctnrnl ot land surraid bl Milter Dooley liln mlitalk. Meredith itd that the moihun Woi a most malllibui act, But the Spcktr kwlkll toali im E must li remarx retract. Wenat Meredith got aarldg, 4 woi like with raldjc a trait; Battue 'Hlf neiuialry 4 3 tell a lit I ?unit.1' Wh«n th» Tnaunror maid ll itiltmlit, Wloh ? ahode It pnttj clear, That bl dokJn our xpenili We mite lalT a lot echo yeer. * W nrldn the dlpartmlnU Buppon heakemommlk grovndi, E aid aalr win wal or tutlia, Sftwtbonlnipowndi. A Public Tea Meeting in connection With the Wesleyan Conference was held in the iMechamcB' Institute on Monday ?rentng last. The large hall was quite nlled.about 400 persons being present. The Revd. W. A. Quick presided after *«*i aud the meeting was addressed by Jm Bevds. J. Harcourt W. Bigg, King, Clarke, Ironsides, Bickford, Chapman, *c.i &o;, Mr John Orookes moved a vote n thanks to the gentlemen composing we conference : Mr W. D. Grubb second ?» ,the resolution, which was carried by 'duwtum, Xlia anting closed with .? L prayer and thedoxology. The tea was supplied by Mr W. B. Dean in his usual bountiful manner, and the repast was reall y a sumptuous one. 