: LYCEUM THEATRE. , . almost begin to despair.of ever again seeing 'the Lyceum Theatre sufficiently, .well' attended to repay speculative managers for bringing up enter tainments of an excellent character, when the engagement of such a . clever troupe of artistes as that of the • " MartivieUi Ravel Troupe" only succeedsin partially filling the theatre iu the way it did last night. We' have rarely seeu a troupe of performers who combined; such a variety of ability in the classes of entertainment furnished by them. As pimtoniimists,;. ballet dancers, or as acrobats, the troupe contains .some of the most talented we have seen in the colonies. The. first portion of the programme of last evening was a dramatic pantomime— " Jocko, the Brazilian Ape." The incident of 'the piece has something to do with an ape saving a child from a Ship wreck, who turns out'to :bo a .somebody after wards; and that the • monkey hero* us.'.the pro tector of the infant, perforins all manner of tricks, feats, and mischiefs. , He is.ultimately shot for his mischievous propensities, .and in giving up the ghost:—which he does with 'due stage'effect—lays the saved infant at the feet of its happy parents. We confess not to have a; great [penchant for seeing either the tricks of veritable monkeys, when lobking'at a zoological collection,;aiid still less of witnessing them aped by biped performers; but it vvas impossible but to'acknowledge that Mr Paul Martiuetti, who "impersonates" the "Brazilian Ape " is certainly the most wonderful performer of such a character ever seeu. The perfectly natural way iu which he is made up as a huge grinning,_<sh.i»ttetu»g.._nu3fi!dQ£Qii9...baboon, his feats of climbing, running on all fours, and other habits appertaining to the species, were all ex tremely^ clever, and it : was no wonder that his performances elicited continuous approbation from the audience. The second part of the perfor mances of .the: troupe consisted of . a grand ballet divertissement, the principal dancers being Madame 'Mathieu and Mr Julieti' Martmetti', supported, by 'a "very numerous and clever corps tie ballet. Madame Mathiou is a most accomplished: aud 'graceful danseiise. , The.acrobatic'performances of Messrs Jnlien and I'aul Mdrtinetti, and Qruet Buislay, which succeeded the ballet, were of an extraordinary character, and although of a perilous kiud, yet were gone through: with so> much appa rent ease and. confidence by the performers, that the. audience could admire without having their nerves disturbed by them. There were other entertainments; of,.a, similar, description on the programme, of which the foregoing is only a sample, the whole being of a very superior class, and well worthy of being seen. A brutal outrage was committed in Mel bourne on a man named Henry Martin Turner, of Eohuca, on Saturday ,night-(J J3e wa, proceeding up Little-Bourke- street, when he was suddenly attacked by three men,'Itorlfo'.'knocked him down and kicked him until he was st-nselcss. When he became conscious he found that he had been robbed of L10. * He had been dragged from the street into a shed in a right of way, 'where ho lay in a perfectly helpless'state until discovered by the police. At' his own request he was removed to the' hospital, where it was found lie had sus tained, very severe injuries. ' A description of the offenders was given to the police, and the injured hi'an states he is able to identify one'of them. 