THE BUSHRANGERS AT DIRTY SWAMP AND MUTTON'S FALL—FULL PARTI- CULARS. , About six o'clock on Friday morning two men, of whom.there is little or no doubt that one was the bushranger Cummings and the other John Forah, entered the bar of Mr. E. Lock's publichouse, at Dirty Swamp. Cummings called for a glass of port wine, and was served by Mr. Lock, who left the breakfast table to attend upon them. Cummings then asked Foran what he would have, and he said, " Port wine, also." Mr. Lock turned to serve him, and in an instant sonud himself covered with revolvers, Foran holding one in each hand, and Cummings presenting one at him. They then ordered him to throw up his arms or they would shoot him. Cummings remaining on guard. Foran went to the door of the dining-room, and ordered eveiy one at the table to come on. There were present three travellers besides Mr. Ridge and Mr. Inglesole, who were all compelled to go outside the house, where they were bailed up against a fence. Cummings then ordered Mr. Lock to come out from behind the bar, saying, 11 You're a great fellow, I|believe, to resits the bushrangers. If you make any resistance now, I'll riddle you." Lock replied, " It's all very well for you to bounce that have arms, while I have nothing. If youH give me your revolver I'll fight either, or both of you, either with my hands or a revolver." " Oh 1" said Cummings, " that's it, is it?" and prodded Lode in .toe month with the barrel of his revolver, loosening one of his front teeth. Lock instantaneously struck him with his fists, on which Cummings said, " Come on outside, I believe you're a good man, and I'll fight you." "Yes," said Lock, " but will you fight with your revolver or with your hands." "Oh, with my hands, stud the robber." " But if I fight with my iiands, will you not use your pistol?" asked Xock. "No," replied Cummings, " Til be cut in .pieces first." He then handed his revolver to his mate, Lode pulled of his coat, and a regular set-to was commenced. An indescribable scene of excitement ensued. Mrs. Lock coming out, and screaming and imploring the combatants to desist, andthemen who Were bauedupcontinuouslyshouting and begging the bushrangers not to use their fire- arms. At length a well delivered blow by Mr. Lock under Cnmming's ear caused him to stagger, whereupon Foran called upon him to stand aside while he took means to " quieten the - " at the same time presenting a revolver at Mr. Lock with the evident intention of firing. The bystanders implored the ruffians " for God's sake" not to shoot, as Lock had only used his fists. Mr. Lock seeing that any further display of his powers would be useless, and.fraught with too much danger, determined to fight no more, .and sat down on a stool. Cummings went up to him and raised him up two or three times, striking him each time on the temple and back of the head, saying, "You wretch! you lagged some men before, didn't you, I'll pay you." In this manner he punished Mr. Lock till he was almost stupefied. Mr. Ridge remarked to Cummings that he ought to have a belt for his revolver, when the robber replied that he had "just propped the Mudgee mail," and had the bags for a belt, and pointed to the bags which he wore doubled round his body in the manner of a belt, the sealing wax of one of the belts being visible. In reply to Mr. Lock, he said it was the down mail ne had robbed. He then said (to Lock) "You have a good horse, I must have it; I came expressly for it." Lock said, the horse was in the bush, and was told to find it, which he positively refused to do. Foran then said, " Burn down the place ; he'll soon find it then." Dummings, however, turned to Mr. Ridge, and . said, " Where are your horses, old man ?" Mr. Ridge replied, 11 In the stable," Cummings went to tne stable and brought out a horse, of which, as it was walking a little stiffly, Foran said, " Oh, that horse is no good, he is lame?" "I know what's the matter with him," said Cummings, " he's only been standing in the stable. I can't keep the horse I brought, as he belongs to a poor man; but I know (to Mr. Ridge) by your head, old man. that yon can afford to lose a horse." It happened that the horse belonged to Mr. Inglesole, who said to Foran, " I know you; if your brother was here, he would not take a horse belonging to me." " Who are you, then?" asked Foran. Inglesole made no reply, but Mr. Lock told him. Foran then again wanted Cummings to compel Lock to fetch his horse, which Lock positively refused to do. Cummings now began, systematically, to search all the men's pockets, which he did very adroitly, and appropriated all the money he could find, which amounted to a few pounds. Mr. Lock refused to be searched but held out six shillings to the ruffian, saying it was all the money he had about him, but he would not allow any man in the country to search him. Cummings did not press him, nor did he take the silver offered, but went inside in order to search the house, where he obtained about three or four pounds in silver. He came hack in a few minutes with Mr. Lock's riding boots in one hand and a pair of spurs in the other. Throwing the boots to Foran, he said, " There, Jack, put them on: I never had a pprentice so badly shod." Cummings then stood guard over the prisoners, while Foran put on the boots, which he found to be "a good fit, only a little too long." Throwing his own boots to Lock, Foran said, "Take these, exchange is no robbery; add you may a* well take this coat, it will fit you better than the one you have '—and,he took from Mr. Lock an expensive sealskin, cloth Gned coat, which he bad only very recently bought. Cummings then began to put on Mr. Loek's spurs, remarking that they were sharper than his own, which, although blunt, were quite sharp enough to go and give information to the police. Hie robbers then ordered all their prisoners into the house and " shouted " for them. On tendering money for the drinks, Mr. Lock said, " What is the use of paying for the drink when you have robbed the house; you may keep the money." "Oh no," replied Cummings; I never call for drinks without paying_for it" He then demanded three bottles of whiskey off the shelf, and, pntting them into His pockets, went Out, followed by Foran, and rode away, having staid at the house between two and three hours. They went straight, it would appear, toMrs. Webb'sstore at Mutton's Fall; where they arrived about 10 o'clock. Their approach was observed by Miss Hannah Webb, who ran in and told her brother Robert that two suspicions characters were coming. Mr. Webb, wlio was iu*t recovering from a slow fever, went to the kitchen fora double- barrelled gun, in order to' give the ruffians a warm reception. They entered the store, and at once bailed up Miss Webb And her rasters, brutally swearing " byt the Holy Ghost" that they woidd scatter their brains upon the.floor if they said a word. -Cummings, leaving Foran oh jruard, went through the passage towards the kitchen, for the purpose of bringing in anyone else he might find .on the premises. As he emerged from the door Mr. Robert Webb took aim and shothimin theface. He staggered, fell, and. rolled over groaning, but .rose again immediately and retreated through the hall, leaving a large trail of blood, , whim must have flowed copiously from his 'wound- The ruffians both ran to their horses, and, mounting under a; vdjky. at firefrom revolversTn the hands of the Misses Web, and the second barrel of Mr. Robert Webb'a gun, galloped off, leading .behind them their hats, a jKracho, a bottle of whiskey,. and a. pum contauung about 25s !n silver. They were seen shortly afterwards by two. plot^bmen. Cummings smothered with mood and groaning. Apurraft was immediately eomiaienced ^fey a' number xd the pendente of the Beighborh6od; but owing to the uneven nattire of the -conntry, and the rain obliterating the. tr^cks of the fugitive^ they sosceededinevFtdiro^apitare, and are still, at large. Woohde^ M ^mid^gs waa, it is ber heved he cannot havegonetari; and if a vigilant watch be kept,up hy tlte ikm^'it is hardly possible the ruffians can much longer'pursue their vile career. i 