THEATRE ROYAL. There w&b; a good house last night on the second presentation of " Ilamlet," but the side-boxes were again the weak part of tha house. The dress circle, stalls, pit, and gallery were well filled, and the reception accorded to the play was of that marked kind which betokened a thoroughly appreciative audience. There were fewer bursts of applauBe from same parte of the house than some other styles of play hcve elicited upon occasion, but expressive silence and judicious cbeerB allowed how effective the presentation was felt to be. Mr Montgomery's acting in Hamlet is distinguished by mora of modern refinement and realistic simplicity than by what one of the Gorman critics calls " the theatrical elevation that soars above simple nature." It is a picture of an intensely sensitive man, fired with a burning scorn of wrong and all shams, melancholy by reason of disappointed trust, and look ing with a keen intelleot before and behind till his whole life is " sickled o'er with the pale cast of thought," And, aB we said yesterday, there is little of madness In Mr Montgomery's " Hamlet," and we feel that for that it is none the less near the truth. It is always necessary to assert the right which everybody has to project for himself his own Hamlet, and as we accept Mr Montgomery's, we of course regard it as Shakespeare's. It is, in its whole elaboration and surroundings, the antithesis of what Chateaubriand, in hiB.noticeof this drama, calls "ce Bedlam royal, ou tout le monde est insenfeou criminal, ou la de mence siinules se joint a la deaience vms.'' But we suppose that there are few modern compatriots ol the poet who would accept Chateaubriand's interpre tation in preference to tho touching picture sketched for us by Mr Montgomery. There is reason in the opinion that Hamlet is but the poet projected upon the drams. This is the view taken by many critics, M. Taine included, while others see more of the poet's self in Henry V. Per haps both are right, and we may say with one of the latest commentators that "Henry V. seems tome to represent the youth and Hamlet the mature age of Shakespeare." The creation in no lusus potla, not at least in a revolting or improbable sense. What it has of the uncommon is its marvellous fidelity to bo much of tho infinitely diversified and mysterious thing we call human nature—a human nature highly intellectual and emotional. This seems to us to be the train of thought and feeling which Mr Montgomery's interpretation is likely to suggest. Before the gboatly revelation ia made be is indeed melancholy, but afterwards be has a cue for notion, but not Othello's vigor of purpose,yet has a new force whose operation, if fit ful, is seen working all through the unravelling of the play. The whole first act is a magnificent study. It is fall of alternating and finely discriminated pause, action, and perfect elocution. Quick flashes of natural fire are mingled with the dark silences of thought, the wailings of bitter sorrow commingling with the loathings of disgust, laod lit up ever and anon with brief, impetuous, bat perfectly natural outbursts of irrepressible passion. But wo must not linger. The embodiment of the character is too rich in attractive elements to be described in out line, and we have no space for details. We must commend the generally excellent sup port afforded by the other players to the great centre character in the play. Mr Mus grave is a very able Polonious, and Mr Rayner would be a most excellent Ghost if he were a little nearer the footlights, or were a little more audible to the farther portions of the house. We like his delivery, otherwise, better than either Mr Heir's or Mr IIoekir.B'- It has not the astringent rasping tones of the one nor the sermonising sonorousness of the other. Mrs Hill is a little unsuited to Ophelia, yet enacts the character with really great propriety and is a valuable acquisition. Mrs Hol lo way looks right queenly as Gertrude, and Mr Brown plays the King -with a sufficient absence of the melo-dramntic to make it keep fairly well with the general action. Mr Holloway is hardly a proper Laertes, but he is too skiliul not to make it tolerable. Mr Batson speaks the part of Horatio very carefully, and Is evidently paying attention to his profession of late. It is soarcely necessary that we should slate that as on the first night, Mr Montgomery was called for at the close of all the four acts, in which he is prominent towards the close of each. This evening the same performance will bs repeated. 