NEW SOUTHn WALES. SHOCKING DEATc oF A MOTHER AND CHILD.-An accident occurred on Sunday night, on the Rocky Point-road, which re sulted in the death of Mrs. Betsey Roberts, aged thirty-two years, and her daughter Clara, aged two and a half years. Constable Thos. Shanon stated that about six o'clock yesterday morning ho received information that the bodies of a woman and child were lying under a dray which had been capsized into a culvert off tile Rocky Point road ; he at on-o proceeded to the spot, and there found the body of a woman, lying partly on its right side o deceased's right foot was jammed between tlhe wheel and the sideboard of the cart, and her clothes had also got fastened co the cart ; the woman was quite dead, and the water from the culvert was flowing over her ; the child's clothes had also got fastened to the cart, and its body was lying under water underneath the cart; he had the bodies re moved to a house near by. William Mores, a labo-er, stated that about eleven o'clock on Sunday night he was walking along the Rocky Point-road towards home, when his attention was arrested by hearing some one shouting out; he stopped to listen for a few minutes, when the noise ceased, and lhe was about to proceed on his way again when lhe heard some man call out, " For God's sake, master, help m s; the wheel is on my legs, and mny wife and child are dead, and the horse too;" he went in the direction from which the voice proceeded, and looked about, but the niht was so dark le could discern nothing but the cart; hle heard some one ask him to pull the wheel of the cart back, that lhe might get his leg out ; he used his utmost endeavors in trying to move the cart, but was unable to move it, and he ran to M r. Iliffs's house ; Mr. Iliffe procured a light and they returned to gether; they found a man in a very ex hausted condition sitting up to his waist in water, with one of his legs fast underneath the cart ; theyremovedthecart, and exstica'edhim; they also discovered the corpse of a woman lying partly underneath the cart the horse attached to the cart was dead; there was a little boy sitting on the cart, whom he lifted oil, and he and Mr. Ilifl'e afterwards carried the man home. That portion of the road near to where the accident happened is very narrow, and the culvert in lwhich the cart lay is five or six feet deep. Fdward Roberts, market gardener, of Patmoro Swamp, stated that between six and seven o'clock on Sunday evening, he was returning home from Peter sham with his horse and cart, in which were his wife and two children. The Rocky Point-road was not his nearest way home, but he took that road because it was in bettor re pair and was safer to drive over, and the horse was more accustomed to it; when it got dark he turned off the main road, into the bush track; the horse found his way through the bush track, and brought them safely on the main road again. The night tas so dark he could not see the road, and therefore did not attempt to lead the horse. As soon as they had got out of the bush the rain com menced, and he pulled up, whilst his wife wrapped a shawl round herself and the chil. dren. They then started oil again, but had not gone very far when the cart was upset into a culvert. He was thrown off, and fell with one of his legs under the wheel. He called to his wife several times, but received no answer. He could not see anything of his deceased child, but he found his little boy thrown on to the bank near to him, and by the aid of the lightning he placed the boy safely in the cart again. The culvert was deep and was filled with water, and it was raining very hard. He remained with his leg fistoned until about eleven o'clock, when assistance uvas rendered him by Mr. Morse, who happined to be passing along the road and heard his cry for help. The jury returned a ordict to the effect thlt death had resulted fromn injuries accidentally received by the upsettir~ of a cart.-S. t11. Herald. SAD TERMINATION OF A DAY'S FROLIC. The .Maitland Mercury says :-A magisterial inquiry was held on 1st April, at Singleton, touching the death of a boy named Edward Gould, aged ten years. On 10th of November last a boy named James Leonard got behind deceased, caught him by the shoulders; placed his knee in the small of his back, and- threw him on the ground. He arose, went home, and complained of a pain in the back; went to bed, from which he never rose again; he suffered excruciating pain ; he died on Sun day last, 31st March. A post-mortem exami- nation was made by Dr. Glennie, who found that the lower dorsal vertebrae inclined for- ward out of their position. The boy Leonard admitted having thrown the deceased, stating it was done in a joke. He was committed to take his trial for manslaughter. Teen CATASTROPII AT Towns' WI?ArF. An inquiry was held on 10th inst., respecting the death of George Cruise, second offcer of the ship Eastward Ho, from New York, now lying at Towns' Wharf. Deceased was thirty years of ago, a native of Now York, and was unmarried. John M'Adam, wharfinger, stated that between 11 and 12 o'clock on Tuesday night he was called out of bed by Benjamin Davis, who said that he had just shot the mate of the Eastward Ho; he dressed, and went to the deceased, who died in about ten minutes afterwards; Davis was a very peaceable, temperate man.-Benjamin Davis, night watchman on Towns' wharf, was next examined, and stated that about twenty minutes past 11 o'clock on Tuesday night, he was sitting on a carpenter's bench on the wharf, with a lantern in front of him, when the second officer of the ship Eastward Ho went up to him, and entered into conversation with him; deceased said he wondered when they were going to pay them off' the vessel, as he was sick of it; he asked deceased what reason he had to wish to leave the vessel, when deceased sail that he had to go up to town that night to get something to oat, as there was nothing but bread and tea in the cabin for supper; they had been in conversation together' for about a quarter of an hour, when deceased placed his hand in his coat and drew out a pistol, which he handed to him (witness), at the same time asking him if he had over seen anything like it before ; he took it out of deceased's hand and examined it; he then drew the hammer back, but as his head was down, he could not say whether deceased roticed him do it or not; deceased did not say anything to him about the pistol being loaded, nor did he ask him whether it was loaded ; he had never seen a pistol of the same description before ; deceased had one of his feet on the bench, resting his back against the locker's oflice ; he (witness) was stooping, looking at the pistol, when he cocked it, and placed his fingers on what he did not know was the trigger until afterwards; the pistol immediately exploded; deceased exclaimed "Jesus Christ I man, what are you doing ?" at first he thought deceased was alluding to his having fired the pistol and disturbed the people in the ne:ghbonrhood ; but on looking up he saw deceased place his arms across his chest; he asked deceased if the pistol was loaded, and whether he was shot, and deceased said "yes" to both questions; di ceased fell backwards, . and: .: he (witness) immediatly ran (o the .office door and knocked up the wharfinger; he next went to [the carter's place and knocked him up, and then he-went for Dr. Shaw; when he returned to the wharf the man was dead ; de ceased did not tell him why he'carried the pistol, nor did he ever see him with a 'pistol before; deceased and he were the best of friends, and never had anydispute;' deceased was a very sober man, and he did not observe any signs of drink on himn on Tuesday night. Dr. Shaw stated that on his arrival: at t he wharf shortly defore 12 o'clock, he found de ceased dead; there was an oval wound on de ceased's left breast ; and on probing it be found it passed downwards and backwaids, a'ind rhther inwards; the bullet must have passed through highly dangerous structures, probably the heart, and he had no doubt that death had resulted from .violence done by a., loaded pistol; he found no other 'marks of violence on the body. Verdict:" Died from the effect of a pistol shot wound accidentally inflicted.".' STAnuiNo NRan SINoLETox.-Tbe Single torn Times says:-About 5 p.m., on 9tl. inst., intelligence was brought to the polidee bar racks that a man had been stabbed at Wit tingharm, near Singleton. It appeared that a half-caste, named Jackey Murray, had been at the Bull's Head, and on being requested to leave, an altercation took place between Mur ray and a son of the landlord's, 'which resulted in the former fiercely, stabbing the latter in the upper part of the arm with a knife, which he plunged to the handle, into, his victim, and instantly-decamnped up the railway line. SUPPOSED nREE AT OBERON.-Som par ties of miners, we boear, are busily prospecting for a quartz reef in the neigborhood of Lam bert's Reef, Oberon. One small piece of stone is said to have contained quite a sover eign's worth of precious metal.-.Bathurst Times, April 6. ESCAPE OF A LroN.-Information reached Tamworth that the cart containing the lion and leopard, which have very lately been ox hibited in Armidale, met with a capsize at Carlisle's Gully, and that in the fall the box in which the lion wasconfined became broken, and the beast got loose. Our informant tells us that, beyond destroying a few sheep, no further injury was done, but that it was deemed necessary, as a precaution, to shoot the animal. -Telegraph. AonRIGINALS V. ILLAWARA.--On 5th inst. this match was played. The Aboriginals losing the toss were sent in first, and succeeded -in running up a total of 116-Mullagh playing a splendid innings of 45 without giving the ghost ofa chance-remaining at the wickets for three hours and a.half, and seeing eight or nine changes in the bowling. Wills' 27. were made in his usual peculiar style, nearly all being singles. The Illawarra C. C. then went to the wickets, but the bowling of Lawrence (who took five wickets for 1 run), and Wills was so good that they were all disposed of for 20. They declined to follow their innings, and the match was therefore won by the Aboriginals by 96 runs. 