\- LIVING TOO FAST. rrr.OM CASSEIX's SIA0A2I.SB.] Thrco adjectives, 'Tall,' 'Fast,' and 'lioud,' have grown of late to be symbolically si-rnificant. Onr American cousins talk about a°pretty 'taU' price' anA a VerJ 'lond' smell; and some say that the daughters of Lord Hautecroix nre exceedingly ' fast' yonng _ * ? mi.. n!*v«!4ifinTi rtn o f ttif-IlPn f,O fcnPRG 1(1 (lie S. ?*? u' oij;uiuv.'''' — ? adjectives, no on3 can mis3. The imnges they convey arc those which carry the poetry of slang. ' Fast life' is now understood, not necessarily to be a shameful life — although it carries much of tint with it— hut it means that kind of life which revels in excitement, and which places its happiness in going a little beyond that, modest 'pale which confines the great majority of mankinl. It msans, moreover, that a man or woman lives too much. Some time ago a daily newspaper startled tis all by an . article, in which the writer sought to prove thftt all mankind — lawyers, pnMons, traders, m artists, mechanics, craftsmen, editors, astute publishers and ingenious authors, sailors, en gineers or men of science — work a great deal too hard, and that a large portion of English men die of brain wark ; but really this is an exaggeration. The writer, indeed, tried to provo this by one-sided evidence merely. Lord Macaulny — who, by the way, reached sixty — George Stephcnson, Bnmol nnd Justice Tal fourd, were all cited as instances of those who, to quoto Dr. Johnson on the Earl of Rochester, have ' blazed away tHcir exist ance,' having ' lived too rapidly,' and at an early ago having exhausted the fund of life allotted to raun.' Now although, judging from the figures of 51. Flonrens, tho French philosopher, and the analogies of Buffon, it is perhaps doubtful whether seventy years be the natural term of life, the fact is that people do not usually liva beyond that time, and the average of human life is not half of it. But, short as it is, the majority of man kind does not consider life of such a benefit us to retain it unenjoyed. Old- heads do not grow on young shoulders. The yoimg public burns life's caudle at both ends ; it will turn day into night, and night into dixy, like that extraordinary Egytian king, who to disap point an oracle, which had allotted him only six years of remaining life, burnt in numerablo torches, and never slept, but wan dered about, and lived 'fast' by night. that, by thus mnking two days ost of one, he might prove tho oraclo wroug. But, fast or slow, it would seem to matter little. A com munity of Quakers or of monks does not neces sarily boast of long lives ; over-rest is as destructive as over-work, jnst as we shall find ever that steel rusts away mncli sooner than it rubs away. Wo may preach as we liko about living, but people will do so. A good work man sticks to his work, and will do it, whether he work too much or too little. Time is short, and art is long ; but, notwith standing all that is said, few ef us really dio of over-work. Indolence is eur great enemy. We need to strugglo hard to conquer that. Another ally of indolence is dissipation — :we menn that scattering of time and means which all of us more or less indulge in — that silly wasto of life which is so fatal to us nil, and to which young and old have coaseuted to give tho mis nomer of 'fast' life; a sad mistake, for a slower existence, except that of the polypus, could not bo found. Fast life is not a growth of this century. Indeed, we doubt whether in that kind of fastness wo aro not far below our ancestors. That was the fast time when men and women lived at a tremendous rato ; went to bed nt four in the morning, and voso at two iu tho day ; lost whole es iatcs at cards ; indulged in tho nat'i val productions of ' such life, the spleen, vapors, and gout ; ruined their estates and constitutions in senseless endeavors to outvia each other, and sunk at last to a mere country existence, wedded to a lout whom they despised, or, followers of a fauatic, went early to prayers, devoted the whole world to perdi tion, and thus, to quote Swift, ' sacrificed to God the devil's leavings.' The lives of Char teris, Sir George Dashwood, honest John Wilkcs, nud others, were fast indeed. It is doubtful whether the constitutions which they have loft to their descendants ?will allow them to enjoy such n life. The dregs and hitter grouts of these old century cups remain to us. We cannot wonder that clubs and evening parties were condemned if they led to such results. Nor can we wonder if our groat grandmothers should cry out against novels, when they were like those writ ten by Mrs Aphra Behu and Mrs Manley, by Dr. Smollett or Mr Kenrick. SirWaltor Scott relates a story of an old lady, who always re ferred with pleasure to those tales of her youth, and, whilst relating the fact that they used to be read aloud, and in company, wished to hear somo that had pleased her when a girl. Her request was complied with, but the audience stopped their ears, and the old lady burning with blushes, could hardly believe her eyes when she saw the copy of the book. So much had the taste changed. No wondor that with such fiction, all fiction was forbidden. When things are at tho worst they will mend ; and the darkest hour is always just before the dawn ; so say our proverbs, which aro certain em bodiments of truth. Gross immorality cannot last for ever. Our plays were purified or neglected, our gamblers suppressed — without the aid, indeed, of Lord ICenyon, who had threatened to pillory three gambling duchesses — our songs breathed something of sentimont mid less of love ; our pictures grew to be more modest ; our novels, after an interrognum of ghost stories and Mrs Iladclifie's romances, became porfoctly pure and decently historical, and havo finally grown to bo uctually volumes of sermons. Nay, . some of them are more than sermons. The author of tho 'Heir of Itedclyffe,' and those excellent ladies who write of good curates and worthy vicars, and of clerymen's wives who aro the light of tho parsonage, write more high-flown, and, in fact, purer morality than that contained in tho sermons of Stern or Blair. ' What I wish, I wish well,' says a Latin motto of n certain nobio houso ; and English morality wishes well what it does wish. So does the French for a time. When Marot found that the court of Henry the Second was rather too vicious for him, ho turned the Psalms of David into a popular metre, and the whole court sung them. Each of the princes and courtiers who had been vicious enough u moment before, took a favorite psalm to themselves. Tho king's mistress, Madame de Yalcntinois, took one, ' Lord, to thoe I make my moan ;' the queen, ' Lord, in thy wrath reprove me not ;' and the whole court echoed with penitential psalms. But the fit passed off, and in a few months tho court was as bad as ever ; so that to people accustomed to luxury and immorality, psalms and hymns and spiritual songs are of little good after all. Morality swings back wards and forwards like a pendulum, or liko that lamp which Gallileo saw in a cathedral, and from which he took the first idea of tho time ineasuror now attached to Dutch clocks. We have been too salemn and slow for some time, and the truth is we arc getting rather fast. We have hoard oome quiet, simple people ask the meaning of the word. What is it? What is a fast man ? What a fast young lady ? It is a slang word, expressive, colloquial, forcible ; llllt if. IS ffflTlArnllv nqpli— «nTmii-1l Rn flliltcnma time past even the most refined paper in the world — the organ of the aristocracy — took oc casion to locture tho young ladies . of Great ' Britain, the young women of first society, upon being fast. From what one could gather, a fast girl was one who adopted the tono of her brother's conversation ; was know ing upon horses, read sporting newspapers, pretended to know the world, was fond of novels, of the sea side, of yachting, riding to cover, and even smoking. In this they were opposed by tho slow girls, who condemn all the world. Who do not follow their example ? But fastneBs of which this, perhaps, is a rather favorable description, did other things not quite so innocent, and which,. when put into print, look serious enough ; but it was all pre ferred in the most fashionable newspaper of the day ngainst the young ladies of our own age. Nay, what is worse, they, the young ladies, pleadod guilty to the charge. Letters from British matrons said that one reason — the chief, the only, perhaps— was that what were called fast girls always got the best husbands, und were tho soonest married. Now, to marry— work out the sum as you may— is, at present at least, the chief end of woman's life. It may bo said of woman that, whether sho marries or does not marry, she at times regrets the step she has taken all her life ;_but from sixteen to sixty her chief and natural idea is how to marry. There is not much to object to in this. No life is nobler, to our poor finite mind, than married life. Wo do not here, in Christian England, make a merit of abjuring the world, and forswearing a lifo of usefulness. But let tho end bo attained honorably. We have heard the plea put forward that English girls, who disliko fastness as much' as anyone, are often obliged to be fast, because, unless they did so, they would attract attention. But really fast young ladies are quite mistaken. There is, of course, a wide difference in manner ; but the most modest and retiring lady in the world can be, and generally is, more attractive than the most brazen. The modest, quiet girls stand the best chance. There is no reasou why every young lady should speak with the stupid pre cision of a miss just fresh from school; there is not tho slightest reason either why she should not know something of politics, and those other things which men take interest in. Women may know a great deal more than they do know, and in many cases might be more freely brought forward as the friends and helpmates of man. But there is a reason why they should not bo sharp, mannish, cun ning, knowing and fast. Misa Nightingale, for instance, knows a good deal ; has taught England by her wisdom, has set an example to all by her patience and well-doing, but sho is- far from being fast. To bo ready to talk man's talk, and to bo perfect in slang and small talk, these are accomplishments wmen. unfortunately, many young ladies have been taught to put forward uuder the idea of secur ing a match. Wo can only say that it must be a very poor fish to be canght by such a hook.' Fast yonng men would probably think an evening with a man liko Lord Brongham slow, nnd, perhaps, vote him a bore. Yet, if wo look upon the lifa of that great man, we shall find that it has been tho fastest on record — Wo should count time by ho:irt beat.-?. IIs lives most 'Who docs most, thinks tho wisost, acts the best. For, indeed, as the same writer observes ' it is tho sun on the mind's dial shining bright, aud chronicling thoughts and deeds 'which makes true time.' A great statesman used to say ' Gentlemen let us stay awhilo, that wo may finish tho sooner ;' and it was so wise a saying that dozens have copied it. The proof of it in ono way is that the fast men in their youth are the slow ones in old ago ; tho fast young lndy, so bright, merry, gay, and pert, marries in haste, to repent at leisure, and to make that slowest of matrons, an unliappv wife ; whilst culm cheerfulness, serenity, evenness of tempor and mind and manners, nbt only often win the best prize, but, if they do not come first, will yet keep up a gaod pace, and not bo. ' distressed' when they reach that goal wo are all hastening to. 