An Angler's Ghost. (FEOlt TUB FIELD.) I bad been spending a week in Wales fish ing ; the last day of my abort holiday was over. It was rather late in the season for the spring fishing, and an unusually hot, dry, and early season. The day had been bright and cloud less ; fly-fishing was oat of the question, so I had been spinning a minnow in a little lake near which I was staying, and which was said to contain some small lake trout. I shall not give you the name of the lake, as I hare not the remotest idea how to spell it-(I know there are a great many ll's in it)-and I so nearly dislocated my jaw in trying to pronounce it that I registered a TOW never to make the attempt again, which TOW I have religiously kept. The lake was said to contain S. feroK, and it might have contained sea serpents for anything I knew to the contrary; but as suredly the only fish I saw there was the minnow on my flight. I suppose the water was too clear and bright; so I returned to my lodgings in the evening, tired, hot, and ill tempered. It was disappointing to a fellow who eo seldom gets a holiday to be so unlucky. My lodging was a room in a small cottage, tenanted by a person of the unique name of Jones. After Mrs. J. had given me my frugal supper of bread and cheese and a glass of beer (bow a fried trout would have been relished 1), I retired to my room and bed, bat coald not go to sleep. Restless and feverish, I rolled from one side of the, bed to the other, till i t was as uncomfortable as it conveniently oould be on eo Bhort a notice; then I did what I ought to have done before-Iita segar, opened the window, leaned out, and smoked. It was a lovely night-scarcely a cloud to j»e seen, a few days' old moon was shining dovrn on the silent earth, and the far-off river sparkled like a thread of silver as it wound its way round the mountains that formed a back ground to the scene I was gazing on. Tjie beauty of the scenery, the cool night air, and the fumes of the Indian weed calmed my irritated nerves, and I laid myself down again happy and comfortable. I seemexifated, how ever, not to go to sleep, for just as I was dropping off I fancied I heard something ft.ll on the floor. I sat pp in bed, but saw nothing, and concluding that. I bad been dreaming, Ifty down again. How long I had been asleep after this happened I know not; but I was suddenly awakened from my peaceful slumbers by a fearful noise, like no sound, human or other wise, that I had ever heard before. It some what resembled, but was fifty times louder than, the noise which a watch makes when the chain is broken, ever and anon mingled with unearthly yells. I strained my eyes to peer into the darkness, and could indistinctly see something rushing round the room, and knocking over chairs,, or whatever else came in its way. My blood ran oold. ? I coiild feel Each particular hair to stand on erd Like qulUs upon tbe fretful porcupine. I tried to shout for help, butmyvoioe failed me; and after probably a few minutes, which seemed a lifetime, I summoned up all my resolution, and prepared to make a rush for tne door. I spirang out of bed, but hardly tod reached the floor when I felt some sharp instrument drawn across my lqgs. 1 ^tumed to my^sSj I rwTXi bound to the chair, the " gholt" -" Its claws Mo my legs till they viontf«>r ; jliiP 