THE "TOO LIBBRAV LAND srsruM. (To l\e R-litor of the Briibtnt Courier.) Sir, -From remarks.cttira.it ia conver sation, newspaper correspondence, and leading articles, it nppears to rao Hint t>>ere is not a general appreciation of the full liberality extended to the public the recent Action of the present " liberal Ministry." t have particularly remarked tfie supposed inroductiontil the Victorian character, " Dummy," and it seems gone Tally conceded that the presence of this personage in necessary to supplement * supposed want of liberality in the recent conj unction of the LeasiuR-cuinvfljeBarves Acts. That this silent but usuful mem ber of society is useded in Victoria, must be apparent to every reader of the Land Acts of 1663 and 1865, presently exiting in tbat 'colony; and had Dr. ChalUnor succeeded in obtaining the introduction into oar land laws of the 15th clause of the Victorian Act, or even bad schedule B ofourpwn Reserves Act of 18GS boen . adopted in the Lnaping Act of the presence of this muto friend of tbo ? monopolist would- be unavoidable. But 1 must own that after a rather earefui . perusal of our Besenes. Act, as onteiy preted by the Leasing Act, when UW. «atfld by Ministerial light, I cannot fully /understand why you have raised the 1 ghosts of suflh difficulties in your leading article of the 12th iustv FoU there say, " But when some of the magnates en the Downs, believing that they are sure of Ministerial protection, resort to the un 1 scrupulous uso of the ' dummy system, 1 and in the nataps of their enplayto get i pouMsion of tho sRodfl of* wrsB of pick of their holdings in the course of a few days." it will, in the first place, be the duty of the House to enquire concern iuj the truth of the dealarationg (what declaration*?) made in cases where there are nubstantinl reasons for believing that an offouce punishable as perjury may have bean, £omtqitte<l .by pertain applicants, who may have been suborned ,to make false deelaratians hj other persons having a deeper interest in sueli transactions. And again, "What » delightful thing rt will be to remain for twelve months at the mercy of grooms and stockmen, who mar-turn round at last and claim their 820 acres and defy all consequences." Now really, Sir, if ail' these difficulties were to be enc.mnteied they would greyly qualify the present "too great liberality' of things. But there ore no such difficulties, «s I shall presently show. In schedule B to the Agricultural B» serves Act of 1803, being the for«a of ap plication under the free selection clause of that Act, there is the declaraiion,-1 live in Qu^eusland; I am above the age of twenty-one years j and I apply for Buch "portion on my own behalf ana for my awn use, and not as an agent or trustee for any other person whatsoever, and I have -not applied for any otlpr portion of land in the said agricultural reserve; aud 1 fur ther declare that X apply for (he said por tion in oriw that I may u*e #nd occupy the same, aud that I have riotantered into anr agreement to sell, demise, or mort gage the said portion." is there any -wucli declaration necessi tated uuder the Leasing Act ? Nothing ot the kiod. I vbould certainly not be surprised if such a forix} were issued at the {iresent time for applicants. It would ook well, and to the eyes of the public its temporary use would modify the *' two great liberality" of tht» Land Office ; but not being necessitated, we could not of course expect its continuance when the first blast ol' popular apprehension will barQ passed. The form proper for applicants under thp I/easing Act is appe.uad to that Act and it is bold enough:-" I hereby apply to be declared andentere.l as lessee under the Leasing Act of 1868, of the allotment of land specified below. I herewith tender the sum of ., and I agree to all the conditions and restrictions of the said Act so far as the same apply to the aaid land. Such is the only legal and acknowledged form of application for leasing land at two shillings and sixpence per acre, and should any other form be insisted on by the Land Office, it ean be legally resisted. Presuming always, of course, that the recent action of the Ministry is itsel legal. Besides, it will be conceded bj any per .on carefully collating the Resarres and Leasing Acts, that the Leasing Act is complete in itself, aud is in no particular affected bj the terms and provisions of the Unserves Act, except where speci fically mentioned. That specific mention is in die 12ih clause of the Leasing Act: " Provided only that if taken up on lease, they (namely, Lands in reserves) shall be subject to the same condition and restric tion as to cultivation an- quantity as if they were ^elected by purchase.' This " protidtd onljf11 is the sole restriction, the sole condition imported into the Leasing Act, from the Agricultural Reserves A fits of 1800 and L8V3, aud it simply necessitates that thelesseecult rat® one-sixth of his holding* M<i do oot take up on lease beyond 820 acres, lakiu^ the interpretation of the present Ministry, the Reserves Acts throws tb» land open foh selection, keeps it so for one month, and then abandons it for ever. Thereupon the Leasing Act takes possession of it, and the only impress and footprint of the former act which it bears, aud which are specifically adopted by the new act, are ?' 820 " and " one.sixth." Where then are the difficulties in the way, or what is there to stay the onward progress of this most liberal of laud system^? Ukre the land agent say to you *" Declare, Sir, that you reside in Queensland." Yon B>»f boilyour " billy" iu Timbucloo if you CAD only write from that post towu, and say, " I hereby apply to be deo'ared and entered as lesse». Are you twenty-one years of age f It matterj not if you are not so many dsys. If you are only a ?' pers.in," and in such a sense John jJtuart Mill never dreamt of -if only with infautiue treble you can pi(« out "I hereby apply," aud if you caunol yourself, your dud can pipe it fur you. " Do you apply oi: your owu behali, for your «wu use, aud not as agent, trustee f Ac" I'he question is simply impertinent: you uiiy »pp'j for your grandmother, and, if diliiculty should arise. you pan apply f"r yourself, and nest tnomrfng, under clauses 8 nnd 9 of the Letting Act, you can transfer it over to yoor aged ana venerated relative; and as .for agreements to eel!, demise, -e mart gage, you are free to M«d ynurself and your leasehold precisely according to your own sweet will. Where then, Sir, are the grouuds for fear that the f< ieadt of the present Ministry may have " to rewaiu for twelve month* at the merey of groosts Mid atoekmen, who #ay torn sound »t last andL claim their 320 acres, and defy all consequences?" Or, why have the matter pending for twelve months. mora ihan twelve hours t In the aeventh clause of the Beaerwaa Act, it was pr.uided that if within twelve months the selector make declaration that be baa resided ait monthi on the land, cultivated one-sixth, and fen red substantially, then " a Jetd of grant shall be issued" That is, supposing %. wants a deed of grant {-but supposing he wants only a lease; why be gets it at once under clause 5 of the Leasing A.ct, whjfts BByB: " The person deelaeed Jesse* shall receive fr-'tn the UmJ- ageut a le»se." And that l^asa he can hwd over to any one lie.pleases, oa the spot, and register the transfer for ten drillings. Under the Lewna Act, on getting your right a«d title to the land, all (he conditions aw in the future, so thai from the first, moment you have got a negotiable community. You need have no apprehension then (if pny .Iteration in the rotations of master apd servant. The master can as »feJy entrust his £40 for a day to hia groom as he can one of his valuable horses; and the groom oan go as boldly into the Land Office as . the intending cotton planter. There ia no reaaon for his acting dummy* he can be as loquaoious as he likes, or lie unj merely say, " I hereby apply to be deolarod, and entered as lessee,1' and forthwith " the person declared lessee shall receive from toe Land Agent a lease." Where is the temptation for peijury heref Why there ia not an opening tor the greatest liar in Queensland- I trust I have shown that our present land system, as administered by our present Bteoutire, is one of great liberality indeed; so liberal that I think none but the most insatiate and unreasonable copld complain <ff it on that score, tat us Bee its points. Any man, woman, or child, in Queensland, ot out of it, can become by free selection the lessee of 320 acres of land, at the mort gagee, and assignee, and eventually pro prietor in fee simple of 820P00, or any greater amount. It is true he will be expected to cultivate one-sixth of this, but this illiberal condition is susceptible of " liberal " interpretation at tbehaods of a Ministry of BO " liberal" proclivities There can be uo danger, in fact there is no fear op the part of the selectors, we are told, that this condition will ba made oppressive to t?ie poor man, or the rich one eitherj at least if the present Minis try bold the rei S'of state. Now let as I truce things to tneir natural result. A j wealthy capitalist of Victoria finds the sphere of liis activity circumscribed by that scoundrelly long winded IB>h clauai of the Victorian Land Act, with all its insane objections to " sublessee, assignee, infant, married woman, agent, servant, trustee. Ac. A Cbirnside or an Aipbabet Clarke, be has long felt his 6O,O0D or 400,000 acres of land as affording insuffi ci.'nt sphere for hia mental activity, and turns his I ngii g eyes ti» the cotton lands aud sugar fields ot Queensland. With mind keenly whetted by years of conflict with cockatoos aud hostile land legislation, he takes up our land system aa dispensed by our liberal Government; he lightly skim* it over, and wiuks with his dexter orbit. Presently a horde of suireyors make their appearance, aud application after application eomes over from Victoria, until, say, a thousand lots of the finest agricultural lands of Queensland, in blooks of 820 acres, cobter.iiittous or otherwise, are the leasehold property of people that represent, or are understood to represent as mauy persons resident in Tictoria. No sooner have the leases been issued, which must be immediate, than an eqtul number ol ten-shilling pieces are sent to our Surveyor-General, under the 8tb and .9th clauses of our Leasing Aet, in order to " transfer, assign, or encumber the same." and all in favour of the name of one trausferree, assignee, or mortgagee to wit, the Chiroside or Clark aforesaid who in due time, by foreclosure of mort gage, and by c.ish down, or by instalments of twelve and a-half per cent, per annua, becomes the happy holder of 820,000 acres. Sir, only let it be borne in mind that there is no limit to the quantity of land that may be thus held in mortgage, end I publicly assert and i .defv contra diction, that all the foreguing, without the slightest possible difficulty or risk, and with the least possible subterfuge, is quite attainable under the present administra tion of the Leasing-cum-Reserves Act*. And I would add, that bo fiirther land \« necessary; and all that is requisite in order to make the pneseiit system perfect in " liberality" is to extend the agricul tural reserves from Mflreton Island to'. Cooper's Creek, and from Cape York to Point Danger, t believe this is the view also of the present Ministry. Now, Sir, 1 ask is this what we want for settling the people on the lands of Queensland f Is thia not the very peril that has ®ver been the terror of the liberal party in every colony of Australia f Is it not the very acme of the perfection of pre emptive right P titend it «ver the colony, and soon capital will be forthcoming to convert squattages into enormous f'reeliold sheep farms The squatter can soon ob tain or manufacture names, to take t>p ail the fat of his run-names that at the same moment will mortgage their Llocks to the wealthy squatting agent in Sydney, a capitalist who will have but to pay twelve ] and a-halt per cent, per abnuta, or little ? over bank interest, to acquire the fee I simple of the principality over which his flocks and herds are roaming. What a noble security this to the agent for the permanence of his run. Wlial capital it would unquestionably import into Queens laud; but, ab! at what a wotul cost. The finest, richest lands, would all be speedily absorbed in enormous permanent sheep walkB, and fr.r agee to come Queens land would be just as she is. In neigh bouring colonies they have found the need of sternly and rigidly ataudiflg op ugainit enormous laud mouopoly, and jet in Vi - tori*, radical reckless, and tfild digging, in optte of everv precaution enormous free holds of hundreds of thousands of Asms are still wasted in the proportion of fn acres to a sheep. There, in spite of fieippat oppositions D'id keenest scrutiny, capital tins at tinii*K suceue ls<l in m .impiu lisini; lhr> land. H.-n- we bare seen e»vry Legislative barrier torn aside {we belinve illegally) ; and we say the Ministry has surpassed its predecessors in .' liberality." "Sir, ft is true. Our squatting Ministry has not done a new thing. Some t (ere are that compare the action of the present Ministry tm ib.it ot the Conservative Ministry in Westminster, abandoning Conservatism and outstripping even the Liberals in Rafurpi. What shallow ob servation! Who, with any reflection, would charge squatters with fllibi-rdlitjr in land reform ? Wliat more liberd iliau land at five shillings-aye, baff-a-crown per acre, and naxrstrictinns or conditions; and this has been the effort of the |)&rty; now in pi wer for years post; and who ham been Hie advocates of high upset price at<4 stringent conditions of residence and cultiv.uwi with the people and the guardians of tlie people's intwvsts P And in the neighbouring colonies it has always been the sane. I owd not explain the cause; it is obvious to all. But I do ej pNss my astonishment at those wftoseem to look ou the late illegal aotion of the Ministry as a bold atroke for popular. tkvour, Sir, on the sontrary, it is the mad act of the reckless in aie*iug the first moment for carrying out what nas been 1 their wild wish during years of hopeless effort. That the squatters are too libiral. in dealing with the public lands has always been the nightman of the popular i euardiaa* of .ours and our chiUfcen"* ] heritage; that through their liberality the ] public lands would speedily pass into the J greedy hands of unproductive monopolists who would kpep Australia, for ever a wilderness, haa been the grim phantom ever present with the friends of tha people. ~ whether the action of the present Ministry be legal or illegal, I stay not to enquire; it ia at least in atrict.accordsnce ' villi the past tenet* and aspirations of t|ie party If it is illegal, it is an jputraye on. uwaiid order conBumtpated jo the tnugieut of partyviotory, which has, I tbini,aot» ! }»raUeI in colonial Executive adtninistra, tion. If l^al, then it behorea the friends and guardians of the people s interests to rise aa one nan, and sweep away this unexpected monster which has appeared amongst our statutes; for if, as at present appears, by unlimited powers of assign ment and mortgage, and without even the j avail, curb of residenoe with .cultivation, j one man could by possibility become poa- ! seised of all the fertie lands included I within our agricultural reserves, and these I reserves are of indefinite extension, aud may embraoe the whole oolony of Queens- , lopd j then beyond all controversy our land system is the very embodiment of public DANGER. 