THE LATEST THING IN JONES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir, Next to the Haymarket burlesque, and the return of Stutt, the funniest event of the day is the movement lately initiated in the piscatorial hamlet of Williamstown to secure the landing of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh at the Railway Pier. Now, as Piers claim precedence according to date of creation, Sandridge clearly has the ins, and the poet has a light to be "crusty" at the of-fish-usnesss of the fishing village. The Hamlet of Montgomery may or may not have been insane, but it is evident that the hamlet of Williamstown is stark staring mad. I am not speaking from prejudice, as I do not dislike Williamstown ; I rather admire it from Gellibrand's Point of view and when at all anxious to cultivate melancholy and serious ideas, I have frequently visited the place, and returned from it, if not a better, certainly a sadder man. I love poetry and romance, and am therefore not insensible to the picturesque beauties of the pallid light- house rearing its exalted head in white- washed innocence. I love to revel amongst the romantic scenery of the three-gun battery, and drink in (with a dash of brandy the corrugated delights of the railway sheds. I have yearned after the sylvan solitudes of the public gardens, but that (etTo incognita has never Yet been revealed to me. I have watched with pleasurable sensations the warlike preparations to meet threatened invasions for have I not seen Williamstown's own CB. man his own raft, fire his own gun, and nearly tumble into the water? But enough, Sir, of the Elysium of Hobson Bay. I am forgetting the joke', or rather no joke if the Premier and the CB. listen to the blandish- ments of the Williamstown deputation " appointed to confer with the hon. the Chief Secretary, or such other authority as may be appointed, to take such steps as they may deem necessary' to secure the desired object." If this resolution, passed at the recent meeting, had been carried at the Pivot, the malignant calumniators of jovial Geelong would have talked of unintelligible Geelongese ;" but the other resolution arrived at was plainly to be understood, as it was resolved to write to the CB,, request- ing him to use his utmost endeavours to induce the Government to comply with the request." A modest one, truly 1 The idea of the Prince being condemned to arrive in Melbourne via the Williamstown Railway, and have his Royal nostrils assailed with the invigorating stocks from the manure depot of. Hotham and the bone-mills of Flemington, and his first impressions of Victorian scenery fated to be visions of the back premises and outhouses of the denizens of the dismal swamp, is worthy of the brains of men reared amongst seagulls and graving docks. No ; rather than such a melancholy event should come to pass, let him come up theYarrainhisown jolly- boat,andonbisland- ing at the wharf we will horse his captain's gig. I suppose, Sir, that you, like all editors, wield a powerful pen, something like the one I enclose, a holder for which cannot be purchased at any stationer's in Melbourne. Please do a little "wield," or we shall come to woe, and try to stop the little game. The visit of the Prince is not a political affair. It will only be a " party" matter at Toorak, and I hope to meet you at the ball. Yours, in a perspiration. THE GHOST OF TOM CRINGLE. 