T0WJV TALK AND TABLE CHAT. For a long time past the ' unprotected female' population of Launceston, h passing through tho streets, have Lad to submit to the insulting remarks and comments made upon them by a set of loungers wbo have frequented tho etreet corners from dusk until past 10 o'dock each night, annarentlv with nn ml,,,,. ..j in view than the cowardly one of maki™ such gestures and remarks as to give pain and rmuoyanco to ladies and young girli, when passing along tbo public streets unaccompanied by male protectors. This practice has become so common that formal complaints were laada on th* subject to the Mayor, and he has given instructions to employ Constables in pri vate clothes for the detection of these cowardly offenders. On Sunday eveninc last Constable M'CJueen when employed on I this special duty, saw three young lads go I go up aud cross out of tbeir way to meet I two girls coming down Brisbane street.1 All that was said tbe Constable could not hear/but he did bear one of the youn? men call out—' Let tho girls alone,' and tho girls escaped from them. Shortly after he saw four ladies pass up the street accompanied by a young man, when tho trio again interfered, and one of them said — ' How are you, Jfary Ann 1' M'Queen then took tbe lad Thomas Kavanagh, who made the remark iu cus tody to tbe Police Station, when he was bailed out to appear at the Police Office next morning. He firet said ho knew tho persons he had spoken to, but on being advised in that case to call upon them to appear as witnesses in his de fence, ho said ho bad only thought he knew them. On being brought before the Police Magistrate on Monday room ing, he pleaded not guilty to tbe charge, and tbe evidence of the Constable was. then takeu. Air Gunn said as this was the first case of tbe land dealt with here if tbe defendant bad admitted the facts' and thrown himself upon tbe clftmoncy of the bench, as he was sorry to see bo respectable-looking a young man brought there, ho would most likely have released him with a reprimand, but as he chose to brazen the matter out he would fine bim ten shillings, or in default of payment sentence him to seven days' hard labor. Defendant's father paid the fine at once. We Bubjoiu, for public information, the 179th section of tbe Police Act, 1805,, under which the defendant was deilt with :— 'Every person who, in any street in any lown, to the destruction, annoyance, or danger of the residents or passengers, commits any of the following offences shall be liable to a penalty notexceediiigf 5 for each offence, or in tbe discretion of the Justice before whom he is convicled, may, be committed to any House of Correction for a period not exceeding fourteen days ; and any Constable or Police Officer may take iuto custody without warrant, aud forthwith convey before a justice any person wbo within bis view commits any such offence ; (that is to say) ' Ever}' person who uses any threaten ing, abusive, insulting words or behaviour with intent or calculated to provoke a breach of tbe peace, or whereby a breach of tbe peace may be occasioned :— Every, person wbo jostle3 or annoys any persm passing thereon ; every person wbo com mits auy nuisance; every person whw sets on or urges any dog or other animal! to attack, worry, or put in fear any person or animal ; every person wbo rides or drives furiously any horse or carriage, or drives furiously auy cattle.' Me William Gcorges.latc landlord of tbif Club Hotel, was brought up nt tbe Police* Office on Monday, charged by Mr J. F. Hobkirk, assignee to hia Insolvent estate with mutilating and concealing an account book and concealing a gold watch of tbe value of £21 Ids, with intent to defraud, his creditors, The case waa not gono into, but tbe accused was roinanded untiE 1 1 o clock this morning, when the evidence in tho case will be taken. Mrs Georges states that the account book referred to :ib a mere memorandum book kept by ha self for her own information, that it was never kept by her husband, nnd wh«n she found he had been illegally appre hended aud lodgod in gaol 6be tort the book up and threw it away, as waste paper in tho cellar where it was founoV believing sbo would bave no more use for: it. As for tbo watch she sold that to maintain herself wbilo her husband was confined in gaol. We have recaived No. 1 of HAaii Town Punch, in which the Ministerial visit to Devon forms the political cartoon. Sir Richard Dry and the Attorney-General, arrayed ia bis professional wig and gown, arc discussing the merits of a very fine Devon bull, on the head of which is the well-known ' phiz' of the representative o( Devon. — Sir II. D-y — ' I had no iJei lie was such a fine beast until I esw him stripped, and so quiet too.' The Attorney General—' Quiet, ch I just pive him «? little chaff, and see what he'lt do.' Toby, who accompanies the deputation, seems to enjoy the Ministerial joke heartily. PuruA adds the following remarks antnl his car toon ; — ' We learn upon the authority of the Mercutf/t that Ministers hnve bren in specting the Devon— not Devon mind, or the County of Devon, but 'tfte' Devon. We, at. the Drat, supposed it was the district of that name which was being inspected. -nt the ' M put us right ; yes, Ministers h.«- been impeding UM Devon bnll— flEdyonerftto kind in the colony. Tbtafine animal, ot whom we Rive an mnrtwtion as be appeared during the ipMtion, ia known by tbe name ot Jack, ?KS. fmilkrly ; Quicker Jack,' from bis piayrat dmposition. He is usually iTiwaciable disposition, bat has a marked 'Lrlfon to that article known as the fnTeen'.English,' which he tears to irag n7nts whenever he encounters it. As ' I be will run in the Parliamentary WeierVe during the winter months j but as zZen\ people have expressed their anxiety S inspect him before he gets bis winter *t be wi» »-B exhibited, by permission, in S! Domain, on the Queen's Birth-day «n which occasion he will be adorned with the decorations conferred upon him by our iarions Agricultural Societies, as well as the commission for bis purchase, (ent out r, Her Meiesty ibe Queen gome few years 2\. bearing the signature of tbe Head Biiiifl. for thia Part of Her MaJeBty'8 dominions.' The other illustrations are very good, ihoaeb as usual rather roughly sketched. Puiuh's sensational romance, ' The Lpver, tbeSpectre, and the Creaking Gibbet' is eontinuea.and to be continued It is a I,ie ora much higher order and far more fewiblethan 'KinB Rum Turn'* Ghost,' which bas been printed in a local oontem Dorary. Mr. Pandit special corresppndent C favored him with some important items of news by lunar telegraph to the 1st Aoril end by Atlantic telegraph from New York to the same date. This beats the lateBt telegraphic news vid Suez hollow, and may tend to the settlement of the vexeu postal conference question, by making Hobart Town, instead of Melbourne or Sydney the port of arrival and departure ol future mails between these colonies and 'Europe. Mr. Perlesscman X. describes, in his usual haj.py and graphic style, a case in the small debts jurisdiction, ' bunder hour no debtors' laws ?' ' A. B. Jones and U. B. Tonkin wos tbe beaks who tridc tbe cos:'— Tires tbe ftj-raus Opting Dirlei, Which on ' Mercury' dm thrive, Wot hoi polling Tummus Tutton t a bU ov Four Pound Ore. Tutton 1« teaprlntendsnt Of Monlssljilo perlocsc, flg' Id Elohmond dm Is dooly, Pottodlos gouts & pigs 4 goose. Wlca t e»r --'i Ighly promi hov Tlio tnoUramptiraiiso bor it ulf, 4ltlilnttli»Hapeelcr E'«2linroclbUl-lIuurC Fnitov»U e rated objrelnlitiiu ' 2 (he iiiuiuni wot wos tent, B&f; log to A. B., ' yore sumum Woin't quite 0. K., old gent '.' Then Imp rote bowld C»ptlas Davics, jBS' set c, ' ore od tire fltng-, Bat yule find *a little lernlog II a verry dalnjrus tiling .' 'Hlf the trnnuns woin't leagle. Then u Ehud are -'.opt -»;, Bat uvo scUnld orl objwkshuos Biojwrin lieer 2 day.' Tbeat rcmarx of Capita; Davics Wo, concurd hln bl tho beak, Boo K-veaily repiirimanded Tnmmus Tattoo 4 Is oheak. We are glad to 6nd that Mr. Ptindt has also secured the services ol Mrs. Fartington on his etafl. We have also received No 2 of ' Fun or the Tasmanian Charivari.' This witty periodical is well illustrated Its political cartoon favors tbe public with a. full length portrait of the Honorable Member for Devon sitting in his study, just aa he appeared when admiringly reading over his now celebrated circular, which we published with some necessary comments in our issue of the Chronic'e of the 13th instant 'Charivari' says, ' the document it will bo observed, was penned a few hours after ' All Fools Day,' and though signed 'John Davies,' bears such un mistakable evidence of having been written for Fun, that we transfer it without hesitation to our columns, tliat our readers may be fully aware of the perfect knowledge of the Honorable Mem oer for Devon of all movements of Ministers, when in his district— from their first night's 'sleep at Mr Brauiage'a,' to the full extent of their journey to the Heads:— 'Tjhje corv. [Circular.] Hobart Town, April 2nd, 1867. My Deaf 6ir,— I have the pleasure to inform you that Ministers leave here on Friday night next, en route to visit the country which I have the honor to represent They have obliged me with a memorandum of their proposed movements, which will be ad lered to unless weather or unforeseen circumstances, should occasion a devia tion. Should they not arrive punctually at each place specified, it will be necessary to look out for them, as they will not be lar oft I trust that every preparation will be made to receive Ministers, and that the wants of the district will be fully put before them, so that when the Parlia ment next meets they will be better able to judge tny representations in regard to toe growing importance of the district. Ministers will sleep at ' Mr BramagcV on Monday night, and proceed to Kentish Plains on Tuesday morning next, the 9th Instant. They will come down from Kentish Plains along the line of railway, and will be at Lairobe on Tuesday after noon ; sleeping at Torquay on Tuesday night They propose to see the Don, Forth, and Leven on Wednesday; in specting all the works about the Lcven, and the proposed new line of road; sleeping at Table Cape on Thursday night. On Friday they propose to inspect the Rocky Cape River (Detention), and the land to be opened up along the new road from the Iuglis ; and on Saturday they will return to Table Cape. From this programme you will perceive that tho people will have an ample opportunity of ftreparing to meet Ministers cither going or on the return trip. I should propose that a numerous party bo at Mr Atkin son's, Latrobe, on Tuesday night, to accompany them to the Heads ; and that the Latrobe people should point out particularly the slate of tho Creek, and other malters connected with tho town ship. You will thus see that 1 have dono Ml I can to advance your interests, and it the people allow Ministers to leave with out fully understanding the wants of the district, it will be their own fault.— I am, jours faithfully, John Daviks.' Tho late of the Ministerial expedition was not Jmown to the Editor of 'Cuarivari'.when dealing with this subject, but our readers were informed of it in our last issue. Ministers met with coolness and detention *J*ny miles on this Bide of Detention niver, where a deputation from Horton ?ought them twice in vain. Sir Richard AM seen quite enough, and returned to Quamby in time for the Easter Holidays, while Mr Dobson proceeded to call upon his own aristooratic Midland constituents, leaving the poor Devouilea in a state of collapse and despondency, the more de pressing from their previous exigeant elation and buoyed up hopes. The small progress of the Ministerial deputation has been a farce throughout, and its retreat worse (ban an ordinary failure. But what other result could be expected? The wholo thing was poorly conceived, ludi crously announced, badly planned, and worse, carried not ball- way out. We place these remarks in connection with those of ' Fun,' as it would be ridiculous to deal with the Ministerial # pilgrimage to Devon and sudden retreat in a serious mood under the head 'Political.' 'Fun' contains numerous amusing articles ; amongst them — ' Gold at the Eldon Ranges,' or the Return ot tbe unsuccess ful Explorers in the Swansea Packet from Macquarie Harbour ; the ' Meeting of the Hobart Town Marine Board,' and the serious matter brought under considera tion—damage to the extent of sixpence farthing to a pile , ' Tasmanian Cham pion Races for 1868,' ' Charivari's' ship ping, &c;, &c; We prefer the wit in prose 0 the wit in verse, and select the follow ing address to wind up with ;— ' To the Electors of Hobart Town, -rYpu are aware that upon a late occasion I was elected by you to be your representative in the Ilouse of Assembly, more votes hiving been recorded in my favor than for any one of the fourteen candidates who then sought your suffrages ; you are also aware that immediately upon the assembling of Parliament when on adverse vote threw the Why te- Meredith Ministry out of office, 1 resigned my seat because the gentleman sent for by His Excellency to form a Ministry did not think fit to nominate me for the office of Colonial Treasurer, or any other having attached to it a stipend that I might consider worthy my acceptation ; in consequence of which you were privi leged to supply the vacancy caused there by with my more worthy successor, Mr, Josiah Courtney Pratt. I have now to ac quaint you that in consequence of the re moval from this colony to Victoria, of your member, Mr Byron Miller, you will be again called upon to supply a member of the Legislature to represent you. Of course there are none of you offended at the pettishncss 1 displayed in withdrawing, as I did, from the honorable position I occupied in Parliament to please my whim ; and also from among those you elected with mo to represent you. If you arc 1 do not much care, for I am sure you cannot iu Hobart Town get administra tive talent like mine to servo you, and will gladly jump to secure me again. Therefore, it suiting my humour, I have to inform you that it is my intention to re sume my seat in Parliament in June next. And I request you will all record your votes in my favor whenever the wnt is issued for the election. — Yours, &c;, W. L. C ? k. The illegal modes of robbing the rivers of fish, herring in particular, still con tinues ; and unless the Government up point some members of the Police force to pay special attention to this portion of their dnty,— the protection of the fish,— the rivers must Boon be depopulated of the delicious fish with which they have hitherto abounded. We understand that on Good Friday last every illegal mode of taking fish known was practised at the shutes leading to the Cataract Mill ; from tho net to sticking them with table forks ns they floundered along the shutes, and even tlioso which escaped through the shutes were taken by the net or other means under the mill wheel. The law provides a remedy for all this, and we are surprised that some devoted disciple of the good Tzaak Walton does not appear at the Police-office in tho character of an avenger, and lay informations against these wholesale destroyers of fish. Thomas Goldimo, alias Arthur Porter, absconded from the House of Correction on Sunday last, the 21st instant. After an exciting chase he was captured on the Cataract Hill by overseer Folcy. Golding or Porter was tried at Her Majesty's Gao on Monday, for the above offence, and sentenced by the visiting Magistrates to three months, in addition to his oxisting sentence of fifteen months, imprisonment, Yesterday, St George's Day, was also the anniversary of Shakespeare's birth and death ; for singular to say, the Bard of Avon died on the anniversary of his birthday. It was also on the 23rd of April, 1SG1, that poor Burke, tho ex plorer, wrote his last despatch from Cooper's Creek. Mr R, Byron Miller, late Attorney General of Tasmania, has removed to Melbourne, and been admitted to the bar of Victoria. Tho Egmont Bridge, near Westbury, will be closed up for three weeks, from and after to- morrow, to enable workmen to effect necessary repxirs to it. A now diver announced by Mr Chequers the Town Crier, yesterday, as Antonio Perigalli, leaped off the Soulh Esk Bridge into the river several times. In his ex ploration of the bed of the river, lie met with the remains of a team of bullocks and dray, which were swept down the Cataract at the last great flood. Some months ago several boxes of Belmont sperm candles were stolen from the stores of Messrs. Lewis Cohen & Co,, and all hope of tracing them was given up; but last week Mr. Propsting, Cbie District Constable of Sclby, discovered tbe greater portion of tho stolen goods 'planted' in a gin case in the bush. Some of the candles were damaged by exposure and rough usage in removal to the bush, but about 70 lbs. were returned iu good condition. The thief or thieves have not yet been discovered. The steamer Derwent berthed along side Thompson's wharf yesterdny, for the purpose of taking in bark from tbe stores there. According to the Bendif/o [mkpendenU Mr AurnBtall, recently killed by tho bite of a cobra, was formerly proprietor of tho Sydcnham Gardens, near Sandhurst, and resided at the White-hills. Twelve months' ago, in consequence of the deli cate state of his health, he took a voyage to India- He had taken up his quarters at Tankard's Temperance Hotel, prepara tory to returning to his wife and children, who still reside at the Wbite-hilli. ? We understand that th» Very Rev. Dean Hayes, of Sandhurst, Victoria, will accompany tbe Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne, to Europe, Information reached Tamworth that the cart containing the lion and leopard, which have very lately been exhibited in Armidale, met with a capsize at Carlisle's Gully, and that in the full the box in which the lion was confined became broken, and the beast got loose. Our informant tolls us that, beyond destroying a few sheep, no further injury was done, bnt that it was deemed necessary, as a precaution, to shoot the animaL— Tele- graph. 