SEPTEMBER IN AUSTRALIA. By Henry Kendall. Grey winter hath gone like a wearisome guest, And, bobnld, for repayment September comes in with the wind of tho West, And tho soring in her raiment. Tho ways of tho frost havo been fdled of tho flowers While tho forest discovers Wild wings with the halo of hyaline hours And a music of lovers. September 1 the maid with the swift silver feet ! She glides and sho graces The valleys of coolness, tho slopcB of the heat, With her blossomy traces. Sweet month with a mouth that is mado of a roso — Sho lightens and lingers In Bpota where tho harp of tbo evening glows, Attuned by her fingers. The stream from its homo in tho hollow hill slips In a darling old fashion : And tho day gooth down with a song on its lips, Whoso keynoto is passion. Fur out in tho fierce bitter front of the sea, I stand and remember Dead things that wero brothers and sisters of thee, . Resplendent Scptcmbor I The West when it blows at tho fall of the noon, And beats on tho beachos. Is filled with a tender and tremulous tuno That touches and teaches; Tho stories of youth ; of tho burdon of time ; And tho death of devotion, ' Gomo back with tho wind ; and aro thora'es of the rhyme ' In tho waves of tho ocean. Wo, having a secret to othors unknown, In tho cool mountain-mosses May whisper together, September, alono Of our loves and our losses. Ono word for her beauty, and ono for the grace She gave to' tbo hours, And then wo may kiss her and suffer her face To sleep with tho flowers. High places that knew of tho gald and tho white On tho forehead of morning, Now darken and quake, and the steps of the night Aro heavy with warning ! Her voice in tho distanco is lofty and loud, Throughthe echoing gorges, She hath hidden her eyes in a mantis of cloud And ber feet in the surges. On the tops of tho hills— on tho turrctcd cones-- Chief temples of thunder !— Tho galo like a ghost in the middlo watch moans, Gliding over and under. 'I ho sea flying whito through tho rack and the rain, Lcapoth wild at the forelands ; And tho plover whoso cry is like passion with pain Complains in the moorlands. O season of changes— of shadow and shine- September the splendid! My song hath no music to minglo with thine, And its burden is ended: But thou, being born of the winds and the sun, By mountain, by river, . May lighten and listen, and loiter, and run, With thy voices, for ever. 