THK OPERA. There was a respectable attendance at the Victoria Theatre on Friday evening, although the icuse was by no means full There can be no loubt, however, that they who were present .uuiuu^iujf cujujcu iMiisiui » jscimramiue, as iresented by Mr. Lyster's company. It would ; ivourably compare with the manner in whicb it vas performed last season. The cast was the tame— Madame Escott, Miss Georgina Hodson, Mr. Beaumont, Mr. De Haga, and Mr. Kitts :aking the principal business amongst them. In presenting an opera like ' Seminmide,' which is n an eminent degree epectacular, depending for ts proper effect a greal deal on scenic decorations, stage space, and the number of performers. Mr. Lyster's company were, of coarse, at a great iisadvantage. 1'he facilities afforded at the Victoria for rendering such an opera are far loo limited. The staje is miserably small, aad tlie scei. ery only *o-so. The Babylonian temple was something remarkable in its way. But beat in;.' in mind the difficulties which Mr. Lyster fiia t ) contend with, criticism on this part of the buMucbS must be mildly exercised. 'Ihe opera was sung and acted not only respectable, but with it high order of excellence. Miss Hodson as Ajkioc was worthy of all praise. Her part was a very arduous one, involving a large amount of physical exertion, but she was fully equal to it* Her singing was excellent, and her acting showed a thorough conception of the character. From her first appearance on the stage she never faltered for a moment, and in the closing scene she rose above herself. She has wonderful facial expres sion, and she exhibited an amount of passion both in her singing aud acting which thorougldy stirred the audience, and st cured for herself quite an ovation, which was not confined to the gods in the gallery. Madame Escott acted the imperious and guilty Queeti with great effect, and sJie rendered tho diilkult music which fe 1 to her part with taste and expression. The grand duet, 'Giomod'Orrore,' between her and Miss Hodson was the gem of the evening. '1 heir voices blended perfectly, and the audience could hardly wait till its conclusion to testify their applause. Mr. A. lieamont as Idreno had not much to do, but he did it with line taste and feeling, and his mellifluous voice has rarely been heard to greater advautage. Mr. DeHaga made a fair As.sur, though at first he was tame and c ild, but h'i warmed up as the opera went on. He much requires to throw more soul into his sinking. His voice is a powerful one, and it ought to produce a greater effect than it sometimes docs. Mr. Kitts was great hi the s icerdotal line, being a fine burly priest, and he sang with considerable effect. Mr. Sutcliffe ai L'Unibra-ansr/tce, ghost of Ninus— looked ghastly enough fur a real spectre, and he sang his story with a becoming sepulchral voice. The choruses were given with steadiness under the skilful conducting of Mr. Fred. Lyster, and the bund was effective from the magnificent opening rhnrn-j till ihn rinse. The nrinciual netformera were several times caiiea ueiore me curtain, ana received the usual bouquet appreciation of their services. A grand ballet divertissement, by the Leopold family, given to about a fourth of the audience, concluded the performance. To-night the company will perform Wallace's favourite optra 'Maritana,' when there will doubtless be a laiRe attendauce. 