Sates and SEEING IS BELIEVING. CHAPTER I. THE SPECTRE. It was, I think, in the second or third week in February, 1S32, that the events occurred I am about to narrate. The clay had been oppressively hot, and as the evening drew on there were indications of an approaching thunderstorm. A pressing engagement ren dered it necessary that I should be at Gume racha that night, or early on the following morning; but on account of the heat I had ; delayed starting from Adelaide till late in the afternoon. Consequently by the time I had reached the sandy scrub which lies between ' Paradise Bridge and the foot of Anstey's Hill, the sun was within an hour or so of setting. It was here that I was surprised by the ap pearance of a man on horseback, standing motionless near a huge gum- tree, about ISO yards before me. I had just before pulled up my mare to a walking pace, and my thoughts spontaneously reverted to a subject which had engaged my attentionfor several weeks previously, namely, the reality or otherwise of spectral appear ances, and the phenomena connected with animal magnetism, mesmerism, electro-bio logy, clairvoyance, table-turning, spirit ma nifestations, &c.; An intimate friend named Blackmail, who is a firm believer hi the super natural, had urgently requested me to read the Zodst, the Spiritual Magazine, and some other similar publications. I promised to do so, and kept my word. At first I was annoyed with what I regarded as the impu dent assertions and inconclusive reasonings of the writers ; hut as I advanced in my new studies my aversion passed off, and I at length became quite fascinated with the books I at first, and without a fair and candid examina tion, denounced. The horse and his rider to which I have referred were stationed a few yards to the right of the road, motionless and silent as if they were of bronze. Both were " black as the frown of night," and the horseman held out his right hand, in which was a black flag. As I approached, I ventured to scrutinize the features of the rider. But, oh! that face was cadaverous, death-like, ghastly, with large black holes, " where eyes did once inhabit," and with long parallel white teeth grinning horribly between the shrivelled lips. As the spectre glared upon me, I was just about to shout aloud, when my attention was arrested by the rapid approach of a horseman along a beaten track to the left. On looking round I was glad to recognise in liim a friend and neighbour, whom I shall call Sir. Walter White, for the obvious reason that I do not know of any one by that name. " Good evening," be exclaimed, as he ap proached. " How are you ? where are you going ? and how are all at home ?" Mr. White, I should state, is a medical man He is fond of expressing his ideas in terse, laconic, pithy, and abrupt sentences. His memory is well stored with old saws and expressive aphorisms, and when in thehumour he loses no opportunity of introducing them into his ordinary discourse. When he reads this he will 1 am sure excuse me for thus minutely referring to bispeculiaridiosyncrasy. In reply to his salutation I made an effort to imitate his style by exclaiming, "Good ditto ; hearty ; Gumeracha • quite welL" But I added in an undertone, after a pause, " seeing is believing." And 1 pointed with my riding-whip in the direction in which I had seen the mysterious vision. " Where ? what ? who S" exclaimed White, as he reined up liis horse and looked in the opposite direction. "Look you there,"' I replied, notto voce. "Look yonder, and say if seeing is not be lieving." " And look you there," he said, pointing to the ground in advance of us. "Look, see, mark, behold. Our shadows lengthen as our nun declines. Trmpw fngit. Quick march. Prestissimo. Time and tide wait for no man. Look." I saw that our shadows were indeed "long drawn outbut I repeated, " Look there. Behold that phantasm, that hideous spectre, and deny if you can that "seeing is be lieving." And now, for the first time since White overtook me, I ventured to look myself in the direction of the dreaded sight, when, to my further astonishment, it was gone ! The place ■where it had appeared was flooded with the crimson glory of the declining sun. White now fairly and as I thought 1'atlier rudely laughed aloud at what he was pleased to term my " superstitious credulity," and began to use some pleasant badinage by way (I suppose) of dispelling the gloom which had begun to spread over my mind. About five minutes' more riding brought us to the foot of the hills, in ascending which it became necessary for considerable distances to walk our horses. This gave us an oppor tunity of discussing my favourite subject— the certainty of supernatural appearances. I informed White of the precise appearance of the vision I had witnessed, and referred to the universality of the belief in tlie superna tural in proof that such belief must he founded upon a substratum of truth. _ I quoted some of the best authenticated in stances of the kind in ancient and modern history, and the affirmative opinions of emi nent writers in support of my views. I main tained that the researches and disclosures of the spiritists afforded accumulative evidence which to my mind was conclusive as to the possibility of an open intercourse being main tained with the inhabitants of thespmt-land. I even asserted that such intercourse was ^ much more frequent than was generally ad mitted in this age of scepticism and hard matter of fact. i My travelling companion heard what I had to sa3'- patiently and respectfully, and then poured out upon me such a torrent of eloquent argumentation as left me no room for reply. He spoke of the deceptio visas, explained the distinction between limpitude, scotomy, and myopia, and referred to the Fata Morgana, and the ignis falaus as illustrative of the illu sory character of many of the phenomena of nature. He explained the peculiar optical effects caused by strabism, nictitation, pres byopia, and other organic peculiarities, and stoutly maintained that in thousands of in- i stances appearances were deceptive. Seeing, he affirmed, was not believing. The sun did , not set; and the phenomenon of the horizontal moon was a mental, not an optical deception. The earth was not an extended plane, the stars were not points of light, the mirage bad no actual existence, gold was not yellow, j silver was not white, nor grass green. Colour was not a property of material bodies, and j apart from the gravitation of the earth they j were without weight. "And," he continued, "if the senses deceive us, still less^ can we depend upon the deductions of the intellect. Assuming that the organs of sensation trans- j mit correct impressions to the brain and thence to the mind, our knowledge of the occult causes of things ' which, operate un seen, save by tbeir effects,' is little better than mere conjecture. Depend upon it, our j researches into the origin, essences, connec tions, and dependencies of things are fruitless, and our knowledge of the laws by wbicli the wonderfully complex mechanism of the uni verse is governed is m&iitesimally; small- i My friend concluded by affirming that he had ! given some consideration to the pretensions | of modern spiritists, and he had come to the | conclusion that they were a set of despicable 1 charlatans, quacks, and impostors. I was silenced, hut not convinced. But we had now arrived at the top of the ranges, ] and as the road was comparatively level we ur^ed on our horses with a tclik, tehk, tchk, and in ten minutes arrived at the very pretty township of Houghton. CHAPTER II.—REAPPEARANCES. If the reader has ever been at Houghton, he will remember it as a very pleasant, pic turesque village, nestled in the hollow of the surrounding bills at tbe junction of several roads. On arriving at the Travellers' Rest | Inn, Mr. White stated that he would be de tained some time in tbe village. He had j previously informed me that his destination I was near Malcolm's Flat; and as the weather ! was threatening, and (as the novelists say) , night had begun to draw its sable curtain over tbe recumbent earth, it was arranged that I should ride steadily forward until he should overtake me. I assented to this the more readily in consideration that White's spirited horse was more than a match for my jogtrot mare. When, therefore, we had re freshed ourselves with a goblet each, of what Host Pearce informed us was McEwin's choicest Shiraz, I proceeded on my journey alone. The road for some distance winds upward, and then turns rather abruptly to the left. It now follows the hrow of the hill j for about a furlong, and subsequently descends | in a circuitous direction to the bottom of a | ravine where a streamlet of never-failing water runs babbling and rippling along. Here what is known as dollop's Bridge is situated, ; and I well remember that when I had arrived at this spot, the gorgeous splendours of the western heavens had faded, and the gigantic forest trees, bathed in the silvery light of the risen moon, were beginning to throw their fantastic shadows over the outstretched land scape. The scenery was charming. A sort of wild yet calm and silent enchantment seemed to reign around, and the atmosphere was redolent of perfume. I was exhilarated and even fascinated with those charming and ever- changing prospeets which render travel- 1 ling m the hills by moonlight so thoroughly enjovalile. Every bend and turn of the road j presented some new beauty, and as I rode slowly along I felt with Dr. Johnson's Obidah, the son of Abensina, that " every sense was gratified and all care was banished from my heart." . , At length, however, I began to feel surprise that my friend White had not overtaken me, j and I was deliberating as to whether I hadnot better push on alone, when on rounding a rather abrupt turn of the road I observed a horseman in tbe distance approaching to meet me. I am not superstitious nor excitable ; I am not even imaginative, and certainly not nervous. You might discharge a musket behind me and I should not be startled. But I confess that 1 felt something of a cold damp ] chill creeping over me as the horseman ap- . proached, and I recognised in him the same black phantasm that T had seen on the plains. There were the same attitude, the same . ghastly features, the same lipless jaws, and j I the same eyeless sockets as before. And, as ; if to assure me of its objective reality, tbe j ' equestrian goblin as be passed by distinctly j uttered in a long-drawn hissing sound, as if in mockery, my own express words to White —" Seeing is believing." That the apparition was not a mere pro jection of my own thoughts I was quite cer tain. I could not doubt its reality at the time, and I do not doubt it now. The reader may be disposed to sneer at my credulity, but neither ridicule nor argument will ever convince me that the " grizzly terror" had not an existence apart from my own imagi- . nings. I scarcely know why it was, but" I did not attempt to reply to its singular greeting. I had nothing to say; I was awed rather than terrified, and 1 believe that! also experienced an interior, deep-seated sense of gratification, on account of my affirmative opinions respecting supernatural appearances being tbus so singularly and unexpectedly ! confirmed. Shortly after this second visit of the spectre, White overtook me. I related to him the occurrence, but be was if possible i more sceptical tkan before, and completely confounded me with the simple statement i that, had the supposed horseman been any thing more than the offspring of my own de- I ranged imagination, he must have met liim At that part of the road 'escape was impos sible. " Depend upon it," he exclaimed, "in all such cases 'Our eyes are made the fools o' the other senses.' " " Or else," I added, "worth all the rest." We had just passed through the great Breakneck Hill cutting, and on our arrival | at Millbrook we again halted for about 10 minutes at the inn. Mine Host Tippitt sup plied us with a glass of sherry and a cigar j each, and directed the ostler to give our horses also some drink. A slight shower fell j whilst we were there, and when we were : again in the saddle we observed that the | lurid thunderclouds were rolling along the western heavens. Tbe atmosphere was still close and warm, the lightnings flashed ever I and anon through the opening clonds, and tbe echoing thunder muttered in rumbling solemn tones of tbe tempest's onward march. We resolved, therefore, to push on without further delay. During the first mile or so we scarcely exchanged half a dozen words. When, however, we were within a quarter of a mile of the Morning Star Inn, near the branch road leading to Cudlee Creek, ray tra velling companion commenced to repeat his Shaksperian quotation, "Our eyes are made the " when he suddenly checked himself, and in a subdued tone ejaculated, " Look ! look '. see '. behold !" And there was reason for it. The phantom was again in advance of us. As on the first occasion it was motion less, and in exactly the same attitude as then. The moonlight played full upon its hideous, ghastly face, so that its identity could not bo doubted. It was now my philosophizing friend's turn to be alarmed; and, judging from bis evident reluctance to advance, be must, as be afterwards acknowledged, have felt no inconsiderable amount of trepidation. We, however, approached in close company the spot where the mysterious visitant stood, when, incredible as it may seem, the spectre, in hollow sepulchral tones, repeated the sen tence used by White 10 minutes previously— "Our eyes are made the fools o'the other senses;" and then, as it seemed to me, there was a strange pause of some 20 seconds or so, during which every sound was hushed and every object was invisible. Then followed a kind of hollow booming sound, resembling the echo of a subterranean cavern, at which our horses started suddenly forward, and by the time we could pull them up we had ar rived at the Morniug Star Inn, Chain of Ponds. Just beyond this our roads diverged; , that of White branching off to the left and mine lying straight forward. We therefore alighted at the inn and took our parting glass. Ten minutes later 1 was pursuing myjouruey. alone. When, however, I had reached about* half-way to the bridge over the Torrens I I was overtaken by a German equestrian, who ■ accosted me in broken English, and in treniu ! lous tones informed me that he also had seen a ghost, " wid bote hiins eyes and nose ar»l : mout uottin hut de bones." His mind was evidently ill at ease, and yet he assured me he was not at all terrified. He, however, continued by affirming that if he met him again he would "shoot hims I prains out," "for," hecontiuued, "him vos [ vim plaek as de teifel; plack as de teifel; 1 shoot hiui; shoot hiins brains outand | having with these reiterated ejaculations evi , dently eased his Teutonic mind of a leaden | burden we rode on in silence. The undulations and inequalities of the road rendered caution necessary, whilst the mutterings of the frowning thunderclouds warned us not to linger on the way. We accordingly pushed on as fast as we prudently could, till we had arrived within a mile or so of the end of my journey. Here the road is | fenced in on the right hand, and on the left there is an open small 2'iece of unenclosed land, sloping towards the Torrens, having a number of ancient and decaying forest-trees standing here and there upon it. At this place the now dreaded spectre once more appeared, immovable as a rock, black as ebony, grim and yet shadowy as a yawning tomb. It was at least 200 yards ahead when we first saw it. My stolid companion gave a faint and suppressed exclamation of sur prise, and then, as if by prearrangement, we approached the spot at a walking pace and in close company without exchanging a word. This gave us each an opportunity of identifying the apparition with what we had previously witnessed. That it was the same we could not doubt, hut we were equally po sitive, that it had not and could not have passed us ou the road since we last saw it. Our surprise was very great, but this feel ing was intensified sevenfold when on passing the detested spectre we heard it accost us in a doleful yet distinct voice with my companion's exact words "ix'hoot hims prains out; shoot hiins prains out. Him vun plack as de teifel, plack, plack, plack as de teifeL" I scarcely know what were the feelings of the German, but I confess for myself that— "Soon as I beard that deep ih tested name, A shudder-fig tremor crept o'er all my frame." And though the reader may think we were chicken-hearted, truth compels me to confess I that we did not reply to the spirit's salutation, | but pushed ahead as rapidly as possible with out speaking or venturing to look back, till a turn in the road concealed from view the spot where stood that horrid visitant from i the regions of the unseen. ! We arrived at the Kenton Lm at about 9 o'clock, and in less than an hour I retired for the night, weary in mind and body, morose, irritable, and gloomy, yet inwardly glad that my peculiar opinions had been so j fully confirmed, and that I had now an un answerable reply to the arguments of the sceptical in the simple aphorism, "Seeing is : beleevxxg." i ■ CHAPTER in.—APPEXDIX. 1 The above account was written at the special request of my friends Blackman and White, both of whom were anxious that a i record of the events it narrates should lie J preserved. Blackman even got a dozen copies transcribed for the perusal of his friends, and I suspect he sent one also to the Zoeist for publication. About a fortnight Later than this I received a note from White, stating that my narrative was incomplete in one im portant particular, and that he would do him self the pleasure of calling upon me in the evening to point out its defect. He came as he had promised, and I was congratulating him upon his conversion to my views respect^ ing supernatural appearances, when he in formed me that he had brought with bim an additional evidence of the truth of my fa vourite maxim "seeing is bclievinw" He then placed a small packet upon the table and requested me to open it. I did so, but to my surprise and annoyance I found it con tained nothing but a few pieces of a tobacco pipe, a paper containing some white powder, three or four bits of black pasteboard, and some odd pieces of steel wire. "Walter," I said, peevishly, "what does this mean? You forget that the 1st of April has not yet arrived." "David," he replied, "I assure yon that I was never more serious in my life. But I see yon do not recognise an old acquaintance." He then took a small portion of the powder and rubbed it over his face, adjusted the pieces of tobacco-pipe to his lips, and the bits of pasteboard to his spectacles, ami, placing himself in a theatrical attitude, he exclaimed in a hoarse, drawling tone, "Shoot hims prains out. Him vun pluck, plack, plack as de teifeL" Here, then, was an explanation of the whole affair. I felt the burning blush of shame spreading over my face, and I quite expected that White would now pour upon me a tor rent of bitter sarcasm. But he was merciful. He explained that he had witnessed with deep regret iny infatuation in listening to the miserable drivellings of the spiritists, and that he had resolved at any personal incon venience to rescue me from their influence, and thereby possibly save me from actual insanity. He reminded me of a former con versation, which he said had convinced him that ill my estimation sorcery and marie ranked with the fine arts, necromancers and mesmerisers were profound philosophers, and their cabalistic utterances were impreg nated with wisdom just to the extent that they were unintelligible. He therefore, in concert with his brother-in-law (a gentleman whom I know well), contrived the plot of alternately impersonating the "horrid spectre," whom I had in my narrative so freely abused. His brother-in-law, though a native of the north of England, and withal of a florid complexion, was the "cadaverous" featured phantasm I had seen on the pining the "mysterious visitant" I had beheld near the Morning Star Inn, and the stolid German, whose broken English I hail such difficulty in understanding. Mr. White also explained that he himself impersonated the spectre on the second aud fourth occasions, and assured me that he and liis relative met at Houghton and at two other places on the journey to compare notes and arrange their plans. The black flag that had played its part in the drama was nothing but an old black neckerchief fastened to a riding-whip and unfurled as required. The "hollow' booming sound" which announced the descent of tde grizzly terror'' to its siibterraiieri.il home was produced by a detonating powder prepared by himself, and the spectre's obe dient horse was made to stand perfectly quiet by a simple contrivance attached to the bridle by which a covering was made to fall over the eyes. I thanked White for the trouble he had taken on my behalf and for his explanation, though I fear I did not do so with half t' e cordiality I should have done. 1 xvas chagrined and annoyed at the thought of my own ridiculous credulity, and I could not' conceal my mortification. Yet in the course of tune the singular artifice that had been practised upon me produced precisely the anticipated results. I have long ceased to dabble in the black arts ; and though I can harilly agree with my friend White in opinion that the modern spiritists are without exception no better than scamps, cheats, and impostors, I feci confident that their writings will never procure for me apartments in tfie establishment ever which Dr. Harrison so lately presided, for I intend never to read another page of their pernicious works. j Double D. 