A FINAL LETTER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. I SIR-It would be ungracious in me to allow " Churchman's" latter to pass by unnoticed. Your correspondent exhibits so much good feeling, and throughout writes with such evident sincerity, that he will not, I hope, take it unkindly of me if I express my heartfelt regret in the very words used by St. Augustine in a similar case to his, " that such a man should be cut off and secluded from the Catholic Church, which, as has been declared by the Holy Ghost, is spread river the whole world," love orbs of funding or that he should fail to perceive that there can be for all Christ's flock here below, any other than " one fold and one shepherd." Churchman," as I understand him, wishes to claim for the Church of England the position of sister, and even elder sister, to the world-wide church in communion with the See of Peter. Now this theory of branch, churches or sister churches as independent portions of the one holy Catholic Church of the Creed cannot for one moment on our principles he entertained j by us. It has been utterly and unanimously scouted by all our the ologies. Were we to enter then on this point, we should infallibly get to endless cross-purposes. And Comp ant milles, is the cry of all our schools. If there be a church at all, say they it must be one, and before the church Catholic of all nations and ages from the days of Christ to the end of the world. Rather let us examine the relevance of the statements which "Churchman" puts forward to prove that the Anglican Church of to-day is a direct and lineal continuation of the first church planted in Britain as early, in his opinion, as somewhat previous to A.D. 62\. He says, " the Roman Catholic church claims to be the first instructor in Britain, but it was not so," and in support of what he advanced quotes from Brogdon'a Catholic Safeguards. To this I answer that we have no authentic evidence of the establishment of a church in Britain before A.D. 170. There can be no doubt (soon Lingard's History of England, chap. 1, under the hoad,Iiitrodiicti*nofChristiaiiity),thatowing to the intercourse between Imperial Homo and Britain there were numbers of christians in the island long before the latter date. But the pass cases adduced by writers on the Anglican side from Clement, Jerome, and Chrysostom neither assert that St. Paul founded the church in Britain, nor that such church was independent. (Seo Watorworth's England and Rome, chapter 2.) That, however, she received her faith and church from Rome we know on the most undoubted authority. Von. Bede tolls in how " Lucius, King of the Britons, sent a letter to him (Pope Elouthorius) entreating him that by his command he might be made a christian," and how the request was acceded to (the.); Lucius thus becoming the first christian king in Europe The same is recorded in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, at the year 167, in con- action with Elouthorius's elevation to the chair of Peter. But what makes conclusion certainty on the point is that in their conference with St. Augustine of Canterbury they defended their peculiar observances by the authority of the holy Pope Elouthorius, their first founder" (Gotcolinus in Hist Man. of xxii. Harn. then, we have seen bishops of that church which Augustine on his landing in England found already in the island acknowledging their origin from Rome. But we have further proof that in common with the other churches of the west they acknowledged the primacy of the Bishop of Rome. There were present at the Council of Aries three British bishops, who together with the Gallic bishops subscribed a document that puts this beyond doubt. (See large extracts from it in Waterworth, pp. 133 and 134.) They afterwards, as every student of ecclesiastical history will remember, became tainted with Polagiuniuin, from which, however, as "Von. Bodo tolls, they wore purified by Bishops Gormarais and Lupus, sent over for that purpose from Gaul. Then came the Saxon Conquest, and the remnants of the ancient British church were driven into a corner of the island. Error and idolatry once more overran the land; and it is well known how the sight of the Anglo-Saxon slaves he had met with in the market- place at Rome, and who should he thought he called non Anglo sod Angeli, so deeply impressed the heart of Gregory the Great that on his assumption to the pontificate, be Home St. Augustine and his companions to re evangelize England. To Augustine the Pope subjected not only the now bishops of his own creation, but " all the bishops of Britain as well. (Bude 127.) That Augustine found them one in faith with himself and the universal church is evident from the fact that he wished their co-operation in re christianising the whole island, and from there being no point of difference between them except on three matters that were merely disciplinary. From Augustine's time down to Cran mer's, no Bishop or Archbishop was canonically instituted without the consent and sanction of the Pope, and without due obedience being promised and sworn to him as to Jesus Christ's Vicar on earth. It was then that England severed herself from the rest of Christendom, and the body which had been a portion of the universal church in England became the independent Church of England. This is the Anglican Church I spoke of, as Barely not claiming to be the church of all times and places, the church of the 39 articles, which neither in doctrine nor in practice agrees with the church of that of their Anglo-Saxon forefathers, or that of their predecessors in the faith, the later Britons. There is but. one body-that whose hierarchy was re-established 16 years ago, by the same authority that Bent Fugatius and Damage to King Lucius in the 2nd century, and Augustine to Ethelbert at the close of the 6th-that could attempt to set up such a claim, and that body does agree in faith and practice with the Church in England of olden days. " Church- man," then, must bear with me if, so far from standing corrected by him I again repeat that " surely the few millions of the Anglican Church cannot claim theirs to be the Church of all times and all ages. I remain, Sir, Your obedient servant, ' A CATHOLIC. P.S In painful contrast to "Churchman's" letter, there appeared, immediately preceding it, another communication, which I shall not characterize as it deserves for fear of losing my self-respect, and insulting the Church which numbers its ages by the score and its children at the present day by ten score of millions, by defending her from the charges which in the noontide light of the nineteenth century one would have hoped had been long since relegated to the limbo of exploded fallacies and fanatical fancies. All I shall do then, is to report upon the writer, more in pity than in wrath, his own charitable excuse for myself. and ascribe his rather intemperate statements, " which must be seriously offensive to the faith and feelings of many families (sec Mr. Storie's letter) who daily receive The Jtciyury"-" to the good faith of ignorance." Reminding him at the same time that in his own words, statements such as he has made in his letter-" by very many disliked as offensive by many known to be the opposite of fact, ought not to be rashly advanced, and certainly not in a newspaper read in all our houses." [To save correspondents trouble, we renew our former statement that with the insertion of this letter the matter must end as far as we are concerned. No other letters on the subject will be attended tossed. M.] Du. TuiiNiiuLL ix REPLY TO THE Bishop or TAS NAVIA. This is the substance of a pamphlet, entitled " Presbytorial Ordination v. the Apostolical Succession lately issued by Dr. Turnbull, of Campbell Town, and extending to sixteen pages. It was delivered on the 28th April, at the ordination of Mr. James Gibson, of Belle Vue, as a ruling elder of the Presbyterian Church of Campbell Town. The address throughout is controversial and those are the S oints Dr. Turnbull attempts to prove against Bishop Bromby theory of Apostolical Succession 1st. That the apostles could not have successors. 2nd. That, whilst the apostles were yet alive, the ordinary government or overseership of the church, and the authority to ordain, were vested in the presbytery. 3rd. That it has not been proved that at, or before the death of the apostles, the ordinary government of the church was transferred from the order-of the presbytery to a higher order. 4th. That there has ever been an abiding testimony in the church, that at the first, that is, during the first two centuries, there was no permanent order of church governors, above the order of presbyters, that is to say, no order having ability to do anything in the church, which presbytery could not do. From Dr. Turnbull's stand-point, the positions he takes up are well argued, but controversies on such topics are seldom fruitful of good results. The pamphlet is well printed, and will probably meet with many readers among the members of Dr. Turnbull's own communion. It could hardly have been intended for general circulation". We should have acknowledged it earlier, but by some means or other, it got mislaid. OYSTER FISHERIES. During the oyster season of last year a fisherman, named William Whitehouse, discovered some extensive beds of oysters in the Carlton River, a stream which discharges itself into Frederick Henry Bay, within the boundaries of the municipal district of Sorell. It is well ascertained on the authority of old residents of the neighbourhood that these deposits had not been worked for a period of 26 years, but Whitehouse obtained large quantities of fish from them, being at the same time careful, to restore to the beds such as were too young for legitimate capture. The body were found to be thickly coated over with mussels, weeds, and marine refuse, all of which are known to exercise an unfavorable influence upon the propaga- tion and development of oysters; and the dredging operations of last year had the effect of removing in a great measure these encumbrances, and by that means conferring unquestionable benefit upon the fisheries. Whitehouse revisited the locality a short time since, and found that owing to the cause just stated the supply of fish was considerably more abundant than it had been last season, but whilst he was endeavouring to take advantage of this circumstance he received a warning from a member of the Sorell police force, to the effect that he would not be permitted to dredge for oysters inside the municipal boundaries without having previously obtained a license in that behalf, from the local Municipal Council. The man though already possessed of a general fishing license, issued by the authority of the central government, under the provisions of the Act, 17 Vic. No. 16 sec., 7 made no objection to complying with the condition pointed out to him, and accordingly proceeded to the Council Chamber for the purpose of of arming himself with the alleged requisite document, but upon making his application for it, he was informed that no such licenses could be issued inasmuch as the Council had not promulgated bye-laws as in con- template! in the Act 22 Vic, No. 10 sec. 2 clause 3. Under these circumstances the police or the Municipal Council appear to have possessed no right whatever, to obstruct Whitehouse in the prosecution of his legitimate avocation, but he either from being doubtful on this point, or unwilling to bring himself into conflict with persons in authority, desisted from his fishing operations. It is certainly undesirable in a community like that of Tasmania where openings for the exercise of industry and enterprise are far too rare at the best, that any "dog in the manger policy such as is here indicated should be permitted to multiply impediments in the way of one of the hardiest and most persevering sections of the working population. It is no excuse to urge in a case of this kind that a constable may have overstepped his duty through ignorance, for it is one of the first duties of municipalities to see that officials appointed by them are competent for the work entrusted to them for performance, and if rural councils will not take the trouble of framing the bye-laws requisite to entitle them to the revenues conditionally conferred 1 upon them, they must be content to put up with the loss instead of illegally harassing industrious men. CORONATION DAY. Yesterday being the 29th anniversary of the coronation of Her Majesty, a royal salute of 21 guns was fired in honor of the event from the Queen's battery, in the domain, by a detachment of the S.T. volunteer Artillery. The Royal Standard was displayed from the flag-staff in the Prince of Wales battery throughout the day. ST. GEORGE'S PAROChiAL ASSOCIATION.-Aroading was given last evening at the St. George's School- room before the members of the Parochial Association. The audience, considering the unfavourable state of the weather, was rather numerous. ELOCUTIONARY COMPETITION, Last evening the annual competion for a silver medal and other prizes, by members of the elocution classes at the Hobart Town Academy took place in the presence of the friends of the pupils. The programme comprised recitations by thirty one younggoiitlomon, attending the day or evening classes of Mr. Cairnduff, the Principal. The prizes were contested for by the reading of prose and poetry, there being thirteen candidates. Mr. C. S. Cansdell, Mr. Josiah Pratt, M. H.A and the Rev. Joshua Smith officiated as adjudicators, who awarded the silver medal to Master McLean, and two book prizes to Messrs Sharp and Jolley. Each of the adjudicators took part in the presentation of the prizes, and made suitable remarks. The entertainment gave much satisfaction. Votes of thanks were tendered to the judges, and cheers were given for the Principal. HOBART TOWN PUNCH. We have received a copy of the above periodical for the current week, and are glad to find it produced in a fair spirit and free from vulgarisms or course personalities. We trust to be able to say the same of many future numbers. SPECIAL SEIIVICUB.-A special service will be held to-morrow evening, at the Wesleyan Church, Melville-street, when the Rev. E. W. Nye will preach. Services will also be hold every evening during the winter. THE HORIZONTAL. BAIN-The proprietor of the Floral Skating Hall, Bathurst- street, has provided a horizontal bar for the use of visitors to his establishment. The bar is placed at the south end of the hull, and on several evenings numerous persons have availed themselves of the same for practice. Burns!, THE Exi'LoitEii.-Six years ago yesterday, in the prime of and vigor of a more than ordinarily robust manhood, Richard O'Hara Burke, the leader of the first exploring expedition which succeeded in crossing the Australian continent, died of sheer starvation in a mile mm, composed of gum tree boughs, on the margin of Cooper's Creek. All the resources and all the enterprises of the most flourishing and energetic possession of Great Britain could not then convoy succour to the man who was the object of anxious solicitude to every settler within its territory ; but in six years all this has been changed. From the very spot upon which Burke breathed his lost, there was driven to the Melbourne market some months since a herd or " mob," in bush phraseology, of the finest fat cattle which had been seen there for a considerable time previously, and since, then, as we learn from Victorian journals, the country not merely up to the creek, but far be yond it has been converted into a permanent and most valuable pastoral settlement. Huts and fences have been, and are being erected on every hand, and day by day the pioneers of civilisation are push- ing the outposts of the army of labor further into the vast solitudes of the unknown interior. At such a rate is it that the people beyond Bass's Straits are fulfilling their mission of making history, When will Tasmania be able to do likewise P i 