MALDON. from our own correspondent.! Police Court. Friday, September 6. (Before the P.M., and J. Lawrence, Esq., J.P.) Debts.— -North Eaglehawk Co. v M'Kenzie, for calls, £2 10s. Mr Reynolds appeared for plaintiffs. |Thos. B. Davidson, secretary; pro duced deed of association, with defendant's signa- said to attend pork suppers. The weight of un digested food in the stomach is readily attributed to some external cause ; fancy combines all her ideas of the horrible, and represents a monster seated on onr chest, or ready to crush us with some great weight. That this want of co-opera tion in the faculties is the cause of some of the most curious phenomena of dreams is evident from many well-authenticated facts. Dr Beattie speaks of a man who could be made to dream anything by whispering in his ear. Dr Gregory relates of himself that, having once occasion to apply a bottle of hot water to his feet when he retired to bed, he dreamed that he was ascending the side of Mount Etna, and that he found the heat of the ground almost insufferable. Persons who have had a blister applied to their heads have been known to dream of being scalped by a party of North American Indians. Such are some of the well-known phenomena of dreams, i but there are others even vet more startling.— Cassell's Family Paper. How to Know Gold.— When a miner finds a piece of bright yellow metallic substance, re sembling gold in his opinion, let him lay it upon a piece of iron or steel, the handle of a crowbar or the face of his sledge, for instance, and with a hammer strike it a smart blow. If it breaks to pieces, it is not gold ; but if it flattens with out breaking, it has stood the first test ; it is malleable. Let him then apply the edge of his knife to the sidb of the metal, and if he can cut it as he can cut a piece off the rim of a silver coin, but rather more easily, and the piece cut off does not crumble, it has stood the second test ; it is sectile. Let him then drop a small quantity of nitric acid upon the metal ; if it is base, the surface will in a few seconds turn green, and small bubbles of gas will begin to rise through the liquid, but if it is real gold, the acid will have no more effect than so much water, and it has stood the third test, and its character may be considered as established. ture attached thereto, also certificate of registra tion, signed by Clerk of Court of Mines at Maldon. The present call was made 1st of j August, payable on or before the 16th, of 2s per ; share, defendant holding 25. Defendant pleaded that according to a previous ruling of this Court I in the same Co. v Whitesides, the call was not legally made, inasmuch as the Act required the written consent of three-fourths of the share- i holders in number and value to the registration, : which had not been lodged with the Clerk of : the Court of Mines. The Bench allowed the plea and dismissed the summons, defendant not requiring costs. Two Italians were fined in the mitigated sum of Is each aud 5s costs for cutting wood without a license, defendants having since the service of the summonses taken out licenses. Dreamland. — The power which in our waking moments is employed in correcting the reports of the various senses by comparing them with one another, in examining the evidence of all the impressions made on the mind, and testing them by the analogy of its past experience, appears in sleep to be, in most cases, totally suspended. If, for instance, an impression is made on any one of the senes, the fancy immediately connects it with some cause which has produced the sensa tion before, or has been considered likely to do so. This is the philosophy of the ghost which is 