We publish - in soother coIdiqd a eommary of the n' imioal statistics of th« colony of Victoria for the past year, and tbej are chiefly noticeable baoauie thej direotiy contradiot the statements made by the supporters «i Mr G. P. Smith's Bill to amend the Winss and Spirit* Statnte. Altogather. the results are verj satiefactoij. We -were told that erime was frightfully on the increns, and thsasMrtioa found ready credence amongst many vho were quite prepared to beliere n-hetever they were told. We were told eipecially that drunkenntM had been tremendoniiy ontheincresae; but, aitoniihing to say, we find the opposite of this to have been the case; and we find generally that crime has decreased in all those departments— if we may be allowed the term—in whioh the use of fermented snd spirituous iiquore can be said to have influence. With an increase of population, snd a positive—not a mere relative—deorease of crime, there ie surely no great cause for alarm. It is true there was a slight increase in such offences as forgery, horse-stealing and embezzlement; but neither of these crimes have any close connection with as over-indulgence in wines and spirits, and we hare the gratifying fact that the arrests for drunkenness in 1866 were nearly a thousand trader those for 1865. It will be seen also that in other respects it is evident that increased facilities for procuring drink has not induced a corresponding increase in crime. It was elated by the Royal Commissioners that one great evil of tlie pieeent law was that women were afforded facililitieB for procuring drink, whioh they would not otherwise have had, and that there hsd bssn a large increase io erime of the worst character, in consequence. We kave searched is rain through the evidence upon which the report was founded for any justification of this report; and we now March equally in vain through the criminal statistics for any such justification. Turning to the the number of prostitutes arrested in 1866 we find it less than in I8b5; and we also find that tie committals for lunacy in the former year were fewer than in the latter. It may be that the statistics are altogether at fault, and that the Koyal Commissioners had means of arriving at a more eonect knowledge of the EOCIBI condition of the country than the Begistrar-General However this may, the fact still remains, that, aB as a relative reeord, the returns for 1866 show a vast improvement upon those for 1865. There is certainly great-room for improvement in the compilation of these statistics. We pointed out, soma months ago, where this improrement could be aade, and we are glad to find the Argus now adopting our views. Our contemporary says :—"There is the same maES oi crude figures relating to thr stereotyped subjects, without the faintest attempt to furnish any information relatJTs to the true character of our criminal population. The public are Jtft to make what use they please of the figures with which they are furnished, and to arrive at a right or wrong conclusion just as it may happen. The number of arrests, discharges, commitments, and convrction are carefully tabulated; but nothing is stated relative to the number ol those arrested whe have been previously convicted, and are "known criminals. We have so information as to the proportion which the recognised conriot element bears to the total number of those who, -during the year, have become amenable to ofiendrd laws, nothing : from which any opinion can be formed as to the character of newly-arrived immigrants, whether they have been troublesome to the police or not,-and nothing- which will assist the statistician in determining whether any, and what amount of crime can be traced to poverty and distress. On all these highly important subject* the police authorities should be able to afford most important information, but from ignorance, indolence, or carelessness, or perhaps from the three combined, they maintain a masterly reticence. Let us hope these defects will be •emedi«d before the next returns are published." A nugget was found, a short time ago, weighing 60oz, by a party working 2 or 3 miles south ol Taradaie, and we hear waa Bold at Melbourne. The precise locality is not known— but since the waterworks have been part suspended through the inclemency of the weather, several miner's right's have been taken oat, and the Tatadale goldfields have begun to chow a little more activity. The nugget is the largest that baa ever been found in the district. There is no mining news of interest this week from Blackwood. ISIuciers and quartz reefers are busily engaged, eome with good prospects before them, others hoping to Btnke good stone. On the whole Blackwood ig very dall at present, bnt we hope shortly to record a decided improvement: . Notwithstanding the cold and wet. of the past few days, the crops in the vefghborbooif^t Biddells Creek look>emarkably ihealthy, owing, no doubt,' to the favourable ploughing season, and to die early aowiug . which seems general here; aii'd although vrhea* haa becn at such iraremtmenative prices this year, thereisno diminution in the quantity of ihat cereal sown. We understand that the caseiof tile Queen wreus flen^ 'Brown. in'whidi the defendant was chaigcd -with a crimihsl__.aiasault upon a was t'> liava been heard .it liie Melbourne Criminal Sittings, yesterday, was postponed till the next fessions. This is ,-v ere.it hardship to the defendant, all of whose witnesses had been taken to .Melbourne at considerable'expense. The whole affair, in fact, looks like a determination to ruin tlic parents of the boy charged with the commission nf the offence. The expenses already have amounted to a very considerable sum. and they are now to lie increased by a postptiiiunienc ; whilst the charge is one which can never be substantiated, unless a jury of madmen, or idiot-*, could- by some means, ho got together The 'faradate Express ur^es up;,n its readers tlio great importance to be attached to the search for quartz reefs, not only bscause they are pro- Stable and permanent, but because they are, as a rule, accompanied by alluvial deposits, both of which occupations would find many followers in the vicinity if a combined and systematic test ehould result in the discovery of one or the other. We have had (says our contemporary) several intimation of the " colour " having been seen by parties working upon the aqueduct— proof that, in the ranges beyond there trust exist auriferous reefs that have hitherto totally escaped notice. Co-operative companies are generally successful, and in the present depressed state of die miuing interest, it might be a useful movement were a few of the more patriotic and wealthy residents amongst us to take the iniative in this matter. ' We blow that in one speculation in this locality, where plenty of capital has been brought to bear, a clear profit of ^upwards of j6l,400- has --been lately made within three months; and we are also informed that a nugget weiug 57<>z has been obtained near Tdrada'e quite recently. The valuable plant of the Cambrian Company is being removed from this district, and that of the Lady Darling Company it is also reported will be taken elsewhere, because, hitherto, those companies have met with but partial success. It is a pity that such should be the case without a trial being made, in either case, of the co- operative system. Two fires are reported by the Taradale Express :—On Wednesday, a fire broke out in the premises occupied by "a miner named Strachan, near the Tarsdale claim. The men ate working upon tribute, and, while he waa at work, the whale was destroyed, together with all the effects. It consisted oniy of a wooden hut. What adds most to his misfortune is, that the savings he had accumulated amounting to about j£l2, were in the hut, and lost. The store on the water-works called ''Vincent's Store," was destroyed by fiie which occurred between Wednesday nigbt si.d Thursday morning; the whole property was destroyed. The particulars of its occurrence are involved in mystery at present. Witii reference to the latter, we find the following insolvency gazetted :— George Vincent, of Taradale, storekeeper. Causes of itisojveitt'y—Loss of stockin-trade, furuituri, wearing apj arel, aud general effects by a fire at Taradale, and losses in trade by bail debts. Liabilities, £176 10s; assets, £41 10s. Mr fl. S. Shaw, official .vsiguee. In the neighbourhood ul iiocLford during the last week (says a Lancefield contemporary) the inhabitants have beeu cousniuably frightened by what some, the supers tit ieuslj inclined, call a Ghost, and others a Babo.<n. However, the animal, or whatever it is, seems to be invulnerable so far as lead is cunc-.-ruvd, as seven or eight shots have been tired at him by marksmen, who consider themselves very good ones, within easy shouting distance. He has beeu several times seen in Mr Musty's paddock, laying violent hands upon the sheep, several ot whicU he has has killed, bnt has always mauagad to make his escape unhuit. His last exploit was on Tuesday eight, when he entered a but, the duor being open, advanced to the fire ai>d warmed his hands, to the infinite Urror of the wonderstricken inmates. " He then decamped," says -our informant, " without ever paying a word." No wonder that he did not speak, for, from the description given, it appears that he is a baboon and has probably escaped from the Zoological Gardens- - The quarterly general meeting of the Achilles Clarence Hotel, Elizabeth-street, Mr C. J. Claridge, in the chair. The iirectors reported that in consequenes of the neglect of many of the shareholders to pay up the special and other calls, they had, from want of lunds, been compelled to snspend the progress of the works, merely employing such laborers as were requisite to keep the engine, pumps, etc., iu order, and the mine free from water. Active operations could be resumed at any moment. With a view of preventing a total stoppage of the works, and to meet pressing liabilities, a mortgage of L514, due in December, had been effected. The directors suggested that in order to establish the company, the shareholders in arrears should, as might he considered most advisable, be proceeded against, or the shares ordered for forfeiture, and that if the latter course were adopted, a contribution of a shilling a share, in two instalments, should be made, to enable them to clear off liabilities, sink No. 5 shaft to the depth of 25!) feet, leaving a balance of about L50 for other purposes. The balance sheet for the quarter showed mining revenue amounting to L174 12s lid ; unpaid calls, L606 18s 3d ; liabilities. I>1,081 16s 6d ; and stated the general expenditure for the quarter at L745 9s 3d : the sum of L66 3s 2d existed as cash in hand, f he reports were adopted. The General Wyndhatn and the North Wyndham Gold-mining Companies, Lauriston.--An extraordinary meeting of these companies was held at the office, Bourke-street west, on Friday. The object of the meeting was to frame a resolution for the amalgamation of the companies. Mr James M'Connell presided. The companies were respectively represented by the following shareholders : Messrs D F O'Connor., M Healy. C Young, W Boyd, G W Johnston and Eussell. A resolution was unanimously adopted authorising the amalgamation of the companies into a company, to be styled "The Wyndham United Goid-miningCompany," when registered.' The meeting then separated. 