RELIGIOUS AND SOCIAL SYMPTOMS. Tho question raised at recent conferences regard ing the position occupied by our religious institu tions in relation to the working classes, is attracting a large amount of attention. The agitation of ., the question has already, to a considerable extent, broken the spell which bound the churches and the artisan class, in all the great cities, and prevented them from coining into friendly contact. It is 'now quite clear that working men may be drawn into, churches-, to 'Listen to Christian truth, if be set before them, so; as to come in contact with their own thoughts arid feelings. As an illustration of.the: good results which' may be expected from the agita tion of the subject, we take the following frdin the Leicester ? Chronicle :.— Last Sunday, afternoon ? a crowded^ congregation, .composed almost .entirely; of worMtig: men, 'gathered in' Gallowgate Chapel, to hear the first ? of ; the Esvi J. ;A. Picton's lectures on the 'Religious 'Aspects of ;the ; Re-' form Question.' The great - majority, of .the assemblage appeared to consist- of non-attend-. auts on. public worship. The subject selected was ' True Radicalism.' The rev. gentleman ex plained that Radicalism professed, to strike at the root of evils and abuses, and showed how Chris tianity struck at the root of the evil which cursed the world. The mixed audience listened attentively t9 the address, which was clear, convincing, and elo quent. A short prayer was offered by the rev. gen tleman at the commencement, and Milton's hymn, ' The Lord will come and not' be slow,' was most ' heartily sung after the lecture. Mr Picton, in thank- ing tho working men for attending, expressed a hope that sectarianism would no longer operate to pre vent the working-classes attending the ministrations of religion, and the sentiment elicited an earnest and spontaneous ' Hear, hear,' from numbers of - the congregation. From a speech of a. city missionary we l.ear.n tliat the London costermongers have most peculiar notion.3 of religion and religious people. - Invite them .to a place of worship,; ..and /they, will stare at you with stupid wonder. v, 'Why, Sir, you know it's nothing , in. my. line;, .it don't dp for the Wees' on, us, you know.' ; yTell' them .that the Gospel of Jesus Christ is intended for them,; as well as the rich, and they will reply, ' Well,' Sir, I ain'tan educated person, but I knows, wots- wot, and I knows that God never intended costermongers io be religious ; why, don't yer see, it couldn't be done, no, not if Old Nick was to become a coster.' . 'Why,': says a costermonger to a city missionary one day, ' why, I've heerd you only get a quid (a sovereign) a week for going wisiting, reading and such loike, now. why don't yertuivn yer hand to a barrow,' and spekerlate a bit; not as tho' there ain't too many already in the trade, still I can turn. over three quid. Lor bless yer, I don't want yer sitivation, I wouldn't 'ave it at no. price ; why, I should have to say to my eld donkey, Sling your hook, put. all my cowcumbers out to' wlriegar,' and send the; missus and b.ibbies to the workhouse, .telling.. 'em to- pray for me.;- On course, Sir, if it'll put anything in your pocket,., I ; don't inind 'bliging- yer by coming one, evening to,; yer meeting; bat mind yer, I don't doit -for nuffink. Bis'Jlias'i^Uisnias, .my/ bisiniss is costering, yourn pi'aaohing.!': '?.-?.:.?.; .':;'..??.:::??? ..-. . '..;.:v.-: i ?..;??'*. ?-;:.?-,? The .Westminster Gazette .enlavgos on the 'iax-j {idrtance of ithe.i: flew . -mission which John Henry Newman . has undertaken at G)xf prcL - It is twenty years; since this ^remarkable man left that great University,' where he wielded a moral and spiritual power, which ha3 never been equalled, and joined the : Oliurchof Rome, r He is now, by the advice of his bishop, :and:.with the sanction of Rome, going back. We have not the smallest doabt that his mission will ile a successful Pile, The sti'auge fascination which he once exercised has not yet left him. Numbers who will ilock to him. from curiosity,! will become attached, first to his person, and afterwards to his doctrine, autl we should riot be ^at all surprised if a kind df staaijiede froni Oxford to Rome were to take ? place as the consequence of 'Father Newman's' mission.' '':.,.''.'.'?' : ; - ' ; '? ,';.'? : ?'' At the usual-, 'weekly lecture at Surrey Chapel, Lord Sliaftsbury,; who presided; in the; course of his ' remarks .'said':' 'The Church/ of, England :i8; not a principle, but' only an 'instrument. ? - If : it^dpos' not stand.upfor tHe.Refbrinationi1 a'a abulwark'betweeri ! us and Popery, I 'say le't;tliyGiiurcli:,W'!6ii§lihd!:^b.; But iliopp better things.' ,:i^'.'; '?'',''*// v'''1''.;''' '?' ;'''[''' Dean Stanley has- struct, the i true notc,.b@j;u'Vs to ritual, and, as to' dogma. ''; Preacliing in ,'tlie Chapel lloyai,.Whitehali, from , St. .John's Gospel,' iv., 24, ' ' Gofl is a spirit, they 'that, worship him must wor Bhip in . spirit,. and ,;in' truth,'', iie said, search the Gospels i througli for .guidauce, as to tlio particular ritual to bo followed',, and wo. should find paly the.' tws evaugelicnl rubrics laid, down in the text, that worship must be ' '. in spirit arid in truth.' Defining worship , y in spirit,' he spoke of it as being the sacrifice- pf our common lives in acts of kindness, in all times and places, 'rather, than anything done in church, whatever the outward form of worship .might' bo. Worship without forms, he acknowledged, might bo far less spiritual than worship with them. Heavy and earth-bound as our spirits were, they re quired aid to rouse them ; and, therefore, beautiful buildings, music nnl forms of prayer, outward and mechanical as they were in themselves, inight be cojio, because they were organs of tho Divine Spirit, speaking through countless instruments to every variety of human spirit, as truly spiritual as even the most unsightly building, arid the most unadorned. Neither form nor absenco of form, neither beauty nor deformity, availed, anything in worship — only that,, whatever it might be, which drew our spirits up to God. Only, : let it be borne in mind, it must bu spirit, and not form. The moral and spiritual must bo abovo the formal; the inward above tho outward. With reference to the introduction of now forms, unless they had a meaning for those for whom they wore intended, they were absolutely worso tha-a useless. The form was good for nothing without the spirit; the spirit might be even without the form. Enlarging on worship 'in truth,' the Dean said that no truth, ; from whatever quarter, ought to be unwelcome, because truth was the essen tial condition of the worship of God, whose spirit was the spirit of truth. The age was full of fictions, sometimes lawful ; of concealments, sometimes necessary ; of frauds and ' pious frauds,' and of falsehoods, which were neither pious, necessary nor lawful ; but in tho house of Gocf at least there ought to be sincerity and truthfulness. There wo could shako oil' tho fancies and imaginations which pre vented us seeing things as they roally are, and 'see ourselves as others see us.' Our Lord's most eleamly reiterated warning was directed, against hypocrisy, the acting of a part, the assuming of a character and position ; and th-s was a sin to which we were tempted, especially in worship, because it was difficult to keep our earth-bound thoughts on a level with the forms of our devotion ; but truth was still to be found at the bottom, a well Pfr water springing up, to eternal life. .i ::..?. The state df^lenomiriational representation in the House of Commons, is worth rioting. According to the recently published ' Essays' on Reform;' . there are but 8± Dissenters, including' the Irish Roman Catholics; in the House of' Coihmoni.; These last ' constitute nearly one-half the ' total, : ?arid are 40 in number; and there 'are ?-i2': English 'Romari Catholics1, 13 Independents, 12 ' 'Unitarians; 5 Jews, 4 Quakers, 3 United :PresV: byteriahs, 2 Free Churchmen, and ? 1 N each of Baptists. Wcsleyans, and English Presbyterians.' The residue of English Churchmen amounts to 574, or. nearly seven times as many as all the Dissentera put together, ' and about fourteen times as numerous as the members belonging to Protestant sects. The education question is prominent again, and the religious difficulty along with it. ' Never,' says the Freeman, 'since the great agitation which drove into eb3cure comers the dread of the : schoolmaster, never since the first triumphant establishment of British ' schools with- their - shadow the national schools, has there been so important a crisis in the cause as now. The conviction is ripening into action, that the pro'- ?' vision for universal edncation must be 'compulsory, and thftt education itself must be compulsory as a; condition of State patronage or protection of any kind, if not beyond this. In. whatever mariner,' t6- whatever extent the State is paterfamilias -to the child, whether from poverty, crime; ^inability, or : casualty, to the same extent'it is bound' to; educate. But then comes the, contention as to the character of ? the teaching, whether it shall be purely secular, or in clude; religion, atid if the latter, by whom to be taught. ' The tendency of public opinion at, present' is -to move on in spite of this difficulty. To '. let these; be' ' encountered arid adjusted by local authorities, but: . at all events to have education provided 'at public : expense. A quarter of a century of experience has', served to quench the cry of ' better no education - than education without .religion,' a -cry well-riiean- : ing; ? ? but quite beside the ' mark. The Christian'! ; church will take care of the inculcation of religion : if it is allowed free action. ; The community should take care that all its; members are provided' with the ' means of elementary instruction. , Less .than this is '?' dereliction of duty to. the country. If 'patriotism .will5' do its own -work, doubtless organised Christianity' will do its own work, even more honestly arid frilly^, The necessity for farther efforts is admitted by '?; the'1 new municipal societies springing up in the centres' of social power, e.g., Manchester, and Birmingham, the language of whoso promoters is, ' Well, 'diffi? culty or no; difficulty, sacred or secular, we will have education universal.' , ' ',' ' '?'.'; ; ''' ?' ;;V ':';J ''??- A curious story is told of Garibaldi.', T On' l^s.re-j cent arrival at Verona, a countrywoman arid her hus- 1 band presented to the hero, of, paprera',a newf limn/ chiltl, with the; request i that,; lie; would baptise '.'itV Garibaldi forthwith perf ormed'-, the Jcerempny iri^ the ' following tei.'ms '-^'' I; baptise. thee! in' the name of , ' Godiand of the lawgiver Christ. ', ' Be yirtuousV'de-;; fend! the weak, and fight against tyrants. LoVe thy fellows, and render thyself worthy, .sf the name,' I giye;tlieeT— Chiossi.' The name is that of a cblariell' killed in. the last campaign in .the Tyrol. , ; ,,.? ''1! ,: .The Church Neios publishes the form in : which,' as it:says, the Princess Dagmar-so piously renounced-; the distinctive tenets of Lutheranism. After ex pressing' her belief in the seven sacraments, transub stantiation, and the adoration of pictures and pray- ers to the saints, her Royal Highness :was .made to say : — ' I believe and confess that the Foundation- head and Supreme Pastor and Bishop of the Holy Greco-Russian Church is pur Lord Jesus Christ ; and that from Him all Bishops, Pastors -and- Tea- chera are ordained ! and that the Ruler and Gover nor of the said Church is the Holy Ghost. That this. Church is the Bride of Christ, I also confess; 'and that in her is true salvation to be found, and that no «me can possibly be saved in any other except her, I' believe.' How happy the poor Princess must: have; felt as she thought of all her relatives, still groping in Lutheran darkness, far from the Holy Orthodox Church! ^ One of tke most hopeful signs for the Southera: 'States (says- the American- 'correspondent of; the: 'Freeman), isthe eagerness of the1; colored racei to , be taught.: '?- When they were io first ?'?: liberated, froin the ibondage that made it « crime for them to know how to'read, '.their first impulse was, to learn the; iriysterious art which had been hidden .from them so long. It was then J said' 'by those- who,: dia-.v believed the ability of the colored race to .- rise above the condition^ of abject, servitude, that tills f enthusiasm would bo short-lived, would soon-die, out, and that the next' generation would relapse into ignorance as gross as that' from-. which the present was awakoned by the great convulsions of civil war and political revolution. This prophecy has been happily falsified. From every part of tho South cheering assurances are ? received that the' freeclmen are as eager as ever to learn. Young and old exhibit the same enthusiasm. Boys from eight to twenty years of age walk ten and fifteen miles to school. '- It will be interesting to the friends of the ' Free dm en ' to know that, under the operation of the Universal Suffrage Bill in tho district of Colum bia, the colored jieople have for the first time gone; to the polls, and very quietly and intelligently elocted tho Radical mayor of Washington by a large majority. Abolitionists are anxiously looking for. the auspicious day when either the franchise shall be extended to the blacks tho country over, or else withdrawn from the thousands of ignorant Irishmen and Germans, who, politically, are nothing but tho. tools of designing men. The day is sure to come, and that very soon. , No paper in Jamaica was more violent in its as saults on Dr. Underbill's celebrated letter than the Jamaica Guardian. Its statements with regard to the causes of the poverty of the people, aad the absence of justice in the administration of the law, were denounced as utterly false. Yet events have proved the entire accuracy of Dr. Underbill's aver ments, and the Jamaica Guardian is itself con strained to bear witness to their truth. In a recent article on the pauperism of tho island, tho editor traces it to the impoverishment of the upper classes. When Dr. Underbill said that the planters could not give employment to tho very large class of agri cultural laborers in Jamaica, it was rank heresy. It. was loudly declared that the poverty of the people, was tho result of idleness and rascality. But forget ful of the past, tho editor of tho Jamaica Guardian now writes as follows ;— [[ The_ various grades| ojI society hang on one another. The upper depend .on the lower classes for the labor necessary to carry on their agriculture and business in .general ; the lower depend on the upper, for the most .part, for the pe cuniary remuneration for the labor they may be willing, to give. If the better-off become poorer from year to year, it takes but a very short time for the pinch to reach the poorest.' The decay of the wealthy, the : writer next affirms to be in a large measure due to reckless speculation, extravagance, the want of integrity and laziness.. 'Speaking ?generally,' he says, ' of the moneyed class, itis most unquestionably true that a process of denudation han left-it a great deal poorer than it was twenty years ago. This has necessarily affected the lower order.3. Every estate abandoned, every store closed, every bankruptcy, every hundredweight or gallon leas ex ported, has tended to the increase of our pauperism,' and has rendered pauper relief a greater difficulty.' So then, after all, Dr. Underbill was right in tracing much of the poverty of the people to the diminution of employment. The new Governor too has fur nished some vindication of Dr. Underbill's letter. Dr. Underbill had said that the taxation of the i&land; bore unfairly on the laboring classes. Sir John Peter Grant states that his Government were anxiously endeavoring to adjust taxation in such a manner that it should, not fall heavily on any one interest. ' It was shown,' he said, ' by the FiHan-. cial Secre'tary's report, that the laboring classes contributed 56 per cent, on the imports, andif there were ... any reduction, it ought to be under ^this head.' After referring to the burden of taxa tion: on various classes, he asked, 'Would it be politic to exempt .the greatest interest of all— the planting; interest? Could the Government ever holdup its head in the civilised world were they, to relieve them of their fair quota?' But while the Government of Jamaica was in the hands of the planters, ,they.tbok ;'care to secure no' end of exemp tions from . the burdens they imposed on others. Their turn is now come, and we are happy to' see. ;that!Sir;J, P.,,G;rant ?. does not: shrink from doing justice to the poor, notwithstanding the clamor', the, longfprotected planting interest has raised. 