THE DIVORCE COURT ON MARRIAGE SETTLEMENTS. [From the Horning Post, April 27.1 When the question of establishing a divorce court was discussed in Parliament, one of the main objections (irrespective of those purely theological) raised, against it was that a direct premium would be afforded to those who chose to violate their marriage vows. So long as a wedded pair lived happily together it might be presumed that neither would prove false, but if j one or both found the bond irksome, the natural tendency to inconstancy under sueh circumstances vould be considerably aggra vated by the reflection that such inconstancy offered an easy means of obtaining a dissolu tion of a union which had ceased to be har monious. Whether this objection was good or had it is unnecessary now to inquire ; it and many others were overruled, and the Court of Divorce was duly opened in Westminster Hall under the presidency of the late Sir C. Cress well. After a time, however, it was found that, although the machinery for dissolving the marriage tie was complete, the Court was powerless to provide for ihe interests of un offending individuals who were nevertheless ] prejudiced by the decrees which the Court was j compelled to pronounce. If a woman asked ' for a divorce on the ground of her husband's misconduct, it might be that her success would j reduce her to poverty, since by the dissolution j of her marriage she would lose all claim on a man who ceased to be her husband. Again, the interests of the children of the marriage j would, under a vnrietv of circumstances, he seriously jeopardized in the absence of any jurisdiction on the part of the Court in reference to the property of the husband and wife. Under these circumstances a supplementary Act was passed, which, among other amendments of the existing law, provided that in cases of dissolu- j lution of marriage the Court should be em powered in its discretion to vary the provisions of marriage settlements 'either for the benefit of the children of the marriage, or their parents.' A day or two since, the full Court was engaged in hearing an appeal against an order made by the Judge Ordinary in con formity with this st.ii utory provision, and a5 the circumstances under which the order was made were somewhat novel, and the moral pointed extremely instructive, we shall need no excuse for making them the subject of a passing comment. A clerk in the Foreign Office, named March, j married a few years since a lady much richer than himsalf. His income, which is stated to be now £260, was probably less at that time, whilst the lady possessed about .£1,500 a year in her own ri^hit. The match was decidedly a ' good ' one for Mr March, according to the standard of excellence by which sueh contracts ; are generally measured, and he was, doubtless, j envied by all his fellow-clerks for having ! drawn so valuable a prize in the matrimonial j lottery. Whesher it was a lore match or not we are unable to say, but it is possible that the personal attractions and the captivating manners cf the. Foreign -office clerk may have induced the lady to overlook any difference In ! their worldly means, and to consider Unit the I happiness of being his wife was cheanly pur- i chased by sharing with hisa her Jargcv i::c.;ri!C. ; In t-itmjr tl-.i* step, however, ir. wo^ild ►icra ] that the Isdy, or her friends, thought, it ? advisable to reduce to a Kiii::mu:n the ad- ! vantages which Mr March might hope to secure by mr.rriagc with a rich wife ; in other ! words, the lady's fortune was settled on herself. And no doubt such an arrangement had many con-iderat ions to recommend it. The wife would be. Independent of her husband's control ; the fortune would be secure, and a constant inducement w--u'd be hold out to the husbnnd to conduct himself well, since the wife would at any time have the power of stopping the supplies. iT- i- ''.- * * Possessed of independent means, she, for realms not very cliar, one day took it into her head to travel on the Continent, leaving her husband to pursue his ordinary employ ment of drafting the diplomatic correspondence curried on between Her Majesty's Government and the t-evtrni Courts of the countries she in tended to visit. Whether his time was too mush takf-n u;- in the service of his country to write to his wife, or whether she denied him the opportunity of doing so, or whether absence made her heart grow cold ; or whether — for women are changeable — she met with one who in her eyes far surpassed him for whom she once made the sacrifice of £-iviiis her hand and the temporary use of her fortune, it is impossi ble to deterniiue; but, as a mattrr of fact, phe did form a criminal intitnacv with an Italian named Paiumlw, who openly replaced Mr March, not only in the enjovment of her society, but in the participation of iser annual income of .£1,458. Mr March subsequently obiaiue.d a decree dissolving his marriage, and the court thereu'iou directed that out of the wife's income .£200 a year should be settled on a child of the marriage, and £-140 a year on Mr March. The net result of this arrange ment was that the income of the wife, who has since, married I'alumbo (who has nothing), is reduced to .£818, and that the income of the husband, inclusive of his. salary of .£2G0, is raised io £700, to which may he added the .£200 allowed to him for the maintenance of his child. Against this order the wife appealed, but appealed in vain. The technical objection that the power to provide 'either for the children or the parents ' was alternative, and could not be exercised in favor of both, was soon disposed of by the Court, and the only real question was whether, under the cir cumstances, the power was equitably exercised. It was contended, on behalf of the lady, that Mr March was not entitled to be made £410 a year richer than if he had never married : but, on the other hand, it might with stili j greater justice be urged that he was entitled i to compensation for the loss of so valuable a j wife. For our part we have no hesitation in j saving that the order made by the court was ? an equitable one. The lady thought proper j to leave her husband and child to live in adultery, it :s therefore reasonable that she should leave behind her a portion of that income which, had she remained with them, would have been contributed to their support. The ' Adelaide phe;t ' has been practising another of his vagaries, trome rapping was heard in the room of a. house in Topham-street, and afterwards a crash as of broken p1a'=-. The inhabitants rushed to th3 loom, Lut found it empty and a pane of glass broken from the inside ! Truly a mischievous ghost ! Hokace Geeeley says that the darkest day in any man's earthly career is that wherein he first fancies that there is some easier way of gaining a dollar than j by eqanxel y earning it. 