FRINGE ALFRED IN VICTORIA. '^-\\_ THE ILLUMINATIONS. Sasduukst, Wednesday, 18th December. The qaiet manner, says the Independent, in which our modest townsmen hid their trans parencies, their lamps, and even many of their gas devices until the last moment caused ns some slight uneasiness lest in tho item of illu minations we should fall short of cur more flow- ; inpr friends iu Bnllarat. However it bas most happily turned ont that our apprehensions wero altogether devoid of foundation, for tbo Bendigo people tnraed out in a stylo that re flected infinite credit and an unlimited amount of light upon tbe district. We do not attempt to disguise the fact that though several ex cellent devices wero exhibited, wo owe bnt little to gasfitters for tbo effulgence in which Sandhurst rejoiced last night. Stars, crowns, anchors, initials, anil long linos of gas jets glittered in abundance, and Queons, Princes, royal arms, and Galateas figured on in numerablo transparencies, but tbe torches, the lime lights, tho pyrotechnic displays, the candles in tho windows, and tbe myriads of Chinese lanterns carried all before them. Tbo torchlight procession was in a word tho most remarkable success we havo ever seen in Sandhurst. Nearly 1000 torch-bearers, headed by an effective band, and a number of men holding aloft beautifully variegated lamps, marched down View Place, and immediately drew every eyo from all inferior attractions. On arriving iu front of the Shamrock Hotel they baited, and bis Royal Highness, accom panied by several of his guests, aT)pearod on the balcouy, and testified bis unfeigned ap plauso by clapping bis bands in true British style. While the torch-bearers' band was ploying, and while vockots, Roman candles, and other fireworks wero being displayed, lha old fire-engine, ' The Neptuno,' which hud been transformed into a full-rigged ship, rolled by, a most unfortunate occurrence took place, and we very reluctantly make room for tbo particulars in another column. AUer . , burning a considerable length Of time, the torches were all piled up in front of the Shamrock, whore thoy blazed as a bonfire of no moan dimensions for upwards of an hour. Tbe Reserve looked really lovely, ; : long, graceful festoons of beautifully colored lamps boiDg carried from tree to ? tree ? . - tbo entire length of Pall Mall. Seve-; : ral very effective displays of fireworks wore made during tbe night, and a fine bonfire lit up- the bill in the distance. Bands per formed from eight o'clock until midnight, and a large number of porsons availed them- ! selves of that circumstance to dovote a lktle timo to terpsichorean pursuits, ? ? tor oun speciat, iiEPoiiWin.J1 ? ? Thursday .' ' In 'the midst of a season of unexampled festivity a gloom hna been thrown over the community of Sandhurst by the fatal accident ? which occurred during tho progros3 of tbo torchlight procession last evening. In Mel bourne ono little boy full a victim to tho bad passions of an unruly section of tho com munity. Hero another boy has fallen a victim to tho gross carelessness, if not tho positive wickedness,; of one man. - Tbs Chinese cracker nuisance is ono which in Mol bourne the polico havo xuit flown witb a strong band ; at the illuminations last night it was permitted to be carried . . to a reprehensible excess. Littlo boys were in tboir glory, for they wore throwing about tboiv sparkling, dangerous serpeuts ' amongst tho ladios' dresses all night. A .pro minent feature in tho torchlight procession was , tbe ship of the firo brigade, to which I made: reference yesterday. Her decks had been stocked with fireworks of all sort3, and those wore let off at different points of tbo line of route as the procession proceeded. Just ' t ? aftor passing the Shamrock, somo miscreant ? threw into the midst of tho fireworks a. bundle of crackers, which ignited tlte combustibles, and a blow- up was tho result. Tlio effect was grand, but the consequences wero terrible.. Tho boys manning tho little ship's deok wore ; got out as soon as possible, through the iudo- , - fatigable exertions and cool conragc of the captain of tbe brigade, Mr Meagber ; but oue of them was seriously havt, another hurt unto death. Tho poor lifctlo fellows were con voyed to tho hospital as soon as possible, but one of them died, after onduriug hours of bor ribls agony, at a quarter past soven ' this morning. ? Ho was tho son of Mr M'Gratb, a publican bore, and for a long period a raombor of tbo local polico force. I need hardly say that the melan choly event has evoked a deep and universal sympathy' for tbo parents of tho chilil. An inquest is to ba held to-morrow, and if it is possible I heartily hope that a punishment commensurate to the offence may be meted ont lo tho man who threw the firebrand into the magazine. But I must turn to more cheerful topics. To coin menoe, I may say that the demonstration of yesterday was one of a character uu exampled in the history of the dis trict. It was a heurty 'outpouring of a loyal spirit by tha inhabitants of a large and important district. Tho illuminations in ? the evening wero second only to those of Mel bourne, and I doubt if the toroli-light procession was second to that of tho metropolis. Iu it nearly a thousand miners took part. I wish I could write as cheerfully of the proceedings of tho day, but truth compels me to say I cannot. I don't know how it was, but tbero was a want of spontaneity about the receptions at both Latham and Watson's and Eaglehawk, which did not compare favorably witb those at tbo mines of Ballarat. This, be it understood, wan no fault of the people themsolves, who turned out iu largo crowds to welcome tho Princo in,-, overy place of importance along U12 road, but of those who bad tbo business of reception thrown on their shoulders. The places which it was arranged tbe Prince should visit were tbe same as those to which his Ex cellency the Governor was taken on tbe occasion of his first visit to Sandhurst, namely, Latham and Watson's celebrated claim on Hustler's Reef ; Koch's machine, ths Town Hall, Eaglehawk, au-l tho Catharine. Reef in Peglog Guily. When bis Excellency weDtroaml the district, Igavo .1 detailed account of tbo works at the three principal points of attraction, so that it is not necessary for me now to enter into a lengthened detail of them. In what follewg, I will, therefore, merely con fine myself to the proceedings of tbe Prince and his party in my following remarks. BeSoro I go on, I may mention that tbe day has been disgustingly hot, ana that the dust peculiar fo Sandhurst alone has permeated the frame of every man who has been exposed to it daring the day. To tho Prince it must bave been peculiarly annoying, because during his drive numbers of enthusiastic, wall meaning ' ? . - ' people persisted in riding in front of bis carriage. His Royal Highness left the Sham, rock,, outside which watch and ward had been ' kept by the volunteers during the whole of tbe night, shortly after ten this morning, and proceeded to tho claim of Messrs Latliiun aacj . .v-^-$-.' .. ?-??-.? ... :. ... ??.. _.-,~v.;V Watson, on Hustler's Reef. Hero nu arch had been erectcd-nTlhe entrance to tho works, arid tho^g- was assembled 'a largo number of ladies ,£nd quite a perplexing crowd of tlie sterner sex. Since my last visit to the claim I find that two Chilian wbcoh have been added to Iho machinery. Through these the qnartz tailings are passed after they have gone through tho stampers and ripploa ef tho machine. Afterwards the process takes tho stuff through a cylinder, out of which it comes ready for the final processes of washing and retorting. On his arrival, which is announced byja baud, known as Hallcs's, striking np'/'God Save tho Qneen,' tho Princo is taken round tho crushing plant, and shown a cake of gold which has just been retortod, and is accordingly rod hot, 325 oz_ in weight. It looks very enticing to evon a rich man, but my inquiries fail to discover how many tons of qnartz have been crushed to got it. On this point the proprietors of the claim are as close as they are on others. After this, tbo Princo retires to the offices, and from thoro emerges di-ossod as a miner, and ready io uudorgo all the perils ef a descent into a shaft nearly fivo hundrod feet deep. He is taken to tho brace, and from it is quickly borne to the bottom undor the escort of Mr Gray, tho underground manager of the works. After him follow a largo crowd of persons of all degrees and stations, amongst -whom are tho representatives of the Melbourne press. Individually how I got down will always be a mystery to me. I know I took a last fond look of daylight as the cage descended, ond,then I shut iny eyes, and waited patiently for 'tho finish. It came after a bit, and I was landed safely enough at the commencement of a drive, which was illuminated with candles, and which seemed to stretch into the bowels of tho earth for on interminable distance. Fol lowing a number of gentlemen who have pre coded me, I go along drives and drives till I come to a deep hole, down which I am in-: vitod to go on a ladder. I go down numberless steps at a very slow rato, because of the orowdB who lire before me, and then I reach another level, which I am told is 500 foot below tho surface. Hero there are moro terraces of pillars, and walls of slab, and hero I again proceed through now de sorted workings to a place where thoro is another cage ready to take down passengers who want to get nearer Hades than they are at present. I am pulpy with perspiration, half doad with fatiguo, but as tho ride is easy, I consent to proceed. Down here at the lowest level (550 feet) I find the Prince and his suite. The illustrious, visitor is hard at work punching out quartz, and looks vory much as if ho likes it. A very short stay hero, and we are away again to tho upper region, and on tho four hundred feot levelin a chamber which has been formed in working tho cap of tho second reef, and tuo dimensions of which look positively grand after a traverse of drives along which it is nocossary to proceed in a stooinng position. Here a table has been laid out with somo champagne and glasses on it, and hero the Prince indulges in tho luxury of a glass of wino, and is presented by the proprietors of the claim with a vcryprctty littlo box of specimens. These contain samples of gold, of iron pyrites, and tho other minerals to be found in the quartz on tho lower levels on Bondigo. They ave enclosed in a box containing more than eightoeen Borts of colonial wood, vory prettily put together by Mr Hetborington. Tho Prince expresses his thanks for tho present, and then returns to the surface, where, as at Ballavat, a photograph is taken of him and his followers. After once more resuming his ordinary garments, the Prince left, en route for Koch's machine, in Long Gnlly. Before leaving this part of my description, I must say just ouo little ward in acknowledgment of the courtesy exhibited to wards myself and the other representatives of tho press, by Mr Lowis, the general manager of tbo works. It was of a character to be re membered, becauso on this claim at least it was rare. On the way we had an opportunity of seeing the claims on tho finest reef iu tho district, tho Victoria. These, from Biller stedt's to tho northern extremity, were adorned with flags, a.nd otherwise decorated. _ This lino i5 filuioiis, because of the reception givon on his fi'-st visit to the district to Sir Honry Barkly, by Mr Balleratedt. Ho out of his own pocket fitted up his mine like a fairy abode, and gave his vice-regal visitor a really royal reception. But those were days in which rich men were not afraid of spending their money, and, besides, Mr Ballerstedt was, and lam glad to say is, a man of an exceptionally libe ral mind. For -tho credit of the dis tvict, I am almost inclined to wish that Iho reception of the Prince at tho mines had been entrusted to tho samo hands. From tho Victoria Reef to Long Gully is but a short drive, and after passing through the township a halt was mado at Koch's machine. This comprises twelve batteries of four stampers, driven by two engines of 50 and 25 horso-powor. For tho reception, three small cannon had beou planted on a heap of tailings, and from those a royal salute was fired as tho already dust-stained, and, I have no doubt, weary travelers came in sight. They were mado at the Victoria Foundry, and havo beon proved to bo thoroughly reliable. The en trance to tho works was adorned with a very pretty arch, surmounted by an anchor in flowers, and a flag, boaring tho arms of the Duke of Edinburgh. This machine is only engaged in crushing for tho public. Its ap pliances are so complete that quartz is brought to it from all parts of the district to bo reduced. Tho quantity of quartz put through in a week varies from 600 to 700 tons, and I believe the machine is kept in full work. On tho present occasion tho works are crowded by miners from the surrounding mines, and others who are there on business. On a platform at one end of tho structure which covers tho machinery, thero is iissombled a largo number of ladies. Tho manager of these works is Mr Barker, and ho kindly conducts us round tho batteries, and explains to those who want explanation the various processes by which the gold is got at. On the Prince's arrival he is shown round the works, and every effort is mado to make a practical iniuer of him. He sees the amalgam as it comes first from tho ripple3, and ho follows it through all its stages till it comes eut ready for tho hands of tho assayer. There is moro champagne after all this business is gone through, and thon a start is mado for Eagle hawk. Passing through California Gully, the Windmill Hill, tho American and Johnson's Eeefs avo soon splendid in a gay show of flags. The houses at tho crossing aro variously decorated. Tho remainder oJ the distance is quickly traversed, and Eaglehawk comes quickly in sight. Around the Town Hall thoro is a large crowd of people, and just before it is reaohed, a triumphal arch, with no special pretensions to beauty, is erected. At the Town Hall itself the difference between tho two councils culminates ; and altogether a very pretty kettlo of fish is the result. Tho Mayor of Sandhurst, Mr M'Intyra goes into the hall, together with somo of his councillors ; tho latter are impressed that if they wish to stay they must perforce pay, and as thoy decline to do so they are requested to leave. On this the whole Sandhurst party, Mayor and all, troop out, and 88 none of the officials ef tho Eaglehawk Council have ar rived thoro is nothing to bo seen inside but a beggarly array of empty benches. In the meanwhile tho Princo has been conducted, to tho room prepared for him, and there he in dulges in the luxury of a bath. By and by the Mayor of Eaglehawk cornea in with his robo half on, and declaring earnestly that the Princo was not duo for at least two hours. However, the best has to bo mado of the matter, and so he hurries to know the Prince's pleasure. What this is is not known till some time afterwards, when his Royal Highness orcerges from hife room, and takes hia seat at the table. Even now tho room looks miserable: A few seats only have been filled . np at the table, and on a raised platform at Ihe top of the hall are seated somo half-dozen ladies. Yesterday I received from Eagle hawk a card, which ran as follows :—' Visit of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., to Eaglohawk. Admit Mr ? to the Luncheon at the Town Hall, Eaglehawk, on the 19th inst. — Chas. Letheby. 16th December, 1867.' I confess that I was disgustingly, ravenously hungry when I reached Eaglehawk, and, being so, I had fond expectations of what was to coine. I had been down a mino of bewil dering and innumerable drives, whero I had been parboiled ; and I had come out into a sun and a wind which bad ronsted sue. After this I preparation, I was ready for anything, and could,' F believe, have pnrtiken of steak and onions (a dish I abhor) in order to Batisfy my hunger. I went to Eaglehawk expect ing to get it satiated; I camo away from it a disappointed man. Cherries and champagne are I do not doubt all very well in their way, but they do not got far when it comes to a question of filling a vacuum. This was tho sum total ef the luncheon to which I had boen invited, and to which I sat down in a fever of expeotancy, and from whom I rose in a passion of bilo. If tho Prince was as hungry as I was, and as hot, and if ho had been parboiled and roasted and peppered ns I had been, how ho must have blessed Eaglehawk, its borough council and its sham luncheon. Worst of all was that, when ho sat down at the table, the room was comparatively empty. It was the ghost of a feast, or rathor of a famine, from which men rose discontented, and which they left with a fervent hopo that they might never be called on to tako part in tho like again. To tho few thoro his Royal Highness must havo afforded infinite pleasuro when ho got up to leave. Tho oompany had enough of cham pagno, and had gorged themselves with fruit. They had hoard tho address read, ami thoy had drunk ' Tho Queen' in tho solemn silence necessary to the occasion, and if thoy were not satisfied they ought to havo been. I may re cord tho address, which, if the Prince preserves it, will no doubt bs full of tender recollections to him when he looks at it. This was it : — ' To his Royal Highness Princo Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, &c;, &c;, -fcc. May it please your Royal Highness, — We, the Mayor and Council of tho Borough of Eaglehawk, approach your Royal Highness with assurances of our devoted loyalty to the throne and person of your august parent, her Most Gracious Majesty Quoou Victoria, and respectfully offer to your Royal Highness our warm congratulations upon your safe arrival in this portion of her Majesty's dominions. Wo trust that your Reyal Highness will' deign to observe, not without interest, tho evidences of tlint prosperous industry, lovo of law and order and loyalty, by which this ffroat goldmining district we represent haa over been distinguished; and, in conclusion, wo beg your Royal Highness to believe that your visit to Eaglehawk will always bo gratefully remem bered, and to accept our earnest wishes for your health andhappiness. Charles Letiieby, Mayor ; H.E. Tolhurst, Town Clerk.' After this most liberal entertainment, the Prince proceeded to visit the claim of the Ca therine Reef Company in Pogleg Gully. Here he was received by the manager, Mr Eyre, and shown round tho works, which I. fully doscribed when Sir Henry Mannors Sutton visited the district. The claim was very prettily deco ated, and thoro was a large number of persons present at tho reception. H.R.H. weHt down tho main shaft, where he himself knocked out a number of specimens, which ho took away with him. At a slight repast, his health was pro posod by Mr Sterry, ono of the directors, and H.R.H. then gavo ' Prosperity to the com pany.' This tnast was responded to by tho manager, Mr Eyre. As soon as ho had finished here, the Prince returned to Sandhurst, and the Shamrock Hotel. Here he will re main till tho ball to-night, which it is said will be a great success. Over GOO persons ai e expected to bo present, and the arrange ments of tho Reception Committee aro very perfect. Tho Princo leaves hero for Ballarat at six o'clock to-morrow morning. It is with extreme regret I have, beforo I close my report, to record that another boy has died through tho accident of last night. His name is Waltors, and he was eleven years of ago. Thus, two families havo boen plunged into griof by an event which to the rest of the community has been the cause of much pleasure. 