LYSTER'S OPERA. COMPANY. Rossini's opera of " Semiramide" was per formed last night with Madame Escott as Semiramide, Miss Georgia Hodson as Arsaces, Mr De Haga as Assur, Mr Baker'as Idremts, Mr Kitts as Oroe, aud Mr Sutcliffe as the Ghost of Ninus, and we have no hesitation in saying it was the finest musical performance that has ever taken place in Sandhurst, not only in the boIo parts but in the chorus, which went with as much precision and strictness in time as could be heard in the first opera house in the world. Rossini's music is noted for its florid character, and this opera is perhaps as trying to the solo executant if not more so than any of the other works. The opening chorus, " Belus all honored," was grandly given, and the following trio "From the Ganges," sung by Assur, Idremts and Oroe, was a beautiful contrast after the finale to such a fine piece of vocalisation; indeed it may fairly be said of this opera that it is a constant succession of surprises, the ear as it were becomes almost sated with the harmony of a beautiful chorus, and before it has recovered from the effect another gem follows it, creating more delight thau the last. Iu such a state of things as this the critic's office is gone— there is nothing left for him to,do.but to pick out tome of the more striking passages of the opera in order to call the attention of his readers to their beauty. In the first act there is a cavatina for Arsaces, " Ah, from that happy day," beautifully rendered by Miss Hodson, and the act winds up with a magnificent duet between Assur aud Arsaces. The second act opened with a chorus by the Assyrian-women, which was followed by the air " Oh, thought enchanting," sung by Madame Escott, and it is only due to her to say that her rendering of the very difficult runs in this cavatina was n piece of almoat marvellous vocalisation. In some of the most rapid passages she was accompanied by a flute obligato, and the voice and the flute went so nicely together that tbey seemed like one beautiful piece of instrumen tation. Another gem in the second act is the chorus for Arsaces, Assur, Idrenus, and Oroe— "To the pods we vow"—in which they swear fidelity to Semiramide, and the voices being only accompanied by the clarionet, horns, and bassoon, bad a most pleasing and novel eflect. In act 3 the duet between Semiramide and yLssur, com mencing "If life be still "dear to thee," and the duet between Semiramide aud Arsaces, in the fourth act, were splendidly given, the latter being vociferously encored, but Madame Escott and Miss Hodson very wisely declined to sing such a lengthy aud trying duet again. We might continue our remarks in the same strain, picking out the various beauties of the opera, but to sum up the performance in one word, ; it was simply grand. It must have been somewhat gratifying to Mr Lyster to see such an improve ment in the attendance, and as Donizetti's great work of " Lucia di Lamniermoor" is to be given to-night, no doubt there will be a still better attendance, as the opera is widely known and very popular. We cannot close this notice without a tiibute of praise to the effective scene in the finale to the last act, representing the Tower of Babel in the background. The performance concluded with the repetition of the ballet by the Leopold Family, which was as funny and pleasing as on the previous evening. 