RELICS OP OLD Lopoor.-Ta-- oldebtlesebeD o left in London are outside the old wails-tle*itt4oteide Newgate and outside Temple Bar.' Ofthaesete most venerable is a grobupof four oin Gray's:Lnaente, near tie turning to Liqiospond-street. nfeyaMa of wood, with curious gables,&id; bove their date on theta, 1695, a few years after the Bpanish 'Armad-L ?hey stoop forward in a tottering wayeand lean again~siathb other as if exhanuted and half imbecile with gEC Th ey am grimed with the smoke and dirt.of e·ontideie They evidently want to get out'of-itosnditbl~ ak up the partoershlip. Even thogrim coniollfansbabthecorbsels - are fied in a sort of rueful pain. In lWynbh*Lre et and se Holywell-street there are see slbnflhdsaib date. In - Bell-yard, opposite the Temple bthersoat? se old Charles I. house, and therse aewWap?s?~thnboarded tenements in a peage leediongf np ~t amust hens ihad a snarrow escape indeesd fron ebs oe ialmes, when they were blazing just aeropes test. In Bishboplgote, nearly opposite are is a ne old merchant's house, oncee? ir'Pau Pindsr, who woas ruined by his derolioo.4 e mows of Ciearles I. This house must hnve beidi the full current of the great fire. %Sn intii #n those curious projeeting windowsatt Stllti W.nont n halve felt thle very heat of the?.dmes, 'ied iJ'i9 en each other's faces redden in the Aicoreaiig n'tftiatening glare. But there is a group of suoti obt*6el olborn that always especially strikes me asd 1i6,W e6e in the same condition as when they nwe?'builet,~6 tbfter the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot;,and' siasie Btaplens TInt, that long row of eir black gablIsndetdI nts eloae to Middle Row, a narrow ohanneldljlo'tdtlmhere the old brs an sod chains uesed to cross:theoead. Yaear after year I have passed that archwsy of 8teple'si nh, and still those old brotherly black gablkissreaoahlipa and almost inviting a fire, rise grim and.desolate bove the busy little shope that lhavne nestled themselvss at their feat. How often have looked upon ilhdolseflwindows above, and wondered if human beings orghbtstenanted them. Peeping through the low arshway, you catch glimpses of the hall, with its stone-shsafte'alodows4 and beyond there is a garden, whore blek?paprroos pereh on black trees thlat begin o bued hbout lune, when oouotry hedges have been three weeksor more in loetaf. When the fire was st the foot of (Chancery-lane it came dangerously near those rat-haunted moofs, and the court-yards where lawyere .ghosts pase and eonsult in moonlit nighlts. The very emrsh of ?theefllin houses and the roar of the fLames must hain .ben .:erd in those quiet courts and from those dismal windows. The wind did not shift, and Staple's Inn was saved. There is no block of hlouses mom truly and purely - antique in all London thlan those I have deseribed. Walter Thornbhry, in CsseI s ~agazcias. The lady who was initiated into Freemasonry was Mrs. St.. Leger, daughter of Lord Doosreile. It was about the year 1739, on the occasion oft ledge being held at Lord Doneraile's house, that hii, daughter soecreted herself in an adjoining room that was then under repair, and havring extracted a brik from a thin wall, heard and saw all that transpired in giving the trst two degrees of Freemasonry. Afterwards beeom ing alarmed at what she had illegally been. witness of, she attempted to mnake her escape tbhrough the lodgeroom, bute was prevented from doing so by the tyler at the door. At first, it is stated, some of thle members were for laying violent hands upon her, but her brother, who happened to be a member of the lodge, interfered, and suggested that she should be initiated and become a member, so that she might be bound to secresy for the future. This was done, and history informs us tlhat her suhsequent life showed that she was deeply imprgsed wath the beauties of Freemasonry, and carried out to the fullest extent the briglhtest jewel which adorns it, and that is charity. lHer hland was always open to the distressed, particu larly to Masons, and site died full of years, amidst the rc?r?elt of all lwho lad the happinees of knowing her. Limerick Sotlern Chronicle. Irsnwon: Printed and Published by tile Proprietors nIvon Pa.NaSow, J. BowfBNo SIowxa, and F8acIsa KImNs n, at the Qeenasmland Imes Omee, Ellenborough-etreet. 