THE SPIRITUAL APOSTLE IN BONDS. F«>r some time past Mr D. D. Home, the celebrated "Spiritualist," has been staying at Malvern, under the care of Dr Gully. One day last week Mr Home suddenly disappeared from the neighbor- hood, and the next we bear of the gentle man, whose face had become quite familiar at Malvern, and was not unknown in Worcester, is of his being a prisoner. A writ had been issued against him for obtaining a large sum of money by undue ir fiuence, and the legal men concerned had thought it advisable to have some declaration made whereby Mr Home could at once be arrested. Thus much we learn from ordinary sources. We complete the narrative from a letter of explanation which Mr Home has forwavded to ue himself. Beg:nning at the period of that "stroke of lucx " which the papers chroni cled last year, Mr Home says on O.-tober 1, 1866, be received a letter signed " Jane Ly >u," in which the writer requested to" know on what terms she could Decome a member of a society of ladies and gentle men who had clubbed together tor the serious investigation of the so-called Spiritual phenomena. Without waiting for a reply she visited Mr Home the next day and requested him to cail upon her. He called accordingly, and Mrs Lyon pre sented him with £30 towards the ex penses of the societ , .. Up to this time she hgt wituytge apy of (Jj? KO-c&llpd; phenomena, but stated that from early childhood she had seen most wonderful visions. On the Sunday following Mr Home called again, and Mrs Lyon declared- that she had seen him in visions and wished him to adopt him as her son. During this interview, Mr . Home says, she saw some phenomena which convinced her, and she expressed, herself more than ever desirous to adopt him as her son. On the 10th of October she wrote to hinv and presented him with an entirely free gift of £24,000, which sum was paid to Mr Home the next day. After this he went to Brighton and. received letters as from a mother to her son. He then adopted her name in addition to his own, and became, -as most people kHOW, Mr Home-Lyon. The winter passed, and Mr Home was taken seriously ill. Advised to go to Malvern, he placed himself under Dr Gully, and during his stay at the seat of the water cure his " mother" wrote to him kind and aflectionate letters ; yet, mean while (so it turns out), she was consulting lawyers as to the best means of undoing what she had done. At this point she consults a supposed spiritual medium, a girl of twelve years of age, by whom she is told that Mr Home-Lyon Las a familiar spirit which has compelled her to adopt him. The advice of the medium is, that Mrs Lyon shall throw the whole thing into Chancery,. ' Mr Home returns to Londou at this juncture, and is received kindly by his patron. On a second interview, how ever, she demands the return of all cr part of the money she has given him, aud tells him that all his friends are swindlers. " This, of course (says Mr Home), renders it impossible for me to comply with her request, as much for ray friends' sake as for my own." Within the shortest possible time she has him thrown into Whitecross- street prison. He only remained there one night, however, but the shock to his nervous system has been great, and he is now very 111. The case will, ere long, come before the law courts, and will no doutt be a very remarkable trial ; it will be a fight between spiritualists, aud must elicit some extraordinary disclosures; for Mrs Lyon adheres to her belief in spiritualism, and does not charge Mr Home with fraud, but vows that he has " a familiar spirit." The Princess of Wales.— The Home Hews says one of the most pleasing items of intelligence is that the Princess of Wa'es has again come out after her long and melancholy illness, and is fast recovering s o igth. But those who met her in h r carriage believed that her royal highness was in a much more advanced condition of convalescence than was the c ase. The brough m which has been constructed for her opens from behind, and into it the conch on which she reclines glides gently along a sort of tramway, and then the vehicle is closed and the Princess sits up, but there is no motion permitted to the limb which has been afflicted. Sne will go, we believe, to Wiesbaden in a short time. At the distribution of the exhibition prizes en July 1, the Empress Eugenie wore a dress of white satin, the sleeves of silver gauze thrown back so as to display her a ms and bust, Tne skirt was fully and tastefully trimmed with glistening s lver ond tulle. Oa her neck lay a mag nificent necklace of diamonds, the front consisting of rivieres of diamonds; her h -ad wreathed with a eouronne of small green velvet leavis, from which rose her coronal of diamonds, an ample tulle veil falling from the back of this coronal covering her shoulders. The Saltan wore a dark blue uniform, the sleeves of which were a mass of gold embroidery. He never removed his scarlet fez Princess Clotbilde was coijfee with masses of curls, which fell over the back of her head from a splendid cymb and wreath of diamonds. M. Hector Berloiz has just had the misfortune of losing his only son, M. Louis Berloiz. a naval officer, who died at Havana at the early age of 23. The Russian journals announce that a Colonel Sokolofl has been sentenced by the St Petersburg tribunal to 16 month's' imprisonment in a fortress, for having written a work entitled "The Apostates " The Wiest says that this book proceeds from a gloomy and sceptical party known as Nihilists. These persons are, it appears, hostile to the Church and the Christian religion ; " they deny the right of private property, and nlirectly excite to disobe dience to the supreme authority." It appears from a calculation in the Hew York Times that if the public debts of each of the individual States be added to the public Federal debt the total of the national obligations of the United States must be at least £660,000,000. Assuming that the average rate of interest necessary to enable this amount to be kept afloat will be 6 per cent., the annual burden wili be the same as if the debt consisted of £1,320,000,000 Consols. A thunderstorm, attended with calami tous results, broke a few days back over the mountain of Tarnague, in the Ardeche. The lightning killed insfanta neously a shepherd and 203 sheep. The Surratt tri tl is progressing at Washington. Several witnesses testify to seeing the prisoner at Washington on the night of the assassination of President Lincoln, and circumstantial evidence has been adduced tracing his subsequent flight to Cgnada. The British consul for the Azores, Mr Samuel Vines, las been tried before the Criminal Court of the Island of St. .xikiiiucia iui luiumgius way into tnenouse of a Portuguese donkeyman, and beating and maltreating him ; and also in con junction with the vice-consul. Mr Blake, for firing on and wounding, from the windows of the consulate, two seamen in the public street below. The seamen who had come ashore from a British ship, had made a disturbance at the consulate. Both consul and vice- consul, who appeared in court to take their trial in full consular uniform, were convicted and sentenced bv the jud. e to one yeai's imprisonment. The Duchess of Sutherland laid the foundation-stone of the new Alexander Orphanage at. Ho-nsey rise on July 6. The Princess of Wales had promised to lay the stone ; but the unfortunate illness which has confined her so long to her room pre vented her from fulfilling her promise. Earl Granville presided subsequently at a lun cheon. Earl Spencer, as lord of the manor of Wandsworth, has undertaken to lay out the common as a public recreation ground on the termination of the present legal pro ceedings. The lady who gave Mr Spurgeon £20.000 to erect an orphanage has since ordered her plate to be said for the same object ; and Mr Spurgeon asserts that the donor has thereby " set an ex an pie to all believers who have surplus aud unused gold and silver which ought lo be put to better use than lying wrapped up in a box." The Princess of Wales has promised to lay the <oundation -stone of the new St. Thomas's Hospital, if the state of her health permits. Dn_ Friday, June 28, a. scene of a moat exciting nature occurred at the Zoological Gardens, Kegent's-part. It appears that a countryman, while looking at the bears, a cidentally dropped his hat into the pit, and, to recover it, had the foolhardiness to descend the pit. As soon as he got to the bottom he wa< seized by one of the bears, and immedi ately two others came from their cave and also seized liim, and began dragging him towards it Some sticks were thrown to him by the excited lookers on, but fortunately one ! of the keepers went to the man's assistance, gpd succeeded jn setting big; free, The Queen's dinner to the Belgians at Windsor, to which they did ample justice, included, in addition to the standing joints ot beef, lamb, and veal. 750 roast fowls, 250 roast ducks, 250 pickled tongues, 20o pigeon and veal pies, 250 lobster salads, a handsome dessert of black and white grapes, melons, greengages, strawberries, raspberries, and 2600 bottles of Champagne, Moselle, hock, claret, port and sherry. The ' Church News' expresses the indigna tion which is felt by " Anglo-Catholics" generally at the honours which have been shown to the Sultan and the Viceroy of Egypt Kegretting that instead of making the Saltan a Knight of the Star of India — an honour at once appropriate and high — he should have been made a Knight of the Garter, our contemporary proceeds : — " This litter is a Cnristian Order, with Christian statutes and Christian worship, with which a Mahometan, until he has been converted and baptized, should have nothing to do. Without intending to he personal, this cast ing pearls before But we stay our pen.' The authorities of Armley Gaol, Leeds, received a communication from the Home Secretary, on July 25th, stating, that in con sequence of ill-health Mr Greenland, the late manager of the Leeds Banking Company, should be forthwith discharged from custody. . A public meeting 4was held at Salisbury, on July 23rd, to take into consideration the present state of the diocese in reference to tue CAbCuai'Hi ut nibudiisui una uuujaii oo- tliolic doctrine, as indicated by the Bishop of Salisbury's recent charge. Resolutions were adopted in opposition to all innovations doc trinal or practical, and a petition to the Bouse of Lords was agreed to, praying that some steps might be taken for their repres sion. " ill Follow Thee !" is the designation of a cartoon in a late number of the 'Toma hawk.' It represents the Prince of W ales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursu ing the ghost ol G orge IV., to whom the prince is saying, ' I'll follow thee!" '-The inference s obvious, and the publication of S'ich a picture is surely a sign of the times ; for the 'Tomahawk, (says the Flaneur in the 'Star') is by no means 'a low Radical p iper.' It is another sign of the times, which will probably have been noticed by those whose inclination or whose duty prompts their attendance at public dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provo cative of enthusiasm, is now receive f with comparative coldness, the mention of the name of the Princess calls forth unmis take- able demonstrations of sympathy and per sonal attachment. Qui vivra. verra." The statistics of dram drinking among sailors in Eastern London would, if collected, form a startling proof of the depraved condi- t:i n 0' many ot our merchant seamen. In a record of 7'J cases of delirium tremens com piled by Mr Harry Leach, one is adduced of a man admitted into the Dreadnought for a seventh attack of this disease, whose daily aUowan.e, for the week previous to admis sion, had been 10 or 12 glasses of rum, from one and a- half to two gallons of beer, and (as he said) a few glasses of brandy by way of a change. He confessed to the expenditure of £20 in three days, and applied entry penni less and almost in rags Two cases are mentioned in ea.'h of which the quantity imbibed averaged from 30 to 40 glasses of rum or braniy daily, and a fourth, mad in hospital with erysipelas, took for a fortnight before admission a daily quota of three bottle3 of gin. three gallons of beer, and several glasses of brandy The ordinary tavern glass noms 2$ ounces. Baron Ferdintnd de Rothsohild, whose yonng wife died in child birth a few months ago, has determined to found a hospital to her memory. 1 )irect action to this end has alrea y been taken; and a site for the pro jected building has been purchased on the ea;t side of Southwark-bridge-road. The establishment will be a lying in-hospitaL It is the baron's intention to spend £10.000 on the building; the site costs probably as much more. Tiie Qneen laid the foundation-stone of the new wing of the Albert < irplian Asylum, od Bagslio'-h a:h on the 29th June. The Earl ot Derby is suffering July 26) from another attack of 'gout, and is .at pre sent confi ed to his bed. There is no proba bility of the Premier being able to occupy his place in the. House ot Lords tor several days. On Jul 27 the nomination of candidates for West Gloucestershire, rendered vacant by the appointment of Sir John Rolt to the position of Lord Justice, took place at Durs- ley. Colonel Blathwayt proposed, and Colonel Onslow seconded, Colonel Somerset, the Con servative candidate ; and Mr Berkley, the Liberal candidate was proposed by Mr Price, M.P., and seconded by Major Garth. The show of hands was declared to he i 1 favor of Mr Berkley, and a poll was demanded on the part of Colonel Somerset. Tho poll is fixed for July 29. Lord Vane arrived at St. Petersburg. July 5\. with the insignia of the Order of the Garter for the Emperor of Rnssia. His Lordship was detained en route by the train in which he travelled running off the line. The accident was of an insignifican . character. It is said to be in contemplation to confer the h nour of a baronetcy on the Lord Mayor and the honour of knighthood on each of the two sheriffs, in con ".euiion with the visits of the Sultan and Viceroy of Egypt to the City. According to the "Owl," the Slade baron etcy case has been " compromised. General Slade. according to the terms of arrang -ment brought about by the action of mutual friends, abandons all claim to the title and estates, receiving from his nephew, the present inheritor, £28,009, and the amount of costs for which he has become liable in connection with the recent cxpeusive litiga tion. fir Robert Phillimore, the Queen's Advo cate, has accepted the office of" Judge of the Admiralty, vacant by the resignation of Dr Lushingttn. Either Dr Travers Twiss or Dr Deane will probably succeed to the Queen's Advocateship. Tf Id cfnfoil fliof Mi Mifnlinll «1ia «ah JVi. AO OlittiWU bUPV LAi tUikteliLllt »TIIU >Y A9 IUI many years the proprietor of the "Shipping Gazette," and has identified himself actively in several important public enterprises con nected with the mercantile marine, is about to receive the honour of knighthood, as a recognition by the Gove nment of his bene volent and intelligent activity as a friend of the seafaring classes. The Right Rev. Dr' R. D. Hampden, Bishop of Hereford, who has been for some time past seriously ill, is represented to be in such an entire state of mental prostration as to be altogether past work. The last freak of fashion is to give the coup de grace to the pearl-powder, white- lead, and rouge that -have so long reigned. Even b -lladona is to be discarded, and ' golden " hair will shortly be as rare as the real auburn tint of nature, if not still rarer. The cecree has gone forth for black k ir and bronze c mplexioas, and these will, no doubt shortly crowd the parks. How they are produced is the only q lestion that need concern 11--. The destrm tive nature of the chemical agents usually employed for dyeing the liair black is well known to our readers To give a lady of fashion the complexion of a gipsy, nothing is needed but a little wa'nut juice, and we have reason to know that this has already found its way to the- toilette- table. It has at least the negative merit of not being so dangerous as some of the poi sonous cosmetics that have preceded it. Whether a dirty face will long be the rage it would be rash to predict. Another dreadful case of burning to death has again occurred under circumstances very similar to the deplorable accident by which the Archduchess Maihdde lost her life The Countess Thurn, nee ' Falffy Daun, had on the afternoon of the 16th Jun ; accompanied her husband, with many lriends. to ta'<e possession ol a new estate at Sorgcndorf, in Carintbia. In the evening the countess wrote a letter and lighted a caudle, throwing the match behind her. In a 'few moments she was in flames. Her husband, who w-s near, succeeded at last in extinguishing the fire by wrapping her round with a carpet ; but it was t o lata. The countess lingered for a week, and died after much sufibring. Count Thurn was severely burnt himself in endeavoring to save his wife, A form of Government was established in 1864 by the Israelities resident in the United States, for the purpose of guarding the race tn America. This organisation has been in regular operation ever since its establish- meut. hut so exclusively have its doings been confined to the affairs and circles of those immediately interested that the public at large has kno-vn very little of its exist ence. The busines 1 of this government has now grown so important that the Executive is about to call for loans and issue bonds, in the name of the Israelitish Government, bearing seven per cent interest. This or ganisation is intended to co-operate with similar associations in other I arts of the world, the grand object being a furtherance of the favorite and traditional Jewish id®8 that the whole race of Israelites will be ultimately gathered together in the land ot their forefathers. Then they believe the temple of Jerusalem will be rebuilt, pre- para"ory to the coming of the Messiah, to vindicate the truth of the religious belie! to which the Jews have adhered tenaciously for so many centuries. The whole number of Jews scattered throughout the wo Id is estimated at six millions. ' Echoes from the Clubs ' has the following in a late number : — " One of the gusty days of last week was the means of letting the pub ic into a new secret. The hat of a lady riding in Rotten-row being carried away by an insidious puff, a gorgeous chignon was seen to accompany it in its flight, the two being inseparably iniKea togemer. spectators hardly knew whether most to admire, the coolness which perpetrated : his fraiid on the public, or the composure with which the perpetrator rc-arranged the dis- a m posed machinery." Some people in Sheffield were sanguine enough to believe that, after the recent dis closures there, Broadhead would find the -place too hot for Mm But Broadhead keeps £a public-house, the Royal George, wlii. h just now is thronged bv curious customers, who drink his beer, and to whom he talks without reserve concerning his share in trade ouirages. Thus, what with "expenses' before the Commission, and increased gains in business, mnrder will in Broadhead 8 case be its own reward. To add to the attractions of the Royal George, that profound scoundrel Crookes is also on view there, and a co-res pondent of the 'Sheffield Telegraph,' who sesms to have been one of the morbidly curi ous visitors, retails some of the conversation wlii-di passed within the bar in his hearing. Assuming that there mighk now be an attempt to break up Trade Unions, Crookes declared that this would not put an end to trade outrages : — " Where there lias been one outrage before," said he, " there will then he 50, and there will he no one to snitch (peach) about it either. I think." he added, "I have done mv little h;t, hut," said ho, cautiously, " if ever I did owt at soart agean. I wnd hae nobbody in it but mysen." Speaking of Linley, he denied that there was any murder : — "'Linley dil not die untii seven months after he was shot, and for six months he was drinking and going to bad houses. He killed his sen, and then they said he wor murdered. Folks say that mur derers has summat on their moinds what tells 'em; hut ha've nowt on moine. Heniver wor murdered." Crookes spoke of Hallara with great contempt for " snitching," and does not appear to have a high opinion of the Sheffield police, for he said " I could do 30 (outrages) a neet and not be fahned out by them!" And the two worthies conde scended to joke about the promised certificate of indemnity. As 1 he evidence showed, Crookes is a bit of a sportsman, and it is interesting to know that he means to take out a game license : — " If I get my certifi cate," he said. "I shall have another. I mean to do a hit of shooting " Broadhead remarked, " Well, Sam, I think we shall pull through somehow or other ; but if thah cannot get a certificate to slioot, if anyb-.dy interferes with thee, thah must show them Overend's certificate." An ac ident of a painful character occurred on July 3, at Weston-super-Mare. A young gentleman of the name of Jenkins, who had been resi ling for some time at Weston, went out for a short cruise in his yacht, a zinc boat, accompanied by a boatman named S'evens. When off Brean Down, a stiff squall was encountered, and the yacht sud denly car>sized. Both men were struggling -at once in the waves, which ran very high off Weston, and it was impossible to save them. ' Mr Jenkins had only recently been married. The police statistics of Paris show that in March of the current year 226 horses and 59 asses, in April 226 horses and 29 ass -s, and in May 208 horses and 19 donkeys were killed for culinary purposes. Prince GortsehakofF celebrated at St. Petershu g. on June 26. his jubilee of fifty years spent in the service ot the State, and he was appointed on the occasion Chancellor of the Russian Empire. It is semi-offi -ially announced that Count von Bismarck will henceforth ocmpy the post of Chancellor of the Bund. The count will return to 'erlin at the end of July. The Emperor of the French has con'err- d upon the Count of Flanders and ilia i-'uke d'Aoste the Grand Cross of the Legion of Hon ur. General Grant has made another sueech He was introduced to the ci:ize >s of Whee'- ing by Governor Boreman at the conclusion of whose remarks it began to rain a li tie. Tire anxiou-lj--awaited reply of the great chief wa9 "Gentlemen, I hope you won't stay in the rain long." The fourth annual dinner of the Newspa-ier Press Fund, took place at Wil.is'srrnoms. on Saturday. 29th June. Mr Glad-tone pre sided, and there was a krilda .t gat iering of both Houses of Parliament and literary men Mr Gladstone, in proposing ihe toa-t of prosperity to the Fund, demanded for th se .who shared in the work of the .press, that theirs should he regarded in e-.-ery lilit as a profession. He pointed to the vast extension of the newspaper press, and de lared that while formerly it was but tha privi eue of the educated classes, it was now. the patri mony of the neople. The substantial result of the meeting added £900 to the funds of the institution. 