Church Missionary Society of the Diocese of Melbourne. The annual meeting of this society was held on Tuesday evening, in St. George's hall, hut, owing probably to the unfavour able state of the weather, there was but a small attendance. The Right Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Perry) presided; and there were also present on the platform the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, the Ven. the Archdeacon of Castlemaine, the Chief Justice, and others of the cleigy and laity. The proceedings having been opened with prayer, The Bishop addressed the meeting, re grettjngthat a larger number were not pre sent. Having addressed another assembly that day at length, it was not his intention to make a long speech now. That evening had been selected tor the annual meeting, because at this time there were a great many clergy different men present in Melbourne from different parts of the diocese. He thought, too, there would have been, a considerable number of the last-elected lay representatives in the Church Assembly. He was, however, glad to see a large proportion of his clergymen pre sent, and he trusted they would endeavour to impress upon theirpeople tlicprivilege of taking a part in carrying out the Lord's command, by supporting missions for the preaching of the gospel to the heathen amongst them. He reminded them of the command, " Go you and make disciples of all nations, bap tising them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." The society was now very much at a standstill iu respect to that work' which 'seemed to be the peculiar duty of this society. There was one young man still employed among the Chinese, and the board encouraged the hope that he would not be turned from this work. They had been dis appointed in their expectation of receiving a missionary specially looked for f rom China; but they had other hopes of obtaining the aid of another, a younger man, for this important mission. The duty of preaching the gospel to the Chinese was a peculiar work laid upon the society. The aboriginal mission had been taken out of their hands by another com mittee in connexion with the church. Not only the society, but all members of church congregations should take upon themselves their part in the evangelisation of the heathen; and it would be a grievous thing for them if they did not take the opportunity afforded them of making known the know ledge lof God to the Chinese. The bishop then referred to the suggestions which had been made in reference to making use of the converts made from heathen people. After stating to what extent such aid had been employed or declined, he remarked that he was informed that several converts em ployed by other bodies had been actually converted by the Church missions. The bishop then referred to the mission in the Western Pacific (under Bishop Patteson), which had a deep interest for them in Vic toria, as a church closely connected with theirs. He then called upoa the hon. secre tary to read the report which had been pre pared. The Assistant Hon. Secretary, the Rev. Rowland Hatwabd, then read the report, of which the following are the principal features:— " In presenting their twelfth annual report, the board of the Church Missionary Society of the Diocese of Melbourne, regret to state that notwithstanding, by God's messing, the interest in this society has not flagged, nog its work been neglected, yet by an unforeseen circumstance, over which they had no con trol, but little mission work hah actually been accomplished.. The circumstanoe to which we allude is the failure, after much correspondence with Mr. Venn, the se cretary to the Church Missionary Society, to1 secure a clergyman for the Chinese ' mission. The clergyman whom we hoped to have reccivedasbur missionary has ac cepted a chmilaincy in (^ina^ffer&ltiirnby; the Bishop of London. The Chinese mission , is, we need Jhnrdly shy. the, dhief Jnission bf this society; bo that tintil we obtain a clergy man for this mission,' little pt themostim ' portent work opuld pe .flope. In, the rpe— Mfiil .fle say- (hat ttihey, "^•factoafy letters fropa;* the nan respecting theuj. , (Lb t Wjfthparticuter pleasure'thb rt fertb me inow weH-hhowh Mel jdhfler Bishop Pattesbjfi,. bur Sunday ! if IP hiswdrk r^n;ijQ m: subscriptions for the mission to the abori gines, we would beg to refer for aU, informa tion concerning it to the report of thesociety o?, AmJ ttt Wlon 18 wholly conducted. The board would recognise with thankful ness that, being assisted by thesociety to SOciet,y has instituted an tne Midst of much discouragement to to thf poor aborigines 12 ». a<Jcordance with ride 3. tne office of patron of thissociety has been offered to His Excellency the Governor, who has kindly signified his wil hngness to aocept it. The Church Assembly, ui its last session but one, made a suggestion u •£* Missionary societies of the church of Victoria should be amalgamated so as to form but one mission. Sub^ommit^ tees were accordingly appointed by the com mitted of both societies to confer on the subject; but, after due deliberation and much inquiry, it was thought that, while cordially co-operating in their Master's ser VlPAV t.hft U'AvIr nf AAn!L J »_1, 1. 1 ^'the executive of either to onegenerai board. _ Although not strictly coining under tins society s province, the board cannot' but !ie ufr °i a Chinese mer chant, named Ahjfing, in July last, at St. Luke s Church. From Mr. Ah Ylug's in fluence upon his countrymen, there is good iitolni1 *1 he may prove a most useful coadjutor to any Chinese missionary whom we nifty obtain. It may not be unin foresting to add, that Mr. Ah Ying's conver sion to Christianity was, under God, mainly uhout bythe pious endeavours of a Christian lady. The same lady is now pi vine instruction to a friend of Mr. Ah Ying'f who is also an inquirer into the truths of our holy rehgion. It might be unfair to name any particular school, but as an example of what may be done by even children in aid of mis sions, we would point to the return from bunday schools; notwithstanding that one school challenges particular remark, it might be unfair to point to one more than another who have especially interested themselves in the Melanesian mission and missions to the aborigines. The committee feel that their report would be very incomplete if no allusion were made by them to the great parent mission, societies of England to whose instrumentality, under God, is due in great nieasure the planting and sustain ing the Church, not only in heathen lands, but in many of the now flourishing colonies of the empire. No report has reached them of the venerable Society f6r the Propagation or the Gospel, but your committee would refer with thankfulness and pleasure to the increased prosperity of the Church Missionary Society, while the consecration of missionary bishops seems to open a new door of hope and to promise to the Church at length the establishment of her missions upon a more apostolic and lasting basis. In conclusion the board cannot but urge upon the Church in this diocese the claims of its own missionary society. With a remnant of the aborigines still left to us, and many thousands of the heathen inhabitants of China dwelling in our midst, and coming and going, we possess immense advantages for good, which God suTely has not given us for nought. May He who has pven this opportunity put it into the hearts of the people to use it according to His will, who will have all men to be saved, and to come to the knowledge of the truth. Show Thy sen-ants Thy work, O Lord J and their children Thy glory!'" The hon. treasurer, Mr. James Modbe, read the following statement of accounts • —Contributions in 1866 —General fund, 4.162 3s. 3d.; Melanesian mission, £186 3s 4d.; Chinese mission, £13 9s. 3d.; aboriginal" mission, £10 18s. &d.; Church Missionary Society (England), £3 4s. Id.; Society for the Promotion of Christianity among the Jews, "- There was also a balance from 1865 on* each of these items, amounting altogether to £108 lis. The disbursements in 1866 had been—General fund, £144 18s. 9d.; Melane sian mission, £102 6s. 6d.; Chinese mission 4s.; aboriginal mission, £18 19s. 7d.; Church Missionary Society (England), £3 2s. 6d.; Society Conversion of Jews, £6 19s. ; Total receipts and balance brought over, £485 10s. Id.; total disbursements, £276 10s 4d.; balance remaining, £203 19s. 8d., of which latter sum £116 had to be remitted to the Melanesian mission, on which account it had been received. The Very lie v. the Dean of Melbourne addressed the meeting at some length, giving an interesting account of the progress of Church missions in'all parts of the world where the Church of England Mission ary Society was labouring. He moved the adoption of the following resolution:— " That the report now read be adopted, and. that tie following gentlemen be the com mittee of the society for the present year, viz.:—Messrs. T. T. A'Beckett, A. G. Dumas, H. C. Evans, E. Exon, H. Jennings, E. Bard well, J. D. Loch, J. Moore, H. S. Shaw, J. Spowers, and J. C. Walker; that Mr. James 1 Moore be the hon. treasurer; and the Revs, j R. B. Dickinson, and. — Hayward, hon. I sees." The Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, M.L.C , se conded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. H. H. P. Handheld addressed the meeting at some length on the compara tive failure of the missions. His object in introducing the subject was not to dwell upon partial disappointments, nor was he prepared toadmitthatthe missions had notdone a great deal of good. He rather wished to induce earnest and patient inquiry into the best means of improving the missionary work they had undertaken. Sir W. Stawell moved the next resolu- ! tion, and spoke to the general question of 1 ,thp vital importance ana urgent duty of making Christian efforts,in Supporthf mis-,: tdonary enterprise. His Honour moved as follows That the Right Rev. the Bishop be hsspectfally* foquested to i≠!ia pas-' total letter, recommending that an annual collection be tnade in all churches withinhls diocese, on the firit Snnday after the Epi- ! pbany, in aid bf .the missions of the church," Tim Ven. thb'ABcaDjcxcoir of CastlejUine SB&hdpd; the 'resobitioh', Uhd sdlated sbine : , recollections of his eight ycplre'kriowledge of he habits of the Chinese population in his ' Strict, $ieir low,Moral stat^'-iind the duty f Christians to: pre&ch; the gospelto them. Ee urged the fqUowihgthe hussum^.srotem of jaobcy pursued' by IBidhop Pattest"" : -"m... i Afeh®ea6on Ctlsci mentioned sbmbenc ; ihet$h%QS of Chlnesein hisiqbality en 'arid holding to/Christiairdty.-haymj baptism, married Edfopt^'&omemT;, [related some1 other induce* of CMne^ [ coming first aequaintpd' with the 'tw ChrisiiaiutS'''thindg& toelr'havifag Mb to them some- ieachingiiri,±he'-ErL1,a*t gufige. He' .th^fofo^&ed; the meat tof their erithmpmchts.' : ^ S -• andtbdhishopat brtoe'unpbttj . Won' of iimmhui wffi' the request LBnammrmm' noxmogy1 ocdu < « Jiar._^&r5a3; TOM* 