PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ASSEMBLY. THE following is the closing address of the Very Rev Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales : FATHERS AND BRETHREN The session of this Assembly has now been brought to a close. The business has, throughout, been conducted with all becoming wisdom and gravity, and the decisions have generally been sufficiently demonstrative of the weight of opinion of members of this Court. You have had matters of delicacy and of difficulty presented to you for judgment, but there have been considered with impartiality and in the spirit of charity. The mous bonum ecclesiae has been of more consequence to this General Assembly than party contests, or local interests, or [private feelings. The tone which has pervaded the debates has been most reassuring to all who looked forward with fear or solicitude to the causes that were to come before them. I have acted to the best of my ability in presiding over your deliberations, and if in any way I have not sufficiently attended to the claims of any brethren to be heard, or hurt their feelings by my decisions, I trust, fathers and brethren, that you will believe it to have been uninten- tional. You have acted as those who were conscious of having present questions of importance to consider, and of having a future before you whose destinies you wished to mould. You have had reports from the Stealing Committees of the Church, all of which have advocated a large amount of labour and of public usefulness the part of those who attended to their management, and a comparative success that is encouraging. In the department of home missions and church extension, efforts have been made to overtake the great necessity of our people throughout the colony; but you cannot fail to have perceived the want of clergymen to supply the charges which have been vacant, and to undertake missionary work in the interior. During the year there has been a loss on the one hand in the ministerial muire, though you have gained by the accession of several brethren from the mother country. To aid this work you are now about to receive the first fruits of a native ministry, who are, I fondly hope, the earnest of a noble band dedicated by godly parents and by personal devotion to the Saviour, and equipped with all needed requirements and graces for the sacred solo. With respect to the funds for this and other operations of the Church, I cannot too strongly press upon fathers and brethren the importance of giving our people on opportunity to contribute, and of urging them to do so liberally. The work cannot be efficiently carried on without an expenditure of money, and in enterprises like those, the offerings of our people placed in the hands of the committees will be well husbanded and properly employed. The fund for supple I went in g stipends of ministers has a special claim on the sympathy of this Assembly. There are not many changes that have required help, and it is highly creditable to our people who are widely scattered that they have done so well, but in a season like that through which we have just passed, with floods, commercial depression, and low prices for agricultural produce, the resources of many congrega- tions must have been crippled, and probably their ministers may have suffered. It is at such a season that the aid from this central fund is timely. But its expenditure last year has been above its Income, though it is not in debt, by reason of a balance from the previous year It will, however, require more resources for the year to come This may be secured not only by larger contributions from those who have obeyed the instructions of this Assembly and given collections, but by the same being done in all the congregations of the Church If we wish an officious ministry we must provide a sufficient maintenance This Assembly has not yet succeeded in securing missionary agents of its own, but you have been aiding others, and providing for immediate action when it may please God to say -.,.. Cosgrove Maanwtu)ct.Jtpn nÜ8sliiryHK.Sessa¿ employed in the mission of mercy among the islands of the New Hebrides From information just received from the Presbyterian brethren there, I have learned that a missionary has just been settled again on the island of 'farms with good promise of protection, that Mr Paton has met with great success on the island of Nauru, and Mr Copeland with much encouragement on Fotuna, Messrs Morrison and Cash are labouring with zeal and hope is Fate, Messrs Gordon and M'Nair, amidst disease and difficulty, on Erro manga, and the fathers of the missions, Dr Geddie and Mr. Inglis, are sUstaining the Church in the Christian island of Aneiteum a garden of the Lord amidst the savage islands of Western Polynesia Efforts are about to be made, by means of native teachers and the visit of Mr Gordon, to evangelise the large island of Espiritu Santo to the north. Chinese immigrants wait for the Gospel at our hands The decaying aborigines call for evangelistic enterprise. " The fields are white unto the harvest" " The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that He send forth labourers into the harvest " With respect to the College, the Assembly has decided again, though not with such unanimity as is desirable on so great a question, that the proposed institution, in connection with the University of Sydney, be approved. The Parliament will very soon, it is believed, pass into law the bill by which the college is to be regulated. This Assembly has appointed a committee to take the necessary steps to establish this important place of learning, and given them instructions needed in the circumstances. Presbyterians have always been an educating people, and a larger number of youth, in proportion to the population, pass through the Universities of Scotland than through those of the wealthier England. We may expect the same feature here, and though our numbers are only third in the proportion of the other communions in this colony, and only a tenth of the whole population, yet, I am persuaded that in the University our youths will take a higher numerical position. But it depends on fathers and brethren to foster the studious spirit, and to set forth the advantages of learning to our people who, in this new land, have more than the usual temptations to consider material interests the most commanding and attractive to their sons. Still more does it depend on fathers and brethren to press upon our Christian parents the importance of dedicating some of their sons to the service of the sanctuary. The calling is honourable, if it be not lucrative. It is hedged on every side by that which is holy It is, in its own nature, benevolent, and can be made of the highest service to the commonwealth, the proposed college is designed to afford facilities in connection with the University for a liberal education. Residence there is not imperative, but optional. Youth may reside in parents' houses, or they may be boarded in private families in the city, while they pass through their studies But parents and guardians of youth in the far interior, who desire to place their sons under the care of the reverend and learned principal of the proposed college, will have the guarantee el domestic and tutorial supervision while they study at the University, and, by a special clause in the bill, may have this continued while legal, medical, or theological studies are pursued after gradua- tion. The Church, too, may take advantage of the same premises for theological classes, and may thus secure at a comparatively small outlay all the advantages of a Divinity Hall, with professors equipped for their office. The bill, as it stands at present, provides that the College Council shall contain five clergymen (including the Principal, who must always he a minister), who will all, as ministers, be jealous for the honour and zealous for the advantage of the Church. It gives the Moderator the right of Visitor to inquire into the conduct of the college. It allows also an appeal to him in reference to the moral character of any of the professors or tutors. But it also expressly prohibits the councillors from judging of doctrine when any complaint may arise against any professor, and Secures to the Presbytery of Sydney the right of trial, subject to the usual appeal to this General Assembly. The Church thus secures as great supervision over the teaching, and as good guarantee for the orthodoxy of the professors as is enjoyed in Scotland over any Divinity Chair in any of the Universities. Here it extends to the orthodoxy of any professor within the college, whether occupied with theology or literature. It is to be hoped that when this matter is put before the public, that an earnest and sustained effort be made to secure success in the subscription list and in the early management In not see the difficulties that some have expressed on the floor of this Assembly, The £10,000 to be raised are to be payable within three years. The sum can be distributed over all the Church. Many may be expected to subscribe to a permanent institution like this, who do not take much interest in other spheres of the Church. By an equitable distribution over the Presbyteries of the Church, a subscription list may DO secured which will provide for the erection of the College of St. Andrew. A Principal would be at once provided for by the Government ; other professorships are provided for in the future by the will of the late Mr. Hunter Baillie. Temporary arrangements along with the services of the Principal, may be made for theological training. One subscription of £1000 is already promised. I trust a few more of single subscriptions of the same amount may be forthcoming at least prosperous families may among themselves make up such a subscription. There is not a country presbytery but may make up £1000, and the Presbyteries of Sydney and the Hunter may each provide £2009. This would complete the building fund. A few years ago, a gentleman near Glasgow, gave during his lifetime, £30,000 to a Presbyterian College, and later still another in London bequeathed a similar sum for a similar object in the English oapiul This would complete the building fund. There is another matter, however, which ought not to be lost sight of, as it concerns the provision for a supply of young men. I refer to the establishment of scholarships. If once the college is set up, I would fain hope that, as for the University so for this college, wealthy and benevolent individuals would do something in the way of founding scholarships for encouraging Wrning. This could be done by donation or testamentary disposition. If we had a few Divinity scholarships, young men, whose minds are able but whose means are small, might be found who would study for the ministry. I trust, however, that persons of position and of wealth will think that the dedication of their sons to this sacred office in a worthy distinction, and that they will not love them the less that they are devoted to a profession where money cannot be their object. There are those also who may not be able to give much of their substance, who may give their sons; and I anticipate a noble future for the Australian Church when a considerable portion of its clergymen will be natives of the colony, educated in our University and Colleges, and able to ¡Ilústralo the motto of their alma mater that under a different sky mind is the same, that scholarship can be ripened, principles established, and character adorned by means of the educational facilities of the land. Many other matters of great importance have occupied your attention, and called for decisions of this Assembly. You have permitted the use of an additional book of praise to any con- gregations who may desire it, and you are satisfied that its theology is sound, its poetry superior, its spirit evangelical, and its subjects varied, by the use of this liberty in a Church so conservative as ours, I do not fear that it will lead to strife, but that it will tend to edification and in improvement of the service of song in the house of the Lord." The proposed scheme for making provision for the widows and orphans of ministers is essentially bound up with the prosperity and permanency of our Church. It deserves, and will, doubtless, receive in all its details careful and prolonged consideration, and when fully arranged and publicly introduced will, I doubt not, obtain the sympathy and support of our liberal people. The interests of our faith have been brought prominently before this Assembly, in the full and interesting report of the committee on Sabbath Schools. When we consider that the common education of the children in Public Schools lacks the dogmatic teaching of our faith, it is of the highest consequence that Sabbath Schools he fostered, be supplied with Bibles and Catechisms, and all necessary apparatus, and that the energy and zeal of our people be called forth in this highly honourable, and useful sphere of Christian benevolence. Finally, fathers and brethren, let us Book the blessing of God on ourselves and on our work, that we may the more largely be made a blessing. " God be merciful unto us, and bless us, and cause His face to shine upon us, that Thy way may be known upon earth, and Thy saving health among all nations." This was the prayer of the Psalmist, and it was quite in the spirit of Hebrew national piety. Though their religion was local in its ago, it had in it the elements of a grand expansion. The promise to Abraham had a catholic blessing. The divine legation of Moses which seemed to limit the Church to a people had pledges that the whole earth would be filled with the glory of God. And as the Messianic idea grow upon the intelligence of spiritual men, this enlargement of the future became the exulting hope of their souls. "The voice of the old dispensation," says the Dean of Westminster, " is pitched in too loud a key for the ears of our small people. The place of the Jewish nation is too strait for the abode of thoughts which want a wider room in which to dwell. The drama as it rolls on through its successive stages is too majestic to end in anything short of a divine catastrophe." David recognised the universal idea of God in the con- servative character of the Hebrew Church. He recognised the means whereby the blessing was to extend moina which are equally characteristic of the Christian as of the Jewish dispensation-dispensation that to be evangelical is to be evangelistic Revived life in the Church is the great secret of missionary enterprise We need an Evangelical revival The baptism of the Holy Ghost is the reviving of the Church It makes the ministry of the Word effectual for the conversion of souls and the edification of the people of God. An Australian Revival is yet to be, but that alone can give a national character to our common Christianity. That alone can merge into harmony the various elements of which our Church is composed, and call forth into energy the spiritual experience of the people Religion is subject to all the ordinary influences that affect a people. Our colonial climate, scenery, society, and customs all affect our religion, but a Colonial Revival would bring out a type of Christian faith and life that would meet all our wants and give a peculiar feature to our colonial piety Every country has had its religious epochs and its special Pentecost America has been saved by reason of the special revivals with which it has been favoured overrun by the vast hordes of emigrants from the old world people who have been loosed from old associations, and it may be not much under religious impressions America would have been sunk by the human deluge of ungodliness. But the spasmodic revivals of religion, so unlike the export exceed any other country in Christendom, have been, under Providence, the means or gathering into the fold of Christ many thousand souls of different origin, training, and habits These have awakened a vast amount of life, and have w. e, _< » "V,",oM<iriai,J J V HlB to the American people. We want an Australian Revival a special season of spiritual awakening, which will give a new tone and character to our religion We need it for the conversion of man) ungodly that are among us there is a large number who neglect the means of grace, who live without personal concern in the great salvation, who, free from restraints, go deeper into sin than they would do at home There are thousands in this city who habitually forsake the assembling of themselves together for the worship of God Engaged in business during the week days, they use the sacred day of rest for pleasure. According to the Census and the Statistical Register, there are only a fourth of the population of Sydney and suburbs in attendance upon the means of grace- only 25,000 out of a population of well nigh 100,000 There are not 20,000 represented as attending Protestant places of worship At the normal calculation, there ought to be 50 per cent, in church . there are now only 25 per cent There remains, therefore, well nigh a half of the people who are living without God An island of the sea with as many devoid of religion would call forth the commiseration and zeal of the Church A shipload of immigrants in danger would arouse the sympathy and efforts of men And shall not those imperilled souls around us meet our hearts and lead us to tell them of the Saviour The same evil exists in the country districts, where many have been long living without God, and for whose souls no man has cared For the conversion of the ungodly let us pray and Breach Let this be a great feature in our ministry. Let us act as ambassadors of Christ, " as though God did beseech men by us, let us pray then in Christ's stead , be ye reconciled to God ' Hear what Richard Baxter says of this " Methinks BB Paul s spirit was stirred within him when he saw the Athenians wholly given to idolatry, so it should cast us into one of his paroxysms to see so many men in the greatest danger of being everlastingly undone Mo thinks if by faith we did indeed look upon them as within a step of hell it would more effectually unite our tongues than CrosuB's danger did his son's, He that will let a cannot go down to hell for want of speaking to him doth set less by souls than did the Redeemer of souls, and loss by his neighbours than common charity will allow him to do by his greatest enemy O therefore, brethren, whomsoever you neglect, neglect not the most miserable ' Whomsoever you pass over, forget not poor souls that are under the condemnation and curse of the law, and who may look every hour for the infernal execution, if a speedy change do not prevent it O call after the impenitent, and ply this great work of converting souls, whatever else you leave undone '' These are weighty words, fathers and brethren, and call us to this work preaching to the unregenerate We need the revival of spiritual life among our people it is at present of too low and feeble a type. A time of refreshing would give a higher spiritual life to Christian people It would raise the tone of Piety and develop in all their liveliness and activity the graces of Christian character. It would be like a second conversion-and a great spiritual enlargement. It would enhance our interest in the means of grace, in the exercise of prayer, and devout meditation. It would keep us happy in the renewed sense of Divine forgiveness, and in the consciousness of the love of God by the indwelling of the Holy Ghost It would elevate our views, expand our hopes, and give a fairer character to our Christian profession. Fathers and brethren, let us aim at this, and seek to cultivate a higher Christian life among our people Let us set Christ before them On the model of their life as well as their Saviour-that by beholding Him they may be changed into the same image from glory to glory as by the Spirit of the Lord, " Like the station garment, whiten in the sun Grow pure by being purely shone upon." Revived evangelical life will develop evangelistic enterprise The experience of a high evangelical life is the great school for producing noble illustrations of Christian character, in the exercise of all the beautiful and benevolent graces with which God's spirit can endow it. It draws forth the missionary energies of the Church. It has always done so in proportion to attainment and experience of the grace of God. The more intense the evangelical sentiment, so has been the evangelistic spirit. The saved think immediately of the imperilled. The slave who has tasted the air of freedom, longs for his enslaved fellows to be free. The healed commend the calm that has restored their health. So the eye of a sinner, delivered from the curse of, looks with great compassion on the world lying in the wicked one, and his looBened tongue tells of redeeming love. The fuller joy experienced in a renewal of spiritual life leads to enlarged effort to extend the Gospel. In the Church's youth, when its views were bright and its love fervent, a missionary spirit breathed through all the brethren. So has it been over since. The evangelical revival of the early part of this century pressed all our great missionary societies into being. Carey and Morrison, Moffat and Williams, Martin and Duff, all came forth from the Pentecost of that period, A revived life in the American Church has sent its missionaries everywhere preaching the Word. It would do so in Australia, and among ourselves. It would display in clearer light the great Providence of God in bringing Anglo-Saxon Christianity to this southern land, that we might be heralds of the Cross in the Islands of the vast Pacific, and it may be in the million-peopled cities of China. We have great facilities. We have the Word of God provided in so many of the tongues of men, We have the printing-press, We have a mercantile marine that arouses all seas, and we have missionary ships that can carry missionaries of the Cross to their scenes of labour. We have a British flag that ensures protection and respect to our missionaries all over the world. We have the means to sustain labourers in the high places of the heathen field. We have the promise of the Holy Ghost to bless the Word of his Holy Gospel. But we want the revived piety to call forth the men to be our own Evangelists. " God be merciful to us and bless us, and cause His face to shine upon us, that Thy way may be known in the earth, Thy saving health among all nations." Amen. 