Town Talk and Table Ghat. The next series of Penny Readings in tbe hall of the Mechanics' Institute, will be given there to-morrow evening. The programme is a very attractive one, well varied, containing not only reading, but recitation, and vocal and instrumental music. Amongst the latter it would only be necessary to mention two pieces to secure an audience, viz., bassoon solo by Mr. oiggs, ana cornet saio Dy Mr. vv. uonins. The pieces selected for reading are, on the whole, very suitable. In a late number of the Leisure Hour, there is an article on penny readings, in which tbe writer, from experience, gives the following advioe in regard to the selection of the programmes : —'Grave and didactic picses should be sparingly used, abstruse matters avoided altogether, aud touching and pathetio ditties should be administered in small quantities, and never, save by those capable of doing them jastice. In ail compositions read before a mixed audience, the dramatio element contrasted with the didactic should be chosen. Let it be remembered, that the object is to amuse rather than instruct.' We have received from tbe Messrs. Walch last week's number of ' The Aus tralian Journal.' The illustrations con sist ot a view ot Mount liaw raw, Uipps Land, and the Marriage Cere'tnony inter rupted,in that interesting tale ' The wreck of the Atalanta,' which is to be continued. J A Life History ; or a glimpse of Victoria ' is ilso continued and to be continued. A stormy tale ' Life in tbe Far North ' ' Hannah Fanthom's first love ' and a Reminiscence, by tt. Wilson, are all com pleted in this number which also contains the conclusion of ' The Monomaniac's tale of tbe lost treasure ' forming the first part of the Australian Night's Entertainment, by William Carleton, junr. These metri cal tales are anything but an acquisition! to the Australian Journal. Any one ofl the elder Carleton's prose tales descriptive! of the Irish as they are or were iu j,igl early days, is still worth all that his son I baa written or is ever likely to write in I maudlin erratic rhyme. I Visitors to the Gardens in Prince's I Square, and persons passing through arn yery much inconvenienced in wet weather by a pool of water which collects inside tbe north-eastern gate. Those outside may avoid it bypassing round the square but those who have come through from' the opposite gate, are in a manner com pelled to walk through tbe water, for it requires a vigorous leap to clear it. Half a load of gravel would remedy the evil. A conversazioni in aid of a fund for painting the school-room of tho Congre gational Church, Prince's Square, will be given this eveuing, commencing at i naat 7 o'clock, when the Revd W. Law will deliver an opening address ; after which the following will be tho programme ?— Pianoforte duet, Home Sweet Rum., song, Yesterday ; reading, Nothing to Wears vocal duet. Sweet Sister Fay reading, All's well tbat ends well and' Marys Ghost j song, The Last Roso of Summer! reading, The Tithepigj 80ag Come into the garden Maud ; overture! Tancredi— violin and piano ; song, Paddle your own canoe ; reading. Mrs Urown at Mellon s concert ; song, Nil Desperandum, Admission, one shilling. The Hobart Town Mail was an bonr late in arriving here yesterday morning, in consequence of an accident which occurred at half- past one o'clock between Antill Ponds audOatlands, just where the down mail met it. The road is rather narrow for some miles there, and the coachman drew to the near side, when the coach felt quite over. Mrs. J. and Miss Field were the only passengers, and although much alarmed they were not hurt; A similar accident occurred at the same place some time back. A messenger was sent to Mr. Barwick's residence, and he and his men came very willingly and assisted the guards and drivers of the mails to place tbe] up mail again on its wheels. 