DISTRICT NEWS. [FROM OUR VARIOUS CORRESPONDENTS. ] SINGLETON. MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. The usual meeting of this counCil was held in the Town Hall on Wednesday evening, 16th instant, Present-Aldermen Kingston (acting Mayor), Williams, Moore, Coughlan, Cullen, and Hewitt. The minutes of the previous meeting were read, confirmed, and signed. CORRESPONDENCE.-The Town Clerk read a letter from the Town Oltrk of West Maitland, in reply to a oommq nioation from the Town Surveyor of Singleton, stating that the ooat of water oarts made at the instance of the. Maitland Municipality was about £20 each, and offering, on behalf of that Mnnioipal Oounoil, a good oart, fittings, &a;" oomplete (250 gallons), for the sum of £10. REPORTS-FINANCE.-The Aoting Mayor brought up report of the Snanoe committee, stating that the accounts referred to that committee by resolution of Oounoil, 2nd Ootober, had been duly investigated, and payment thereof sanctioned. On the motion of the Chairman, seoonded by Alderman Moore, the report of the finance committee was adopted. Tow» SUBVBTOR'S REPORT.-The following report was read by the Town Clerk, dited 16th Ootober:-! beg" to submit the following report of progress of works sinoe^y last :-The approsroh to the ford has been oompleted, apd the contractor for the handrail has oommenced his work. The kereing and gntteiing of George-street is finished to o.mpheíj and Cambridge streets, and the contract from Campbell tu Bi¡«»hetb street has oommenced. The ?oontraotor for fenomg the towu ««.»moa has oommenced the east and weBt boundary lines. In oonneotion with these twolinesitwillbeneoessarytoereotagatenpon each, wWe the road from Scott's Flat is intersected by them. The two letter pillars applied forby the Council have been plaoed in the positions direoted. The oontraotor for the Bnpply of ridge gravel hat completed his work. A portion of the gravel 1 bad to stack in an allotment off George-street, as the road- way in George-street WBB not in a proper oondition to reoeive it.-On the motion of Alderman Williams, seoonded by Aldoiman Hewitt, the report of the Town Surveyor WBB adopted. ACCOUNTS -Sundry small aoconnts for goodB supplied and work done, weie laid npon the table by the Town Clerk. These, on the motion of Alderman Williams, seoonded by Alderman Coughlan, were referred to the linanoe committee. Nonas or MOTION.-Alderman Coughlan gave notioo to move at next meoting of Oounoil, "That the town clerk be instructed to lay before this Council a return showing the attendance of members at the regular meet- ings and oommittee meetings in oonneotion with this Council." ADJOURNMENT.-On the motion of Alderman Coughlan, seconded by Alderman Hewitt, the Oounoil was adjourned to Wednesday, 13th November, at eight p.m. SINGLETON AMATEUR MINSTRELS.-After an absence from the stage, extending over some months, this favorite company again appeared before the public on Wednesday evening, in the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute. The entertainment was in aid of that excellent local charity, the Singleton and Patrick's Plains Bene- volent Sooiety, and throughout was most successful, both as regards the performance and its pecuniary results. The hall being well filled in all parts, something like £20 was realised by the entertainment. RELIGIOUS -Our Wesleyan friends are now making strong efforts to raise funds for the purpose of building a parsonage in oonnection with that denomination in Single ton. A tea meeting for that purpose took place on Tues day evening, in the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute, the tea and oakes, &c;, having been kindly provided by the ladies belonging to the congregation. About 120 persons sat down to tea, including several visitors from Maitland and elsewhere. After the tea meeting a public meeting took place, James Glass, Esq., having been moved into the chair. The meeting was addressed by the Rev. Mr. Nolan, Rev. Mr. Chapman, of West Mait land; and Mr. Orsley, of Branxton. A oollection having been entered into, a sum exceeding £70 was realized at the meeting, including the tickets sold for the tea meeting. -A neat and commodious slab chapel, capable of accom- modating from 250 lo 300 worshippers, has reoently been erected by the Wesleyan body at Westbrook, on land kindly presented by Mr. John Graham, of Spottiswood We leam that eervioe will be held there regularly overy fortnight.-The Right Reverend Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, left Singleton in the beginning of this week, in company with the Rev. J. T. Leonard, on a tour through his extonsive diooese, and it is expeoted that the right reverend prelate will be absent from Maitland for several weeks. The Rev. Father O'Oarroll, one of the priests who reoently arrived from Europe, is now stationed permanently at the Roman Oatholio Presbytery here, and will ofiloiate during the »bsenoe of the Rev. J. T. Leonard. THB ROADS TO WESTBROOK, REEDT OBEKK AND UPPER PATBBSON.-A meeting of residents of Westbrook, Glen- don Brook, Reedy Creek and neighbourhood took plaoe reoently at Mr. Clark's sohool, at Westbrook, for the pur- pose of taking steps to petition the Minister for Lands to get the roads from Singleton to Westbrook, Reedy Creek, and Upper Paterson, whioh have been surveyed and eon firmed for a considerable time past, finally opened, with- out any further delay. There was a very fair atten- dance, and a petition to the Minister was drawn up and agreed upon. There is now considerable trafilo in the direotion of the placea above mentioned, on acoount of the numerous settlers in that neighbourhood, principally free selectors. A good road to the Upper Paterson, termi- nating somewhere near Gresford, is also very muoh I required, and the rosidents of the Upper Paterson should oo-operate to get a good rosd to Singleton, I as it will be of muoh aonvenlenos to them, as well as the residents on the Williams, it being the nearest road for them to prooeed with their teams up the oountry. We trust the parties interested will not rest until they obtain a grant from the Government for the repair of these muoh frequented roads. The road from Singleton to Gresford on aooount of its importance, is fully en- titled to be olaased as a third-olass parish road, or an expenditure of £15 per mile, and the other roads »t least as fitth'olasa roads, or £7 per mile. LECTURE ON GHOSTS -The Rev. J. A. Nolan has con- sented at the solicitation of several friends who were nnable to bo present at the recent eioellent leotnre on Ghosts delivered by that gentleman in the Meohanlos' Institute, to repeat the same at an early date. The prooeeds ot the leoture will most probably be devoted In aid of the Wesleyan Parsonage Singleton, 17th Ootober, 1867. 