Wi2 PAUSE EOE A JLIEPLY. The trial gallop of the Iron Horso, prepara tory to the cry of " oft'," is no doubt a proud moment iu tho life of the Chief .Tockoy of each 1\ ail way Department, and tlio little can tor up the liue yesterday shewed, it must be admitted, a deal of metal in moro ways than one — but wo are really curious to know upon what calculation our Government base their ability to liquidate tho millions they liase bor rowed for their famous railway scheme- That they consider the North is ilyiug from the phantom of Insolvency we cannot doubt, since they shew their conviction of tho success of their policy, and their determination to carry jfc out to tho letier. The way in which the memorial of tho country for tho speedy reas sembling of tho House was ignored, and the Parliament further prorogued, spoke at all events for the sincerity ot their convictions, which may not improbably bo slightly iullu- enced by a determination to relinquish their grasp of that power of patronage which is sometimes one of the greatest sweets of office. "We liavo turned the railway question rouud and round — looked at it from ovcry point of view — and the more we do so the more incom prehensible and ugly it seem to us — not how it is to pay — but how wo are to prevent its consequences overwhelming ub likean avalaueh. Though quite aware that the construction of railways benelits population, that it virtually concentrates intelligence, that it focuses trade and commerce by facili tating communication — by bringing men toge ther and annihilating space, still there are instances where it may do so at too great a cost, and the advantages it is supposed to con fer arc hardly in proportion to the strain uiado upon tho resources of the country. It is not difficult to understand how railways pay in thickly populated countries, for they do pay in spite of the nominal per centage at which the low prices of shares are quoted, but then t-hcy pay indirectly, and through tho thousand channels of this world's almost incalculable industries. Commorco in the present day lives upon the rail, and fructilics with rapidity, bringing men into rapid communication with each other — transactions of every kind are speedily completed and as speedily resumed — and are multiplied by tho power of steam to such an cxtont that the world suddenly gets rich hardly knowing how, Wo have only to look at the internal prosperity of king doms in Europe and the continent of America, to shew the rate at which they lmvo progressed during the last thirty years ; and that progress wo undoubtedly attribute to tho rail. In the old world it facilitates, we uro told, cul ture, improves markets, and contributes mainly to the advance of civilisation — that it is one of the grcntest instruments by which wealth is increased and universal prosperity promoted. While admitting that though the railways of England cost some £000,000,000, And that upon the whole amount of capital laid out not two per cent, litis bcon retjirned to tho shareholders, wo cannot help seeing that tho condition of thoso countries in which railroads prevail, are remarkable for their wealtii and stoady advancement. It is ap parent, therefore, that railways are tho great promoters of trade, and that though tho ac tual rail or carriage traffic returns but a small profit, it is reproductive, in so for as it contributes to the rapid development of the world's business. Homo Statistics show a steady iucroase in all sorts of commercial enterpriso for tho ast tivc- aud-twenty yoars. But it must bo remem bered that the ratio of tho progress of Euro pean railways is almost wholly regulated by population. For instance, England transports on her linen upon an averago of one hundred and forly millions of passengers, and some thing like ninety millions of tons of goods per nnuum, a very considerable portion of which latter carriage is composed of minerals raised by tho labor of tho country, assisted by machi nery, and is said to equal tho amount of work that would othorwise require lour hundred millions of men to perform. Therefore, if our railways are to bo reproductive, and thoy can pjily he so indirectly, how necessary is it that 1 immigration should ho resumed without dolay, tho whole efforts and strongth of tho Government should bo concontrated oil this dcsirablo object. Our mistake hns boon in not first getting a populatiou and then getting our railways. Tho ino'noy now sunk, and which must lio unproductive unless somo miraclo turns tho tide of humanity to onr shoros, would have sufficed to. havo quadrupled our population, and tho country would now bo rcapiug a per ccntago on tho investment which tho rail can never return for tho. next half century. AVo havo neither tho trn flic in goods nor tho traffic in pcoplo, and it is only mis leading tho public by oxpatiating 011 tho bono- fits that are to acoruo to tlio country by lines opening largo agricultural areas for the i'armor. AVo maintain, that with thooxcoption of alow l'avorod spots, that neither our soil nor climato is favorable to agriculture. AVo have only to look to Southern Queensland, whoro the sea sons avo moro regular, tlio soil incomparably richer than ours, and whoro farming has been the revcrso of a success, to see the ab surdity of talking about our Northern lino, or indeed any lino, opening up agricultural districts to such an extent that thoy can cvor becomo auxiliary in tlio way of feeding our railway. A11 improved system of immigration alono can savo us, aud if tho Government throws its whole strength into tho scheme, wo may bo slowly, but surely emancipated, in time from tlio terrible pressure tho railway expenditure is likoly to oxcrcise upon tho na tional pitrso strings lor years tocomo. Tho fact is, weave taxcdlor posterity, aud, as tho Herald very justly rcmnrks, " It is not fair that the present hour should bo burdened with labors which arc for all time, or that tlio convenience of the present time should be en tirely denied because it may impose a charge upoii a J'uturo period, when probably it will be light iu comparison with the benefit in herited," 51ns. Kick's Benefit. — For soino vory considerable limepastithusfallon into tho lunula of 5Ir.und5rrs. Rico utmost exclusively, to provido for tlio amusement of tlio tovrn, and wo feel autiafioil wo need not nppenl to the public to ascertain their appreciation of tlio exertions made by these accomplished artistes, to pro vide a succession of onlertainmonts, which for novelty and interest, lmvo rarely been equalled or urpasscd in any country town, cither in or out of tho colonics. Basing her clnims to public support upon theso prcmisos, 1 ml preparatory to bo1' departure for 5trlbom-no to-morrow morning, 5Irs Rico announcos to her friends and the public that sho takes her benefit this evening, at tho School of Arts, upon which occasion wo hope, to sec her merit s acknow ledged by a bumper house. The programme is na usual tempting, perhaps more so than ordinary for this night, as it seems to embrace everything, and to con tain matter, to suit, all tnsls. Wo havo sceii Sirs, Itico cxceil in a very extensive range of character, in fact her powers of versatility are unusually great, a sine qua non with an actress, whoa she hns to bo "everything by turns, and nothing long." To-night's programme shews horin every piu- toflheperfornuincothespiritol'lho scene, and wo trust that the public will support lim ns sho deserves, and send her to Victoria so satisfied that her sojourn there may be a short 011c. Sho is incomparably, the most useful niul ublo comedienne wo havo yet had resident amongst us, and we should keep l.ior here. Till! Cornstalk, — Tu spile of a hitch or two, things which are unavoidable on the first night of a now pluy, Susan Jloplvg, is tho best thing that wc have seen at the Cornstalk. We do not speak of the Drama itself, bu of the general acting and of the manner in which it was placed upon tho Bingo. All hough the characters are very numerous, there was an evenness and a dove- tailing, if we may say so, in the action, and nil earnestness 011 tho purls of the dramatis -persona, which uro so absolu'cly necessary to keep up scenic delusion, tuul to secure (ho attention and sym pathy of 1111 audience. The vision scene was capitally managed, and tlio delusion perfect, and duly appreciated. Susan Jlopleg is especially suited to ilrs. Rieo ; her voice is more tuned for gent le pathos than for tragic declamation, and yet durin" the vision scene, and when the ghost of her brother appears to her in licr dreams, the burst of passion which suc ceeded the former soft pluintiveness was well rendered and very cll'cclivo. 51r. Rice, who cannot munago, any how, to net badly, looked and ployed Jeremy in good stylo, and we thought it n groat pity that he was not rewarded with tho bund of Mrs. Dobbs, who, in the person of Mrs. Hi ley, was quite "taking," spite of tlio spectacles. William was well noted by 5rv. Yentier, anil several rounds of applause showed that his painstaking, gentlemanly, and careful reading, together with his never ovcrslaincd action, told well, and proved that buislcrousucss and "teni-in" passions to tatters," arc far from being necessary to procure I ho " hands" of the unlettered mid tho praise of the judicious. "Bo not too lame neither." Tliero are times and seasons whoa " bursts" (as for example in the vision seme in this drama) are absolutely need ful to produce clleut and point, anil we hint to 5tr. Yentier that tho lover is, generally speaking, in real life, tho most wayward and tcmpestous fellow in tho universe, and will even, when alone, break out into apostrophes, especially when tho moon is at the full which would hardly bo thought too cxtravugant, for a Bedlamite. .Mr. Riley, ns Dicky Venn, was good, and jwo liavo seldom seen him to better advantage (nor Spriygins cither) ; lie understood his part and plagt-d ifc (so did Spriygins), and we do not think wo cun pay tlicm a higher compliment. 5Ir. Mucaree, ns Gavcslon , was an out, and out villain, and wo do not know whether ho will tako it ns crodit- ablo to him or- not, but he looked, ns well as acted the rascal, who could plan and carry out orimos, without having tho plitek to look at the gallows stead fastly in tho liico, and this is wlint tlio author meant. 51r. Howard is an old stager, and know how to make tho best of bis character of It cut a r don, but somehow or another our recollect ion of " tho Baillio'" was upper most in our mind, " an', ma conscience," wo could not lissoeinto tho sttmo aotor with that facetious personago, und tho atrocious wretch Jiemardon. Fanny Went- world and Gimp were well played by Sirs, King and Stiss Evans, the latter lady wo should udviso to study such parts as chambermaids j sho lias a remarkably glib way of speaking which would tell admirably. Tlio liouso was crowded, thuro was uot 1111 inch of room, tospnro nnd onrmjght liavo heard n pin dropdui-ing the notion of tho play. Ifcrr llecko was 011 liis mettle lust night, and played tho cornct-a- piston ud numbly, which ho can do at nil times when ho plcnscs. Whose Dog Abe You ? — When will tho polico ask this question, and clear tho highways and byo-ways of the myriads of by bred brutes that infest tlio licels of tho public, Night nnd day people's lives, particularly equestrians, are endangered by tho rush of some per son's cross-bred beast at their horses hcols, After nightfall the distant trend of (ho horsoman is tho signal for all tho dogs in tho neighbourhood to lio in wait, ready to attack tlio unsuspecting trnvollor, who is suddenly rousod from liis rovcrio by a chiu-go of howlers, and, ns is often tlio enso, half unseated by his horso's sudden swerve from tho attaek. In Hoburton, those persons who nilow tlioir dogs to stray iu the streets, are lined £5, or got three months! A most righteous law too. AVo ask by what right is a man entitled to keep any animal to annoy the public? The streets belong to the people who pay for them, nnd not to dogs j and we uiuiutum Unit the authorities should tnko tho mailer in hand, and stop tlio liujsanco at once. Bogs havo 110 moro right to assault tlio public than a drunken man has, and wo would remind our readers Unit a by 110 means insignificant sum could be collected from a tux upon dogs. Poi.loe Coun-r. Yesterday morning, to our extreme surprise, unci wo mny add to our gratification, tliero 'was not one ease ol drunkenness, nnd onlv 0110 for (lis orderly conduct, brought beforo tlio Bench. This shows, at any rate, that 0111- folkB can enjoy a holiday without committing excesses, and that recreation anil amuscmciiL nro not- incompatible with good order antl public peace. " 5fr.Ni! Tekkl."— "Tho Washington organ of fro Bidont Johnson deolaros that if tho Radical majority in Congress continues thoir trciuoimblo eourso, the Executive Govoi-nmont will arm its supporters." This sounds in onr ears like tho tone of tho bell afar off— a warning of firo und disaster. That America lias to undorgo tho mighty revolution, which like an onrtli- quake will shatter her present disorganised, yet wonder fully powerful body into particles, cannot bo doubted. That she can psenpo the fate common to all nations from time memorialed, no 0110 who is a reader of his tory nnd a studiei- of tho struggles of men to 'reach iighi out of chaotic darkness, can for an instant suppose. Tlint before long tlio mighty modern roptibl' 0 will fall apart, and that kingdoms, ouch with its distinoliro boundnrios, with its internal and forei ;n policies, its civil and outer wnrs, will spring up from ouch lingo frngmo-it, 110 thinking man, who stands aloof calmly and dispassionately, will deny. It was a mighty problem to solve, that of a republican form of govern ment lotimlcd by men in n highly civilised stale, who were oll'slioots from a century's old monarchy. It was a ball le (0 be fought between modoi-n ideas nnd tho fucts of tho pnst. A signal alone is wanted, and there is every prognostia that that sigunl will beforo long sound through tlio length nnd breadth of 11 great con tinent, inhabilod by a peoplo who, nearly wearied of self-tyraimy, yearn for something nobler nnd boltor. Tlio cloud, 110 bigger than a nam's baud, nlrcady darkens upon tlio horizon. Tho " Menu IckcV' barns from tho walls of republicanism. Tlio straggle is inevitable — tlio issuo not doubtful. Let the genius of demooraev wnlch und wait, beforo it takes one niovo strido forward. A Race AVorth Seeing. — About two o'clock 011 Monday a party of ladies and gunllcmon belooli U10111- Bclvcs lo tho beaeli 011 Curtis Island I'm- tlio pin-pose of testing the respective merits of the several Alnliialas present, nil of whom, though there was 110 golden apple lo run for, were prepared, like Camilla, to "scour tho plain." As tho ladies drew up in a lino it; was difficult to name tho winner, such was Iho variety of blood, bono, and beauty. Hvcn tho most knowing were puzzled and confessed themselves out. The coup d'tvil was grand— Ilia pave of ouch competitor superb, as she slood crinoline in hand, ebaussed a ravie, ready for tho start. The handkerchief fulls ; tlioro is 1111 im- mcdialo rustling of silk, ns if a covey of partridges had l-isen, and tho whole bevy are oil', led at a gallant paco by a lady from Noi-lh Ruekhnmptou, who, (hough more solid Hum tho Venus of Titian, skimmed over the ground with the same lightness sho docs over tho ball room, kept Iho lead, in spite of all the cilbrts of a fine bib of Leichhuvdt. stuff and a likely-looking lllly of the Kirk's breed. The race was most cxeiling, tlio ladies, like the ono in tho Soldier's Tear, " 1 Folding aloft their snowy things, which llutlored in Iho breeze, nnd displaying an amount of agility and wind tlint was truly wondcrlul. Tlio distance was ISO ynvds, and so far ns wo could time it, accomplished within two minutes by the winner without turning a hair— of her chignon. While tho second place was stonily lunintuinod by another lady, who like her own dinners though " done to a turn," had st ill breadth enough left in her to cover tho ground again, ami keep the thing going with spirit. Easter Monday. — All ihc world and his wi le wero out on 5louday — cvory man, wouuui, and child in sisted 011 amusement, and the town by two o'clock was completely deserted. At an early hour crowds of ex cursionists wondod their way to the steamer Clarence, bound for Curtis Island, while others ooatlered them selves 011 pic- iiics and olhor mmisoments all about. Strange lo say 110 accident occurred, snvo to 0110 of the crew in tlio boat which was lowered for the purpose of carrying 5Ir. and Sirs. Tliozel 011 slio.10 somo miles down tho rivor. It appears ono of the davit hooks got loose, and tho boat swinging by tho head assumed a perpendicular position, precipitating tho man into the water, and, although a life buoy wns Hung to liiui, lie was rescued with considerable diffi culty. The Clarence, sympathising with the song of " AVo wont go homo lilt morning," did not discharge her freight before two o'clock a.m., alier which tho town received a general serenade, as the ill rents of tho excursionists hud got lo n pitch of harmony, I lu re was no restraining. Tims, " Old John Brown, ns wo went inarching along," "Annie Laurie," with extraordinary variations, followed by snatches from " Norma," and tho " Kalcaehor'a Daughter," floated in the night brcczo, tlio oll'ect of which can be more easily conceived than desevibed. One excuvsiomst persisted iu ham mering a post iu front or tho Union Bank, and ill pugilistic altitude, insisting upon squ-irring up his account. Another insisted upon 1) No. 11: 1st division, being "liis own Mury Ann," wliilo it he balance sought (heir homes much in the sntno gait that a lly w.ddlcs out of a cream ewer, or over a pot of butler. It is lo bo rrgrollcd Unit tho people of Roekhamplon do not oftener avail themselves of the opportunities oll'ere.l by the A.S.N. Company to refresh themselves, and lake u blow down tlio river in the siunmoi- months. AVo look upon these excursions ns absolutely necessary for one's health, and we feel satisfied that it' theso rational enjoyments wero more patronized, that our doctor's would soon hare to seek some more favorable field for practice, 111 n elimale such ns this, change is a necessity, and if tlio peoplo ill Rockhamptou would only coiitrivo to shake oil' the vis incriitc, or tho " Oh 1 1 can't bo bothered," kind of feeling that keeps them at home, we should havo less pallid complexions, and double the appetite, Church of Knot, and. — On Sunday last divine service was held at North Roekhiimpton, by the Rev. J. IC. Black, in a small store belonging to Mr. William Laws, previous to which a Sunday School was held in tho room nnd conducted by 5lr. llulyburton, a gentle man in every way qualified for tho task lio has so kindly undertaken. The children (ten in number) all ended punctually at the hour appointed, and seem- ingly paid much attention lo tlio instructions given. The "adult congregation consisted of live persons only, but we have no doubt when it becomes more generally known amongst tho North Sido peoplo that service for somo l.mo lo como is to be regularly hold nt tho ubovo pi, ice, tho congregation will be move numerous. Tilt! Titon-lna 5Lvrcii. — A match for £50 aside for three miles, round the Racecourse, came oil' on Mon- dny lust, between 5tr. Archibald's black mare Emu and 5lr. 5leDermott's bay horse Brisbane. Tlio two horses got away well together, but shortly after the stavt'someonociilled out al'also start, which induced 5Fr. McDormolt lo partially pull up, while Archibald kept on liis way, by which ho increased his distance by about 100 yards. Upon tlio bay again making play, a horseman crossed bis path I wo or three times, causing him to break, pull up, and turn round, which com pletely throw him out of tho race. Tho mtu-o was ridden tho whole way hard held, and evidently had tho foot of licr antagonist, whom sho nearly distanced. A protest was entered after tlio l-iieo by Mr. McDcr- mott, who bnscd his complaint upon tho suspicion of pscmiditatcd collusion and that liis horso wns crossed, which, of course, requires substantiating. AVo think, lion-over, that 110 such objections, however -valid, could weigh -with tiio stakeholder, us 5Ir. 5IcDcrmolt dismounted beforo I10 reached tho winning post, nnd thus disqualified himself. Tlio race between Qunvtpot and nnothor horse was badly l-iddoti ; tho jockey of Qunvtpot pumped him out before ho got half round the course, hud he waited, tho rnco would havo been a gift. A Sly Dodoh. — There are somo people in this town of ours, who appear to havo an idea 1 hut to do any thing " sly" is gaining a grcut point, without thinking, nt tho timo, whether they are likely to ineoavonieneo or annoy thoso 011 whom they play tlioir very practical jokes, by abstracting " deeds," " destroying papers" — both deeds which liavo names. "Lis only a short timo since, that his Honor Judgo Innos, sentenced a " Sly" thiol' to 11 term of imprisonment for taking what, wasn't liis'n, and wo think a little of the snmo dose ad ministered to ono of liis cliquo. who bus bcon making far too busy iu tho " midnight hour," would do liiui a vast deal ol' good. During tho linstorfestivities when business was out upon a holiduy, somo blackguard, or mny bo black guards, managed to oll'eet nn entraneo into tho office of 51r. Joseph Brigiu-li, of Qnny-strcct, and lo abstract therefrom a pnveol of dcoda, useless except to tho owner. Not coutont with this, I10 or they, opened a number of tin boxes, disarranged tlio eontonts, and strewed pnpors in " most ndn: ired con fusion" over the ground, seeking no doubt for that, which in tho search, has conducted many a pretty fellow to tho gallows — viz., round pieces of yellow metal with her Majesty's likeness 011 ono sido niul a coat of arms on tlio oilier. As a vale Mr. BrignoU's premises wero closed and secured every evening after tho day's busi ness was over, the only portion left open being the fan light, which, it was presumed, no ndvanturous night errant would dare lo attempt to eroop through. AVo do not wish to find any fault with our police, for tho general state of tho town proves that thoy perform their duties admirably, but, wo think it a pity they should allow thoso who have uoithev a " local liubilntion 1101- a name," to make a species of a vagabonds meeting house of tho old officers of tho Q. S. N. Company. There, nil nmnnors of queer looking, and suspicious objects mny ho seen during tlio grcut and bi\iii11 hours, not " dreaming thq happy hours away," but simply killing time, unt il dnrknoSB or importunity calls them forth lo prowl about in sen roll of what tlioy may devour. A\ro arc a peaceable and hard working community, aud ilescrro protection, anil wo will say, got it, wo tliorcforo hopo that tho polico will soon give an account of tlio burglar or burglars ubovo rofori'od to, and bring tlioin to book. Thoso that nro so desirous ol following tlio bad examples, and emulating the prowess of their friend, now in prison, by onnoting " Sly Deeds," may probably find tliom- selves very shortly sharing his lute, within four brick walls, onjoying alt tlio luxuries of " chains and slavery. A.v American's View of Fenianis.m.-- AVo asked an intelligent American gentleman, who wus hero 011 u Hying visit somo low days since, what wns his opinion of Fcniunism ? It is, was his reply, ono monstrous swindle from beginning to end — one huge lie. It was set 011 foot by iv low clover ndrenlurcrs, who had every thing lo gain and nothing to loso. Stephens has hid den himself, I10 has filled his poekols, and when the other lenders, who know where ho is, lmvo done the same thing, they will follow liis examplo. As these disappear, others will rise up, and this will continue until ovcry Irishman's pookiit is as dry as hay, and when that takes place, you will see that there will bo 11 decided difficulty in oblnitiing Head Conlres, AVho is Swoonoy? Ho \v|is a lieutenant in tho American army, nnd had lost an arm in tlio Into hurst, nnd was ignomiaously brokun for having attended a midnight meeting of Fenians without lonvo. Tho poor devil hudii't a dollar iu his pocket, aud his stomach began to got uncomfortably ompty, so ho throw himself, ncclc or nothing, into i I\o movement. Anolhor mouth ho will vanish. As for Amoriea sho never niado 11110 of tlio movement in any way, she quietly laughed nt it, aud allowed a vast deal of gas to csenpo which might havo buvst out in nnothor direction. It will do tho Irish a great deal of harm in America, tho government find that thoru is 11 largo body of very inflammable matter in Iho midst of Iho community, which a very slight spark will set iu a blaze. These orators collect a lot of poor beggars tocctbor, and talk so much about tlio Green Isle, and Strongbow, and Dnn O'G'omiell, and limmetl, and English brutality, oppression and vil lainy, Hint ovcry mother's son of them would, nt. Iho moment, murder his own grandmother if sho had a drop of Saxon blood iu her veins. Ireland will bathe sulfcrcr, mid licr people are nil fools uot to luiro found long beforo this, Unit a few scoundrels are imposing upon millions of easily oxeited 111011, for thu sake of the dollars. There are now in America 2511,000 Irishmen wilh anus ; 75,000 havo been soon together. What itso are thoy ? They cannot lie handled — thoy are all poor — aud there's not enough money in tho cullers of tho liend Centre lo pay for a day's rations. AVlmt will bccomo of them ? Is a quest ion America is about ask ing, and if sho doesn't tako care sho will havo some practical difficulty m-iso out of this villainous bubble. As our American friend was about leaving us, ho turned back, and said, 'J You will never do good here until yon havo butler government and better laud regulations, tlio lutloi' now are quitocnougli to slop all progress. By- the-bye, I'm not quile sure the Jesuits lmvo not had something to do with this Fenian afi'air — its more than likely — they like setting lira to the lieihor." 1'uff v. Wit.—' Arcrdiet for tho luttci with costs. — " A witty Hibernian, just arrived in London, nnd wandering about, porcoivod a blanket ut a shop door, with tills inscription 011 it — " This superior blanket for half-price." But walked in and demanded how much." " Just 5s. j" replied Iho smooth and polished shop keeper. "By my sowl, nnd that's uhnpo' enough!" and so, folding tlio blanket, mid putting it. under liis arm, ha laid down 2s. (id. and wns walking olf. 'The shop keeper intercepted him, aud demanded the other 2s. (id. " Didn't you say. yon spalpeen, tint tlio price of tho blanket, was 5s., and sure, haven't I given you the half of it? lly this nnd that, 1 won't givo up my bargain." A scnlllo ensued, and Tat was taken to llow-streol, but when there lio pleaded liis cause so well that the magistral 0 dismissed the complaint, and advised the shopkeeper novel- again lo ticket his goods wilh " half-price." When was an Irishman ever at a loss how to get into a scrape nnd oat of one ? A friend of ours, upon his (irst visit to Ireland, was ex ceedingly desirous to see the public buildings, ' for Dublin's a beautiful city." It happened to bo wet weather, he therefore engaged a ear, and with umbrella over head, started on his expedition, requesting Darby to drive slowly. lOvei-y time our traveller enme to a building out of lliu common, he asked liis Jehu what it was, and generally received very satisfactory answers. At last Ihey faced a lino structure. "What's thai. Darby, my boy? "That, yer honor; is it that? " Yes, Darby." "That, yer honor, that's tho corn exchange." " And what are those figures on tho top ? " Thcni figures is it yer honor lnaues ? Them — nnd hero Darby scratched his bond, pushing liis ragged lint a little more 011 ono side than beforo. " Tlicm figures — well, them's tho twelve Apostles." Twelve, returned our friend, "why there nro but J'nitr." "Four yer honor — well, and faith would yer honor have had all twilvu como out such a wet day ns this ? Thirn four's moimtins sentry." Our friend was perfectly satisfied. Branch Tost Offices. — A great, many complaints have reached us lately about the irregular manner in which letters and papers are delivered in our various districts. AVe, of eoursse, avo uot nblo lo sny with whom Ihe fault lios, with tho offices, ov with tho various ciu'i-icrs. It 1ms bcon a fashionable sin lo detain news papers, and we only learned last week that a friend of ours bad posted several papers to us lately, which never reached their destination. As thoso papers wero sent solely becnuso tliero wusvnhiablo information contained iu them, wo think we are perfectly justified in making our complaint in a public maimer. AVo are not alone 011 this particular point, as will appear from tlio follow ing letter which wo quote from ono of tho Queensland papers : — " AVe are constantly receiving complaints of the non-delivery of papers lo country subscribers, al though posted to them regularly. By the last mail 11 resident 011 the Maonie writes — 'I must decline being a subscriber lo your valuable journal any longer. During the lust four montli9 I havo received only sovon newspapers. I do uot blumo you for this ; I blamo tlio shameful way in which tho postal arrangements nro carried out in this part of the country. Doubtless somo 011c of our mnilmcn has adopted tlio system, lately discovered in New South AAlilcs, of eon voiding a hollow log in Die busli into 11 post- office, iu order to get rid of the ' lumbor,' us thoy term it.' AVo trust that our new Postmnslor-Gonernl will exert his ingenuity to discover some means of pulling a stop to tlio wholesulo robberies that uro perpetrated ill bis department on newspaper subscribers and udvortisors." This convert ing a trunk of 1111 aid tree into a branch office displays 11 little ingenuity, as well us u species ot latent wit wo should bo glad to oneourngo if wo, as well as others, wero not tho sull'orors by it. Wo will just hint to theso carriers, who are so fond of dropping tlioir " lumber," tlint there mny bo n liillo bird or two in these branches which will, some day, whisper in our ears certain facts ns to thoir who and their whereabouts. Anod, thoy say, is as good us a wink lo a blind horse, nnd our bint mny bu sufficient for a porfeetly wido awake postman. Butter in Ten Minutes. — AVo rend tlmt nn iitiuospbei-ie churn lias been invented by a Mr. ICinriu, of Berth, by which butter can bo produced from sweet milk in tlio course of ton minutes, but what is moro slrango still is tho fact tlmt thu milk nftoi- the churning is poi-fectly sweet nnd fit for use. Theso results are produced by atmospheric notion ; air boing forced into tho midst of of tlio milk in tho cylinder in " intcrmit- tunt or continuous currents," by which means tho globules containing tlio butler lire expanded, opened, and the bultor liberated. If this be true, and the atmospheric churn should como into usv, milk must rapidly full in price, and cream will 110 longer bo an oxponsivo luxury. Another nnd very ndmirnblo result will most probably bo arrived at. The " black cow," which costs so lit'tlo to keep and is mi evoi-lustnig milkor, without having any inlermittant fits of calf bearing, will no longer bo required, and our ten and coflbo will bo blessed with a little mora of tho caseous matter and a proportionate less quantity of aqua pmnpa. AVo wonder wlint the nneiont Scythians, wlto brought butler into Greece, would say (if thoy could rido up (rein their graves) to this speedy manner of producing tho desired end, instead of galloping about for hours with tho eroam in blnddors ; or tho Hindoos, who boil milk for two or tlireo hours, which when cool is fermented with wilh curdled milk, left to sour, churned, and whon it is sufficiently curded is boilod aud mixed with salt or betel leaf and ruddio to improve its tusto and color. 5fu. J. Kino's Assemiiey Rooms. — AVo nro pleased lo find that 5Ir. King's oponing night was graced with a goodly number of tho admirers of " Terpsichore," and who delight in poising themselves upon tlio "light fantastic too." Tlio company was not only numerous hut highly l-ospeolnble, and tho evening passed oil' altogether ill a very agrccablo manner. 5lr. King is a good master of tlio ceremonies, aud endeavours by every means in his power to lighten tho hearts ns well as the heels of his visitors. The room which 5L\ King has taken in Itust-slrcct (Mr. Waller 'Fluid's lato s(ore) is ono of tho best in town niul mlmisably adapted for tlio purposes for which lio lias opened it, luuuoly, as an acudciny far dancing and lor occasional concerts, 1 Ship " Tyranny." — Tlio following appears in the I lVanyanui Times 1— " Now Zealand, March 23rd, 18(57. Andrew Inkstor, seaman on board tlio cutter Itlidyo, slates : At about 0110 a.m. 011 this morning, when about tlu-co miles oil' tho Baton bar, tho mnstor of tlio cutler Midge hud 11 falling out with Jits mate, Peter Britten 11 Ji'i-onelnnnn : tlio master swearing at the mate for filling his mug too full of cofico, and on li|o mnto asking what lio hail done to mako tho mastor so disploasod, tlio muster either struck or kicked hint in tlio face, I do not know which, as I only eaino 011 deck nt tlint imnncnt; but hoard tlio wliolo of Ilia previous conversation. I hoard the master thou say " No moro of your eliook, or I shall give von Boinu- tliing else lo which the male replied, " Tlint is tlio first lime I ever was struck, and I shall mako you pay lo' it?" nnd when tlio mate was washing tlio blood from liis iiico the master l-usliod at him ; tiioy 'both grappled and in the struggle thoy both full overboard. Tho whole ntl'air lasted about tlu-co minutes. I im mediately liovo nil tho rope I could overboard and got the bout overboard also, but slio immediately filled. I triod to put tlio cutter about, but could not got hor to slay. I saiv tlio master once after lie fell overboard ; but tlio male I saw swimming for. a long timo. I I lion signalled t o tlio Hen Nevis schooner to como up. They were about a mile oil', nnd when 1I10 in-rived. I was told to cut Iho built adrift. I brought the culler into the Baton Rivor by myself, and reported tho wholo enso to tho coxswain of tho surf boat, near tho mouth ol' tho river. AVater tiiat will not Drown.— -All travellers, writes a correspondent, have mentioned witli astonish ment the peculiar buoyancy of tlio water of tlio Great Suit Lako, and it is truly surprising. No danger of shipwreck need ever cross Iho mind of thoso who navi gate the lako, fov it would bo simply impossible for tlicm to sink if thrown overboard. Willi my hands clnspcd together under my head, and tny feet crossed, I floated on tlio very surface of tlio lako with at least ono-lliiid of my body above tho water. Upon a warm summer's day t here would not bo tho slightest dilficulty in going to sloop upon tho lake, and ulloiviiig yourself to bo blown about us tlio wind permitted; only ono would need ail umbaell.i to keep oil' tlio rays of Iho sii". It lias hcnii stated Unit tlireo buckets of l hi» water will yield ono bucket of solid salt, but inasmuch ns water will uot bold nbovo 25 per cent, of salino mat tor in solution, and if moro be added it is instantly deposited upon tlio bottom, this estimate is, of corn-so, too large. Oil inquiring of tlio Mormons engaged in procuring sslt, (hoy unanimously stated tliyt for cvory firo buckets of water, they obtained ono bucket of salt, which gives tlio proportion lis no less than 21) pol ecat. No visitor to tlio lako should omit the bath ; thescn.salio.11 iu the water is most luxurious, and lends ono to think himself lloating in the air. Oa tlio way back to tho cily it will be as well for 1 lio bather to stop as I lio superb sulphur baths just outside ll(0 town, niul remove life saline incrustations which will liavo formed upan him, by a plunge into tlio fine swimming bath, whose only objection is its peculiar odour and its great heat, which requires a largo admixture of cold water. — Quobce Morning Chronicle. Chinese Tragedies.— .There i9 a well-known Greek story of a penniless man who, going out with a rope in liis band lo hung himself found a purse of money, which induced him (.0 throw the rope awuy, whereas, tlio owner ol" the purse, coming back lo look for his property and finding only the ropo instead, straight way hanged himself. A st ill moro curious tale of a similar kind is told by I.I10 China papers. Iu Iho native city of Shanghai tho parents of a young lady lately married, having fallen into distressed circum stances, applied to her for assistance, and her husband allowed Iter to givo Ilium a coat for tlio purpose of being pawned. The daughter, hereby being anxious to rondel- further aid without hor husband's knowledge, secreted sixteen dollars in tlio pocket of Iho coat. Tho old man did not discover this, and took it to 11 pawn broker, who noticing tlio money 011 unfolding Iho garment, kept liis counsel, and quietly advunccd two dollars. Soon after tlio husband discovered that his wile had given the sixteen dollars to hor father, and miido so much noise about it Unit Hie young lady hud disposed of herself by hanging. Li this way the news of the robbery committed by the pawnbroker beoamo known to tho parents, and t lio old mother took tlio mailer so much to heart that site poisoned herself with opium. Lastly, tlio pawnbroker, getting alarmed oil hearing that his dishonesty laid already caused two deaths, drowned himself in a well. This story is very eharael eristic of tlio Chinese feelings in regard to life, and similar incidents not iinfruqueiilly occur. Somo years ago, for ins.nnee, nil accomplished young Indv at Cimlon, who had been uiifoi-Luuutoly married lo a eoarso and stupid husband, wns bewailing her fate toil party ot sisters and female cousins, and declared her intention of committing filicide. On this t hi-, young ladies declared Unit, since such was a married life, they would die, loo, and so the wholo bevy of tliom joined hands together, ami walked into a fish-pond, de- libovatoly drowned themselves. Again tliveo men im prisoned iu Hongkong gaol on a charge of piracy, determined to make away wilh themselves rather than lmvo tho bother of a trial. At some height in tlio cell where they wero imprisoned was a small window guarded by two iron bars, and tlio probiom which those worthies had to solvo was how ihe tlireo ol them wore to ho hanged on the two bars, b'roin the positions in which they wero found iu tlio morning, it would seem Unit (lie third man assisted tile two others in linnging themselves from tho bars by their tails ; tlmt thou lie hud out down ono of tlicm by gnawing through tho tail with liis teeth ; and using tlio dead body as a stool, to bo afterwards kicked over, lie laid eouti-ivod to suspend himself. All this, too, was done so quietlcy as not to attract tlio notice of a sentry who was passing outside beneath tlio window. — 1'all Mall Gazette, An 10NOi.isnM.in in Baris.— I was amused the oilier day by hearing haw an Englishman in Baris hud passed that " happy day" about which your Russian correspondent bus just so much amused us. 5Ir. G-. Briton — so wo will call him — slops at tlio British Hotel, " whoro, do you know, sir, I don't boliovo tiioy under stand Trench ; for I lmvo seen a ' Aloimsoev' much puzzled." 'l'liere ho gets an English breakfast — ten, toast, amt fried bacon, and has tlio Daily Telegraph aud the Times to road.. All tho rest of tlio persons present avo English, nnd ho talks English polities pleasantly with the noxt table. Th.cn ho goes to Galignani, nn institution, in spite of its Italian uaino, as English as English ns John Bull or the British Lion. Then with 11 few Engb'sli friends, ho strolls out. If ho wants money, I10 goes to nn English banker; when lie (requires lunch, lie goes to tho Byron 'Tavern, a spot as thoroughly English, though in tlio centre of Baris, ns tlio British Embassy itself, llore lio gets pale alo, au-i " good old Edglish roast beef, don't you know;" ho limn hiros a English coachinan to drive him into, tho Hois, goes homo to a dinnor— nono of your kickshaws, but good plain roast and boiled, which is served by waiters who all speak English — lias a pipe aud somo hot brandy and ivalor in a smoking room full of English, and thon ordering his shaving water at eight, retires to bod, not having come ia contact with one " Erenchy" during tho wholo day. no goes home to CumberweU or 'Tooting knowing the French so thoroughly, air, that I wonder ho doos not writo a book. 'Tall Talk. — A 5L-. Williams, of Pennsylvania, made a apeeeh in Congress, tho other day, in which tlio following pnssago occurred " No geutlo speech, 'no candy courtesies,' no dull oblivion of tho pregnant pnst, befits tlio crisis that is 011 ns now. AAro lmvo just trodden tlio wiiuqn-cBs of revolution, to encounter nt its closing doors tho bloodier form of anarchy, wliilo ihe untamed fiends of tlio rebellion, tlioir appetites inflamed, and their hands dripping with tlio blood of Hie martyrs, laughed — ns nono but tlio damned could laugh— at tho rising vision but dimly foro-shndowed by tlio St. Bartholomews of Memphis and New Orleans, of tlio opening of another booI, which should turn our rivers into blood, and visit upon us nnd our children movo than npoealyptio woos. " Discovery oe Rich Gold-fields in Canada. — A correspondent informs us (Globe.) tlmt tl\o Canadians nro pnthusinstic over tho discovery of rich deposits of gold in tho county of Hustings, Cannda AVost. In dications wore first stumblod upon somo two months Biiteo. " Bay dirt," ns a California!! would say, was first discovered in tlio township of 5Iadoo. 'Tlio Canadian Oovornmont 1ms finally takon tlio mnttor in limid. Tlio commissioners lmvo already reported that gold iu largo quantities exists throughout tho wholo region of which Mndoo is tho centre. Spcoimons of gold, both in quartz and nuggrt-s, liavo boon fonviu-dod to tlio Government. Tlio deposit is, apparently, a vory rieli ono. Cold lms been found at a dopth of six feet, Ono shaft hns been sunk twenty feet, It lias boon slated tlmt 2000 dollars worth of gold has been washod out from a single ton of dirt. Tlio examining com missioner does not confirm i liis sialcmont. lio says, howovcr, that ' from liis own personal ktiowlodgo, ho should judgo that from 1500 dollars to 2000 dollars hail been I nkun from cue shaft." Tho greater part of tlio land m which gold deposits lio is owned by Govern ment ; somo of tho " leads " howovcr, nro oivnod by farmers, who are demanding vory high prices for thoir proporty. There sooins lo ho liillo doubt- that tho discovery is a genuine one, for indications ure'norccii, tiblo throughout a tract of land forl.y miles «qitar0i n,,cr. if thorq is 110 docoption about tlm nmllor, Uio'Cnna, dians liiivo discovered a way not only to pay ulf thoin debts, but to giro tlio country all tlio importance of a now California. 'Tho commissioners say lliut t)10 gohl of Hastings county is in quality ric her than that 'if ' Australia or British Columbia. Anglo-Saxon 11 Foreign. — AVhy on eiu-lli can't" you girls bo content amongst English people to usa 'your own grand English language ? AVhy i/ jLlm namo of ail Units absurd must you stiek a bit !A-ltnliun and a bit of French, and a fragment of H fttnpsl, nnd & morsel of Corinan, into your conversation, to show you know something of those languages? Nonsa-ijo! who will boliovu you P You lmvo learned 1 'Sdew sentences like a parrot, thoy may say, Unit's all. don't know tlio lnngiingo nut you. You may as well think you nro a 1 aval of Jlcrsehci, because you liavo learnt the names of a score of stars. I know a man or two who could pass oil' vory woll for a liativo in moro than ono of tho continental nations, but you novel- hour them spitting out morsels of French or Cci-mnn. AVhy do tlio girls do it ? Is it because the foreign tongues r.ro more expressivo? Not a bit of it. It is bceauso tlicy can't find a good, solid English word to'cxprcss their moaning ? Nonsense ; tliev will find it if thoy wish. I think it iH done simply to cover tlio want of ideas. A girl docs not like to make a foolish 01- a common place remark iu English, so sho tricks it out in French dress, and fancies it is a good tiling.' AVItcn you want. to. signify tlmt a lady had better look out, or sho will stand a elianeo of not getting married you say, perhaps sho is pussee. Can't you find nn English word tlmt will do ? Isn't thu plain English " thanks " as good as merei any day. I don't boliovo in tho introduction of all l.liese foreign terms into our business life cither. Could wo not havo lound a gr d Saxon niuno for " carle do visile Hang it ! I tho name every lin\o I pronounce it. 1 fool turimd into a Frenchman. AVhy should we use such words lis deyogc neglige, in our ovoryday English life? AVlint right has an English girl lo turn her back upon hor' noble moLlicr tongue ? AVlmt rigliL Ims 1111 English man to talk of being blase, and of sull'eriug from ennui / AVlmt 1 lie can't oxpress the things by English words ? AVell I'm glad of tlmt, anyhow ! 'Tlmt shows thoy uro not English' things, and a sturdy Anglo- Saxon 1ms no right to be blase. If an Englishman, feels himself getting into that condition, let him send for tlio Bilston pot or Suffolk Spider lo coinc nml put tlio gloves on with him for half an hour, and get knocked down about a score of limes ; tiiat will lako some of the noncscnsc out of liiut, nnd it will be a good half sovereign's worth ; there's no bettor euro, for ono of your blase, swells than a smart blow 011 thp. nose. AVlmt business liavo mon to bo decora / AVliat business havo women to be agacee I I think I wouldj rather heal- the homely word fashed," limn that last, expression. But if tlio conversation in our drawing-, rooms was worlhit half-penny, wcshonld not need to sow. our English toilguo with lorcigu plants. — The Queen, 