TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM ours TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS ) SYDNEY. April 16. Tas Bombay is expected to arrive about 7 o'clock this evening. On her arrival the City of Brisbane will take the Queensland portion of the mails from Europe. i Nagle, who fired at the Police Magistrate at Parramatta, has been committed for an attempt to murder. The session of the Congregational Union has been postponed till to-morrow. Advices from Mauritius have rendered sugars easier. The markets generally are dull. MELBOURNE. April 16. Galbraith, a clerk in the Crown Lands Office, was killed last night by his wife whilst in a state of intoxication. Dr Burnstall, a passenger by the mail steamer, has died from the effect of a bite in elected by a pet snake. Murphy was hanged to-day at Ballarat. ADELAIDE. April 16. The Imperial Government declines to enter for in Judge Boothby's case, and leaves the South Australian Government free to not. Another of the scenes for which the Adelaide Supreme Court has- become famous took place yesterday boUeon Judge Boothby and the Chief Justice. THE annual meeting in connection with the Wesleyan Foreign Missions was held last evening in the Albert-street Church. The pastor of that Church, the Rev. Mr. Piddington) took the chair,' while the devotional exercises were conducted by the Rev. Mr. Parkinson. The report of the society's operations up to the 0I080 of the ) year 1866 was then read, showing that the expenditure had amounted to £15,623 2s. 4d. Apologies from several ministers who were unable to attend were received, after which interesting and earnest addresses were delivered by Revs. 33. Or. Wilson, H. M. Parkinson, and Mr. Jarrott. A collection having been made, the Doxology was sung, and the meeting separated THE Alexandra Theatre was well filled last evening, when "Hamlet" was played for the first time. Considering the very limited means at the disposal of the manager, the way in which the tragedy was presented reflects great credit, not only on him, but on all concerned. Mr. O. H. Burford appeared as Hamlet, and his conception of the character, though rather exaggerated, was well sustained throughout. He appeared also to have imbued other morn bers of the company with his appreciation of the most celebrated of Shakespeare's plays for though most of the actors were somewhat deficient, yet none of them entirely failed. They were also tolerably perfect in the cost of the play. Miss Burford's Ophelia was fair, but she somewhat marred her performance by her rapidity of utterance, which prevented her from giving due emphasis to several of the passages in her part, -which required to be delivered with care and precision. The Ghost scene was very effective, and Mr. Holloway, who appeared as the ghostly visitor, performed very well. The play will be repeated this evening. The performance was concluded by a musical melange, in which Mr. T. Lacey sang a comic song in character. THE performance at the Victoria Theatre last night was under the patronage of the Highland Society, and several of the members attended in Highland costume There was a larger house than usual, attracted no doubt by the announcement that Shakspeare's tragedy of " Macbeth" would be performed. It was on the whole very fairly put upon the stage, and passed off more successfully than might have been anticipated, considering the strength, of the company ; but nevertheless, we would not recommend the manager to select his plays for the future from the works of the great dramatist, as many far more suitable for the company could be readily found. Of course, the principal characters in the piece, Macbeth and Lady Macbeth, fail to Mr. Byers and Miss Hudson. The former sustained his part with credit, especially during the first two acts ; but, judging from the loud stage whispers in which he occasionally thought it necessary to prompt his follow actors, he appeared to forgot that he was performing to an audience, and was not rehearsing the piece. Miss Hudson had a very fair conception of the difficult character entrusted to her, and her acting was undoubtedly superior to that of any other member of the company. Mr. Douglas' Maciluff also deserves mention, but most of the subordinate characters were wretchedly sustained, It was quite palpable that the actors had not studied their parts sufficiently to know the text perfectly, much less to form any correct perception of the characters they represented. The piece will, however, be again presented to-night, when no doubt many of the imperfections consequent on a first performance will be re- medied. At the conclusion of the tragedy, one of the members of the Highland Society danced the sword dance with great spirit and vigor. He was loudly applauded. THE annual licensing meeting for the city of Brisbane is adjourned until 12 o'clock on Thursday, April 18. at 2 * IN Monday's issue some inaccuracies occurred in our report of the manner in which Proniior, Forrester, Whalebone, and Blair Athol were handicapped. Correctly the weights are Whalebone, 9st. Gib,';' Eorroster, 8st. 7lb. ; Premier, 9st. 8lb. j and Blair Athol, 8st. - A anora time back we D D. Gazette) alluded to the fact that neither the Leasing Act nor the Instructions to Land Agents, published in the Government Gazette, gave- any information as to the [manner or terms by which a leaseholder under Government could convert his tenure to a freehold before the expiration of his term of lease, or whether such would be allowed. We have since been made aware that written instructions have been issued" to the land agents, authorising them, at any time after the first payment of rent, to accept the balance of the amount per acre at which the lot was open to selection, as payment in full of the land held by a leaseholder. -' WE (Wanotcje Argus) have been favored by the Government Land Agent with the following returns of land purchased or leased in the office of Warwick, from the 1st January to the 6th April, ISO?. This gentleman has evidently a large amount of work on his hands with regard to the land agency, independently of his duties as Clerk of Petty Sessions in fact, we believe it will soon be found necessary to ap- point a special officer to conduct the land agency hero. A vast amount of work is attached to the position of a Government Land Agent in Warwick, and the large amount of money which has passed through his hands in so short a period ought, to induce the Govern night to grant a sufficient recompense for the performance of such services Purchased at land' sales, 6914 acres 3 roods 39 perches, £7109 15s. old. 9 purchased by selection, 2322 acres 1 rood 18 perches, £2370 12s. 3d. ; leased UDdor lot, 1866, 6360 acres 1 rood 20 perches, 1895 1s. 10d. j renewal of leases under the Act 24 Vic" No. 15, 5884 acres 3 roods 6 perches, £151 8s. 9d. 5 total, 21,482 acres 2 ' roods 3 perches, £10,426 19s. 6d. Elton the S. M. Herald's mail telegram we quote the following information respecting the intended basis of the Disraeli Reform Bill : " A select committee appointed by the Government proposes four new standards for the franc clause. 1st the educational, 2nd, possession of £30 in the Savings Bank ; 3rd, ownership of £50, funded property ; 4th, payment of 20s., direct taxation. The borough franchise is to be reduced to £6, and that for the county to £20 rating. The total new votes is estimated to be about 4.600, totness, Yarmouth, Lancaster, and Reigate will be disfranchised for bribery and corruption, and all boroughs with a population under 7000. Thirty Boats are disposable, and of those fourteen will be given to new boroughs j fifteen to counties, and one seat to the London University. Sydney Sporting Life contains the following notice of the death of Mr. Ivory's horse O'Meara, well knowing the Queensland turf, and one of the entries for the cup race at Brisbane at the coming meeting : " It is with great regret we record the death of O'Meara, another stroke of ill-luck to Mr. Ivory and heroin all sportsmen will join with us. Ten days ago the horse was perfectly well, and very fit for his engagement at Killarney, and when these races were put off Mr. Ivory thought he would take the opportunity of giving him a mild dose of physic. Not being an easy horse to give a ball to Mr. Michie the veterinary surgeon, was called in, but at the first and second attempts did not succeed in administering the dose. At length the horse was allowed one ball, and, as we suppose, must have got portions of others, for when the medicine commenced to take office nothing could arrest the purging and O'Meara" died on Tuesday night, the above being the circumstances as we have heard them. O'Meara was engaged at Homebush, at Killarney, and in Queensland, and his death is a serious loss to Mr. Ivory, who, during some years past, has met with more losses and misfortunes in IIIB stable than any sportsman who know." THE Melbourne Age is doing good service to Australia by its steady opposition to the party in Melbourne, and in the Victoria Legislature, who are striving to upset the arrangements of the Postal Conference, more with a design to annoy or oust the M'Culloch Ministry than with any patriotic intention. In a late article on the subject the Age says-The spirit of the proposed postal system, as set forth in the Memorial, is thoroughly federal. Each colony agrees to lend assistance towards the maintenance of all the lines of communication which are to meet the requirements of the other colonies as well as its own. Those who object to the scheme because it is possible to devise one more favorable to Victoria overlook the fact that there could not possibly be any agreement if each of the colonies were to look at the matter from the same selfish point of view. It would no doubt be better for Queensland to have a fortnightly line via Torres Straits, New Zealand, a fortnightly line via Panama and South Australiajafortnightly linotype Suez toKan garoolsland ; but it would be absurd to expect the six colonies to agree to any of those schemes to the exclusion of the others. Objectors of this kind must abandon the idea of federation altogether, leaving each colony to support its own scheme without regard to harmony of action. One of the consequences of pursuing this selfish system would be an enormous increase of expense. It may also be looked upon as certain that, if each of the colonies were to negotiate single-handed with the British Government, there would be very little prospect of obtaining anything like a moiety of the expense of any one of the schemes. At present England pays subsidy of £7 1,912 for 'the monthly line between Galle and Sydney, and nothing at all towards the Panama and Torres' Straits routes. When- ever the present arrangements with the P. and O. Company terminate, England will reconsider the question of the subsidy and it may be looked upon as a certainty that, instead of in- I creasing her contribution so as that the monthly may be converted into a fortnightly service, she will diminish the amount, in order that a share of the subsidy may be transferred to the New Zealand and Queensland services. The selfish system would not only alienate from us the other colonies, but would cause the British Government so to fritter away its contributions that the great burden of the several postal schemes would fall upon the respective colonies. If the Australians can agree upon a system of combined postal services, they will have a strong claim for a subsidy of one-half the total cost. If they cannot agree, their claims will be weak and conflicting, and no increase in the subsidy need be looked for. Those are considerations which must be carefully kept in view, for Bullish- ness is a game at which all parties can play. 