LET THE GALLED JADES WINCE. 1 " On dit that the Chief Enginoer of the Southern and Western Railway is about to take proceedings against Mr. Miles for having stated publicly that Mr. FrrzauuiON mado a profit out of the railway material brought from England." — D. D. Gazette, Our public men seem particularly touchy; they canuot be very old stagers, or else they must havo a great many sores about them, or tney wouiu scarcely wince and snort in such a manucr when the point of the whip touches them. It appears to us that our loaders, who are many of them more colts, and have nono of them boon exalted vory long to the dignity; of the traces, may play all manner of vagaries, fly off tho straight road, shy at every stone whorein is written the number of miles to tho town of honesty, and if they are gently re minded of their amiablo failings they couoeivo they havo a right to laHh out at us. Now, although, wo do not oxpect thnt every public man is to ho so precise as Judge Hale, nnd insist upon pay ing for even tho haunch of venison that was sent to liim as a present, still wo have a right to demand from them as much honesty and straightforwardness ns wo do from our tallow cliandlor, and if we do not recoive tliem, we have, we conceive, a fair right of expressing our indignation.. Public men seem to forget they are tho servants of the pooplo, that is to say, those public men who are paid for their services, and wo caunot help conceiving it is as insolent in them, when they turn upon thoir paymasters and threaten them with the law, if their conduct be challenged, as if our footman or maid of all work were to black guard us for finding fault with tho manner in which our coat was brushed, or our doorstep scrubbed. If tlio people pay Giles Sokoo- gins £1000 per Jannnm to perform duties for them, and they discover, or fancy tlioy dis cover, that for that £1000 ho does them £2000 worth of damage, or if they find ho is sacrificing their interests and making monoy out of their property, wo then hold that tho said people havo every just right to expose Giles Scaoaams, to take his salary away from him, and to discharge him. Every man who pays a tax is ono of tho masters of every salaried officer in Queensland, and those officers are clearly re sponsible to their masters for the manner in which they discharge thoir duties. Wo have often laughed in our sleevcB at the pomposity and assumption of those who receive Govem- monti«/fl!-/es,)!oiti'aycA', who consider thomselves the salt of the earth; tho citron and orange peel in the pudding ; nnd put us wonderfully in mind of poor John Reeve, ns tlio parish beadle on the beer barrel, singing the song of the " wonderful alteration," and have thought to ourselves, these gentry are making a very handsome living out of the crimes, tho quarrels, the troubles, and failings of human nature, and yot,.at the same time, are woeful sinners. If men were perfect they would require but few of these cross-gartered gen tleinon, who strut in the sunlight with their greatness thrust upon them by luck, patron age, or chance, if they condescend to take our dirty money, they must submit their actions to public criticism, and not threaten, when exposed, with the law — that terrible bugbear, which has frightened more justice out of the world than ever it introduced into it. The Late Scrimmage. — We have with some little trouble collected the particulars relative to the late collision which took place between the blacks on the 12th June, at the Morinish, and the Mounted Police, and as there were a variety of reports current about it, and as much ill feeling continues to exist, per- haps the following, we believe, true state ment, will serve to satisfy the public mind. It appears that a few days before the collision, Mr. Aubin, an officer in charge of the Mounted Native Police, heard that the blacks had collected together in large numbers, and several complaints were made to him by the diggers that many petty thefts were being committed, and that they were unable to have any rest at night from the fighting, squabbling, and cor- robborees which were unceasingly kept up. On the evening of the 11th a black man and his gin called at the humpy belonging to a man of the name of Life- bore, and asked his wife, who was alone, her husband being at work, to give them certain things which they demanded ; upon her refusal the black brandished his tomahawk over her head, and threatened to smash her skull in. This tomahawk afterwards fell into the hands of the police, and is described as a formidable weapon. Mr. Aubin then thought it was time to act, and on the 11th he left Rockhampton and camped in the evening about thee miles from Morinish ; he had four troopers with him, three of whom had double barrel carbinos, loaded with five blank cart ridges and fire ball cartridges ; Mr. Aubin and the fourth trooper had a single barrel carbine, each loaded with ball. During the night the party approached close to the blacks' camp. Had there been any intention on the part of the police to slaughter the blacks then was their opportunity, but they appear to have been desirous of dispersing them without violence, if possible. Whon daylight appeared Aubin accompanied by the troopers entered the camp, he having previously given orders that the blank cartridges should be fired as soon as any display was made by the natives. Immediately after the dis- charge the blacks rushed to their weapons, and several nullah nullahs were thrown, one hitting troopor Larry so severely on the shoulder that he suffered great pain for several days afterwards. In order to protect his men Aubin then gave the order to fire ; five shots were fired in the direction of the humpies from which most of the weapons had been thrown. The natives then dispersed. Upon arriving at the humpies three dead bodies were found on the ground, and one in a water hole, this last was the man who had struck Larry. There were no wounded to be seen. It appears that the troopers were completely under com mand, and that they did not fire until ordered by Mr. Aubin, who would not have a trigger pulled until he considered it absolutely necessary for the safety of himself and of his men. The noxt day the blacks were tracked to the place where they had rushed Mr. Mackay's cattle, but which, as the country was not soft enough, they had not been enabled to bog. Great complaints have been made against the Native police, but they afforded a great deal of protection to people and to cattle on the various stations, and we have some fear that before long there will be news reaching head quarters of a raid or two, which will compel the Government to retaliate. "What a Mistake !— The railroad policy ol tho Darling Downs squatters, lias ro-nctod upon thom in ii way thoy hardly lookod for. It has virtually doprivod thom of tho best portions of thoir runs, nnd. will ulti mately deprive them of tho wliolo of thoir sqnattngos. Tho lot have beon hoodwinked and overreached by Macalister, and lot in boautifully. His Bxcollanoy, too, whon on his tours, was quiotly taking stock of the country. Tho owners had long possod through tho Government nouBO Biovo, and thoir qualities well sifted by the practised hand of thoir host. . Tho vioo- rogal visits woro of courso as complimentary as econo mical. Tho poor devils who succeeded in bagging a live Governor for thoir guest, thought it no .aoubt a foathor in tlieir caps, and probably will dato from that era, as our ancostors did from tho Norman oonqucst. Wo can picture tho violont efforts of somo of tho Downs aristocracy, atrivingjwitli thatolootro-plato grin — whioli is considered de riyueur upon suoh occasions— to bo at home with his Excolloncy, and of courso only succeed ing in boing as unnaturally natural aB possible, and looking for all tho world as if they had been sitting for thoir family portraits all thoir lives, and tuld to look their best, which invariably gives that forced and con strained appearance, that not unfroqiiontly indioates somo dorangemont of tho stomach. Howovor thoy 'paid for their hospitality in tho loss of somo of their best ground. Sir Georgo saw and judgod for himself and tho Ministry woro in possession of his Bontimontsi wliioh aro to bo carried out in a way wliioh tho voico of tho people will enforce, and whioli tho railway, now so handy, will enable them to do. Whon tho DownB mon supported tho railway policy of tho Government, tlioy wore right so far as it liolpod thom to carry tho rail to tho foot of tho main rango, but there tlicy should havo stopped — ovory inch boyond that throntonod their piincipalitias. In not violently and firmly opposing any furlhor extension of tho lino, tlioy signed their death wurrants. Tho rail to Warwick and Gowrio brings tlio picked bits of tlieir territory within market distanoo, and they must bo givon up. Tho oxtonsion of tho lino must dispossess tho squattor, and vory fairly so. With tlio fact wo fiud no fault, but with tho asinino folly of thoBo Downs squiittdra who adhered to Macalistor and assisted liim in his railway mania, wo liavo no patienco. Not only will thoyBuffer fearfully in thn ro- Btriutod dimonsioiiB of thoir runs, but thoy will bo taxed to jiny for tho Elophnnt which will soon be thrown on thoir handB. Thus thoir past policy ousures thom loss country with incronsod taxation. Tlio wholo of tho colony, including tho North, recognized tho nocossity of a railroad to the foot of tho Main Rango, and wns porfoctly willing to contributo to its construction, but lor any furthor distunco tho North was opposed, and tho, South should liavo been, and are now about to pay tlio pipor for thoir want of iorosiglit nnd colossal folly. By this time it niUBt bo protty ovidont that tho lino is a costly toy, nnd certainly nu unpro ductive one, if, as an Enginoer said, " ovary heavy dew will necessitate tho outlay of somo £3000 to £4000." In discussing with an intelligent American some timo sinco tiio wondrous muddlo mado of tho offuirs of tho country by the Ministry, ho very gravoly observed, " Why look hero, strcngor, somo ot our big Now York houses would undertake to govorn you by oontract for 7s, a bead, and put tho country squaro boforo you could rip a niggor into sliinglos. Your durnod old institutions won't do for a young pooplo — tho land's the peoples — whan Adam put a spado in it ho claimed tho soil for his postority, and by thundor I'm ono o' them." Our friend is- right, Adam's title dcod has boon handad down in labour, and tho tillor of tho soil should havo tho fco simple of it in new countrios. Tlio half-crown yearly payments will yet bo found a delusion and "a suaro.. Theatre Royal. — "Black-Eyod Susan" attractod, as wo anticipated, a full houso, it was well and effec tively played throughout, and Mr. Byors as William, and Miss Hudson as Susan, completely oarried tho sympathies of tho audienco with thom. Wo shall reserve our further critioism until our Wednesday's issue. Tho Drawing-Room Entertainment coutinuos us attractive as over. Miss Gardner, Mr. Taylor, and Mr. Wicland, never seem to bo ablo to do onough to satisfy those who aro pleased with goad dancing, really fine singing, and the clover and neatly oxocuted trapczo. Tho " Rough Diamond," a capital farce, elicited roars of laiightor from tho audienco, and was altogether better played than any after picco produced under Mr, Byors ' management. "Black-Eycd Susan" will bo ropoatcd to-night, to be followod by tho usual ontor- tainmcnts, to concludo . with "A Ghost in Spito of Himself." Another " Stitch in Time." — Somo portions of tho Upper Dawson Road rcquiro tho iinmcdiato at tention of tlio authorities.; Two or threo places wlioro' apparently holes havo beon covorcd, aro now strippod, and in coiisoquonco liavo boconio oxtromoly dangerous to horsemen and enrriugo of any description. As tho spots or small pic-fulls aro not disecruablo until almost under tho oyo, thero is' somo dilliuulty in avoiding them, and wo oxpect cvory day to hear of bohio severe acci dent, cither a horso breaking his legs, or somo person borne into town on a shutter. Half-a-days work would remedy tho evil ; half a years won't by and bye if the road is allowed to full into furthor disrepuir. Licensed Victuallers. — A Publicans Licensing meeting will bo held to-morrow (Tuesday) at 12 o'clock noon, at tlio Court-liouBC. The magistrates sumiuoued to attend aro MosBrs. Brown, Byorloy, Hall, Jardino, Gregory, King, Flaws, Roopc, Rundlo, and While. Cornstalk. — On Wednesday night Mr. Willinio Dixon will take his benefit at ilio abovo popular place of amusement, when an oxtrciucly onticing bill of faro will bo prcsontcd beforo tho sight seeing nppctitios of tlioso who novor fail to bo satisfied when tho dishes are placed on tho tablo by Mr. and Mrs. Rice nnd thoir clovor company. Mr. Dixon has assisted to nmiieo, and most materially, tho frequontors of tho ' Cornstalk, for a long period, and that too without asking nnything at thoir hand3 except npplause, which ho received, because lia deservod it. Thoro are vory few actors who havo a bottor right to expect support at a benefit, than tlioso who appear at tho Cornstnlk. The clinrgo of admission is exceedingly low, and was for a cousidornblo poriod, nothing at all, and tho amusements produced, and the clovor manner in which tlioy aro sustained, deserve, at least, occasionally a mora solid recognition than an cncoro. For how much soever npplnuso may spur an actor on, and though it may be 'us nccossury to him ns tho breathe ho draws, still ho cannot exist upon it, or bo fod upon it any moro than capons can. We hope that Mr. Dixon's friends will rally around, him, and that ho will have a bumpor. Wno's Solvent ? — A series of propositions appeared in tho Guardian of tho 27tli ultimo, from a correspon dent, who' proposes thnt "bills of salo bo dono away with — no ossignmoiitB lawful without tlio full consout of all creditors — that tho law should provide punish ments of hard labour on tho roads for not less than six months, and not moro than fivo yoars, for fraudu lent insolvency — that Government officers without distinction should bo dismissed." Bills of salo cannot bo dispensed with, but to give ono to a second party, when a previous debt oxisted to a first party, should bo made punishable, unless all previous dobts bo wipod off. With respect t-o fraudulent insolvents, so much comes under tho head of overtrading, speculation, nnd bad times, thnt it iB (howovor fishy transactions look) oxtremcly difficult to soparnto fraud from folly or reck lessness in businoss. For instance, spceulntioq is morally fraud whon a man buys land upon his bills, sololy, and trusts to tho rise in allotments to meet tliem. Tho holder of thoso bills fails to get tliain ro- tired, and is thus defrauded by tho spccnlator; ho lios out of or probably Iobos his land and bills, both, but still tho law recognises tho transaction as only one of trndo — in fact, all our speculations might bo reduced to fraud. Wo confess wo cannot see, in the absoncc of imprisonment for dobt, how tho insolvent can bo dealt with otliorwiso thnn ho is. Fraud is still punishable. Why wo have no instances of its punishment, arises from tho fact that creditor's won't prosccuto, owing simply to tho cxpciiBO attending it ; thus glaring cases of fraud jostlo us in tho stroct every day, nnd will oontinuo to do so, so long as tho rcspoctablo portion of tho com munity oountonanco rascality by associuting with its perpetrators. " Will you havo a drink ? " Booms to be an appeal to ono's feelings absolutely irrcsistiblo, and it ib quito sufficient not to look Bccdy aftor filing, and to bo " your pint stoup," to bo whitewashed witli tho world. Thoro is only ono way of donling with tho matter effectively. A public fund should bo subsi dised — a very trifle caeh month — and tho sum dovoted to prosoouting in particular oases. The good accruing to tho town would bo vory considerable, for whon men know tho avonging hand was ready, and that it did not rost with a man whothor or not ho would push \- awkward inquiries, but with a body of morohants, with funds in hand to do so, thoy would bo less likoly to swindle. As to dismissing Govornuiont olficors, on account of their insolvonoy, tho thing carries absurdity on tbo very faco of it. Why, wo should havo to com- monco with tho Govornmont itsolf first, and then go down to its subordinates, who morely imitato their cm- 1 ployors ; besides, out of all tho officials who eondoseond upon tho misorablo pittance of somo £280,000 a year to carry out tho instructions of thoir bankrupt masters, wliioh of them, wo ask, is solvout ? And further, how many of tho members who sit in tho Houso daro put tho quostioh? Tho lives of our officials aro of valuo to tho colony. Tradosmcn liavo a vostod right in thom; they aro tho -floating, capital of tho country, securod upon so many lives. Somo men would loso nil know ledge of aritiimelio, if it wasn't for thoir debts. The occasional, though somotimos hopeless calculations wliioh thoy indulge in, keep up their knowledge of figures, whioli is supposed to form a portion of thoir office duties. 