SEEING GHOSTS. A soy's advice to boys. Dm you over see a ghost? The moBt probable answer to this ie— 14 No.' But very few readers, I venture to prophesy, will reply in tbe affirmative. If 1 were to continue my inquiries upon the subject with these, I imagine that something like the following would ensue:— 44 You are quite sure that it was a ghost which you saw I' 41 J am sure of it; st least, it was as like a ghost ss anything could be,' 41 Whet is a ghost like 1' 44 Ob, all white, end ghastly, and vague, and shadowy.' 41 What form does a ghost take t' 44 Generally like ? shrouded human form, but is not restricted 111 Ult |lill tilUllll ruaptii ' 'Where did you see it 1' ??In the churchyRtd. rb I pasting by there. It vas qMite white, and appeared all of a suddee.' '? At what time were you passing?' 'Late in the evening. It was very cloudy, ana the moon peeped ont only now and then. 1 felt very lonely, because I was olonc, aud 3 was afraid from tbe firet that I should see some* tbinfr drcudlul. And fo it happened.' *? You arc certain that it wrs uot a tombstone 1' ' Quite, for llie figure Fccmcd te move towards me ; und you know ibut u stone could not move.' ' And did this dreadful being come close to you 1' ' Wby no; for 1 did not give it a chance of doing so.' ' Wbut- did you do, tben, pray !' ' Why, I did w hat 1 should think anyone would do under tbe circumstances. I t uebed home ae fast as my legs could carry mc I bovo one or two remarks to make upon the foregoing; but before 1 do so, I have a personal adventure to relate. In faot, I am going to tell you us true a gbost story as any in existence. W hen I wus n tiny fellow of about five or six years old, my purcntP left r.ngland to reside in Jersey. Ouruew homo was in n pretty little nook, called St. — Bay ; and aftor school it was capital fun to go climbing up the green steeps that lay back a little way from tbe shore; and when we reached the top, to scramble down them again ; or to seek tbe limpets clinging to the rock, and looking like a part of tbe stone itself ; or to hunt for feiuull crabs deserted by the fickle tide ; or, better than all, to bavc a jolly bathe and cwim in the cool, clear waters of the Channel. Like moet boys, 1 had one clo*e companion and nlaymatein cbief, who shared all my sports and pastimes, and all my secrets, both pleasant and sad; and bis name was suggostive of his nature, for it was Frank Goodhurt, 6o passed seven or eight years— a long time to us boys; and each year we grew more and more attached to each other; when at last, to our dismay and eoitow, iny father announced his intention of sending me to a friend of Ms in England, from whom I should rcceivo a mr better education than at the school 1 had up to this attended. A vessel was fixed upon, my berth was engaged, my small baggage was got reBdy, and the hour of my departure arrived. Our paring was a very melancholy one; poor Frank actually burst into tears; ntod t^h^hyour humble servant effected the stern Briton, yet he iclt a strange choking in his throat, and could hardly keep back the moisture from his eyes. But under such circumstances tears arc no disgrace; and I may have the pleasure of speaking to you upon this particular subject at some other time. In the evening of the second day I found myself at my destina tion. My prccrptor (a minister, who on account of ill-health had been compelled to resign his charge) wos a very kind gentleman ; and his 6wcct-faccd, gentle lady did her best to soften the pangs of separation, and to make mc feel 'at home.' I found that I was to have a companion of my own ugc, who would shore my studies, my pastimes, and, let mc mention, ray bedroom. My new home had once been a rectory, and though lucre were not many rooms, it was a large, rambling sort of building, with gleomy long pacetgee, and great wide staircases; and of stormy, windy winters' nights tbe fugitive draught? und gusts made a fitfol and Fomewhat unearthly moaning, as they wound through ft loose-fitting window, or burst through on opening door. MotCre»Fj* was a very good fellow, and, although he conld. never be to me all that Frank Goodhart was, I became fohd of his society ; especially as without him I whs apt t« grow melancholy and homesick. 6o in a few months 1 became th^fouehiy domi cilcd, and contented myself with looking fur war d th«f Christmas- holidays, w hich I was to spend at home. But one day, a ftvv weeks before Chris'^aj 06 1 was preparing to go with Mat Crcssy to a litele birth j— paI\, a icitcrcame for me, and all round it was a broo ^ border. To my dismay * ond grief, it contained the new 0f Frank Goodhart's doth ! He, biave boy, while cn'-cavouring to rcscae a lad who had faJles into the water unable to swim, had been too - severely e.utcbcd by \ae ('rowning one, and both at last had gone down together, to^ in another world. Dear, good Frank! I know he Vd i L heaven, and if ever the glorified ones lovkagain upon vhofcc of their dear f/jenu? who arc etill on earth, he is ? looking upon me now. There 1 a tear has juEt blotted out a word 'or two and blistered tbe paper ; but of course you will not sec it, because your copy will be printed from this. Of courcc, 1 was now iu no mood lo join the merry party ; and instcad, 1 retired to our room, when unseen I could have &. thorough cry, end undisturbed think over all the good o'd times. In this way passed two or three hours, und each hour was more gloomy and oppressive than the l;ot. At length I dot' rmincd to ? seek Kftjffcfrom my sorrow in sloop, and in u few minutes pat' out my light end crept into bed. Not, however, to sleep. My brain w«s too olive with painful ilwugbus to allow of repose. I began to v hb tbat Mat Creasy ^ould relieve my 6olitude with his-checringeompany ; for he i- a nice fellow, and knows bow to sympathise with one in his trouble*. The rough cast wind howled upon the rattliug panes, und tho subdued croaking and moaning around mc 6ccmcd more unearthly than ever, as one 'unwonted sound fell uj-on tny (draining ear, 1 shivered and shuddered, and, constmiaed by some strange fascination, I: *6Ui;*ud up from tny pillow, when I beheld, rttthe foot ofthc bed, a motionless white figure. Tho horror of the Eight froze my4 blood, and I felt my hair rising from my head. I tried t*- 6pcak,. to groan, to eertam, but tny tongue clave to the roof of my tncuth, and I could not cut' a sound;, neither. co\dd I.mcvean inch, for 1 was paralysed with terror. A thousand wild thought' flashed through oiy bruin. This, then, was the ghost of my friend, conic 'to reveal lo im- by its dioad presence t^'e fearful tidings which had alicudy been com eyed iO mc through human means. Each moment 1 ( \;-t cud, and dreaded, to hear it sneak ©TBeeU-mwc; but no! there - it remained us mute and motionless as when it firstanet my allnglitcd gaze. How long I venwined transtixed with tbisdumb horror. I could not tell ; 1 only know that J .-wuitd to live years io evervmimluT and that 1 felt my brain about to turn, when I heard ttrounutter ably welcome sound of my companion's footstep on tbe ataire. Just before he reached the dour, 1 beard him exclaim— 44 Oh dear ! I've snuffed it out; but ptrhaps H ? 4uaB a li|[ht ,, . As he entered, 1 found invself able to wail out— B ? 'Ob, Wat, Nat, do you see that drtndful fonn yonder '? 4 what! a ghost r4 rejoined he, under his breath. Yes, ves,' 1 gasped ; 44 Uieie-there, at the foot of my bed 14» ' Noreply for a few moments ; then i heard a weird, unnatural, choking, chuckling noise; and suddenly the while figure soraiS upon me as, frantic with terror, I huddled myself bSbthl bed-clothes, and for a shoi t time lost all consciousness co'e,to tiiere was a light in the room, and Mat Crcssy was bending over me ruth an extremely grave face and a vUliUUB Jlgill not tJlltlCnillg ill 1118 CVfS. ' Better, old fellow !' said lie. ' Yes,' I whispered ; 'but has jt gone yet*' 'No,' he replied, with a shake oi the bead; and taking ut. from my bed mv cpkax- miikt ror to-jiokkow, he said— P Ailow ine.my dear friend, to have the pleasurcof introducing you te Spmtus Ghost, Khj.j and also to express my re^reC°hf added, in a more scnous rone 'that you have hem emranned friend Frank.'0 t0 of You can, perhaps, imagine mv sliame and confusion on thnu discovering the innocent cause of my ogouy and terra? iu Mat S I';®.?'1'1/''!.1 il «o be' an* iniult ra the memory '/..'?f 4 t0 *hom I hail been so much attached, that m rioiculous an incident should have been connected with m solemn and sad an occasion. But one good thing it teuSt m? nnd that was, never again to believe iu these absurd stories ghosts with which my old nurse, like many another surerariUoM old dame, had been used at once to interest and toterrite me And now, my imegrnary friend, let mc endeavour to exSnine the mysteiy of the churchyard ghost, which is TmU specimen oi ghost as I can tliink of at this moment! F.m voa ' say that yon arc sure that what vou saw wasaghos . ?'beJiZZ it was us tike a ghost as anything could be.' Well I Km doubt that it was; for J f-el pureuaded that it n'o ri!re re sembled one ton any object you may see in broM dwUght! And pray how do you know totagnost is white, and ffilv* and vague, and shadowy! Because some foolish, credulous person, whose only authority was imagination or hearsay hud told you so. Do you not remember how frightened the direiples of Jesus wmc, when, after his resuri ration, they were assembled together, and suddenly he appeared in their ifodst? S had more reiteon for terror than you hod; but Jesus gently removed torn and told them that a spirit had no visible fofm, i th?? mw He had. The soul is not more visible after tbe death of the body than while that body was its frail temple. ' Then yon soy rbat you saw this gboBt in the churchyard, as you were passing thai way, late one dark evening, filled as yonr head already was w ith superstitious nonBenseTthese circum stances made you the more apprehensive (as you ufterwaM. confess) ef seeing 44 something dreadful ;4- and by the aid o' to same disordered imagination the object you saw ieemed to more towards you; just as by night the moon seems to glide cloud to cloud, when it is lie clouds which move; and much?!! the same way your distracted vision misled you. After a'l the* plain fact of tbe tnatUT is tills i— On your way to or ''inr one daiknight. you bad 10 pass by a place of which Vou had a superstitious dread; the moon shed a peaceful white rav on one of the tombstones in the churchyard; you wore too terrified to look at it more closely, and to use your'oWn expressive lanm aVe you rushed home oa fast as your legs could carry you Mo6t people shrink from the bare idea of meeting a ' chant ' and ihuddu as they hear orsee any thing which reminds torn if these unpleasant myths. Why arc they afraid? It is b-rause STv16 !: H?!® Eccrct hammer which goes. up, uo ab their hearts, and which is called 44 Conscience U' VY.- painfully conscious of our sinfulness of nature that we 'dread having anything to do with one who ia not one of ourselves. 44 Conscit nee doth make cowards of us all.' ti'efeel that such a being would be a messenger of retribution, end not mercy, ti by should we feclafroid ! If we make our peace with God, he will be our guard ; and if He be for us, who shall prevail against us ! Nay, then, my friend, believe in ghosts if thou wilt, and fear not, but rather be glad ; for 44 He will give his sngels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways.'— 7Vie 