REVIEW. CRINOLINIAD, an epic poem by D. P. C., E. TIPPER, MAITLAND, N.S.W. This work is published in cantos of which we have received the first and second. That the author is a scholar there can be but one opinion on reading the elegant language in which the poem is couched throughout and that he has poetical genius the work itself will prove. This is not so much shown in the first as in the second canto. In the former, which is devoted to a description of the isle of Cyprus and the temple of Venus, he goes too much into minor details and uses ex- pressions which only the classical scholar can understand; this, however, is a pardonable fault. With the second canto we are very much pleased. It opens with the arrival at Cyprus of a ship containing a number of fair pilgrims to the shrine of Venus, and describes the ceremony per- formed before they could offer up their prayer to the Goddess. The plot lies in the fact that woman having lost the power of bringing man to love solicits Venus to help them in their sorrow. Some of the invocations contain a deal of poetic fire, others are written with a tinge of sadness which imparts a similar feeling to the reader. The prayer of the second females decidedly beautiful, and commences thus:-- Venus, all hail! thou fount of love and life! Spurn not the p!ea of mother and of wife; Let me address thee in our common name, Accept my homage and receive our claim. Kneeling to thee, a sad and blighted one By promises deceived, by false vows won; One that was once so happy and so free, Bound by the bonds that broken ne'er may be, The victim of eternal broils and strife, Behold in her a type of wedded life. She then recounts her woes, some of which we extract as applicable and true:-- Should we dress plainly, we are rudely told We're growing ugly, or are growing old. The gilded baubles, rained on us in show'rs, The well-turned compliment no more are ours; The silken robes, but late as trifles viewed, Their very cost possession doth preclude. We're termed extravagant, unfit to guide The household, ruined by our thoughtless pride; Like misers gloating o'er their sordid pelf, Their only thought concentres all in self. The invocation is continued in the same style and the suppliant concludes with a powerful appeal:-- Great Venus, hear!--O, pity our despair, And make our woes the object of thy care. Grant that for us Love's lamp once more burn bright, Restore to us its pristine glow of light!-- Grant us some charm to mitigate our pain, And bring the rovers to our sides again. Give back to us that which to us belongs, Relieve our griefs, avenge poor woman's wrongs! A maiden then pleads her cause asking for relief in a tender strain, at the end of which the author takes up his description again, his language rising to the lofty and majestic. Here is the sudden change-- But hark! what strange discordant sounds confuse The blending harmonies.--Wild piercing shrieks, Like those of a lost soul in agony, Pursued by Furies in the nether-worid, Freezing the blood and rooting to the earth The stiffened knees in terror.--Then succeeds The sounding tramp of footsteps hurrying on Towards the shrine, and clam'rous tongues proclaim With awe the fearful word, "The Oracle!" Above the tumult, stronger than the rest, Resounds the stern command, "Away, away! Hence, ye profane, nor longer dare polute The sacred precincts of great Venus' shrine, When, she herself thus condescends to speak Her mighty will." The devotees, in haste, Impelled by fear fall back, while the fierce screams Deeper and more intense appal the soul And shake the unstrung nerve.--And now appear Upon the threshhold of the secret vaults A spectral form, like wand'ring ghost escaped From Pluto's realms, whilst Charon heedless slept; Its snow-white garments flying loose, unbound, Its locks dishevelled and in tangled knots, Its dark eyes flashing with a lurid glare Within the darker pent-house of the brow, The pallid cheek and livid lip distort, Rigid and fixed and a corpse-like hue; The arms flung upwards, and the bony hands Grasping at empty air, and shrieking still, As worked by inward pain; the lab'ring breast Bares and upheaving with unequal throes And tott'ring forward with uncertain gait Reaches the tripos and assumes the seat. One minute's calm.--and then the fits recur With double torture, while convulsive spasms Writhe the attenuated frame anew.-- A spumy froth bedews the quiv'ring mouth, Till passed beyond all sell-control, and filled To bursting with the god-like ecstacy, Speech finds a vent and breaks forth into words. This is followed by the delivery of the oracle, and the pilgrim retires to await the promised boon. We anxiously look for- ward to the pleasure of reading the con- tinuation of this work, and wish the author success in his undertaking. Such poems have a tendency to elevate the human mind and increase the taste for classical literature; it should therefore be borne in mind that a gentleman who ventures to introduce it in this country deserves the encouragement of all. 