THE annual report of tlia Board of Land and Works opon tlie working of the Victorian Hallways, during the year 1866, is not altogather ot a satisfactory natur*. There i« an increase in the gross revenue from traffic receipts upon the preceding year, but when the working expenses of the two years are taken - into acconnt, tha result shown ii A slight decrease. This is accounted for chiefly by the insufficient accommodation for goods traffic at' the Melbourne terminus; and indirectly by the cheap fares which were allowed for pas- - senger. traffic during the latter part of the year. IT is believed that from want of accommodation the carriage of some 25,000 tons was lost daring the yaar. This is f only tąking into account the Melbourne station ; fant .it will be fonnd, we believe that this estimate really falls far below the trnth- In onr own district, we have been deluged with complaints relative to the insufficiency of the line for public requirements. The people of Woodend have been in A perpetual state of discontent, and it cannot be doubted that •ome thousands of ponnds have been lost to the revenue from this station alone, owing to the insufficiency of the rolling stock. TRUCKS could never be got in sufficient number for the timber. The farmers and produce dealers of Kyneton have had equal cause to grnmble. - Ton after ton has been either kept at the station for days, or carted away elsewhere in disgust; and it is only fair to presume that complaints which have been so rife here have not been unknown in other localities. So that WE need scarcely wonder that the traffic returns do not give such a satisfactory result as we could desire. As to the other cause—the reduction in fares—the report says:—" The tendency of reductions made in this manner (viz., by excursion fares) is to divert traffic from the higher to the lower rate; and as the opportunities of travelling Łt the lower rates are comparatively limited, this limitation restricts the amount of passenger traffio at other periods, thus causing a certain loss of revenue without any prospective advantage, such as would result from the gradual increase of the traffic were the facilities for travelling available equally on each day, and at uniform rates throughout the year" This, we are aware, bas always been the opinion of the Secretary, Mr Wright, and we are by no ireans prepared to controvert it. On the contrary, we have had abundant opportunities ot seeing that the argument is a just one. WE all know that when the cheap fares were in force during the Exhibition, there was an almost total cessation of passenger traffic, except upon the days when the excursion trains ran. But IT is open to question, we think, whether the ordinary tariff is not too high, and whether a general" reduction would not induce such an increase in travelling as would most mate- ' rially swell the yearly revenue- It is urged that already the fares are really lower than the average of. those charged on the English lines'. ' Without stopping to inquire into this, we may doubt whether it really has anything to do with the matter. Our population is limited; only a small proportion are likely to use the railways for actual business purposes, and it is surely worth while to consider whether, fay a reduction in fares, we could not induce A number of persons who do not at present use the line to do so. The experiment, at all events, is not such a hazardous one, that it might not be tried. We append the following traffic returns from the report, for the information of our readers I—• No. Tonnage Total Fasseńcers Goods. Amonnt. Keilor Boad. Sur. bury.. - "Woodend Kyneton Malmebury.. Toxadale 12,293 2,285 £3.000 34^06 7,691 9,646 "15.407 31,278 12.112 43,815 15,626 27.570 32.306 \- 11,710 18,199 20,746 1,148 4,M8 A pubiic meeting of the electors of Dalhousie was held at Gillatn's Hotel, Black Hill, last evening, to receive an explanation from" Mr' Sands, ML.A-. in connection with the recent libel action. There were between sixty and seventy, persons present, all of them electors with the exception of some half dozen. Councillor Hugh Mil vain occupied the chair. Mr Sands having addressed . the meeting, A resolution expressive of confidence in him waa carried with only two dissentients; a counter amendment having fallen to the ground for want of a seconder. THE residents of the Metcalfe Shire will {says the Castlemaine Daily Netcs) for the future, be spared the inconvenience and DELAY occasioned by their hiving to travel to Taradale for the purpose of transacting whatever .business they may have at the Police Court, as a Couit uf Petty Sessions, is to .be opened at Metcalfe oil. Wednesday, 29th instant, the Court days bong every alternate Wednesday, to be presided over, by MR-Heron, making IN all Eve different districts T}iat gentleman has now to attend to IN his capacity aś Police Magistrate and Warden. ; We regret having to record another serious fire whereby MR Hodge, fanner, Greenbfll; has been the eufierer to some extent, and only by dint of great perseverance was the whole of his grain saved from destruction. About 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, a large stack near the barn was observed to be on fire. The alarm was at once given, and the neighbours, with an alacrity which deserves great praise, turned out to a man to render what assistance they could towards extinguishing IT. A portion of the stack which first caught, was remnyedu *he hope of saving an adjoining one, but'without success. HIE adjoining stack canght fire and then the conflagration assumed A : very serious aspect. The neighbors had ten carte drawing water. 'Adjoining the -second stack which caugibtfire, was 'A large" barn,. and the most strenuous efforts were made to save it, as the whole ot Mr *Hodge>^RUN was stnred,there- It was covered with wet blankets, and by keeping THEM Eatniated with water tlie barn and its contents were uninjured Mr dodge is, we fare informed, a heavy loser. There is, as yet. not the slightest doe. as£o the origin of the "fire, but little doubt is entertained that it was the work of some scoundrel or another who we hope may BE BROUGHT IN justice. - In our report of the Choral Society's concert, last issue, we inadvertently omitted mentioning a duet, given by Messrs. Tyson and Gibson with wonderful success, entitled "Sound the Trumpet." It was loudly redemanded, and given much better the second than the first time. Mr. Tyson possesses a very rich and powerful baritone voice, and he appears to have a masterly control over it. Yesterday, three dippers had A lucky find new Newbury, having dropped upon a nugget węigh- INI BIBS some odd ounces in Snake QULLY. I ŁFR Barlow drew a crowded house last night, atthe Mechanics' Institute, and a more delightful entertainment it would be difficult to imagine. Mr Barb W is well known in- this district, having some few years ago tollowed the occupation of fanning, and has always been popular. The rapturous applause with which his songs and comicalities were received was highly flattering. The performance was opened by an overture. by Mr Hubert Stanley, an accomplished pianist, who is travelling with Mr Barlow. The sensational song—"Have you seen the Ghost T WAS remarkably well rendered. Mr Barlow followed with selections on a rocfc harmonium. We are not aware of what material this instrument is made ofc but, from the name, Bhould thiuk from rock. Whatever the make, Mr Barlow call " knock" good music out of it. Mr H. Stanley then gave a comic song, entitled—"Doing remarkably well.' It was well executed, but not in character. Mr Baifow then played an instrument called the Lantern. It is one of peculiar make, and BOmewhat resembles in tone a deep-toned concertina. Perhaps the best song Mr Barlow gave TN the first part was au Irish one, entitled "Pat Molloy.' It was re-demanded, and "Mr Barlow gave "Molly's Answer to Pat." The characteristic nart of the entertainment is no doubt the best. THE make-up of Mr Barlow M the different characters he assumes is very remarkable, as is also .the rapidity of bis changes. The besjt of his characteristic songs are "Pretty little Sarah and " MY own dear Wife and I. In. the fonnerhis explanation of " doing the heavy on eighteensfdUingt-awedc" would fiUanyOnewith Whter. In the latter the -old mm" IS TOT forcibly brought. to one's Bind. He avoids anything vulgar, but his expose in the Fair KIRL in check" showed us the necessity of ladies not wearing too muxh crinoline! The negro part suits Mr Barlow wonderfully. Ihe eong and dance "Jersey Pride" was loudly and hereplied with"Maggie ilooral which filled the audience with convulsive laughter. In tins part Mr Barlow played on several instruments, the banjo harmonium, and an .instrument he calls the "gridiron" all being tastefully performed on. The latter is a novelty in its way, but he evidently seems to be a perfect master of it The last song " The blue tailed fly, winch we believe is Mr Barlow's favorite, was something extremely rich: The imitation of the blue meat fly, being perfect. Onecould almost fancy that there were some "flies near Mr U. but he assured the audience there ' were no flies about him-" Oil the whole, it would be hard to pass a more pleasant evening than can be spent with Mr Barlow. He announced that he shonld perform at Malmsbury to-night, and IN Woodend on Monday. From thenoj he proceeds to Melbourne, to " do Ą month, at the eipiration of which time he revisits Kyneton, and will give an entertainment for the benefit of the Kyneton Hospital. We can only conclude with wishing Mr Barlo w that success which a generous man like him deserves . In the Legislative Council, on Wednesday, the hon Mr Mitchell said be was UNDER the necessity of proceeding to New bouth Wales, and would therefore ask the House to accord him leave of absence. He regretted having to Eo away at the present time, because he was the chairman of the committee appointed in connection with the Constitution of the Council. As, however, the hon Mr Sladen had kindly consented to take his place, he thought the House would not refuse to grant him leave of absence The hon Mr Anderson moved that the hon Mr Mitchell be granted a month's leave of absęnce.' The hon Mr Sladen seconded the motion, which was agreed to. We take the following from the report of. Thursday's Supreme Court proceedings published in yesterday's Argus Be insolvency statute and tbe estate of James Bobinsou Douglas, an insolvent. Mr Lawes for a creditor; Mr Webb for the official assignee. This vat an application to,the Court to vary the assignees iplaii of disttibntion. by striking out from his account of charges and expenses certain items, amStfiilimg to about ^30, in jespect. of the feed and caretaking of a valuable horse prior to; his being sold. After bearing counsel at length,his Honor reserved judgment. ]( We quote the following from the MOUM Alexander Mail of yesterday :—The tributors working the Lord Malmsbmy CO's claim at Taradale. Greenweli and party, have struck payable gold, A better prospect than has hiUierto been obtained in this locality. A trial • tub taken from theface gave the handsome return of 4|dwt. The stope of washdirt is about three feet in thickness, and it is expected will average 4dwt or 5dwt to the tub- The ground is dipping down, and is naturally expected to get better; the gold is of a small but solid description, 8 uch as is frequently found on A reef contiguous to a rich gutter. The company have had much difficulty to contend with, as the mine has been some time standing idle and the pumps chofced. They have now got all things in working oider, and feel so sanguine of success, that tbey are warranted in putting on more hamds. Next week they hoped to be able to report the proceeds of a good machine. Should they prove successful it wilt be the means ot opening OP a wide field for enterprise, as no claim is working on the Coliban side from this to Taradale, A distance of four miles. A party of Italians are about to commence a tunnel from the wellknown Italian garden ou the Coliban side to find the lead about midway between Taradale AND Malsbury. The Lady Darling Co. are also sinking another shaft nearer to the Coliban- 