Tub blundering arrangement?, fo far at least as this colony is- concerned, which were made at the recent Intercolonial Postal Conference, rise up from time to timo an unwelcome apparition, like Ban- quo's ghost, _ as .if to prorent the public from forgetting tho mismanagement, to giro it no severer appellation, which characterised the proceedings ef the rcpro sentatives of Victoria on that occasion. When tasod -with consenting to nn ar rangement which ignored tho claims of Melbourne to bo the terminus and starting point of at least the Suez route, Mr. Veiidon declared that neither ho nor Mr M'Cdllocii had given their adhesion to any such arrangement, lie suid that the understanding arrived at at tho Con ference on this particular matter was,' that Melbourne was to be the grand depot for tho arrival and depnrturo of the mails for at least the Suez route, as soon as the graving-dock at Witliamstown was com pleted, or so far advanced towards com pletion as to bo able to accommodate the P. and O. Company's steamships; and that with respect to the other lines of steamers, viz., those going by Panama and Torres Straits, nothing definite was settled as to what port should bo tho maiu terminus. He was asked vrhcro was the evidence or proof of any such understanding in the pub lished minutes of tho Conference ; and his reply was that tliero was no written agree ment, but that there had been a taeit under standing come to by tho delegates to :that effect. This was felt to bo such n lame and impotent conclusion, that the lion, gentleman was further asked what col lateral evidence ho could adduce in sup port of it. And his reply was that ho had had correspondence with Mr. Pabkes, Minister ot New South Walc3, which would show what he alleged to be the base. He was pressed to produce this corre spondence, butthehon gentleman declined on tho very absurd and untenable ground that it was a private correspondence, and that he had applied, to Mr. Pabkes by telegraph to allow him to malco tho corre spondence public, hut that Mr. Pabkes had declined to consent to its production in Parliament, and that hence ho was unable to lay it before tho House. Now, how was it, or is it, possible to ascribe the character of private" '"to" toy eorro- sp'ondonee between two Ministers of ' dif ferent colonies .with respect to a public transaction of . such importance, aud c f such an open and plain business character, as the' arrangements agreed to at u con ference of intercolonial representatives about the conveyance, of the colonial ocean mails?. Such a subject did not involve any of those secret: negotia tions, which spring out of tho diplo matic consultations of European states-' men, and which' prudence often requires to bo kept for a tiuie from tho public view. It was a simple matter of a supposed misunderstanding as to the purport of a certain alleged agreement, suid to have been arrived at on a very commonplace affair, namely— as to whether onb port, and not another, had been fixed upon as the depot for the arrival and departure of the Bteamships travelling upon one or more of the postal routes decided oh by the Conference. Thore could . bo nothing to conceal on such a, question, unless indeed it was tho negligence of our repre sentatives in not making the point as to the fixing of the depot certain: and placing it beyond all doubt. When doubts did arise on tho matter, it was the interest'of Mr.VEEDON to remove them, if it was in his power to do so. It was for the pur pose of removing them that he;had entered into correspondence with. Mr. Pabkes, and if tho correspondence did remove these doubts, and did make it plain that justice had been done by our delegates to tho port of Melbourne, there could be no inotivo for concealing that correspondence either on the part of Mr. Vebdon or Mr Pabkes. None on the part of Mr. Veedon assuredly, because the pro- ?ucti<m of the correspondence would, if it were to the effect which that gentleman stated, put an end to all tho dissatisfaction which was, and is, felt with him and Mr. M'CutLocn upon the matter. And_ in liko manner, as far as ,Mr. Pabkes is concerned, if the corre- spondcnco would show that tho claims of the port of' Melbourne had been fully respected and done justice to, tho pro duction of tho correspondence would simply set at rest now what will bo in disputably set at rest tho moment tlio postal treaty comes into practical opera tion. For, at that moment, if Mr. Yeu- don's view of the arrangements of the Conference is correct, the port of Mel bourne will at once become tie facto as well as d: jure tho actual depot of the Suez line, at least. It could servo no good purpose for either of tbo gentlemen con cerned, therefore, to keep their corre spondence secret, once the public in oitlior colony sought to have it produced. And j it is only a porpetuation of the alleged original blundering for both these gontlo men to shroud their correspondence with each other in mystery as they have done, bnt as they must not bo allowed any longer to do p for, tho public interests must not bo subjected to any hocus-pocus in a matter liko this. Tho public must bo left no longer in doubt as to whether there has, or has not, been any blunder committed of a fatal naturo to the supremacy of tho port of Melbourne ; and if there has been, the blunderer must not bo allowed to eseapo under cover of tho alleged private nature of tho official correspondence. All that has transpired on tho sub ject up to tho present moment goes to show either that thero has boen most culpable and stupid careless ness, or that_ thero is gross duplicity on the one side or the other, in these negotiations. Mr. Vebdon, here in our Legislature, . appeared anxious to produce tho correspondence, and said that bo was alone prevented by special iuj unction from Mr. Pahkes from taking that courso. Mr. Pabkes, in the Sydney Legislature on last Wednesday night, declared that he, too, wished to givo publicity to tho correspondence, but that Mr. Vebdon prohibited his doing so What is the meaning of this ? If Mr. Vebdon really desired the production of these communications, as he stated, and was only restrained from that course through delicacy towards Mr. Pabkes' wishes, surely when Mr. Pabkes no longer wished to keep tho correspondence secret, Mr Vebdon ought, in conformity with his own previously .expressed desire, to hare rejoiced at tho opportunity of publicity; and have at once not only consented to Mr. Pabkes producing it, but bare even urged him to that courso; If the correspondence would vindicate Messrs. Vebdon and M'CuEnocn, aud would show that they had not played false to tho duty ontrusted to them of earing for tho interest of Melbourne in the Postal Conference, how can we suppose that Mr. Vebdon would prohibit "its publication, espenialjy when tho only obstacle to its production _ previously — namoly, ' Mr. Pabkes' objections — were removed by Mr. 'Pabkes himself ? Neverthless, wo find Mr. Pabkes telling the Sydney Legisla ture last Wednesday night, that Mr. Veb don would not allow hira to lay tho docu ments before the. Parliament and tbo public. This state of things is not rccon- cileablo with common senso or with fair dealing cither to Mr. Vebdon himself or to this colony, and yet it is Mr. Vebdon himself who lias brought about this same state of things. Is this a modern instance of the brotherly love of. Damon and Pi'thias ? Does Mr. Vebdon seek to sacrifice himself for. the sake of. Mr. Pabkes, whilst Mr. Pabkes insists on saving Mr. Vebdon from martyrdom, if the latter will but only let him? There is no longer room i'or pretence of delicaoy and official reservo in the affair, for the members of tho Sydney Legislative Assembly have been very plain- spoken 011 tlic matter-Messrs M'CtJLLocn and V ebdon, the Victorian delegates at the Conference, were openly taxed by several of the speakers in the debate with having invented falsehoods, in their statements respecting Mclbonrno being "made the depot ior the Suez lino ; and Mr. Pabkes, who was sitting present, did not contradict this accusation. Nay, more ; letters from the South Australian dole- gates wero produced at tho same time' in tbo Sydney Legislature, which lettors confirmed Mr. Pakices' assertion that Melbourno « as not fixed upon as the ter minus and starting point of the steamers on tho Suez line. And, in nddition to this, we already know that tho Now Zea- laud delegates, when they returned home, and when they could not possibly have known any thing of the controversy .which had just arisen here and in Sydney as to tho point now in dispute, announced iu the courso of their report that Sydney had been fixed upon by the Conference as tho last port of arrival and the first of depar ture for tbo steamers on all the three Hues. Wc think, tbon, that after this concurrence of testimony has been exhibited on the point, tho time is past for our delegates keeping up any further pretence' of mys tery ; and that as the whole business is " bristling" with contradictions, tho sooner that Messrs. Vebdon and M'Cuitocn givo forth " 11 plain unvarnished tale " of truth on tho matter, the sooner will they re-establish tlioir own credit ns inch of business, fit to he entrusted with 'tho interests of an important country. In the Legislative Council tlils nfternoon, Mr. Fellows fs to movo that a select committee be appointed lo inquire Into the administration of the Department of tho Law Officers of the Crown. The Constitution cf Council 1)111 and the Consolidation Acts Amendment Bill are set down for second readiog. The business In the Legislative Assembly to-day will consist in tho consideration of some of the numerous orders of the day set down upen the nolico paper, and it Is likely that the ad ditional supplementary estimates will he snli. initied. 1 1 Is more than probable that' ail dtlier ' business will have to give way'to anothSr hroseh of privilege cise, orbing out of a lending article in Fiiday's Age, in which it is stated that " Mr. Hargreavea was waited upon by a momherof the Assembly, and politely informed ibat.lf he did:- not givo 10 per cent, of the money es a bilbo to two memheis, and L50 each lo six others) lie was certain to have his application' rejected bat' that if he would agree to give tho required ' tip,' auecees was certain." . . The limbless at the Ballaarat Circuit Court commenced yesterday morning, at 10 o'clock before his Honour, Mr. Justice Barry. Mr! Adamson prosecuted for the Crown. Upwards of an hour was taken up in cmpineMnij! the juries, end in disposing of a few unimporiatit ousts of uo public interest. The Interior precincts of ih9 court, which was held in the police court, Ballaarat East, were crowded to excess in nnlivU pstlon ef tho trial of Scarlo and Bail.m for the murder of Mr, T. U. Burke, tho. agent for LSe" Bank of Australasia at Sinythesdoie. Itiwus arranged, however, that they should not be tried until Tuesday morning (this day). Thursday next was fixed for tho trial of George Manlon for the murder of bis wife at Buptoyong.' , ' A meeting of the inhabitants of. Richmond was held . lost evening, nt the Orderly-room" Gipps street, for the -purpose of proiesting gainst n portion or the Richmond, Paddock, set apart for a recreation reserve) being taken up as the site of a hospital. The Mayor, of Rich mond was called to the chair, and briefly opened tho meeting ; after whleb, Mr. Cutter moved the first resolution, protesting strongly against proposal to take the only high ground ia the park, which had been Intended for recreatlun, for a hospital. Dr. Stewart seconded the mo tion, nnd pointed out the fact that so far as. bad appeared, there was no necessity for more hos pital Ecectniu edition, and that tho proposal for the Intended building bad originated with tho physicians and surgeons who bad | been thrown out at the last election' of honorary medical office" for the, Melbourne Institution. Air. Hill moved an amendment to the effect that the site selected and Ihe proposal for a hospital met with the concurrence of tho residents. The amendment was seconded by Mr. Rodio, and supported by several other persons, one of whom asserted that In Dublin, where ho came from, there was not so much infectious disease round the hospitals as at long distances from them. After being supported by several speakers the motion was carried ; and two other propositions — denying the right of the City Council, cs the custodian ol the reserve, to givo it up against the wishes of those living near to tho spot referred to, who were interested in it ; and agreeing to ask the members for the district to represent tho matter to Government in a deputation — were also agreed to. The meeting then broke up with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The business nt the City Council yesterday was rather unimportant, with tho cxceplion of that referring to the question of stone for the proposed town- hall which was discussed at con siderable length. It was proposed to voto L400 for sending two members of the council round the colonics to Hie various qinrrles, accompanied by an architect and au analytical chemist, to find out the best and most durable stone; but the preposition was postponed for n week by tho casting vote of the Mayor. Tho Melbourne Criminal Sessions were com menced yesterday, before hie Honour Mr. Justice Williams. Alfred II. Willis, who was brought up for the bank robbery nt Tarnagulla, pleaded not guilty to the charge and was remanded for his trial, which it is expected will take piece to day.' 'ilio trial of Mr. M'Cann, M.L.A., was postponed to next sessions, on the application ol Mr. Dawson, who said it was intended to apply to the Full Court for a change of venue. Mr. M'Cann was admitted to bail on the same sure ties cs heretofore, namely, two of L150 each. Joseph M'Intyrc, a cabman, who had been com mitted for trial on n charge of having, whilst drunk, run over an old man named Thomas Fleming, in Smith street, Coillngwood, aud in flicted injuries which caused death, pleaded guilty, liLd was sentenced to one year's Im- pif.-onmenl. Particulars of other cases appear in another column. Mr. M. Herbert, Who was violently assaulted a short time hack at Kilmorc, by a man named Cuirv, has died from tho injuries he then re ceived. A verdict cf manslaughter was returned by the coroner's jury against Curry, . who was eonsequenlly committed for tiisl. A public notice, signed by several master bakers, appears lu cur mlvertlilng.coluins to day, intimating that they arc no parties to tho anonymous advertisement which appeared iii yesterday's papers, notifying that tho p-.lco of bread would he advanced to 7d; tha 41b. loaf ; and moreover, staling that (hey had made no nltorntion in tho price of bread, which remains at Cd. the 41b, loaf, Mr. Jonathan Armstrong, son of Mr. Richard Armstrong, farmer, of Irrewarra, was drivieg a horso and enrt near Mr..Bcnl's fence, on Wednes day afternoon, when the animal became frightened by a mob of horses going in the same direction, ond kicked Mr. Armstrong, who was In tbe'drny, in the stomach. He never rallied, but died oh Thursday night, in spiie of the attention of two medicolmen. " Tho southern distticts of Rivcrlna nro begin ning to feel the iffecls of the late severe weather, on the eastern seaboard, but In no very serious degree, The Tuppoll Creek is runnfpg from rain-water — the second time for .these twenty years. The Murray is rising steadily, trail so is the Edward. The Murrumbidgce is running over- from the fills on tlio mountains of the Bathurst district. The drainago of a thousand hills is cartied into this great river, and to the Lachlan, which Is again ovetflowing. Large flats on the Lower Murrumbldgee are covered, rendering travelling next to impossible, and dangerous iu tho highest degreo. Tho town of Hay has been in n state of siego, and is only approachable from tho south in boats, and nearly ail the lateral ond back creeks are filled along the Murrumbldgee to its junction with the Murray. The Yanko, Cnlnmlio, oud Blllabong - ore nil sharing in this piece of good fortune ; thero is enough wntor iu them for tbreo years, should we liave no more ralu f.-.r that period. Air. Grelg, of Emerald Hill, who was the plaintiff iu nu action at tho local court on Salur- day, for damage to property, wiites to us to say that a statement mado by a witness named Stewart, to the effect that when his (Greig'v) house wr.s going up, the building was driven into the anm of the defendant by the cutting awny of the eaves from that person's house at night — ihouid not he credited, becauso the, wit ness has, he asserts, shown a great animus against him throughout tho whole dispute, which has beeu several - times before the police court ; nnd also because the carpenters who did the work of his iicuee denied its truth. Travelling by the road in South Rlverlna nt this sen-on of tho year eaunot he an agreeable" undertaking for any iudlvlduni, high or low. How a Judge ol New South Wales fared on tho occasion of his engaging In a erulse upon wheels between Deailiquin nod Hay, may be gathered from tho following lively sketch, taken from a Deniliquin journal:—1 " His Honour Judgo Francis will ha aide to tell the Sydney folk hie experience in travelling through Southern Rivetina. The learned J udge, who is somewhere between Gft. aud 7/t. high, went to Hoy on Satmday night last by Cobb's conch- distance, eighty miles ilirough mud and water, ond none but those who have endured the purgatory can describs that toilsome journey during about fifteen hours. Sometimes the coach rocks from ' sldetp side with violence; at other times its motion is upwards nnd downwards. One moment the passengers' heads ore bumped ogain9t the sides with great force; at another the heads are' struck against the roof with a degree of violence peculiarly unpleasant even to persons whose sensibilities ore not i f tho keenest kind. ! His Honour was inerelletsly punished, ami ho threatened the driver with all the pains and penalties of tho law. Sometimes it was n fi fa. or a ca sa., then a ca.. re., then a do lunatico viqmrcnc.0 ; alter Ilk thero was to be a little go in the Court of Hay— hut in vain. Smack went tlio whip, round went tho wheel. t mes ploughing through mud aud slop, at other times the coach wu3 half swimming, and o'l tho nppeuis of the esteemed Judge wero vaiD. Eventually he reached Southern Hay, wkero his Honour had to toko u boat for nbout n mile; It , would be a great convenience to persons of tho' learned Judge'svtaturo if 'they wero made on the" .telescopic principle — to open ond shut. i Hi Honour on bis return to Deniilqula on Tuesday/ took . breakfast at Roberts' hotel— pertraps to file a bid of recovery. He was n picture of despair, patience exhausted, and especially eick of life in Soutlieru/Ulverina." " 1 The dhnppeoranca from Vranklinford !of a mm named Werner, otherwise Brcsny, ulnce the leth June, lias never been accounted for, and it is feared thnt.be has bebn mur- f ' , ilC 'nost suspicious, circumstance nbout his abjciice is, that n favou'rlto little dog.of his was found looked In his hut. . There areother- \- 2C C, it is eel, |, lauding, to show that a murder ;h»d-bcei. .committed.- The detective. poilee, for , nearly, a -fortnight, .hnve been quietly following in flnH . u ?l lh0 mitti!r» nn'l Endeavouring; c Bauks; the men now in cua-' tody on suspicion of being the assassin of Warner,' ls;a repulsive- looking fellow. ' <-utDty Court yestordoy, three rate': payers of Brigliton were summoned for payment of a rate .truck Iu July, 1804, tho defence being that it was a retrospective rale. The books of the council showed , that thoro were debls "u"e C7G1 7s. 7d. due on contracts, which i U was considered was presumptive evidonce that the Tale wat'nienn t to pay off tha debts, aud wos therefore retrospective nnd bad nccordlng to the recent decision of the Supremo Court in the case of Nevvinon v. the Alayor of Mary borough. The Court held that the objection raised by the defendants was n good ono, and nonsuited tlie plninilffs. . (i,«TriuIl!0l,0r ' the Aiy'um »nil School for thn Blind eekuowlcdgea tbo receipts of tho following sums ;_Mr, M. Curtain, J.P., Ll : Messrs -O'CaUaglmn and Swan, 11 Is. ; Mr. George .Stirling, ; n is,; Mr. Edwin Fuller, 2<. Cd. ; Messrs. Crouch nnd Wilson, L2 2s. ; Mr. B. Barnett, 10s Cd.; Mr. T. H. Thwaltos, 10s.; Air. R. Gudemann, Ll Is. ; Air. James Aloore, Ll 9s. Cd. ; Alessrs. Lyell nnd Gowan, Ll Is. ; Air. Alars Allllcr, J.P., Ll ; Fitzroy Borough Council, L10 10s. ; Alessrs. Felton Grimwade nnd Co., Ll Is ; Air. Charles Lister, Ll ; Arr. A. Morrison, hi. A,, Ll ; Mr. Samuel Goldsmith, 5s. ; Ilobson'a Bay Soap Company, 1 box soap, value Ll 10s, Thoro was a tolerably good attendanoo nt the Suhscrlpllon Bettlug-room last night, and n fair nmount of business wo» transacted. The pric- clpol feature was the rapid advance of Tarn worth, about whom all the 100's to 5 offering were freely taken ; 2000 fn 50 was laid against Cowra, and 1000 to 20 offered against Nimblcfoot. A considerable gathering of sporting mon as sembled on the Old Racecourse, Geelong, yes terday, In order to witness n match between Mr, Lamhlo's Flying Dutchman nnd Mr. Wll- mott's Beeswing, for L20 a tide. Flying Dutch man won the roco ; but ns it was proved that bslh horses went inside a post, the race was run over again, when Beeswing camo in on easy winner by twelve lengths. A court for revising the voters' llsls for tho aliire of Wyndham took piece yesterday at Wil- liarastewn, before Messrs. Dowman nnd Moson. Air. Haynes, the secretary for tho Wyndham Council, submitted tho various llsls, with the notices of tha claims and objections made. The Bench admitted four names, and struck one nnrae out of tlio list for the North Riding; and on the South Riding list six new names were inserted, ar.d four otbera were expunged. Tho revision of tlio Williamstowu burgess roll was held at tho same time and place, before Air. Dowman (the Mayor) and Messrs. White and Buclrde, ofbiS- sors. One claimant's name wss Inserted, and the names of three others were struck off. We have Adelaide papers to tho 12th, but there Is no intelligence of any Interest that has not been anticipated by our tclrgrdms. A meet ing of the unemployed took place at Koorfuga, tho Burra Burra township, ou tho 6th, nt which 300 persons wero present. It was resalvid to press upon the Government the necessity of pushing forward the public works nnd to enter upon others of a reproductive character. Air. George Lewis is abjut to leave fur Cal cutta with a dramatic company, Including Airs. Lewis (Miss Roso Edou'n), Miss Julia Edouln; Air. and Mrs. South, AIlss Melville, Mr. and Airs.' Chapman, Air. J. II. Allen, and Air. Hay- gnrth. , The. company, which numbers twenty persons, will loavo by. the Ehip Underley, probably in tho oourreof to- moirow. Anuuiber of horses will ho shipped . to Calcutta by this opportunity. Robert Polls, ono of the men Employed on board the Government dredge nt Footscray, reported to tho pel Ice that he had found the body of a tnau near tho dredge, and had removed It to the; Stouley Arms hotel for the purpose ol identification, Tho remains nro those of n man about forty-fivo to fifty years of age, about 5<t. 8iu. in height, stout build, dark hair turning to grey, large sandy beard, whiskers and moustache, one toolhoutof right shlo of upper jiw. ' Tho body was dressed in grey tweed shooting jacket, with ono outside of dark tweed, light tweed. vest with two outsida pockets ou I ho left side, two shepherd's plaid shirts, light tweed trourcrs patched on bolh knees, half worn Engiislt-iaadet elastic -side bcols, white cotlon socks, linen collar, old plaid scarf outside of light coloured silk pocket-handkerchief with yellow border round bis neck. In his pockets were found two cotton handkerchiefs — ono spotted, the oilier white— a lead pencil, 17s. lid. in silver and copper, i Two stones — probably specimens — ono nhout1 -Sib. weight the other about lib., were found in the pockets of the outside eoat. The btdy had probably been in tlio water 6even or eight days. The sixth annual meeting of the Metropolitan and General Building Socioty was held last evening, the president in the chair. The annual report, which was adopted, set foith that forty shares had been sold, at an nveragc premium of Lll 13s. OjJJ, per share, which, 'with shares withdrawn) had satisfied eighty. ilx investing shares during the past year; tha arrenrs on borrowed shares amounted to only L185 10s Tho balance-sheet showed — Liabilities, LC619 10s.; assets, L13.593 3s 8d ; including cash iu hand, L19 Gr ; leoving a bnlauce of 10973 133\. 81. That balance, divided among 183J Bhares, exhibits a profit of L37 19s Pj- 1. per sharo, added to wlii.h aro six year,' subscrip tions, LSC per share, showing the apparent valuo of each share to bo L73 19s. 0£d Tho elections of the following officers were confirmed ; —President, II. Templeton ; treasurer, J S lyee ; auditors, Alessrs. Lloyd and Knight; commit tee, Messrs. Bamber, Blekford, Coates, flapper-' ton, Ecker.-nll, Hayter, Kiusmau, Radoljffe, Snowden, and Vasey. The collections in aid of the Floods Relief Fund arc progressing very satlsfactorl'y About L228 was added to the Fund last c-ven- iDg, of which Mr. John Wilson, oi Croniands, contributed LlOO. . Air. Henry Hopkins, of Hobart Town, has written lo tho committee, expressing his willingness to subscribe LlOO, ou the same conditions as thoro prescribed by Air. Leormonth end Mr. Guesden. A tea-meeting was held last night in the ATcthodist New Connexion Church, William and Rossiyn etreets, West Alelbourne, tho pro ceeds of which are to bo devoted towords the building fund of the Sabbath-school now in csurse of erection. About 150 persons sat down to tea, 'after which a concert of sacred music was given and prored highly successful, the various soloists and (bo choir of the church acquitting themselves in a highly salbfrctory manner. . Scarcely a month passes without the London Weekly Dispatch contaiuing a libelupbn one or other of the Australian colonics. Such mis statements as that concerning NiwSonth Wales, and to which this journal recently called attend' Hon, arc so manifestly reckless in character. 'that their virulence Is neutralised. The irabid Americapbabia of the London. jourqidilfifeven more'plaiuly developed than' his dislike .'aqd'- dis- gust of Australia and Australians; but who will believe a writer capable of such uatruih, ns this Dispatch terlbo has. been convicted of uttering ?. Did we not know the fellow's metier, wo should nave beeu nlmest inclined to tako his diatribes against the United States as bcaring'tho sem blance of well- grounded invective. Even tho following phllllpic upon tho connection of tho States with the .Mexican collapse might have: . been accepted as at all oventB founded ori1 feet : ..".Confessedly the Government of Maximilian was the one chance for tho establishment of such endurable polity as would lift a population of internecine hordes Into a nation. The presence of a foreign foreo was absolutely necessary no a polico to coatrol banditti. There was nothing whatever in the. enterprise of Napoleon save its romantic want of affinity to evcry-dey polities, open to rebuke or unfnvourablo criticism, Had not the United Stales interfered, Mexico would havo become on organised state, with every chance of national prosperity, - with some hope of tnoral existence. - The mere covetousnoss — Hie empty Ignorant presumption of tha North American people— denied Ibis chance to tho Mexican isil- -lious.- Itdi-J not suit tho selfish aud pragmatical notions of these tyros in politics who, becauso they know next to nothing,- consider, t Dense Ives masters of' .all political lore, to allow another form of government lo stand beside their o wn peculiar anarchy regulated by corruption'/ The fate of the Emperor ond Empress is deeply touching iu its individuality.; hut even this is nothing to the desecration of buihunily, the utter flinging bipk into barbarism of u whole race, by delivering It over to the bfigandngo of- such ruffians as Poiflrlo Diaz and.'hfs cimur- derers. It is now urged upon the Americans that, since they have driven Maximilian from tbo field by the action of iheir twa flljlbustera ond the countenance they have ostentatiously af forded to thoso who could not replace him, they are now bound to step in nnd rcsloro possible political life. Of couisa, the very end aud pur port of all their dishonesty nnd arrogance was to seiza this prey. It may prove „ curse to them or their posterity — poHlicol Iniquity always meets such retributions ; but for the moment the VJlalny has. tho reward It covets. Not all tho American Slates can do, much lesa all they will. do, can ntono to Alexlco for the — cruelty of this InlervenUon! To' 17 lha Battled; the results are clear. Wo have' U record this evil lu tho page of history ly! f ,0 long censed to trouble ourselves with the i„. , affairs of tho Republic, save when J„V rngeous mis-teaohera affect to treat Ain),t acts as models for Imitation ; but Great n i, ,U is a uuit in the world's community, and wi,. people is denied its very hope of endurable cxUt" enco to gratify the vices of another, wo nofn .iT fact and wo judge it." At the Bnllan-nt Clreutt Court yes'rrSi George Peilislcr, with the alios of Louis Willfn pleaded guilty to various charges of obtaining money nnd goods by false pretences. Orin r these was that ho had LlOO lodged In the bans ol the French Consul in Alelbourne, n„ remanded for sentence. ' ary "M The ladles ot Ballaarat nro exertion- selves to obtain the establishment iu thnt"!" of a female refuge. 11 The Count do la Clinpello yesterday fiieij hl schedule and bec-nmo Insolvent under the name r Alfred Chepelle Morton. The Piiucess Theatre and tho Theatre Comlqua, of which places of orausement tlie count hud so very recently be como the manager, wero closed Jast night th« company not having been previously paid, ' Air. J. H. Bakeweil, collector to tbo Borero-di Council of Daylcsford, died very suddenly on Saturday morning. The previous day he was in Ids usual health, but had expressed some annoyance nt a rumour that the borough coun cil were to deprivo him of his office as collector" About 5 o'clock ho went home, and dined at c after which he lay down on the sofr and seemed' rnther low-spirited. He went to bed nb ut p> o'clock, nnd about 4 on Saturday asked lib wife for a cup of water, which when she gave hira bo wos unable to teko. Ho then began la fnore very much, nnd his breathing wn3 Tery heavy until about 6 o'clock, when lie appeared to get onsier, nnd after mut e lug " Mary Ann, ''ho died The cause of death was sanguineous apoplexy' The deceased had resided iu Daylesford tor thirteen years, and was much respected; A large dam at tho (Green Hill Ranges bunt n fow days ago, and caused groat destruction to tho crops of the settlers ou tho land Ivim. below It. s In yesterday's Herald we reported the dis covery of tho body of a man n;:m:d M'CtiHoch. The throat ofdeceused was cut, and it wss sup! posed that ho had committod suio'do. At the coroner's inquest, held nt Mnldon on Saturday afternoon, such was proved to bo the CBse. Twelve tons of grapes and thirty hogsheads of wine have been produced this year from five acd a half acres of vines In full hearing, grown by Air. Diedrlcb, of Fyausford. At the Geelong Polico Court, yesterdey' Murdoch AI'Leod was charged with giving a valueless cbequo lo Air. Davis, of tho Britannia hotel, in payment of a pint of two-oles. The ensp occupied over an hcur, nnd' the fraud amounted to 64., the chequn having been held by fhe landlord, trad no chango having bcea given. The prosecution was conducted ity the sub-inspector of police, the obitf superin- tendout being aho present to watch the case which was of the most trumpery noturo, nudoce' that ought not to havo been brought Into court. After bearing the evidence of the prosecutor, his son, Ml'.. Goldsmith, a " fighting raus,clan,"'lwo buck clerks, tlio apprehending constable, nod Detective Ilartncy, Mr. Mocaamara said gravely that was the ease for the. Crown. . The Bench dismissed tho charge instantly, amhl the sup- pressed laughter of a crowded court. At the Ballaarat Circuit Court yesterday, Wong Qung, n Chlne:e, wns found guilty oi stealing a quantity of valuable cement, tlio pro perty of the Britnnuia Gold Alining Company, on the 8th June last. He was remanded lot sentence. At .Benalla on Wednesday, a man namui Houlihan hod hfs jaw-bone dreadfully fractured by a kick from a her te which he wss broiking iu. The man was rendered insensible, nnd re- mdned so for n ling time. When the doctor arrived,' he found tho poor felloe so utterly .exhausted that his life was in a very precaricui condition. He has sko: rallied, and is now likely to recover. Dr. Crocknon, coroner, who officiates 'in tha Lesrmonth district, got u rather smart rap on tho knuckles the other day from a jury he Iitd summoned to inquire into. the neath of iin-inMnt tb'nt hc'himself find attended. Dr. Butlor ef Ballnnrat, deposed that lie had examiijg!',/ir body, and said that death resulted from h fe I debility, from teething. The jury returned s verdict ia nccordance with tha medical evi dence, but added as a rider, " That, iu their opinion, there wns no need of en Inquest." A " Penny Reading" enterlainment, in r.Mcl the sufferers by the floods in New South Wnle=, Is nnuounced to be given this evening, at the Prahrnn Town. hall. All nttcmpls to elucidate the mystery which surrounds tho disappearance of the Davltsfoid ' children hnve proved abortive. Still, the search has not been abandoned. On Sunday a number of men examined tho rouutry on tlie'enst side of the Wombat. Creek, bat gained no tidings of the poor little fellows . Tho black trackers are siiil out. At n meeting of the subscribers to the rewntd fund, held ou Friday evening, Hie pro- I prlety of fixing a tluie within which the di«. I coverers oi tlsc boys should ho entitled to reword I was discussed. It, was stated that the money I was subscribed under Hie impression that tha I boys would he discovered witbin a day or two. I The hope of recovering them olive must now ba I abandoned, and the discovery would lie a matter I of chance. To pay money uuder such eiicuis. I stances would not he carrying out Ihe fntendoet I of the , subscribers, whoso object wns to Induce I parties to engage in n search . It-was Alien pro I posed, ond unnnfmrusly cgrced to, that the lime I up to which tho reward will ho paid should bs I jfoiited to the 1st of August inclusive, after which I tfifteaihe money in baud will bo repaid the gen- I tlemen from whom it was received. I ..John Blslce pleaded guilty, nt ihe. EuHaorat I Circuit Coutt ycfitsidav, to. having stolen i I 'ptirso containing money' and a 'cheque, lit I property of Chniles Dyer. Ho was remanded I for sentence. I Two youths, brother?, named respeclivelf I William and Samuel Allen, plentltd gulltv to I two charges of horse-slctdiiig ut tho Ballaartl I Circuit Court .yesterday. A third btoiher, I George, who hero Ihe alius of Wilson, was irupli- I cated in the same-charges, hut elected to takeblt I trial. He was kurid guilty oti tho first, but ws I recommended to mercy.. On tho second charge, I anolher j ury, after some deliberation, fouud kite I Hp, was remanded. I -Ellzibeth Ann -Canovnn, n child under it® I years of age, was brought before the Geeloag I Bench, yesterday, eha-ged with bei-'go ueglcctid child. The evlduuce ol Constable D'Arcv slic-wtd I that ho had found the girl In bed with u msr, nt the house of her mother, which was a ceiumoB H brothel. There were Borne other men ar.d pre- stitutes in tho- house at the tiioc. The girl a" I remnnded unlll this dny, end' a warrant grsnte! H for tho apprehension of tho mother. I At Wood's Point and Afotloek the weather hd been bitterly inclement. Those who enjoy hypSI H borenn climates -would, no doubt, regard 'h' H latter place just, now wl.h particular f»vo«r- On Tuesday I fist thero wn9 about Gio. of snow ah over the hill, icicles wore hnugtng from the reek H of the houses, irad the water ia tiic tabs H casks was so frozen thnt It wns impossible with- out Ihe application of heat to draw water eutef Bj the barrels. The wind wns blowing plerclDs'X cold, nnd to walk ugaiust it was rjioi-l b-'1' Hj .possible. Ddi-lng Wednesday night the "'»« M increased to a sharp gale, and violently, 'bo' H most of tho houses. The enow and fr«| H changed for ruiu, and the wliolo of Thursday B ono of tlio most violent end uneuinfurir.il-1 T'' H| for many years. B At the Ei-hnca General Sasslcna on Thur.'W B the cose of Winter v. .Riiev, an appeal fig'k) a decision of the Court of Petty SefsloM ' H llushwartb, was heard. The appellant hul I1' B fined 1.1290 10s., .on four conviellens tin HI tho Scab Act. Tho Court, after bean- F B deuce, reduced tbo fine to Cd, per hoitd-"c''' B fourth of the total amount of the fine. Bj Tho number of visitors to the National J'J H aeunuof Natural History, Geology, and Ecww® Kg tho public dally a a exceotcd) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., in ""nnrth fide of the University, and iu tbo JSSS pot. Ion of .ho Nntinnnl Museum I il. Hmr at tho back of .he University. b Shortly bcfbrc 0 <,,c'0<k 1081 eTl1f \/ . JL ont in a drnpei'a shop occupied by Mr. mi nina Cole at the corner of Wellington nud Sey streets, E.t Colllugwood. Tho premises constructed of wood, and the fire appears to been caused hy some goods in l ie shop Ildow falling upon the gas- burner. Tho bcal firemen were soon In attendance, as was also a Itnchment of tho metropolitan brigade, under Mr Superintendent Head. Tho Annus were -wedily subdued. Mr. Cole is insured for 0 hut says that ho is a loser to tho amount of 1.700 beyond tho sum for which the premhes nro Insured. Arother flte occurred at 11 o'clock, in an Iron and wooden building occupied by Mr. Borthwlck, beyond tho Yaria Falls, as a manufactory of potent paint. Tho firo Is supposed to have originated through a lcabogo in the holler, the vapour from which coming in ronlnet with tho furnace, ignited, jlr, Borthwlck stntcs that ho is n sufFeror to tho orient of LflOO, which is uncovered by insurance. The Melbourne brigade were tho only firemen present, and they sue coded in extinguishing the flumes in about half on hour. A man named Jntues Young was nrrrsted last evening, by Detectives Jennings and Maluwor- iDg on a charge of stealing from Fhop doors. A lorge quantity of properly has been found In b(a possession, some of which has been identified, but the police require owners for the remainder. Tho Rev. A. D. Kloinmont will deliver his postponed lecture on " Men of Genius," in St. Andrew's Church, Carlton, this evening. The Devonshire Assembly-rooms, Brighton, were crowded last evening, on tbo occasion of entertainment given by the locnl Artillery in old 0( tho funds for the erection of an orderly-room. The audience was composed of residents of the borough, and a very plonsant evening was enjoyed. The prngramrao included a series of readings and musical selections, which were of a higher class than those usually given at such reunions. The Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, M.L.O., read on amusing extract from lover's novel of " Rory O'More," and for a quarter of nu hour leept tho audience highly amused. Severnl very good comic songs wero sung by . Mr. T. Dwlght, who was fre quently rapturously applauded ; but iholgrent feature of the evening was Ilerr Staub's piano forte solo. Mr, Edwards,, n gentleman who is well known in private circles as an accomplished musical amateur, accompanied the vocal pieces. "The Long Strike" was repeated at the Roynl last night, to a house which — considering the Inclemency of the weather — was very well filled. Great attention lias been paid to the mounting of tho piece, aud its merits should Insure .for It a lengthy run. ! Mr. James Anderson repeated bis.perforrannce of Hamlet last night beforo a numerous audi- tuts and again euece;dedln gaining the most enthusiastic applause for his clever end success ful impersonation. lie wns called bef.ro tho curtain nt the termination of ench act. Iu eucb a lengthened performnneeas that of " Hamlet," it it gratifying to notice tho very abort intervals which are allowed to exist between the several acts. To-morrow evening Mr. Anderson will ap pear cs Othello. 