THE SEIZURE OF THE TORNADO. THE subjoined narrative of how the British steamship Tornado was seized by the Spanish frigate Gerona, off Madeira, and of what treat- ment her crew have since received as prisoners, is extracted from a private letter that has reached England from one who was an eye- witness of the capture, and who has suffered the treatment described. The Tornado now lies at Cadiz. Here we are in a terrible fix, and when we are going to get out of it I am not able to say unless our Government protect us, which it has hitherto failed to do. We are treated as if we were criminals or felons, with- out being guilty, or even charged with any imaginable crime. We are kept in complete darkness here, and no one is allowed to visit us. Only lately have we been allowed to write at all ; and now we are obliged to send our letters open on shore to the Captain-General's office. I suppose from this that it is at his option whether they are forwarded or not. We may be certain, however, that they have a good overhaul of them, and detain them some time before they are sent, if they are sent at all, I should have written to you long before this, but I knew it would be ten chances to one whether you ever got my letter. I hear there have been several communications for me from home, but I have not received any of them until to-day (Ootobor 15). I suppose you know what you imagine to be all about our capture, but I will, notwithstanding, give you a little information on the subject. The Tornado arrived at Madeira on the 21st of August. We had a very fine passage (sailing, not steaming) a great deal of the way. We soon commenced coaling, and having finished that operation by the next even- ing (22nd), proceeded on our voyage to Rio de Janeiro. The Spanish frigate Gerona arrived near our anchorage about an hour before we sailed. We noticed that she got under weigh as soon as we did, and followed us. At 11 o'clock p.m. she fired a shot over our quarter, when we stopped at once. We were boarded, and our Captain Collier was taken on board the Spanish frigate. The Spaniards who came on the Tornado behaved worse than a lot of pirates, rushing about our decks with their ugly long knives and revolvers in their fists. The first knowledge of them which many of us had was one of these ruffians, with a knife pointed at one's breast, or else a revolver stuck close to one's ear. Well, all hands were driven off very brutally aft, the Spaniards meanwhile uttering, in their own language, the most dreadful oaths and imprecations. Every one was thus congregated on the poop, and then they put as many of us in irons as they had irons for. As for myself I was stuck on the quarter-deck, same as the rest, but fortu- nately I kept clear of the shackles. The next exploit of our chivalrous captors was to gut the steward's pantry, and, by gracious, they soon cleared everything before them ! Each one of them had soon a bone, or a sausage, or a decanter in his fist. Captain Collier was in a little time brought back to his ship as a prisoner. This was about half-past 2 a.m. They next took all our crew out of the Tornado, just as each man stood, half-naked, without his kit, and all our men were put on board the Gerona. They left only the captain, two engineers, two stewards, and one other on board the Tornado, whose course was directly shaped for Cadiz, the Gerona accompanying her till about 9 a.m. We reached Cadiz on the 26th August. Shortly after we arrived we were all confined as close prisoners to our cabins, each one apart and solitary. We were kept below in this way for twenty-one days. One ruffianly sentry after another, with a knife in his hand, stood con- stantly at my door during all the time. They took care never to leave me out of their sight. I cannot describe all I suffered from this close confinement, and from wanting a change of wearing apparel, as well even of water for washing. The details would be hor- rible, and would distress as well as anger poor mother. I hear that some of the common sailors of our crew have been used far worse than I have, and are very ill in consequence. At last three officials came on board and com- menced to examine us. My examination lasted two days. All sorts of interrogatories were put to me. There was, however, no one there who thoroughly understood English, or who could help me. They certainly had what they called an interpreter, but it was very difficult to understand him. God knows what I have suffered during tho last eight weeks of captivity. I had no idea, I can assure you, that at the present day there was any European nation so far in the background, so savage, so barbarous, and so wanting the feelings of common humanity as these ruffianly Spanish. They have actually taken all our stores out of the Tornado, gutted her, and carried off part of her machinery ; all the sails, yards, masts, and tackle have been removed. How long we are doomed to remain here I cannot say. It is strange that the admiral commanding our fleet does not come and deliver us. -London Daily Telegraph, October 30. THE Western Morning News reports a strange case of superstition. About a month ago there died the Rev. E. D. Rhodes, the vicar of Bath- ampton, a village two miles from Bath, and on the borders of Somerset and Wilts. Since his death the rumor has become current that his ghost has been seen in Bathampton church- yard, and has been heard groaning and sighing. The witnesses increased in number and in posi- tivcness of assertion, and the report obtaining general currency, crowds of prsons came over from Bath to verify it. Their testimony was abundantly confirmed, and one old parishioner, entering more into detail than the rest, said that he had seen Mr. Rhodes with a crown of glory round his head and a trumpet in his hand. The matter now became sorious, and the aid of the police was asked. Constables accordingly were placed to watch. The ghost appeared, as usual, pale and ghastly, groaning and sighing. He was captured, and turned out to be a great white owl, which is henceforth condemned to humiliating imprisonment in a barn, with hard labor in the shape of mice catching. i PRICE OF A THOROUGHBRED. - A thorough- bred filly-foal by Wallace, out of Tabaret, by Little David, her dam Tambourine, by Bay Middleton, her dam Concertina, by Actaeon, out of Brocard by Whalebone," was sold by auction at Tattersall's on Monday last for £3 10s. ! The pedigree of this "little bit of Whalebone" is long and respectable enough to please the chief disciple of " the Satanic School ¡" yet it went for the price of a Smithfield donkey. It is worth recording as an incident of the present season, that a yearling was sold at Middle-park for 2500 guineas, and a foal at Albert-gate for £3. 10s., the Messrs. Tattersall breaking through their established rule and selling for sovereigns -or rather half-sovereigns -and not guineas. It was well said that there is but one step from the sublime to the ridiculous ! Mr. Claridge was the enterprising purchaser of this foal, and it was said that it was contemplated to serve it up as a bonne bouche at some of the Parisian hippophagist banquets!-Sporting Life. PURE WATER FOR LONDON. - Mr. Ed. Preece, engineer, writing from Harrow to the Mining Journal, suggests a new mode of obtaining a water supply for the metropolis cheaper than any of the gigantic schemes which have lately been before the public. He assumes that within a radius of 25 miles round London forty sta- tions could be found for sinking artesian wells and erecting pumping engines. At each station there should be two 30-horse power engines, with 18-inch pumps, which would pump up 2,600,000 gallons per diem. Forty such stations would furnish 100 million gallons of pure water per day, raising the same to an elevation to supply the highest points of London-say 400 feet. The average cost of wells, engines, and buildings would be £12,500, consequently the whole undertaking would be £500,000. The daily working expenses of the 40 stations would be £200, to which must be added interest on the whole outlay, £68 9s.l0d. per day, making together £268 9s. 10d., which would be the total cost of supplying London with 100,000,000 gallons of pure water daily. The expenses, compared with the quantity of water supplied, would give 1d. as the price of 1550 gallons. 