TOPICS OF THE DAY. We beg to direct attention to the letter of oar Melbourne correspondent, which contains matter of much interest to this colony, and is altogether well worth reading. We believe no public despatches of im .portance have been received by the Government Iby the last mail. There is nothing further about Judge Boothby; in bet, we do not expect anything farther. The Home Government have told us to take our own course; and it will be the duty of the Government to act upon that ad vice, and adopt prompt, decisive, but calm and well-considered measures on the subject. The following Beater's telegram of April 13th has reached us through Greville and Co:—ln Committee, Mr. Gladstone moved an ampndmpjit upon the Reform Bill, but the Government triumphed on a division by a majority of 2L The Jamaica Committee pro secution has failed. Our relations with Spain are becoming very critical. On Saturday last a luncheon was given, at Victor Harbor, to the raptain? of the two barques, from England direct, now at Port Victor. The meeting was a very spirited one, and everything passed off successfully. We beg to remind our readers of the entertainment to be given on Monday evening in aid of the fund for the relief of the family of the late Mr. F. Sinnett. The attractiveness of the programme, and the charity of the raiy^ ought to ensure a very full house. On Tuesday evening next a grand pictorial drama of Milton's " Paradise Lost" will be opened in White's Booms. Tfce pictures are represented as exceedingly good, and have proved very attractive and instructive in the other colonie*. An important public meeting is con vcuu.l for Tuesday next, at the Buna Bum, in favor of railway extension to that township. After what we have so recently written on the subject, it is almost needless to add, that we wish the movement every possible success. It was reported last night, that the crime of sticking-up had broken oat afresh. The following are the grounds fortiie rumor:— A man named William Alfred Robins, a butcher, gave information about 9 p.m. last evening at the Police-Office, that he was stopped on the road from the Britannia Hotel, Nor wood, to South-terrace, by two men masked. He knocked one of them down and lost his silver-mounted whip, which is identifiable. The Supreme Court sat on Friday for several boors, engaged in Equity matters. His His Honor the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne were 00 the bench. The case of Bock v. Thomas, an action for specific performance of an alleged contract, was the principal case, and after having been argued the Court said they would consider judgment. The Court promised also to give written judgment in the case of Kelly v. Fuller at the next meeting. By the last mail from the Far North there are Bad complaints of want of rain. The weather was stSI dry at Oomberatana. At Oatalpa, not only was there no rain, but none was expected, lambing had commenced, but whether to destroy tie lambs or not was a doubtful point. The sheep were very poor, and the advices generally were of a most despon ding character. A correspondent at Paratoo states that it is still very dry there. On Thursday evening last a most ver satile and amusing lecture was delivered at the Port by Mr. H. Shepherd Bosaer (lately corre spondent and partedilor of a West Australian newspaper), entailed " Voices of the Night," to a very Luge audience, who *arely laughed and enjoyed the witticisms and puns of the lecture, and great cheers were given. Daring the piece several good songs were introduced, and the whole affair went off with the greatest success. A meeting of the Hospital Committee of Management was held on Friday afternoon, May 10, when out of 23 applications for As office of matron that of Bus. Bruister was, after careful consideration, accepted. The Committee had some difficulty m deddme between Mrs. Speed, of denelg, anaMnt Bruister, but they ultimately gave their deci sion in favor of the Utter, on account of her extensive experience in public institutions in England. The shareholders of the Cartarpo Cobalt Mine met on Friday. It was resolved tint the same be forthwith brought under the Com pany's Act, and authorised the immediate issue of the scrip. Mr. Joseph Harrison was ap pointed Secretary. We understand lite Brine is situated on the Booboorowrie Bon, west of the Burra. Sevml tons of the ore, of high percent age, have been raised, and are at once to be carted to Port tM.a? and there ■saeUed under the patent of the Company, taken out in the names of Messrs. Thomas and E^, in a fur nace of the Patent Copper Company which has been kindly placed at their disposal by Mr. Hamilton, the Manager of that Company. With reference to the objections that have been raised to the Panama steamen calling at St. Thomas's, we have been placed in posses sion of the following extract of a letter from the Secretary, dated, London, Ist February, 1867:—"It has been decided by the Directors of die BoyalMafl Company that in future the transhipment from the main line to the inter colonial steamers, shall take place at one of the Virgin Islands, called Peteo, some *«<*—fn> to the north of St. Thomas's, wherethereisagood harbor, and it isa very healthy p*ace; tfauspassen gersby onr route win not betaken to St. Thomas's at all, nor will they go on board any vesssel going to or returning from that place. The Board are of opinion that this arrangement should be made public in New Zealand and Australia, in the most prominent manner, and that particular pains should be taken to con vince intending passengers that the cause of the danger has been wholly removed." We have recently been shown the new stables and coaching premises of Mr. Richard George, lately the well-known proprietor of coaches on the Bay-road. The establishment is near the Rev. Mr. Maughan's church. There are stalls for 42 horses, and on an emergency about 60 could be accommodated. The build- ings are of stone with an iron roof, and are substantial, lofty, and well ventilated, the ex- perienced proprietor having all the modern belief in abundance of fresh air. Coach build- ings, hay and harness rooms, are placed con- veniently, and a chaffcutter to be worked by horsepower occupies a suitable position. The whole range of erections are in the form of a half square, and are constructed with a view to future additions that will double the present accommodation. The height of the arched roof will allow a coach to drive under it. We under- stand it is Mr. George's intention to start again shortly on the Bay-road, and probably he will place coaches on other lines. His business will also comprise livery, hire, and horsebreaking. The second of the autumn series of lec- tures in connection with the South Australian Institute was delivered in the Reading-room, on Friday evening, May 10. The attendance was small, attributable doubtless to the counter attractions. Mr. Charles Todd occupied the chair, and introduced the Rev. John Gardner, who gave a very entertaining lecture on "Egypt and its Remains," In commencing he alluded to Egypt as having been one of the mast wonderful countries under Heaven, and then proceeded to give a succint account of its history, and the superstitions, customs, &c.;, of its inhabitants; after which he confined his remarks to descriptions of the mag- nificent ruins now existing, which he asserted proved in a marked and most convincing way the past glory of the country. Mr. O. K. Richardson proposed a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Gardner for his highly interesting and instructive lecture. Mr. James Bath seconded, and suggested that the rev. gentle- man recite the well known pieceentitled "An address to an Egyptian Mummy." The proposi tion was carried by acclamation, and it being evidently the desire of the meeting, the Rev. Mr. Gardiner rendered the recitation just named in a very excellent manner, and much to the delectation of the audience, who then dis- persed. Miss Aitken gave the last of her special series of readings at White's Booms, on Friday evening. The entertainment was under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, several members of whose fumly were \mcmnii, and there was a crowded and respectable atten dance, every seat being ocenpifd. The pro gramme was an excellent one, and ji^nA^ besides one or two new pieces, Poe'e beautiful. poem "'The Raven," and Tennyson's "May Queen," each of which was delivered in an admirable "miht by Miss AMtm; "The Wonnerfn' Wean" was imperatively en cored, when " ¥ousg Lodu?var™ was sub stituted, which was also loodly applaaded. A reading from Dickens'* " Bleak House "enti tled "The Death of Joe, the Crossing Sweeper," was given with touching pathos, aid tcoaved with loud applause. A «!??■'ii|«iln«i«f "M«n«i«. Wauch's First and Last Visit to the Play," with which the programme condnded, caused con siderable amusement. The Bey. Canon Kossell occupied the chair, and in introducing the trasi nes? of the evening remarked that he was sure they all felt sorry that that was the last time Miss Aitken would appear before them ; bat if ever she should return to Artristdf at some future time he had no doubt she would receive a hearty welcome. Mr. B. B. White assisted mtu4i towards the entertainment, *?^ filled up Che intervals between the readings m'*^ appro priate pieces of music on the piano. To-fught Hiss Aitken wHI give an entertainment at mil lion prices. On Friday evening, Hay 10, " Hamlet' was produced at the Victoria Theatre, to a fair house. Any one with a spark of veneration naturally feels some amount of nervousness at on the colonial stage, but we are bound to say, that Hamlet in the hands of Mr. Bayner was represented in a natural and appropriate manner. Hamlet's own ■?■«■"« respecting the stage have evidently been learned, marked, and inwardly digested by Mr. Bayner; and the chivalrous, stem, acute, but unhappy prince was well rendered. The awful intuition with which he penetrated the mysteries attending his father's death, the searching look, and keen cutting inuendo, the madness — all themoreterrible for the method that was in it - the recklessness with which he dared all, con scions of his own integrity and the crimes and wrongs he had to revenge, were vividly pro duced. In his ghost scenes the impression was not so satisfactory, for the audience of the Victoria Theatre are not calculated Cor those supernatural exhibitions. The pricking and jeer ingof Faistaff among the oaks would be a much mare "palpable hit" We cannot avoid render ing our tribute of admiration to the effective and natural syle in which Hamlet's scenes with his mother were rendered. How admir ably were portrayed the conflicting emotions that agitated his breast; the lingering feebag of affection for his mother contending with the maddening suspicions, or rather belief, he had with respect to his great and good father's death, added to the loathing and hatred he felt towards the vile successor to his father's throne and bed. As Ophelia Mrs. Jackson acted admirably, in fact the wild melancholy of poor Ophelia was adapted exactrr to Mrs. Jackson's forte. Miss L. Amot appeared to advantage as Horatio, the fast friend of Hamlet, and the display of affection was well rendered. The part of toettea was taken by Mr. Morrison. Mr. Musgrave as Polonins diplomatised with dignity **n his official career was cut short. Mr. Charles Young was amnring as the first gravedigger, whether conversing with Hamlet, or professing gravity. Trained in democracy, we must dismiss the King and Queen and the minor characters with saying that on the whole the performance was successful and afforded plea sure even to the most critical The ballet of "Mad as a March Hare" followed, and was much enjoyed. The pieces for to-mght are " Ben the Boatswain " ana "Handy Andy." 