SIOW MEMORIAL UHUB0& The Stow Memorial Church, erected as a tribute of respect and houour to the memory of the Kev. Thomas Quinton Stow, this founder of Congrega tionalism in this colony, his at length been com pleted, bo lar as it is im.onaea to complete it at present, and opened for tlivine worship. The foundation 6tone of the building was laid ou the 7th February, lSfia, by Mr. Alexander Hay, in the presence of a large conciuise of spectators, and from that time till now the vork has been carried on with the greatest rapidity by the contrac on, having occupied only aboiu two years and two months from its commencement to its com- | pletion. We subjoin a. description oi the i edifice 03 given by the architect : — The building is in the early (Jothic style, and will accommodate on the grcund floor 850 persons, including; all sittings. Ualkries are proposed over the i-oaiii entrance and ovtr the transepts for the orchestra, increasing the accommodation to 1,150. These, however, excepting the orchestra, are not ] constructed at present. Tiie total length of the buildim? is 142 feet, and the breadth at the nave and aisles t!2 feet, and at this trauBepts 83 feet A tower and spire, which, honever, are not ye; to bj erected, will abut a;rainst th« eastern transept, but on all other sides will rise directly from the ground; the ground storey forms a lobby and entrance! to the church. The height, when com pleted, will be 17U feet from the pavement. The foundations of the tower are laid three feet below the sutfc.ee, upon a bed of concrete formed with Portland cement in place of lime, and the founda tions an- eight feet wii-e. The walls of the tower are five f jtt below, and are continued above four feet in t sickness. The principal entrance of the church, fronting Victoria-squire, has a projecting portico, wi:h freestone columns supporting pointed arches and mi ojen parapet, above which is a large four-light window with geo metrical tracery. The :vro transepts have wheel windows in their gables, witii simiUr tracery. The interior of the church is divided into nave and ais'eu by columns supporting arches, and a clere-torv from which the principal light will be derived. The aisles are very narrow, as they are merely intended to serve as passages, and only have occasional sittings placed in them. The columns, there/ore, nowhere interrupt tlie view of the platform. The interior is lofty, the ci-iling, of hexagonal shape, being 43 feet from the floor, and is plastered. The clerestory is lighted by eight windows, of three lights each, having geometrical tracery. A platform, enclosed with railings, is placed opposite the entrance, and over the platform is t'le organ gallery and orchestra. There are three vestries behind the plalfcrm, llso Btaircases leading to the proposed transept gilleries and to the organ gallery. The building lias been entirely constructed of Glen Osmond stone ami Glen Kwin freestone, the front portico being wholly of freeatone. The building is of the most substantial and durable character, and no: devoid of ornament. The contract, which did no: include the unper part of the tower and spire, amounts to £7,R50.' Un Friday evening, April 12, an inaugural service was held in the church, which waa com forta'ly filled on the occasion. The proceedings were commenced by the Kev. C. W. Evan giviuK out the 779th Hymn— ' i Hi thou to whom in undent times TIie lyre of Hebrew tards was strung; Whom king* adored in songs sublime. And people praised with glowing tongue.' Tlie Kev. il. Stoneluuse read the 17th Psalm, and the Rev. M. H. Hod^e engaged in prayer. The Kevs. J. Lvall and b\ \V. Cox havii.jt read portions of Scripture, and offered Draver. The Eev. C. w. Lvan delivered the following dedicatory address :-' tiy '.he good hand of Uod upon us we have been permitted to witness the completion of this building, and unite in the .first songnf urs.ise, and in the first prayers offered within its walls. It has teemed to us appropriate that the lirst public service held in the chuich should be mainly of a devotional character, and that worship should take precedence of instruction. To many of us, at least, the occasion is a solemn and a joyful one, and our thoughts and emotions find their most fitting expressions in praise and sup plication. Fervent, indeed, should be our song of thanksgiving, and earnest the prayer which we breathe before God. We ask the God whom we worship and serve to acce;.tthe works and offerings of our hands. We seek gract that we may worship Him in spirit and in truth, that we may serve him acceptably with reverence and with godly fear. We pray that the beauty of Jehovah may be upon us. We have erected this house unto His name, and we tru*t that we have had no lower aim than the promotion of His glory, that we have sought not our own. but things which are Jehovah's. It is only as we have this conviction that we can with true hearts seek the divine sanction and smile. Shame, indeed, would belong to us, and confusion - f face should be our desert, if while professing to build and dedicate a house unto God, we were seeking only our own aggrandisement, or furtherance of a favourite form or name. But though own hearts condemn us not at our ruling aims and motives, yet it is not with a feeling of pure complacency that we can look upon the best of our works, and when we bring them into the presence of the Holy One, and ask His approval, we feel that we have also to a-k the forgiveness of the sin which disfigures and mars them. The structure which we thus dedicate to God's service is admitted by all observers to possess some degree of material excellence and beauty, but it is none too beautiful— none too good for the use to which it is devoted. Grand and coi.tly edifices have been erected for purposes mean, and morally ques tionable, while too frequently buildings raised for the noblest aud best of ends have been rude and unsightly structures. In many cases, indeed, the meanness of Christian sanctuaries has been the necessity of circumstaneas. The Christians of the first century, for instance, whatever might be their views of the externals of religion, had neither the wealth nor the liberty to erect goodly sanctuaries, and in subsequent age3 many of the followers of Christ, poor and persecuted, like their Master, have be;n too thankful for any meaner roof under which to assemble for worship. But in a community like ours, where Christians are numerous and comparatively rich, dwelling in houses supplied not only with all comforts but with many luxuries and costly adornments of civi lization, it were verily a shame that the house of their Father, which is more properly called their home than any other earthly habitation, were marked by unsightliness, poverty, and discomfort. Tho worship of God is a greater thing than the buiinesii of the world, ami the blessings of the sanctuary are even more precious than the bless ings of home; and we see not why, in acommu uity like purs, claiming to be culled Christian, the House of God should not surpass all other build ings in prominence of position and in beauty of conception and workmanship; while it should, by its very form and aspect, present a clear indication of the sacred use to which it is devoted, and thus become to man, amid the absorbing pursuits and the materializing influences of earth, a silent but con picuous witness for the Living God and eternal things. For whom are our best and most beautiful things, if not for the God of love and beauty ? Not mat He nas need of anything at our bands, but he takes pleasure in the ofi'etings of love and devotion, and thesoul that truly and intelligently loves will not offer unto Him the mean or blemished sacrifices. The notion that all beauties of art should be dissociated from the Christian sanctuary and worship of God, an if He who made all things beautiful delighted in deformities here, needs no confutation in our time. Many early Christian?, not sufficiently distinguishing between religion and a-t in Paganism, looked upon art with suspicion and antipathy. Because tlie beautiful w s known to them as allied to the unholy, the beautiful was renounced and treated as profane. The same error has been committed in more recent times, and in the section of the Church of Christ with which we are more particularly identified. Our Puritan forefathers, harassed and impoverished by oppressive enactments, were compelled to erect rude inartistic structures, in any obscure locality where they could find an asylum. But what waR with them a necessi'y of their position, some of their descendants came to look upon aa a fixed accompaniment of pure -ind undefiled religion. All artistic beauty in connection with the hou^e of God was associated with corruptness of worship and teaching. Happily, wiser thinking and a better spirit prevail in our day, and it is no longer thought necessary that a building where tiie best and most beautiful things are to ha tauglit and enjoyed, should itself be devoid of every attribute of grace and comeli ness. But we must not feel too secure against the opposite and prevalent evil of lifting the externals and accessories of worship out uf their proper sphere— that of strict subordination to tlie spiritual in religion. Unhappily it is but too manifest that there is no necessary connection between the beauty of church arphitcoturo and the beauty of holiness that should 'pervade the worship of God. In the rudest structure, raiwd without pro essional aid of architect or builde*, there may be such worship as the Father seek-Hh and such teaching as sinful inert need, while in the building of the highest architectural pretensions and merits the worship may be cold and formal and the teaching feeb'e and fruitless, and the grand edifice may prove but a tarnished sepulchre. Our earnest prayer to-night is that within these walk men may firaw nigh unto God with true hearts, by one Spirit, through the one Me diator; and that the teaching of the pulpit may be inspired and energised from above. These are the two purposes for which the building has been erected— worship and teaching— worship offered to God and instruction communicated to man. The two things are very closely allied and often blended in the service of the sanctuary; but they are in their nature distinct, audit uiin.anifes.tly imnartant that in the puhh'c exercises of the Churpli each head should occupy its' proper place-^have its due share of attention. An impression prevails that, as Conpiega'tionalists, we have given undue pro minence to the sermon as compared with what is more directly worship. Some of our forms of speech seem to betray the error. The devotional portions of the service are commonly described as introductory. Going to a particular place of wor ship is going to hear a certain preacher. Persons among us who arrive late in the sanctuary— and with some thin is habitual-seem to think it a trivial shortcoming if they are in time for the aer mon. Akintothis, istheideaforemostinthemindj of many, that people in connection with them visU the house of Go'l with the idea of get; ing sood— of receiving profit. It were w ell, indeed, if none came up to 'the place of the poly' from 3 lower motive ; but the godly man ia surely capable of being prompted 'by a. higher. Docs ho come to the church, fts he gous to litf counting-house, simply for what he can gat by it? Is the temple only a suiritual mart, to which the traffickers come with the ruling question, 'What profit shall we have!' Should Christiins not say, rather as the Lord's Day dawns upon them, with its sweet and hallowed memories and associations, '--h, come le: us worship the Lord ; let us make a joyful noUe unto the rock of our salvation; let us. co.me, before His presence with thanksgiving; let us kneel before the Lord our Maker, fur Me is oil,: God, and we are the people of His pasture, and tho sheep of His hand. ?? Is there no gratitude springing from a sense, of God's ' rich goodness yearning for ex... pression in solemn tymns of praise } jfg there no impression of the greatness, the excellence, the puiity, ami tlie cojidescensiap. of God constraining the soul ^o adore ami magnify His holy name? Is there no sense of sin and unworthiness impelling the soul, in preqance of God, to the feet of the Redeemer to confess and pray and trust? It were well indeed if Christians, on repairing to the sanc tuary, expected le-s from man, and rendered more glory to God, bringing into His courts the truest and devoutcst oll'erings of their hearts. They would find that a more excellent way, even in re spect of profit, for then would the human ministry prove to them the vehicle of richer blessing, i the public worship of Go^, from the synagogue downwards, the service of srmj; b'cs had its pla,e_e and its importance. 'Our view of ( 'is js that it should be as far as. practicable congregational. '?'Let tlie people praise the Lord.' If an instru ment i* used, if a choir officiate or some official is. employed, these are in no wise to exercise vicarious functions— to praise. God for or LQ pLa{& of t!he. stably; but they aire to i be held strictly subordinate, auxtiiarr to the general concert of the people in' the exercise of praise In this respect we have much to Ussire. Many good people appear in tho church, and while God s praises are sung they are mere listeners and spectators, as if they he, I received from God neither hearts nor voices. They thus withhold from common worship that which, they ought to contribute, and deprive their fellotr worsbippers of the aid which the sympathy of minii-er3 is designed to -itl\\-rd. As to the chi acter of the iwalmody, let it tie artistic if it mar. The best of music, as well as the best of architec ture, should be consecrated to God; but it were a threat calamity if, while gaining in artistic excel lence aud effect, it became uudevout, not to say frivol uf We do not think that the Author of all harmonies has any pleasure in harsh and discor dant sounds; but we are sure that the rudest ard most inharmonious strains of the most rustic congregation, if, at the same time, hearty and fervent, are more acceptable to tie ear of (Jud than the most artistic and harmonious mdod;en, if with the understanding of song aud, the excellence of performance there is wanting the spirit of praise and the heart of devotion. There is no reason, however, why culture Bhould, Ve undevout in any department of God's service. There are reasons why culture should prove help ful to devotion. While we earnestly desire that those portions of the public service which are more strictly worship may be of a more Rpintunl ami elevated character, we cannot afford in our time to assign to teaching in the sanctuary a lower position than it has occupied among us. As Congreg;! tionalists we are: but a small section of the great Church of Christ in the world, bat what position we have attained in that Church, and what in fluence pertain-; to that position, we owi; very largely to the degree of intelligence and spiritual efficiency with which thetri'thof God has been pro claimed among us. We owe little to our organizi ti'in except freedom from certain evils which may have entranimelled others. We are little in wealth or prestige. We have inherited but a small share of these. But we owe much uinlir God to the power and fidelity with which godly men among us, speaking verily as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, have preached the ev rlasting Gospel, and expounded the laws and principles of Christ's Kingdom. 'We honour the memory of the first Congregational pastor and the founder of the Congregational body in this land, and whose name is to be permanently associated with Miis IjuiMnj:. And to what doe3 he owe the eminent position which the common voice of the Churches has assigned to him 1 Doubtless to a vaiiety of thinesi, for lie was endowed with a rare combination t«f qualities; but mainly, I think, to the cleamcs', force, and consistency with which he proclaimed the truth of Christ, aud advocated the interests of our common faith. And whatever may be wanting here in time t-- come, 1 pray that there may l;o provided for those who shall assemble a true, efficient, and faithful ministry of God's holy Word. On such ministry depends in no secondary degree the edifying cf the body of Christ— on such a ministry largely depends tho conversion of sinners from the errorsof their ways. Much as ia elleeted in our day tiy the $unday-.school, the religious press and other appliances, the preaching of the Gospel still occupies a foiemost place ainon^ the agencies that God employs to save sinners, ' to arouse the careless, the presumptuous awe, and turn the tide of souls another way,' And the objects for which this building has been raised rill not be iulnlleu it here sinners are are not' rawn to the uplifted Saviour— if here the sin urdened anu troubled soul does not find rest anil eace— if here the voice of the prodigal is tut leaid saying, 'Father, 1 have sinned'— if hire he hearts of the contrite ones are not revived and ilessed. God forbid that any Gosnel should be reached here which shall not go down with its )ivine remedy to the roots of man's need— which hall not reveal to him in his sin and wretchedness he Christ -God. the Christ, crucified, risen, ,nd everlasting to save. I trust that for :enerations to come the truth as it is n Jesus will be proclaimed here in its Bira ilicity and in its fulness -for simple enough b t to meet the requirements of the humblest and nost illiterate, and full and deep enough is it ti atisfy the bouI of the profoundest philosopher, if, rliile a great nan in understanding, he is also a hild in motive and in heart. We have no reason o apprehend that amid the remarkable develop ments of the present day, anil the foreshadowed levelopments of the future, the everlasting Gospel kill he outstripped and left behind, an inanimate hing of the past. It is still young, and was never nore vigorous: and we have a strong persuasion hat if tne preacher of the Gospel were up to his rocatiou, he would be found in the van of all true -rogress, and would had in his Master's name svery light of philosophy, and tvery discovery of ;cience, being assured that all truth, as well as all ?race, centres in tho fulness of Him by whom all hingi were made, and by whom all things :onsist. Referring again for a moment to ,1m mutual relations and mutual dependence )f worship and teaching, history has its esson3 to read to 113 on this subject. One of these easons in, that true and efficient teaching is essen ;ial to the purity and spirituality of worship. It tas been observed by a wise man among us, that 'Every age distinguished by an enlightened and ;arnest Christianity has been an age no less dis :inguished by an enlightened aud earnest preach ing of the Gospel. In ages of superstition form:) ire raised into the place of instruction; in ages of piety instruction is raised into the plaie of forms. Separate from preaching, the meaning of external Db6ervanctf8. even when of divine origin, is soon obscured and lost. It is only when allied with evangelical in-truction that sujIi things are is3!j*ned to their proper place, and v.sed to their proper end. The mission of the Gospel is a mis sion to instruct and edify ; but to instruct and edify in a service pertaining to the preacher and not to the ritualist. The end of religion may bd worship, but the means to that end is instruction, and instruction mainly by preachin?.' Such words deserve a hearin g in view of certain eccle siastical developments of our day. The revival and extension of Ritualism in churches of the Protestant designation is one of the gravest, and, as we think, most humiliating facts in the religion of our day. It has been argued that this ritualistic revival is but the offspring of an architectural revival ; that the revivers of Gothic art in eccle siastical structures opened the door to the Kitu alists, and bale them enter. In other words, that a high lUtu.iI worship, with all its ornate and costly appurtenance*, 19 but the natural and. necessary result of the revival of a better taste and feeling in our church architecture. It would! not be difficult to establish a connection between any two things associated with religion; but that; the connection between the architectural and tho ritual in this case is a necessary connection we fait to perceive. Because some degree of the (esthetic is appropriate and desirable in the externals of worship, it does not follow that there may not be be ridiculous excesses and mischievous applica tions of it. I trust we need not assure cur friends that in taking possession of this Gothic building, we are not conscious of any secret proclivity towards an enlarged ritual: nor are we annre lensive mat anytning mat meeta tne eye in tins dace is likely to seduce us in the least degree from the Congregational simplicity of our worship. IVc cherish a high regard for the Church of Kng and-the old Church of our native land— and we mould not be ashamed to imitate her in any thing that seemed to us gooi; but with that ritualistic movement, involving as it clearlv does 9. large increase of the priestly element, we have no sympathy. To our eye it is a wholly retrograde movement, pointing to the darkness of the rniddleages. We can see nothing good in it, nothing indifferent, except it nv.iy be regarded as a confes sion of weakness and want. Some zealous parti cipants in the movement have pleaded in its lavour that they couKl not interest and attract the people by public teaching and the observances of a simple worship, a-id that therefore the ritual and the symbolic were put in requisition. 15y these the people are inte rested, as evidenced by the crowd* who frequent the high ritual churches, while other churches near who follow in the old path are well nigh deserted. But we seriously ask what is the value of tke inte rest thus excited? Is it not of a very low typer Are men really bettered by these ceremonials! It would ill-become up, on the present occasion, to violate that charity which thinketh no evil, which hopeth all things; but we find it difficult to divest our mind cf the notion that amid the Christian light of our time those high ritual performances in which vestments and altitudes arc such con spicuous features, look very like playing at religion. We are, indeed. as*ured that the ritualists are eminently characterized by oarnestness; still, to our eye, it looks rennrkably like the earnestness of children at their play. L$ it the earnestness of men who are rea'Iy seeking t6 make their fellow men better by means adapted to effect it (-means adapted to enlighten the mind, to improve the heart, to miicken the moral sensibilities, to elevate and transform the character, to save the soul! Let any thoughtful m m who has been an cye-wi:ne-s. or only a mental observer of one of these high ritual services, turn away and look into hiaNcwTestam.ent and read one of Paul's Epistles, or our Lord's lermon on the Mount, and will he not find him self breathing a very different atmosphere and attending to a very different kind of teaching? How little is there in the life and teaching of Christ on whfch a fabric of ritualism could be based? How few are His words respecting the two simple ordinances of His appointment— baptism and the Lord's Supper! But how frequent and strong was His condemnation of the prevailing ritualism of Uis day ? The ritualistic Pharisee was Christ's greatest human foe, and against him and his ritualism, the stronnest indianation ol the Holy O^e was directed. In this Church our desire wjl| bs to adhere to the Christian ritual in its simplest form. We recognise no priesthood save that of Jesus and the common priesthood of all the saints. We be'ieve in no mystic efficacy of rites and Bacrainents. AVe are all brethren worshipping only the one living God, trusting only in the one Mediator, and looking for ali spiritual results through the operation of the one Blessed Spirit. It is known to all present that the church wjiich we thus Bet apart for worship and, fax the procla mation of the Gospel is also designed to be a memo rial of our departed and revered friend Mr. Stow. It is now nearly five y tars ajjo since he finished his course and entered into rest; but though dead hesetspeaketh. Jlowf miliar to us are hi« form and feature*, and Fayings. and long will it bo ere these shall be effaced from our minds. The erection of such a memorial is a work sanctioned by the piety and intelligence of all times. The godly Hebrews of ancient times frequently put m- their memorial stones. They raised monumental objects to perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodness to them at special times and places, that the pa3t might often be recalled for the purposes of piety and devotion. And kt it no'; ' bQ supposed that by this memorial we are aiming merely at the exaltation of the human. We desire to glorifv (iqil in.inaoJ We recognise the gifts and excel lencies/ with which God endowed our departed friend for the benefit of the church and the colour.' AVe 'perpetu ite the memory of the Djvine good ness in having senttdthia land one so, eminently fitted for the position and cir'cuinsta.nce« in which be was placed. We express in a visible ar-d permanent form our gratitude for all the good VhaV waa accomplished through his instrumentality, AVhrni our children, and rui children's children shall ask their fathers in time to come what mean these things?-whv is the building thus designated?- then they shall answer.: Ihus and thus has God dealt with cur people in the past. But I must bring my rei^arks to a close. In an address given 0^ an occasion like the present, the opening a,[ a churchy for tbe use of a particular denomination of Christians, it is but 1 atural that (he 'denominational element should protrude itBelfsomewhat prominently. But I would take the opportunity, as the minister and the represenVative of the neojde who ahal! worship here, to assure our fronds connected with other sections of the - hristian Church, that we earnestly dcsiK to cherish not'Only good will but brother! v kindness toward all the members of the bodv of Christ. We thank our friends of other churches and denominations for their kindly syrapathr in the undertaking which is thus brought to a com pletion. \V e thank them for the evidence o£ their «jnjpathy bj their presence .to-niaat. Andoux eament prayer is, that our common Lord and Saviour may be exalted, that our common faith niy prevail, and that the ltutd of our ndoption, sj highly favoured in the proVitler.ee of God. may l«come distinguished for all that is good, and noble, and grsat. One word more in conclusion, and 1 wi h to say it especially to the members of our own congregation. We are assembled, my brethren, for the first time in & building dedicated to God's worship. Let vu solemnly ask ourselves —are we now, and shall we be, if permitted to 'rtHiuent this sanctuary, such worshippers as the rattier seeketh to worship Him? N e may have much to do wiili the worihip nf God outwardly, and yet have no more p:ut in the reality of that worship than has the building in which we met-t. We believe that within tluse wa!!s there shall rise up silently and progressively, tiiru:ii;h the ministry of the truth, and h'y the power cf God's spirit, a -spiritual h.nisv-a buiMinc of God composed (if lively stone?, and restins mi the foundations *.f the Apostles aud prophets, Christ himself being the chief corner-stone. Let us ree that we are incorporated with that building. 1 et us dread the thought of btiiig the mere scaffdding as it were of the spiritual temple, haviiu only a temporary con nexion with it, to be pulled down and cast away when the work is finished. Oh, that nil who shall assemble fieri! may find themselves built into God's living and everlasting temple, whose founda tions no changes can effect, whose beauty no lapse of time can impair, and which shall appear in its full grandeur wheu all earthly structures have perished. A hymn having ken clnunted. the Rev. Alfred Rip? read lhe third chapter of First Corinthian?, and offered prayer. A collection was then made, and. after tlie Kev. C. W. Kvan had pronounced the bc.ediction, the proceedings closed. Tiih Sunday Services. The opening services were continued on Sunday in the -tow Memorial Church. The Kev. A. M. llendcnon, a minister who ia held in high reputa tion among his own very numerous congregation in Melbourne, officiated in the morning, when there was a perfectly crowded attendance. The devotioiml exercises, which were so ordered aa to be appropriate to the occasion, having concluded, Mr, Henderson took for his text, Isaiah f-7th ami l-th: 'Tor ihus saith the High and Lofty One, that iuhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy. I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revire the spirit of the humble, and to revive the heart of the contrite ones.' Having briefly reviewed the apostate state of the Jews under the reign of tho wickel Mana*seh, attention was drawn to tho double aspect in wh'ch the Most ilinh was presented to the contemplation of mankind in the text— majesty and condes cension—those attributes eeetning to impress the soul on the one hand with reverential awe, and on the other with confiding hope. The first thought conveyed by the passage was a graudly indefinite description of Jehovah -the High and the Lofty One— tlie Being infinitely elevated above all created objects— the fouutain of life— the embo diment of unlimited perfection. The splendour of His might; was displayed in the multitude of worlds which He hail formed, although, in the language of Job, these creations were but the hiding of His power, the full thunder of HU ma jesty none ht'inu able to comprehend. The perfec tion of wisdom was disclosed in the laws winch He nau irameii to regulate me vast auu multitudinous orbs which 1 oiled in the immensity of space, aud in tlie marvellous adaptation to be traced in the minutest as well as most stupendous of His works. The perfection of His goodness wa.s exhi bited in the enjoyment associated with life and animation in all its forms, from the very lowliest and most insignificant types to the highest developments. But it was impossible for man to grasp the Infinite. Hi* reason was bewildered and overwhelmed in reflecting upon the finite, nnd how then could he have due concep tions of the eternal Self-t-xisttnt One who could be affected by nothing, but who spontaneously vrought out his own purposes, and did his own will. 'J ha next thought presenting itself was that the High and L«fty One governed all beings. M.m in bis light were as the clods of the valley ; the dwelleiB in the world of darkness trembled at His fr*wn, and the potentates, principalities and pow-rs ot the Heaven itself paid their lowly homage to Him whom the numbed Nebu chadnezzar acknowledged almighty to do his own pleasure ' in the armies of Heaven, and among the inhabitants of earth.' The next words of the text were equally striking with those preceding them— 'who inhabited) eternity.' lleason and revelation coincidel in being witness that there was no Hugle tiling drawn from the depths of the earth, or visible on its surface, but borne marks of not being themselves originals. They were all deducible to a former, a great first cause, and that first cause was necessarily self existent and eternal. How could they grasp the idea of eternity? While strata were being piled on strata to form the volume of the earth, millions of years before it be citne fit for the residence of man, God existed. Back, back from that time, through dreary ages in which no form of created life breathed, when as yet the wild and primitive atoms lud not been rolled together into masses, and but one step had been reached towards the eternity of God. Let them go back to a period before a single atom floated in space, or a revolving orb was formed, when the throne of the Deity was filled by Get! alone, when not a single angel bowed adoringly before the Almighty presence, when universal nature was a universal blank, and they bad reached but the frontier of that eternity. They were creatures of the present, to whom eternity was a goal : but there never had been a period in which God could not have spoken himself as the High and Lofty One th:»t inhabiteth eternity. The next thought broualit before them was contained in the words, '? Whose name is Holy.' God had no sympathy with or indulgence for sin, and every man had the irradicable witness in himself that he was made in the image of the Most High, and that he was created for holiness. The whole teachings of history went to show that the Almighty in sisted on vindicating tliis attribute by the destruc tion of the impure and unholy, and the Scriptures abounded in illustrations of the prominence with which the intelligences that stood before him viewed this distinguishing feature in the character of Him who was of purer eyes than to behold iniquity. The passage next brought Itefore their notice tho idea of God dwelling in the high and holy p ace. Men of genius had conceived for the Most Holy a habitation of Bplencour and infinite extent far removed from human ken, but even their speculations were such as the mind could not grasp, and with all that the grandest intellects could suggest to them they were forced to conclude with Solomon, the heaven and the heaven of heavens could not con tain Him- that He sat enthroned in the magni ficence ot His own infinity, that He dwelt in lmht wtnen no man liatli seen nor can see. and that even the seraphs as they approached Him felt abashed and were fain to cover their faces with their wings. Under the manifestations of His ineffable purity and splendour, well might mortals feel afraid were they Hot encouraged by the assurance that He dwelt ' with him who was of a humble aud contrite heart.' This close and cheering association of the Almighty's tenderness with His majesty was evinced throughout the whole of His Word. Although governing the universe, and maintaining the laws by which it was regulated. He was rea'Iy to regard the tears of the penitent, and the pains and sorrows of Hi3 creatures, and to afford the consolation nnd' relief which His wisdom saw to be meet. Mr. Henderson lingered for some length on this branch of the subject, and then alluded to the beautiful structure in which they were met. As he had looked upon it tbe pre vious day ha had felt that there was nothing about it unchaste, unseemly, or unworthy, except that everything about them must, be unworthy of God's glory, and his heart had gone out in prayer that the Almighty would make it a place where he would reveal himself to men. The building, beautiful as it was, would be nothing unices God made it the place of his habitation, and he therefore asked them to pray earnestly and work heartily and unitedly tint much good might result from the preaching of the gospel within those walls. He then announced the collection, and desired all to give freely, observing that people had not no much right to rejoice unless the place they consecrated to Divine worship waB free of debt. In tho afternoon there was a large congrega tion, and, alter Hngirg and prayer had been en paged in, the llev. Jus. Jtfieris, LLB., took the 1st verse of the 5th chapter of Ualatians— '.Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made U3 free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of, tiondagu' —as the basis of a powerful and eloquent address. He said they Ind met to consecrate that noble building to the service af God, not by any sym bolic rites, but by pjaisiQ and singing; an-4itwas c .stomary on such occasions to state the doctrines which were UuL'lit, and what the building was for. The lovort-nd gentleman then pro eeJed to refer to the question of Ritualism, describing tlie form and manner in which the practices attaching to it were carried out, and designating i(s objects as twofold; firs! , that which was dirtv-ted to the out ward, turnini* those services which were- simple into services of symbolism; and the second by means of the sphjijdid and ceremonial worship to secure the subjection of the people to the priests, and to plac« power in their hands, a thing which had always ben dangerous, and which was contrary to the teaching of Christ, and he appealed to those present, for the sake of themselves and of tlien- children, to care fully watch and oppose the movement, which, it was said, was only begun. an-l which wy» going to create great changes in the Protestantism o{ Eng land. The preacher conclude.^ witua graceful re ference to the special object of their as«erablinj. He said they had met to honour with such, honour as they were- lyeprwl to render the memory of the great and noble man, in whoso commemora tion the building th,ey were in bad been erected. He it was who formed tho champion of their religious liberty in tho province: his ntme was written largely upon their meritorious institution?, and. chiefly to him under God was it due that the churches of this land were ao early emancipated from State thraldom. Throughout 'his career as a minister of Christ he contended for liberty in al! its forms and against all Us Joes, and nowh? rented from his labour, but his works testified of him. I In the evening the large and rpacious building was densely crowded, every space even to the plat form being filled t«.j its fullest extent. The licv Mr. Henderson selected for his text— 1st John chap, v., Khe 11th and f2th verses— 'He that hath the Son hath life, and he that hath nut the Son of God hath not life. These thii^s have I written unto you that ye believa on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know t!i.at' ye havo eternal life, and (hat ye mav believe on the name of I'm? Soft of Goir'-uividing his dis course under three head* - first, the cj t of God here recorded; second, the medium through which it ia bestowed; and third the relation 0/ different classes to it. Theiev' I gentleman tlu-n adverted to the manner and modes ! in which the gift was to be manifested, exemplirca tion of wnich wa3 afforded by the life af Chi i-t In the course of his sermon Mr. Henderson iii dwelling upon the last part o{ lii* subject, observed that it been snul that cli'foah's Ark, many a man who ha: laboured mthc butldinjc hadnot U«m aa e tnit.andjt.aachtbfithatsomef.lthosoyh^hadbeen erased inthe building of thjshou-? u| GcJ I ^Vo had had (heir hearts in it, had flowed t-lS upon, it, had lx-sto^ed property U'-nn it u-t it might be that Chilst had not found u pficeVtli hearts; that He ms not mate the tiist an- loft and mam end and motive of their lives, because ; they bad never y«t with simplicity and meekres received the Word of the living God 1 , rc ated the warning-' He that beliemh not the S0.1 shall not Fee life, but the wrath of God -.biJeth upon him' -ami entreated all lo flee to I Christ, who could save them from that doom, 1 then would the time spent in the services of that I day be a time whi^h they could look back upon through all their lives, 'lhe preacher occupied the attention of his hearers for more than an hour aiid a quarter. At the close of the sermon a collection was made in aid of the funds, the result being very satisfactory, aud the pastor (the Itov. a W. Kv*n) , , announced that the services » ould. be continued by . a lecture thw evening in the diurch. by the Ket. Mr. Hemlenon, and a tea and public meetina oa * lueiday evening. 