A JUDGE'S GHOST STORYt J A mirth-loving j udge, Justioe Powell, oould be as thoroughly humorous in private life as? he was feariosa and juat upon the benoh. Swift describes bim as a surpassingly merry old gen- tleman, laughing neartiiy at all oomte things, and at his own droll stories more than aught "else. In oonrt he oould not always refrain from jocularity. For inataneo when he tried Jane Wenham for witohcraft, aud"eh"a assured him that she could fly, his eye twinkled, as hs ' answered, "Woll, then, vou may;, thero is no law against flying." "When Fowlsr,' Bishop of Gloucester — a thorough believer in what is now-a-daya cailod spiritualism— was perse cuting his acquaintance with? silly atoriea about ghosts, Powell gave him a telling -reproof for bis credulity by dcsoribiug.a horrible- appari tion whlob was represented as having disturbed tbe narrator's reBt on a previous night; " At tho hour of midnight, at the olooks: were -striking twelve, the Judge was roused from Lit first Humber by"a-bide"oua"aoundr— Starting up he saw at the foot of his unoompanioned bed a figure— dark, gloomy, terrible, holding before its grim and repulsive visage a lamp thifc' shed an uncertain light, ' May heaven bave meroy on' na 1" tremulously ejaculated the bishpp at this part of the story. The Jq'dgh' eentinued his story; Be cslmri.ipy tprf.- Blsltop ; be oslm. The syrful part of this mysterious inter view has still to be told,' '- Nsrving myself to fashion the words of inquiry,. I addressed the nooturnal , visitor thus — ' Strange being, .why hast thon coma "at this still hour to" pertarb a sinful mortal ?' You understand, my Lord, I said this in hollow tones— in what I may almost term a sepulobral voice." " Ay, ay," said the Bishop, "I implore yon to go on. What did it aniwerT' It answered, in a voiocr- not greatly different from the .voice of a human - creature, ' Please, iir, I 'am tho watchman on beat, and yonr street ' door is- - open ."—Hook abtut Iawyery, , . Professor Huxley, in bis ' recent epurae of ( leeturos-on-ctboology, -incidentally /mentioned— a remarkable custom among the! CaribnWhen a ebild Is born the mother qniokly recovers, and goes shoot her busineaa ; but the father ia pot to bed for two months,' and fed with witter gruel and other diluent liqoide: 'Why ' strong, warlike, atid intelligent men each as the Gariba A are, should adhere to this custom is a mystery. \ Shkep and Goats. — In the western parte! Pennyslvania there are many Germans, popu larly known as Dutohmen, very industrious, Yery- quiet, and eometimes a little qtteer. Some yeare ago, threo of these Gormans, all millers, lived not far from Pittsburg. Two we.t brothers, George dud Jaooh Fallwider,nnd one, a -neighbour of theirs, was named Jacob Schneider. Jacob Fulltvidor, who bad a mill of his own, became a little crazy, /and used to wander in the . woods, talking to himself and criticising, his friends. Ono day a frieitd, passing through the woods, heard hia voice, -and oreeping near, fonnd him seated oh a . stomp and judging mankind, after the' end of /the world.' Sitting well np, tho'jndge' called first his neighbour : " Shacob Schneider, stand up," " Horo Lord." " Shacob Schnoidor, wliat did ao?/ihufrinrf:-ferinBk7AS«P/T!drff.?:/"/EitHrob Schnetder,.didn'tyou_dakeleetledoo-mucb dole !" ' " Veil, Lord, when de mill stonea was dry and de water was low, I dakes leetlo doo niuch dole." " Veil, Shdcob ' Schneider, yon can stand to da left hant 'moDg de ecats." " Shorge.Fallwider,atand.npI"Georgo Full- wider goes! throngh the same questioning with the same final reference to the coate on' tbe left hand. After which, tralgbtening'himaelf up the judge' said 1 with peculiar emphasis, " Now, I dries, mlneself I Bbaoob Fullwider, aland up." Shaoob Fullwider, vhat did you de for a living V ' "Vell. Lord, I keep do mill and -spuds de corn." " Veil, ahaoob Fullwider, did "not you daka a leetle doo niuch dele." " Yes, Lord, vhen die mill stones vas dry and I de water .was low, I dakes leetle' dbo'/much dole."' " Veil, Shaeolt Fullwider, vhat did yoti do mit de dole 1" "Veil, Lord, I givet it to _de poor." "„Vell, Bhacob.Fnllwider, :you jcan stand to'do right band 'raong do ihsep; put, it a a tam tight ijuete,"—San Uraneuoo JTem letter. . ; . -7; \- Thb Biter Bit. — A cooper who was in nesd of hoop poles, beset a man to furniab him. with aome. ".Where can I get them ?" questioned tho man. " Anywhere ; Btonl em, if you-dan't do better." Thehdop poles were farniahed, and paid for, when tbe eooper happened' to ,-i inquire of tbe seller" where 1 jie .'got them, " Stole 'em, as you told/me to," .. waa . tho answer. -" Where'did ypu ateaf em V': ". Ob, up in your woods," returned tho man, jiugling his profits. . A Baohelor's Bxvlectionb.— I wish' that I had been married thirty years ago. Oh I I wish a wife and half a score of children would start up ratind me,' hnd bring along with them all that affection- whieh we should have had for each other by being early aoquainttd. Boias i| is, in my pretsnt state, there to not person . in the world I care a atiairforj aDdtht-Wcrid i« pretty even wlth mr. fcf I doa't baUav th«tw. U a person in it wttmcarts a straw Ci» / A humordoa and beautiful young ish bring ukedby beriniaaaitn-ipbern (be wae '- going, said aim trte xoieg to pradtisa arcbery with an , Irish beawnnoiDinh't " A wargWt editor shy that Ae htreetoof on# of the Western cities are tobe lighted with hed- headed girls; That: chop wants to n'tig the lamp-poBta.— Amtrtean Paper, i ; -1 A anrgical jonriml apealta of hmari wh'olivc.d I fiye yettrs with a bail in hia head; 'A'Vtiggiah ' I -friond of outs says lie h'asknow'n.ladiei to live I twice oa long with, nothing but balls in their I heads. . I . " When I first married my wife/' said! a I fortd husband, "I loved her so much that I could hsvo. eaten hsr ; and now," he addod, with a sigh, V I wish to hoaven l had."' - I' What! are yoii drutik ngaiu?"'— " Nn, my dear, not drunk, bqt a HttleaTtppery.- Tho fact ia, my dear,' aome sctmndrel lias,. been- rub- I bing my boots till they aye. as'smootb aae pane of glesi." 