SUNDAY SCHOOL GATHERING. THURSDAY, 26th DECEMBER, 1867. The thirty-sixth annual gathering of Sunday scholars took place at J1 o'clock, in Me.viile-street Wesleyan Chapel. Thomas J. Crouch, Esq., the iirst president of the first Sabbath-school in this town, was present on the occasion, and received the tickets containing the numbers of children iu the respective Schools as they entered the Chapel, so as to enable Messrs. Barrett and Brownell to seat them, by directing the girls to the right and the boys to the left. In the front of the centre of the gallery, behind the pulpit, sat Mrs. Gore Browne, on the right of His lixcellency the Governor, on whose left Mrs. Meredith and members of her family were seated, and next to them Henry Hopkins, Esq., the father of the Independent Sabbath Schools, and patron of Sabbath Schools generally, took his seat. At 12 o'clock the children were seated, the roi;ui being filled to overflowing. The Rev. Mr. Ironside took liis seat in the pulpit, the stairs to which were crowded by young ladies. The religious services commenced by Mr. Scott coming to the front of the gallery to the right of the Governor and Mrs. Gore Browne, and calling upon the children to sing the National Anthem. This had the effect oi' stilling the buzz which for a short time prevailed among 2000 children. The anthem was sung in a 6tyie and with an amount of enthusiasm that must have delighted our worthy Governor and bis lady, and would have affected the heart of our gracious Queen had she been present. One thing appears evident, that for the extent of the population there prevails iu Tasmania as much genuine loyalty as in any part of the British dominions. The address by tbe Rev. Mr. Ironside was, as it should be brief, interesting, and impressive. There was no attempt at sermonizing. He adopted the off repeated wish of the season, " A merry Christmas and a happy New Year" as his motto, and described the source of true mirth to be a sense of the Divine approbation enjoyed by those who accept of Christ in His tlireefold offices of prophet, priest, and king. He miuntained that, this was the teaching they rec«ir«d in their Sabbath schools, and this WM the basis of a pure Christianity, and if their minds were imbued with those great truths by the energy of the IIolv Ghost, then their Christmas would be merry, and their n;-w year would be happy. The singing of the hymns selected for the occasion was very good, and ably conducted by Mr. Scott, who is about to leave for fatherland. When the children were about to withdraw, Mr. Barrett ascended the pulpit, and suggested that they should sing the Ode with which they are to honour the arrival of H.R.H the Duke of Edinburgh. This they sung under the leadership of James Salier, Esq. in a style vastly surpassing any of the previous attempts made by them in the domain or elsewhere. The procession was a grand and imposing one. The children were generally well dressed and formed, headed by their respective banners and fl tgs, a line of great extent, as they defiled off through Elizabeth and Liverpool-street into the Queen's domain, where each school took up ite respective place, and the children and teachers enjoyed themselves in a variety of games, some until four,^ ani some until five o'clock. Here ample provision was made for each school, consisting of sandwiches, mutton pies, buns, cakes, and fruits, and on their return to their different schoolrooms, tea and cake was in readiness for them, which it is superfluous to say, they much enjoyed. The day was a highly favourable one. The number" present were as follows :—Wesleyans, 520 ; Congregafionalists, 660 ; Presbyterian, 212 ; Baptists, 112; Wesleyan Free Church, 90; Primitive Methodists, 56 Queenborough, Watchorn-street, and Cascade road schools, swelled up the aggregate number of children in the procession to 1985, to which may be added another 100, who did not arranpy tlipiliseji-ei; under intr n^j^n.J..^. 1... domain, and partook of the festivities of the day. TEA MEETINGS. Tea meetings for the parents and friends of the children were held in the respective schoolrooms, and were well attended. An interesting one took place in Brisbane-street chapel, over which the Rev. Mr. Robinson presided, and which was kept up until a late hour. At this an address beautifully got up was presented to Mr. Sandford Scott on his intended voy :ge to England, and also a gold watch and chain, the gift of the children. The teachers of the Brisbane-street school also presented him with a richly bound album containing the photograph likeness of each teacher. The church and congregation prt sented a purse of gold to Mrs. Rolwegan, her departure for England, as a token of the estimation in which both she and her late husband were held by them. It was a graceful and becoming act on their part, and reflected great credit upon them. The late lamented George Rol wegan was a most worthy citizen, and a sincere Christian, and a more kind hearted and generous member of the Independant Church, is not to be found in the colony, than is his widow who is about to leave it. While, she had the meaus her house was open to those who loved the Saviour, and her hand was open to relieve the distressed. Her absence from the colony, will create a chasm in religious society here, which will not'be easily -filled up. At this meeting in addition to the chairman and the Rev. G. Clarke, several others briefly addressed the meeting. At the meeting at the Baptisli Chapel, the Rev. Mr. Allen presided. A handsomely hound book, was presented to Miss. James, by the Rev. J. W. Lindsay. This was the gift of Mrs. Hinsby, for her attention to the children during the time of Divine Worship on Sabbath m irnings in the Chapel. Miss. James briefly, but, appropriately acknowledged the compliment thus paid to her. The school room was very tastefully decorated for this occasion with an abundance of evergreens and flowers, and some of the designs reflected great credit upon the ladies who put them up, but the meeting of friends were so large, that they were obliged to adjourn to the body of the chapel. Addresses in addition to the. opening one from the chairman were delivered by Messrs. Potter, Jones, and Lindsay. The meeting eeperated highly pleased with the proceedings of the day, at about 9 o'clock. The meeting at Melville-street Wesleyan School-room, which was tastefully decorated for the occasion was a large one. It was presided over by the Rev. Mr. Ironside, and was addressed in very suitable terms by the Rev. Messrs. Nye and Bennett, and by Messrs. Barrett, Crouch, Strutt, and BrownelL Altogether it was a,- most interesting one. Mr. Crouch was able to remind them of the little school they formed in that neighbourhood in 1861, and which was first addressed upon a Boxing Day by the Rev. N. Turner, led-thp-chiidreirand teachers "to The Government domain, there to amuse themselves, and then to compare that little gathering with the large one they had witnessed that day. The Free Church meeting in Chalmer's School-room was likewise an interesting one. On this occasion the children, who attended well, conducted themselves admirably and attended we,l, conducted themselves admirably, and thos» who were presented with valuable and useful books the gift of the teachers and their friends. Several otliertea meetings were held which we were unable to attend. 