TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1867. ?ft> "We know, on the highest authority that Mr. PARKES, having insisted that Sydney shall be the terminus of all the three lines of postal steamers contemplated by the late Conference, Victoria has virtually receded from the arrangement. The strong oppo- sition manifested in and out oi Parlia- ment, indeed, left the Ministry no choice. Whatever argument might be advanced on high political ground in support of a grand intercolonial scheme, the sacrifice this colony was asked to make was alto- gether too great, and the want of reci- procity so glaring, that those general considerations were utterly outweighed. But we want to know something more than has been told us. It is satisfactory to learn that we have escaped from the net in which Mr. PARKES had involved us ; but what is to be done now ? The period of the con- tract with the Peninsular Company is rapidly running out, and it will not do in so important a matter as this to be caught napping. Unless we aro prepared to renew, on our own account, the arrangement with the company who have so well per- formed the Suez service for some time past, the longest possible period must be given to persons desirous to contract for the carriage of the mails between Melbourne and Galle, or Melbourne and Aden, in which to make their arrange- ments. Even now, it would be almost impossible for any newly-constituted company to build, or to buy, fit out, and send to the scene of their labours, a sufficient number of vessels to carry a monthly, much less a fortnightly mail. If contracts are asked for in England, months of delay and cor- respondence must elapse. If, on the other hand, it should be considered de- sirable—and most people will think it is—to do the work for ourselves, and spend in the port as much of the contract money as is necessary to the maintenance of the fleet, we shall pro- bably find ourselves equally pressed for time if we permit many more weeks to slip away before the subject is seriously en- tertained. It is possible that steam- ships enough maybe found in the colony, and that local contractors may under- take the contract ; but it is also possible that these persons, especially in view of the service being made fortnightly, might have to add to the number of their vessels from the shipyards of the mother country. In such a case it would be almost impossible to take up the work of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, unless contracts are called for early, and arrangements of a pre- liminary character at least entered into at once, It ia not probable, after his past ex- perience, that the Chief Secretary will enter upon this work during a recess, or that he will commit himself to any definite plan without taking the advice of the Legislature. If Parliament or the public had been made aware of the nature of the proceedings in the late congress, our delegates there would have been saved from the somewhat ridiculous position in which they suffered themselves to be placed. This being the case, we must express a hope that Mr. M'CULLOCH does not intend to post- pone consideration of the matter till after the passing of the Appropriation Bill ; and still less to defer it to another Parliament, to be elected after the re- jection of that Bill, if thrown out it should be. As matters stand, the ques- tion of our future over-sea postal arrange- ments is more pressing, and scarcely of less importance, than the completion of the plans of water-supply now in hand, and the extension of the railway system. It is a question of money as well as convenience, and of no small amount. If we have to take up the ser- vice single-handed, any delay in making the necessary arrangements will be found very costly. Precisely as the time shortens will the demands of con- tractors increase. Nor is the subject itself so simple that there may not be considerable diversity of opinion as to what is best to be done. Some mem- bers may think that a monthly inde- pendent line will suffice for our needs. Others may be disposed to go in boldly for fortnightly mails. A third party may argue that there should be some provision made for the Cape route, though the general opinion will probably be that the ocean route would best be discussed in connexion with the im- migration question, and with the sys- tem of land warrants, which the Go- vernment—following the example of Queensland, New South Wales, and Tasmania—may think it wise to intro- duce. Then we have those of our neighbours to consult who will pro- bably find it to their advantage to stand in with Victoria. All this should be dealt with immediately. The existing contract terminates with the year 1868. We are now entering on tho last quarter of 1867, with a troubled prospect before us politically. Who knows when the Appropriation Bill will become law? Who can tell when Mr. HIGINBOTHAM will repent of his wickedness of tongue, and so permit the business of legislation to go on in har- mony ? If we are to have a new elec- tion, and are to renew in a new Parlia- ment the war between the Assembly and the Council over the power of the purse, who amongst us is wise enough to fore- tell when the feelings of members will calm down sufficiently to enable them to go about the real business of the country, such as this matter of the postal arrangement, like ordinary sen- sible mortals? Short as the present session is likely to be, and almost specially called for two specific objects as it was, we trust it will be long enough to permit of the Government submitting some distinct plan for the English mail service by the Suez route. If this is done immediately, and the feeling of Par- liament is ascertained, such steps can be taken as will secure competition for the service. If English capitalists are to be invited to offer, there will be time to enable tenders to be called for in London. If the work is found to be within the compass of local firms, they will have opportunity to prepare, and, if necessary, to build or buy new vessels in the home market. The determination of some plan of operations is the first thing to do done ; and, we repeat, there is no time to lose. The other parties to the treaty—Tasmania, possibly, excepted— are understood to have agreed to carry out the agreement adopted in conference, with or without the support of this colony. We have only ourselves to look to, there- fore, and a very grave and costly mis- take will be made if Parliament is not invited to discuss the subject at the earliest possible moment. The apparently innate and ineradi- cable tendency of all simple forms of government to degeneration and decay, so clearly and forcibly exposed by ARIS- TOTLE, POLYBIUS, TACITUS, and many other great writers of classical antiquity, has been illustrated and confirmed by at least a dozen conspicuous instances in modern history. Government by mon- archy frequently ripens into tyranny ; government by an aristocracy often eventually merges into the rule of an oligarchy ; and government by demo- cracy sometimes descends into ochlo- cracy, or the despotism of the multitude, from the ascendancy of which society seeks refuge in the more tolerable authority of a singe despot. The unre- stricted rule of mere numbers is so repugnant to nature and reason, that submission to it becomes as odious as is the subjection of a man's highest mental and moral faculties to his animal passions and selfish instincts. But once established, this sort of rule has a tendency to become absolute. Courageous and independent minds are conscious of their incapacity, by reason of their numerical weakness, to resist it ; while craven and baser natures fawn upon it, flatter it, humour its caprices, and extol its vices as virtues. It is so much easier and pleasanter to play the parasite than to exhibit the public spirit of a HAMPDEN or to court the fate of a RIENZI. Added to which, the multitude, being ignorant as well as strong, may be robbed with the same facility with which it is cajoled ; so that it is not only beguiled but plundered by its parasites. Probably the most sordid and corrupt representative body that ever assembled in England was the Long Parliament of the Commonwealth ; and if we want to find something closely corresponding to it in rapacity and venality, we must look to the Legisla- ture of the Empire State of America, if not to the Lower House in Congress it- self. On such a subject English periodi- cals and newspapers might not be re- garded as impartial authorities ; but the allegations of the more respectable part of the New York press will be entitled to more respect. Now, according to the Tribune, 118 out of the 160 members of the State Legislature are known to hold their votes for sale to the highest bidder. This explicit statement is adopted and repeated by the New York Times of the 28th of June last, and the Constitu- tional Convention has been invited to inquire into the matter, through the medium of a committee to be appointed for that purpose, by Mr. H. B. WILLSON, who is what we should call a Parlia- mentary agent, possessing an inconve- niently intimate knowledge of " wire- " pulling," " lobbying," anointing with palm-oil, and the more recondite of legislative mysteries. This gentleman, speaking from the experience of four sessions, considers that the Tribune has under-estimated the numbers of black sheep in the New York Legislature. He denies that five and twenty per cent. of the senators and representa- tives are inaccessible to bribes ; for, he says, there were nearly 118 members a " in one branch alone who demanded " payment for voting for almost every " bill that had 'money in it ;' and many " took pay from both sides where there " were competing interests." So, that there is really "no honour among " thieves," and the person who bribes cannot always depend upon the vote he has bought and paid for. Our Ameri- can kindred aro much more astute in their generation than their fore- fathers in the days of Sir ROBERT WALPOLE. There is no concealment about the infamous traffic, and the unblushing manner in which it is effected is thus described :—"Every "body who knows anything of the " system of brokerage for the pur- " chase and sale of votes at Albany, " knows that the business can be " carried on with as much impu- " nity as that of a stock or pro- " duce broker. Neither party can " inform against the other, even for " gross breaches of faith. A member " sells his vote in advance, we will say " for 250 dollars. The money is paid. " He immediately goes to an opposing " party, who is willing to pay as " much, or more, after he has given " his vote. The bargain is struck, " and the last dealer gets the vote, " and pays the contract price, leaving " the first broker without remedy. A " number of such cases were brought " under my notice last session, and, in " one instance, a member from this city " boasted to me how he had got paid for " an old score by this process." The promulgator of these charges declares that if the convention will authorise a committee to investigate them, he shall be prepared to furnish all the necessary details, and to give a specific direction to his wholesale accusations. Anything like self-purification on the part of the corrupt body itself, appears to be out of the question, because, as the New York Times pointedly observes, "If the Legis- " lature were not intent upon facilitat- " ing bribery, and insuring its impurity, " the existing statute on the subject " would have been so amended as to " render other action superfluous." And as is the Legislature of the state of New York, so is the municipal government of its principal city-prodigal, corrupt, and rotten to the core. " A system of " plunder," says the North American Review for October last, " has now been " in operation for sixteen years, during " which the public thieves have stolen " not less than fifty millions of dollars, " and not 'one man of them has ever " been punished, nor even made to dis- " gorge." In the corporation of that city the price of a vote ranges from fifty to five hundred dollars, unless it be that of the chairman of a committee, whose figure is considerably higher. This being the con- dition of affairs, it is not surprising that the government of the city and county of New York should cost. not less than eight millions sterling per annum, being an average of eight pounds per head for every man, woman, and child in the island of Manhattan ! Be- sides this, the city contributes its quota to the state taxes, which amount to £4,000,000 sterling per annum, and to the general revenue. The same seven men who control the political concerns of New York nominate the city members of the Legislature ; and the Review asserts that "no language " can overstate the hopeless incapacity " of these men for the business of legis- " lation. They can only vote as they " are ordered ; and if you wish to buy " their votes, you must arrange the " price, not with them, but their owners " in New York." These evils the autho- rity we have quoted attributes to " an " ignorant and untaxed suffrage ; " and it proposes as their remedy that, while none of those who now exercise the franchise should be divested of this privilege, it should be withheld hereafter from every man who does not pay a direct tax to the city or state, and who is incompetent to read English compo- sition of medium difficulty. The Legislative Assembly is the only Chamber of the Legislature that meets to- day, the Council having been adjourned until to-morrow, as there is no business before it. The consideration of Supply in committee in the Legislativo Assembly will also, in all probability, be deferred until to- morrow, as it is thought that the Esti- mates will hardly be ready this evening. If this be the case, the sitting to-night is not likely to be a prolonged one. Amongst the general business on the notice- paper, are a motion by Mr. F. L. Smyth, for the adoption of the report of the select com- mittee on the Rose-street Common School ; one by Mr. Whiteman, that the land certifi- cates granted to volunteers be made trans- ferable ; and one by Mr. Snodgrass, for a committee to inquire under what circum- stances the Legislative Assembly agreed to present an address to Her Majesty praying that she would be pleased to sanction the acceptance of the proposed grant of £20,000 to Lady Darling. Yesterday was the last day for the payment of the lower duties on geneva and other spirits in bond, and the higher duties im- posed by the new tariff will now be charged. The sum paid by the merchants of Melbourne and Geelong has exceeded £177,000. Of course this is, for the most part, a mere forestalment of the revenue of the last quarter of the year, and of a considerable portion of that of next year, from dutiable spirits. From this source Mr. Verdon had looked for £60,000. The question of the manufacture in Eng- land of the great-coats for our volunteers has been raised in Parliament, and talked of on the flags, by members of the protectionist party. Mr. Verdon, in answer to Mr. Embling, a few nights ago, stated the main reasons why they were to be procured from England ; and it may be stated, in addition, that the concession was not obtained from the Imperial authorities without some difficulty. It was naturally regarded as a great boon to Victoria when the Horse Guards' authorities complied with the request made by Mr. Verdon in England, that the Victorian volunteers should have regular army great-coats at the army price. At first the concession was only made in respect to naval clothing, but it was eventually stretched to include the land forces, who are now to have the best article issued to the British army—viz., that which is worn by the Royal Artillery. In economy alone, it is plain that the colony gains much, for every means is taken, even to the employing of soldiers' labour in the work, to reduce the amount to be deducted from a soldier's scanty pay for his clothing, and at that price the colony obtains the great-coat most suited to its purpose. Some time ago we alluded to, for the pur- pose of answering, a complaint made by one or two of the country papers, that we were in the habit of taking items of news from the provincial journals without acknowledging their source. We replied that our practice in this respect rested upon the common prin- ciple of extracting in a very abbreviated form mere items of intelligence and statements of facts, and of quoting from the journal when we transferred to our columns any extended narrative, description, report, or article of any kind which possessed any quality by which it becomes the exclusive property of the paper in which it appears. We did not reply, as we might have done, in a very different manner, by retorting the charge. We did not say that many of those journals were accustomed to reprint in their own slenderly supplied columns large and numerous ex- tracts from The Argus without any indica- tion of ownership beyond what the internal evidence of the articles afforded. We said nothing about the way in which our tele- grams, correspondents' letters, articles, sketches, and reports are treated by some of our contemporaries in the country as common property, the adoption of which requires no acknowledgement what- ever. But sometimes this kind of thing is really carried too far. A glaring, though it must be admitted not an uncommon, in- stance is afforded by the fact that in yester- day's Mount Alexander Mail is reprinted the fifth article of "Impressions of Japan, by an Australian Colonist." The omission to ac- quaint the reader with the fact that the article was taken from The Argus might be explained as an accident were it not that the frequency with which these omissions occur precludes such an explanation. Perhaps before our country contemporaries take the trouble to bring forward frivolous com- plaints of the kind referred to again, they will endeavour to bring their own practice a little more in accordance with the courtesies of journalism. It will be noticed, from a table published in another column, that the revenue from the Government lines of railway continues to show a decrease under all heads as compared with the same weeks of last year. The aggregate revenue for the past week was £9,595 4s. 7d., and for the corresponding period of 1866 it was £11,412 4s. 8d., or a de- crease of not less than £1,817 0s. 1d., while the weekly decrease on the aggregate for the first nine months of the year was only £748 7s. During the week the Murray line re- turned £5,852 6s.; the Ballarat line £3,141 19s. 3d.; and the Williamstown line only £600 19s. 4d. We are informed that a seizure of opium of some importance was made a few days ago by the Customs authorities. It appears that a firm engaged in the importation of drugs passed entries for some twenty or thirty cases of toilet soaps ; but having understated the weights, some suspicion arose and on one of the cases being opened a parcel of opium was discovered, done up in a manner that left no doubt that a preconcerted attempt at smuggling had been made. The annual meeting of the friends of the Moravian Mission to the Aborigines was held last night in St. George's-hall ; his Honour Sir W. Stawell in the chair. From the state- ment made at the meeting it would appear that the efforts of the Moravians to Chris- tianize the aborigines are attended with considerable success. There were four mis- sion stations, the latest—that near Cooper's Creek—having been established this year, and promising, from the number of natives surrounding it, to be a very extensive field of labour. The meeting was addressed by several gentlemen ; and a special appeal was made for means to carry on the Cooper's Creek mission. The annual meeting of the Australian Al- liance Insurance Company was held at the offices of the company, Collins-street, yester- day; the Hon. K. S. Anderson, M.L.C., in the chair. From the report of the directors it appeared that the company was in a very flourishing condition. The profits made during the year amounted to £11,731—more than fifty per cent. on the paid-up capital of the company. Out of this a dividend of ten per cent. was declared. The wiping out of the item "preliminary expenses," amounting to £2,624, absorbed another ten per cent. ; and the remaining thirty per cent. was carried to the reserve fund, which now amounts to £20,410. The report was adopted, and the retiring directors of the company— the Hon. Captain MacMahon and the Hon. J. S. Johnston—were re-elected. Of the 123 female immigrants brought to the colony by the John Temperley, twenty have been sent to Geelong, and eight to each of the seaboard ports, viz.—Warmam- bool, Belfast, Portland, and Port Albert. The remainder are now at the Melbourne depot, awaiting engagements, the time ap- pointed for hiring being to-morrow, after eleven o'clock. Forty-five of the girls brought out by the John Temperley were selected in London by Miss Rye, and seventy-eight by the agents of the emigration Commissioners. The immigrants appear to be of the sort usually sent out, and they are classified as follows:—Miss Rye's immigrants—Laun- dresses, 5 ; nurses and nursemaids, 12 ; cooks 5 ; housemaids, 6 ; general servants, 25. The immigrants selected by the commissioners agents—Cooks, 2 ; housemaids, 11 ; nurses 6 ; general servants, 46. Five of the immi- grants are not classified. The hon. secretary of the Veteran Batta- lion having received several letters from soldiers resident in the country, who are desirous of joining the corps, expresses his regrets that until the decision of the Govern- ment is arrived at he is not in a position to furnish any decided information ; but, from interviews Captain Lovell and himself have had with Colonel Anderson, he thinks it is likely that the corps will be raised from sol- diers resident in Melbourne and its suburbs. A decision is expected in a few days. The force at present musters 140 good service men, who could at once undertake garrison duty. Messrs. Young and Co., manufacturers of starch and maizena, have circulated a paper which seems to reflect on the arrangements of the late Intercolonial Exhibition, and to call for some reply. It is, in effect, that the prize medal was awarded to a firm who were not manufacturers, in violation of the conditions of the Exhibition ; and that the jurors did not examine the exhibits of Messrs. Young and Co., or, indeed, obtain samples of them. This is attributed to "undue in- fluence," through animus arising out of a disagreement which occurred between the firm named and Mr. Knight, in connexion with the Dublin Exhibition. We cannot suppose that Messrs. Young and Co. are right in this supposition. A correspondent, who signs himself "The Ghost of a Four-pounder," wants to know whether "a cottage loaf " comes under the designation of "fancy bread," or is amenable to the rule that a four-pound loaf should weigh four pounds? Some of our readers who have professional acquaintance with the subject will probably help him to an answer. His "cottage loaf," he says, "weighs only 3lb. 8oz., and his baker shelters himself under the provision of the law relating to "fancy bread." The only matter of importance discussed in the meeting of the City Council yesterday was that relative to the new Town-hall. A recommendation was submitted by the Town- hall Committee that the tender of Messrs. Cain and Lawrence, for constructing the building for £50,450, in Omarau stone, be ac- cepted. This proposition was opposed, on the ground that the Tasmanian stone, though more expensive, was better than that re- commended by the committee ; but as the contractors were the lowest tenderers for both kinds of stone, it was decided, after a rather lengthy discussion, to accept their tender, the commencement of operations to be deferred for two months, so as to give the council a further opportunity of determining between the Tasmanian and New Zealand stone. One or two councillors objected to the amount of the contract, as being larger than the expenditure formerly agreed upon, and a motion was made to refer the whole matter back to the committee. This proposition, however, was negatived by a large ma- jority. It is reported in Gipps Land that Mr. Aplin, whose reappointment to the staff of the geological survey we were happy to see announced a few days ago, is to be sent into that district to report upon the probability of deep leads of gold being found there, and on the best means of prospecting the country. A brigade notice appears in our advertising columns, giving the number of marks awarded to the competitors in the military engineering examination in September. The highest numher of marks (535) was obtained by Sapper J. Cowley, of the Engineers. It is understood that the Oddfellows pro- pose to hold a great demonstration in Mel- bourne on the 9th of November, the anni- versary of the birthday of the Prince of Wales. A bazaar in aid of the funds of the Bruns- wick-street Wesleyan Church commences this day, at two p.m., when it will be opened by the Hon. G. F. Verdon, C.B. The Head- quarters Band will be present on the occasion by permission of Colonel Anderson. Nearly 200 ladies have been engaged in the enter- prise, and they have placed on their stalls about £1,000 worth of goods, including articles of almost every description. The rooms have been tastefully decorated, and a large number of novelties have been introduced. Notwithstanding the recent flooding of the Yarra, the members of the Banks Rowing Club are making great preparations for their regatta, which will take place on Saturday, the 5th hist., and every morning and evening the crews of the various boats entered for the races may be seen training with much energy up and down the river. The committee have secured the attendance of a band, and a very enjoyable day's amusement is anticipated. The Prince of Wales Cricket Club held their annual meeting last week. From the committee's report it would appear that the club was unfortunate in play last season, as they won but few matches. The balance- sheet, however, was very encouraging, and the club have determined to celebrate the opening of next season with a ball, to take place in St. George's-hall, on the 15th Octo- ber. The following gentlemen have been elected to conduct the affairs of the club for the coming season:—President, Mr. G. D. Lan- gridge ; vice-presidents, Messrs. Loach and Ewing ; treasurer, Mr. Showers ; and secre- tary, Mr. Gorman. The operations of the bushrangers in the Murrumbidgee district are daily becoming more daring. It will be remembered that some time since a gang of these ruffians ex- perienced a very resolute resistance from Mr. Waller, of Cuba station, near Hay, and they have since expressed their determina- tion to be revenged at the first favourable opportunity. Mr. Waller, however, is no ways daunted, and has telegraphed to Melbourne for a supply of the most effective firearms that can be procured, in- cluding several revolvers and repeating rifles. Some time since the old white horse which the Rev. Mr. Mackay, of South Yarra, had ridden for so many years, died suddenly, and shortly afterwards the members of the rev. gentleman's congregation resolved to reim- burse him for his loss. This resolution was carried into effect a few days ago, when a deputation from the congregation waited on him and presented him with a very handsome buggy, horse, and harness. The value of the gift was about £150. Some days ago a paragraph appeared in this journal, the materials of which were obtained from a Warrnambool paper, which seemed to reflect on Signor Abecco, as the manager of the Christy Minstrels, for not paying the bills of a bell-ringer and printer, and for at last leaving Warrnambool without paying the amount of the verdict in the printer's case. We have received a letter of explanation from the Signor on the subject, dated from Merino, which goes to show that he was more sinned against than sinning. He says that when the company were about to visit Warrnambool he forwarded the usual bills per coach to the local "paper-hanger," but that functionary posted only one-half of them, retaining the others. His charge on previous occasions had been 12s. 6d. for post- ing and 5s. for bell-ringing; but this time he asked 34s. for posting only thirty bills, and the usual tintinabulation of the bell. This claim was resisted, and the Court awarded only 25s., and 2s. 6d costs. The printing order, for cards and bills, was given at the solicitation of the printer-plaintiff, though on previous occa- sions they had been done at the rival office. They were for a benefit, and were promised to be ready on Saturday night ; but the cards only were received then, the posters being delayed until half-past twelve o'clock on Monday. As they were then of no use, they were sent back ; but the printer obtained a summons, and a verdict for 25s. on the con- dition that the bills should be delivered. The verdict was given at half-past twelve o'clock, and Signor Abecco waited, till a quarter-past three o'clock, when, having to perform in Belfast in the evening, he and his party went on their journey, and they have not since heard anything of the matter. The minstrels appear to have met with some what harsh treatment in Warrnambool. The annual meeting of the Fitzroy Bowling Club was held yesterday, Dr. Haddon pre- siding. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year:—President, Mr. Joseph Dougal; vice-president, Mr. E. Ware ; hon. treasurer, Mr. Wm. Kidney ; hon. secretary Mr. James Baird ; directors, Messrs. Henry Mills, H. P. Fergie, Abraham Robinson, George Rushall, and J Blude. The balance-sheet showed a considerable surplus in hand, an it was stated that a handsome pavilion was about to be erected. The play for the season will be commenced on the 12th inst., with the usual game for a champagne luncheon between sides chosen by the president and vice-president. Notwithstanding all that has been spoke and written concerning "Robert Burns and his Poetry," a most interesting lecture on the subject was delivered by the Rev. J. W. Inglis, at the Town-hall, Prahran, last even- ing. The chair was occupied by the Hon. A. Frazer, M.L.C. The attendance was very large, and during the recital of several of Burns' most admired pieces, frequent out- bursts of applause testified the efforts of the lecturer. The profits of the entertain- ment will be reserved for the building fund of the Duke-street branch of the Hornbrook Ragged Schools. The number of visitors to the National Museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology, applied to mining, agri- culture, and the arts, for the week ending 28th September, was 986. The law of intercolonial extradition ap- pears likely to call for some early attention in Victoria. Yesterday evening an appli- cation was made to Mr. Justice Williams, to endorse warrants from New Zealand for the re-arrest of Mrs. O'Neill, under charges arising in that colony. The application was made and granted under an Imperial Act, but on the part of the defendant it will be- come the subject of further litigation. There was a large attendance at the Albion Turf Subscription-rooms last evening, and the most noticeable feature of the proceedings was the rapid advance of the two New South Wales horses, Fireworks and Sydney Tim Whiffler, who were backed at 6 to 1, and 5 to 1 subsequently became the highest offer. Rose of Australia appeared to be next in favour. As much as 100 to 8 was offered against Glencoe or Nimblefoot, 100 to 5 was offered against Privateer. The outsiders re- cently most backed—Cowra, Toryboy, Queen of Hearts, and Strop—were not mentioned. Within in the last few days Sparrowhawk has been backed to win a good stake at extreme prices, and left off with the best offer against him ruling at 1,000 to 30. Victorian Tim Whifficr and the Maribyrnong horses were not in favour. Offers were made to take 2 to 1 and to back three horses against the field, or 6 to 4 about picking the winner at four times. The largest amount of business was done by one of the "leviathans" of the ring, in long odds, 1,000 to 5 (if not laid), against naming the winners of the Melbourne Cup, the Victorian Derby, and the Port Phillip Stakes. Several wagers were laid during the evening in this way, and at 1,000 to 10 for special picks on the three events. The New South Wales horse, Cossack, has been scratched for the Melbourne Cup. It was announced that the room would be open on Thursday and Friday evening next. The entries for the Melbourne Hunt Club Steeplechases and Hurdle Races will be re- ceived this afternoon, before four o'clock, at the secretary's office. Another small action against the Govern- ment was raised yesterday, on the petition of Trevena and Gribby v. The Queen, for £349 11s., for works at the Industrial Schools at Geelong. The trials of cases on the September County Court list were finished yesterday, and there are now no arrears in this jurisdiction. The last case tried was that of Robinson v. Trehy, in which the plaintiff sought to recover £200 damages for an assault committed upon him by defendant. The subject- matter of the action has already been twice before Petty Sessions and General Sessions, when all the circumstances were very fully investigated, and adequately reported at the time. There was no dispute as to the fact of defendant having pounded the plaintiff to the heart's content of the latter. Mr. Aspinall, for de- fendant, went chiefly for mitigation of damages, and urged that the parties, being neighbours and farming adjacent land, there was no proof of malice ; in fact, the prin- cipal defence seemed to be that defendant was too drunk to know what he was doing. Mr. Dawson appeared for the plaintiff, who got £50 damages. The judges of the Supreme Court sat yes- terday, in the equity, appellate, and divorce jurisdiction, to deliver four reserved judg- ments ; and being so assembled in those jurisdictions, they, by consent of parties, de- livered four reserved judgments in their com- mon law jurisdiction, which, if not thus then delivered by consent, must have been held over till next term, beginning November 21. The judgments delivered were—first, those at common law—as follow :—In Lazarus v. Lowe, a rule nisi to enter a nonsuit in place of a verdict for plaintiff, was discharged with costs—so plaintiff retains his verdict. In Bennett and others v. Solomon and others, a rule nisi, obtained by the defendants, Mr. Murphy, M.L.C., and Mr. Thorpe, to enter a nonsuit, was discharged, with costs, securing the plaintiffs their ver- dict in this case too. In The Bank of New South Wales v. The Moyston Grand Junction Company, a rule nisi for a nonsuit was dis- charged, with costs, again securing the plaintiffs their verdict. In the case of Robertson v. English, some demurrers to pleas of the defendant were virtually de- cided in favour of the plaintiff. The appel- late and divorce cases were these :—In The Astley United Gold- mining Company (regis- tered) and others v. The Cosmopolitan Gold- mining Company (registered) and another, an appeal by certain of the officers of the defen- dant company against an attachment issued against them for breach of an injunction, was allowed, but without costs. In the case of In re Jabez Bryant, an insolvent, an appeal from a decision of the primary judge in equity reversing a decision of the Chief Commissioner, refusing the insolvent his certificate, because he had accepted ac- commodation bills without intending to pay them, was reversed, the decision of the Chief Commissioner affirmed, and the cer- tificate refused. In the case of Mulcahy and another v. The Walhalla Company, an appeal from a decision of the primary judge in equity, granting an injunction to the plaintiffs, and refusing a cross injunction to the defendants, was so far allowed, that a cross injunction was given to the defendants against the conduct of the plaintiffs. In the case of Robinson (husband) v. Robinson (wife) and Gallagher, a petition for divorce from the wife, on the ground of her adultery with the co-respondent, was granted, with costs against the co-respond- ent. A further examination took place in the estate of Fallu and Fallu, late of Flinders- street, shipchandlers, in the Insolvent Court, but the case presents no feature of public importance. . The Bourke General Sessions commence this morning in the County Court-house, before H. W. Pohlman, Esq., and a bench of magistrates. The calendar for the present month is more lengthy than usual. The City Bench was occupied for some time yesterday in hearing a charge of perjury against Peter Maver. On the 21st inst., woman named Green was charged at the court with stealing a desk, on which occasion Maver swore that Charles Willison was not a partner of his in certain contracts taken from the Government. It was yesterday attempted to be shown that this statement was untrue, and the Bench, being satisfied that a primâ facie case had been made out, committed the prisoner for trial, bail being allowed in two sureties of £50 each. Three well-known characters, named West, Holbrook, and Doran, were charged at the City Court yesterday with being in a public place with intent to commit a felony. On the night of the 24th inst., the premises of Mr. Bates, provision dealer, of Swanston- street, were entered, and a quantity of to- bacco stolen. The prisoners were seen loitering about the place early on the morn- ing of the 25th, and were taken into custody. One of them was on watch while the others were standing against a gate, the lock of which the constable afterwards discovered had been picked. West and Holbrook were sentenced to six months' and Doran to three months' imprisonment. Two jovial Irishmen, named M'Mahon and O'Dea, having on Saturday taken too much of "the cratur," stopped a policeman in Elizabeth-street, and, ascertaining that he also hailed from the Emerald Isle, insisted upon his having a nobbler with them. The officer, however, did not allow his feelings to interfere with his duty, and declined the offer ; but M'Mahon and O'Dea were so anxious about the matter that they threatened to break the constable's neck if he did not comply with their wishes. Instead of doing so, however, he obtained assistance and took them both into custody, but not until after a sharp fight. The prisoners were brought before the City Court yesterday, and each fined 10s., in addition to which M'Mahon was ordered to pay 10s. costs, and O'Dea 25s. Shortly after nino o'clock last evening, two small wooden cottages in Heath- street, Sand- ridge, were totally destroyed by fire. The Sandridge fire brigade, with a portion of the Melbourne brigade, were speedily on the spot, and succeeded in preventing the fire from spreading to the adjoining premises. The origin of the disaster has not yet been ascer- tained. A country paper states that the township of Winchester, situated on the Crooked River, has had a mushroom-like existence. Two years ago it contained a considerable number of inhabitants, and it is now entirely de- serted. The post-office is closed, and Mr. Hamilton, the last remaining inhabitant, left last week. At the Government land sale, some two years since, a great number of allot- ments were purchased at the upset price (£50 per acre), and a great number of hotels, stores, and buildings of all descriptions were put up. The recently-appointed Chinese interpreter for Ballarat, Mr. Abboo Mason, handed in yesterday to Mr. Ryall the sum of £3, col- lected by him on behalf of the Chinese lepers from among his countrymen. A sum of £400 has been remitted from Ballarat to the Mayor of Sydney for the benefit of tho sufferers by the late floods. The expenses amounted to about £50. The London Chartered Bank is about to erect new and more commodious premises at Ballarat than those they now possess. The site is in Lydiard-street. The constituents of the water of a mineral spring discovered on the banks of the Murray, at Echuca, have been found by Mr. Sydney Gibbons to be as follow :—" Solid residue, per gallon, 36.57 grains ; organic matter, 8.53 ; mineral constituents, 28.04 ; chloride of so- dium, 23.77 ; carbonate of lime, silicia, iron, 4.20 ; sulphates," &c.; A Chinaman who has been among the for- tunate ones at Myer's Creek, finished the working of his claim a few days ago. He had been at work in it for about two months, and in that period obtained gold which was sold for £1,163. A handsome gold watch, which cost twenty nine guineas, and bears an appropriate in- scription, has been presented to J. Purcell, one of the drivers of the mail coach between Echuca and Deniliquin, for his skill and civility. The immediate occasion of the pre- sentation was his courage in saving his passengers from harm when he himelf was thrown from the box in consequence of the bad state of the road. The money was sub- scribed by the passengers on that occasion and other friends. A frightful accident occurred yesterday on the Geelong and Ballarat line of railway, to a stoker named George M'Donald. It appears that when the twenty- nine minutes past one p.m. train from Geelong for Ballarat arrived at the Leigh-road Station, a waggon contain- ing a carriage had to be shunted off. The stoker, thinking the porter slow in uncoupling the waggon, jumped off to do the work him- self. While doing so, the engine was moved backwards, the man was knocked down, and before he had time to recover himself the engine went over his legs, cutting one off below the knee and the other just above it. Constable Mulcahy, on being informed of the accident, obtained a waggon, and brought the unfortunate man into Gee- long last evening. He was dead, however, having only lived three hours after the acci- dent. He died in the greatest agony. He leaves a wife and two children, who reside in Ballarat. An inquest will be held on the re- mains to-day. It is stated that the station authorities thought the poor fellow would reach Geelong Hospital sooner by spring-cart than Ballarat by train. At the usual monthly meeting of the Bar- rabool Shire Council, held at Mount Moriac yesterday, the shire engineer was instructed to make the necessary repairs to the roads and bridges within the shire, damaged by the late rains, and to prepare plans for a new bridge at tho Wannon Ponds, in lieu of the present one, which has been nearly washed away. The subject of the drainage of Lake Modewarre was again mooted, but owing to the shire council of Winchelsea having taken no steps in the matter, the subject had to be postponed for another month. The inhabi- tants residing near the lake, whose lands continue to be inundated with the surplus water, feel themselves aggrieved at the delay. "It appears," writes the Smythesdale cor- respondent of the Star, " that the loss of shorn sheep in the Western District through the late storm will be immense, the parti- culars already to hand being truly deplorable. Mr. M'Donagh, sheep and cattle dealer, Linton, writes to inform me that on Thurs- day night his man returned with some sheep he had been sent for, and that he states for certainty that Mr. Wilson, near Mount Elephant, commenced shearing on Tuesday, 24th September, with a shed of fifteen shearers, who turned out 800 shorn ewes, all of which died on the following day, from exposure to the wind and rain. The poor things were lying huddled together in small groups all over the paddock, and were a sad sight for even a man with broad acres to look upon. On Thursday, Mr. Wilson had five men engaged in burying the sheep. Three hundred other shorn sheep, belonging to Mr. Robinson, were also destroyed by the storm on Tuesday. In the northerly portion of the district, however, there does not ap- pear to have been any loss, but this may be owing to the shearing not having been com- menced." The Geelong Advertiser is informed that "a ludicrous incident has occurred near Colac, which will probably afford food for conver- sation in that locality for some time to come. A tailor agreed to have his board at a certain hostelry, cautioning the landlord not to permit him to imbibe too much, for, if he did, he would find it would send him cranky. On the evening of one of our late down- pourings of rain, the tailor, under a fit of depression, got quietly ensconced with the landlord in his private parlour, and on the pressing solicitation of mine host transgressed the golden mean, and forthwith the 'cranky fit' took possession of him. When suddenly, in true melodramatic style, ho seized the landlord, and ejected him incontinently out of his dwelling into the pitiless rain, declaring that mino host was an impostor, and that the hotel belonged to him (the tailor). For a long time the landlord was unable to obtain re-admission, but at length, by repeated entreaty, the inebriate tailor's heart was softened, and matters, we believe, were arranged over a parting glass to the tem- porary satisfaction of the tailor ; but there can be no doubt mine host arose in the morn- ing, if a sadder, certainly a wiser man." From a return laid before the Parliament of South Australia, it appears that from ten districts over seventy families, all Germans, excepting seven who were English and two Scotch, have emigrated to New South Wales or Victoria. They were all tenant farmers or small freeholders, and have left South Australia because the right to purchase their land was valued at too high a rate by the Government, or because their rent was too high, or because their holdings were too small to give employment to their families. Gene- rally speaking, they had become convinced that they could get better land at a cheaper rate in this colony or in New South Wales. These emigrants were about to be followed by nine or ten families from South Rhine, and ten from Angaston. Eighteen districts had not furnished returns, and others re- ported that there had been no emigration from them. . At a late bazaar in Brisbane, one of the prizes offered to subscribers to an "art- union" was a return-ticket from Brisbane to Sydney and back, presented by the Aus- tralian Steam Navigation Company. It has been telegraphed from Rockhamp- ton, that the banks there purchased 720 ounces of gold last week, the produce of the lately-discovered gold-fields in that neigh- bourhood. We observe from the Queensland papers, that a young man, named Octavius Frede- rick Farquharson, a son of the late Mr. Far- quharson, of Invercauld, Aberdeenshire, has been accidentally killed by riding violently against a tree, on Toolburra Station, near Warwick, where he was living with the pro- prietor, Mr. Coutts, to gain experience of squatting pursuits. An inquest has been held at Deniliquin, on the body of a coloured girl named Susannah Symons, eighteen years of age. On the night of Sunday, 8th September, the girl disappeared in a very mysterious manner from a hut on a free selection on the Conargo- road, twenty miles from Deniliquin. Her body was found a fortnight after, in the creek, about a quarter of a mile from the hut. The medical witness said that death was the result of suffocation, but he believed that suffocation had not been occasioned by drowning. The uncle of the girl, named Webster, to whom some suspicion was at- tached, and who had, since her disappear- ance, attempted to commit suicide, was ex- amined as a witness, and made statements which were refuted by other testimony. The jury brought in an open verdict, adding a rider to the effect that strong suspicion rested on Webster. The latter is in custody on the charge of attempted suicide. Some human bones, which have been pro- nounced by Dr. Dobbyn to be those of an aboriginal, were picked up on the Laceby run a few days ago, and brought into Wanga- ratta. At the Wangaratta Police Court, on Friday, William Marshall, for violently assaulting a Portuguese (Francisco Antonio), was com- mitted to take his trial at the ensuing sittings of the Beechworth Circuit Court. The in- jured man, who sustained a fracture of the skull so severe that a portion of the bone had to be removed from the brain, in which it was imbedded, has so far recovered that he appeared in court, and gave evidence in the case. A descent was made by the Daylesford police on Sunday, on a Chinese gambling house at Wombat Creek. Two of the con- stables in plain clothes went up first and secured the door, when the sixty Chinamen who were inside burst out at the back of tho house, taking with them the bank. The police with some difficulty, and after a severe struggle, managed to secure seven of the gamblers, who will be brought before the police court. During the time the police were there the whole of the Chinese inhabi- tants of the vicinity, to the number of several hundreds, swarmed around the place watch- ing the proceedings. Charles Lovell, who was arrested some time since near Dunkeld, in the Western District, on the charge of fraudulently concealing a will and life policy belonging to his deceased servant, John Johnson, was brought up, on remand, on Thursday, at Dunkeld. The will, which was produced, showed that de- ceased had left £800 of the amount of the policy to the prisoner, £100 to Maria Lovell, and £100 to John Westicourt, of Geelong. The Bench committed the prisoner for trial. On account of the flooded state of the Murray, crossing sheep at Moama has now become a difficult matter. It is necessary to catch each sheep, and to take them over in pontoons, about a hundred or so at a time. "The inspection and valuation of the im- provements effected on the lands selected in the agricultural area of Parwan, on the 30th June, 1865, have been completed," says the Bacchus Marsh Express of Saturday last, "by Mr. James Young, J.P. Although full particulars of his report, forwarded to the Board of Lands and Survey, have not transpired, we understand that it is most satisfactory. The value of the im- provements effected amount in the aggre- gate to over £10,000, and the number of acres under cultivation to over 800. The improve- ments on many of the farms are of a most substantial description ; the amount ex- pended on one farm alone is nearly £900." In spite of the active search that has been made by the police and residents of Linton, nothing whatever has been learned of the lad Dunstan, who mysteriously disap- peared from that place two or three weeks ago. From the Ovens Advertiser we learn that "there is now in the possession of Mr. Charles Duncan, grocer, Wangaratta, the snuff-box of Prince Charles Edward Stuart, the Pretender. The box is shaped almost like a small vase, with a lid, the material being of silver. On the top of the lid there are the initials legibly engraved, and on the side of the box the dato 1745 plainly discernible. Mr. Duncan recently received this relic of troublous times from Scotland through the death of a near relative. We believe it has been handed down as an heirloom in the family ever since the memorable battle of Culloden." A Mr. Ewing, who delivered a speech at temperance meeting at Ballarat on Saturday, wound up with the following peroration, which seems to have been a great success : "Rather give him the soldier's bloody bed than the drunkard's grave. Give him the battle-field, with the red rush of the British phalanx, when the grim-visaged Mars reared his gory standard high over the smoke of battle." According to the Wood's Point Times, the new line of the Yarra track from the Black Spur to Wood's Point is to be regarded as a piece of great engineering skill, from the fact that, though it traverses so difficult a part of the Great Dividing Range, originally almost inaccessible to wheeled carriages, it has been laid out with very easy gradients. "It is not generally known," says the Gee- long Register, "but we hear on very good authority, that there is a spring of mineral water in the neighbourhood of Geelong which has an effect on patients drinking it similar to that of some of the German spas. The exact spot we are not acquainted with, but it is said to be near the bottom of the slope the Eastern beach, not a great distance from Limeburners Point. One medical gentleman, it is stated, has borne witness to the bene- ficial result of drinking the water." Dr. Mackay, coroner for Castlemaine, has written to deny the truth of statements made by the Mount Alexander Mail, relative to his alleged order for the exhumation of a body on which a magisterial inquiry had been held. The Riverine Herald, after speaking of the immense quantities of insects and vermin which had been washed by the Campaspe out of the dead timber, and from the flats, by the floods, says :—"We came across a mob of urchins, paddling knee deep in water, evi- dently engaged in some absorbing pastime. On inquiring the nature of their occupation, one of them replied, without taking his eyes from the water, 'Catching centipedes.' Sure enough, they had captured several, and large numbers were to bo seen moving about among the little naked legs of their venture- some destroyers." A case of attempted murder and suicide has occurred at Mount Gambier, where a man named Goodridge stabbed his wife three times in the back, and afterwards attempted to cut her throat. He also attempted to cut his own throat, but in so ineffectual a manner as to cause the belief that the attempt was only a "sham." It seems that the man was for months past frequently threatened to murder his wife. He is known to be of a most furious and ungovernable temper, and is suspected of insanity. He is now under remand pending the recovery of his wife. From the following notification in the Police Gazette, it would seem that the man who is charged with the murder of Bramley the hawker, is not altogether unknown to the police :—"The property stolen from Wil- liam Droughtly has been recovered, and John Lewis, alias Joseph Whelan, arrested for murderous assault and robbery on Thomas Bramley, identified as the thief, who is called Thomas Parker in the reference." The Ovens Advertiser describes a scene of a most discreditable character which trans- pired it the Yackandandah Police Court on September 25. Dr. Mueller, J.P., having taken, the principal seat on the bench, was requested by Mr. Power, president of the shire council, to vacate it. After some words, in which Mr. Power stated that he would not allow any Dutchman to take precedence of him, Dr. Mueller left the court, and the coveted chair was taken possession of by Mr. Power. Subsequently, a remark on what had passed, made by a solicitor in a case, inflamed Mr. Power to such an extent that he addressed a most violent speech to the audience. He then left the bench, and went down into the body of the court, still talking to the crowd, and saying that if Dr. Mueller would fight a duel with him he would forgive him. It seemed that he had forgotten all about the case before the Court till his attention was recalled to it by the clerk. Mr. Power, not content with the exhibition which he had presented in the court, meeting afterwards with Dr. Mueller at the Bank of Australasia, conducted him- self in such a way that he was pushed out into the street. A summons has been taken out against him by Dr. Mueller, and in the meantime perhaps the Minister of Justice may think the case worthy of his attention. The proceedings in the Wood's Point Bo- rough Council are passing the limits even of ordinary absurdity. At its last meeting, held on Wednesday, the council indeed so far re- turned to common usages as to be content with one chairman (the mayor) ; but, in re- compense, eleven persons, who called them- selves councillors, took their seats at the table. The Municipal Act limits the number of councillors to nine ; but acts of Parlia- ment are treated with considerable free- dom at Wood's Point. The town clerk, who was dismissed at the former meeting, seemed to have totally ignored his dismissal, and, what is more strange, the council seemed to have done so too. Proceedings opened with a row about the presence of two of the soi-disant councillors taking their seats, and also about the circumstances of their election. In the discussion (to speak of it so) it was stated that one of the councillors " had sent to Melbourne for a mandamus, which was now coming up the Yarra track," and from which great things seem to be anticipated. Councillor Nash persisted in his demand for information respecting the election. While he was talking, Councillor Whitelaw rose to a point of order. He would draw the attention of the mayor to the fact that Councillor Nash held an open knife in his hand. Councillor Nash (who had been holding in his hand a knife and a pen, which to the eyes of the objecting councillor had transformed themselves into a knife with a very long blade) replied that the knife was not open. Councillor Whitelaw (with consi- derable stage effect, as we are told by the local paper)—"Is this a dagger that I see before me ?" This was the great point of the evening, and called forth the loud applause of the delighted audience of Wood's Point burgesses. The council then went on to "business;" and, as the town clerk refused to read the minutes when the mayor told him to do so, he was again dismissed. Mr. Peters, who had been before appointed town clerk pro tem., was called upon to act in that office, and was directed to record the fact that Councillor Nash had applied the words " treachery and corruption" to the conduct of the mayor. The mayor then declared the meeting closed. Nothing had been done, ex- cept that the mayor had been " written down, "—not exactly as in the case of Dogberry but in a style that he seemed to regard ai equally satisfactory. This, anywhere but at Wood's Point, would naturally seem the end of the evening's proceedings ; but then six of the councillors immediately formed them- selves into a meeting, and went over all the "business" again. The state of matters on the Upper Darling is reported on as follows, in a letter dated Wilcannia, 11th September, which is published in the South Australian Register:—"We have had several days of wet cold weather since my last, which have delayed the shearing and carting in of the wool. This is to be re- gretted, as the river is going down very fast and there is no time to be lost. If the river continues to fall as it has done this last week —at the rate of a foot every twenty-four hours —it will not be long before the upper river navigation is stopped. The Jolly Miller arrived hero on the 5th inst., her principal cargo being flour, only a portion of which she will land, as the market is overstocked with this article, over 200 tons being here for sale, and the stations already well supplied. It will be many months before this stock can be cleared off. The steamer Kennedy arrived here on Sun- day, the 8th instant, having been delayed near Menindie by the breaking of her piston- rod and other parts of her machinery. The Bogan and barge, from the Goolwa, sailed for the Upper River on the 5th inst, The Albury is daily expected from Wentworth, The Francis Cadell, Maranoa, Goolwa, Moolgewanke, Culgoa, Teviot, and Bogan, with their barges, are all in the Upper Darling, waiting for wool ; the Jolly Miller and Kennedy at Wilcannia, the Wentworth at Tintinalagy Station, the Lady Augusta and Albury in the lower river. The latest advices from Bourke speak of a slight rise there, but nothing to back it up. The drays from Bourke are offer- ing to cart wool to Sydney for £11 per ton. Flour at Bourke £14 per ton, but no demand. We have had rain from north-west all day, and still raining." A sad accident has occurred at Rosedale, where Frederick Stratton, driver of the mail between that place and Stringer's Creek, was drowned on Friday night, in the lagoon between the two bridges at Rosedale. The cries of persons in distress being heard at the Bridge Inn, two men went down to the lagoon, and put off in the boat that had been plying there during the day. They found that a young man named John Rowley had got into difficulties from his vehicle over- turning, and they were just in time to save him as he was clinging to the tele- graph-post. Just then Stratton drove up with his coach, in which were two passengers. The boatmen took the two pas- sengers into the boat, and were followed by Stratton with the coach. Stratton told them that he could not swim, so that if he got into the water they must look sharply after him. At that time the boatmen went to the assist- ance of a man named Page, who was riding, and leading a pack-horse, but was swept from his saddle. On returning to look for the coach, they found it upset and the driver missing, he having been drowned by falling off while attempting to turn the vehicle round. The coach horses and some others, four or five in all, were drowned. Stratton, whose body has not yet been recovered, was a steady, careful man, and his death is much deplored. From many parts of Gipps Land come accounts of flooded creeks and rivers, and narratives of adventure at the crossing-places. The following account of a case of ship- wreck at Ballarat is from the Courier:— "The lieges of Ballarat, so long as they re- main in their own district, are free from the dangers of the great deep ; but on our lake, although it is a little shallow, there are cases of shipwreck sometimes, but none has ever previously occurred of such magnitude as the one we have to record, which took place on Sunday. The 'fast and favourite steamer' Victoria had crossed Lake Wendouree several times with crowds of pleasure-seekers, 'and all went merry as a marriage bell ; but on one fated trip, when she had 200 passengers aboard, something went awry, and loud cries of 'she's sinking' from a score of female voices startled the wild fowl, and must have shaken the nerves of the bunyip, if he still keeps his abode among the reeds. 'Then there was mounting in hot haste, to the top of the paddle-boxes, amidst th screams of the females and shrieks (of laughter) of the men who were 'unattached.' The 'noble vessel' settled down very quietly, and the spectators from the shore—with the pluck of Britons—put off in every kind of boat, and all the passengers were rescued, with no injury to anyone." With reference to the late discovery of kerosene shale at Wallaroo, the local journal stales that it was found about two miles from Kadina, in the refuse thrown up from an old shaft. It contains seventy-five per cent. of inflammable matter, and the refuse is not an ash, but a substance like lampblack, which has, in fact, been used as a pigment. The mine on which the shaft is situated is the Old Cornwall Mine, the lease of which had been forfeited, but which has now been taken up by new lessees, who intend to test the value of the discovery. "Romeo and Juliet" was played at the Theatre Royal last night, with Mr. Mont- gomery as Romeo and Miss St. Denis as Juliet. The house, though smaller than usual, was appreciative; and both performers received the honour of more than one call. The substitution of Mr. Whitworth's farce, "Catching a Conspirator," for the "Double bedded Room," as the afterpiece, was a welcome change in the programme. The play announced for to-night is "A New Way to Pay Old Debts." Mr. and Mrs. Gourlay's entertainment at the Polytechnic-hall last night again attracted a considerable audience. Saturday's pro- gramme was repeated, and was received with as much satisfaction as before. We have received £1 from "A Bushman in Town," for the Immigrant's Aid Society. The collector is requested to call. 