CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE; OR DID THEY HANG THE WRONG MAN? CHAPTER XXIV. SOMEBODY GIVES HIM A FILE. BY MISS RALEIGH. "THE corner cell on the second floor? " "Yes, the corner cell on the second floor; that's the strongest cell in the building; and so we put him there. He's a desperate fellow, they saj ; he slipped through my very fingers once when \ve had him on the lowest floor and got more than a mile away in broad daylight before we got him again. But he's safe now! " "Then yon think he can't get out again?" " I should like to see him try," answered the gaolor, laughing a little contemptuously. " Pretty hard ticket, ain't he ?" " Acts like it." " Bather of a bold murder!" "Yes." "Well! there's one consolation, justice will be done." " Ob, yes; he'll awing for it fast enough. I don't sec how it can be otherwise. If the law don't hang such fellows as he, I don't sec what it's good for. A man's life wouldn't be worth two-and-threepence if any one had a grudge against him or his family, or a hankering after his money. No, sir, this is a free country; but a man can't murder and rob in broad daylight, or in the dark as to that matter, without get ting found out and suffering the penalty sooner or later, as this fellow will find out to his cost. " Then you're no faith in his story about taking a man over to Long Island and getting that watch from him ?" " Lord!—no ; a man that will murder will lie, or do anything else to get his neck out of the scrape. Then there's that coat and hat found in the very house, and which he didn't pretend to account for. I tell you it's the most damnable evidence that could be brought against a man, and is enough to hang him a dozen times over." " But it's possible that his story may be true, and that he may not be guilty after all ?" " It is possible that the moon's made of green cheese, but it's too ways probable." " I know—l know ; I was only suggesting the thing. Have a smoke—prime tobacco?" ■aid the man, holding out a huge box from which he was leisurely filling his own smoke stained pipe. "WaU, I don't know but I will," answered the gaoler, palling out his own pipe and with his thumb and finger stuffing it full of the brown weed. " You hare rather a responsible position here?" " Yes, rather." " Aren't you never afraid of some of these regular desperate fellows ?" "Afraid! Lord, no!" " I wouldn't be in your place, though." "Wouldn't? Why?" " 'Cause I should expect to get knocked down and have my head split open, or my throat eat when I was least thinking of it." "Should, hey?" and the gaoler laughed a loud, jolly laugh. " This is prime tobacco, though, that's a fact. Where did you get it ?" taking two or three whiffs with great apparent relish. « Bought down to York." "Belong that way, then ?" "Yes.—A pretty strong looking building out aide," said the ether, half shutting his eyes, and letting the smoke, float out lazily from one cor ner of his mouth as he looked up and down the walls with a critical air. " Yes, and it's strong inside, though not so strong as it looks. Perhaps you'd like to go around inside and see the prisoners." Hide by side they went leisurely over the gaol, making comments here and there. The thick oaken floors were bolted through with huge iron spikes, the great steel heads worn smooth and bright till they shjne like stars; the thick walls, the high, small grated windows, the narrow, dark corridors, and locked doors, told plainly enough what the building was made for. At last they came to the north- east corner cell on the second floor. " This is where we're caged that St. Cyr. You can speak to him if you like, but you won't get much out of him, for he's a sullen dog, not saying a word for days sometimes." " Shows his disposition." "Yes," answered the gaoler, turning the key in the heavy lock. It was a small seven-by-nine room, with the same bolted floor, whitewashed walls, and grated windows that was the fashion of the building, only that here the window was in the yery top of the wall, and was made of three small panes of glass which, if they were away, would not leave a place large enough to squeeze through the body of a child; but even this small place was covered inside and out with a net-work of thick iron bars. The cell was fur nished with a straw bed on the floor, covered with an old blanket, and a low stool which served as a table or Beat. The prisoner was sit ting on the bed with his head in his hands, and between his knees. " His favorite attitude," whispered the gaoler. The other spoke to him, but he did not answer or look up. " Mr. Keep," called some one from the cofi dor, "you are wanted this way a moment." "Wait; I'll be back right off," said the gaoler, stepping out to see what was wanting, taking care to lock the door after him. Ho sooner had the gaoler gone from the door than all the stranger's look and manner changed. He stepped quickly to the prisoner's side, and laying a hand on his shoulder, bent over him, whispering: "Andrew!" He started, ahudered, and lifted up a pale, haggered face, overgrown with grey and black beard. The hollow black eyes burned with a quenchless misery. Anguish was written in living lines all over the once handsome face. It had a terrible wild eort of beauty about it even now; but it was not easy to recognise the Btrong, hopeful, sparkling St. Cyr in the miser able looking creature seated there. He gave a quick fierce glance at the man's face, but it was all strange to him. Yet, he had called him " Andrew;" and the garments he wore—surely they seemed familiar; the coat—why yes; it was his own best coat; he knew it by the torn place on the sleeve which Amber had daintily darned. He leaped to his feet, grasped the stranger by the shoulder, and glared into his face. " Dency!" shot from his dry lips. " Yes." "Where's my child?" At home, and looking for you," answered the stranger, slipping into his hand a file and a ball of tight-wound, hard- twisted and tarred seine twine, glancing significantly at the window above ' their beads. , A ray of hope sprang into that haggard face, ! changing it marvellously. The tremulous hands grew strong and firm as he secreted, with ! the old, quick, nervous motion, the file and twine about his person, and hearing the return ing steps of the gaoler, he dropped silently into his old position, crouching on the bed, with his face hidd:n in bis bonds. " Beady to come out ?" asked the gaoler, un locking the door. " Yes." " Didn't say much, I reckon," observed the gaoler, as the two descended to the yard again. "If o ; he is, as you say, a surly dog, but he's i fast enough now, and he'll have time to sulk it out." " That's so." | But St. Cyr—what was he doing ? He had taken the file from its hiding place, and with I tear-filled eyes, was kissing it rapturously. He remembered no more the white, bore, staring walls that had driven him nearly wild, nor the narrow bounds at which his spirit, accustomed to ample liberty, raged and raved like a caged lion. ~So j that little file meant freedom, and it was more precious to him than a mine of gold. It made a new man of him, and he was so conscious of this that he dared not let the gaoler see his face when he brought his supper that night, lest he should see and wonder at the change. Chapter XXV. HE STICKS FAST IN THE GAOL WINDOW. " More sullen and discouraged than ever," was the goaler's mental comment as he locked the door of St. Cyr's cell one night. I shouldn't wonder if the fellow would make way with him self if he only had the means, but I've thorougly examined the cell, and there's not the least thing to be found that he can help or harm himself with, and I belive my duty is done for this day at all events." The gaoler went off comfortably to bed, and St. Cyr waited till he was satisfied that the lights were all out, and all was still except the steady, resounding tread of the watchman, who paced along the corridors, ever and anon pas sing the door of his cell. September had gone, and it was now midway in October. The past three weeks had been feverish, impatient sleepless weeks, for every night, as soon as all was still, he rose from his bed, and by the aid of his stool reached the iron bars crossing the window, and drawing himself up by one hand, applied the file first to the top most bar. The file was the best possible, and bit with resistless tooth, eating steadily into the bard iron. The very first night the top bar was filed away on the inside, so that one stout wrench would pull it off, and yet on the outside it appeared to be as sound as ever. Before day light the filings were carefully strewn along the cracks of the floor, and the file hidden away in a crevice which he spied in the window, and the ball of twine found an asylum in the same place. This went on night after night, till all the bars were filed, and ready to be removed. For three or four days he had waited with feverish eagerness for a dark night. On the morning of the fourth day, a cold, thick mist was driving over the face of the earth. All day long it grew darker, colder and thicker, and as the sun went down, settled into a cold, .drenching rain. It was a night to make even the walls of a prison seem a comfortable shelter. " The saints be praised," ejaculated St. Cyr, as he heard the rain pouring from the heavy eaves to the stone wall below, and then, know j ing that he had a long, hard job before him' he drew off his shoes and coat, and went to» work. When the sentinel's step sounded at the farther end of the corridor, those two i strong hands fastened on the upper bar, and with one sudden wrench off it came, and St Cyr dropped to the floor, holding the bar in his hands. It made some noise, but not enough to attract attention. He went through the same operation with each bar, till they all lay on his bed. But his work wss only barely com menced. There was the window to be removed, and the outside bars to be filed off. More than once he paused for breath, as a cold doubt forced itself through his mind, when he found how impossible it seemed to stir the window at all; but at hut a part of the casing was wrenched off and the window reluctantly yielded. Then came the filing off of the out side grating, which was an especially hard, tough job, as the file was now nearly worn out. On the last bar the file broke and went ringing down on the stones below. It was now past midnight, and there was that last bar as stout and firm as ever. It baffled all his efforts, and with a groan he let himself down to the cell floor to rest. It was impossible to get out without that bar was off, and was a doubtful matter even then, for the utmost width of the space was five inches, and would it be possible to force his body through such a place as that ? There he sat, breathing con vulsively, with great veins standing out like whip-cords on liis forehead, hands and arms. Freedom had seemed near for days past—could be give it up now? He thought of Amber watching and waiting at home, and sprang to his feet, aud with the strength of despair threw himself on the bar. It suddenly broke, but by a great good fortune did not fall in the yard below. Kow he dropped to the floor, and with quick, tremulous hands swiftly unrolled the cord that Amber had prepared for this very purpose. It was as hard and tough as wire, but would need to be doubled to bear his weight. It was se curely knotted to one end of an iron bar left for that purpose, and the rest of the line thrown out so that it nearly reached the ground below. Then came the process of getting himself through the window. He was always a small man, but later years, without growing fleshy, he had grown thick, and his body and his bones had become harder and lost in a great measure their former suppleness. He had eaten but very little the past three weeks, having just this emergency in view, till he had but very little flesh left. Nevertheless, when about half- way through the window, he stuck fast. There he was half out and half in, with the rain pouring from the roof on his head and shoulders. In a moment he was thoroughly drenched, but he was glad of that, it cooled the fever in his blood and was so refreshing, this out-door air, the first he had breathed for weeks. But he could not stop then to enjoy it, for two reasons the night was fast passing away, and his po sition was by no means comfortable. In fact, it was growing very painful, and every effort he made to free himself only made it worse and worse. He struggled desperately, conscious that he was wounding himself by every move ment j but what of that ? it was life or death now. At last, faint and nearly exhausted, he succeeded in forcing himself through, Ad grasp ing the line in his torn hands, went sliding noiselessly towards the ground; but when he was about half-way down, his weight, swinging a little, caused the sharp edge of the iron bar to which the line was fastened to cut it through, and St. Cyr fell heavily to the stone pavement below. Stunned and bruised, he lay quite unconscious for some time, but the cold rain ceaselessly pelting his face, aroused him presently. Where was he ? It required an effort to recollect; it was so pitchy dark that he could not see at all, and it was not till he stood np and felt the stone wall of the building that he knew where he was> and what had happened. He saw, as he was scaling the gaol-yard wall, that lights -were moving about the lower part of the building. Had they discovered his es cape ? The fear Jent wings to his feet and he was soon flying down the deserted streets as fleetly and silently as a shadow pursued by the wind. Bareheaded and barefoot, with only his shirt and pantaloons on, he darted away through the thick darkness and pouring rain, scarcely knowing which way he went, only that it was away from the gaol. How good it seemed! New life and new vigor came from every flying step. He was free, the saints be praised—he was free, and he grew joyously prodigal of hiß strength, throwing aside the wind and rain defying them to beat him in this race. On—on he went, forgetting his torn feet and wounded limbs. Presently he recollected himself, checked his headlong speed, and stopping, stretched out his hands and face, intently listening and feeling for the direction of the wind. His long practice and unerring instinct quickly told him how it was. He had been running due east, and now with quick precision, he turned direct south, no longer running, bnt walking with the rapid, springy tread of former years. , On he walked, hour after hour, the rain pour ing steadily all the time. At last a dim, grey light began spreading itself along the eastern horizon, and he looked anxiously to see where he was. In the darkness he had passed through Haddam, and Chester, and now he was close on the borders of old Saybrook. Not a moment was to be lost now. It would never do to be seen on the road in this plight, for even strangers would arrest such a looking object as he was; and beside, his escape, if not already known, would be very soon; and men would be scouring the lots and woods long be fore noon. He knew there was a boat waiting for him off the beach, and would wait there till a little past sunrise, and praising the saints that the morning promised to be dark and stormy, and consequently there would be few persons out early, he struck into an unfrequented path, and now, though he began to feel tired and lame, started into a swift run for liberty and life. Chapteb XXVI. SOXE OXB SBBB THE MURDERED KAK'S GHOST. It was now, as he well knew, about seven miles to Mononhatesuc Point, on the old Welch beach, where the boat lay waiting for him, bat the dawn was coming on cruelly fast, and he, in spite of all his hope and determination, was rapidly growing weak and faint. What a sight the gray light revealed! Fly ing, like a spectre, along the wooded road, a small, slight man, without hat or shoes, his drenched shirt dinging to his body, showing the sharp shoulder-blades and ribs, that stood out as if he was a living skeleton. The bare, torn feet were bleeding at every step, the black, matted curb closely hugged his bare head, and the pale, sallow face, where the cheek-bones stood out, and the hollow, lurid eyes sunk in, was a frightful thing to see, for blood was gush ing out of his nostrils and ears as he ran, drip ping on his beard and shirt, till he seemed like the ghoßt of a murdered man rising from his grave. Notwithstanding all his efforts, every step grew slower and slower. He tottered and swayed from side to side, but still strove to run, seeing, with despairing eyes, how fast the sun was coming to the horizon now. Would not God hold it back for a few precious moments ?■ The sun was already up as he came abreast Poker Bock. He had been determined not to look that way, yet something stronger than himself made him stagger and stop. There was the gray old rock, with the cleft where the murdered man had been hidden away. He stood rooted to the spot, his blood curdling with horror, while those last precious moments were fleeing away. He felt, with an anguish of despair, that he could not stir. He flung his hands up to his head, and clenched them tight in his hair. "Oh, God! oh, God!" he shrieked, and the shriek thrilled out sharply through that cold, pitiless dawn and pouring rain. What was that ? An echo of his own tortured voice ? He turned ; a boy going for his cows had seen him, and believing it the ghost of the murdered man, fled screaming back up the path he came. The sight and the sound broke the spell that was numbing St. Cyr, and he turned into the path by Dewy Brook, shuddering as he thought of the last time he went that way. He was no longer running—that was impossible. He reeled and staggered and fell, rose, and reeling, dragged himself on again. How he reached Mononhatesuc Point he never knew, but he did reach it at last, and stood staring, with eyes starting out of their sockets, for the boat that was to take him off. Up and down the whole length of the beach, on either side, there was not a boat of any sort to be seen. He put his hands up to his eyes and stared. There was—yes, he knew her by her sail—there was the Venture just moving up to her wharf at the island. He was just a few moments too late. She had stood off and on the shore till long past daylight, and then, des pairing of his success, had gone slowly back to her wharf. At that moment, Asa was trying to comfort Amber on the wharf, little thinking that only about a mile away stood her father, on the beach, cursing himself and his fate, and longing, with unutterable longing, to see bis child once more. He turned and looked if, happily, a boat kept on the shore by some fishermen might be found, in which he could yet escape; but no, the beach was quite bare. Swimming was not to be thought of in his exhausted condition; he would sink before he got six rods from shore. The Point was a long, low, bare finger of land running out into the bay, continually washed by the waves on either side. There was not a crevice where a hare could hide. He dragged himself along the Point to where it joined the mainland. Here, in the abrupt bend of the shore, was a low, thick fringe of ibeaoh plum bushes, and long, thin porerty graak. mixed with shells, pebbles, seaweed, and bits of drift-wood, which (he high spring tidea had forced up the face of the sloping leach, making a low ridge or furrow in front of the bushes. Here, behind a log of drift-wood, embedded in the sand, and under the bushes, he dropped down, as completely hidden as if he had been in his grave, and from sheer exhaustion, fell into a heavy, dreamless sleep. |TO BE CONTINUED. J 