THE SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. -SjO-mony'of our pircle-lost-money-ín-t pnnio on BlaokrFridayVithat it was like boi ont of- the fashion-not-to -have-lost, and_ were; in-itrV-in.it to the oxtromeè.'.' ït.'pjit Emmy's wedding, and there were a few'do when Ï'thought it' would' put''an- end - to i but the young people determined othorwi got .married : on .their (hopes,('youth, a courage, and went' away in August to ma ! the best pf the world at the other side of Our 'London'' establishment ''was' "¡final broken -up," and after some , inquiry for, oheap neighbourhood1 whero good eduoati was to bb had,for boys> we travelled doi into Shropshire/and thought ourselves fall quite i iri: ïuok'B way/wh'en 'we found A Grange, a roomy house in a large gard« not teri minutes'; walk froriutho gramric school, to lot for the very, moderate rental £80, ' '.' ' ". ' '. ; . '."V; ' The easy adaptability of common, hum nature to altered circumstances is wonder: and, meroiful I . Hore was my, Joho, who h toiled and' moiled from youth to grey ba: to get.rich.honestly,.who had contemplât ;withdrawing from business.with bis tens thousands';: and hnd'rotired with a few hu areds snatched out of the fire, looking, aft a i.month .of ,. oountry?-life, healthier , á: bappior than I had seen him look' for yea The worst1 was1 'come, and'we were n utterly ' beggars ¡\'wb'hadsuffered shipwrec but we had got; safe to land ; we had lost immense' fortune, but wei had not : lc ohuraotër, nor oatisod 'the ruin of others ; ' had.come down to otir ' primitive oonditii .ofneUhbr riches nor .poverty, and I think liked it better than,tho vanity and vexath 'of spirit'that had attended-our gradual ri and progress in London sooiety. Emr Was' gone, but she hud .taken her hear desire with ¿er, and we had the threb bp left for our love, oare, and occupation. Th needed no consolation that they could n find' for themselves in our haunted Grau j and wilderness garden ; and though Will was sorry to leave his .masters and frien at the Charter House, he soon liked th oso 1 found at the grammar school. - ! I wish I could' make you see the hous it is a vbry ploasantjplaco. . lt stands en ways to tho road, ana a high wall, enoloaii the' garden, runs along it, book and frPi for nearly à hundred' ynrds ; ash-trees i ai beech-trees stretching their bronchos ov the parapet, and making a delightful shae walk of the pathway'pf an afternoon, had been untenanted.for soveral years befo we took it, and the owner was glad to put, in sufficient repair to ensure our reinainin The sitting-rooms, on-the ground floor, we largo,..J>ut low 'anoV;rather gloomy; tl smaller we fitted up as pur ,'dining-parlou and the other we abandone'd'to 'the' boys,' be their, carpenter's shop and privato snuj gery. My drawing-room. *I made up- stah as far'. äs^öSiblb out pf hearing of the flawing .ana 'hammering,' and' a little' clos opening from it, and extending over tl porch, John lined with shelves, and dignifit with'the title'óf book-room, i Of our' quarters I need soy nb more. ! Tl boy's den is the most .spurious apnrtmei in the house, and had always boen used 1 the principal apartment until we ontered c possession. The wall had been onoo ooloure of a , pinky hub,' and the panels moulde with gilding. The lofty, narrow mante! sliolf- supported on oarvod pilasters,' wt coloured like the wall, which, on tho lei extending tb the book of tho room4-wfi flush with it, and on the right, extending t the'-windows, fell into "a doep recess., Tb windows looked into tho garden ; the doc opened into tho ball, which was divided i tho' .middle with n ecreen tb exolud draughts. ' ''"'',.! The landlord was agreeably suprised c our bidding him not re-paper this room but ho was af tho same time astonished I di not prefer it for my parlour. And wew.ei equally astonished nt his inquiry if I wa deterred from preferring it, booauBo it ha got d bad name in tho local traditions a being haunted.{ We had not heard ;of it bad name, and naturally begged for an ex planation. He told us that tho last occu pants were an overworked London ' clergy man and his wife. That to accommodât them during a longBummor, ho hadfurnisho this room and two others ; that tho lady wa óomfortabla and oontonted, but that ho husband, who was out of health, took a fixei idea into his mind that a female Bbiadorv whioh.wa's not" his wife's, constantly per váded the room. Ile was most sensitivo t its presence at morning and evening prayers Often, nt other timos, when reading a bool or gazing meditatively into tho firo of nights he felt it beside him ; but when ho bent hi eyes ,to discern it dearly, it was gone. Bj degrees, na ' hb recovered his strength anc mental tone, his spootral visitant carno lesi frequently, and before' bo returned to hil town dutios in October, it had quite coasec to trouble him, and he spoke of it himsol as an hallucination arising from adistrossot brain. In popular parlance, however, it hat bebomo a ghost, and the Grange a haunted house. . . ? ?' The boys heard the story, and only liked their den the better for it. For my part, 1 pray that I may novor odme into that Btate of mind and body when I shall imagine mysolf a ghost-seer. For some weeks after they had made 4 Babel of tho empty room, I expeoted tales of wonder and imagination to bo brought j to 'my ears, but hone were brought savo of no oupboards, shelves, no anything but the floor on whioh to de- posit thoir preoious belongings. Their father gayo them n shabby escritoire whioh he had: bought for ah old .song at a Bale in tho town, and n Pombroko tablo with drawers, but still they were not satisfied ; and Willioi one morning, impatiently struck .the,/wall by the Aro place, wishing that woro oupboards. Most unexpectedly, it, gave baûk a hollow sound, and somothing Jika plastor rattled down within. IIo struok again;.ho listened ¡ bis brother listonod ; they all struok, and they' all listened'; they were sure the wall was hollow ; that thero was a recess to correspond with .that on tho other Bide of tho flro-plnoe, whioh was only boarded Up and canvasod. < It was a holiday, and it wnà rainy,' Thpy, had hours boforo thom for . investigation and misohiof, and they set to work'; core fully, At first, and near tho floor, but eoon with greater .boldness. They out out a flßptipn ,of tho oanyas, and dieooverod that it was not plain joiner's work' .behind;-but pannelling, like the rest of tho room. Thoy ripped-away_tho ^ennvaB_from_.beBÍdo ,thp pilaster of the chimney, and espied hinges, chinks-unmistakable eyidenoe of a oloaet in the -wainscot largo, enough to appease their most exorbitant longings for a store- room. They persevered in Bpi to of ohoking dust and falling plastor, ignorant of land- lord's ol nimB for ' dilapidation''arid àî their father's, displeasure, and by noon they ' had completely laid open the hidden-cupboard doors, and Willie had come to mo. for some keys. l ashed him' "what he wanted keys for? He told meabout'the closet -suoh! a largo double'oloset 1 I proposed to go and see it, ' He begged nie to stay .where I was until they had effected a clearance öf'the rubbish.. My suspicions' and' fears were roused, and I went, at once.,-, Rubbish, indeed ! The floor was littered with torn canvas, and the air thick with the powdery dust of the wall-oolouring. " 'Ah old char- woman, Bridget Johnos, whom wo occasion- ally employed, in tho house, bad precoded me on the boys' petition to help- them to remove,tho ruins, and th ero she stood ngapo, resting on her broom,, and orying. " Bless her life;' 'if ' there was' not Madame Stephanie's closet, again 1" Tho boys eyed me a little anxiously as I remarked that I did not know what their father and Mr. Baxter, tho landlord, might say, but Willie began all; tho .same to .try the keys: tho key in common use for most of the other oupboards fitted this lock ; ho turnod it, if.aù with a wrenoh pulled opon one leaf of the door : .and, as he pulled, out fell, with dry, light, jingling rattle, a skeleton with a mass of tattered, oolouiless olothing still envelop- ing it. Tho curious investigator sprang fast enough out of tho way. I cannot tell what any felt or said, but tho first words.I under- stood were from tho mouth of Bridget Johnos. Sho had stepped aoross the floor, and was stooping to examino . a ring that hung on ono finger of tho olenohed skeleton hand. " It ia poor Mam'selle Eliso," said sho; "they told us she'd gone home tc Franoe." : . j , I sont ono of the boys instantly to bring Mr. Baxter; and, before he came, 'theil father was on the scene. The discovery was something moro than a nine days wonder. Thero -was a long inquiry before tho magistrates, and much'raking up ot old memories,' whioh ended, in the silent burial of the bonos in tho ohurch-ya'rd, and in thc addition of a mysterious tragedy to tho local annals. I will tell tho story briefly, as thoy telVit; not in shreds and patches, tis it wat painfully evolved under the investigation by authority.. , , .. , , . ' " In tho'autumn of 1780,' during the earliest .rush of Fronchemigrnnts to England away from tho Paris mob which had just drawn the-first blood of revolution at the storming of the Baatile, there came ovor two ladies ol rank, sisters, middle-aged, and single. ¡Twc servants accompanied thom, a man and t woman. ;. The four, wore rooeivod ¡bye Catholic family in Staffordshire, nndc^ter tained for several months in the hope and expectation that they would soon be able tc return safely to France. . But;, ns thing! there went from bad to worse) and tho; hos- pitality of their host wearied, tho ladies bought a house for themselves. Travelling towards Wales'as a district where they might live oheaply and obsouroly until thc j-eturñ of .better days, ' they lighted on' Asl Grange, whioh the owner and oooupier had vacated but a few weeks before for a narrow lodging in tbe oh anccl of the oliurch. Thc heirrwas-Mr. March, a young gentleman ol ariatocratio sympathies and considérable ., wealth, whoi. resided. ,at Gollort's Gap, c beautiful estate about three miles distant He offered the French étrangers tho use ol the Grange furnished just as it stood, and they accepted it as generously as it was offered. j . The ladies prosen'ly became known to thc neighbourhood as Madame Stephanie 'and Madame Bose le Perier, the last supposed to be a name assumed in lieu of ono of higher distinction. Tho man-servant was Mon- sieur Rigaulr, the, wonan, Madame Bette. Superior servants they evidontly wore ; 'but, in casting in their lot with the mistresses whom they had followed into their triste exilé,' thoy had left behind them all selfish remembrances of past estate, and shared witb cheerfulness the privations of their poverty. And they wero very poor. Tho secreta oi theirhouse hold could not be kept in that littlo idle plaqe, though they took no service from.without.to carry gossip abroad; for the small shopkeepers know every penny.oi their expenditure, and Monsieur It ¡gaul t, who catered for thom, Frenchman, and in- genious Frenchman as he was, often be- trayed to their sb re.wd inquisitiveness the difficulty ho had in making up tho materials of tho dinnors ho oooked.. . Tho ladies wore rarely seen beyond the preoiriots of their home, and the only por sons they admitted within their doors was Mr. Maroh, who was a Catholic liko tbbm solvos, and a priost who carno over from Shrewsbury to visit thom at stated intervals. To Shrewsbury also thoy wont to attond tho sorvioes of their ohuroh on great festival days; andoneo, when they remained ab- sent moro than a week, they were said to have gone to meat some follow-omigrnntsof royal rank at, Alton Towers, tho aentiof the gróat papist Earl of Shrewsbury. Mndame Stephanie waa a porson of grandioso air pot beautiful at all, but of a most magnifi- cent stateliness, ' like a woman : bred 'in ourts, and'usod to think of: nobility as the highest grnco.of God. Mndamo Boso was loss., imposing than .her siator, but moro plena!tig, " and ..several '.yearsi .yoilngdr. Madnmo Stophnnio was growing grey and wrinkled; Madame Bose had.still so much of tho , bloom of youth as may remain with á, bandeóme' brunette of flvo-and thirty. ' ; . ','.;".." ' ,' . . Buring tho second autumn, oft their resldonoe at Ash Orango, .Monsieur. Rigriult made a journóy to Frnnoo. ' News that tho Tuileries hadbeen saoked, tho Swiss Guard slaughtered, and the King and his family imprisoned in tho Tom pie, had roached England before he started, and tho torriblo massaoros of Septomber wero reportod immediately, after. Next carno a rumour that tho King waa to bo put upon his trial before. the« National Convontioni then initelligenoo that his head badi fallon on the Boaffold, then of tho beginning of the Terror. ' While, MoDsiour Bignult WBB away Mndamo Stephanie mado Iiis littlo hom* hold purohases in tho town. Pcoplothus grow familiar with hor ,"grandeûr,"'an'd vor» haggard und wari her grandeur was-, infinitely moro piteous thari humility. Yet it was'impossible to feel sympathy with Ler Monsieur Rigault had won real liking and! respect . amongst tho shopkeepers, but Madame Stephanie treated the simple folks with that haughty > ,rigour which French writers tell us waa. tho habit of the great ia Franoo.in the generations before the terrible blood-letting of tho Revolution. La Bruycre tho Court philosopher and! moralist of Louis Fourteenth's, reign, .says it was. to Lima thing ni ways now, th'e'forodity with wbioh, mon treated other', men. '. Ho ? saw certain wild riniirials^ male ; and. female, 'scattered pyor tho fields, .block, livid,, all burnt with (tho sun, bound to tho soil whioh they ploughed' and harrowed with invincible obstinoy j they had an artioulate voice, and when thoy,roso upon their feet they allowed n human faoo, and- indeed they wore mon.. At night they retired into their lairs,1 where they lived on black broad, water, and roots. they savod other , mon tho toil- . of Bowing and reaping, but themselves lacked, even to hunger, tho bread they produced. Madame Stephanie lo"Perier,- in the cold inhuman pride of her oharaoter, showed tho latest devolopment of the'1 noble racea -that had lived ,for apps by tho bitter labour of suoh . 'degraded ' serfs ; and sow the scum of. their long perdition had soothed to the surface of society, and society was dying by wholesale of th» poisonous'miasma. In( the early springl Monsieur Rigault wai baok'at tho Grange, but fora few days only; and then ho disappeared again. It was wini or, settled and cold, before he once moro' presented . himself in tho accustomed shops with his thrifty bosket. Ho waa then full of sorrow. His lean resoluto face ran down with tears when tho shopkeepers askod bim tho truth of those awful scenes in Paris whioh their news» j paper feebly dopiotod, but of which he had boen an eye-witness, disguised, and in peril of. his life. The details, ia his broken English, were often grotesque, but they wore pathetic too.''? This time he had not returned alono: ' He had brought - with him a young girl whose father and mother had faithfully adhered to tho unfortunate royal family, and had perished in Optober, only a few days in advance of the . Queen. Th!» girl was the Mam'selle Elise, and the niece of Madame - Stephanie ' and Madame Rose. Mam'selle Elise'was not moro than seven or eight year's old when she came to Ash Grange. She was a.dark-haired, handsome ohild, very imperious, wilful, and passion- ate, whose bursts of fury'-Madame Stephanie severely controlled by imprisonment in the groat cupboard of her saloon ; so, at least the tale wont in the town, whoro tho little princess, was often seen dancing along with Monsieur Rigault, who adorod hor, and whoro she was much noticed for her beauty, her singularity, and tragical orphanhood. Slio had no playfellows but her grief-aged kinswoman.' and their servants, and the imperious, wilful child grow' up into aa imperious,-wilful niaidenf full of caprices and madcap vagaries. At fifteen shu was notoriously, wild, unruly, and floreo; and When- her.'whims were contradicted she would threaten to stab herself, drown her- self, poison herself- any thing to be avenged on bor «uardinnB. Sho was sont to a con- vent :in Warwickshire, to receive education and discipline ; but, after the lapse of a year, soo came homo to the Grange nc milder than she went. Sho mutt have boen I as much out Of her place in a convent ns a I hawk in a d ovo cot ; for restraint was intoler- able to her, and she had no religious voca- tion whatever. From this period Mam'selle Elise assumed to herself cónsidorabló freedom, porhap» license, of conduat,.nnd sho and Madame Stephanie were openly nt feud. Tho young lady detested the poverty and narrowness of hor lifo ; tho older abominated hernoico'a condescensions to gaina little society. She had struck rip an intimaoy with a family "near the Grange, who wore bf no rank and of no reputation. They had grown rich oa the troubles of tho times, and tho sons, half educated, dissolute, handsome young men, wero making haste to squander their for- tunes by aping the luxuries, and extrava- gancies of the squirearchy. It was presently whisporod in the-town-that Mam'selle Elise j hadan intrigue with tho eldest son, and it j barrio to tho ears of Monsieur Rigault that ! a girl who had lately been admittod into the house to help Madame Bette, aotod aa their go- betwoon. This girl was Bridget Johnos. That ' day, of tbo next, Bridget Johnes reoeived hor discbargo, and ' being quit of her scruples with her service, sho opened her mouth and. told astounding tales of tho quarrejs betwoon Mndame Stnphanio and Matn's'ollo Eliso; like sho-dovils, sho said they wero-but sho was sorry for Mnra'sollo Eliso too. Concerning tho allogod intrigue sho was moro reticent ; she denied, indeed, that thoro was any intrigue. This oxposure took pince at tba oponing of tho yoar 1802, and about tho same timo died Mr. Maroh,by whose courtesy the exilos held tho Grange rent free. - His hoir was his sister, who married to a Mr. Raster, tho father and mother of tho present ownor. To soouro them against disturbance Mr. Mnroh, in his. will, mado them'a gift of tho Grange for suoh , time as thoy might ho ploased to oooupy it. If they vaoatod it tho Uaxtors were to acquire possession, but othorwiso,.Madnmo Stephanie; and Madame Roab wore' at liberty to retain lt for their joint andeophrotelives. ThbPoabo of Amioni .opened the continent in /the spring, and the I Baxters, who wero not rioh, had groat hopos that the ' Frorioh ladies would hurry homo and loavo the Grange'to t|iem, butthoy made no signs of stirring.. They had lost all in. Frnnoo-rank, honour, name, fortune, and kindred-and were not likely to rooover thom under tho oonsulato of, Napolooa Ronaparto, thon . mounting to tho pinnnolo of powor and glory. ii Ono fino ovouirigin.Mny, Bridgot Johnos, who had gono to be dairymaid nt tho fobtofyV';had 'ooonsion to walk down tho glebo pasturesthat/ skirt*) ' tho Orango garden, and divide it from tho rlvor. A holiy-hedgo forma tho boundary, which w t i 'solid and lofty as a wall. Mam'sollo Eliao I bad, to-Brldgot's -knowlodgo, .surmounted f this,barrier many, a timo to meet her Io vor, i rand Bridgot had kept hör oounaelfaithfully I while 'sheconnived at,"or assisted' her eva ? reions. VBut after, this'evening she was less j sooret' , She mBt'Mnm,sellei walking hy the riyor alone, and theyhad some conversation. I Jlom'sello., JSlise, ^exhibited a Ting ).'set, with ¡ 'green', stones, ^jijeh she ,had aaoeptodaa à -' bBtrothal-riñgfromJi'er lover^whp, s.hosaiäi'. ! wished herto; fly wi th ,, him to' Sópcland, .} where they cpiild bo married without leave ) -of her.güardians. (l ' . ) ,".',.),")'! : On certain.evenings .subsequent to this ! Bridget Johnes found opportunities pf going '¡ into the postures; prompted by ouriosity ¡to ! learn'how the:.elopement sohemo went on. But she met Mani'aollo Elise no more. Once she saw,-the lover , prowling about, ' watchfully, who.jtold.her. he had not boen able to get a glimpse .of, his, sweetheart for' days.. ' Neitheriwos . surprised ot this, for. Madame:. Stephanie- had moana). of .keeping her unruly young kinswoman in duranoe, which: she used, without the smallest scruple. !., : If she had seen tho ring and if Mam'sollo Elise had braved her with .on avowal of- her design to eaoapo from tho Orango into tho arms of her .plobeian lover, Bridget had n'o'doiibVth'at ehe waa expiating lor iniquity in ¿lose confinement-possibly in her own ohamber,-or quite us possibly in the great close.t of the saloon, to whioh narrow seclusion, with the aid of .Afadamo Bette, .Madamo . Stephanie had more than .onoe committed her, even since hor return from the convent. Monsieur Bigault hod never lost tho dis- tressed countenance that ho had brought b»ok after his last journey to Paris, but at thia timé ho' loolted moro than ever wretched, moro than ever haggard and per- plexed.- He was silent too. When he entered the shops he had no answer to any bit of news from his friends. Jf they asked him'why ho did not go home now. that 'Prance was at peace, and multitudes of ex- iles and English flocking over to tasto tho long- forbidden delights of Paris, he only .shook his head. Ono day, howover, he was seen mounting the Shrewsbury mail coach, and again Madame Stephanie reap- peared in tho town,' more rigid, haughty, «nd formal, if possible,.than before. . ' Then' it began to be said that Monsieur iIHgaultj ¡hndreturned' to France for good, and that! ho had taken, Mam'sollo Elise with him.; . This i was , ;hordly , credited at first, for, Monsieur Bigault had . given . no warning! ?cf his departure to. bis humble friends,' and had made them no farewell ; but it was presently believed and acoepted as quite .natural that ho. should have set off tbus socrctly if he bad to convey away Mam'sollo Elise. That Mam'sollo ¿lise should have ?quietly consented to go was no marvel except to her,'lover, who persisted for -several ; weeks in watching for her still about the Grange. Then there flew abroad a rumour, which originated with Bridget .Johnes,, that the young lady had drowned herself or had been put away, and this rumour presently grew so loud that the rector, who) was also magistrate, felt it his .-duty to have an interview with Modnme Stephanie. Her explanation satisfied '' him... -She said that hernieco had boon conducted back to Franoe and .consigned to the survivors pf her mother's family, who had. recovered h portion of their property, were in favour with the present Government, and .had expressed repeatedly a desiro to adopt her, beforoshe (Madame Stephanie) could agree to yield up. her only brother's only child. ,fche added that oho and her slater were now growing old ; that they had no portion to give with the petite, and there- fore they had striven with their devotion, and had sent her away from thom. She . mada no allusion to tho now notorious intrigue - that had subsisted botweon Mam'selle Eliae and her low-born lover ; but this the rector, who waa himself of high Tory principles, perfectly understood, and aympathiaed with. He would haye looked up his own daughter, or have sont < her into, banishment, bad she so dared to \- misconduct herself. .' ? ' ' ? No ono doubted tho truth of tho reotor's ' assurance when ho lulled tho popular sus- ' . pioions that he had begun to gather round the Grange by publishing Madame Sto )- ..phanio's explanation. Tho lover of Mam'sellé Eliao accepted it like the rest ; but, instead of putting up with he removal ' -as an inexorable séparation, he' formed a sudden resolve to go across to Franoo in . searob of ber. ,Of oourso . neithor Madamo Stephanie nor "tho feotor, who felt with her on this matter of plobeian lovera, would vbuohsafe him any clue to the »hereabouts ef either tho young lady Pr her attendant, Monsieur Rigauit. He, howvor, act out at the end of September or the begining of October, and his journey, with tho quest an yiow, was long aftor talked about aa a romance of affection. For several 1 months nothing was heard of him; his own pooplo said he .had fallon into the slough of Parisian wiokedness and revelry, and that waa why. But in tho ensuing spring there i carno a letter^ with inteljigenoe that his endeavours to disoovor his)lady-lbvo had been all in vain¿ and that \- ho was about to return home. Ho never .did return, however, for tho rupture of tho Peace of Amiens took place in May, 1803, and all the tra vol ling English in- Franoo .. i wero detained prisoners by command of the first consul, . Ho diod bbfore a now> ponoe -arrived'to set thom free, and, .with his memory, the ovents. ^of . that timo fadod . into oblivion. ',. The, sole inhabitants of the Grange now wero Madame Stephanie, Madamo Boso and Madama Bettb. Only Madame Stephanie over .encountered, the ,publio gazo. Her sister , had become a permanont invalid, but no physician ' was " invited to relievo hor .maladies., Their ' poverty seemed move i.plnohing than before, and their seclusion , xnoro complete. ' The rootor endeavoured ,to befriend thom, but could navor succeed in winning their confidence, and at length ?ceased to eook it. .,'.'...' The next ohnngo was the death ) of Madamo ROBÓ, which ' ioourred in 18115, ?when.all England was ringing its bella and rejoicing, over . tho ? glorious viotory, of, Wñtorloo. Onoe more tho Baxters expeotod to come into poBBoeslon of the Grange, .and once moro they vf ore disappointed, Tho restoration of tho Bourbana appeared to bring no joy, no Jfpvival of Lope to tho remaining pair bf exiled women. ""Madame" Stephanie might not have hoard bf it, for any sign'she mode. Aa ' for Madame Bettoj who evbr looked on Ber dark . and furrowed ifaqe onoo was not inolinod to look again.' She was a most forbidding personage, mute as' the' gravo. During all. her long sufferanoe.in England sho had never picked np a word of English speech, nor ? made a singlo English friend. ?'. ' - .'-; i. ! The. two lived ' on together- ,to . > 'quite . ex- treme old' ajje. Madame " Botte died the first,' and died suddenly. 'Madame Ste-' phanie, aged, as shb was, still kept inuoh of her ancient nlertness' and vigor:; resisting overy iridqberáent proffered by the Baxters to remove into lodgings and -accept frotri them tbo tondnnoé ripoessnry at her time of life. Sue survived Mndamo Bette'about eighteen months; and died" as 'solitary: ns.she.had livod. .For two'or: three days she was: missing from her usual haunts, and, when, the house was foroiblyentered! was' found on the floor of tho salon in a dyirig' oondi tion. She mado groat efforts, as of one who wished to speak, but her tongue > could form rio intelligible words, arid before the priest who had boon sent for oould arrive, she waa gono. She was buried beside her sister and servant iri the ohmrohyard. Arid now, at last, tho Baxters entered into possession of the ' Grange. - The old people took up their residonce in it, after putting it into habitable repair at.the least possible'cbst ; for having brought rip'a large and expen- sive fftinily. they had suffered losses, and were less rioh in their old age than they,had been iri their young days. Bridget Johnos was for' sbmo years thoir sorvant and though she remembered arid spoke of the closet in the salon,, it was after the walls had boon re- decorated; and then nobody was extravagant or ourious enough to oare about defaoiag them to reoovor it, until our boys took tho work in'.hnnd. Who boarded up tho oloaet is not known, but there can be no doubt that it kept tho sooret of murdor, arid that. tho skeleton wo found was that of Mam'solle . Elise. Bridget Johnos recognised the betrothal-ring on her hand:-From all the Year Round. 