OUR LONDON LETTERS. LITERATURE OF THE MONTH. LONDON, Jnne, 1867. There are not many books of general in terest to be iioticed this month. Messrs. Longman and Co. have published a few which call for' passing reference. One of these is "A' History of the machine-wrought "'o~ siery and Lace Manufactures," by W. Felkin, F.L.S., &c.; (21s). It contains some plates of machinery and colored patterns of lace. The first chapter is devoted to the old hand-weav ing loom, the only instrument employed for 4000 years in the production of textile fabrics. The second chapter relates to hand-knitting, which was first heard of in the 15th century, and which is fully treated of as being the im mediate' precursor and- cause of they notable invention 'next described. • Biographical no tices of inventors, interspersed with descrip tions of their inventions, and notices of the changes effected by these inventions, diversify the work.' The circumstances attending de pression in the price of labor, and its present improvement, together with the success of the arbitration 'committee in determining questions between masters and: workmen, are of considerable interest. " A chapter is devoted to the rise and progress of the ma chine- wrought lace trade of France; another to the Saxon machine hqsiery manufactures; and third, to that of France and the United States. Each of these contains facts of con siderable 'importance; statistical accounts, appropriate to each epoch, show the progress and extent of these manufactures at home and abroad. "Lewes' , History of' Philosophy, from Thales' to Compte," in 2 vols. (30s),'just ap. pears in athird edition. This is substantially a new work, and for this reason the author has altered the title from the "' Biographical History of Philosophy," under which it has, hitherto appeared, to the "History of Philosophy," under which he 'now - desires. it to be known. The first.'edition appeared two-and-twenty years ago; the second ten years ago; and thi third edition bears no greater resemblance to the first than a grown man does to a school boy. i .. Dr. Forbes Winslow publishes a thoughtful vol on " Light, its Influence on Life and Health!' (6s). It is divided into four parts: the effect of solar light and heat on the de velopment of animal: and vegetable life; the influeroo' of lunar light on the vegetable king dom, and on' the diseases of tropical climates; the alleged effect of the moon on the insane; the hygiene of light. "Laing's Theory of Business" (fs) is a book:written to show in small compass how commerce and banking are severally related to each other as constituents of an industrial organisation. The matters dealt with, in 19 short chapters, are-Modern production, its characteristics; manufacture and commerce, A coniinmrcial credit, mohoy; ,imports: and' ex- w portli, the exchanges,' wages and salaries, pr -'1 fits, .bank notes, the theory of banking, and sl discounting,, chequcs, the Bank of -England; investing-the Stock Exchange; and. pres- o sure, crises, and panic. This manual is in- n tended for busy men, who have no' leisure to b study lengthy, treatises, ,andfor. young men entering on indtistrial. puruits., . a M, essrs. Longmnan& Co.' ansiunce.as? Jist a ready"' The Englishman in Inidia," by 'Chas. a Raikes, Esq., O.S.I., fdrmerly Commissioner a of Lahoro,, in 1 vol. (7s,6d); also,; that on D January 1, 1868, will be published. the first It psrt of a new illustrated'scrial`work 'by the d Rev. J. G.' Wood, to be entitled ,i Bible n Animals," being an; account of the :various 0: Birds, Beasts, Fishes, and other animals men- g tioned in the Holy Scrijitures. This worPk h will give the popular natural' history of every' c creature named in the 'Bible, from the ape to y the sponge ; will be completed hi, 20 monthly, a parts, at is each, forming a companion vol. n to "Homes' without Hands.:''' The illustra- v tions will be taken in every practicable case t from living specimens. ,. . r Messrs. Smith, Elder & Co. have just pub- a lished " Turkey and ' the Crimean: War; at narrative of Historical Events: by Rear Admiral Sir Adolphus Slade,. K.C.B. (Mush aver Pasha). Sir :Adolphus is chief' adviser, J to the Turkish fleet, or consulting admiral; t and now reviews theopart taken by the Turks I in the Bosphorous and the Black Sea in the a late war. i Ie points out the mistaken policy t of the English and French admirals, and de- I fends the policy which at the 'time he urged d thenr 'to pursue. 'The book is well written, c and full of interesting information on the in- c cidents of the.war.l; .Messrs. Chapman .& Hall have issued "English ;Writers, vol.' 2; liart 1, ifrom a Chaucer 'to':,Dunbar; by Henry Morley." We have hereo an excellent history of Chaucer, I Gomer, &c.;, of, their works and their times, with extracts,carefully selected and criticised. i Meossrs. Strahhan and Co. publish " Christ C and Christendomi," the Boyle Lectures for the I year ,1866, delivered.at the Chapel Royal, I VWhitehall, by E. H. Plumptre, M.A. These eight lectures gather up the best and latest I criticisms and opinions on 'the life of Christ in opposition to Strauss, R6nau, &c.; They I are broad,; forcible, and fresh, the production I bf a ripe scholar and careful writer.. Messrs. Edmonston and Douglas issue "A t Quiot'Nook in the Jura," by the author of " Doctor Antonio," which presents the charac- t teristics of the author's former popular works. I It gives us bright and pleasant pictures of I Swiss adenery' and 'Swiss life, intermingled I with passages,'lively or pathetic, referring to i character and incident. : . 1 Mr. Nimnio publishes " A Book,,. of Humorous Poetry," with illustratiomis by C. I A. Doyle: Somre'of' the poems are from American authors. "The selection 'is'well made, and the illustrations, are very effective. Messrs. Low ind Co. publish ' The Pyre noes, frmni an English and French Poiht of View," by Henry Blackburn, with upwards of 100 illustrations by Gustavo Dor6. It is a description of summer life at French water ing places. Messrs. Trubner and Co. adver tise a Grammar (21s) and a Dictionary (42s) of the Pukkhto or Pukshto Lan guage, by H.; -W. Bellew ;. ; the Devirshe or Oriental Spiritualism, by. J. P. ' Brown;. the History of India, by J. 1 Talboys Wheeler-vol. 1 (18s) containing the Vedic Period and the 'Maha Bharata? and vol. 2 (in Oct.) containing ,the; RaImt yana. .The English Catalogue of Books for 1866 1 appears this year somewhat later thlanusual, blt thio delay is accounted for by the time occupied in the compilation of a very useful index of subjects, which. now appears .for the first time. In , connection with the Paris Exhibition, Mr. Collins has written a report on Ephemeral -Literature published in the United Kingdom. .Of newspapers alone Mr. Collins remarks that between 1100 and 1200 different specimenta are exhibited, all in active circulation at the same time. From a rough calculation it appears that the number of Lon don daily newspapers is 21 ;: London weekly newspapers, 28; London illustrated newspa pers, 6 ; London newspapers for special classes, such as the Beehive, Guardian, Court Journal, &c.;, 36; London local newspapers, 36; pro vincial journals, 650; Welsh newspapers, 43; Manx newspapers,, 4; Scotch newspapers, 140; Irish newspapers, 125; commercial newspapers :and periodicals, 67; magazines and: monthly: periodicals, about 280; law journals, 33;, medical,. 30;,' political and general reviews, 34; agricultural papers and magazines, 24,; 'scientific 'and philosophical journals, 70;: art journals, 15;.. mechanical, 12; educational, 23.,.. Of periodical publica tions . for children, of which scarcely one existed 30 years ago, there are 'nidw n'o fewer than 52. Of light and miscellaneous publica tions there, are .137.- The collection is destined for the South Kensington Museum when the Exhibition is closed. Messrs..lRoutledgo and Co. are pub lishing a valuable serial '"work " The : Illustrated Natural History of Man," by' the Rev. :J.: G. Wood, .who so ably edited the illustrated.Natural History of Animals. . Each" monthly, part contains 48 i.p., profusely illustrated, 'the engravings being by the Brothers Dalziel. The work will be completed in 32 shilling parts, and is full of interesting and pleasant reading. The scientific information is not dryly and ob trusively presented, but is so blended with fact and narrative as to :be readily appre hended and retainedl in, the memory. La Fontaine's Fables, illustrated by Gustave Dord, and tranislated into verse by M. Thorn bury, are presented in a very elegant form to English readers by lMessrs. Caasell :& Co. Part 1 on toned paper, largo quarto, with three full-page engravings and many sminall ones, has just appeared. Messrs. Cassell anhd Co. also publish a shilling edition of th'e popular little manual "Our farm of Four Acres, how we managed it, and'what money we made byit." They have also just issued :'lhe Practical Poultry Keeper, a complete and standard guide for the management of poultry, whether for domestic, use, the market, or exhibition, written by L. Wright., It is a 'nicely got up, portable volume, with a num bar of good illustrations and, plans: (Ss.) Messrs. Longman & Co. announce that they are about to publish, in 2 vols., the Memoir and Correspondence of Sir Philip Francis, commenced by the late Joseph Parkes, Esq., and now under the editorship of Mr. Herman Merivale.. Mr. Parkes collected a very large mass of original papers and correspon dence coinnected with Francis. :The arrange ment. of these materials and the completion bf a life founded on tliem, became an en grossing occupation with Mr. Parkes. He left behind him eight chapters of his work completed, conducting his hero only to the year 1768, in which the first lettereof Junius appeared. At that point his labors were ter minated by death. But the scale of his work was too large; so that' Mr. Merivale has con tented himself with completing, the life on 'a reduced plan, leaving Sir Philip Francis to speak;for, himself and the Junian portion of the slibject to unfold itself in extracts for the M.S.S. 'The first stone of the Royal Albert Hall of Arts and Sciences was laid by her Majesty the Queen on the 20th May, the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh having arrived express from Paris to take part in the ceremony. It is not easy to say what the Hall is intended for, the intention being in definitely said to be "to provide a common centre of union for the various departments of science and art connected with industrial education"-at Kensington. One of the most sensible reports of the proceedings appears in a new comic paper, the Tomalatowk, which makes the Prince of Wales to say-" I don't know what this place is to be; I believe a sort of West-End Music Hall. I've been obliged to take a private box. I wish some one would take it off my hands. I shall ask Lucca to come and sing here, and Arthur Lloyd too-that will be rather jolly. I hope my box is on the pit tier. I suppose I must say something about this stupid place. It haim been got up by puffing and gentle pressure. Lots of fellows, have taken boxes because they were afinid of offending my mother. They wish they had not done it. I suppose Cole will give lectures here and charge a guinea for tickets.' I hope I shan't have to come and hear hiin.s There will be a nice staff of cura tors, superintendents, boxkeepers, check takers, &c.;, all well paid. If we say it's all in memory 'of my father, Parliament will be obliged to vote the money. I shall try and get some of my friends places. I always have to say in my speeches that I want to walk in my father's footsteps; but I don't. I think you may praise a nian too much, even when he's dead. It makes people tired of hin." There is truth as well as satire in this.' Messrs. Moxon & Co. will publish next Xmas. season, uniform with Elaine, imperial 4to., Vivien and Guinevere, by Tennyson, illustrated by 18 superb engravings on steel, from drawings by Gustave Dord-each Idyll separately 25s, together 42s. Mlessrs. Long man & Co. will issue at the same time the second series of Lyra Germanica, illustrated by Arnitage, Madox Brown, and John Leighton. They are about to publish a new volume by Jean Ingelow, "A story of Doom and other poems." Messrs. Moxon & Co. have just issued Tupper's Third Series of Proverbial Philosophy (7s.)-his opinions about creeds, and stars, and ghosts; his argu ments for the future of animals; his stric tures on some modern critics;. his national psalms and hymns, &c.; 