Tna ToMAIxrAwI AND TIHE PRINCE OF WAL?s.-The following paragraph is taken from ' the : Home News :--I'll '. Follow Thee I is the designation of a cartoon in a late number of the Tomahawk. "It repro. sents the Prince of Wales as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George IV.; to whom the Prince is saying "I'll follow Thoel" The inference is obvious, and the publication of such a picture is surely a sign of the times ;- for the Tomahawk (says the Flaneur in the Star) is by no means a low radical paper." It is another sign of the 'timea,' which will probably: have been noticed by those whose inclination or whose duty prompt their attendance at public din. ners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of enthusiasm, is now received with comparative coldness, the mention of the name of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sym pathy and poreonal attachment. ?Qui virra 'terra. The' curiosity, of the day ,Is the groat American circus which commenced opera. tions on Sunday last in' the Theatre du Prince Imperial. Theio are five managers -MM.. Spoldrig, Bidwell, Smith, Quick, and Nathans, who possess a united fortune of twenty.five millions of francs. There are also five under- managers and secretaries, thirty riders, male and female, six clowns, three children prodigies, a band of thirty musicians, with two leaders, twenty-five grooms, stable-boys, &o.; So much for the bipeds. The quadrupeds consist of forty horses,' two ponies, one buffalo, and a troupe of performing dogs. The daily expenses amount to000f. (£200). Some of the riders receive as much as 10,000f. a month. The ring.master is a citizen possessing a private income of 50,000f. (£2000) a year. These details are all that is worthy of note, 'as the performances are much the same as those given in every other circus, with variations, of course, now and then. Ti IIHORORns o?F HIAInDYEtNO.-- Mr. Erasmus Wilson, in his niew Journal of Cutaneous Medicine and Diseases of the Skin, is eloquent on the Dangers of Dyeing the: Hair., "Art,'' he tells us, "Is pro. gressive; a few years back, when the mania for altering the shade of colour 'of the hair first broke out, ladies were content with washing their heads with an alkaline solu. tion, soda or potash, until ;a' considerable portion of the colouring matter was removed, and with it, of course, much of the freshness rand silky beauty of the hair.' This bleached hair, which approached artificial or dead hair in its qualities, was then. polished with a little oil, and the process was .complete. But chemistry has now enabled the artisans of' hair to move a stage onwards-to add a dye in place of the abstracted natural colour, and "to, convert the .head, into a kind of coloured mop. It comes to pass thus i-The head is washed with an' alkaline solution, and' dried near the' fire ; thlis: part of the process occupies an hour, The manipulator then brushes through the hair, the dye an acid solution ,of varying' strength-and the exhausted and dry' hair is made to absorb this fluid.by the ald'of hot tongs'and hot plates of, metal. I This latter part of. the process demands care and skill, and time the lady operated upon, reports that tihe whole proceeding occupied about seven hours and a half. But. at last came the result-not the end, but the beginning of the end. When the lady rose from the operating chair she was charmed by the vision of a pale gold dcerdure, her natural colour being a dark brown; and she went to her home in perfect delight. But in a very few hours the vision began to change, first to a bright orange yellow, and then to a deep yolk-of-egg yellow that was perfectly hideous. To correct this evil another operation had to be gone througlh, another seven hours and a half of tedious and painful .manipulation; and this time, like the last, with a similar result-first the golden sheen of the rising sun, but as evening advanced a deep saffron and.red tint like the setting sun portending a coming storm, or rather like elfin locks of the demons of a pantomime. The lady's disappointment may be more easily imagined than described; she was advised that noth ing more could be done, and that if she dis approved of her present appearance her head must be shaved; and she submitted to the necessity and the consequent annoyance of wearing a wig. The proceeding we are now discussing as called the 'Instantaneous' process, and we have styled it a process, having in our mind a surgical undertaking; the suffering was so severe, says our in formant, that she was obliged to scream with pain; the burning was so intense that she walked about the room in a frantic state, and sal volatile was administered to keep up her strength. More than a week after this grave operation she came to us to be relieved of inflammation of the scalp, and the effects of a superficial gangrenous burn. She complained of a feeling of lethargy, and feared that some poisonous matter might have been absorbed through the scalp into the system; and it was clear that her nervous system had received a serious shock, and that she had escaped by a very narrow margin from an attack of deranged function of the liver, verging on jaundice. On the sixteenth day after the operation the gangrenous burn remained unhealod."-,British Medical Journal. THE LEaoIO or lon oua.-The past week has been a most eventful one for M. Nelaton, and must certainly be reckoned among the most fortunate in the whole career of this celebratod surgeon. On the Monday, June to, he was named a member of the Institute, and on the day following he received from the hands of the Prince Imperial the insignia of Grand Officer of the Legion df Honour. On this occasion.hoe merely called upon the Prince at St. Cloud to pay him his usual visit, when his young patient said to him, "wait a little, doctor; I have something to give you.". lHe then presented the cross and riband to the surgeon, saying, " it is not quite new, as my father has worn it for some time." M. Nelaton immediately drove to the Tuileries to thank the Emperor. His Majesty confirmed the welcome fact, and added, T "I shall never forgot, doctor, the care which my son has received from you." It would seem Impossible to confer a signal favour with greater delicacy and grace. Mr. iayor, formerly dean of the faculty, is the only: other member of the medical com munity in France who has been Invested with this high honour. It was conferred upon him on his retiring from office.-The Lancet. A little girl, whose name was Martha, had been on a visit.. Returning, she was beset by, a very inquisitive female, Mrs. Grimbley, who began with a very disagreeo able way to question the' little -miss: " Where ye beeon Martha l" "Beeoon to Liverpool, Mrs. Grimbley." . "Who did you see there, h ?P " " Oh I' said Martha grandly, "I saw an angel." "Did ye, though? And what did lio say " "Oh, he said, ' how do you do, Martha ? "'.' And who else did ye see ?" "Oh, I-saw the devil." " And what did he sa y?" "IHe said, 'how's Mrs. Orimbley ? Y . Hero the questioning ended. '. NEwarsrraa BoAerzxa,-Prentice, of the Louisville Journal, thus takes off some of his contemporaries, who are constantly boasting of their immense business. The daily circu. lation of our paper-to actual bona-fide paying subscribers-is just five millions six hundred and twelve thousand and forty-two sheets.: We have employed upon the paper five hundred compositors and one hundred and eleven editors, nine hundred carriers, three hundred and twelve mailing clerks, and other aiders too numerous to mention. We have taken especial charge of the falls of Ohio, and use them exclusively for '! wetting down"our paper. We have eleven paper mills in constant operation, the smallest ,of which turns 'out two hundred thousand bundles of paper daily. It requires seven. teen nineteen-story Hoe's presses to work off our vast edition, and we are compelled to engage all the coal that is mined in the Lehigh valley, as well as contract for all that comes down the ,Ohio river to supply our engines with fuel. , Our correspondents are all graduates of the first' universities and colleges in the world, and are stationed in every city, town, and hamlet on the habitable The following receipts for mend are from the Modern Domestic Cookery Book:--To each gallon of water put 4 lb. of honey; boil it one hour;,when the scum has done rising pour the liquor into a tub, and when cool put a toast with yeast spread over it into a tub; allow it to stand until the next day; hen pour it into the cask and put the bung ightly over it; let it stand one year in the barrel, Or:-To every gallon of water put 4lb.: of honey, and boil it three-quarters of an hour, taking care.to skim it, To every allon add 2 oz. of hops; then bolt it half an four, and let it stand till next day; put it Ito the cask, and to thirteen gallons of the liquor add a quart of brandy. Let It be lightly stopped till the fermentation is over, and then stop it very close. If you make a large cask, keep it a year In cask. nf~arAnrIoxe or WnrrawAsn.-White. wash is one of the most valuable articles in the world when properly applied. It pro. vents not only thei decay otf wood, but con* duces greatly to the healthiness of all build. ings, . whether of wood or stone, . Out. buildings and fences, when not painted, should be supplied, once or twice every year with a good coat of whitewash, which should be prepared in the following way: --Take a clean, wate.tlghtt barrel, or other suitable cask, and put into it half a bushel of lime. Blake it bypouring water over it, boiling hot, and in suimolent quantity to cover it 3 in; dop, and stir' it briskly till thoroughly slake~, -.. hen the slacking has been effeoted ishsolvo it in'water, and add 2 lb. of sulphate of zine, and one of common salt. Those will cause the wash to harden, and prevent its cracking, which gives an un seemly appearance to the work. If desir able, a beautiful cream colour may be con-* municated to the above wash by adding 31b. of yellow ochre; or a good pearl or lead colour by the addition of lamp, vine, or ivory black. For fawn colour add 4 lb. um* ber, Turkish or American, the latter is the cheapest, 1 lb. Indian red, and 1 lb. common lampblack. For common stone colour add 4 lb. raw umber and 2 lb. lampblack. This wash may be applied with a common white wash brush, and will be found much superior, both in appearance and durability, to common whitewash.-Albany Country Gentleman. UNsEcTrAnIzA EDUCATION.-Thoe Scotch are a truly wonderful people, both for their merits and for their demerits and follies. They denounce the reading of prayers from a book in their churches, they utterly repu diato the use of organs, they convert the doorsteps trodden upon by a great criminal Into much valued relics; but for all that they teach several thousand Roman Catholio children in their Presbyterian poor schools, and never attempt to convert them. There are about twelve'thousand little Roman Catholics at some school or other in Scotland, the majority of them being at Presbyterian schools; and :wonderful to relate, the Catholla inspector himself has declared that he has never known of any attempt at proselytism in any of the schools in quos. tion. This fact is as satisfactory as it is surprising, and it may be commended to the serious attention of the English bishops, archdeacons, and parochial clergy who attack the conscionco- clause as inflicting so grievous a wound upon their own hyper-sonsitive consciences. If it is found practicable to instruct in the mysteries of multiplication a roomful of small boys or girls, one-half of whom are taught on Sundays to abhor the other half either as idolators or heretics, there can be little difficulty In associating Anglicans, Roman Catholics, and Dissenters for the same purpose under the wing of the more tolerant and comprehensive English establishment. The truth of the matter, however, we take to be this:-Tlio Scotch care more for education than we do in Eng. land, and, like, a practical people, having once set their mind upon a thing they soon dispose of all imaginary difficulties that stand in the way of their getting. what they wish.-Pall Mall Gazette. It is said that the Emperor of the French has decided on suppressing all military bands, the regiments to be marshalled merely by trumpeters; oven the far.famed band of Les Guides is only to be spared for a while.-Athenmum. Most everybody has heard the anecdote of Sheridan's telling his son to take a wife, when the son replied, "yes, father, but whoso wife shall I take?" A similar story is the following :-A young gentleman says to the colonel a few days since, "Colonel, I wish to start a newspaper." "Very well," replied the Colonel, "which newspaper do you wish to start ?" A Goon SunLLrnOSwonTv.-If a man is only as "right as ninpenceo" he can hardly describo himself as '' pretty bobbish." WVith threepenco more up he goes to the required standard. 