The Bishop oT Kelbourne on "Ecce * Homo." On Thursday Bishop of Melbournedeli v^r§d $ iectuife.ltt Trinity ^Church, East Mel bourne, on the late published work Ecee jHoino. Thetehurdh was weilfiiled, and the chair was -occupied by his Honour the Chief Justice, who briefly introduced the lecturer. pThe BISHOP, in-commencing his observa tions, stated that his object was, not to deduce from the work: the character and religious opinions of jfche writer, bat to examine the work itself, and determine whether the re presentation it gaveoftho peragn,-the object, arid the doctrine of Christ, of the nature of Christ, and of the character and duty of Christy disciples, was in agreement with the Scriptures; and whether its influence upon tbe reader was likely to be for good or for "eviL The bishop then gave a clear and impartial analysis of the wferk, and pro ceeded to observe that it was Written for the purpose of explaining a certain theory con cerning Christ, his .object in founding the Christian Church, and the means used by hip* for accomplishing that object. Tms purpose was consistently carried out, and in its execution great powers of reasoning, as well as of description and illustration, were displayed. The tone of the volume was calm and earnest, and the duties of philan thropy, edification*-as the writer understood it-and mutual forgiveness were strongly en forced. The general credibility of the four gospels wasdistinctly recognised, and a belief in Christ's miraculous power, Mid in his pre sent superintendence over the church was implied. The character and morality of CliriBt were represented as perfect, and as a Sittern. for the imitation of his disciples, lit, on the whole, did the. book deserve their approval, or was, it' fit to pro mote the progress of true religion ? He thought , it was not He- was obliged to say that.'it was full of -misrepresen tation and erroneous doctrine, and. to express his strong, conviodon that to those who read it-with complacency it - was likely.to do very' serious injury. He would briefly state his Teasous for entertaining these . views. The design of the author to explain Christ's object in founding the Christian church, and how the churcb was adapted to attain1 that object, without reference to Christ as the creator of modern theology apd rdigion, appeared to 'blip (the lecturer) impossible of execution. ..The book .taelfshoweait to be sbt because it abounded in clusions to and opinions tigbn jipints of religious doctrine. True Christian tat r%}jjy4ngst;be.i»8ed.upt»n soundChrUti&n; do Anna The discussion of theological ques- - do is tnfeht bb Avoided.; but the truths which ' foi uw^ wbject-jnatter of. audi tiuestions ? mi st be assumed, and continually kept in'< ind< ; fotbeivdhwnte. frhilfi1 loyalty and at-. ' htypq&tQ; Christ's person were put forward x _ the great motive to. Christian morality,; th< rewasoothingfoj- thta loyalty and Jfttton-1 pae it to test upon so long as the great truth.* of Ctyft&'l imre&noilitig; meiLto God by. Msjdeatn was kept out of sight The exampfe' of higperfppt chMactfcr itoiild whMHifa-. sufficient to produce such love as the auUiot, i thsi volUOw iM^tmnid&thne;, ^anqmsobjection to it was, that thfe .doctrine \ wji|ch ^t >0ontaiiied -and -with whioh if tauH p6itaded was.contraiy .to4he£scripfcure. Ftor exaiapl#, JJue, representation, t^iat it was the.' Baptist who first taught Christ) this work, u^a tbatCJ^$in*tur«itlitf plaflfor found-. ing! tfee jilHW^ and determinedi upon the m'ofle of executing that plan, in the Wilder*, rttefc wfw wholly (inconsistent .with' ERb'Words to His motherjw3»®a WeivS Jpeai^ldr" WUt ye pQt .be abbut.iny father's business? 'Again,wsjnttetprptatiotiof .*aW«ii bus'words and phrases upon tile right under standing of which the fundamental doctrines «a jof Scripture dependedw^&a; perversions of the bl«un language pt Sppptitfpvj Coflld itey £nd >nytohenia iriore-btysphemqus perveraion of,, (Christ^ doctrihe coiiceriibg the' Holy Spirit i (than the fond conceit^for he edfcld call it/f jiotbing'else-thatit "was1 " the enthusiasm of " humanity V . The -author presented false - riewa of Christian- morality. He aftid that their moral'duties had referenoe to their'' felloW-men, whereas they, had reference primarily to themselves, and ohly secondarily to others. . While the author noticed the . apparent contradiction that was involved in Chrutiaas suffering and yet enjoying, lie did not Beem tobe ^acquainted -with the real ex planation of . this, which was contained'in'the ' apostlete words, "in much affliction and'joy ?' of the Holy Ghost." He did not appear to be aware that thfere Was & happiness which was altogether independent, of outward cir 'cumstanceB, and which "passeth under standing." It had been eaia that ih these days, when so much workbooks had been written, and were exercising such a per- ? , nicious influence, this one might be useful as counteracting the evils 1 done by them. Perhaps, as Deism was better than Atheism* §ocinianism better than Deism, and Ariaa ijsm better than Socinianism, that might be in a certain sense true. But if it did sotkte . little good ih preserving men from falling into the lowest depths of infidelity, it was likely to do much more harm in causing men In be BatiBfied with a spurious Christianity. One great danger of the present -day, when religion occupied iaen's minds so much, arose from the disposition tooffer man as -a substi tute for the religion of Jesus Christ somethihg else which was of human invention. This book, he believed, did so; and in doing so pro moted the object of their great'spiritual enemy, which was to pervert the Gospel, and ; destroy the Bonis which Christ came to save.' { On the motion of Jadge PQHLUAS, seconded by Mr. jH. HENirr, M.JL.,A., a vote: ofthanktf Was given to the bishop for his lecture. . . ' A similar compliment having been paid to the Chief Justice for presiding, .the audience dispersed. 