CirAPTER XLIX. Amy's maid was the first to miss her, but as her young mistress had sometimes taken long morning walks during Mr. Derrick's absence at Darlington Castle, and as she missed nothing of any consequence, she con cluded that ]SI^s Staunton would appear in good time for Lord Darlington's late break fast. But when Ins lordsliip came down stairs at Ins usual Lour and asked for her, larkes could only say she supposed that Miss Staunton had taken a longer walk than usual, for she had not yet returned. "It is quite possible that she has walked to MBhnount and is taking breakfast there, as Mr. and Mrs. Derrick are from home, and she has rather over- estimated my powers of lying in bed in the morning. I shall not T"u JT . , Sainton, however, but I shall take breakfast and then go out to meet Parkcs lingered in the breakfast room a fewmmutes, and saw that the earl was a little discomposed, and taking breakfast in a less leisurely way than usual "When did you go into Miss Staunton's room this morning, l'arkcs?"' my usual hour, a little before nine, but aEss Staunton often rises before I come in ; sue is \ery liidepeutlcut iu lier ways.' "But she sail nothing to you last night about taking a moniiii« walk." Ao, not a woixl, but the morning was fine and 1 suppose it tempted her out." 1 have no doubt that she is at Millmount, but I wish she had said so last night. 1 hope at all events that she will re turn before Mr. and Mrs. Derrick come, and I expect them early. 1 think I shall go at once and fetch her uomo;" and Lord Darlimdon threw down the Thars that he had triJTi to tlx his attention on, and had just put on his boots, when a loud ring was heard at the hnil i 00 i" r ? c',aies v'"ith a 1 it-tie noise at least to make up for my quiet breakfast," r?1? wita an expression of relief But it was not Amy, but Allan Lindsay, who rung the bell. J A superb footman opened the door. Alum had had no experience of tint description of animal, but, s^ood his ground before him vcy iairly. *J ' Is Afis? Staunton at home r"' said he. I tnnik not," said the footman, care iessly. ' " Whan y. ill she La at home";"' "I'm sure 1'don't know." "My business irith Miss Staunton is urgent, said Allan. "1 should be obimed to you if you would enquire as to when she is to be expected at home." "Mull you scud up your card? no I thou Miss Staunton may be able to tell whether home ^ y°!i W "0t ^vheU sh- «■■«»"» Allan never liad a card in his life, raid had never needed one, but he wrote his name _ _ HlULU Hi and atlth'ess on au envelope that he out Of his pocket-book. Dawson wed tne proceeding supercilious:v. It is u-il to be supposed that Amy's jiast hist and tuture prospects were ignored ii, the servants' hall; Dawson believed her likely to be a countess m a month or two bu+ still there were many scrubs in London an 1 ,-Le wherc who might claim acquaintance with the young lady who were quite bent-:uh his notice. „ - 'Tb3t r11'1"' I suppose," said Dawson, ior want <u a better. You may go ii(,w and call again when Miss .Staunton" is at home. " 1 shall wait,"' slid Allan, " till v.-.u en quire as to the time of Miss Stauntm.V pro j liable return. If she is at home, as is possible she will scarcely refuse to receive nr " * "Then you may wait outside,'"' said Dawson, shutting the door in Allan"* face but the appearance of Lord Darlington who j had wondered at Amy's delay, oaus-.l hhu to j open it for him. The earl's eyes, alilm-Hi j not so young as they had been, were quick enough to observe the envelope iu D.twe-oi's J hand, and to read the n.-nae of •• Aj]"n ■ Lindsay, Brauxliolm,'' written on it j He had also taken good note of a .."kencss ; ot the young Australian in Mrs < :<>,-• o ; Copehuid's posessiou, and he recognised at oiice whom ho fau-jicd to bo twelve . . ' lO DO ISVCIVO thousand miles oil. Amy had never done jusace to the personal appearance her lover ; the earl could not liJpaeknowb-.Lhm that he was as handsome a vomm map P° lie had seen for many a Jav.' Handsome in lua own style, which was not that i? fashionable society, but so far as good features, intelligent expression, and i powerful and well-formed bodllv frame went, he was to the carl a noticeable man. «* uDuceaii it was the footman to observe ,-pt of his clothes, and the si.e r.f hi, ~nd the _ want of betokened by'ids : having no card and not savin - t5>at hi-had forgotten it to excuse the deficiency 1 ok? Darlington felt that this vLriter"^'™ alarming person than Dawson could h. Mr. Lindsay, I presume," said the earl with a bow. "Yon have eome to see Mi 4 Staunton, 1 suppose, but J am sorry to sav she is out this morning, and has not yet returned. I am on my way to Millmoimt to sec if she is there." VI V-ave j"st como from Millmouni A it •',t;lUUtoa is not there." I said Allan. " Indeed?" said the earl, " then racc. have taken a longer round than ^ other direction. I wonder at An;;, going? so far without me, for I am her usu ■; <: cort, hut I prefer my walk3 when the dry is wdffi aired. Amy learned a habit of ea:> :is:ng in Australia, which I admire, l;u: ■ xnMQt emulate." "You are Lord Darlington, I sr.; pose?'" said Allan, bowing in his turn will. -• little l-eal good will as had been bestoweo .1 feina by his rival, and with less courtly grace. " Yes; it apjiears we need no in;--. luctioiv to each other. Amy did not sen.! von my photograph, did she? I gave her a. packet some months ago to do what she lit < with, and I suppose some of them found tb-.-:r way to Australia. Amy has told me :d! about you, and of your great kindness to 1; .-r when she needed kindness so much, and ' think you had some right to see what I aa. hke." "Indeed!" said Allan, "if such a thine was sent, it was after I left Australia. 1 only supposed you to l»e Lord Darlington*, because my sister told me you were a': Jitan more Hall." "Yes; left in cliarge of the ball and of Mr. Derrick's sister during his ab.-wnoe in town to see to some preliminary : runge I ments in which I am somewhat int. rested. You know of course that Mr. Dcridt is married ?" "So my sister tells me," said Alb.!;, "and to Miss Staunton's cousin." " Amy's visit to her aunt produced results not at all anticipated by herself. ,e was rather reluctant to go, for wc had ■ . en all enjoying London so much together : but I suppose all things are for the bsst. It was a great pleasure to my Olivia U> make Amy's acquaintance. The only pew m who suffered much in the visit was poet young Hammond; you know him, don't y« "Yes, I knew him very well a- a lad,'' said Allan. "Well, the Hammonds had no vb.im on my consideration, for Amy tells met' ;d they behaved very unkindly to her hi Australia. Your excellent parents have, on the contrary, a right to my gratitude; for any t jrviec done to Amy is, in fact, a service ;1 -ne to me," and the earl smiled condesc-. ;; iingly on the tall strong hushman, who v.-; : have liked to knock him down, and was quite able to do it. "Let us walk together to Mi.hnunt," resumed Lord Darlington. " I v.-i i, to see your sister's dairy, which Amy tc!b- me is something superb in its way. Amy ;■= .simple country tastes are very charming." " My lord," said Allan, "you must excuse me. If you mean to go to Millar -v.it you may go alone, but I mean to stay Ir-ro until Miss Staunton comes hack, for I wit 11 to ask her if this letter," and he took out the last he had received from her, "was written from her heart. You must know, if you know anything at all about me, th -i Amy Staunton is dearer to me than my --'n life. If she really loves another man better, I will give her up and pray for her happiucjs, but I must have an answer from her own lips, and if you try to prevent me fro :, having that you will repent it. I have come half round the world for the sake of askin a plain question, and receiving an honest answer. I have a right—the right of past sen h:es awl of present friendship—for that cv-a this letter does not deny, to see Av,y once more. I am a strong man and a d mperate one. If you do not let me into the house, which by-the-by, is not yours, I shall stand here outside tili Amy Staunton returns ; let it be an hour hence or a week hence, but see her I shall and must." "Ido not think you know much about English laws and customs, Mr. Lindsay," said the earl, "if you think you can prowl about an English gentleman's house and demand admittance." " I believe I know this much, that I am neither thief nor vagrant, and have no dishonest purpose. I think I could satisfy any Justice of the Peace of my harmless in tentions. But I laid Gerald Staunton in the grave, and I promised then to he a true friend to his daughter. And, notwithstand ing all your wealth and grandeur, your young kinswoman might have perished of want in a strange land if our doors had been closed against her. As you say, I may know little of English laws and ■ i-d-oms, but I know what 1 came all this long way for, and w hot I am determined not to go away without. And if you or Mr. Derrick have any gratitude for past services, as you say you have " "Certainly we have, but neither Mr. Derrick nor myself like to be bullied on the strength of thern. You speak as if I were refusing your reasonable request. I have never denied you admittance to this house, which you politely remind mc is not mine, I only say that hanging about the house is not to be allowed. Come iu with 111c." Lord Darlington expected that Allan would be struck with awe ami admiration at the magnificence of the house and its appointments, as Amy had told him she had been when she first went to iitaiiinore, 3ud he endeavoured to show him as much of it as he could without being suspected of a desire to make a display. He first took him to the breakfast-room, where the display of silver and of Sevres china for two might strike his eye, on the ground of visiting the Thio's ; then into the library, that Allan might see the array of book-", which wealth felt itself hound to provide as n sort of furniture, if for no other purpose; then into the billiard-room, that he might ob serve how sumptuously its amusements were provided for; and, crossing the great hall, he landed Allan in the best drawing room, with the organ at »:ie end, ami the horizontal grand piano at the other, strewed with couches, lounge.:, easy- chairs, and tables covered with knick-knacks, ami hung round with costly mirrors and mag nificently framed paintings and engravings. It was so large that the whole of the old house at Braaxholm coui.1 have been put into it, and yet it was only one of the many apartments of this great mansion, j Perhaps Amy's letters had prepare ! Aden's / mind for this magnificence, at all events he would not Hatter the earl by any ex pression of awe. He sat d >v:i en luxu rious chair, pointed out by Lord Darlington, as if he had been accustom; I to such thing! from his childhood. "Tliis is a very good mode;-;! mausiejj," said Lord Darlington, "raid tolerably well situated. Amy however, .areatly prefers Darlington Castle, for it is an ancient baronial hall with modem improvements, and the woods there are the growth of cen turies." "Has Amy then thsrc?" asked Allan. " Oh! yes; she visited me with her brother last autumn, and, indeed eny-yed her stay so much that 1 expect she wi'J ;,refcr it :w ;; country residence to Bon:tor. Dark, which is more in this style. Of course her wishes will influence ray movement;, for when an. old fellow like myself wins the heart i f a lovely little girl like Amy the least he can do is to give Iter all her own way ' "Then you arc positive-')- engaged to Mis3 Staunton," said Allan. " Positively engaged, the day all ' vt fixed s .-me six weeks hence. Yon can see the corroboration of the fact 111 my being left to take care of Amy. I am very surrv to give you pain, my young friend, but as A my bus been perfectly frank with mc, as it was w ith my knowledge and indeed concurrence thai she wrote the letter that has disquieted yon so much, I can only say that 1 regret year fruitless errand. If Amy had not been open with me, 1 might have been alarmed at see ing so determined a young fellow bent on an interview with her; hut I have so long known the state of her heart—so long known that the kindly feelings which led to the condi tional sort of engagement she entered into with you were understood in their true light by her—that, except for the disappointment to yourself, I cannot regret your journey. It may cost poor Amy considerable pain to. think of your having travelled hall round the w orld 011 so wild an idea, but it cannot make the least change in my position with my dear little girl. Have you son the P'/nrdai/ Iikeicir, Mr. Lindsay, or should you prefer the Poll Mall O azcllt1 shall ring for them." Allan was about to say that he did not come to .Stain:lore to read newspaper::, but checked himself. The $0 lay ]{., ?r or the Pall d/fi'.' Pa-.cllc could not be so un pleasant as the carl's conversation, and under cover of a newspaper sheet he could speculate on the news lie had heard, and consider if it would be kind or wise t-> come forward to disturb Amy's mind with ids apparent')- for gotten love. The earl's case, his confidence, his frank ness, were not at all of a piece wii.li -h ,wic'3 idea of its being an unwilling cirragciucui on Amy's part; but in that case, if it was 3 voluntary tiling, the .single interview he asked, for could give Amy little pain. Ho would not make any parade of his suffering, but simpiy state his doubts as to what she had meant and abide quietly by her dcci.r w. That satisfaction he was surely not ungene rous in seeking. He sat silent for some time, and Lord Dar lington's uneasiness increased, lie walked .across the drawing-room seicr.-d times, ai>i -Jr. a looked at his tvateh. "1 expect Mr. and Mrs. Derrick here every minute, Mr. Lindsay, and, although you complained of my reception, I am quite certain that yon ■will be still more unwelcome to Mr. Derrick, ■who is strongly prejudiced against everything that is Australian. 1 think if you would take advice from one whom you naturally feel somewhat suspicious of, it would be well for you to return to Milluiount and write <\ few lines to Miss Staunton. If her answer does not satisfy you, you can sec lier at your sister's house. I feel for your disappointment, but you could scarcely have hoped for any other result." Allan rose slowly from his seat. " I think that 1 prefer to stay in the house until the master of it arrives. I am not aware of anything that I have done that should make me ashamed or afraid to meet Mr. Derrick; but if I am in your way here, 1 can sit alone in another room" "Oh; no, nit on my aceoiiut. Mr. Lindsay, it is ail the same to me. 1 only thought it might he unpleasuit to yourself." Dawson at this moment opened the door softly. "Mv lar.l, if you please, l'arkcs wants to speak to you about lier young lady." "She has returned then." said L ed Dar lington, hastening to the door, followed closely by Allan Lindsay. " No, my lord ; P.irkes thinks she has gone away." " 1 lime away !" said tic earl, hurrying to speak ti> the waiting-maid. "Is there any note or message left, P.irkes?" "Xo, my lord; but 1 see that tliuv is a small portmanteau missing, and a lea articles of dress. ' " She must, have gone to ('iift-m, t i Miss Derrick's; Mi :s Staunton told in • yesterday that shi wished for a talk with her sister, an.l 1 dare-iv 1 sliail have a note in the course of tile day." " She must have tak an an ear!y train, for she was gone before nine to my eertain know ledge. and no one aho-.it the Hall or on the jgnuvi Is saw Mis; Staunf n go," stid Parkes, dub ra-ly, and lowering her voice to a wki-por. "She cannot have el'Ip-ed with any mi ', my lord " " Tin ro is no one to c1 .p > with that 1 kno '. of," slid the car!. " ! know h-ov it is, Parkes. Miss Staunton w.i a little piqued at Mr. an! M r Derrick gong ti Loudon with ml her, ami I supp > he Ins gone otl" to sii - v whit a poor guard; m 1 a:n, and to astonish us all. But 1 am str astouish us all. Hut 1 am sir . we -hall find some note oxpl lining the matter. \\\ ell. -Mr. I.in is iy,"continued l/ird P.irimgtnu, turning to Allan, "it appears that you omuot see Mis- St vinton at Stur.n ire Park to-dav. Wlem 1 hear from her as t • her v. hcivuhonts, I shed let you I,:: or.- and you can s.c her." " Mv 1 ■:■•!," s.iid Allan, " 1 h-. ii vc she has fie 1 f-om this house rather than :o le ry you. an I for all your sum ith words yoe. believe it too. Thank Hod for tii it." " Xoihiuo of th" kin!." said L ml Dar lington. " 1 d'lreciv .-he is now ,-itting at Mi!i ,i •iiul. exporting to yo, and not fancy ig that you w ould find my Conversation so vwr i it-erestiog as to :wp you liere for an hour • more, But li re come Mr. and Mr i. Derrick, I da-■ civ sli" has coniv round by ti: • r t:lw ay station, ami that she is now in t:'. e o l: .ee.ee with th-.-.n. l'arkes is a fool to lauev her young lady gone heea «se she d ies a e ■ an • >' I portmanteau." Tii ; c in-ingc drove up, but the eager eyes of the ,d I man an I of the young man were not -g av:i 1 by the -ight of Amy Authnny un-l ij i -y i' alone in it. Mr. Derrick looked su=p -i uisly in: the stranger. " Vi'ow lue t i inrro.luee y-m to Mr. Allan Linlsiy, from Ilr.anxli ilm, is it not i in Aus tralia. Mrs. Derrick. Mr. Derrick. Mr. I.iuisve lias called this morning somewhat euro, lo nav his respects to Miss .Staunton." Mr. Derrick gave Allan one of li s ugliest look-i, and looked enquiringly at l.o-d Dar liu ,-c m. "Mr. Lindsay lias iiots.cn Miss S'auiito said the carl. " i tiiiirk after the better which 1 wrote to j yon, Mr. Liu Isay, yei might have known 1 better iho i to intrude into me house." 1 "it y ei did me the honour of writing to ! iue, M-. Derrick, I had not rcoeii- d'the letter when 1 left Australia," said Allan. "I : fi.vre imt been fnrtu'i it: enough to see Miss 1 Siainit m, for tile best of reasons. because 1 she is not in the house." ! "oh yes. of course, she is not at home," i Slid Anthony. 1 " Not at hum: in real earnest, she has left ! Stanmore," s i:.l Allan. " On a visit to her s-'stor, Miss Edith : Derrick,si-1 [gird Darliuqtoii, " it is rather I uniueky for poor Mr. Lindsay." "Oh! e'-tidily," said Anthony, "very! unlu-ky. 'J'jjn 1 must wish you good Morning, Mr. Lindsay. It" Miss Staunton is not at home, of course she cannot see vou. Luev, have you got Dawson to take out those packag es carefully. Vou had better : come in out of the eold air." 1 " If this were a mere shift or excuse to prevent me from seeing your sister." said Allan, "I should not leave the house till L tiiil it; but it is a real fact, and Lied Dar .'ingt >u is more distressed and al.anwl at Miss Staimt ill's flight than I am. Your fiister has ib-l from your limis", to which you invited lier from my father's, where you have treated her with uiikindncss and suspicion, and where you would have disposed of her to suit your own worldly ami ambitious ends. Thank Hod if she has escaped from such a fate, even, although she is as far away from me as ever." " Vou shall not stay here to insult me on my own property, and alarm my wife," said Anthony. "Dawson, Palmer, Cartwright, iloberts, turn this fellow otl" my grounds. Allan Lindsay coolly turned on his heel. " I should like to sec one of these fellows lay a finger on ine," he said ; and, indeed, thcy look-d as if lie would like it better than they wouhl. " I am perfectly satisfied that Miss Staunton is not here and so I have no further interest in the place, and 1 wish vou all a very go «l morning." Allan Lindsay walked deliberately down the avenue, and went home to Millmountto tell the surprising news to Jessie and George, and to consult as to the best mode to adopt to find Amy. " Jf she had been lost in the bush, I could have tracked her. Vou recollect. Jessie, when Isabel and Phemie strayed in the scrub, and were lost for twenty- four hours, and Luath and 1 found them. Amy has not been gone long; the girl said she missed her at nine o'clock, but she might have been gone two or three hours before that, and it is not 1 o'clock in the day yet. People can go a long way in a short time in this country, however." "She might have got off by the early traiu before they were np. Site's well kiio* n at the station, and we coubl hear there v. here she went to. But I would not wonder she took the night express that stops at P fifteen miles off, that is to say, if she was really flying for fear of that old earl." said •Jessie. "George go at once to the -station and enquire." " But what friends has she got to go to?" asked Allan. "I wish mother had said nothing about the lease," said George. " for then she would have come here, as was natural and fitting, and we could have been a protection to ber even against the squire, and you could have seen her at once." " Well, but the nam's of other ;r;cuds ?" said Allan. "There's her sister, that seems iiist natural, but they are not great friend-; and Miss Edith was so angry at her brother, both because he made Amy such beaut iiul presents and at last because lie married Ami s cousin, that she went away, and has not "spoken to Amy or the squire since." said Jessie. " But it is not unlikely that she is th-me." " 1 might believe that if the old man hail not said she was there," said Allan. "Then there's Lady Gnwerh.rgr..-at-aunt," said Jessie. "It was at her house she met t'u:s earl, and it was her that made Amy's mother marry her first husband. I scarce think she would go there," said Allan. " Then there's the IN.macs; but tin y arc Mrs. Derrick s father an I mother, ami would be sure to side with tin- squire. Vou recol lect that aunt's letter. Allan." said Jessie. " Ve3, I recollect it wry «v!i; a>l 1 don't Pke Mrs. Derrick's looks, either. 1 sea reel v thii-.k that Amy would go there." "There's Miss Prnnithornc, that I know Amy looks on as a true friend ; hut as she has got the care of the earl's daughter, it is an open house to him, and if Amy was ileeing from a marriage with that old man it w..ul3 not be there that she could tak - refuge. Then there are the Hammonds; but. although Lord Darlington jok*-l Amy about Louis when he was here with in. I don't think it is likely she can go to them, because the ;>-->• »r lad is laid up with a bad fever sone-where in France, and Amy says that his mother was always very d'stant to her. X->; i think her sister's is the place. " "What will they d > to get h-r hack".' asked Allan, "will "they ad.erti-i ■ av. as let «r missing ?" "No; they will work the td-graph with all their acquaintances. but of i-.e.-r,--.-.vry body will be glad to gi- e them ia! >:'.uiti-.n ; but nobody will mind our enquiries. They will say it is no business of ours," said Jessie. ■ " It "is my only business in England," said j Allan. " Then* I should go first to her j sister's." " And that's a hundred-and-twenty miles oil'," said Jessie; " but wait till George comes back before you start." George (.'opeland returned with the news that Miss Staunton had not. been seen at the J station, and that Lord Darlington had been ' before him in making enquiries there. Allan | only stopped to inform himself of the proper route for Miss Derrick's house, and went off ' to catch the train. 