WEARING THEM TO SOME PURPOSE. [From Chambers' s Journal.] Lydia, aged twenty, the only child of Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles, of Blubluddy Park, Suffolk, having ?written to her quon dam schoolfellow and bosom-friend, Julia uoutsner, iwo years ner semor, wite oi a doctor with an extensive practice in Halifax, Yorkshire, and mother of a fat boy fourteen months old, to the effect that if she did not come to spend a fortnight with her, she would borrow a team of wild horses from Mr. Sangster, who was making a tour through her neighbourhood, and come and drag ner away forcibly — the propriety of accepting the invitation was seriously dis cussed in the medical mansion. The Cout shers were a happy couple, and averse to separation, but Julia was fond of her friend, and glad to keep the bond between them taut. There were to be private theatricals and other gay doings at Blnbluddy Park; and as the Coutshers were not rich, and rather proud, Halifax was a dullish place for them. Lydia was a munificent godmother to the fat child. The Snaffles were a very old county family, and to be on intimate terms with them was very creditable. When one's wife goes to stay with an influential and much- respected baronet, there is no knowing what may turn up. So it waa settled that Lydia Snaffles might counter mand her wild horses, for that Mrs. Cout sher would go without compulsion — for a week. Mr. Coutsher was included in the invitation, but his leaving his patients was of course an impossibility. He never did while they lived ; and when they ceased to do that it was rather they who left bim The fat boy was likewise asked, and oc casioned a discussion. The mother wanted to take him, the father to keep him. ' It's very bad for young children to travel in the autumn,' said the doctor. 'Pooh!' replied his wife. 'Not unless they are well- paying patients.' ' I shall be dull enough without you, and if you take the boy too, I don't know what I shall do,' pleaded the husband. ' I can't be happy without my Billy,' said the wife wavering. 'Well, then, take him,' replied the doctor with a sigh. That sigh was a bull's eye, and the fat ohild stopped with his father. At 5.10 on an October evening, Mrs. Coutsher alighted on the Blubluddy End platform, and was immediately embraced and hungrily kissed by the impetuous Lydia — an operation which turned the hearts of five young male travellers by the down train to water. 'O you dear, delightful love of a Julia ! how good of you to come ! The carriage is waiting; the porters will look after your things. Well, and how are you? And so you have not brought my godson : left him as a hostage for your going back, have you? a pet ! How is he? Ana your nusDana, now is nei in course he could not come. Halifax would find it could get well without him, and that would never do ! You are looking blooming. I am so glad! O what fun this is !' And so Lydia rattled on all the way to Blubluddy Park, which was about two miles off, hardly giving^ her friend time to put in monosyllables. But smiles, nods, and shakes did just as welL 'We dine at 6,' she said, when she had seen her in her room, with her box uncorded and opened, and her evening dress laid on the bed. 'My room is only next door ;' and she disappeared. Pf In twenty minutes, she came back again, dressed for dinner, and found Julia also ready. They were exceptional and quick dresBeTs both of them, worth backing when Her Majesty's Plates are withdrawn from the turf and instituted as prizes for the encouragement of Rapid Female Toilet, as will be the case when everything is thoroughly reformed. How amusing the reports will be: 'Lady Jane won cleverly by three hooks and eyes and a bracelet' 'Miss Mary Smith came in first, but was objected to by the second lady, on the ground of her back-hair being insecurely Fastened. The stewards allowed the ob jection, so Miss Smith was disqualified.' And then the handicapping: the winner of any previous race having to put on an extra earring, or to wind up her watch. j ' It wants ten minutes to the gong,' said Lydis : ' come and see my room, dear.' So they went into Lydia's bower (when you first read 'The Lay of the Last Minstrel,' yon thought that was a haunt of frogs and spiders in the corner of the garden, did yon not? — / did), and the proprietress exhibited her dresses, jewels, and nicnacks. 'What ever is this thing?' asked Julia, taking up a silvered instrument. 'That? That is my spur, dear. When you press it so, a little prick comes out, like the sting of a bee.' ' And what do you wear that for ?' 'To make my mare go. They say money does that ; I don't know ; I think a spur is better.' 'O, Lydia, how can you? But you do not really prick the poor thing?' 'If the poor thing will not jump when I am out hunting, I do.' ' Do you really and truly hunt, and take actual leaps? You said something about it in your letters, but I thought it was only fun ; you are such a girl !' 'What is one to do, living in the country?' 'And what are these for?' continued Julia, pointing to a pair of thick laced-boots, with sreat nails in the soles. ' These are my shooting-boots ; and there are my gaiters. My gun is in papa's study. I will show it you to-morrow morning.' 'O, no! I hate the sight of a gun. But you do not mean a real gun, that has powder, and goes off?' ' Of course 1 do. It is such a light little darling; kicks a little, though, if you do not hold it tight.' 'One would think you were talking of a baby, dear,' said Julia, laughing. ' You shall have a pop at the pheasants with it yourself,' continued Lydia. 'I should die with fright, and be deaf ever afterwards,' replied her friend. 'There's the gong.' Julia Coutsher being a stranger, observed her hosts and neighbours at dinner somewhat carefully. Sir Thomas was a very proud man iu theory, but had no offensive pride of manner in practice. When he came to reason about it, he was rather surprised to find that common labourers hail the same number ef arms and legs as a man of his breed ; but he shewed no scorn in his actual intercourse with them. Iu his own house, he was hospitable, cheerful, and the slave of his daughter. Lady Snaffles was as hrm a believer in the mysteries of birth and blood as her husband. She professed to consider that ingratitude was the one great characteristic of the 'lower orders,' and she habitually s^oke of persons who had raised themselves in the social scale by superior talents or industry as 'dirt.' But she was a good, motherly soul for tdl that— exceedingly charitable, and enjoyed a scandalous gossip with an old alms woman most heartily. She was likewise completely under Lydia's authority. It was wonderful to see how both the parents deferred to the lively girl, appealed to her opinion, listened to her, laughed at her fun, and turned to others with eyes which expressed : ' Is she not brilliant, and clever, and beautiful ? Yet she is positively our child !' There were three guests. A fox-hunter, who was nothing else, and not being now in the hunting-field, was obscure — a quiescent steam-engine, having coal and water supplied to it. Second, his sister, likewise possessed of only one faculty, that of liking classical music ; and as, unfortunately, no one else in the room could soar above opera, or dis tinguish Sebastian Bach from tuning, she, too, only opened her mouth for commissariat purposes. Third, Mr. Robert Staunton, a handsome man of about thirty, of ' good' family, possessing a large property, im mediately adioininff Blubluddy Park. Julia L-outsuer soon saw mat iur. otauiuon admired Lydia quite as much as her parents did, and desired nothing more than to be elected slave Number Three. It was also evident that Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles were exceedingly anxious to have him for a son-in-law. But Lydia did not give him any encourage ment, which was rather surprising, for ne was as sensible and agreeable as he was good looking and eligible. I do not mean to suggest that Julia Coutsher was such a wonderful physiognomist as to read all this in the people's faces at the dinner-table, or that the various characters announced : ' I am so and so, and so and so, and my tastes and desires are so and so ;' like the old Greek heroes. She had a whole evening to watch them in, and several confi dential conversations with Lady Snaffles in the course of it. At 10 the lovers of hunting, of symphonies, and of Lydia took their departures, and the household retired to rest. I do wish that people still went to bed at 10\. There is no midnight now, only a 12 o'clock with a small 't ;' and how can one believe in the supernatural without a mid night ? Now, a nelief in the supernatural is necessary to human happiness ; it is also (which is of 'more importance) a trump-card in the hands of the story-teller. Alas! we have no duels and no ghosts, and the taste for the sensational is increasing ! No straw, and yet the tale must be delivered. Julia and Lydia sat over a fire iu the bedroom of the former. They were in their dressing-gowns, ready to pop into bed in a minute. Julia had her hair all over her shoulders ; Lydia had not, because it was cut short, and curled about like a boy's. ' Such a pity,' said Julia ; ' such lovely hair as you had.' ' Do you think so, dear?' replied Lydia. ' It was coining off, and Snips of Bond-street said, last season, that cutting it short for a time would restore it; he said, also, that this style suited my features — and then it is the fashion. It is very convenient, too, for riding : one's back hair can't come down where there's none to come, you know. Besides, it will be so very handy for our private theatricals, in whichjl am going to take man's part.' 'Lydia! now can you? now absurd. As if I was going to believe that !' ' It is quite true. I have got my clothes made, and will show them to you to-morrow. We want a pert young fellow of eighteen, and have got nothing but brawny men six feet odd ; so you see I must come to the rescue. I make a capital man ; you would never know me, especially when I have got my moustache on. Fa-act, 'pon my word, ya-as. Got a cigar about you, old f ler?'1 'And what do Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles say?' ' Why, it made them open their eyes at first; but they are so fully impressed with the wholesome idea that I must do what I like, and that if it seems wrong, it must be the laws and customs of the country that are in fault, and not their Lydia, that they soon dropped all opposition. Indeed, having private theatricals at all was such a pill for them to swallow, that their dear throats have been wider ever since.' 'Well, I did wonder at their having them, and especially at their letting you act.' 'Why, you see, dear, Lord Coulis, the head of the oldest family in the county, started it all, and Lady Augusta acted. The first fact converted papa, and the second mamma.' ' 1 cannot think how you dare. O, Lydia, you never will be able to appear in he-clothes before a roomful of people !' ' I shall not mind it a bit.' ' You always were as bold as brass. If I were your mamma, though, / would not let you.' ' If the cherub has a sister, Julia, you will make a terrible prude of her — will you not? Why did you not make a prude of me at school? You were two years older, and I thought you very wise.' ' I was not an old married woman then,' said Mrs. Coutaher ; ' I was a little flighty myself, I fear.' ' Yes, you were, dear.' 'And then you were so unmanageable. Somehow, it was impossible to help spoiling j'ou; everybody did.' 'Even the Misses MagnelL' 'Yes, even the Misses Magnell ; and they were stiff enough. But you were kept iu better o;tler there than at home. Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles seem to let you do whatever yon please.' 'Ah, Julia dearest,' said Lydia, with a sigh, 'they indulge me in trifling matters ; but where the happiness of my life is con cerned, they are obstinate and cruel.' 'Indeed!' ' Yes, they want me to marry Mr. Staun ton!' 'Ah!' said Julia, 'and is that such a very great hardship? He seemed to me just the sort of husband you would like.' ' Perhaps, if I had no prior attachment.' 'Why,' cried Julia, 'you can never mean that affair between yon and William Waters! That was quite a bit of boyand gjil nonaense, not at all suitable either ; and yon cannot hare seen him for a yeai and a I half.' . ' Should you have forgotten all about Mr. Coutsher, if you had not seen him for a year ! and a half?' '* Perhaps. But that ia quite different. We were in the same station of life, and our parents approved of our engagement.' ' Why, that was all against you !' cried Lydia. 'I don't believe there can be any true love without difficulty and opposition. You used to think so once. Don t you re member when William used to come under the playground wall and whistle, and throw letters over when I whistled back again ! And how you and I used to read them, and concoct the answers together ?' ' I am afraid we did.' ' William was very respectable, I am sure ; he was the son of a clergyman near here, you know, and used to be asked to the house. But he had no money, and his grandfather was in trade in Ipswich; so when he asked papa's leave to be engaged to me, papa broke out into a terrible passion, and called him dishonourable, and turned him out of the house ; and he said if William ever wrote to me, he would find him out, and horsewhip him ; and William hasn't. Neither papa nor mamma ever scolded me ; they treated me like a goosey girl who knew no better, and could not help myself, aud they laid all the blame on poor \yilham ; and yet I am sure 1 had to give him tremendous encouragement at school, when we walked out two and two, and at church, before he dare do anytlmii;— hadn't; I?' ' Yes, dear, you certainly did.'1 ' I almost fancy that I was the first to write.' ' I imagine that you did send a valentine or something. You had arrived at th« mature age of thirteen at the time. What a puss ! But hwe you ever met him since Sir Thomas forbade him the house?' 'Once; and he declared he would never marry any one else, and I promised the same. And I mean to keep my word, too ; and if he is faithful, I'll marry him when 1 am twenty -one.' ' And if he is not faithful, or misbehaves in any way, then you will marry Mr. Staunton, I suppose?' ' Perhaps — 0, Julia, it is a terrible thing to be crossed in love !' ' Sad, indeed, dear. It often ends in con sumption, I have heard.' Lydia sighed ; but she did not look con sunmtive. It would have made a pretty picture— I mean, of course, for ladies, artists, and fathers of families ; not for modest bachelors — those two sitting over the Hru in their dressing-gowns, because their styles of beauty were so different that each acted as a foil to the other. Lydia was tall, dark, and lithe, with a slightly aquiline nose in the middle of her very handsome face; her friend was fair, plump, and pretty. ' Lydia, darling,' said Julia, after a bit, 'you are the funniest contradiction 1 ever yet met. You wear spurs.' 'No, only one.' ' A spur ; and you jump over hedges and ditches, and break your neck like a rough man ; and you let off horrid guns ; and you whistle ; and you have smoked a cigarette ; and you mean to act in thingunimies ; and yet you are romantic, aud so very romantic !' ► ' But don't you see that is just where it is,' cried Lydia ; ' it is because I am sick to death' of what is commonplace, that I am always wanting to try something new and unusual. Men seem so much happier than women, that I wish to know what it is that makes them so. But as far as poor William goes, I do not see anything so very romantic m being commonly faithful and truthful. If you make a promise, you can keep it, I suppose, without being silly. Besides, I dont know why it is called romantic to lovo any one. You do not think yourself so for loving your husband or your baby, do you ? It is not romantic of me to love papa and mamma, is it ?' 'But do you really love William Waters, dear?' said Julia. 'Did you know your own mind when you played at loving him ? It seems to me that Mr. Stauutou is worth half-a-dozen of him.' 'How can you tell, Julia? You have never seen him since he was a mere boy. What prejudice !' 'Why, to begin with, if he were worthy of such romantic devotion as you propose to bestow on him,' said Julia, ' he would have managed to communicate with you, aud urge his suit before this. In the next place, 1 do know him, for he is articled to a solicitor in Halifax, and my husband asks him to dinner sometimes. Well, knowing, as lie does, what friends we were, would he not have spoken to me about old times, and tried to make me his confidante, if he had been good for much ?' 'And he never did ?' ' \«vi»r.' ' You never told me you knew him.' ' No. 1 hoped that you had forgotten all al-out him. 1 had no patience with a man who could once fall in love with my Lydia and theii put up quietly with a separation from her, against her will tan. He cannot have the spirit of a mou.se ? I cannot bear a tame man. ' 'Is Mr. Coutsher so wild, then?'1 ' Tame enough to me, dear ; that is quite right, I did not mean that. But if I hail thought he would have given me up for a rebuff from a parent, or any one but myself, I would not have had him lor anything.' 'Well, my prosaic Julia,' cried Lydia, breaking out into laughter, ' that is thu inont delightful finish to a sermon against romance that ever 1 heard of ! But perhaps you mis judge poor William. It is agreed that I am to come and sec you at Halifax ; jierlinps I shall meet him, and then 1 can tell for my self whether he is what I imagined him, or a faithless swain.' ' Oh, I have no doubt he will catch fire again quickly enough when he rious you ; and then, think what a match you would be for him.' 'Oh ! but I mean to see him without his knowimcnie.' ' How can that possibly be?' ' I have my idea ; but I will not tell it you to- night ; you have had a long journey, and must be tired. And, 1 declare, if we have not been gossiping for three hours.' At half -past three o'clock one afternoon, a month after the termination (if Mrs. Coutaher's visit to her 'fast' friend in Suffolk, towards the middle of November that is, a young man left the olticc of Millikin and Bowie, solicitors, Halifax, and walked up the street. He had a new-looking hat, a carefully fashioned coat, the larit pecu liarity in collars, creaseless gjovc*, small boots, and an umbrella, which it would be a pity to open, it was roiled up so neatly. Some men seem to have an instinct that if they are to be noticed at all, they must trust to their attire to produce an ett'eot ; and it appears to be a natural law that, the more insignificant any creature ia, the greater is its desire to attract attention. What docs an insect do when he has no beauty to pleatw you, no sting to irritate you withal ? Why, he commits suicide in your eye. But an illustration is a dangerous thing, and apt to carry one too far, for this young man was esteemed good-looking by those who took the trouble to notice him sufficiently to judge. His features were regular and nicely modelled, his complexion was pretty, his auburn whiskers— tney were not red — long and silky, and his figure was straight and well-nroiiortioned : and vet. somehow, be only impressed the casual observer with his clothes. A brougham was coming down the street, with a stoutish, sensible-looking man, who was its only occupant, lounging comfortably inside, reading the Lancet ; but happening to look up from the paper, he saw tne young man, waved one hand, pulled the check string with the other, and presently stepped out on to the pavement. 'How do you do, Waters? Tt is lucky that I saw you, as it has saved me the trouble of writing a note, and you that of answering it. My wife told me to mind and ask you to come and dine with us to-morrow — to meet a relative of hers, a young fellow who has just got his commission in the cavalry. Are you disengaged ?' ' Perfectly ; and I shall ue charmed. Mrs. Coutsher welL I hope?' 'Yes, thank you.— Well, then, bix sharp, you know. Don't dress ; we shall be quite alone.' Although a poor man, fated to work for his living, William Waters had the makings of a swell in him; but he had never had proper advantages, poor fellow, and was sadly defi cient in many important requisites. He fancied that when he accepted an invitation to dinner, he was receiving instead of con ferring a favour ; he imagined a cornet to be a superior creature, whom it wag a source of pride to form an acquaintance with ; and his unassisted intellect failed to teach him that good-breeding demanded his keeping his host and hostess waiting. So the boor was positively punctual, and entered the Cout shers1 drawing-room before the clock had done striking. Tke doctor was reading the newspaper a the table; his wife sat on the sofa npar the fire; a young man, rather short* but very handsome, who wore a small moustache »nd an eyeglass, and was dressed in a rather full frock-coat, fastened at the waist with a link button, was standing on the hearth-rug, playing with a Scotch terrier. 'Mr. Waters; Mr. Chifney.' The two young men bowed. Waters made a mental mem. ; 'To learn to wear an eyo. glass ; link-buttons are coming in again.' ' Clever littlo dawg this. Fond ofdawgB ?' observed the comet. ' Yes, very ; particularly big do«8.' 'Ah, yes. 1 havo a bull -terrier who \\* remarkably good at rats. Fond of ratting ?' 'Yes; that is, I like to ».ee it now and then.' 'Exactly. Good fun ratting. My dawg can kill five a minute ; aud he can pull a bull down, my dawg can.' 'Indeed !' ' Dinner is on the table, ma'am.' Waters made another mem. to the effect that dogs and rats were good drawing-room topics for conversation, a fact which some what surprised him. Ho also noticed that the young officer had rather a soprano voice ; likewise that his hostess Mas in an unusually merry mood, and provoked to laughter on very slight occasion. But ho was hungry, and his reflections were transient. Mrs. Coutsher retired soon after tho dessert was on the table, and presently tho doc-tor, too, got a message. ' f am sorry to leave you,' lie said ; ' that is the worst of my profession ; I am never safe against interruption for a minute. One would imagine that patients selected tho most inconvenient times tor sending for tho doctor on purpose If he settles down comfortably after dinner at tho end of a hard day's work, or if he goes to bed particularly tired, he is sure to 1m3 disturbed. But, I Hupposo, on« must not grumble at the fish for taking their own time to bite. Ring the bell M'lu'it you want more wine.' Ana ho went. ?aupposo we draw round the lire, mid make ourselves comfortable,' said Mr. Chif ney, suiting the action to the word. ' ' W hut are you drinking? Help yoursolf. It is a bore one cannot have a cigar, is it not ?' 'Well, yes,' said Waters; 'I like n smoke after dinner myself ; but this claret is so eood, that it would bo a pity to interfere with it too.' ' Ah, yea, the wino isn't so bad,' unitl Clufney. 'By-the-by, wo come from th«i same county, do we not? My coimiu said you were a Suffolk man, I think.' 'Yes, I was bom in that county. My father was a clergyman there.' ' 1 wonder whether we know many of the same people. Did you ever meet the Wil« tons V ' No, I do not remember them.' 'Or the Wights, or the Folkera, or tho Pureons, or the Manim?' ' Yes; 1 knew a littlo of tho PursoiiH,' ' Ah, nice gurls the l'uniou gnrls. SjxNHiey there ever?' ' Not very. You Bee I am a poor man, and cannot afford to lie B]money where tliuru is no tiu, mid the Miss Purnnna liming n penny.' * ' Indeed. Since you knew them, perhajw you knew a family they used to visit a good deal. What was tho name, hum ; they lived at Blubluddv Park ' 'Sir Thomas SnadleH, you moan.' 'That is the name.' 'Oyes, 1 knew him very woll indeed,' said Waters, who hud taken a good deal of wine at dinner, and n littlo after it, and wan disposed to be communicative. 'A tremen dously proud old fellow, who thinks no end of his ancestor)*.' 'All, does he? People who hnve them often do.' ' His daughter was not ft bud sort of girl ; did you ever meet bur?' 'Can't say 1 have,' replied Chifney, between two sneezeo. ' 1 never can resiut a pinch out of a snuff-ljox, when it in loft on the table, as Coutsher luu his, and it always sets mo off. Titeh-ee ! You were— saying — about — — Titch-ee !' ' Lydia Nnattles. 1 wonder you uover law her; (die goes everywhere, hunt», Bhootn, they say— does everything.' 'Ah, rather eccentric, 1 suppose?' 'Well, yes; I expeot sbo ia n littlo touched, she is so deni- erately fast. All very well now, but an awful boro for hor IiukIkukI when she marries, for really ahe goea a great deal too far.' ' You did not fall in love with her either t.lipn ?' 'Well, yes; I was a littlo Bpoonoy fit on« timo in that quarter.' 'And she did not return tho cainpUiiieut, I suppose?' said Chifney ; 'women havo aucli bad taste !' ' On the contrary, my dear fellow,' cried Waters, waxing familiar, 'she threw heiHoll' at my head.' ' Ah ! Then why did you not catch her *. She 1h an only child, is ohe not?' ' Yes, it was all right for that, and m fur as the girl went. Hut you see, Sir Tlunnan and Lady Himfllca cut up rough, and forhudn me the Iiouho ; and then 1 had to uonie hoiv, and did not wo how to keep uj» any commu nication.' ' 1 flatter myself I should, if it hod lioen me !' Biiiil Chifney. 'Do you think so?' replied Waters. ' Well, one thing was that I did not think it worth while t-» bother niynolf much. TIiohh girls who are ho very free and isaHy never stick to the mimo man lung, tmpGoially if \u-. in absent. Yet I think »he wan rathtv fund of me too.' ' That is more than you mam in have 1hu-ii of her, or you certainly would not have given her up bo oauily as that.' ' Why, what could I havo done ?' ' Run off with her, if hIio would go.' 'Run oil' witli her! And mippoahig Sir Thomas had refused to allow her anything, or hod cut hor out of his will, a pretty fix I should have been in !' 'Jo lw biire, bo you would. Shall wo g-» into the drawing- room ?' So tho two young men went up-Htairs to tea ; and proHontly thu doctor came home, and challenged Waters to a game at piquet, leaving Chifney free tti chat confidentially with his cousin in u corner. At a little after ten, Waters left, Hhaking hands with Iuh bout and honteHH; ha wiw advancing to proffer tho Banio ceremony tu Chifney, but that gallant officer 1»do him good-night with ho cold a bow that ho stopited uhort, and stuffed iih much of htB fingerx au lie could into his waistcoat pooket. 'Queer chap,' he muttered, iih he Btrollwl along the street, 'to he so familiar, and lead me on bo to talk about myflulf and my affaira, and then to ducline Hhaking IiuikIh 1 But perhaps it hoa goue out of faithion to Rhaktt hands, like taking wine with a fellow at dinner. He in a real swell, though. I wonder who it i« he reminded me of ; 1 httve, known some one remarkably liko him, I nut certain.' Mr. Coutsher saw Waters out, and then went direct to hia Biirgery, w that Cornet Chifney and Mrs. Coutaher were left alone. 'Well, you madcap?' Baid Mrs. Contain'!-. 'You were right, Julia; thu man ] mode a Lara of in my girlish fancy ia only lit to turn a mangle ; I should make ten tirni-n m good a man an he in. 1 acted my part well, though, did I not?' ' Y,ou did, indeed, Lydia. I had & rare job to help laughing.' ' I was in a terrible fix once, though ; my moustache nearly came off in my napkin ! However, I managed to stick it on again. Do you think your husband suspected any* thing ?' 'Well, Lydia, dear, you really must grant my pardon; but the fact is, 1 told him. Ho is so sharp, he would have bow almost sure to have found you out, and then ho might have been taken by surpriae.' ' Told him, Julia ! And he knew that I was a woman all the time !' ' Yea, dear; it wag beat, indeed. Besides, he might have got jealous, you know, think ing you a live cornet.' 'And he knows who I am, too, of course ?' 'Yes.' ' Well, I am going to-morrow, bo it does not matter, does it? You must drive me to that lane, whore I can put a womau'a gown over these things, and then tako me round to the station.' 'Certainly, dear. Oh, how sorry I am that you must go so noon !' 'Never mind, love; I will return after Christmas in my own character.' mat is a promiHe, mind. And now, dear, tell the truth ; you are not altogether sorry to find that Waters in not worth a vow of celibacy, are you ?' 'lleally, 1 hardly know.' 'You have liked Mr. Koliert Staunton a great deal better thia long time, have you not?' ' I shan't tell you, inquisitive mother of my fat godchild— there !' But /do not mind telling you, O reader, that ahe certainly married that chosen one of her parenta in the following autumn. Reader.— And does she still ever wear tho —the dress ? Actually, no; metaphorically, I cannot say. Married readers must guess. 