ftalris ami JfeMtcs. THE STORY OF A TRAMP. Bv Mrs. Denison. r-eleited-l " Thank you, Miss—thank you. It's the like of you seldom asks me in to get a sight | of the lire. Oh! but it's good to see ; that it are. Not once this blessed month has I set down to a blaze like that. It's not tears, Ma'am, it's the cold, makes me wipe my eyes, and the kindness, Miss ; an' maybe I'm not feelin' well like. It's hard work to be on the tramp—ye may well say that. "Am I the same woman you saw last week? "Well, I'll not deny it, Ma'am, an' it wasn't my child I held. I'll tell ye the truth, Miss. How could I carry the poor thing out doors ? "Why, I'll tell ye, Miss; an' a poor, wee, sickly little thing it were, to l>e sure. The way or it was this : Ye'd not be knowing j Mary Bradley, of course ; none but the poor i knows the poor, so to say. When I were a girl and Maty were a girl we both lived in a i village that I shan't name. You see, my j father was a farmer wonst, in goad circum stances he were too, and would be to this day, hut he loved the drink, an' he signed j his name I think they called it, and lie lost his good little place ; but that wasn't what I was going to talk about—it was Mary Bradley. She was brought to our house a wee bitorpliin, when I were a wee bit child myself. Hand some M ary were, when a little one, and hand- j some she grew up. I was only a year older than her, an' havin' no sister, I took to her as if she was my own. She was brighter than I were. Mary was brighter every way, as well as prettier, but it didn't make me j jealous. " I'll never forgit the home, Miss—as snug | an' tidy a place as one would wish to see, for mother was neat with all her disappoint- j ments, and kep' everything nice till the last. When the last did come, you see, she couldn't stand it, and so she died. " That thro wed Mary and me on the world. She were sixteen and I seventeen. There I was a little money for us after things was | sold ; and foolish that we was, though offered good places at home, we wanted to see London that bad that we agreed we'd both try to get service there. Woe's the day, Miss—but we didn't see any trouble ahead, we poor young things—when we went from the little church yard where my mother was buried, hand in hand, as it were. I don't suppose people I seeing such as L, dressed in this poor fashion, j with nothin' decent on, and half stupid from the cold and hunger, and the queerness of things—I don't suppose they think we has j any feelings. "' Why do you go tramping about in this way ?' some says. ' Can't you get something to do ?' '' Well, if I answers 'em that 1 wishes they'd give me some work, then they says, I'm im perdent, and bids me be off, when maybe my heart's aehinginside with the cold and hunger. Ah ! yes, Miss, I think we kas as much feelin' as the best of people. I often look at them that's well dressed in a way that I suppose gives 'em an idea that I hate 'em, but it's only because I'm thinkin' so bard. If things hadn't gone agin me that bad that 1 can't describe it, and don't know how it's all come about hardly that I'm so down, except it's through John (John's my husband, Miss, sorry am I to say it!) I might have dressed decent, and had a home of some sort too. But it isn't for some of God's poor creeters to be anything, I suppose, but just what I am. When I was a little girl and : walked in the woods with my father, I remember there was flowers growing right under my feet, and I'd keep picking 'em up J or stepping one side. But father said ' No j use to do that, child—them's made to be trod on.' An' it's the same with folks, 1 reckon— some of 'em's made to be trod on. "So Mary and me we come into the city, and got almost frightened to death in the great noisy streets. Mary had an aunt here, j she heard, and somebody had given her her J name on a bit of card, and where she lived. I It was a whole day we travelled before we ! found the right direction, and then, in a j narrow street, we come on Mary's aunt, who kept a little grocery shop. She didn't seem any too glad to see us, but when we said we ; had a little money to pay her for her trouble till we'd found a place, she agreed to keep us. Ye see, she let rooms to lodgers for a few pence a night, and she would as leives it was us as anybody, I suppose. Mary and I ate our supper and then we went to bed, dreadful tired, but not so sadly but we had a good cry, and wished we were back in the old place. It had been a dirty, foggy day, you see, and we missed the fine colour of the country and shivered at the narrow rooms and black walls. It's a rare pity, Miss, that poor girls leave their places to take service in London. Folks knows 'em there where they's born, and oversees 'em like; but here in London, they're all swallowed up, and nobody cares for 'em. It wasn't but a week, Miss, afore we'd got places ; but Fm sorry to say, not together. I We tried for that, but folks didn't generally be wanting two servants, an' when tbey did, one was a cook, which neither of us could take upon ourselves. Mary Bradley got into a fine family, that kept five or six servants, but I got in one as wasn't quite as grand, though I had my hands full, as was well to j be. Perhaps it kept me out of the way of temptation. " Well, Mary come to see me the first Saturday night—we wasn't fur apart. She were in such high spirits, and looked so pretty, that I jest sat admiring her. She diiln't have scarcely anything to do, she said, only trap over the house for a lady who was a visitin' with her son, and she had her own way jest as much as she pleased. I see how it was. Mary was so tidy an' handsome that they petted her' an' didn't take no proper care of lier at the same time. Servants ought to have reg'lar hours, Miss, an' their reg'lar times out—there ain't no doubt of that; but wben tbey can jest slip on a shawl, because they has so much time to tlieirselvcs, and go out gossiping, it's almost a servant's ruin. Miss. "Well, Miss, I had a young man, then, as I set great store by. He took to me after I'd been a month in service, an' was steady an' industrious, an' savin' some money from Ids earnins. I don't know how it were—I ain't goin' to say—but he got along of Maiy; it was seeing her home, you know, and scch like. An' tken ske were tliat pretty, Miss, that everybody took to lier. I didn't know what had happened for some time—I only saw that John was absent-like, and not as be used to be. But Mary, she were as pleasant as ever, only, I thought, cross to poor John. She saw how it were, I expect, that John had got to liking her, and she knew I was bound up in him, so she tried her best not to have anything to do with him. By-and-bv, when she came to see me, she always said, ' I've got a young man outside waiting for me, so I don't want you, John.' Then John would begin to be uneasy, an' talk to me about it, like as if he was her friend, you see, an' nothin' more. "' I'd like to know who this young man is,' he'd keep saying. ' I don't fancy the looks of it. \ our sister is a giddy thing, and ought to be watched.' "I can't say I quite liked the looks of it, either, because when I spoke to Mary of it, she either looked so silly or answered round- 1 about. I began to agree with John that she ought to be watched, and he set about it, and ] brought me a story that troubled me. " Oil ! dear, Miss, you might not think it —J011 A™ so f;u' above us; but servants Lave their little troubles, Miss, an' their hard trials too. I'm sure when John brought lue word that it was a real gentleman who waited for lier, and the son of that lady that was visiting at that house, I diiln't know but I should die for a moment. And John, he was as pale as a ghost. Some of us, in all walks of life, Miss, has more strength of character than others, but I always knew Mary was one of the weak ones, and liked a bit of flattery ; ami as she hadn't no edication to speak of, why, you see how it was—poor, simple girl. | " So the next time Mary Bradley come, I i set out to give her a reg'lar talking to. I wasn't but a year older, but, then, bein' different in my tastes always, and more steady nor slxe, I felt kind o' motherly. John had gone out, and she sat opposite, in the kitchen, before the fire. I had the kitchen all to my self that night. Cook had her evening away, j and so I could free my mind, j " 'You've got a chain, Mary Bradley,' I 1 said, seeiu' it shine on her pretty neck. 'An' ! what a beautiful bordered apron. I declare ' you are gettin' quite smart.' I tried to laugh, but my heart was sinkin' someway. People talk of kuowin' that trouble's comin'. I'm sure I felt it then, in the air, all round me. I saw it in her bright eye, aud the colour that lirst went out and then flushed up in her cheek. " ' Yes, it's real gold, too,' she replied to me; 'none of your make-believe, nastythings, that creases your skin with black stuff. Isn't it a beauty ?' and she leaned over for me to see it. ' Then this apron was Missis Faulk ner's ; she gave it to me with her own hands.' " And did Mr. Faulkner give you the chain ?" I asked ; I didn't dare to look up, Miss, you may be sure, for I felt how it was, and my heart ached. She was that still that I grew frightened at last. When I did look she sat with her eyes fixed on the fire in a nervous way, her face all of a flush from the chin to the top of the forehead. " And what if he did give it to me ?" she said, as she sat biting her lip. " Of course, then, he did give it to me. Is it anybody's business ?" " Only, Mary, he's a young gentleman," I said, " and above the likes of us. I wouldn't take presents from sich." " I know he's a young gentleman," said Mary, turning away as if she didn't like what I said—"and a young doctor, too. He's going through the 'ospitals, as they calls it, aud—and the fact is, it isn't the first time young gentlemen has liked those as is beneath them." " Oh, Mary !" I couldn't help crying out, "why don't his mother see it?"—she'd be sure to stop it." " Stop what ?" cries Mary in a huff. " His givin' you such things as that," says L " It's a shame and a disgrace to wear it," says I, "unless a poor boy like John had given it—that is, if he was engaged to you." "You needn't talk that way, Bessy," cries Mary, trembling and vexed; "John likes my little finger better than he does your whole body, for he told me so." It wasn't kind in her, miss, now, was it ? It gave me a pain in the heart that I can't tell you how sharp it was. I tried to keep from bein' mad, though my temper was risin'. I tried not to say some ugly words, hut I did. I told her just what she would suffer if she didn't break with the young doctor, and she told me to mind my own business, and so we broke there, and I am afraid I hated her. Then, when I saw Jolm, I charged him with what she'd said, and he went white and red, and tried to deny it, but I knew it must he true. And so I sent John off, and I grew sullen and ugly, an' was all the time talking to myself about Mary Bradley, and fancying how I should like to see her suffer, and how if she came starving to the door, I'd be proud to give her vittles, and let her see that I felt she wasn't no longer good enough to company with me. And I done worse than that, for when my heart was first sore about John (and, indeed, Miss, I loved him dearly) I used to wish some dreadful thing would happen to her. I used to hope I might see her in misery and disgrace. I used to fancy that I should like to see her killed in some way. I hope God has forgive me. Them that has such feelings, Mis3, is worse than them that do the wrong. One night John came to the door to see me. He looked so scared and white that it frightened me, and I hadn't the heart to shut the door in liis face as I wanted to do. "I was on the bridge when she done it," he whispered, "close by;" and then he trembled and shook like any leaf. " What are you talk in' about, John Williams ?" said I. " I followed her"—he went on, growing whiter and scareder-looking—" 'cause I knew there was mischief in her eyes, hut I couldn't help it—she jumped over." It's queer, but Mary didn't come in my mind—I think I must have been all took up seein' him hi such a way. "I don't know what you mean, John Williams," said I, and I wanted to shut the door. "Mary's drowned herself," he said, his voice all hoarse. " She jumped off" the bridge, an' I see her." That minute, Miss, I didn't have strength enough to keep from fallin'. I just caught | the door, and seemed slidin', slidin' down— an' such a horror came over me. All my love came back ; I'd given worlds to see her alive agin ; Fd given my life a'most. When I looked up John wasn't there, so I'd nothing to do but shut the door and go down stairs. But if you'll believe me, Miss, I had to crawl down them stairs, I was that weak. Cook, she stared, and then she asked me if I'd seen a ghost—but I couldn't answer, so I threw my apron over my head, and cried till I felt a little better; l>ut oh, Miss, nobody can't tell what I suffered. The next day I couldn't work hardly, hut John came to the back door, looking as bad as ever. " I've got an order for you," he whispered. "She's in the 'ospitaL'.' I didn't know just what he meant, though I held the paper in my hand. "They got her-out," says he, "and brought her to, an' she's in the 'ospital, an' wants to see you had." Be sure, Miss, I wasn't long a gettin' ready, an' I wasn't long a goin' there, though my heart did beat so. Poor thing ! if you'd lia' seen her, Miss—white as a lily, not a morsel of colour in her poor little lips or cheeks— I'm sure the hate would ha' died out. I jest fell to kissin' of her, an' it was dreadful to see her smile. Presently, while I was holding her poor hand, some one says :— " Here's the case as was drowned—almost a miracle. Threw herself over Waterloo." I looked up. In a minute poor Mary give a little cry and fainted dead. Then I knew who it was stood there, and if you'd seen his face. Death couldn't lia' altered it. "Does it frighten you, Faulkner?" says another voice ; " you must get over that." Oh, how 1 wanted to cry out, " See, that's your doins, you fine gentleman," for I felt sure it was—I felt sure he had treated my poor girl, that I loved like a sister, in a way she didn't deserve, if she was humble. And it's hard, Miss, for these great folks to lay a straw in the way of such as us. I heard a great serniint preached once, an' the text was, "Am I my brother's keeper?" an' the minister went on to say how that the poor an' ignorant ought to be held sacred by the great and learned, an' kept by them from all evil. Instead of that, they flatters us if they can, an' seems to consider us as play things, an' thinks they can say anything to poor servants. It's a dreadful thing, Miss, an' I wouldn't like to be young Dr. Faulkner to be judged this day, for he's gone where folks l>e judged months ago. Well, I left poor Mary that day, and went once or twice more. The last time she'd gone, an' never left word where. So in time —that is, in a few months—John coaxed me to marry him, and I, likin' him as much as ever, agreed to it. But, oh ! Miss, sometbin' had changed John. He'd come home quite drunk, and then he were discharged—aud then people failed, and the sickness began to come. He grew hollow in the cheeks, an' coughed an' give up, ail' just grew miserable. It was when the sickness was worst that I saw Mary agin. She came to me lookin' like a ghost, and her poor little child wasn't a month old yet. "I tried to live," she whispered, "but they wouldn't let me—now I've come to you to die. I've heeu cruelly deceived, for there was a make-believe marriage, an' when I told his mother so, she laughed at me. But, oh ! I'm sorry that I tlirowed myself over—I hope God has forgiven me—I hope he'll take me home to heaven. Oh ! I wish I'd minded you, but he seemed so earnest. Never mind, I'm going to die, and so is my poor little baby." You'll excuse me, Miss, for cryiu' so ; I dou't know when I've done it before, but it sort of docs me good. Well the cholery was raging dreadful then, an' the first thing I knew Mary had it. I ran for a dispensary doctor, or whatever you call them. They seut a doctor, an' who do you think it was? The same Dr. Faulkner—just in time to see her die. " Oh !" she cried, " I do forgive you !" and them was the last words she said. He was awful shocked—couldn't help but pity him. He took out three or four gold pieces. "Bury her decent," says he, 'an'I'll see that you git more if you take care of the child." We buried her as decent as we were able, and then some money was scut—a few sovereigns—and then John read in the paper that he was dead—died of the cholery, an' there was a long piece about his bein' so • devoted, an' earin' so little for his life. [ I'm sliure, Miss, that he liked poor Mary. "Rut that's n#*ithpp liwa But that's neither here nor there. John's I got so low that the 'ospital doctor, where he 1 is, says he can't live the winter out, an' that baby as I've took care of ever since, an' as you see with me, was poor Mary's child. If I'd kept at home we'd both starved together. Thank you, Miss, it's very kind of you to offer me clothes for the poor little thing ; but you see, Miss, it's dead. It died last night. I tried to keep the life in it, Miss. I gave it all the nourishing thing3 I could git, but it wasn't no use—it faded, an' faded. I expect its mother wanted it. If you please, I'll just take a little thing or two to lay it out. j Thank ye, Mis3, you'll uever he sorry for j helping the poor and misfortunate. 