Ecclesiastical Intelligence. The Court Journal snys : — An Eng lish duchess has gone over to the Roman Catholic Church within a few days. It is a short and easy journey now. The Spectator says a riddle above par is going about on the ritualistic ques tion. Why was Eve the first ritualistic convert I because she began by being Eve angelical, and ended by taking to vestments. A letter from Rome says that amongst the notabilities now in that city is n ritualistic clergyman of tbe Anglican Church, who appears at all tbe Roman Catholic ceremonies attired in the full dress of a pilgrim or hermit, and assists most devoutly at nil the religious func tions of the season. The following extracts from one of Mr. Spurgeon's last sermons are pub lished by the Pall Mall Gazette on the authority of a correspondent: — 'The National Church is a national ourse. It is now litllo better than a den of thieves. It is the haunt of ©very unclean boast. The union of Church and State first took place in tbe days of Noah, when the Sons of God looked upon the daughters of men.' DOCTRINli AT A CONFIRMATION. A fow days ago a confirmation was held at St. Mnttbias's, Stoke Newing ton, by tho Bishop of Dunedin, on bohulf of the Bishop of London. There were nbo-Jt 1G0 candidates ; and according to the Hackney Gazette, the Bishop told them that ' as surely as the Holy Ghost desoended upon tho apostles it would now descend upon them, whether they willed it or nor, and asked them to think, before they received that gilt, whether they were prepared to become the recipients of bo great nnd unspeok- I able a blessing.' THE CLERICAL 6CANDAL AT WIN CH liBTER. The Rev. G. A. Seymour, incumbent of Holy Trinity Church, Winchester, has mado a defence of Me conduct m relation to bis refusal to inter a body because the deceased wtis unbaptised, and says that fur this reason he could not legally conscientiously perform the burial rite. With regard to uie cua^c of persecution made against him, he says that, holding what he conceives to be ' true church views' of the necessity and efficacy of holy baptism, be had, previous to the death of his parishioner, done all in his power to prepare him lor tbe reception of the rite, but that death intervened heforo his object was accom i.liolioH TTnrfnr tho circumstances, and to soothe tho feelings of the orphan daughters, Mr. Seymour says he looked round to find, if ' possible, some legal mode of oscaping tbe difficulty caused by the imperious rubric in the order lor the burial of the dead, which says that ' tho office ensuing is not tor any mat die unbaptised, or excommunicate, or have laid violent hands upon them selves,' and that ho, finding no escape, three hours belbre the funeral was an nounced to take place, informed the daughters tbat be could not perform the ceremony. Upon this point, how ever, there was evidently a misunder ing, for tho body, as already stated, was conveyed to thu cemetery gates, und there a message to the ettect auove named was brought by a messenger from tbe reverend gentleman, nnd on hearing it the daughter fainted. Those engaged in the funeral said, the de ceased should not be buried like a dog; and after depositing tbe corpse in the Dissenters' chapel, they sought the ser vices of tbe R*v.W. II. Fuller, con gregational minister, who, as already said, performed the last sad omcos at another grave on the following day. Ab to having prosented tUo interment of tho man with his wife, whose body was lying in the grave which had been prepared in the consecrated ground, Mr. Seymour states there is nothing to prevent a funeral scrvico from being used in a Nonconformist or Roman Catholic chapol, either within the ceme topv nr tritlimif it. and the corpse from being tbereirom deposited in tbu con secrated ground. A local journal say s:— ?' During this week the Rev. Mr. Sey mour has given unmistakable evidence ol repentance for the perpetration of an act which is considered in Winchestnr a disgrace to tbe tolerance and humanity ot our citizens. On Thursday the rev. gentleman mado n proposition to tho orphan daughters of the poor man, to ihu effect that he would Ireeiy aeirej /ivtiefe' remains from the unconseoratyd ground to tho grave of (heir mother.' The writer adds that this offer was refused. 