C H A N G E S JJY TFFBIE^GI.ISH, LEGIS. • Tbte year jto^closednBm witnessed a great number 6f «hang^;ija;tSp j)/^«onnei of Parliament. Taking first-she House of Lords, we find that twenty-four peers have died. The peerages of Baynrag, 6-1enelg,-and Pottsonby nave become extinct, while the successors to the titles of Monteagle, Childen, Rivers, mid Ijonoughmbroare minors. On ,the other •hand, the Duke Of Hauiilton and this Earl t)f Eldbn have attained their majority, and Viscount Templetown has been elected a representative jjfeer of Ireland, in succession to the late :Eail of ^neshorongh. fifteen peers havelfeencreited, 'TKisy ear's changes thefts Ijbr^hi^fijHp'iiko may be thus briefly summarised; Seventeen new peers sudfcession.firceeh by creation, two by majority, and t>ne^y flection. ' The taortality Jtf the' Commons has been «fcactly one fourth of that in the Lords. Six Members have died—a number hither below the average. The M.P.'s who have been removed by death were Tour liberals and two Conservatives; Eleven fnembers have become peers, five by cfeation arid six by succession. There are now in the House of Commons forty members who had no seats in that assembly at the beginning of last J^ttr. ©fthesetwenty-one are Conservatives. Of the forty constituencies which have •changed their rep'resentatives, thirty are in England, six in Ireland, three in Wales, and one in Scotland. Eighteen have returned Conservatives in succession to Conservatives; twelve have "returned Liberals in succession to Liberals; the former party has lost sis Beats, and the latter four. . The session witnessed the unseating of seventeen hon. gentlemen, "twelve of whoto were Liberals and five 'Conservatives. ^ The average ago of the Peers who have died is <51; of the members of the House of Commons, '55. A CitoLEEA Incident.—On one of the streets running, .parallel, with Broadway, lived a married couple who had not travelled together very smoothly since they had been made/one flesh. The husband, though not a bad man, occasionally took a drop too much, and on such occasions happiness was the exception in the household. The wife had a thousand dollars in greenbacks, which she had saved and always carried with her, and being the master spirit of the firm, she would Hot allow it to he encroached upon, but, on tire contrary, endeavoured to augment it. The wife took the cholera, and the husband, "obtaining a permit, had her sent to the city hospital. It is not known that he accompanied her thither, although he must have visited her. One morning, the nurse being out of the Tooiri for some time, he returned to the bedside of the poor woman, aud discovered her, to all appearance, dead. The •doctor was notified, and made his observation. Ho pulsation of the heart, no breathing, nothing to dissipate the illusion and assertion that the patient was dead, was discovered, and the disciple of iEsculapius pronounced tier—dead. She was forthwith disrobed, placed in the rough coffin furnished by the •city, ami conveyed to t^v.deadhouse. l ? or four hours she lay apparently a corpse, with all the surroundings of death. After the _ shadows of night had closed in, the watchman took a look into the room to see that all was right. From the inside of one of the colli ns •a perceptible knocking was heard. Super- stition seized him; he slammed the door after him, and went to notify other parties •of the mysterious rapping, and several accompanied the man to the temporary reeep, taclo of the dead. When the door was •opened, a sight met the gaze of the party which made the roots of their hair tingle, and caused them to feel a weakness about the knees. The " corpse " had raised the lid •of the coffin, and was sitting bolt upright in it. " Where am I ? " says she, Tiie matter was explained to her briefly. Filled with =anger, illness having seemingly departed, she let loose the flood of her passion at the idea •of being; enclosed in such a contemptible receptacle. She had 1,000 dollars when she went to the hospital, she said,' and she •demanded to know where it had gone ; that ®um would have given her decent sepulture. The attendants were unable to explain the whereabouts of the nnisBing money, and the woman demanded to be restored to herself •once more, that she might pursue the thief •who had robbed her, and secure to her body, if aire wore to die, decent burial. The resurrected " one was helped out of her narrow prison house, and taken to a more genial chamber. But here another difficulty arose—all her clothes had been destroyed. Suitable apparel, however, was furnished, and finding herself once more of" the flesh and blood, she insisted on starting at once in search of her husband, who, she thought —and perhaps correctly—was consoling himself with her 1,000 dollars, and the idea that some other daughter of Eve would console liis lonely hours. The surgeon, observing that madam was comparatively well, and thinking that it might do her more harm to retain her than permit her departure, had the iron gate open for her exit. Darkness had set in ere she reached her husband's place of domiciliation. She knocked at the door, and her husband opened it. With eyes fairly Starting from their sockets, lie gazed; words failed him; he was paralysed with fear at the supposed apparition. At length, the wife demanded why he bad robbed her, insisting at the same time that she was not dead, as he no doubt hoped she was, and she had come home—he would find it harder than that to get rid of her. The husband was too astonished, horrified, to believe his eyes, and lie begged the " ghost" to leave, she might have the money, but, for God's sake, to go away and not destroy him. At this, the man, with fear and trembling, handed her the missing money, which she took. But she was not to be driven from her home, and with a push she opened the door and entered the house. She had no sooner done «o than her husband, minus coat and hat, rushed out of the back door into the yard, and over the fence, and that is the last that either his wife or friends have seen of him. —St. Louis Times. The gentleman who pressed a lady's " snowy brow" did not catch cold. Putting a stop to a woman's tongue is said to be difficult punctuation. To what tribe do Scotch Jews belong ?— To Mac-Assur. When doc's a severe cold resemble a brilliant idea P—When it comes into' one's head suddenly. ? 