?? , - ,v.; ? ,] 4-: Jlfrom^^ :l A meeting^ihe light ;Farmers* Glub was held tA'the^reelin^ Hot^ on uie l&tii; iast^ Mr. J. BarTOWi the Presidant, beirg in the «bair. The minutes of the previous meeting werp fijneta^dWd: confirmed, after whioh a letter was read from the Mount Gambler : Farmere' Club, actknowledgin» the receipt of a commurdcstion from the £ight Club, and also enclosing a copy ofthe Border JFofafc, con taining an accoant of tho last meeting of the Dffoont Gambier Club. The attention of the members was first direoted to tha state of the country, and then to the 'remajis made by Messrs. Umpherstone and Suthedand, M.P., on the land question, and the discussion which followed on the best method of modifying the present occupation of lands, eithar by lease or sale. Some remarte were further made upon the commission which has recently been ap pointed^ to consider into the state ^of runs and leases sheld froxn the Crown Mr. Price, of Wilpena Station,. told the Commissioners that he thought he should have five years* remission of rent, and then an extension of his lease to 21 years at a nominal rent. Surely we may ask what for? To lock up the peopla's land, and to dribble out food in the niggardly i manner they would like to. They have done : enough to blacken the page of history on both sides. Another generous youth would like a lease for 99 years. This person has risen above the occupation of a shepherd, but is not | as yet b y md the bounds of want. And then | behold the grizzly ghosts in Goyder's night cap wanting to ride off down 300 miles of tinmway, as 'though to escape from a mountain j f debt and misery. Comments were made upon the great difference in the estimates of a i proper assessment given by the lessees examined by the Commissioners, and it was resolved that a special meeting should ba called for the purpose of eliciting opinions respecting the necessity of a new Land Bin being immediately passed. The discussion was carried on for some time, and the 26th inst was fixed for the day upon which the special meeting should be held. 