Mesmerism and Murder. Late American papets give tho particulars of a remarkable case of murder in which Mesmerism is alleged to have played an influential if not thc principal part. 'I he trial of the alleged murderer has just been brought to a close iu Philadelphia. Ou the 25th of April au old lady named Mrs Dorcas Magilton, who lived with her husband in Shippen-stroet, was murdered in her own room, and robbed of a small sum of money. About 2 o'clock in the afternoon Mr nmltnn ? e„Ilu out on some errand, and returning in tho oourse of a hour, found the front door fastened. He knocked, and in a moment was admitted by an acquaintance named George W. Winnemore, who told him, with nppareut calmness, that some one bad been there and murdered his wife. The old lady was found lying on tho floor, with her knitting work beside her, as if it had fallen from her hand when she was struck, her skull crushed by repoated blows wit - a hamjier, and her throat cut with a razor. Tho hammer and razor were both found j the former belonged to Magilton, the latter was olaimed to bo Winnemore's. Win nemore was arrested, and a few dollars were found in his pocket, though the money was not identi. fied as belonging to the deceased. The prisoner's presence in tho house, with the door locked, was of course the strong point against him, and his explanation that ou finding the woman dead he had locked the door to pre vent the escape of the murderer, should he still be about the premises, was unsatisfactory. An attempt to prove an alibi was unsuccessful. The defenoe upon which most reliance was placed was insanity. The prisoner's mother testified that iDM«:ity had been hereditary in his father's family. It was shown that Wrnnomore had beon from childhood afflicted with epilespy, and several eminent physicians we;e called to establish the we'O-known tendoncy of that disease to impair the mental powers. It does not appear that any very careful examination of Winnemore's state of mind was made by medical experts, but the Dhvsiciana seem to hnv* been under tho impression from what little they saw and heard of him, that he was more or less deranged. It was proved that he had several times attompted to commit suicide. Butthemos remarkable testimony bore upon his belief in spiritnaliem, and his behaviour under the influ ence of spiritual manifestations He professed to be controlled by the spirit of an Indian chief! and whon the ghost of his savage guardian took possession of him, he danced and capered like a painted Sioux ; he utterred strange thoughts; he subscribed in his dairy characters that no man could deciphor, and poetry which, if not especi ally suggestive of insanity, was certainly very foolish ; ho declared that spirits no bigger than the head of a pin were round about him, and ho saw them on one occasion walking all over a bunch of flowers. A spiritual medium, who had ? ? - 1-lttT WitfifVY? Wfernan 111 exquisite style. Alter nn inter mission of a few minutes the performers again appeared, and the singers gave tho glco 44 Ripe Strawberries' in first-rato stylo. Master Robert Spcnco followed with a recitation entitled ' The Publicans Dream.' 'The Gipsy Girl' was next : sang by Miss Ilobson, and encored by tho audiance. Tho now popular air 11 Doon the Burn Davcy was given as tho eneoro. Muster 'William IMead then recited 44 The Young Hero.1' Thc next piece was a piano solo, 44 1 Would I wero a Bird,' by Miss Wise man, and was followed by Master II. Wil mot with a rocitation entitled ilTho Two Sussex Lads.' The. i'52SI..'oSSbout'?.^? ^nev took entire control of hi actions; he was no longer his own master. A witness, Mrs Menoh. stated that in the spiritual ciroles of which sho and Winnemore wero mem bers, thoir habit was to ' give way to whotever influonoe came.' Winnemore was a n cd:um- and was often seen in trances* The murdered women Mrs Magilton, used to mesmerise him, and there was apparently an attempt on the part of tho prisoner's counsel to produce the impression that if he killed her, he did it a state of uncon ciousness which she horsell had brought about. It was certainly intimated that she exerted indircotly a painful influence over him. She used, for example, under spiritual guidauce- to paint pictures of the flowers of ParadisOj and the sight of these extraordinary works of art always threw him into an unpleasant frame of mind, though it does appear that there were any of them in the room when the murder was committed. Indeed, it is almost impossible to read the evidence without arriving at a conclusion that the man was ot times more or less deranged; though how far he may have been responsible for his actions on that fatal 25th of April is, of course, another matter altogether. The jury, at all events seem to have been satisfied of his sanity on that particular day, for though the charge of Judge Brewster was on the whole rather favorable to the aocused, they found him guilty, after about two hours delibera tion, and the spectators in the oourt room, hailed J the verdiot with a murmer of approbation, Longfellow and the Blacking Man. — Longfellow, tho poet, was staying a few years ago down at Newport, shut up in seolusion, deeply intent on the production of some pootical work. A man demanded admittance, but was refused by the servant. He was importunate, and Long fellow was consulted, and admittance again denied At last the man broke through all obstructions, and burst into the poet's study. Said he, heed less of the poet's frown, ' Mr Longfellow, you must excuse my interruption, but I have business that is of moro importance to you even than me, and I have come down from Boston on purpose to see you. You know those English blacking fellows, Warren and them others, kept a poet, and their blacking went off because of their verses Now, I am in tho blacking business, and I thought if we were to go partners, you could make the rhymes and I the blacking, and we could divide, and make a good think of it. You seo, you would have the best end of the thin ? ' ' Put him out I put him out!' shrieked Longfellow, in an excess of indignation and astonishment, and the indisoreet blacking-maker left tho room with greater speod than he had anticipated for the sale of bis blacking, — Sacramento Union. An Ami; uioan's Descrittion of the Wtmknt at the Pau,s Exhibit, on ^ v' fo owing sketch is froin tlll- cor ' rf J AUa Cahjornia. an American nCntlem L| ' Hie English people ami Govermuaut huveV j dently aparcil nolthor expense nor labor i„ J ' paring and filling the department HUoteH tot ! ' '-3 Next to tho Fronch in extent, it is probahl, ? ''vj articles of real value, the richest. ThediJ','! ,, i mac uncry, carpets, cloths, laces (woven), cutjS -I Plate furniture, musical instruments, and k£ 1 » ?-d beyond the power ex2' - Lnglish productions of all kinds are easil, L 7;1 cerni e from those of all other countries I, i substantiality, solidity, and usefulness, If ,U ; j be not much high art in them, thero is at b hi great intrinsic value. I could not discover « 1^ very new ideas in anything in this departs, fe but it is, for ail that, probablv the mnof ' F-t in the whole Exhibition. Thare is o^rywlin 1 , evidence of a determination to aoliieve'i ^ front position. At the Paris Exposition John IM ' puts his best leg foremost. Hero are map3 L? tended to convey an idea of tho vast extent eftj domains— mnps of I.»dia, of the WeBt Indies,!'; Cape of Good Hope and other colonies, tlio Csm' das, Australia, and other places. In the as might naturally be expected, is a modeUU ' grand Monument, under a glass cover, which it is proposod to erect to the memory 0f that new to-be-sufficiemly- lamented philoprogenitive Prin? Albert of Saxe Gotho. It will be a grand afla when it ia buiit, whit; of course, is certain, In ' her Majesty of England has a long purse. Job 1 ' Ti'omas may be found in every angle here, tc I splendent in gorgoous livory, making hiirf [ generally useful; ho carries camp-tools, hulii [ umbrellas and oanes, and attonii SI to iuvenile but n.frn-.tn»n b.:. — r saw yesterday one solemn member of the tribi I ' marohing behind his mistress. The young gen. |;j tleman of half a dozen summers of whom he vm Q in charge was of most unoertaiu disposition ; nou ffi ho wants to be carried, and the moment after he hos been taken up demands to be set down agaip, |l and kicks like a good fellow to - accomplish Fa || wishes ; but no shade of displeasure passes over ^ the placid features of John Thomas. He Bets g| down and pieks up the youthful Briton with on I] air of abstraction truly wonderful to contemplate. Now his mistress takes a seat, and the scion of a 1,1 noble house, upon whom he has been waiting, [i .] rushes to the arms of his stately mamma. John f | Thomas then retires to the shadow of the neurost ( j column and there waits for the summons to move s'-'-j off again in Splendid pageant He does not dare | 1 to sit down, though 1 have a fancy that the poor | ] man, notwithstanding the extreme rotundity f;fj of his calves, is wearied almost to t'l death. The Pavilion of the Exposition H is an immensely large structure. His mistress [ 1 is seated therein. This is a fact to whioh ha H cannot close his eyes. An erect position is the fl .only one then left for Mr Yellowplush within ] Ctho range of the vision of the lady whose livery 111 lhe wears ; it would be an offenoe to te punished 1H j'Pfty instant dismissal for the flunkey to eit down. R-i;j These sort of displays, however, are not made by K I ab the people who aro most accustomed to obsa- K ^ quious service. Kings and Queens knock aboil Bp ? here in exceedingly plain clothes, and withou/ 6 j UJ attendants, so fur at loast as outward show go«, K'.l \- jl saw the Prince of .Wales yestorday exploring j ? iiv wajjwuiuivu iu a TCiy uomy mt cratio manner: He was not dressed half eo » flashily , as' some Knights of the Yard K Stick whom I have seen at the same placo B. — loud aB to vest and stunning as to gloves. I H saw at tho English department, though I must say B that ray examination was somewhat cursory, but R one reully novel article, and thnt was a pentagonal K bookcase. It is modelled somewhat on the idea £ of those liquor cases whicb, when locked, appeared E to be merely a pentagonal box, but which, when B operated upon by a screw, which runs through the 6 centre, fling out five doors, upon which are hung, B in tempting array, bottles and g/assos. I should E think that bookcases of this description would be B found to bo exceedingly convenient. They take I up a small amount o{ space, and every part of I them can very easily be reached. Napoleon tho First, in the heat of a great battle, was once giving orders to a mounted aidt. de-oamr,' when a shell came surging by, and striking the aide's horse full in the cheat, exploded and blew tho whole concern up bodily— horse, rjijer, sabretache, holsters, bousing, and all. Napoleon who by this time bad grown somewbii callous to sudden oasualities, just moved oat c( the cloud of smoke and fragments of burnt fleab, and, olosinghis field-gloss, made this biiof remsik — ' Ce gredin la n'en reviendra pas,' ' W' beggar will never come back again.' It only by the skin of his teeth that tho Emy®1 ? had himself escaped. He rodo away udhsrm^i and won the fight. A few days afterward) it ohanced that there came limping towards to an officer badly wounded, who took the oppo* ity of hinting that if there were any hopes d® Legion going about, he thought, under corrcetit'i that he was entitled to ono.- ''Who mighty be ?' asked the Emperor. ' Siro,' Teplisd ' maimed officer, who had probably beard of I 0 Imperial epitaph improvised at the time of ' ® shell's bursting, ' Je suis lo gredin qui enfi jeveuu.' ' I am tho beggar who. is cotne agT: ? ? ? '- These cffiil WHOLESALE ? ' nuisances,' said a sauitary reformer, 'at a J like this onght to bo abated.'—' Then, o old single gentleman, « we shall have to M the babies' ?' Como, Tom, it is tten o clock;. I think bad better be going, for i.s time honest olksw at home.' ' Well, yes,' was the reply; ' needn't go, surely, on that account.' by TucjiaT^arUETtK^ Proprietors, Thomas GabuetT and at 'The Im.awabba Juebcu General Letter Press Frhting Offii % °w°^r» cs | tho Market- square, 11 Tuoadftyi^ptewber l.tlii ?' ? . V' I 