THE PROPHECY OF ORVAL. ©brtain . Previsions Revealed bv God - to a Recluse for the Consolation of' the ?- . Children of God. ?? ? . (Continued. ) : The Pope and his government driven from Rome by the revolution on the 24th of Novem ber, 1848 take refuge at Gaeta in the kingdom of ?Naples. On the 10th of December, ai fewdays afterwards, Louis Napoleon, successor of the 1st Napoleon, is elected President of the French Re public. In his message of the 12th of November; 1850, Loui3 Napoleon said : ' Since my last message, our exterior policy has obtained great success in Italy. Our arms have overthrown in Rome those turbulent demagogues, who in all the Italian peninsula had compromised the cause of true liberty, and our brave soldiers have had the signal honour of restoring Pius IX. to the ?throne of St. Peter (1). Pius IX. established a commission of three Cardinals in Rome to govern the Roman States in his name, .and the authority of the Holy See was re-established on the 31st of July 1849. The Holy Father returned to Rome on the 12th of April 1850. On the 10th of May 1859, the Emperor Napoldon quits Paris to take the command of an army in which political .refugees, adventurers, leaders of secret clubs, .deserters from Lombardy Modena and Tuscany, .flock round Garibaldi... The ally- of France in Italy is no longer Piedmont, it is the Revolu tion (2) !. '??...?. ,' . . CONTINUATION OF THE PROPHECY. ', Howl ye sons of Brutus, : call unto you tlie feasts who will devour you. Great God ! what a din. of arms ! A full number of moons is not [accomplished and behold , many warriors come. ?It is done ! The mountain of God desolate, has 'cried, to God, the- sons of Judah have cried to jGod ;'froui a foreign land, and behold God is no longer deaf. , - :. .What fire accompanies his arrows! 10 times ,10 'moons and not yet again 6 times 10 moons have nourished his auger (3). Woe to the great ?city f Bohold kings armed by the Lord, but already fire hath levelled thee with the ground ; yet thy just ones will. not perish, God hath '_ 'heard them. The place of crime ia purged by ~ 'fire, the great stream hath borne its waters to .^he sea all red with blood and Gaul seen as it were dismembered is about to re-unite. .* God loveth peace, come young prince, quit the Isle of captivity; hearken, join the lion to the , white flower ; come. I What is, forseen is the will of God. The old ?blood of ages will again put an end to long divi sions, then one sole pastor will be seen in Celtic .GauJ. i, The man powerful by God will be firmly seated, peace will be established by many sage ,laws. The offspring pi the Cap (4) will be so -'' (1) Hist. Univ. de l'Eglise, T. XXVIII p. 553. 1 (2) Le Second Empire, par A. Dechamps, ^ministre d'Etat. Imprim. de Goemaere. !Bruxelles. p. 31. ? (3) The anger of God is not?an agitation and a troubling of the mind, but a judgment by which he punishes sin. Sfc. Augustin. De civitate Dei, lib. XV. c. 25. (4) Of the Capetian race — 'the Mood of cap. prudent aud wise that God. will be delivered to be with him. Thanks to the Father o£ Mercies, the Holy Sion chants again in her temples to the glory of one only and great God. Many sheep gone astray will then come and drink at the living stream. Three princes and kings will cast off the. mantle of heresy and see distinctly in the faith of God. At this time two thirds of a great people of the sea will return to the true faith. God is yet blessed during 14 times 10 moons and 6 times 13 moons. God is weary with having so often shewn mercy and yet for his elect he will OrolonP ne.1P.fi rlnrirxr 10 t.imoo 19 mnn-na God. alone is great. — The blessings are given, the saints are about to suffer. The man. of sin comes, born. of two bloods. The. white flower becomes obscured during 40 times 6 moons and 6 times 20 moons, then disappears never to appear again. Much evil, hardly any good in those days ; many cities perish by fire. Israel then returns for good to Christ the Lord the ac cursed sects and the faithful are separated into two distinct parts. But it is done ; then God alone will be believed. The third part of Gaul again the third part and a half will be without faith ; as it will also be among other nations. And beholrl Ji.lrfin.ri (\ t,itni-9 3 mnnns and 4 times 5 moons, aud all is separating and the time of the end has begun. After a number not full of moons, God com bats by his two Just ones, and the man. of sin has the advantage. But it is done : the God of all places a wall of fire before my understanding and I see no longer.' . May He be blessed for evermore. Amen. History has then verified these previsions up to the present a course of the most remarkable and and unlooked for events which the world, has . witnessed. Every prediction of the pro phecy or. ? Orval has been accomplished to the letter,, it is not then of diabolical interpretation since demons sometime.s speak falsely. It is the Holy. Ghost alone who never prophecies falsely. 