SOCIAL AND RELIGIOUS LIFE IN GLASGOW. The writer, in the Australasian, of a paper entitled " An Old Colonist's Visit to the Home Country," speaks in the following terms of social and religious life in Glasgow :— " My wife and I saw something of Glasgow society, such an inkling of it as colonial visitors might get, but we experienced in full its free and hearty hospitality, Essentially commercial, Glasgow has, comparatively, little of class or party conventionality. The mercantile order is one ; each member of it has his origin in it, or has glided into it from the ranks beneath ; none claim a higher affinity, and wonderfully well acquainted are the whole with the stand- ing and circumstances of each, the commerce of daily life being a ready sesame to the attain- ment of this important knowledge. Families and individuals, therefore, mingle very readily, enjoy each other's society, spiced, sometimes only, with those temporary and petty scuffles and jealousies, that will interfere with the placid current of social intercourse. "But such ripples and eddies are all within their own caste. There is no other caste. No such lean inheritors of long genealogies as in the refined atmosphere of the neighbouring capital stalk abroad, the ghosts of a family or a name, and superciliously and haughtily turn from people in trade. The landed interests and the professional classes are in a minority in Glasgow, and are compelled to join in the homage which is there paid to commerce, a power which the Glasgowegians all but wor- ship, which underlies all other powers moral and intellectual, and which, sustained by in- telligence and impelled by enterprise, has made its merchants what they are, princes among men. " Yet it is not true that money par excel- lence is the admission-ticket to Glasgow society any more than rank is to the aristocratic, or fame to the literary, none of which requisites are strictly confined to its peculiar sphere, for money, as everybody knows, unlocks frequently the halls of the proud and titled, and accords the entree to the vulgar rich. But if it must be confessed that there is a growing exclusive- ness among the upper ranks, or higher order of merchants and manufacturers, which is creat- ing a dangerous rivalry and emulation, it can at least be said that under the shadow of Gar- net-hill there is not exhibited anyhing of that cringing worship which starvlings of pedigreed races pay to mere wealth ; while there are fre- quently found, at the tables of men of wealth and influence, young men who have just won their spurs, so to speak, or succeeded, by pass- ing through that stern ordeal which candidates for commercial status have to pass, in making a character for themselves, although fortune may have vouchsafed them as yet no favours more substantial. " The characteristics of a Glasgow man are a hearty frankness and bon hommie, combined with a natural and acquired discriminating shrewdness, the one wonderfully serving the other, and completing the character of a first- class man of business. He is at the antipodes of whatever is morose or gloomy. Always full of life and spirit. If bad news has reached him he takes care not to let it slip out. In his warehouse, in Lang's or Forrester's, the celebrated restaurateurs, at his fifteen minutes' forenoon lunch, or in his inner office, where is a cupboard which contains some champagne bottles and a heap of sandwiches, with a customer who has never needed to have his bill renewed, he is ever the same ; and especially so when he has got to his own or his friends' fireside, where all interruption or restraint over, he gives himself up entirely to abandon, and to the full flow of his hearty, jovial nature. And it is entirely generic all this, for the re- cords of Glasgow are, all through, all full of an ever-flowing hilarity, and as we recede, we must confess, of a mirth that was sometimes 'muzzy,' too often, indeed, in over- bibulous days, when fashion sanctioned it, and the practice entailed no curtailment of respectability. " But it is very different now. The baccha- nalian stamp, which was 'about the everyday life and conversation as well as about the literature of the last century,' has disappeared. The reverse is now the mark of good manners, and temperance the requirement of good society. Who could suppose a Prime Minister not ashamed to 'move the House' when he was tipsy now ? or of rum punch or rum toddy being the never-failing accompaniment of sup- per parties ? " In dinners, however, the Glasgow grandees exhibit much luxurious extravagance now a- days ; but it is in refinement and elegance, po- liteness that admits of the utmost ease, and restrains no natural flow of spirits, and is independent of the aid of artificial stimulants in excess. Wine is sparingly drank — one or two glasses of champaigne, sherry once, pro- bably, with hock, Madeira, or claret ; if a whetter to the appetite be indulged in, it is but a toss o' brandy in the tiniest of dram glasses, and only one. " On the retirement of the ladies, the French custom, which is entirely favourable to tem- perance, of having coffee handed round, has become very general. But drinking not being encouraged, the ladies are not long left alone. And then a Glasgow drawing-room against the world for bright, booming, laughing faces — the open, merry countenances of the braw lasses of the wast, and for braw lads in very white waistcoats, who have thrown all the cares and toils of this life to the winds, and are now, as they lounge on settees or move about, firing volleys of small chat, or absorbedly listening to the piano performance, or to those fair nymphs who now join in a duet. What care they for fluctuations in cotton, or for sudden depressions of any market whatever ? Yet are four and five-course dinners, shoals, peculiar to those fast times, which have danger in them. Dr. Strange, in Glasgow and its Clubs, says :— ' The almost total abandonment at the present time of the good old custom of tea-drinking is more to be regretted than perhaps any other that can be mentioned. It was an easy and economical method of of assembling many pleasant people without much previous pre- paration, and without any formality.' And the remark is very sensible. There are a numerous class in Glasgow now, who, ambiti- ous of ascending to a higher portion, are induced, from the necessity which they suppose society imposes, to give dinners that entail no little expense, to the renouncement of social habits to which they have been accustomed, the adoption of those to which they are strange, and, worst of all, the desertion of that humbler circle of friends in whoso company their greatest happiness and pleasure has hitherto been found. " There are still, however, a goodly circle of the quiet and unostentatious who are entirely tea-party people, who never give dinners, but adhere to the more simple and social gathering around the tea-table. According as taste and circumstances rule, these meetings are tea and fruit parties, or tea and supper parties, that is to say, the tea coming first, redolent of cookies, cake, and a variety of light, toothsome things ; the further repast occurs in the course of tho evening, or before separation ; easy chit- chat, with agreeable conversation, music, and song being the staple of the evening's pastime and enjoyment, whioh, among familiar, un- ceremonious friends, is often of a high and im- proving kind. " Less the victims of a passion for ambitious position, and more independent perhaps of that conventional thraldon which at home in many an instance almost compels dinner giving, we in New Zealand yet happily adhere for the most part to the more primitive repast, which often, for the convenience of our friends, is converted into what in Scotland is patly named a touzie tea. And, I am convinced, the longer we confine ourselves to this, and the less we aim at sherry and expensive dinners, the better will we maintain our moral and social equili- brium, and conserve the happiness of our fire- side. " I could wish to refer to the pulpits of the city for additional examples of mental supe- riority. But truth compels me to admit that the majority of the clergy, not as regards piety, but in general intelligence, are, to use a com- mon phrase, under par, in Scotland as a whole, and in Glasgow as only comparatively superior, in so far as the rich and populous capital of the west attracts to itself the best available talent. Religion is by no means at an ebb, and evan- gelical zeal and effort have always been active in Glasgow, as it will be in large towns. The boundaries of social life, which are the mechanic and the merchant, develope a higher form of Christianity than the cold and sparsely cultiva- ted regions which lie between the field labourer and the landed proprietor, and those equally frigid zones that encompass the seats of learn- ing. It was not from London, still less from Oxford or Edinburgh, that the loudest appeal was uttered for the emancipation of the slave. It came with thundering voice from Glasgow, Manchester, and Birmingham, from the town whence our Elihu Burritts and Joseph Peases have sprung ; free- trade, too, being born of a Manchester merchant. " Twenty years ago the pulpits of Glasgow were filled with various men, who had been the earnest coadjutors and followers of those giant in the church — the Haldanes, Rowland Hill, Robert Hall, Mr. Simeon, and the like — who with wonderful zeal had exposed error, and given life and energy to a cold and dead formal- ism. Having this lineage they were a con- necting link, and bore on to their time a gleam of the light they had seen. But these men, Wardlaw, Chalmers, and others, are gone, and to a certain extent with them the pulpit has lost it prestige. There are clerical giants still ; but they are wielding their best weapons (some of them) in the wide and still widening field of popular literature. From deans and bishops to Presbyterian parsons, the very best among them are engeged in the pages of our very diver- sified periodical literature, with a liberally of concession and willingness of adaptation that is highly commendable, seeing that, partly from the way in which the popular current is setting, and partly, perhaps, from certain environments of an ecclesiastical or sectarian kind, the pulpit is prevented from meeting the requirements of the age. " It may be that the middle classes in Scot- land require that the clergy, to duly influence them, be elevated in social position from that which they occupy ; as in England the un- sympathising barrier which the aristocratic constitution and tendency of the hierarchical structure has raised up in a dignified clergy requires to be broken down ere it tells upon the mass of the people. But that question is now foreign to our purpose. The fact simply is, that the Scotch clergy are in attainments behind the times, and that even in Glasgow, out of its many pulpits, only a few can be named as being, in the pulpit, really leading and original men. Two of these I would venture to mention — Mr. Pulsford, of Trinity Congregational Church, and Dr. Norman M'Leod of the Barony — distinct as it is possible to conceive in the structure of their minds, in the style of their oratory, in their physique, yet both original thinkers, powerful preachers, and upon very differently constituted audiences each exerting a marked and emphatic influence, which is all the more to be noticed that it is so different from the stale and reflected or dead light which the majority continue to bring to the illustration of the theme which of all others is of surpassing interest and importance." 