i; .! ;> j INSANITY. ,. j ?It;will Bonrooly bo doniod by tho v few in thia colony,- who havo actually bi in a position to bocome praotioally famil with insanity, that during the last ten twolvo years- a wonderful ohange 3 taken place in its prevalent detnonstrat forms. Whatever may bo tho moral sooial onuses which havo tended to prodi this ohange, there oan bo no doubt of I foot itBolf, that the more violent featu have .become comparatively rare, and tl melancholy, monomania, epilepsy, and tl infirmity of tho mind consequent general paralysis; have increased in a ra to which preoeding periods oan . offer ' parallel, nnd form now the majority of I insane, population of our asylums. 1 'cases of aouto and violent mania'aro I coming less in proportion every year, wb dementia has grown predominant in t same degree, in which tho former have i ceded from their position. Incurables, now appears, are tho grand feature of i sano institutions; and as the greater pi of those, though unfit to bo at large, e perfootly harmless and inoffensive, t I duties of the attendants are more and mc j merging into thoso of warders of a gene; i hospital, with the.disgusting labour supt I added, of dealing with an ii I mense number of mentally imbeoile, dir patients, the moro nnimal vitality of who oan scaraely be imagined or believed/ - .< oourse, in large lunatio hospitals, thora a still very many refractory and dangero patients ; but the grand oharaoteristio of i enduring fury has nearly disappeared fro the wards. The most dangerous lunati now-a- days aro not generally or usual furious, but very often thoso of oalm ar j quiet demeanour, whom delusion hos pe suaded that you aro their enemy and pore ou tor; or those subject to sudden bi transient impulses of aggression, whio they cannot account for or control. Eve the diminished cases of aouto mania ari for the most part, more asthenio than the used to be, running their oouraes lei rapidly, and more frequently terminate in physioal exhaustion, or passing into tl euooessive stages of montai imbeoilit; Depression appears now to be the generi rulo in excitement, and the exception) ins(ano?s are those of animal vigour, ove powering a disproportionate and /eeb] endowmont of brain. In lunatio establishments, we should no' as rarely remark the types, in aspeot, « suoh maniacs as Hogarth and many lon subsequent painters have depioted, as w should see the leglocks, manaoles, an chains which were formerly their habitat modes of restraint. Their inmates, therefore temporarily excited and violent, are nc driven into permanent frenzy by the physi oal suffering they entailed ; nor made rabid rancourous, and revengeful, by wantoi outrages on their feelings; by unneoessar intorferenoo and insulted self-pride, whioh, o' all other things, is the one most fata to the temper of the lunatio. A shor seclusion, without any mechanical appli anoes, is now found effeotual, and tin aggressor, for the most part, comes out pei featly calm and subdued, and seemingly unconscious of his recent excitement ant violence. Far otherwise was it, however some twenty-five or thirty years ago, whei although an improved .system was airead j in partial operation, and its enlightened advocates were earnestly disseminating their doctrines of humanity around; th« provincial receptacles for the insane won the opprobriums of civilisation, and, in man j instances,-would have been a libel on i menagerie or a dog-kennel. The treatment o the inmates was as scandalous from negloot as it was disgraceful for ignoranoo, brutality and unsuooess. They were often but misorable appendices to tho workhouse, and were entrusted to tho medioal oharge of the parochial dootor, a man, probably previ- ously as unacquainted with insanity as any other mere general practitioner, whe sees it but casually in tho course of his professional career, and who only treated thom for any physioal ailment, whioh attaoked them while under his care. If he woro a more than commonly conscientious man, ho visited them for a few moments on his paroohial days of attendance ; but tho many muoh moro frequently took tho word of the master or his subordinates, as ta their condition, and only personally examined them when a cause sufficiently urgent was reported. Woll do we remombor the, sad impression made on us about the period of whioh we aro writing, when roturning from a party in tho town of Shrewsbury, to our then abode near Kingsland, we orossed tho Quarry Ferry, at tho foot of the hill on whioh its House of Industry is so beautifully situated, and as- cending the winding path to the right came upon a short lane, turning sharp to the left, whioh separated tho main building or work- house from a detaohed iron-barred, un- glazed, ' stable-looking den, whioh was allotted to the accommodation of the insane. It was a beautiful moonlight night, betweon 12 and 1, and while the miserable perturbod spirit, of whom we are about to speak,, was giving agonising expressions to his suffer- ings, all without those dreary walls was wrapt in the slumber of peace. To roaoh the common, whore the famous annual show is hold, whioh wo had to oross, our road skirted half round the building, whioh was only Buri banded by a common seven foot wall, enabling the spectator to oommand the upper wlndowB about fifteen yards distant, without moving from the oentro of tho lano ; when just as wo readied its further anglo, after a succession of domoniao yolla, followod by shouts of defianoe, thoro were a. few moments ' of rhapsodical and inoohorent oostaoy, and then a flood of wild maniao oloquonce was poured forth from ono of tho barred upper nperturos, whioh perfeotly astonished and atruok us with awe. Du reaching home, wo notod down, as well as we could, the leading ideas ho oxprossed ; but tho rapidity, tho frightful energy, tho tragio intensity, and ' tho inexpressible pathos of his heart- thrilling tones, no aftor description could oonvey the shadow of it likeness. His history oould not bo ascer- tained, boyond the meagre fuat that ho had been oonfinod thoro about two years, that his hoalth was failing, and though evidently a man of some eduoatlon, was a stranger and vagrant whon scoured. That ho had beon an atrocious.orimtnnl, no ono seamed t doubt, sinae, in his ravings, ho was In-, th habit of apostrophising two or three person as the yiotims ot his savagery and hate. Hi shrieks'and imprecations wera sometimes s terrible, that even tho strong dram drinkin ruffian,'and'the masculine virago,'his wifi who represented tho sole resident, wero ofte atrioken wi tie horror, and wore afraid t . remain'at their posts. We are happy to add, that before we lei 1 that neighbourhood, a large and oommodiou oounty asylum, upon the modern systèrr. and surrounded by suffloiently scoured an safe pleasure and play grounds, WOB orsoto about threo miles - from that abominabl hole, where the patients were properl; superintended, and enjoyed all the propo advantages whtoh thoir unhappy toonditioi demanded. '. ' Through fields of air I wonld away, I < . U. : " Llko swallows skimming merrily ;' . Basking in c»oh warm tunny ray, ',. '. That lights tho world so cherrlly ; ?.., 1 Or like tho eagle, fearless «oar ». Beyond tho koa of human eyes, At dizsy heights, wild tracts explore, -.' - Ot stormy seis or fleecy skies. Oh 1 tho rapture, past all telling, . , The mountains dwindled tl survey, , While tho upper gales Impelling, Urga me on my meteor way. Storms.' through proud rich cities dashing, . Where grandeur scorns chill poverty-" Oome, and In their ruins crashing, Make mo muslo as I fly. Now,' like sea gu'ls, I would seek A lonely island's wave girt rock ; Scream shrilly, as wild waters wreak Th« fury which its strength shall mock. Or, as' tho frantio tempests drear; 1 Ungo howling pail my sheltered nest ; On the while billows orestof fear, . Undaunted, lavo my downy breast. Off, with the Tiger's csger spring, .. - I'd bound afar to rend my prey i .. , ? A foe to ev'ry living thing, That lone, unguarded, crossed ray way. Or, a« tho monarch Lion, scour The regions round Numhlia's plain ( With grim defiance, conscious pow'r. By slaughtered victims, mark my reign. Then, spirit-like, with lightning speed, All tbe vast universe surround ; Mute nature's myst rles daring readt Above, or in thc depth» profound. No rest, no stop, no checking law, 1 ' My rushing motion to restrain, While countless stars, still shone before, A reckless flight I'd still maintain. In vain, alis 1 to dust chained down, I cannot fly my dungeon cell, Where ghastly spectres on me frown, And torturo with infernal »pell. \ They show me evil, make me'thirst To wreak a dcv'llsh malice wild, On all who seorn me ns acoorsed, And wretch, by monstrous climes defiled. Min fetters me in dungeon« bare, Where oft I gnash my teeth with rage { Or else in agony's despair, ^ Batter my head against my cage. To me. the sickly gleams of light, Which flicker feeb'y on the walt, Aro but less hateful than thé'nlght, When demon shapes my soul appal. So foul am I with horrors stain, That shudd'rlng mortals »hun lo sec-» . Eo steeped In sorrow, that my pain, Can added to nor lessened be. Outcast of Heaven 1 Forms of balo ! I should bo richly prized by ye For lo, the very summer gale, My breath pollutes with infamy. Then give me, fiends, who round my bed, Thus oft In hellish conclave throng, -Instilling all those lesion» dread, ? Which led before to awful wrong; . ' - To still this »1eepl«<i, throbbing woe, \ Though hurled to either frosen pole \ Consumo mo in thy fires below, Or lot remorse redoem my soul. One swed blest draught of peace I crave, Before this ebbing life la ocr Ere closes on my guilt - tho grave, Oh wash away the doeds of yore. < In vain, I plead-unpltving glaro Those stony eye balls, fixed as fate, . And see, yon gory ghost lay bare, Eaoh hideous gash »truck home by hate. Oh save mc, save me, hide mo far, From the dread whirlwind's blasting sweep ; ' Give me to fly to some bright star, Or cover mn with Ocean's deep. . . Oh God 1 no caverns gloom profound ,. Can save me from that sword of flame ; Nor in tho firmaments vast round, - - Ia one safe refuge from my shame. Meroy, oh meroy, spare me now - Ah, strike not yet. the fatal blow Avenging angel, smooth thy brow, And yet delay that dart to throw. Ha I hast thou vanished t I nm loft, ' A apace then, longer still to mourn ; To cling to life, of all bereft, And dread tho night, yet loathe the dawn, I am not mad, but through my brain, Conceptions vast and daring rush j My heart is bursting, and In vain, I strive its anguished cries lo hush, I oannot rest on this dull dod, The sport of ev'ry taunting blast, The spurned of man, oondemned of God, And vlotim of the sbsmeful past. Would, would th»t I were triad, indeed, . If dark remembrance ceaao to burn | 1 If phantom eights of bloody deed, With mocking gibes, would ne'er return, Oh madness then, a boon would be, Like infant aongs of lullaby i And thia drear prison »oem to me, A aoeue of bllsiful Araby. .. ^_ANOXIOANTJS. | DKATU BT DnowKiNo. - A correspondent, writing from Coraki, nuder dato Mtb instant ears : - " 1 regret to state that during tho week the residents of Coraki h»TO been thrown into a state of great alarm by the report that a little girl, «ged ten years, sldcet daughter ot Mr. 0. Hammond, matter of the 0, and K. R. f. N. Company'« drogher, Ulmirra, wa« missing.; The dis trossod paront at first sought har child at ono of tho neighbours, but. not finding her there, tho alarm waa siren, and a drag having been obtained from Mr. labaloy, sad to rotate, her body was recovered from tho bsd of the Riebmond Uiver, near tho resldonco of her parents, lifo'belng quito ottinot, Prom tho .timo sho bsd boen in the water any moans for restoring anima- tion would hara been 'utterly futile. Mr. Hammond was from homo at the limo of tb« occurrence, being at Lismore with tho drogher, and on rsoelpt of the sad intelligence was dooply «(looted. It is supposed that tho little girl, whilst amusing herself, with paddling tho boat, hsd fallen from it Into the rlvor, and as sho Wis alone, and no ono within beering- of ber orlar, sho had sunk, and so poriahod. Mr. llammood is well known on the Clárense, being formerly chiof engineer of th« Grafton steamer.-Clarónos Examiner. ? V«nT Nsumt/r Riant,-Edward Woodcock, a wireman, In tho omploy of tho' Eleotria Telegraph Cora pony at Peterborough, recently dreamt that a signal nor near Wakefield had been knooked down, the In- struments destroyed, and à signal-man killed. So Im- pressed was ho by this dream, that next morning ho relatod it to Mr. HatthoWs, tho dlstrlot superintendent, and urgod him to rnako inquiries, Afr. Matthews was on tho point of sending down tho lino when he rc oslvod tho Mowing- massage from Wakefield s "áignnl-box broken down, Inslrumsnts destroyed ) send a nun." Had tho signal man stuck- to his post I Ibo dream would havo boon literally fulfilled by his ( death, ' ' 