STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. OPENING SERVICES. {Concluded from yesterday.) TEA AND PUBLIC MEETINGS. On Tuesday evening tea and public meetings were held in continuation of the opening ser vices. Tea was provided in "White's Rooms, when about 700 or 800 persons, belonging to neaily all the denominations in tne city, sat down. After tea an adjournment was made, for the public meeting, to the church, which was well filled on the occasion. The 229th hymn, "Let us with a gladsome mind," having been sung, prayer was offered by the Kev. Mr. Maughan. His Honor the Chief Jostice, who occupied the chair, then saidIt affords me great, gra tification to be privileged to preside over this meeting, and on this occasion, when we have to celebrate the accomplishment of a work long prepared, and the termination of which has been looked forward to. An occasion like the present is one when we are, necessarily almost impelled to look back on the past and to look forward to the future. It is one of those resting places, so to speak—and yet not precisely a resting-place ; for in one sense there is no rest in our onward progress; but one of those points in our course when we are impelled to look back on the way we have come and to anticipate the course which we have yet to traverse. Looking back, we see a body of Christians who are henceforth to meet for worship in this place. "We seethem few in number, landing upon the then desert shores of this place, associating themselves together under their able and ener getic pastor, to whose memory thi3 place has been erected. "We see them growing with the growth, and increasing with the increase of the colony, gradually spreading themselves into the various portions into which population penetrated, and at the same time remaining a united congregation—the original body for the most part a united congregation around their original pastor. We see a buildinc erected which, when we look at it now in comparison with, what we have since done, we can hardly fancy could have been inspired those feelings with which we know it was regarded. It was then thought almost too costly, too elaborate, too large for the wants and resources of the people. And we see them gradually going on, dropping one, and another, and another in their course, until the place which at first was thought beyond their requirements, and almost beyond their means, is found to be altogether inadequate; and, stimulated by a desire to erect to their departed pastor some worthy memorial, and stimulated also by a desire to dedicate to the science of God, some more worthy building than that in which they had been accustomed to worship, they formed the purpose of building this place, which is now successfully carried out, and the success of which we meet this evening to celebrate. It is impossible in looking back over the past, not to call to mind many of those whom they loved and valued—loved for their kindly virtue—valued for the services they had rendered to the cause of the Church, and to the cause of mankind; valued for their love to God and their love to man, but who have dropped out of the path—whom we, so to speak, have left .behind, but whose loss we deplore, and whose memory we cherish. We deplore these, but both in the contempla tion of the present and in looking forward to the future, we see their places filled by others, and we trust these will continue to be filled so long as God has work to be done in this world, and in which man man can help as a fellow laborer. And though it may seem in one sense hard to say it, we must remember that the loss of those who have gone before is the price which we pay for the presence of those by whom we are surrounded, and to whom we listen. Death and lifearenecessarilyconnected. Onegenerationsuc ceeds another, and there is only room for the suc ceeding generation which comes when the former has passed away. It has been often said; and said truly, that but for the circumstance-of every generation being successively removed by death, there would not even be physical space on the surface of the earth for all those who would be born into it. It appears from this consideration that there is a natural-necessity for death, and hence in respect to thosei to whom I have referred, our feelings of regret are softened by the thought that they are not dead, but that they have only gone before; that they have entered into one of those many mansions of heaven which all the teeming millions of earth will never suffice to fill. The building of this edifice is a symbol of a union which unites the body of Christians which worships here; but it is a symbol also of the differences, the limits and definitions, so to speak, by which they are separated from other bodies of Christians. Just in the same way as this material edifice brings us together in one body when we meet to worship here, just in that way do the professions of faith in which we concur serve as a support of the intellect—a symbol of the 'cpmmpn truths which we recognise, and of the particular form in which we hold them. This point of union'is sheltered from the vague thoughts and aspira tions which otherwise would not form a suffi cient resting place, but just as this building, when we are inside cuts us off from the external world, so these professions of faith in which we agree are necessary for our union to mark the separation between ourselves and all other bodies of Christians. And it is well that we should recognise the importance and value of this. Just as bodies of men meeting for any purpose whatever admit the necessity of a symbol which they should recognise as affording common ground on which to meet and estabiish the foundation of a union which none can dis pute, and which all are bound to recognise, so was it necessary for any body of Christians. While we admit to the fullest extent that we cannot claim to possess the whole of the truth, or even to be absolutely right in those points in which we differ from other bodies of Christians, all creeds necessarily have only a relative value, and there is this character which we almost all bear in common—that those points in which we draw a line of distinction between the different bodies of Christians are precisely those points which every one agree to be of minor importance. Those truths which all Christians hold in common—the truths of the fatherhood of God, the brother hood of men; the necessity of repentance'; the purchase of forgiveness of sins by the blood .of Christ—these and kindred truths in which almost all bodies of Christians agree, are the central truths of Christianity, and they are those which we sometimes have a tendency to obscure by other circumstances; and in order to form a ground of union for. others it is neces sary to draw specific attention to the points upon which we differ. We should therefore remember, while we are here claiming for our selves according to our light the right of dif fusing that light, while we are erecting a building that God may be worshippedin the form we believe to be according to truth, and while we are having a Gospel preached in accordance with what we believe to be the mind of the spirit, that there are hundreds of other bodies who, while differing somewhat ^ from us, are ui ited to a common head; children of the common Father, and all. brethren in Christ. (Hear, hear.) And besides this, we should re member that there is the blue sky and the free air above all, and that although some occupy a limited and isolated position, yet it is not pos sible for any one body to feel sure that they have comprised all in the truths,which they profess. There may be something else to learn or to be done more than has been learned or done by any one of the bodies or by all of, them. We heard a good deal last night of the beauty of light, and the benefit of air in motion. The light of truth, the motion of thought, are equally beneficial, equally necessary. They have their perils as all great natural forces or powers have their perils, but the progress of humanity, the diffusion of truth, the growth of Christian principle, the growth of Christian brotherhood, are indissolubly associated with free thought and with free search for the light of truth. (Loud cheers.) The Eev. C. W. Evan Baid he merely had to introduce his brethren who should, speak that night. He would take that opportunity of say ing that the completion of this building and its occupation for worship were to him the source of great satisfaction and thankfulness. He though^ he might say that the idea of ejecting- ft public building of this kind ip cqnpeotiop with Mr. Stow's memory, originated with himself. For some time before Mr. Stow's death, the question of erecting a new sanctuary was occasionally mooted and discussed by the . freeman-street congregation. Mr. Stow him self expressed a hope that he might see it ac complished; and when the friends at North Adelaide erected their spacious, and perhaps he might say their beautiful church—for it was beautiful 5within—Mr. Stow expressed a hope that that would move the friends of Freeman street to think of something better, and that he might be able to help in erecting a chinch which would cost £10,000. Mr. Stow was taken away, and the people realised more than ever they realised before, the amount of their obligations to God for his long and varied labors for good. (Cheers.) It appeared to him that then was the time to arise and build a me morial church. There was a prevailing feeling . at the' time of Mr. Stow's death that some public memorial—somecostlymonument—should be raised 10 him in the city. "With that many amongst us had no sympathy, believing that it would hardly accord with his life and labors as a minister of Christ, and they thought a more fitting memorial would be a church such as he himself desired to be erected, where the old congregation might worship. On the day of Mr. Stow's funeral he expressed this view to one or two gentlemen, and was encouraged by their sympathy to call together a few friends to confer on the matter. At that meeting it was formally resolved to attempt what had now been accomplished, He could not say that he looked back on that meeting with unmingled pleasure, as the pro mised contributions had not come in as they ought to have done, and they had been drawn into liabilities far beyond what they at first con templated. for they had already spent upwards of £10.000, and the spire, which was to be the | crowning glory of the Church, had yet to be done, and would cost something like £2,000 more. 1'^y had received help from the friends of other churches, but not more than they had hoped to recoive. Their best friend out of the i colony had been the Eev. Thos. Binney, of London, who, at great personal trouble, had collected and forwarded a noble sum. From Tasmania they had one contribution of £100; • from New South Wales one or two small dona- 1 tions, and a valuable contribution from the ladies of Pitt-street Chapel to the bazaar. From their rich sister Victoria they had received nothing till they received Mr. Henderson, on the prin ciple, he supposed, that Victoria to do anything must do something great. (Laughter and cheers.) He wished Mr. Henderson a continuance of health and strength and the realization of his hopes of usefulness in the centre where he was laboring. They had receivedhelp from others, but thebulkof the work had devolved upon them, as, indeed, it deserved to do. The balance against them would have been considerably reduced but for the great commercial depression which had existed in the colony. He expressed his admiration of the zeal and devotion of the ladies. They had worked hard with their fingers, their tongues—(laughter)—and their pockets, by bazaars, and sales, and collections, and they had worked with gratifying results. It might seem invidious to make distinctions where all were so devoted, but he could not forbear men tioning what had been done by one lady mem ber of the Church. It occurred to her that she could help the building fund by the manufac ture and sale of little articles of luxury—tomato sauce—andhe had bad the pleasure of handingto the Treasurer as the proceeds of that the noble sum of 50 sovereigns. (Loud applause.) He mentioned this in order that Mr. Henderson might carry the fact with him to Melbourne. (Laughter.) He believed with a continuance of such devotion the debt would I not long be an encumbrance to them. As the building approached completion he could not help asking whether it would do its practical J work. Buskin had said two things were re quired of a building—first, that it would do its practical work; and second, that it would do its practical work gracefully and welL As to the graceful character of that building he had I not heard two opinions expressed, and he j thought it would do its practical work well. The • acoustic properties were exceedingly good—(hear, hear)—notwithstanding that he received many prophetic warnings from his ministerial brethren that he was done as a preacher. He had also seen a news paper report in a London paper, stating that the minister of the] old place would never fill the new church with his voice. He spoke, how ever, now without difficulty, and when the building and himself came to a mutual under standing he thought he should be able to send intelligible sounds to any part of it. (Cheers.) He had, however, never felt much anxiety on this point, and indeed he could truly say that he had as little ambition in this-movement as in any movement in which he bad ever taken pUrt. He felt it was a work which needed to be done, and that if he had not physical strength suffi cient to continue the work, others'would !be found whom God would appoint to do the work. He looked on the erection of that sanctuary as s great thing accomplished for the future, and he was pursuaded that God would by some means carry on his work there. Some friends found fault with them for retaining the pulpit, but he considered it part of the furniture of such a building as that, and whilst Mr. Henderson had' a sense of confinement and restraint in a pulpit, he (Mr. Evan) liked a pulpit, for it gave him a'i sense of security—(laughter)—and liberty. He expressed his deep thankfulness to his minis-^ terial brethren of his own and other denomina tions, who had. kindly consented to take part in the opening services, or had favored them with their presence. A minister remarked to him the other day, that that'ought to be called the Amen Corner, for there were so many places of worship near at hand; but let them hope that this local asso ciation of the churches was only a type of what should exist, a prophecy of what should be—a drawing together of aB those who loved the Lord Jesus Christ. (Applause.) Mr; T?jds. GBA.VES,the Treasurer, was called upon to. read a financial report. He said the land cost £1,000, and the first contract for the erection of the church was £7,650. The second contract for the erection of that portion of the tower as it now stood was £525; the pewing, pulpit, platform, fur niture, and other fittings, would be in round numbers, say—£1,000; the erection of sheds, outbuildings, and fencing, would be about £275." The architect's commission on £9,000 would be £450, of which he had generously pre sented £100 to the funds. (Cheers.) There were'sundries also amounting to about £100, making a total of £10,900.' They had received in donations, cash, £6,025; promises out of the colony amounting to about £100. They had a mortgage of £3,000 at 10 per cent., and the balance that they wanted, independent of the mortgage, was £1,775. Out of this they had £22 to their credit in the Bank, and the proceeds of all the opening services. This, however, was not the whole amount they had to spend, for he for one would not be satis fied till the spire was finished, and a dwarf wall and iron palisading put up in front. .-(Applause.) These things .would cost about£2,000, Some persons thoughttheywerenot juatified-in going to so much expense in building a costly structure, but it would be remembered that they placed in their assets the old place, which they valued at £1,500. _ They had, how ever, since determined to retain the old place in their possession. "Wishing, however, to make the old place yield something, they had leased the old building to Mr. J. L. Young, for the purposes of his school on a lease for five years, at £150 per annum. This would pay about half of the mortgage, and in addition to this they had the use of the old schoolrooms for the purposes of the Sabbath-school. He alluded to the care and attention and trouble which the Committee, or about 10 or 12 of the Committee, had taken in the building of this Church,remarkingthat whilst economical they had sought to make that Church as neat and durable as possible, and worthy of the name it bore. (Applause.) The Choir then sang the chorus " Reioice in the Lord." Tbe Rev. J. Jefferis moved—"That this meeting would devoutly acknowledge the measure of divine blessing vouchsafed to the labors of the Church since its organization by the Rev. T. Q. Stow in the year 1837, and would earnestly pray that its occupation of this memorial sanctuary may be' the means of en larging itsusefulness, andadvancingtheinterests of our common Christianity." He remarked that the Rev. Chi rles Manthorpe was to have moved this, but he was unable to attend, owing to domestic bereavement, and he had been " 1 place. Ife was glad of i interesting occasion of ^ ^ . . .,n><my, ^t)d offering his public tribute to him whose memory was hallowed in all their hearts. He did not think that the membsrs and congregation of that Church were more indebted to Mr. Stow than was the Church at North Adelaide, whose representative he was. They told him that for 10 long years, in spite of misgivings and scarcely a single hope, Mr. Stow labored to establish a Christian com munity of their faith and order in North Ade laide. They knew he was successful so far as the commencement of the enterprise was con cerned. He watched over its infancy with a jealous and a discerning care, and they told him in Sydney, which city he visited shortly after Mr. Stow's death, that it was one of the chiefest consolations of his dying hours that he had been permitted by God to do that work. He there fore thought that Thomas Quinton Stow had two memorial churches in Adelaide. He had intended that night to offer a graceful tribute to his friend Mr. Evan, and tell him that tbat Church was the most beautiful in tbe city; but now he wouldn't—(laughter)—because of that ungracious "perhaps" by which he had referred even to the beauty of the interior of the North Adelaide Church. He would simply give them the testimony of Alexander Hay about it, and he was a man in whose judg ment and taste they would rely. Mr. Hay told him, after a visit to England, that he had seen all the new Churches ,in London, but he found none equal in beauty to his. (Cheers, and laughter.) Perhaps, however, Mr. Evan referred only to the exterior, and there he would yield to him, but when their building was finished, and the topmost stone of the cupola laid, per haps opinions might change, even, in respect to which was the most beautiful Chapel in the city. (Hear, hear.) There was one point of beauty about their church which the Stow Me morial Church had not, and that was that it was out of debt, or would be in a month. (Ap plause.) But he must revert to the motion. The mere fact of entering on that beautiful and spacious sanctuary was an indication of pro gress. Those of them who were associated with their departed brother or father, Mr. Stow, when, he first came to the colony, might remem ber—as, however, he did not, hut he had been told—how in a building almost of reeds and clay they first worshipped God. Then there came that sanctuary that they had now left, which as he had just passed seemed, with all its lights extinct, to he bewailing the past. At the time it was built it was considered a very beautiful sanctuary, but the time came when, on accouut of Mr. Stow's memory, and on account of the interests of the congregation, it became them to arise and build. They had now reared that costly and beautiful edifice, and if he had said any hard things about the Gothic style he was willing now to retract them, or very considerably modify them. (Cheers.) He opposed this style of building, however, fearing that the acoustic properties would not be good, for there were Gothic buildings in the city in which these pro perties were very deficient. There was certainly a good deal of appropriateness in the style of that interior for Christian worship. It reminded one a little of the mediaeval sort of worship, but he confessed that he liked his interior better than that one—(laughter)—and Mr. Henderson, who was an adherent of the Gothic style, had seen it, and perhaps would say what he thought of it. He had said that the entering into that sanctuary was an evidence of progress, but it was not by _ architectural beauty, nor by the gathering of imposing con gregations, nor even by the multiplication of Church members, that the true index of a church's prosperity was to be measured. There was something deeper than all these. He believed that Church from the commencement had proclaimed to the city and province those principles of religious liberty which it behoved them most firmly to maintain, especially now, in the presence of the revival of the hierarchical power. (Hear, hear.) Spiritual results had been gathered in. Many had passed away into their rest who had borne with them into heaven the fruits of the teaching and worship of earth. Progress had been made even until now, and at no single era of its history had it ever been more prosperous than at present. It became them, especially those belonging to that church and congregation, to acknowledge devoutly the Divine blessing which had been vouchsafed to the labors of that church. It was now just 30 years since it was established—the lifetime of a generation—and during that period great pro gress had been made. The resolution also prayed that the occupation of the memorial sanctuary would be blessed with enlarged use fulness. He trusted and believed it would be so blessed. He hoped that worship, elevated by the highest and truest piety, would con stantantly be maintained there; but this could not be without seeking from on high the blessing of God. The spirit of the Lord alone could bless them, and to this .they looked. But would the inte rests of their common Christianity be advanced by this new sanctuary ? There was a great deal of sectarianism amongst them. They cried out for their isms, and were perpetually seeking the enlargement of the points of their particular community, too often losing sight of their com mon Christianity. He trusted this would never be the case there, but that with broad and com prehensive language the principles of the Bible would be perpetually maintained, and that the teaching which their departed brother Mr. Stow so eloquently maintained during the whole of his life would be constantly expressed there. Might never a word be uttered from that pulpit which savored of dogmatism. Dogmatism, daughter of darkness, was grandchild of the devil, and its influence needed tohe put far more away from Christian congregations than was the case at present. Rather let them he reverent and humble seekers for the truth. He most heartily wished them immeasurable prosperity. The Rev. Jno. Gardner seconded the motion. He expressed his delight at the accomplishment of that great work, for there was in the erec tion of that church a very grateful remem brance of one »vho had passed away. He thought that church well adapted to subserve the ends for which it had been erected. The resolution referred to the past as well as the future, and he was sure that they would agree with him that the congregation at Freeman-street bad had in the past the light and the shades. They had had their trials and difficulties, as no one knew better than their departed friend. He held that the prosperity of a church did not consist in the fact that ail rhe pews were taken, or tliat all the pews were occupied from Sabbath to Sabbath. There might be all this, and yet there might be no truespiritualprosperityina church. N6w,lookat the past history of Freeman- street Church. The Gospel had been fully and faithfully preached by him who had now entered into his rest and reward; but ■ there were occasions when perhaps some of the mem bers were zealous overmuch, and obtained little sympathy from the pastor or the deacons, and these parties went forth into some more congenial atmosphere. He looked upon it as one of the surest symptoms of spiritual pros perity in a Church when some of its members were disposed to go out of it. He then, pro ceeded.to remark how by the going forth of members from Freeman-street, Congregational Churches were formed at High- street, Kensing ton, at Clayton Chapel, at Hindmarsh-square, at North Adelaide, and at Hindmarsh; and the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, he said, would have been nowhepe but for Freeman street. (Cheering.) Judging a Church by the standard of the dJffusingiightwhichitpossessed, he thought Freeman- street Church occupied the highest position of any Church in the land. (Applause.) Some of the members from Free man-street came to Chalmers Church, but whe ther the Scotch accent was too much, or the theology too stern, or the descriptive too severe, or-whether they sometimes got the honest truth there, plainly told, they did not remain long with him, and when they left he:felt quite relieved. (Loud laughter.) He said a Church was only in a right aondition when sending forth members to found other Churches in destitute localities. They read that the apostolic Churohes had rest—-not the peaoe of death ; not the rest of slothfulness nor self satisfaction with their own deeds, but rest in the which they walked in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, and were multiplied. The motion, he said, was hopeful, as it looked forward to the future. He trusted that in the highest and holiest sense many would go forth from that Church into distant destitute localities, and there by their own agency at first. begin Christ's work. He trusted, too, that Mr. Evan might have bodily strength and vigor given to him. There _ certainly was no intellectual weakness about him, but he hoped his want of physical strength would be 'oyer! ruled for making him even more' successful in the Master's 'work. 'Mr. Gardner t^ien play fully alluded to the bubistars, being 'weakly rather than vigorous, for t^ey got more sympathy than those who were in vigorous I health, although tlicso sometimes required it quite as mucli. He concluded by wishing that the richest spiritual blessings might attend the Church in this new sanctuary. (Applause.) A collection was then made. The Rev. A. M. Henderson was then called upon to speak, and he was warmly received. He said he had already occupied a great deal of their time on previous occasions. He must, however, express his very great pleasure at being present at these delightful services. He had heard very much of the praises of South Australia, and during his short stay in Adelaide he had discovered the fact that there were more costly sanctua ries in Adelaide than in any equal area that he remembered, He said he should avoid the battle of the styles of architecture. The church which, was being built for him in Mel bourne would be of the later Italian style, and the interior would be very much like a theatre. He saw not why the devil should be allowed to take architecture under his own protection. In a theatre actors' throats never got out of order, and why should God's ministers be rendered hoarse because of the un suitable character of the buildings in which they had to preach ? He intimated his dislike for a pulpit, which gave him a feeling of restraint and pain. He would not enter into the ques tion of the relative beauty of that church and North Adelaide Church, but he would simply say that that church was one of the most beau tiful in character upon which he had ever looked. (Cheers.) He expressed his gratifica tion at meeting their pastor, Mr. Evan. Years ago he heard of him, when Mr. Binney' in formed him that he was one of the most ta lented men and accomplished speakers that he had ever met. He was thankful, too, to the kind friend who was affording him the kind hospitality of his house, aud he should go back to Melbourne with a deep feeling that there was a heart in tlie people of South Australia, and that while they were quieter than the Vic torians, there was goodness in their quietness. He said he had been thrown upon the mercy of circumstances around him for making a speech, but his thoughts had been tending towards the subject which was treated of on Sunday after noon, and which was also touched upon in Mr. Evan's address on Friday evening. A good many seemed to think that there was great danger to the Christian life from the con current streams of rationalism on the one hand and ritualism on the other. After alluding to superstition and infidelity as going hand in hand, he spoke of the rise of ritualism. The seeds of this development he said were sown long ago, and what were these seeds ? Wherever the State supported a Church, wherever the Church relied upon the arm of flesh for assist ance so long would they find the continuance of such a state of things as was now affecting England, and through England spreading into other communities. They all knew, too, how much scepticism laid in the hearts of men. The heart was often in rebellion to God, and in Englandpersons who to a largeiextent weremisin formed were continually writing when they thought they had found out something wrong in the Old Book which they thought they were bound to reject. Thus it was that superstition drove men into scepticism until at last they rushed from scepticism over to Borne itself in order to find some rest for their weary souls. But was there anything to dread in this move ment ? Oh, no. As one who had to do with the education of young men, he of course bore testimony against this falsehood which was sought to be brought in, but he did not fear it, for he had ascertained that whenever these things had their full development it had been side by side withadevelopment of another order. He then succinctly glanced at the changes through which religious thought passed in the reigns of Henry VIII., Edward VI., Mary, Elizabeth, James I., and Charles I.,showing how ritualism had successfully developed itself, and then retrograded, and how by the very out growth of ritualism, a mightier development showed itself in Puritanism. He showed what a glorious effect Puritanism had had in the foun dation of the American colonies and the spread of religion there. Then, again rationalism first appeared in England in 1624, Lord Herbert being the first English rationalist, and publish ing the first book. Hobbs, of Malmsbury, another rationalist, published the second infidel book in 1646. At this very time, however, John Eliot, the pastor of the Puritan colony, started upon his mission to the Indians of Virginia, and commenced those glorious missions which had reflected glory upon the English race. Kationalism had become a full-blown de velopment, but what was there on the other side? Why, they counted their missionary societies by scores, their missionaries by thou sands, their converts by hundreds of thousands. The continent of America, which at the time referred to was a small colony, was now a country which built many churches, supported many ministers, carried on large educational establishments, and was creating a literature which would vie in some respects with the literature of England. Such, then, were the results springing out of the same time. They need not, then, be afraid, but they could look with calmness upon the advancing of these forces, knowing that it was an advance towards destruction when the Christian heart of the people rose to do its own true work. (Applause.) There was another topic which had been men tioned that evening, namely, what constituted the true prosperity of a. Church. Looking forward, as he was, with fear and trembling, to entering upon a church far larger in proportion than that one, this question of the true prosperity of a Church touched his heart. As he had contemplated the congrega tions which had assembled in that building he had been impressed with the wondrous future in relation to one portion of their adherents—he meant the young. He was not old, but even if he were, he should ever feel the deepest interest of his heart in the young; and if he had one desire stronger than another it was to see the young won to the Lord Jesus Christ. He then proceeded to address the young in solemn and affectionate terms. He told them that that building had been reared, not for those who had contributed most towards it, but for them. The generations were passing away, and how sad it would be if the young whom he was addressing should pass away and leave behind them nothing superior to themselves. Their advantages were far greater than those which their fathers possessed, but these advantages seemed to add a fascination to what was called pleasure—worldly pleasure. They might say there was time enough yet, and that they did not want old heads on young shoulders; but he counselled them if they wanted young hearts and young heads when they became old they should put on the old heads now. Many a man of 80 and 90 years of age had a fresh and young spirit, whilst many a youth became a wreck and was ruined. He referred, them to the bitter experiences of such worldlings as Thomas Moore and Byron, as recorded in their own verses, and said verily every man who tried the pleasures of the world found how true were the words of Edmund Burke "What shadows we are, and what shadows we pursue," There were no such lamentations or bitterness heard from the Christian, for looking back upon his life he saw it irradiated with the Divine smile, and looking forward he anticipated a life of infinite glory and joy at God's right hand. Let them abandon their eir sin and yield themselves unto God, and then there would be no want of wor shippers in that and other sanctuaries, with this thought he was carried for ward to the time when thousands of thousands of people should be peopling this | land, ennobling it with their deeds, and leading on souls to eternal felicity. With regard to the true prosperity of a Church, wealthy offerings would not give it, and crowded pews were not an evidence of it; but it was when multitudes of converts were_ found rising around the ministers of Christ; when the salvation of Christ was accepted by those to whom it was preached that the true prosperity of a Church was attained. He then descanted upon that marvellous expression in the epistle of James—"Save a soul from death." He could not grasp either the horrors implied in the death or the happiness which was bound up in the salvation, but this work of saving souls frpm death was the true work of the Church. He urged the parents and the young whom he was addressing to do that work which was nearest to them—to do it' ip' their, homes, and amongst their families and Relatives. There was a c|ay coming to all 'jn' that audience when £he eye should he dim and the ear clos.ed, p.qt ip that' qay, next to the joy of heing saved, would he the thought that they had won some other soul. When this earthly scene was over, when all things here had passed away, and his body was laid in the tomb, he would rather have carved upon the rudest stone by the baud of gratitude, the words "he saved a soul from death," than rest under the most costly mausoleum which had ever been reared. He should like to leave that as his last word with them. They must go to live and act, and be should go to live and act in another place. They might never meet again, but they would meet at God's bar. God help them so to live that that meeting might be one of gladness. The rev. gentleman, who was deeply affected during his earnest appeal, resumed his seat amid applause. An anthem was here sung by the choir. The Rev. Jas. Maughan was then called upon, and said they had one simple duty to discharge ere departing. They had had five excellent addresses—one on history, another on finance, a third on architecture, a fourth on spiritual prosperity, and a fifth on spiritual prosperity and ritualism, and now they had to complete the work by a crowning act of grati tude. He had to move that a vote of thanks be given to the ladies especially. He was glad to know that they were indebted to no small extent to the ladies for the erection of that elegant structure. _ They had, he understood, done much both 'with their fingers and their tongues. (Laughter.) He had also to move that the meeting's thanks be presented to the Chief Justice for presiding on that occasion. He was certainly deserving of their warmest thanks, for he was ever ready to assist a good cause. He likewise had to move that their thanks be given to the choir, whose music had been all that could have been desired. "With these few remarks he would propose that a vote of thanks be given to the ladies, the Chairman," and the choir, for the effective services so heartily rendered; The Rev. Wm. Harcus seconded the proposi tion, which was carried by acclamation. The Chief Justice said he had a brief but pleasant duty to perform in acknowledging the vote of thanks. He was sure that the ladies, the choir, and himself fully appreciated the kindness with which they had received and acknowledged such services as they had ren dered. (Cheers.) The doxology having been sung and the bene diction pronounced, the proceedings of this highly interesting series of meetings closed. | The total proceeds of all the services are believed to be about £300. j 