The Nobelist. GRANTFORD GRANGE. CHAPTER XXIV. MAGAR MAKES A DISCOVERY. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. IMAGIN a tailor's fashion plate warmed into life by some modern Pygmalion, and you might fancy it moving and talking as Hagar did. All the exquisites who ever lived were fairly out- done. And this perfumed elegant took a grand fancy to Sim. Blix—became, in fact, intimate ' with him before dinner was orer, to the great I amazement of Mrs. Gurnsey, who became more and more convinced that she had made a great mistake when she fancied Mr. Blix no gentle man. The days passed on. Mr. Johnson was often in Mr. Blix's apart ment, smoked many a cigar, and sipped many a glass of wine with him. The latter gentleman was remarkably communicative, especially about his marriage, which was to take place as soon as Misa Osprey was out of mourning. " Yon know, of course," he said, ?it ant the genteel thing for weddings to take place within a year after a funeral in the family, and Fm willing she should have her way yet awhile at least." Then he rambled on about her brother, his best friend, and the Grange and its belongings, but not one word that Hagar, watching intently despite all her acting, could construe into an indication of any knowledge of the whereabouts of her lost boy. A week brought her no nearer to any secrets Sim. might hare. Tet she discovered some thing. fie received some letters which he carefully guarded from observation—letters addressed in a vulgar hand, and adorned by dirty smudges < as of thumbs. These he looked up in a little escritoire in his own room, and always carried the key about with him. Hagar watched for an opportunity to investi gate the contents of this piece of furniture, but in vain. Sim. was very wary, and never left keys or letters laying about. One morning Mr. Johnson's bell rang vio lently, and the girl who answered it, after some conversation, ran down to tell her mistress that Mr. Johnson had lost his keys, and couldn't dress until he found them, or some others to fit the locks of closet and bureau. The landlady sent up all in her possession, but none would open the doors and drawers, and the anxious inquirer was in despair. "Where'sMr. Blix?" he asked. "Perhaps he'd oblige me." " Oh, what a pity. He went out an hour ago, and said as be was goin' to some place out of town, he wouldn't be back to-night," replied the girl. This was what her listener desired to hear. In a minute another question was asked by the lounging exquisite in dressing gown and •Uppers. " I say, do you know of any locksmiths, or people of that sort, about here, Betsy ?" " Bless you, Mr. Johnson, I don't know what I've been thinking of not to speak of it. There's one of them tinkers down at number forty a mending a kettle. I saw him when I took the milk, and if he ant gone, he's likely to have keys ; they generally do, on a great ring, you know." "Aw, do they, weally ?" said the person ad dressed. " Well, bwing your tinker, Betsy, and before you go, let's have a kiss." "Go 'way, sir," cried Betsy. "I do wonder. I sha'n't; there, now. Kiss, indeed!" and away she flew, blushing to the eyes, to bring the tinker from number forty. Soon she returned. "This here's the room." she said. "The gentleman that's lost his keys is inside," and a knock sounded on the door. J " Come in, aw, come in, do," cried the occu- j pant of the apartment, in his daintiest drawl; and in an instant Aaron Had entered the room. Both figures —the elegant, lounging one upon the sofa, and the soiled and sooty one beside the door —where turned for a moment into statues. When the first surprise was over, Aaron entered and locked the door be hind him. " Hagar," he said, with his voice suppressed to a whisper, " did you send for me ? Did you know I was near you ?" He almost hoped she had, but the gipsy wife did not even understand the feeling in her husband's breast. She only answered: " No. How should I guess you were here, Aaron ? Why did you come ?" « To the house, or the city ?" " The city, of course." " I came to be near you, I think," said the gipsy. " Well, well," said Hagar. «« After all, I'm glad you are here just now. I couldn't trust every one. I don't want a key to my bureau. I want to open this door when I choose. Simeon Blix has the room on the other side. You understand. Now go to work." The gipsy hesitated for a moment. He looked at his wife intently, and seemed half in clined to refuse, but after a second consideration of the request, put down his burdens, and began to pick from the ring such keys as seemed most likely to fit the lock. Hagar looked on with an interest the strength of which was expressed plainly upon her hand some face. " You surely have one ?" she said, " Yes, yes; never fear," replied Aaron. "If jou want one I'll find it somewhere, whether I have it here or no. But look you, Hagar, I'm afraid you may get yourself into trouble. Opening locks is no lipht matter, if it comes to law." Hagar laughed. "No one shall ever know unless you tell them," she said. "I haven't lost my wits yet." " Nor your beauty, Hagar," said the gipsy. " You look handsomer than I ever saw you, with all your lad's dress. How I've wanted to see you, girl. The grass never wanted rain in summer more." Hagar made no answer. She thought only of her lost child, and felt angry at the delay which any interchange of words occasioned. " Make haste," she said, after a few moments, " Every minute is precious." And Aaron went back to his keys with some thing very like a sigh. Perhaps, had Hagar known the strength of Aaron's affection, she might, even at that mo ment, have valued it more. As it was, she re garded her husband just then only as one who might bo useful to her. She watched him as she examined the keys, stamping her little foot and biting her red lip, and listened more and more impatiently as he spoke again. " Hagar, that brother of yours is more than a match for you." "Don't call him my brother," said Hagar. "There's none of my mother's blood in his veins." I " You know who I mean," said the gipsy, " He's wary and wily—sly as a possum. He may play dead and be afive. While you are I plotting against him he may be plotting against , you, and make you rue any trap you set for I him ; that is, if he knows about the little lad. I doubt it myßelf." He stooped over his keys as he made that last * assertion to hide the face which might betray 1 him; but he might .have spared the pains, for Hagar was not looking at him. Impatient and anxious, she began to pace the floor, and only paused when Aaron arose from his knees and beckoned her. " IVe found it," he said. And hastily advancing, Hagar saw the key he had fitted to the lock turn easily and noiselessly beneath his hand. The next instant the door stood wide open, giving a full view of Sim.'s apartment. The husband and wife stood looking at each other in silence. Hagar breathed fast; the gipsy Beemed to listen like a haw. Then the woman's lips came close to his, and she whis pered: " I want another key. That piece of furni ture hides every letter Sim. receives. His se crets are there if they are anywhere." It came into Aaron's head once more, as he stood hesitating on the threshold, that this wo man actually had more than human knowledge of events—that no power could hide from her whatever she sought to know—and he yielded to her mandate with a dark presentiment that he was sealing his own fate. He knew what gipsy love and gipsy hate could do, and felt as sured that if this part in her boy's adbuction were discovered, some fearful fate awaited him. For Sim. he felt no pity. He had been his tempter on that night—his tempter in other evil deeds aforetime,-—and he felt that what ever Hagar might see fit to do to injure him he had well earned. "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth" is a maxim the gipsy tnows by practice if not by precept. With soft-shod feet that made no sound on the thick carpet, he crossed the room, knelt down before the escritoire, and did his work skil fully and deftly. Key after key was tried in vain, but at last the right one was in the gipsy's fingers. The soft click of the lock told Hagar this, and she met Aaron as he came softly back to her side with a brilliant smile. There are not many husbands in the " first society" of Christian communities whose wives' smiles so thrill them through and through as this of Hagar's did the tinkering, thieving gipsy. Obeying his warm impulse, he caught her to him and kissed her red month passion ately ; and she, grateful for his service, kissed him again. "There, there," she said. "Now go. Be member to speak to me outside, if you speak at all, as though I where what I look like* Good-bye." " Good morning, sir," said the gipsy, as he passed through the door into the entry without, i "It's been a troublesome job, but Fm glad I've suited you at last. Good morning, sir and thank you." j And with his jingling keys over his arm, and bis tinker's furnace at his back, plodded away behind the housemaid, who, with little faith in the general honesty of tinkers, watched him well out of the house and locked the front door after him. Sre this was accomplished Hagar was bend ing over Sim.'s escritoire. It was full of papers and letters—business do cuments, receipts, memoranda, etc. Ivery thing was neatly tied up and marked, and no thing appeared which was in the least mysteri ous, save something very like a love-letter, which enclosed a lock of red hair tied in a true lover's knot. Hagar spent at least two hours in the perusal of the documents, and at last had arisen with the belief that her labor was in vain, when, in a little recess, she espied three letters in soiled envelopes, directed to Mr. Simeon Blix in a coarse hand, and adorned by divers blots and splashes of ink. Determined to leave nothing unread, she opened the first one. It contained only these words: " Beceived of Mr. Blix, twenty-five dollars in advance." She opened the second. The words were identically the same, save that the date was one month later. In the third, dated only the day before, was the receipt: but it finished with these words: " Mr. Blix, I shall be at Albany before you have time to send again. I've got a proposition to make, that, considering what you said, will most likely be agreeable to you. Yours, respect fully, «« Pbtbb Gingeb." Hagar i-ead them through, laid them back in their nook as they had been before, re-locked the escritoire, and went back to her own room to ponder on the chances that these letters—or rather these receipts—had anything to do with Otho's disappearance. The only reason she had for thinking so was the fact that the date of the first was that of the day on which her child was stolen from her. The more she thought, the stronger her suspi cions grew, until at last they touched very closely on the truth, and she decided this man, whoever he might be, recevied money from Simeon for the concealment of her child. When this belief took possession of Hagar's mind, all the soft brightness left her great black eyes, and they glittered as though a red coal lay in the depths of each—the fierce, blood thirsty orbs of an angered tigress. For a while she paced her room, as one of these splendid but ferocious creatures might her cage, and it was well tliat Sim. was not within reach of those beautiful brown hands, for they could willingly have torn him limb from limb in their fury. At last, however, the more crafty elements ' of her gipsy nature g*ined ascendancy, and she began to consider her plans more coolly. At present she could prove nothing. It was all guess work. All she could do was to wait until the man who had written to Sim. made his ' appearance. i Then, if she died for it, she would overhear ' their conversation, and know all that could be learnt by it. Meanwhile she would watch— crouching for her spring. Those who saw the dainty, delicate dandy I who lounged in Mrs. Gurnsey's parlor, or trifled | with the viands at her table, for the next two weeks, would have been amazed could they have learnt the truth—could they have seen standing before them the gipsy mother, in the > full torrent of her rage and longing. It was well for her t&at; ahe had not much longer to watch and wait. One day, when the boarder* wen assembled in the general parlor, tome one inquired for Mr.Blix. "A stoat gentleman, sir," laid the girl who brought the message; and he says his name is Ginger." Sim. rose in some trepidation. "Show him to my room," he and. ITI be there directly." And nerrously tossing the end of a cigar he had just finished into the fire, walked out of the parlor hastily, to 'prerent the excellent Mr. Ginger from walking in. Before the creaking of feet on the staircase had died away, Mr. Johnston had sauntered from the room also sauntering idly enough while eyes were on him, but the moment the door had closed resuming the natural fleetness of the gipsy woman's step, and actually flying up the staircase. So that Mr Blix had scarcely ushered his guest into his own apartment, before Hagar knelt beside the keyhole of the adjoining room, ready to watch and listen. Her heartbeat wildly, but she froze herself into a statue, and hardly allowed her breath to ebb and flow in her dread lest it should drown some precious word. The first was uttered by Sim. j '< Hare a glass of brandy, Mr. Ginger ?" j "Thankee sir," replied that gentleman—"l don't care if I do. Talking is dry work." Then there was a chinking of glasses; then a smell of cigar smoke. Would they never come to business ? Hagar uked herself. Or had she been idiot enough to faney some secret between these two when there was in reality nothing but some ordinary transaction P " Fine liquor this," said Ginger?" " Tolerable," answered Blix. He was in no hurry to come to the point, which he expected he would find to be an ad- Tance in the circus manager's demands upon his purse. The man himself was pondering on the proba-* bilities of success or failure. He had not fathomed Mr. Blix yet. At hut he spoke: " Surprised to see me, I guess," he said. " No," said Mr. BKxj "you wrote, you know.* " Yes," replied the manager. "I had a mind to say what I had to say in that letter. But you advised caution, and caution was my motto. No black and white about it, says you, and I stuck to that. I came here on purpose to ate you." "Ah!" said Sim. "On purpose," said the manager. "You're paid what we agreed to reglar aad gentlemanly so far." "Yes," said Sim. " Yes," said Mr.!, Ginger; "yes, of course." Then he cleared his throat. " The fact is, Mr. Blix, if you don't choose you needn't erer pay me another cent. I deal honest with people. I might cheat you, but I won't." "What on earth do you mean?" asked Siaß. Mr. Ginger coughed again. "As gentleman to gentleman in bis own private apartment," he said, "what doyo«say to answering one question up and down ?" " What it the question P" asked Sim. Mr. Ginger cleared his throat again, took a glass of brandy, and said slowly: "Well, are you fond of him?" "Fond of whom ?" asked Sim. " The boy," replied Mr. Ginger. At this Hagar trembled like a hd. She al most sunk beneath her excitement. " The boy!" Surely her suspieione were cor rect. She listened more intently. Sim* an swered: " I don't care two straws about him." " Then you wouldn't mind losing has.?" asked the manager. Sim started to his feet. "Is he dead?" he asked. "No," replied Mr. Ginger. "I thought that would be too good luck,' said Sim. • • Has he run away ?" Mr. Ginger laughed. " No, he hasn't run away, I hope," he said, in a roice which prored that his doubts as to Sim.'s feelings were orer. " Plump and plain, I'd like to hare the boy. It's an expense to you now. It won't be then. I can make him useful in the professional line. There's no know ing but I could make a fortune of him; only what's the use if you can take him away when you like ? If you want to be rid of him jus* make him orer to me; promise not to chum him, and make up your mind he's dead, if you please. There, that's my business in a nut shell, and if you're agreeable, say so." There was a pause. Sim. was considering. At hut he said slowly, "If s the best thing, after aD, I can do with him. Only when itf s done, it's done. You're not to change your mind and come pestering me about him." " Not I," cried the circus manager, eagerly; " not I. That boy is a card. If he belongs to me, I can do more with him than with the old- e st rider I hare in my company. He's a genius of the first water. But then he's got a spent of his own, and Tre got to be able to hare him un der my thumb, you see. Well, sir?" " Well," said Sim., " no more need to be said. The matter is settled. From this minute I don't know anything about such a child. You under stand that? If you choose to adopt him, you can—'t'aint my concern." ! Mr. Ginger burst into a loud laugh. " You're a jolly one, sir—you are," he said. " A regular jolly one. Much obliged to you, sir. Here's your good health." There was more chinking of glasses, and then a bustle of departure. Hagar, listening, heard the words: " I must make haste, or I sha'n't catch the train," from Mr. Ginger. And then staggered to her feet, giddy with the knowledge that the first step towards the recorery of her lost child had at last been taken. Chaptbx XXV. ths Ftrornn. Thbbs had been pursuers npon Lionel's track —men fierce to hunt him down, m though he had been some wild beast—angry men, who looked upon him, believing he had perpetrated the crime for which he had been doomed to death as a fiend in human form. The more some of them remembered his winning smile and pleasent speech, the greater grew their hatred of him as the arch prince of hypocrites. He had been in their Tory clutches many a time, and had escaped as by a miracle. The travelling tinker's dress had served him well, and now the hunted man, innocent as he was, •had almost grown to believe himself guilty, so degraded was he by disguise, and by the awful doom pronounced upon him. in every eye that rested on him he mw tun ' pieion, in tnrerj Toice heard ito echo, £ome times there seemed no hope Mre in death, and hat for the memory of Geraldine, he might era h»re taken his life into hit own hands. Bat when this thought arose—this beautiful memory of her unfaltering taut, of her lore acknowledged in his hour of greatest misery, of her belief that his innocence would be proven— hope whispered, "Lire. Some day thou shalt stand before thy fellow men, innocent in their eyes of this murder, as thou art in those of the angels who dwell above—as thou art in Gernldine's." And so he journeyed on, farther and farther from the spot most dangerous to him—erer westward. When the tinker's dress was east aside, it was still too soon to resume his own. The dis guise which offered itself to his fancy was that of a sailor, and for this he exchanged some of the garments in his bundle at a Jew's clothing store. It was a relief to wash, and wear dean linen , once more, to fling away the clumsy tokens of a tinker's calling, and see his own reflection in the way-side brooks he passed, no longer be grimed and dusky, for Lionel Peyton, as we must henceforth call him, was daintily neat by nature, and shrunk, with almost womanish dis gust, from soiled flesh and clothing. Yet still he was diguised, still a fugitive, still a man who, in his own proper person, could nerer have the legal right to any home save the prison cell, to any foot of ground sere the space allotted ! for a felon's grave. Do what he might, wander I where he would, over his head this truth hung by a single hair, like the sharp sword which was the dread of Damocles. And now his money was quite gone, and he must somehow earn his bread. Heaven only knew how. For the paltriest position he needed some reference, and at the hard labor in roads and sewers to which any man of strength is welcome, he would not hare earned enough to keep him from starvation; not that his frame was weak, but he had indolent, student habits, a sauntering though elegant step, vague ideas of what work meant, and no more aptitude for drudgery than one of those fne raeers you have seen, who would come off but poorly if fastened to the shafts of a laden cart. Over and over again he had paused, hoping to find a safe resting place, but every time some new alarm had sent him on his way again. On barns or fences, in the least likely places he would find fluttering that horrible poster which had so haunted him on his journey, offering $2000 reward for the arrest of one Lionel Malcolm Peyton, with a wood out of his face at the top, and a description of his personal appearance, which seemed to the hunted man more vivid than it actually was. Once, when worn with a long day's tramp he stopped at a road-side tavern for a glass of ale, and there the hidious thing stared at him from behind the bar, and ho fancied an old farmer who stood near it regarded him with a suspicious glance, and asked sundry questions as to his journey with any but a sociable and friendly motive. Again, when he had found lodgings in a farm house, he heard through the chinks in the wall of his sleeping apartment, the woman of the house talking over the horrible murder of the the little child, and wishing Heaven would throw the murderer in her way. "I'd hang him myself," she said, in her strong, masculine voice, " before ever he should get away from me. What a wretch he must be!" and with a dread of detection which oould scarcely have been more terrible had he indeed been guilty, Lionel Peyton had escaped from the house in the dead of night, rather than meet that woman's eyes in the broad light of day. At last, in a little town called Edgefield, chance, for the first time favored him with an opportunity of replenishing his scanty purse. Sauntering along the road one bright after noon, with the last penny in his purse and wretched thoughts lying tike lead within his heart, he saw, scudding over the field, only separated from this road by a low fence, an el derly gentleman dressed in drab, wearing a broad brimmed hat, who was using his plump legs to the best of his ability to escape from a ferocious black bull, who was evidently bent upon tossing him. Short of wind, as fat old gentlemen often are, there was little doubt as to the end of the race, and, in all probability, the wearer of the broad-brim would have come to grief, had not Lionel, seizing the knotted branch which lay opportunely in his path, leaped the fence, and by a well directed attack upon the bull, afforded the old gentleman time to clamber over the ban into the road. To escape himself was not so easy a matter, but even that was accomplished, and finally Master Bull stood roaring at his enemies on one side of the fence, while they were making their way to a respectful distance on the other. This accomplished, the old gentleman grasped the hand of Lionel, and began to pour forth un bounded protestations of thankfulness, to which Lionel replied in language which caused the old gentleman to regard him earnestly. " Friend," he said, after a pause, " thy speech is not that of a seafaring man. I doubt if thou wast bred to that calling." Lionel blushed scarlet, but answered in a m tone: " You are quite right, sir—l was not." The old gentleman nodded. "Aye, aye, the same old story,"he said— " the same old story. Every boy wants to be a sailor, I believe, and I suppose thee ran away from thy parent*, and adopted in haste a life thee regrets at leisure." " I certainly have no present fondness for a seafaring life," said Lionel. " It is not the calling for a young man of thy appearance and education," said the Quaker. " Dost thou lire hereabouts ?" " I have had no settled home," said Lionel, " since I—left the sea," he added, bluslting once more as the falsehood passed bis lips. " Bad, very bad," said the old gentleman. " The worst thing for a young man; and pray t has thee decided on any other calling ?" "That is the very thing which most troubles me," said Lionel. " Aye, aye," said the Quaker, " we must pay for our follies in this world. Thee has lost the best storting years of thy life at work which needs only strong limbs. Thee would have been on thy way to independence by this time, most probably, bad'st thou taken to some pro fession. However, help is better than advice, and I think that I can help thee. One good turn deserves another. How wouldst thou like to teach ?" "As well as anything else," said Lionel. " But schools are not always to be found, and a sailor would not be considered the best teacher, I fancy, even should I meet with one." " I understand—l understand," said the Qua- j ker. " But look, now, I've taken a fancy to j thee. Thee see* that white building yonder, I with an elm tree before the door ?" i " I do," said Lionel. i " That ia Edgefield schoolhouse," said the Quaker, " and to-morrow the committee meet ' to select a teacher. I know the applicants— > simpering Nancy Dean, and tipsy Jabez Grant, i and one John Drew from St. Louis, who has no ' friends here. lam sure, when it comes to an : examination thee can eclipse them all, and I ' am on the committee. If the place will suit i thee, come there at nine to-morrow and try thy \ luck. William Phlox gives you his word it ! shall be good. The salary is low, but thee will . board around a week at a time at each scholar's j house, and thus save expenses. What does thee say ?" i Lionel felt a qualm of disgust, but the , thought of the one solitary cent in his purse decided him. " Thank you," he said, " I shall be there." The Quaker smiled approvingly. ' "In the meanwhile," he said, "thee mnat lodge at my boose. I will take no refusal. We western men ate not accustomed to let our friends shirk our hospitality, and thee is a friend who hat dose me tome serrice." And he put his hand through Lionel's arm, and fairly compelled him to compliance. That night Lionel slept under the Quaker's root the welcome guest of the family, which consisted of his wife, two pretty daughters, Buth and Hannah, and a stalwart son named Bben, and in the morning went up to the old schoolhoue to stand his examination. To a man of his education it was supremely ridiculous, and he was obliged to choke down many a laugh at the questions propounded, while friend Phlox sat with a quiet grin upon his face, which proved that he also enjoyed the scene in which his protegee took a share. At last the farce was orer, and the committee decided in favor of our hero, who had written down his signature, John Rodman. It was with a pang that he once more as sumed a name not his own; but necessity knows no law, and that which had been posted over the length and breadth of the States was, of eourse, not to be given unless he desired to bring detection upon his own head. So as John Rodman, Lionel accepted the position offered him and became the teacher of Edgefield School, boarding, for the first week, with Friend Phlox, who, with the rest of the committee, took an occasional turn in accom modating the teacher. It was a monotonous sort of life—«life that gare him too much time to think upon the, past; but he did his duty and " brought on" the white-headed urchins wondrously. Parents overwhelmed him with compliments and Friend Phlox took great credit to himself for his ex cellent ohoioe. On Sundays he went to the little church; and if the sermon was at times forgotten in a dreamy rererie, certainly offered up silent but heartfelt petitions to the One who had seen fit to lay so heavy a cross upon his shoulders. What would he not hare given to have seen Geraldine but for one moment; to hare been able to catch a glimpee of the little parsonage where his good old friends still dwelt, or to whisper one word of comfort in his mother's ear. How many Tears of Hfe would he not hare given to have been rid of that horrible accusa tion which had sent him forth a lonely wanderer over the face of the earth. Alas! so blind are we, that though the means by which he oould have asserted his entire in nocence were presently flung in his way, he had no knowledge of them, One morning, as he made his way schoolward, Lionel found that ail the available fences and rooks in the neighborhood were adorned with posters, on which appeared the words: anranfs xaxvoth cwcxnt. Daily Appearance of Master Auguste Qonxales, the Infant Wonder of the World. And, a few days after, saw the tent and endo : sure of the circus, and heard from within the I strains of music which always accompanied the performances of that institution. At that very moment little Ofcho was whirling around the ring poised tiptoe on the back of a well-trained horse, smiling and kissing his hand to the entranced spectators and ready to obey the mandate of the ring-master: "Now, Master Auguste, show these ladies and gentlemen how you can leap through the pretty hoop yonder, and ride on again without the slightest interruption." All the treasures of the world could not have been worth as much to Lionel as what he would have seen had he entered that circus tent: but he passed it by with a bare glance, not only on that day, but on many another—for it stood but a short distance from the school-house. Going home at night, too, he often heard the farmers'wives talking of the wonderful child they had taken their children to see, and never guessed (how should he ?) that the little one had anything to do with his destiny. Ginger's Mammoth Circus remained a lons while in the neighborhood, for Edgefield proved appreciative; but, though some of the lady performers and all of the gentlemen occasionally were seen in public, and though Mr. Ginger, for the sake or gaining popularity, went to sleep in a conspicious pew of the village church every Sunday morning, the youthful star of the company was kept closely within the tent, and mortal eyes were never fixed upon him save in the costume in which he performed his feats of horsemanship, or vaulted through tinselled hoops, or danced upon the tight-rope. Mr. Ginger felt fearful of mMp^g his treasure too common. At last, however, little Otho began to pine. His cheeks grew pale and his form thin. All the remedies administered were of no avail, until Mademoiselle Rosina, who in private Ufe was a married lady and had children of her own, gave Mr. Ginger a piece of her mind. "It'sfresh hair the child wants," she mid. "This place smells of saw-dust and gin and lamp- oil. Let him go out of doors a bit and he'll pick up. I know what children is, and you don't, Mr. Ginger." The gentleman shook his head. " Td lose by lettin' the public see him gratis," he said. ! "Bother," said the woman. "Ton don't suppose great actors in the cities shut them selves up, do you? Why, I've seen Forrest welkin' down Broadway many a time." "Willages is different," said the manager. " Like enough they'd get him to perform for 'em on their clothes- lines and save their ten cent pieces. Besides I know that imp. Why he'd as soon ran away as eat his dinner. Ana then his tongue goes so. You know he has a lot of highfalutin stories about where he's lived, and if he'd tell them lies to the people about | town, why they'd think he'd been kidnapped, and I'd get the village about my ears, though I've been at such pains eddicating him, and have adopted him fair and square from one who had the right to give him up.l' " Tory woll," said the woman. "Do as you please; but you'll lose him, that's all." " Tou don't really think so ?" said the mana ger, turning pale. " I do," replied Mademoiselle. " Besides, for the matter of that, I'd rather take him out and keep him from running away or talking than see him pine so. Come, I always walk out about eight in the morning, and IU take him along with me. Performances don't commence until ten, you know, and there's plenty of time. Tou won't know him in a week. " Well, if you will keep an eye on him, I can't object," said Mr. Ginger. " I'd like to have his color back and to see him fatter; color and fat takes with the ladies of the audience." Mademoiselle muttered something very like " Ugh, you brute!" but she took good care not to let Mr. Ginger hear it, and felt quite happy at having gained her point. Every morning after that little Otho had his walk, and Mademoiselle's predictions were proved correct, for his cheeks began to glow and bis eyes to sparkle again before the week was over. Mademoiselle—poor thing—had a good deal of honorable feeling about her, and remembered Mr. Ginger's interests even while he was out of sight and hearing. She never took Otho into the village streets, but kept him in the shady lanes upon the out skirts ; and the few who met him were hardly sure that the little fellow in a jacket could be the superior being in tights and spangles who had flitted before them in the circus tent. The manager found no reason to regret what he had done, and the walks were continued with out intermission. One day, going farther than usual, the two, who had grown to be great friends, came in sight of a low white building with a sort of cupola upon the roof, within which a bell was ringing. " What's that ?' asked Otho. " The building do you mean ?" asked Made moiselle. " That's a school. Should you like ; to go to school?" • " No," replied Otho. " I hate studying." | Then he heaved a great sigh. " It's nicer than | riding always, whether you like or not, though," j he said. " I mean to run away some day." I " Oh, no," said Mademoiselle, in great haste, { her wish to avoid anything treasonable upper- \ most. " I'm sure it's splendid to ride and to hear all the people applaud you. And if jou ' could run away, Mr. Ginger could easily catch you in a few minutes. 'Taint any use trying it. Look there now at the nice little girls and boys going to school." They were dose by the windows now, and they were very low, so that the child could see into the long school-room. He went nearear and standing tiptoe on a stone which lay against the wall, peeped in. It interested him mightily to watch the tow headed urchins taking their scats, and to hear the moranr of their roices as they began to con their lessons. Soon the door opened and the teacher came in. He took his place at the desk and laid aside his hat. Otho began to look more eagerly. His little fingers clutched the sill and his face was pressed against the glass. His eyes never moved from Lionel's face. Could it be bis tutor P He asked himself the question fifty times before he answered in the affirmative; But at last, some turn of the head, Mine glance of the eye, convinced him, and he cried aloud. "It is Mr Malcolm! It is Mr. Malcolm! Oh, Mademoiselle, it is Mr. Malcolm!" "Who is?. What do you mean?" asked the woman. "The teacher—the teacher!" cried Otho. u Oh, let me go to him! He will take me home! Let me go!/ But the woman clutched him tight. " You must ask Mr. Ginger first," she said. " I promised not to let you talk to folks. There come away." But the child dung to the sill and beat with his little hand upon the pane. "Mr. Malcolm!" he said—"Mr Malcolm! It's Otho! Oh, take me home! take me home!" The murmur of the voices within drowned his. The shuffling of feet and scraping of stools covered the tap of his little fingers on the glass; and the dock at that moment striking nine, Mademoiselle began to fear the anger of the manager and dragged her charge away. She was a stout woman, but she found the task almost beyond her strength. The excitement of both when they reached the tent was such that an explanation was necessary, and Mademoiselle gave her] version in a manner which caused Mr. Ginger to declare that he would never let the child out of his sight again. As for Otho, he only repeated that he had seen Mr. Malcolm, and that he would go to him and be taken home. "You have no right to keep me here," he said. "My mammy isn't coming, and I hate Jou all. I will go back to the Grange—l will! will! I'll kill you if you keep me! That was Mr. Peyton, and I know heTl be glad to find me." How glad the child never knew; and, to do Mr. Ginger justice, the true facts of the case never presented themselves to him. He believed Sim.'s story, and, although the child had talked so much of the Grange, only fancied it some fine house in which he had resided for a while. It might be possible, however, that there were people in the world who might fancy they possessed some right over the child—(in fact. Mr. Blix had said so) —and the teacher might be one of them. It was best, on the whole, to be cautions; and he resolved to keep Otho within the tent during the remainder of the stay of the circus company at Edgefield. For the moment all nis energies were required to force the child to play his usual part in the day's performances. The sight of Lionel had brought bade all the hope which for a while had lain dormant in the child's breast, and he insisted on being allowed to go to him, and refused to enter the ring. Sot until force had been resorted to, and his flesh was sore from blows, did the little fellow yield; and then only with the determination to find a way to escape in the end if he died for it. He would go to his tutor, and, onoe in his care, he would be safe. At the thought of leading the old petted life at the Grange, tears fell down the little fellow's cheeks. He longed for his gipsy mother, it is true; but kind Miss Henderson and pretty Cousin Geraldine had been very good to him. No ose scolded him when he lived at the Grange. Only for those books he would have been perfectly happy. And that strong, brave Mr. Malcolm could frighten Mr. Ginger, and keep him from taking him back to the tent, if he could only onoe reach him. It was a good while since he had said his prayers; but that night, when all the lights were out, and everybody else asleep, the child knelt on his little pallet and prayed that God would take him safe to the school-house through the darkness. Then he arose, and crept softly towards the door of the little building erected within the enclosure for the purposes of sleeping and cooking. The moon was bright, and the road not half so dark as he had feared that it would be. Flying over it with a speed fear lent to his steps, the child's little bare feet were often bruised and cut by the stones which lay in his path. But he never paused for that; nor for the angry barking of farm-house watch-dogs who heard him running by. Even the white stones of the churchyard— all in a row —looking like so many ghosts, though they startled, did not turn him back; and, in less than an hour, he came in sight of the low, long building he so well remembered. Then he paused to take breath and recon noitre. Alas, there were no lights in any of the windows, and suddenly it flashed upon the child's mind that people did not sleep in school houses. Mr. Malcolm was not there, and would not be until the morrow. Lonely as he had been on his way, poor Otho felt a thousand times more lonely now that his hope of meeting his tutor was gone. He wept bitterly, and listened fearfully for the sound of pursuit, but all was still. And, finally, the child decided to conceal himself until the open ing of the school should bring his tutor to the spot. He looked about for some shrub or rock of sufficient size, but, finding none, began to think of the great school-room itself. He climbed up to one of the windows and tried to raise it. It yielded to his touch, and in another moment the boy had clambered in and stood upon the floor. The moon lent the room sufficient light to show him the rows of benches, the bl&ck; board, and the teacher's large arm-chair. Toward this he bent his steps, and, weary with his long run, and chill with the night air, coiled himself up upon the cushion, huddling himself together for more warmth, and turning his bright eyes toward the stars to watch for morning. It was not a long watch, for in a few minutes the weary eyes closed, and the regular breathing of a sleeper filled the little school-room. Lionel Peyton, Lionel Peyton, where are you ? Does nothing warn you that deliverance is dose at hand ? Does no good guardian spirit whisper you to seek that room where little Otho Grantford awaits your coming ? Truly, at that hour, as he often remembered afterward, something startled Lionel from his slumbers and seemed to impell him to leave the house and wander forth into the night. Had he obeyed the impulse, Heaven only knows but that it might have led him to the school house, and to hope and happiness once more. But regard ing the strange feeling as mere nervous restless ness, he fought it off, and in an hour was once more in dreamland. Chapter XXVI. otho's disappointment. LrrrLl Otho's dreams were very pleasant as he laid asleep in the great teacher'B chair in the school-house, and nothing happened to break them until dawn. Little mice peeped from their holes in great surprise, and twinkled their black eyes at the unusual object over which the moonlight felJ, and went back and bid themselves lest it should harm them. A blind bat, now and then, beat his black wing against the window panes, and the crickets chirruped all the night through. But these slight sounds were but so many lullabies to the young heir of Grant ford Grange. Only when the sun arose and filled the school room with his golden light, did Otho's great black eyes unclose and his little head life itself from the cushions of the chair. ~F<g avxhile he looked about him in bewilder ment, unable to remember where he was or how he came there. But as memory returned with renewed power, and he saw that it was morning, and knew that Lionel would be beside him in a few boon, his little heart gave a great leap of joy. There was a clock upon the wall, and the hands pointed to the hour of seven. At nine school opened. Only two hoars more and he was safe. Nobody would think of coming there to look for him. Then the little fellow began to wonder if he was tidy. There was a pail which still contained tome water on a bench near the door, and a dip per hung over it. With the latter he tossed the water over his pretty brown face and ink black curls, run his little fingers through his hair, and so completed his toilet. Then for very merriment he turned a summer* sault in the middle of the room, and began to caper in a comical fashion up and down the little passages between the school benches. One peeping in at the window might hare fancied some elfin sprite was there at play, rather than a human child. Soon, however, the fancy that the first arrival might be a stranger, and that, if Lionel were not there, some of those great, rough boys might know him and force him back to the circus tent, stole into his mind. Perhaps, he thought, it might be better to hide until all was safe, and, looking more elf like than ever, he opened a little closet, devoted to old books and ink bottles, and stowed himself away at the bottom. Even when the door was shut there was a great crevice through which he could watch the teacher's desk, and he was sure to know when the right moment had arrived. He could see the dock, too; and when we are anxious for the moments to be gone, what a comfort it is to see them slipping away under the long, black hands. Eight struck; no one came. Half-past eight; then the door opened, and two or three great girls came in and began studying their lessons to make up for lost time; following them, some little boys, and, at last, the bigger ones, of whom Otho stood in a little dread if ohanoe should lead them to the closet. They did not even look that way, however, but were busy* with their usual pranks—talking, laughing, and teasing each other. At last Otho began to hear the question, " Why don't the teacher come ?" asked by first one and then the other, and by and .by some of the scholars stood at the door and windows, and began to look up and down the road. Soms declared the teacher must be ill; some wished he would come, others hoped he wouldn't, j Finally, two who had been up the road ran A back to tell the rest that a gentleman was com- \ ing, and in five minutes Otho saw the door open and a gentleman in drab, wearing a broad brimmed hat, enter and advance toward the platform. He looked much troubled, and stood fora moment without speaking, looking upon the assembled children as though he hardly knew what to say to them. After a few moments' consideration, however, he rapped upon the desk with his knuckle* and cried: "Silence." Every tongue and foot was motionless at once, and all eyes turned upon the speaker, who went on: " Boys and girls, you may take your hats and coats and go home. There will be no scheol here for some days. Your teacher has left you very suddenly, and in all probability will never return. Before the week is over the committee will find you another. Until then the school house will be closed." There was a murmur of astonishment, then a host of questions, to none of which the old gentleman vouchsafed an answer. He merely signified to the little crowd that they were to leave the building, and followed them from it, locking the door after him, and leaving Otho alone, with all his little hopes crushed, and his heart filled with vague terror. Never return. Where had his tutor vanished so suddenly ? Could he be dead ? What did it all mean P The poor child could find no answer to these questions. When the first burst of disappointment was over, little Otho's fears of being re-captured began to grow doubly strong. He could not remain hidden in the school-house long. Even now he began to feel the pangs of hunger; and as certainly he could not continue in the neigh borhood after the search for him had once com menced. " I'll run away," said the child. " Til hide in the woods, and eat berries and nuts like the babies in the woods, and find my way back to the Orange at hut, or maybe my gipsy mammy will find me. She lives in the wild woods. They can't keep her from me there. I'm not afraid." And he squared his little shoulders and began to strut about the empty room by way of keep ing up his courage. Then the thought struck him that perhaps the old Quaker gentleman might tell him, if he asked, where Lionel had gone; and, peeping out of the window, he saw him still in the dist ance moving slowly away. The moment he felt sure of this, Otho lifted the sash and leapt out. He was not long in overtaking the stout old gentleman, and soon a little paw tugged at the tails of the sad colored coat, and a little voice, quite out of breath, cried: / . " Stop, won't you, please, sir ? v Friend Phlox turned and looked down on the little brown faoe with a — "What does thee want, child?" "To ask a question, sir," said the boy. " Oh, can't you tell me where Mr. Malcolm has gone?' 1 " Mr. Malcolm ?" asked the Quaker. J* "The teacher of the school I mean," said Otho. " I want to find him so. You said he'd never come back. Oh where has he gone ?" Friend Phlox wiped his hot face with his handkerchief, and for a few moments did not answer. Then he saidt " Thou art one of his scholars, no doubt ?" " Yes," replied Otho, grown of late too wary to tell a stranger who he was, lest he should be taken back to Mr. Ginger. " Yes, sir, I'm a scholar of his." " You can never find your teaoher in this world," said the Quaker —" never. Go home, child, go home." " Is he dead ?" cried Otho. The Quaker shook his head. "Better for him that he were," he said. " Nay, I do not know but that the tale may be a warning to thee never to let thine angry pas sions rise beyond thy control. Thy teacher hath murdered some one and hath been arrested and taken to prison, and will one day be hung in punishment for his crime." " No, no, no," cried little Otho, " it can't be. Somebody has told you a lie, sir. He is always good and kind. He would not murder any 6ne." "It is the truth, my child," said the old gentleman, kindly. " I saw bin arrested my self. Indeed it was a great shock to me—a very great shock. I have been greatly deceived in him." And, engrossed by his own thoughts, the Quaker folded his arms and walked away, leav ing Otho standing staring after him in conster nation. " I don't believe it—l won't believe it," he mattered to himself. And, young as he was, ho felt as though he were called on to redress the insults and injuries of one who had been so good a friend to him. He ran a little way after the old gentleman, clenching bis baby fist and stamping his baby foot, and then sank down upon the grass, chok ing with sobs. As ho laid there, two children of about his own age, pupils of the closed school, came by with their books under their arms. " Who's that on the grass ?" asked one. " It's a fellow I never saw," replied the other. "I kuow who it is," said the first j "it's the boy that rides at the circus." •'lt an't." " It is, only he's dressed different, I tell you. I say, an't you the circus boy—you fellow on the grass there ?" Otho lifted his head. " No," he said. " There!" triumphed the boy who had denied the fact. " There—l knew it/' "He is," said the other. " You know you are." Otho made no answer and the boys passed on. As soon as they were gone he started to his feet and dashed away along the road, dreading that their account might reach the ears of some of the circus company, and utterly oblivious of the road he took in his mad terror. [TO BE CONTINUED] 