SMYTHESD ALE BOROUGH COUNCIL. I iit ma usual fortnightly meeting of tbie council on Friday, 18ih Decenibsr, there were present the Mayor, and Cre Tait, Jordan, La Motty, Price, Cjriaaldi, and Bang. Correspondence—From Mr Louis Holleeon, tendering his re;igou'ioa eo one of the borough auditors. Frotn Mr A.. Vcitch, tender ing bis resignation cs aseeusor to the borough council. From the Inglewood Borough Council, re questing this council's co-optratiori in trying to Obtain a repeal of clause No, 10 in the present Lunacy Statute.—Made an order ol the day. The town-clerk read a note which the mayor had receive I from Mr G. 0 Levey, intimating tiiat t'ie Prince would re ceive an addreBS from the council, but regretted that owirg to the latene«B of the hour he could not ctop for refreshment's, end would be obliged in order to save time to have the a idrces received, no! read. The Mayor said ho wished to explain that tho note bad been received by .Mr J. P. Hamilton on the day of tho Xtoyal visit, but rJr Hamilton had put it in his pocket and forgot it till the following day. Cr Co'r inaldi said he 'supposed tho letter related to some private conversation between tho .Mayor and Mr Levey. The Mayor admitted that it did, and furtbir explained that ho had a-.nt a letter through. Mr Levey to Mr M'Culloch in reference to the matter in question, and that Hi Levey had forwarded from liinton tho note referreJ to as a reply. On tho motion of Cr Price, beconded by Cr I ait, a vote of thaDka was passed to Mr Levey for tho trouble ho had taken in tho matter. From the Uiowoa aad Searadale Borough Council, intimatingto the effect that it di > not fool inciim d to co-ojierat= with this council in a Royal reception d-inoi etration. From tho Hon'la and Bridges Uffi .0, io reference to the local common toll road.—Referred the muuagers thereof. From Mr Sinclair Qowdie, tollgatL'-Ueeper, drawing atten tion to the decision ot the tfinyth.Edalo bench in the recent ciae Gowcio v. QreiK. —it ferred to tho managers of tho local common toll road. The fol lowing accounts were passed for payment :—llr F. W. Nivon. £5 5s; Mr W. Dunetan, £2 10s; Mr Merryweaiher, £8; Mr A. Cum'»ings, £9; Messrs D. and VV. Price, £1 11a 8d. Orders of tho Day—Tho consideration of Cr Tait's no tioa of motion thai a bonus of £20 bo givon to the Into borough surveyor, llr A. White, wss post poned lor a lortnight, on the suggestion ol Cr Slotty, who stated that ho vri.-hcd to see a full meeting of tho council to deal with the matter. Cr Corinaldi suggested that ia the interim the law costs incurred by tho council in the cane be ascer tained. Tne suggestion was adopted. It was re solved, on the motion ol Or Pric.-, ccconded by Cr Corinaldi—"That tende's be invited for leaoin;.', for theyear 18G8, the weighbridge, weights r.Dd measures, and dog registration lets, eueli feeders to be de livered on or before Friday, 27:ti D.eember, und that the town-e'erk be iuEtrueieJ tocximiuo the buots of the present lessee in order to be r.bl3 to give the necessary information to iuiencung tenderers.'-' The turn of two guineas waavmed to cach of the borough auditors for the pa-t year. Ia relerence to tho letter from Inglowoud Borough Council, it was resolved, on the motion of Cr Price, (seconded by Cr T<iit—"That this council co-operate with the Iuglswood Borough Council to obtain tbe repeal of clua;e No. 10 ol the present Lunacy Siatute, the legislative committee to briDg up a report on tho subject us nest meeting." The £20 voted by tho council towards a demonutratioa on the Occaoionef tbe lioyal virit v.-a a ordered !o be paid to the local reception committee, through the mayor. It wbb agreed that tho matter ot the 6ale of the grass in the public garden be lelt in the h inds ol the garden committee. The Mayor Eaid lie knew a per son who said he would give £5 lor it. The council then adjourned. Mistaken Identity.—A r^'her euriouu cisc o( mistuken identity alar demh wa-j revealed in town Within tbe last lew dayr. On ttiu morning of the 30th ult. a man was discovered lying in a luneway off Little Bourke street, in sueh a deplorable condi tion of destitution and BcJily stifLricg ns to rentier his removal to tbe huspitul necessary, *»liere, coon alter liisadmisEion, he expired. An inquest vjhicti was reported in our ii-sue oi (he -i'.li inst, was held on the body, when several witnesses after viewing tho remains identified them eg those of a man named Henry C. Piesse, who they stated \ra; once a pereon of considerable means. Or.s ol the most attached friends ol the deceased in life, piously exhibited a precious relic in the chaps oi a letter from the deceased, and expressed his intention to preserve it till the last day of his lite as a memento of tbe departed. Dr Moloney, who made a post mortem examination of the IwJy, Bavo it a3 hia opiuion that the immediate cause ul ucsit'i was disease ol the lungs and kidneys from vraat of proper attendance, and tho verdict of the jury iv is to that cfluct. The body of the man was interred; many u regret for his aemise was expressed by those vrl:o know him, and often was a kind word drop.j.'l to his mtmory.. How ever, a couple oi dnyti ajiu n fcnial-;, who was one of those who identified the bodj m the inqutct, was uur prieed on meeting what, bb eLie far a mutaea; thought, waa the cctus.1 shade o! her friend Piesse, haunting tbo eceneo of life. In half terror, half joy, she rushed up to him, ond shiikini,' hici by the Ghouldcrs, asked him was he dead or alive. She deemed she Bpolte but to his ghost, but he pledged her his honor he vtbb not dead. The man, it appears, vpon whoso dead body the icquest was thought to have been held it alive end well, uuo who the rei I!y deceased person Traa rtmnira a mystery. — Age, 14th December. SHinES' Aktidqte. - Wlii!': Professor Hallord has been eX(.orim^ntiu(r iu .Yielbouruo on snake-lutes und their remedies, a bciemiCo amateur of li ec:iworth baa bt-in ou^aged iu timilar eLq'uries. arid would ap pear by tho following paragraph from tho Ovens Con stitution to have arrived at prec:se!y opposite results:—"Somovory interesting and iinporant, ox pe:iments have betn maio ut the house of tho llev. W. C. Howard, of lieecbw/rlh, oa the effects of Bnake-bite. They tended completely to conlirm the statements previously mado by the reverend gontle jnan as to the entiro worthlesBuees of Shice3' anti dote. 'ihe fact appears to bo, that thero are only two snakts in this colony which are really very venomoue, namely, tho black unako nud tho tiger Bnake—tho latter being a reptile of ihe eobra-di Cape'la kind, and perhaps the most deadly tnake in world. In the preeeuco of DrUIat-. r aud illr Gam mon, the Rev. \'f C. Howard applied two tiger Buak'.H to dogs, and although ut le.vot three times ihe prescribed quantity of bhi-ea' autidoto wa= rubbed thoroughly iu a the wounris within a miou e fcom tho timo ot the bite, til? dig ia ono catu d:od in uintteeu minutes, and ia tho other in rather moro thau twenty minutes. The tnako wag then applied to a kitten, and bit it, but thero wan uo unt'djto used at all. Neverthelesi tho kitten lived nearly aB long as the two dogs previoui-iy experimented upon. We jnuy mention that the li'rej' an'idote was procured by Mr butler, iho Be. chwort'.i wirden, when ho wan at Salo." The eoneiuiiou our c .ntemporary draws is, that "theutiovo lacts seem to show that Profes sor Ha ford r.nd (omo of the Melbourne javanu have esprLEaed rather hasty opinions as to tiio ellects of BDalio bites and snake p.jison antidoteB." 