GRANTFORD GRANGE. CHAPTER XXXVIII. THE DAY OF EXECUTION. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. The day had come—the day which was to part Lionel Peyton from those on earth for-<*> ever. Geraldine watched its dawn through the prison bars, as the sat upon the little couch Holding her husband's head upon her bosom. That night the clemency of those who had the I power to grant the favor had permitted her to pass with Lionel, and through the still, dark hours they had talked with each other, not daring to speak of the awful morrow, but neither for an instant forgetting it. Looking back upon that night, Oeraldine always won dered that she lived through it and kept her reason. Now she bent over the dear face, and looked into the deep blue eyes, and stamped upon her memory every line and tint—the eurre of the dark lash, the pencilling upon the brow, which with years would have changed to wrinkles. Never let her live ever so long, could she forget that face—never could another be to her what Lionel Peyton was. Oh, how dear he was to lier—how precious. Were these fiends or men who could nave the heart to part them—who could dare to drag him to a shameful death for a crime of which he was innocent? Her tears dropped faster and faster, her sobs came thicker, her form shook from head to foot, and, unable to repress her agony longer, she cried aloud: " Oh, my God, hast thoa forsaken us ? Hast thou no mercy on us ? Pity me—pity me; and if Thou hast doomed my best beloved to death, let me die also, and die with him!" Ere the words had passed her lips, herhua band sprang from his reclining position, and kneeling at her feet, clasped her in his arms. "Hush, hush!" he cried. "Your life is worth far more than mine. You must not die. Oh, why did I ever meet you ? How dared I poison your happiness by my loveP How dared I make you a felon's wife and leave you such a legacy of grief and shame? Do you not hate me for it ? Will you not when lam gone ? I should pray that you might, but I cannot. I cannot even say from my heart, 'Forget me.' Bat Ido pray that you may yet be happy—that the thread I have mingled with your fife may not always darken it. Oh, Oeral dine, I would have made you so happy if I could. The winds should not have blown roughly npon you; your eyes should never have known a tear, your heart a pang; and I have brought you to this— l—l. Were I the fiend they think me, that thought would have been punishment | enough for all my sins." I Geraldine pressed her lips to his forehead, and clasped her arms about his neok. "Do not blame yourself, my husband," she said. " Were I not your wife, I should still love you as well, bat the privilege of being with you now would be denied me. lam far happier, wretched as I am, than I should be away from you, and I am yours and you are mine, and some day we will meet in Heaven." But despite the words she uttered she could not check her tears nor still her sobs. Every new ray of sunlight creeping over the prison floor, or lying upon the brown locks of her love; every morning sound, bird's song, or lowing kin© without the bars, or human steps in the prison corridors, said to her, " The day is dawning which must bring perpetual night I to all thy life; the sun is rising which is to see ' the sun of thy existence sink for ever." How ; could she be calm, being no more than woman ? In their agony, these lovers doubtless said • much which might sound meaningless and in coherent if written here, but which each under stood, the sigh and sob, and half uttered word, , being intelligible as polished sentences and rounded periods to the ears of lore, and hours passed on, and the day was fairly come, and | the hands of the many clocks in the town glid- < ing slowly toward their daily clasp at the hour j of noon. ; At twelve Lionel was to die. So had it been ordained. At twelve, day was to end for him. , Many a miserable, dying creature, whose pulse ! beat faintly and whose breath was hardly heard, i might rally and look upon the noontide bud, •«d see iftiet, and live until another rose ; but be, with health ted strength, and lore of life; he, so yoang, aad, but for the strange tangle (**« had wwven about his steps, so bleated with all good things of this earth—waa to die at noon. Love could not save him, nor friendship. Tears were of no avail, and prayers were useless. Justice, this time, at least, blind indeed, had doomed him to the grave. At eight the gaoler brought the prisoner his breakfast. It was a good one, tempting, indeed, for Geraldrae's purse had smoothed away all privations from his prison life, and the china and silver were delicate as the breakfast service at the Orange itself. It seems strange that men, under such circumstances, can eat, but they often hare been known to breakfast heartily. This morning the aroma of the coffee filled the cell pleasantly, and the prisoner drank it eagerly. He even ate a few mouthfuls. But Geraldine absolutely could not swallow. She made the effort, to gratify her husband, but the morsel ohoked her. Bhe sat at his feet, with her hand upon his knee, counting the beatings of her own heart. Some one had told her each throb was a second—a second more gone—a second nearer to that fearful noon—a second dropping from his life, as water drops from ice thawing in the sun. Could nothing stop Time? All she asked for was to sit thus for ever—the prison cell, the grated win dows, all just at they were—only they two together, never to see mortal face again. This would content her, so that they left Lionel to her. The world was nothing—its joys and its friendships, its free air, its liberty. She never cared to look on it again, if time would stop before that awful noon. Alas! many a wretched mortal has thought thus, and time as stalked on just as fast as ever, and the sand in his weird hour-glass dropped away as swiftly, and he has mown away the hours as ruthlessly as though they never prayed that he might stop. Nine rung out clear and sharp from the tongue of the great prison clock. Ten followed, as never hour seemed to follow its fellow before. Garaldine half believed that some one was playing with her agony, and sounding the strokes before their time. At a quarter past nine the unhappy mother, Mr. and Mrs. Helm* stone, and black Deborah, came to the prison to SAc Lionel. For onoe Mrs. Peyton wept in silence. She clung to her son's neck without a word. She was plainly very much broken down by what she had passed through, and looked ten years older than on the day upon which we first saw her. When the first burst of grief was over, Lio nel led her to the spot were Geraldine stood, and taking a hand of either, held them in his own. "Mother," he said, "and you my darling wife, it has been my misfortune to bring misery on those I lore the best on earth. My last thought will be this thought, I know. It is very terrible to bear—worse than any other portion of my lot; yet I know that you who who grieve so for me, love me, and that if I ask one thing of you, you will not refuse, but, for my sake, endeavor to comply." "I never refuted you anything, Lionel," sobbed Mrs. Peyton. " Even when I was told it would do you harm, % could hardly say ' no' if you stretched your little hands for it. I've always been indulgent, as far as my means went. " I know it, mother," said Lionel. " You \ know I know it, and you.need not speak, Ger aldine; for my unhappy sake you hare done much—too much, already. All that I ask you now is to love each other." " Heaven knows I will try to love your mo* tier," said Geraldine. " And though it seem* to be, somehow, her fault that all this awful trouble has come upon you, Til try to love her if you say so, Lionel," said Mrs. Peyton. "She is young, mother, and her grief is great," said Lionel. " She has blessed my life, but I have blighted hen. She married me, willing to share the hardest lot, generously sacrificing all that women prize, to be the angel of my life, and I have brought her to such shame and sorrow as otherwiseshe could not know; remember this and be gentle with her. Be a mother to her; she needs one, my poor girl. And you, Geraldine, look at the white hairs I have scattered in my mother's hair; see how grief for me has aged her, and be a daughter to her. Cherish her in her declining years for my sake, darling. Oh, dear ones, dear ones, I long to watch over you; I feel so strong to battle with the world for jour sakes; must I die and leave you alone—alone ? I, a husband and a son, and young and strong and full of life? Is there no justice on earth or in Heaven?" "Oh^youkill me! you kill me!" screamed the mother. "Itis to terrible to bear; I can* not part from you, Lionel. The darling little fellow I have seen grow to be a man—the hope and pride of my soul. Justice, oh, no! there is no justice anywhere." Geraldine trembled like an aspen leaf. She strove to speak, but could not; much as she had suffered before, she felt as if, at this mo ment, only had she realized the full extent of her sorrow. Yet in the midst of this, she com prehended the comfort which she might give Lionel by a simple act, and stretched her hand towards his mother with a gesture that said more plainly than words— " I will be a daughter to her while I live." Then, overcome by her agitation, she sank upon the couch whion had borne the prisoner's weary frame so many nights, and hid her face in the pillow as though with light she could also shut out thought. Meanwhile Mrs. Helmstone, crying bitterly, had advanced and kissed Lionel upon brow and cheek and lip, as though he had been a child and her own son. " I can't say anything to comfort you, my dear," she said; " I never felt to terribly in ail my life. What shall we all do ? what shall we all do ? If I were a man, I know I could have done something to help you. Fve never be lieved that it would end so; I can't believe it now. I'm sure our Father is merciful, and He must know you're innocent." "My dear, my dear," said Mr. Helmstone,' laying his hand upon his old wife's shoulder; " remember that He knoweth what is best for us, and these afflictions which are so bitter to us now are but for a day, Dorothy—but for a day ; and will scarcely be remembered in eter nity any more than the tears our baby eyes shed over broken toys. If Lionel is innocent, and I believe he is, I do believe he is, my dear, that will sustain him better than any other thought. This world is at best a vale of tears, and the grave is but the portal of Heaven to the just. Let us kneel down and pray together." All knelt—Geraldine and Lionel clasping eaoh other's hands, and above the old man's impassioned prayer arose, at intervals, the sobs the women could not quite suppress. The Episoopal clergyman had begun with • beautiful petition set down for such an occasion in the book of common prayer, but when that was finished he no longer remembered any written words, however beautiful. His own thoughts rushed to his lips in words—homely, every-day words, perhaps, but full of the beauty of sincerity and earnest trust in Him to whom he prayed. So might any Methodist, carried away by emotion, have plead with the Almighty. No form trammelled him—no thought of the rules of any sect. The old man was kneeling at the foot of the throne ; with his closed eyes he seemed to see the golden glory hiding that which is too great and glorious' to be looked upon even by the eyes of angels. He besought com passion even at this late hour; or if it were needful that the blow should fall, resignation for the survivors, and mercy for the soul parted in the bloom of youth and health from its-living tabernacle. He prayed for the young wife and the old mother—a prayer that went to Lionel's heart, and the prisoner clasped the soft hand he held, more fondly, and whispered, " God will care for my innocent darling, my true, sweet girl,"— and for Lionel as for the dying. How strange it was to kneel there, with the bloom of health upon his cheek and vigor in his frame, and hear such words spoken of him self. How strange to know that in two brief hours, unless he were saved by something akin to a miracle, he should have entered the mys terious world which lies beyond the grave, of which no man knows anything. I Lionel did not fear death, but he loved and was beloved again,, and he was young, and un | subdued by pain or illsess. His soul could not leave his body without a pang while there was so much on earth for it to cling to. His clasp upon the fingers of his beloved wife grew almost convulsive, And as the praye? ended, all arose with one accord and stood listening to an awful sound —the most terrible that could have fallen upon then- ears—the sound of the prison clock strik ing eleven. Eleven! Only one honr now, only one! It was too terrible to be spoken of, but each stroke *unk into those bleeding hearts and left a wound. They could not converse • they scarcely dared look at each other, but Geraldine crept closer to Lionel, and her head reposed upon his bosom. Half an hour passed. Then steps sounded in the corridor, a key rattled in the door, and a burly man stood before them, confused and nervous, evidently dreading the task imposed upon hinu "Ladies and gentlemen," he said, huskily, " I regret to say that the time allowed you has nearly elapsed; you must take your leave in ten minutes. It wants twenty-five minutes of twelve." Mrs. Helmstone arose, the tears pouring down her cheeks, and bent over the prisoner. " God bless you," she said, " You are the hap piest, after aIL Oh, what shall we all do ! I never could have believed that such things could happen in our little circle. Oh, Lionel, Lionel, I love you almost as a mother might. Oh, they are fiends! they cannot be human; there is no mercy or justice in their souls. Archibald, have you done all you can ? are yo% sure of it ? Even now, surely there is some little hope. PVo heard of prurdona*at the last moment." Lionel lifted her hand to his lips, " All has been done that can be," he said. "Thank Heaven for the taut my friends have in me, despite the cloud of mystery which must, I fear, forever hide the truth. For this dear one's sake I pray my memory may some day stand unblemished; but it Is too late to hope for my life. It is God's will that I should die." His mother burst into a fearful scream as he uttered these words, and flung herself upon his breast. "Die!" she shrieked—"die! Oh no, no, no! Save him! save him! He must not die! He is my only son! He is innocent! They shall not tear him from my arms! They shall not! they shall not!" "Oh,Missy,Missy! disisdrefful! Dedebbil fotrule ober de wort', surenuff!" cried old Deborah. "Dere ant no use o' nuffin. Tse E rayed an* prayed, but 'pears de Lor* don't sten. Dey knows Marsa Li'nel didn't nebber murder nobody. Look at him, so purty and so Sood. Him I helped raise. Oh, Fse gwine to ie—pears like I'll go crazy!" and she caught LionePs hand and pressed it to her lips. " Good-bye, Deb," he said. " You have been very faithful to us. I thank you. Never leave my mother. Good-bye." He bent over Mrs. Peyton and kissed her fondly, as she lay half unconscious on his breast, " Now take her, dear old friend," he said, turning to Mrs. Helmstone. " I have no words |to thank you for your kindness. Farewell! Farewell! Think of me sometimes, and always believe me innocent. On the word of a dying man, my hands are unspotted by blood. I never injured a hair of Otho Grantford's young head. I know nothing of his death, as I hope to meet with mercy at the throne of Grace." "My chfld, I believe you," said the pastor. "It is my greatest consolation." Mrs. Helmstone arose and beckoned her hus band. "Help me to lead Mrs. Peyton to the car riage," she whispered. " Lionel and Garaldine must have a few moments alone together. Is it wrong to wish one had never been born to see such dreadful things ?" Mr. Helmstone did not answer. In silence he assisted his wife to bear the fainting form of the unhappy mother to the carriage, and tha two who loved each other so were left the solo occupants of the prison cell. It is too holy and painful a scene to be des cribed. Words cannot paint those lingering embraces—those agonized countenances. Lan guage has nothing in its* range strong enough to picture such a parting. At the last, a pallid, trembling form, more like a corpse than a living woman, in its Matched and livid pallor, was borne from the cell, leaving Lionel, with his arms extended, gazing upon the spot where it had vanished— motionless as a statue, with more than mortal agony in his fixed eye and quivering lip—agony born not of the near approach of death, but of this parting. Chapxss txxix. SXARTUKO nrrORHATIOK. Justice Mokgax, the judge who had presided at the.trial of Lionel Peyton for the murder of little Otho Grantford, sat, upon the Friday morning on which the prisoner was to die, be fore an untastod breakfast in his luxurious apartment, scarcely less agitated than were the friends of the unhappy prisoner himself. He was a bachelor, a hon vivant, a merry, white-haired old man, with the peachy cheek and pearly teeth of a boy, and with a great, active brain, well balanced in intellectual and animal qualities. He was a man to live a long and joyous life, little prone to take care to his heart—something of a philosopher even when trouble actually came to him. But to-day he was altered beyond recognition. His appetite was gone; his cheek pale; his hand tremulous. For the first time in his life he doubted himself. By slow degrees doubts of the evidence brought forward at the trial, and the Eossibility of the prisoner's innocence, ad been growing upon him, until it seemed, on this day of all others, an absolute certainty. Nothing could be done; no legal power could revoke the sentence now. He who proposed it on the strength of a mere fancy would be pronounced a madman. Yet oyer and over again his own question and Lionel's answer sounded in the ears of old Justice Morgan, as though whispered by some spirit: " Prisoner, do you know of any reason why sentence of death should not be pronounced against you ?" " Only one, your Honor:—l am innocent." Many a man, s landing in the dock, had made such an answer as this; many a guilty man had pleaded " not guilty." But the words never yet had haunted Justice Morgan as they now haunted him. Lionel had spoken as honest men speak. Truth was in his eye and in his voice. Every time the judge, who had decreed his death remembered the scene in the court room this conviction * became stronger, until, in the face of evidence which had convinced the jury, the whole court, even the prisoner's own council—Justice Morgan began to look upon himself almost as a murderer—certainly as the persecutor of an innocent man. Yet there was no proof that he was right Had he been ques tioned he could only have spoken of a look, a tone, a something which might well be the deep dissimulation of a practised actor. His legal brethren would fancy him in his dotage could he bring himself to toll them of the utter revulsion of feeling he had experienced with out one iota of " evidence"—he, who had pro nounced sentence on the prisoner with his own lips. At night that white head tossed uneasily upon the pillow, and in dreams the solemnly uttered words, "I am innocent," and the searching, earnest look of the deep blue eye fixed on him' as Lionel spoke, were repeated over and over again. The judge had done his duty—had acted ac cording to his conscience in endorsing the ver dict of the twelve enlightened men who had based their decision on the facts elicited from the witnesses before them. All was legally done —all outwardly just. At the moment, strange to say, the word* of the prisoner had seemed only the performance of the role expected of him in the tragedy; but now they returned, haunting Justice Morgan with their truth— charging him with wrong-doings, whispering to him a thousand times a day : " Thou art the murderer—the unjust perse cutor of the innocent." His Bervant had brought him the breakfast, not yet touched, and the morning paper at the same time. The first line he glanced at in the latter spoke of the event which would take place et noon that day, and gave the public a summary of the prisoner's crime. He had been judged guilty, and as a moßster in human form was he described. It made one's blood run cold to read of the j murder of that helpless > child by the hands of the handsome tutor who had stolen into his home like a wolf into the -sheep-fold, who was, unknown to any there, the next of kin, the heir to the Grantford estates in the event of the boy's death. His motive in being there under an assumed name oould have been but one. That which j prompted him to take the life of his little cousin was that which had prompted men to crimes as terrible since men where. Beading the clearly stated facts, Justice Morgan felt assured that the verdict of the jurorß and the sentence he had pronounced could have been nothing but what they were. Yet in the face of all arose the earnest look, the proud movement of the head, the clear, true voice, shaking as though at once addressing men and Heaven, "lam innocent." Justice Morgan arose and paced his room. A timepiece on the mantle seemed to count the seconds as they were never counted before; the quivering little second hand flew around the minutes as though in a mad race with time. The Bun growing brighter as it arose, seemed to say, " I am nearer noon than when youlast looked at me." And the judge set his teeth and clenched bis hands until the daintily tended nails cut the soft, plump palm. In the midst of this excitement some one knocked at the door. .The judge knew the sound of the knuckles, and called, " Come in." His servant entered. " A woman wishes to speak with you, sir," he said. " She must wait, then," replied the judge. " I've no time for ladies to-day." The man hesitated* "Ifs not a lady, I think, sir," he said—"a poor wandering body, I think; and she's in great trouble." I cannot see her now, Frank," said the judge. " Tell her so." Frank departed. He returned instantly. " She says it's a matter of life and death," he said; that she will see you, at once." " Will!" cried the judge. " She's coming up, I think, sir," said Frank. " Let her come, then," said the irate gentle man. "She will not stay long. What is it, Frank ?" For Frank was bowing. " Please, sir, I think you said I might have an hour, sir, and a pass to see the hanging." "My God!" cried the judge, " why do you want to see so horrible a thing ?" " It's such an awful case. I can't pity the man, sir; and then, sir, you know you sentenced him, and I feel a kind of " " Not another word, you rascal," cried the judge. " Qo, and m dismiss you to-morrow." " I —beg your pardon. The woman's here, sir," cried Frank, trembling with fright be neath the frown and at the stern voice of his master. And in another moment Justice Morgan \- stood face to face with Hagar, wan and travel stained, bearing in her arms the attenuated form of a young child. She paused for no bidding to enter, but stalked passed him, and seated herself in his own great arm-chair, while he, in amaze, stared at her. " CooL" he ejaculated ; " cool, certainly. I told you I would not see you, woman. I sent word to that effect by my servant yonder. How dare yon intrude upon me ? It is not the way to extort charity from me, if that be your object." Hagar lifted her dark head. "lam no beggar," she said. "We hare met before, under different circumstances. Can t you remember me ?" The judge shook his head. " You were a friend of Henry Grantford's." "Yes." " You dined with him twice while his gipsy wife, Hagar, lived with him. If s years ago now, but I remember you." " I begin to remember yo»," cried Justice Morgan. "Yes, yes—the eyes and the hair and the voice. And you are poor Harry Grant ford's wife; and—great Heaven, yes—Otho was your child!" "My little lad—my treasure," moaned Hagar. " You certainly proved yourself very fond of your child," said the judge with a sneer. " The trial has brought you here I suppose. Per haps, like the fellow yonder, you ' want a pass to see the execution.' Hagar's eyes flashed. " I come to stop the execution," she said. " The man you are going to hang is innocent." "Great Heaven—innocent! Can you prove it? Do you know the murderer?" almost shrieked the judge. " Why have you delayed so long? Speak, the time is flying. Who did the deed ?r * "No one," said Hagar. " No one—you are mad!" "The child lives," said the gipsy mother. " He will not lire long, but he breathes still. The body they picked up on the lake was not his. Look!" She flung back the shawl that covered the little form she held, and lifted the little help less head. " This is Otho Grantford," she said, and burst into -a flood of tears; " this is my little lad, dying on his mammy's breast—my little murdered lad—but never hurt by him that lies in prison. Speak, my lad; tell this gentleman who you are. The great black eyes unclosed, the little hand extended itself. " I know you, Mr. Morgan," said the faint voice. "You don't know me because lam so sick. Tm Otho Grantford, and this is my own gipsy mammy. We're going back to the Grange." The judge uttered a cry, caught the boy in his arms, and gazed upon his face. "It'sno delusion," he said. Blind worms that we are, who shall talk of justice or of knowledge any more! I thought myself a judge— l. Some wiser man will fill my place henceforth—l will judge my fellow-men no more. And you, woman, do yon know what you might have had upon your conscience? what you have already ?" Hagar extended her arms for her child. " I never meant to bring any one to harm," she said. " But I wanted my boy—my little lad. I'm only a poor gipsy and a tinker's wife now, but I loved him. Tve travelled miles with my dying darling to save the poor young gentleman, rye kept people at watch all the while, that if the worst came I might stop it somehow. No one can take my little lad from me now, for he is dying. I'm not afraid of that now. Have pity on me. You can't understand me, but just pity me without." The judge was not listening to her. He had left the room, and was shouting : "My carriage! my light carriage! and Black Lightning! No other horse, mmd. Quick — quick! It wants but twenty minutes of noon. Quick— quick!" And servants were flying with all speed to execute hi* orders. Only five minutes were occupied thus, but the impatience of the judge amounted to a frenzy. And when the vehicle was ready, he almost dragged Hagar down the stairs and into it beside him. Then, furiously as ever horse ran for the winning cup at a race, Black Light ning sped along the road prisonward—carriage and horse and driver half hidden by the clouds of duet tbey whirled behind them —the judge shouting at every instant: "Faster, faster, faster! Great Heavens if we should be too late! The execution is at noon. Faster, faster, faster!" CbasbtkrXL. 3aved !—thr bkath of kaoar akd hrrcbtld. Mr. Hkxxbtobr had been praying once more with Lionel—the last prayer. The prisoner was cahner. His thoughts were fixed on Hea ven. When the announcement that all was ready was uttered, he arose quietly, and shook hands with his gaoler and the governor of the prison, and other officials who grouped about him, according to the usual custom. He thanked some for their kindness, and uttered a simple " good-bye" to others. He spoke to Mr. Helmstone concerning a ring to be taken from his linger and sent to Geraldine, and of a lock of hair which he prayed to be buried with him. Then, [under guard, he passed from his cell into the prison corridor. From a window there he could see the scaffold, and the mob waiting to witness the terrible scene which seems to have such a singular fascination te brutal minds, and he had been more than man, or less, could he have looked on such a spectacle unmoved. His cheek paled and his lip quivered, and a great, burly gaoler at his side fairly burst, into tears. Mr. Helmstone pressed Lionel's hand, and felt his own courage fast failing him. They passed slowly along, the sun falling on them j through the long windows, the balmy breeze stealing over them through the open sashes, earth looking strangely lovely to the prisoner, life seeming strangely full of hopes, and aims and aspirations. There were stairs to descend and another corridor to cross, then the court yard, with the horrible gallows in its midst. The spectators, grouped together oa stages erected for the purpose, and without the wall thousands anxious for some glimpse of the hideous scene to be enacted. Lionel strove not to see these things, not t:> quail and tremble as his foot trod the awful steps, as he stood at last upon his very grave. He said to himself, " At least for her sake, who will bear so much sbame for me, I must make I an effort to leave some doubt of my guilt be hind me. I must say to these who have come to see me die what words I can in behalf of my own memory." He hardly knew what was passing until some one informed him that it was time to address the crowd, should he desire to do so. Then he turned and faced them. A sea of angry eyes; no pity in them, no be lief in him. He saw that -at once—he saw that words of his would not avail—yet he Bpoke. " Fellow citizens," he said, " you have come to see an innocent man die the death of a criminal. I blame no one. In the place of any juror who listened to the evidence, I should have said " Guilty." In the place of the judge, I should have uttered the sentence of death on any other man in my position. Yet despite all evidence, my hands are blood less. I swear it in the presence of the Maker before whom I must so soon appear, and the time may come when you shall know I speak the truth." Then he turned toward the sheriff. " I am ready," he said. The black cap was drawn over his head, and he knelt. " God have mercy on my soul," he whispered," and comfort her who will mourn me." Then the rope dropped over bis neck. Madly along the road whirled a dust- covered carriage, wildly a white-haired old man shouted, " Faster!" It paused before the prison. Some one sprang from it. There was a cry, a tumult, a rush for the prison yard, for the scaffold, mad cheers that rent the sky. The judge stood on the scaffold. The rope was torn from the prisoner's neck, the cap from his eyes. A trembling voice choked by sobs, addressed the crowd.' " This man is inncent. There has been no murder done. Otho Grantford lives. I have seen him; so may you. We are guilty, not Lionel Peyton." And the judge caught the prisoner in his arms, and wept over him as though he had been bis son. " Innocent! Innocent! Innocent!" The cry rang through the crowd. There were oaths, and yells, and cheers, belief and doubt. In the midst of the whirlwind of ex citement, Lionel Peyton was led back to the grey prison, back through the sunlit corridor, and to the governor's room, where reclining on a low couch, lay a wasted form, its eyes closed, its hands folded on its bosom. " Otho," cried Lionel, as he bent over it; " Otho, speak to me." The eyes opened. "Mr.Malcom," quivered the faint voice, "I tried to find you so, but the cars went so fast— so fast." And the eyes closed again. " Otho, my poor, poor child ?" cried Lionel. "We are going back to the Grange," mur mured Otho. "My mammy is going with me. I used to like the woods best; I'm tired now, and dou't care. Mammy!" Hagar bent over him. "The music is so loud now," said the child, "so loud and sweet; and who is that in white, with wings, and such a face—such a kind face —like the picture of the angels in the gallery at the Grange. Who is it, Mammy ?" " I see nothing," said Hagar. " But you hear the music ?" "No." There was a despairing sound in that "No " as though the gipsy felt that she might never hear it. She put her head down beside her child, and one hand stole into her bosom, grasping something hard and close. Her face was hidden, and a scarlet counterpane they had flung over the child fell in folds over her form also. Only the dishevelled ebon hair and the slope of the grand shoulders could be seen by those who looked upon her. A beauty not of earth was on the child's face ; a splendour in his eye, a smile upon his Up no living child might wear. He was looking up ward. Suddenly he clasped his mother's neck. "Come, Mammy," he whispered. "They want us—they are waiting. Beautiful, beauti ful things. Oh, the music—the music—tho music!" And with the last words, his hand dropped) away from their clasp, his head fell back, and his eyelids closed. He seemed to slumber. The clergyman lifted his hand solemnly and all knelt about the couch. When they arose a dead child lay upon the pillow before them. The angels to whose music the boy had list ened had taken him to Heaven. But Hagar never stirred—never spoke. Not a breath heaved her bosom. She knelt like a statue beside her dead child. So they left her for many minutes ; then some one said: "We must arouse her," and touched her lightly. She paid no heed. They spoke to her; she never answered. They lifted her at last, be lieving her to be in a swoon; and then they saw what the red counterpane had hidden. Her left side was soaked with blood—blood that had poured over her garments in a torrent. That grasp within her bosom was with a deadly purpose. She had torn away the bandage from the half-healed wound made by the circus man ager's bullet, and had rent that wound open, and so bled to death. God alone can know whether, thus dying, she also heard the angel's music and saw the snowy wings and the heavenly faces ; for mor tal man may not dare to guess to whom eternal pardon is vouchsafed, or whither the gipsy's soul had flown. Dead she lay beside her dead, and those who looked on her could only pity and forgive. One—who can blame him?—had forgotten her; had forgotten all the world save one. That one to whom the strange news had been borne, and who lay upon his bosom sobbing softly. Lionel and Geraldine met once more, as those might meet who had .passed through the Valley of the Shadow of Death. Their emotion was too intense for joy. They were awe stricken in the midst of their deep gratitude as though a miracle had been worked in (heir behalf. ChaftxbXLL ths burial. Thb Grange was draped in emblems of mourn ing. The casements hid themselves behind closed shutters; and in the state chamber the gipsy mother and her child were laid together. Together were they to sleep in the Grantford vault in the old church-yard, beside the ashes of a proud, unblemished race. Perhaps, look ing back upon the gipsy's life, many would have forbidden her to share that tomb with her child; but the hearts of those within the Grange were very soft just then, and they remembered only her great love for little Otho. For him many tears were shed, many a sigh breathed; and from far and near those who had heard the story gathered to look upon him in his little coffin and marvel at the strange chain of circumstantial evidence which had so nearly brought Lionel Peyton to a felon's doom. Neither our hero nor Geraldine presented themselves to any of these visitors, but the old clergyman and bis wife received them, and Mrs. Helmstone, being neither more nor less than woman, was willing enough to talk to those who desired to do so. On Sabbath afternoon the black-plumed hearse stood at the gate of the Grange and the solemn train moved toward- the church- yard. One j followed them secretly, hiding behind trees and i bushes, and at last in the shadow of a great j tombstone, hard by the open vault. Had any there seen him they would only have marked the presence of a swarthy, long-limbed, yet not uncomely vagrant. We know him to be Hagar's gipsy husband, Aaron. He listened to the service. He heard the solemn words of hope which had never , fallen on his heathen ears before, and the tears chased each other down his brown cheeks, and without knowing why he felt himself softened and melted —less desperate than before. He watched with his black eyes until the vault was closed, and hid his face then in the tangled grass and kept it hidden until all were gone. The sun was setting then. With the golden beams upon him, he crept through the tangled branches and long grass to the tomb where they had laid her, and leant his face against the sculptured marble and sat there motionless. The sun went down; twilight came, and the stars shone pale and wan in the blue sky. Still he remained as he had cast him down. Night deepened, the stars were at their brightest, and the full moon shone upon the grave-yard and the prostrate figure at the tomb, and the church clock toid the hours through the long evening until midnight fell, and still Aaron, for all motion he made, might have been dead. Then he arose, trembling and weak as one who had passed through weeks of illness, and set to work. With keys, which he drew from his breast, he opened the door of the vault and entered. Then by the starlight he bent over Hagar's coffin, working swiftly and deftly until the face within met his gaze. He made no moan—uttered no cry. Only his face, in the wan light, looked death-like as the one he looked upon. But he gathered up the long black tresses lying over the shrouded breast in his hand and severed ope rich lock. That he twisted into a sort of braid and hid within his bosom. " Good-bye, Hagar," he said. " You never loved me much, but I was fonder of you than of life. I did you a wrong, lass, but 'twas be cause I loved you so—l couldn't bear a baby could come between us and be dearer to you than I was. There aint anything to lire for now. If the old parson spoke the truth, there's something neither of us know much of to come yet; and yon may be amongst the stars looking down at me now, Hagar." He closed the coffin and the vault, and went out into the night. He walked with bent head and bowed form, like an old man, and vanished from the graveyard like a ghost. Years after, when the youngest in our tale were old, those who came earliest to church one Sabbath morn found an old man dead at the entrance of the Grantford vault. His clothes were those of a wandering beggar. His shoes bore the dust of many weary miles. Wrinkled and brown was he as any mummy, but over bis heart lay a knotted coil of hair. The tress once severed from Hagar's coffined head—for this was Aaron. Chapter XLII. oowcLiraioK. For two years had Lionel Peyton and his wife dwelt happily together in the Grange, and yet they were lovers. They were constant by nature, and their trials had bound them to gether as no joys could. Their honeymoon would never be over while both should live. The Grange had a happy, home-like look now. The garden was aglow with flowers; the lawn was smooth as velvet. There, often at the even tide, the master and mistress of the stately dwelling walked arm in arm, talking of the sor rows of the past or of the joys of the present. This evening on which we shall visit them, they are not there; tollow me up the dark oaken staircase to this cosy room upon the second floor, and yon shall find them. In the midst of the apartment stands a fanci ful little cradle, curtained with lace, dropping from the outstretched hands of a oarven angel, and beside it kneels Geraldine. Lionel bends over her, and Mrs. Helmstone, m a state of great delight, rubs her hands and bustles about busily doing nothing. On either side of the fire which, even in tins fleasant autumn evening, is acceptable, sit Mrs. eyton and Mr. Helmstone. " It's certainly a very fine child," says the latter, " and very like his mother." " It's the Grantford face," says Mrs. Peyton, a little testily. " He's like his father." " Bess him ittle face, im ike imaelf," gasps Mrs. Helmstone in a sudden convulsion of baby talk impossible to repress. " Him Aunty Em ston never saw such plendid shild." Awful remembrances of the Tower of Babel and the confusion of tongues fill Mr. Helmstone's mind, and he looks up alarmed. " I can't help it, love," says Mrs. Helmstone in her natural voice. Then relapsing again— " Urn -bo tunnin." "Why not, Lionel?" asks Mrs. Peyton, apropos of nothing. "Ah!" said Mr. Helmstone, "yon bring us back to our subject. You haven't decided on the child's name, and he is to be christened to morrow." " Name him after Mr. Helmstone," said Lio nel. " Archibald," said Geraldine. "Don't," cried Mrs. Helmstone; "I behove in pretty names. Archibald is so solemn. I ' used to wonder how I should call you by it be fore I married you, my dear." " Lionel," repeated Mrs. Peyton. " I object," said Lionel; " something else." "You can't name him after his mother," said Mrs. Peyton, "because the nearest approach would be Jerry, and that's spelt with aJ. I found Lionel in a novel, and there are lovely names in some. Vivian, Percy, Orlando—or there are celebrated men by thousands." A woolly head elevated itself behind the lady's chair, and black Deb. appearing, spoke. "'Pears like I heerd ob a gemplemun named Diogenes oncet. Marsa Brown name one o' Sally's chillun arter him. Tink him berry 'plendid name." " Shall it be Diogenes ?" asked Lionel, with a laugh. Geraldine made no answer for some moments; then she spoke. "My love, do you know whom baby really looks tike—very, very much like ? little Otho ; his very eyes, my dear." " You are right," said Lionel in a trembling voice. " Shall we name him Otho ?" Lionel bowed his head. Tears started to Mrs. Helmstone's eyes. And Mrs. Peyton turned to the clergyman. "I thought of suggesting Otho," she said. " Very proper, and a very good name, though peculiar." So there came to be another Otho heir to Grantford Grange—pattering with bis baby feet over the polished floors, gazing wonderingly at the pictures in the long gallery, and growing every year more like the child whose end had been so untimely—whose fate so sad; like him physically, but more yielding—more willing to be guided—more easOy taught than the former Otho—for no gipsy blood ran riot in his veins, and no gipsy mother had nursed him at her breast. Now that Grantford Grange was really Lio nel Peyton's—cow that, free from the hor rible shadow which had darkened his life so long, he stood amongst his fellow men a free and happy man, with Geraldine his wife— new thoughts and impulses began to fill his soul. He had always been gentle and kind—si ways romantic and noble of thought. Now he began to shake off the indolence which was rather due to his education than his nature, and to seek to do good to his fellow-men. Master of immense wealth, he used much of it in charity, much in the furtherance of great and worthy objects; and Geraldine, his help meet in very truth, was always besides him to aid and encourage him. Never amongst the rich men of the place had Mr. Helmstone found one so ready with brain and purse to aid all charitable projects and often, in the quiet of the parsonage study, the old man muttered : "My judgment was right, after all. I did well in believing in him." As for Mrs. Helmstone, Lionel and Geraldine were the adopted children of her heart. The real mother, Mrs. Peyton, dwelt in state at the Grange. She revelled in its luxury, and 1 delighted in the respect her son gained. She i never found fault with Geraldine, which was 1 much for her, and expanded any nervous ir- ritation she found it impossible to repress upon the servant*. Yet, on the whole, she wm wondrously amiable, for never for yean had ■he so revelled in the finery the adored. She had garments of the richest fabric, and ornaments at once costly and elegant. The ravages of time were repaired by cosmetics and pomades as far as possible; and having always been a pretty woman, Mrs Peyton found it easy to believe old Deb's assertion that she looked " a heap younger nor young Missy." She spent her time upon herself, and thought of herself, as usual. But as she occasionally superintended a little toilette, or saw to the adminstration of little suppers, Mrs. Peyton grew to fancy herself a most self-sacrificing grandmamma. After all their trials, Lionel and Geraldine led a wonderonsly peaceful life; lorers still, as the years glided by, bearing their early youth away with them. Other children came to share their hearts with their first-born, and grew up healthy, and handsome, and good, to bless their age. And perhaps under the blue sky of Heaven one could have found no happier home than thut wilhin the grey and moss-grown walls of Grantford Grange. THE END. 