GHOSTS. TO THE EDITOR OS THE WALLABOO TIMES. Sir,—As Adelaide seems to have been favoured with a good supply of ghost, tappings and knockings of late, I began to fear we should be quite behind the Metropolis, but the other night, after my first sleep, bearing a strange noise at the foot of my bed, I sat up, and behold! there appeared two large sea birds. I could tell they were intelligent by the brightness of their eyes. One of them spoke and bid me not to be alarmed, as they had chosen me to lay their grievances before the public. I immediately placed my services at their disposal. The first spokesman told me that he was the ghost of the Clinton pier, which had been built some years ago at a great expense ; that she (the pier) had never been made any use of on account of her not being long enough. She had been promised while building to be taken out to seaward, so that passengers and goods could be shipped alongside, and with or in conjunction with a Tramway to Kadina, and a steamboat to Port Adelaide, the journey could be accomplished in five hours or even less. She would never have complained at her desolate situation, but a small boat, drawing a foot of water, the other day had failed to get alongside, and the curses the boatmen uttered, and the talk about wiseacres and squandering the public money had'so hurt her feelings, that if something were not done for tier soon, she hoped that for once the sea would come up to her relief and wash her out of existence. And, further, the ghost stated that it had been made known to him that a worse act of folly was about being committed at Port Wakefield, which had already frightened one agent away, and it was reported ir he was caught they intended to put him in the Lion's Den. The lagt two words very much frightened my wife, who from the first had snoodled herself in the bedclothes, and who would ever and anon .whisper, father, do get rid of them ; but I felt quite interested in my visitor. The one from Port Wakefield now spoke. He told me that he had come to instruct me to lay the com plaints of Port Wakefield before the public. The outer bar plainly states, that deepen her as you will, she will immediately fill up again ; that the creek you can keep in order, but outside it is impossible. She, too, had been cursed times out of number; particularly a few years back, when the Malacca arrived to land some mules. She (the port) was then: held in utter desecration, and was shortly after abandoned. The ghost of the port informed me that the Wakefield would not have troubled me about this business but that his hen for better security had gone up above Port Augusta a considerable distance, and in scratching to make her nest, had come upon a lode of copper, and as that was too hard to sit upon, she had to fly a great distance further to get a suitable place free from the copper lode. The ghost stated he thought a road from Kadina to Clare, and then further North would open up the country to great advantage; and certainly some rich deposits of copper would be discovered, and then there would be a fair chance for the working man, who at present seemed to be thought little of ; in fact one member of the House had lately, stated that they ought to be driven out of Adelaide. I assured both the ghosts that i would endeavour to do my best for their Employers, and would endeavour to get their ills published in a paper called the Wallaroo Times, whose columns I had always found lean on the side of justice; and, further, that if possible I would make it my business to com municate with some of the members of both Houses and endeavour to persuade them to redress all wrongs by bringiug in a Bill. At the word Bill the birds expanded their wings, their feathers stood erect, and I could see that I had offended them. They thought I had alluded to their beaks. Whit sensitive ghosts ! thought I. However, we agreed to substitute egg for Bill, and as both must come to maturity to be useful, I promised to try and get the members to continue their sittings until they had brought forth a goodly chicken that would give satisfaction to all, and that other broods would be hatched giving universal con fidence throughout the land. After I had renewed my promise to the ghosts to represent all fairly and honourably, and as they will return in a week to know what can be done for them, and as I hope their next visit will be the last, and as X have not much spare time for writing, I here looked up and they were both vauished, leaving the words, in feathers, k4Mind, next week." So till next week I must stop. P. W.t Kadina. 