TOPICS OF THE DAY By the kindness of Mr. George Young we have a copy of the European Times of April 2, received via Panama, from which we gave commercial news in yesterday's issue. Our extremely full telegrams a day or two since anticipatpid most of the items in this paper. We may add that Lord Derby has been suffering from gout, and at the last dates was confined to bis bed. There are foil details, though not very interesting, of the cession of Russian Ame rica to the United States. The Post nays this is full of direct hostility to Great Britain, and is, in fact, a challenge from Washington. On the 28th Hatch Lord Stanley stated that if the Porte chose voluntarily to cede the island of Crete to Greece no steps in opposition would be taken. On the Great Eastern weigh ing her anchor ior New York on Ifaiwh 26, some part of the machinery gave way, killing two men. and seriously injuring eight or ten more. The Imperial loan of three millions for the Canadian railway was carried by 247 to 67 ; Gladstone supporting and B. Lowe vehe mently opposing it. On March 30, in the North German Parliament, a resolution was carried, in opposition to Bismark, that the deputies should have their travelling expenses paid. On the 29th March the Chancellor of the Exchequer stated that an Irish Reform Bill would te laid before Parliament after Easier. The Moonta case was resumed on Friday, by Mr. Bagot replying on the points of whether Eyan had a legal right, and if so, whether it was transmissible. Mr. Boncaut followed on the same side, and after speaking some time, Mr. Stow objected that he was pot. confining himself to the points to which it was agreed the argument should be exclusively directed. This led to a very long discussion, Mr. Boocaui saying that be could not avoid referring to col lateral questions. Mr. Way said he could not separate the points. The Chief Justice saw a difficulty sometimes in trying to decide on one point, for they found the points interlaced, so that they could not be separated. After a long discussion between the Bench and the counsel on both sides, it was arranged that Mr. Boncaut, and the counsel with him, should go on with the whole case, the other side to follow, and Me Boncant to reply. It being nearly I o'clock, the Court seeing that the case could sot be concluded in the day, adjourned it till after the CivO Sittings. Some extraordi nary scenes occurred between Mr. Justice Bootbby and the other Judges, and several members of the bac The first batch, of leases of scrub lands, with right of purchase under the Scrub Lands Act, is now advertised for sale. Oar country friends will be glad to learn that Mi« AiHro?i intends to give readings at Woodside, Mount Pleasant, and Angaston next week. For programme, which contains some of her best pieces, see our advertising columns. On Friday morning, shortly after the mail left Mount Pleasant, tile horses ebyed at something on the road, and ran up an embank ment, completely upsetting the bus and throw ing down all the four hones at the same time. No great damage was done besides the breaking of the lamps and some other trifling injury. For tunately there was only one passenger inside at the time. The guard, Mr. ft. Lahiffe, says no blame is attributable to the driver, A. Solo mon, as the horses turned off so suddenly that it was impossible for him to help it. The mafl arrived at Adelaide at the proper time. The usual monthly meeting of the Committee of the Agricultural Society was held at the Norfolk Arms on Friday, June 7. There were present—The Hon. John Baker, President of the Society (in the chair), the Horn. T. Hogarth and A. Blyth, Messrs. S. Davenport, C. Giles, A. McKenoe, E. S. Kelly, W. Hackett, J. Paseoe, A. Greig, D. lithgow, E. Smith, B. D. Boss, G. F. InA, H. H. Hanssen, and E. W. Andrews, and Mr. D. Kekwick (Acting-Secretary). The President read the minutes of the last meeting, which were con firmed. He then remarked, as one of the depu tation which had waited upon His Excellency with reference to increasing the funds of the Society, that they were very favorably received, and had good hopes from what had been said by His Excellency and the Chief Secretary that the means of the Society derived from the Government would be much increased. It was suggested by the Chief Secretary on being informed that more accommodation was needed at the Exhibition Building that the Committee should send in plans of what they required. He (the Chairman) bad spoken to Mr. Ward on the subject, and he had promised to see that plans were forwarded. The deputation, instead of asking for £200 had resolved to ask for £2,000, and it was promised that the Government would recommend a larger sum than the Society already received. No doubt the mem bers of the Society had read the report in the newspapers. The Hon. S. Davenport said ha had read the reports with pleasure, and he thought it was their duty in this country to place agriculture in a prominent position, see ing that it was such a great agricultural country. The President remarked that the most important business for that meeting was to receive notice of any alterations which were required to be made in the rules. The general meeting would beheld in July, when the rules would be revised, and members would have a month to think over the proposed alterations. He then read a fetter from Mr. Ward, the Secretary to the Society, suggesting certain, alterations. Several of those present then gave notice of alterations which they intended to propose in the rules. Mr. Pascoe thought a different method should be had of taking money at tfie gates. Some check should be had upon the money-takers, for at present there was none whatever. He did not wish to insinuate any thing against the money-takers, but be thought it would be better for all parties if some system of checking them were devised. He gave notice of motion of that for tte next meeting. The President then read a letter from Or. Muecke, of Tanunda, with reference to the essays on wheat diseases, and offering to give a lecture on the subject before the members of the Society if they wished. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Smith, seconded by the Hon. T. Hogarth, that Dr. Muecke's offer be at once accepted, and that the thanks of the Committee be given to him for his offer. On the motion of the Hon. A. Blyth, seconded by the Bon. T. Hogarth, the following gentlemen were appointed a Sub- Committee to carry out the necessary arrange ments for tbe lecture—the President, and Messrs. W. Haekett and J. Pascoe. A Sub committee to revise the prize list for the August Show was next elected, and the following seven gentlemen were chosen for that purpose:— Messrs. B. Smith, W. Thomson, W. Ferguson, W. Haekett, Allan Bell, J. Chambers, and J. Frame. Messrs. E. M. Bagot, W. Ferguson, and W. Everard, M.P., were elected a Sub- Committee for the purpose of selecting the land for the Ploughing Match. A brief discussion then ensned as to which would be the best day for the lecture, the majority of the meeting being of opinion that there would be a larger attendance at the lecture if it was given on the evening of the day on which tbe general meet ing was held. It was, however, left to the Sub committee to fix any other day as early as pos sible, if that time did not suit Dr. Muecke. The meeting then dosed. A public entertainment in connection with the Elocution Class of the South Austra lian Institute was given in the reading-room on Friday evening, Jose 7. There was a large at tendance, the room being crowded. Mr. Neville Blyth, M.P., occupied the chair, and appro priately initiated th* entertainment with soms well timed remark < ies|>e:liu^ (lie ahaut^ea uttmidant ujkhi :i.i ■ir l :ui..l.>ur.- wild cl huiiui He stated that the class couuet-'led With tlie In stitute for the study of that particular branch of learning was established in 1566. Tbe average number of members had been 30, and about 300 recitations and readings had been given. The subscription was Is. per quarterfor members of the Institute, and 2s. 6d. for other persons. The programme was then commenced, out nearly in the dark, in consequence of the gas failing to burn. This, however, was subsequently remedied, and—as the Chair man had expressed a hope—<^JM<imi light was thrown upon the proceedings. The pieces selected were without exception rendered remarkably well, and the audience not ■infrequently in as nnmistakeabk manner evinced their appreciation. Where all was car ried out so excellently it would be invidious to particularise, and we shall therefore content ourselves with simply appending the pro gramme : —Pajt L—" Mark Antony's Oration,'' Mr. Wm. Patterson ; scene from the " finals," Act 2, Scene 1, Sir Anthony Absolute. Mr. Harry Spaiks; Captain Absolute, Mr. Mon teith; "Horatioe," Mr. Toms; a sketch fioen Dickens, the Hon. Secretary (Mr. H. F. Price); scene from " Othello," Act 3, Scene 3, Othello. Mr. Patterson; lago, Mr. Shakespeare; "Phil Considine and the Banshee," Mr. P. M. Cole man. PartDL—"The Deluge," Mr. Macdonald; A Caudle Lecture, Mr. Shakespeare; scene from "Hamlet," Act 1, Scene 3, Hamlet, Mr. Patter son ; Ghost, th? Hon. Sec.; Horatio, Mr. Mac donald; Marcellus, Mr. Coleman; "A Night's Adventure," Mr. Phillips; "The Frenchman and the Bats," the Hon. Sec ; "Darkness," Mr. Maranilliin ; scene from the " Rivals," Act 3, Scene 1, Sir Anthony Absolute, Mr. Harry Sparks; Captain Absolnte, Mr. Monteitb ; and "Princess Alice Maud's Christening,"Mr. P. M. Coleman. On the motion of Mr. Toms a hearty vote of rtmiif was accorded to the Chairman, and the gathering dispersed. An adjourned meeting of die general Committee of the members of die In dustrial Protection League was held at tbe Hotel Europe on Friday evening. There weie about 70 persons in attendance, and die Hon. H. Mildred, M.L.C.. President of due League, occupied the chair. In opening the proceedings he remarked that considerable time had been spent by the members of the Com mittee in preparing a form of an unproved tariff, which would be read by die Secretary, and which it was thought would be better for the colony than the existing one. last Friday evening a meeting was convened for die pur pose of considering the "tariff, bat on account of insufficient notice having been given, the business was not proceeded with. After die tariff was read it would be opsa for any gentleman to make any remarks he chose upon it, and the Committee would be willing to give any information in their power on die matter. Before, however, die tariff was read there was a resolution to propone. Mr. Connor moved the first resolution, as under—" That in the opinion of this nwmHng the stagnation of trade will be best remedied by a. revised tariff, which shall give encouragement to native in dustries." He made a few remarks in moving the resolution, pointing oat the number of un employed there were aboat tiM"*-, sod that die only way in which it could be r?^Hi~l was by promoting native nuumfactores, and he hoped they would agree to the new tariff. The motion having been briefly seconded by Mr. J. I B. Champion, was carried unanimously amidst applause. The Secretary then read the pro posed new tariff. Mr. Bean then briefly explained die system on which tbe tariff had been framed, remarking diat it was prepared so as to give every encou ragement to colonial manufacturers, by taking die duties off raw «"«fr?HMs *ad placing diem on those articles which could be manufactured here. He dien toadied upon die principal arti cles in die tariff, and concluded by remarking that diat was not die entire tariff, but only an outline. He suggested diat every article should be mentioned in die tariff, die same as was done in the Ammran tariff. Mr. Ferris proposed die i next resolution—" That this inncfang approves of the amended draft tariff as now reao\ and pledges itself to use every lefta™*** means to I secure its adoption by die country.'" The reso lution having been seconded, Mr. Joseph Skal- | ton, in a lengthy speech, referred to the articles I in die tariff, and took objection to die amount of dnty placed upon some of diem. He pointed out those particolariy which he thought could be made in the colony, in cluding fancy goods, glassware, artificial flowers and millinery, felt bats, ladies' underetoth ing, boots andj shoes, rope and cordage, flnnnpin, doors and windows, wrapping and printing paper, furniture, dried fruits, and several other articles, and on which he thought higher duties should lie placed. He also pointed out those which he considered t>hoold be allowed to come in free of duty, sod ad vooated a higher tax being placed upon lnxn ries. Some discussion ensued on tbe subject, which was taken part in by several persons pre sent Mr. CottreD expressed his surprise at Mr. Skelton picking die tariff to pieces diat evening, as he was one of die Committee who had assisted in drawing it nj>, and had had an opportunity of discussing it at die Commit tee meetings. Mr. Skelton «H<u4«imT^ the re marks of Mr. CottreO, and said diat he had been away from several of die Committee meetings through absence in die country, and had not seen the draft tariff for a week until diat evening, and if he saw anything in it to which he objected, he was perfectly right in stating his objections. After some further discussion. Me Skelton moved and Mr. John dark seconded a resolution to die effect diat die meeting be ad journed to that night fortnight, and tiiaithedoft tariff be reconsidered fay die Committee, and diat in die meantime 200 copies of die tariff be printed, so that member might have an oppor tunity of looking over it and carefully consider ing it. The motion was carried. Mr. Skelton stated diat letters had been received from Sydney and Queensland, the substance of which was that meetings of a sunflar nature to diat were being held in those places. (Hear, hear.) The meeting then dosed. We are unable to give die tariff, as die Chairman and several of the Committee thought diat as it was to be greatly altered it would be better not to publish it at present, and as die speeches all referred to the hues in die tariff, they would be unin telligible without die tariff itself, so diat we have merely given die substance of die mwHig There was a capital bouse at tb* Vic toria Theatre on Friday evening on die occasion of Mr. Hoakins's benefit The performances were under die patronage of His Excellency, die Chief Secretary, die Mayor, die Colonel Commandant, and die principal officers of die volunteer corps. His Excellency was not present, but there was a large gathering of die dite of Adelaide, an-l altogether die dieaire presented a brilliant appearance. The first piece was die comedy of die "Poor Gendemaa." The hero of the drama was lieutenant Worth ington, one of Britain's _ heroes, who ended a. noble career as a. lieutenant, disabled, poor, and in difficulties. This character was well rendered by Mr. Bayner, who gave an admirable picture of die dignity and composure of die soldier and gendeman, shown in all reverses of fortune and allexteemefi of adversity. Emily Worthington, brought op in adversity and amid die stirring scenes of asoUvT's life, with ail die simplicity and seU-poaaeasion of a true-hearted girt, nnspoflpd by the hypocrisies and iffffnvpfiriffnyKfif? of ftM^vmaHft life, was well rendered by Mdue. St Dems. Her scenes with Sir Charies Cropland, and die «i?«wof. in which she endeavored to repel his advances, were well given, and called forth great applause, acannnaiuied by occasional tooqqets. The 800. Miss Lucreda McTab, die «A^.?. e old maid, who seems to have annoyed all her relations in torn, was well played by Mrs. Holmes. The funny group of die Brambles, Dobbins, and GUapod were vastly entertaining. Sir Robert Bramble was repreae?te-t by Mr. Mnsgrave, who acted his part in a most effective and am?*mg style. The Baronet's hatred of flattery, love of argument, and eccentricities of tamper, were capitally given, while Humphrey Dobbins, who humored him and himself by always enntradirt ing him in die most brusque manner, varying this by very left-handed comnlimeota, was ad mirably rendered by Mr. Chartes Young. Cornet Ollapod, a volunteer cornet and apothecary, was personated by Mr. Horirina. who gave widt great success the mingled humor and bunkum of die character. Sir Charies Cropland, whose principal qualities are puppyism and libertinism, was repre sented by Mr. Morrison, who acted bis part fairly. The character has in it nothing striking or uncommon, though the sudden refor mation is rather startling. Frederick Bramble, the gay, dashing, open-hearted nephew of Sir Robert, was well acted by Mr. Stuart O'Brien. He and his utcle were somewhat eccentric, but seemed to be good at bottom, and die final union of Fred and Miss Worthington was a natural conclusion to arrive at At the close of the piece there were vociferous calls for "Hos kins," who appeared before die curtain and expressed himself in feeling terms in actaoow* Udgment of the compliment, and of the appre ciation of his efforts shown by die presence of die Luge and brilliant assembly who had at tended his benefit. The interlude entitled "Our Uncle," by Mr. Isaacs, followed. The characters were few and die plot simple. Flake, an extortionate agent,- with a derk who appears to belong, or to fancy he belongs, to the legal profession, were represented respectively by Mr. Hoskins and Me Chaa. Young. Bloater. a money lender, who bolted from Liverpool 20 years ago, turns out to be die uncle of Miss Honeydew, whom he had been pursuing with die terrora of die law. Having robbed her mother, he is obliged to return tbe money to the daughter, who marries Fluke. The young lady was represented by Miss Arnot, and the uncle by Mr. Musgrave. The introduction of a few local hits made die piece slide, and die final scene, where all embraced and adhered to each other in caterpillar fashion was decidedly effective. There were loud calls for the author at die con clusion of the piece, interspered with some sounds of dissent The comedy of "Cool as a Cucumber" followed, and created immense laughter. To-night " The Merchant of Venice" will be played, Mr. Hooking appearing as Sby lock, and MdUe. St Denis as Portia ; this will be followed by die farce of "Founded on Fact*." I 