EXTRACTS (From the ? News.) The 'Pall Mall' ? contains the following ? of July 15 cerning which no ? explanation has appeared ter:—We doubt whether many quan- of royal hospitality is record ? than that which was enacted ? day last, when the Grand Tur the Queen of England at ? Castle. His imperial majesty Buckingham-palace at 11 a.m., arrvied at the Windsor Station of the Great Western Railway as the clock struck 12. At the station his majesty was met by Prince Arthur and Prince Louis of Hesse ; a procession of royal carriages was formed ; the royal cortege proceeded through Windsor, into the Longwalk, and thence entered the Home-park and the Castle by George IV.'s gateway. A battery of the Royal Horse Artillery on the south slope near the terrace fired a royal salute as the procession passed through the park, and at 12.20 the Queen, surrounded by her family and by the great officers of State, received the Sultan at the foot of the staircase at the Sovereign's entrance. The presentations occupied about half an hour. At 10 minutes to 1 luncheon was served to the royal and imperial party in the Oak-room, and to the suite in attendance in the dining-room; and, after five minutes for refreshment, and five minutes for leave-taking, his imperial majesty found himself at 1 p.m. reseated in a royal carriage on his way back to the station, whence he was hurried by train to Buckingham-palace, which he reached exactly at 2 p.m. Shortly after the Grand Turk's visit had been brought to this brisk conclusion the Queen left Windsor for Osborne. ' I'll Follow Thee !' is the designation of a cartoon in a late number of the ' Tomahawk.' It represents the Prince of Wales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of Georgo IV., to whom the prince is staying, "I'll follow thee!" "The in- ference is obvious, and the publication of such a picture is surely a sign of the times; for the 'Tomahawk' (says the Flaneur in the 'Star ') is by no means ' a low Radical paper,'. It is another sign of the times, which will probably have been noticed by those whose in- clination or whose duty prompts their attendance at public dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of enthusiasm, is now received with comparative coldness, the mention of the name of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sympathy and personal attachment. Qui vivra, verra.' On Friday, June 28, a scene of a most exciting nature occurred at the Zoological Gardens, Regent's-Park. It appears that a countryman, while look- ing at the bears, accidentally dropped his hat into the pit, and, to recover it, had the foolhardiness to descend the pit. As soon as he got to the bottom he was seized by one of the bears, and imme- diately two others came from their cave and also seized him, and began dragging him towards it. Some sticks were thrown to him by the excited lookers on, but fortunately one of the keepers went to the man's assistance, and succeeded in setting him free. The Register-General for Scotland mentions in his 10th detailed annual re- port that in 1864 the illegitimate births in Scotland were 9.9 in every 100 births. ln the north-eastern divisions they were 15.5 per cent. A 10 years' average shows that 9.1 per cent. of the children were illegitimate in Scotland. Accord- ing to the numbers of births registered as illegitimate in England, only 6.4 per cent, were illegitimate in that country during the same period. It seems that illegitimacy is on the increase in Scot- land, as during 1856 and 1757 only 8.5 per cent. of the births were illegitimate. The 'Church News' expresses the indignation which is felt by 'Anglo- Catholics ' generally at the honours which have been shown to the Sultan and the Viceroy pf Egypt. Regretting that instead of making the Sultan a Knight of the Star of India— an honour at once appropriate and high — he should have been made a Knight of the Garier, our comtemporary proceeds :— ' This latter is a Christian Order, with Christian statutes and Christian worship, and which a Mahometan, until he has been converted and baptised, should have nothing to do. Without intending to be personal, this is casting pearls before — But we stay our pen.' The Queen's dinner to the Belgians at Windsor; to which they did ample justice, included, in addition to the standing joints of beef, lamb, and veal, 750 roast fowls, 250 roast ducks, 250 pickled tongues, 200 pigeon and veal pies, 250 lobster salads, a handsome dessert of black and white grapes, melons, greengages, strawberries. rasp- berries, and 2600 bottles of Champagne, Moselle, hock, claret, port, and sherry. Lymington in Hants, has ceased to a salt-producing place. Salteries been in existence there for nearly 900 years. At the commencement of the present century upwards of 5000 tons were produced there in one year. The Popular Science Review contains the following interesting description of a new ice making machine, invented by a Mr. Tonelli. If some of our readers would introduce them in this colony, within the next three or four months, we are sure that they would command a large sale:—' The inventor calls it the glacier roulante. It is a simple metallic cylinder, mounted on a.foot. The salt of soda and the salt of ammonia are added in two operations ; the smaller cylinder containing the water to be frozen is introduced into the interior, and the orifice is closed by an india- rubber disc, and then by a cover fastened with a catch ; the cylinder is then placed in a sac, or case of cloth, and it is made to roll on the table with a slight oscillatory movement given by the hand. After a lapse of ten minutes, the water in the interior of the cylinder becomes a beautiful cylinder of ice. Nothing is more simple, more economical, or more which costs 10f., and gives us, moreover, what could not hitherto be obtained with an apparatus containing freezing mixtures— the means of freezing a de- canter of water or a bottle of cham- pagne. The apparatus, in a case, packed for travelling, with twenty kilo- grammes of refrigerating materials and a measure, costs, at present only £1." Courier. Instinct or reason? A corres- pondent, a squatter, upon whom we can rely, sends the particulars of what happened to one of his shepherds who fell asleep on duly while attending on his flock. The sheep were lost for the day, and the shepherd with his dog returned home, the man being very disconsolate. As the shepherd was a "hatter," viz., living by himself, cooking his own food, and not being of the most amiable temper, he vented his ill luck on the dog, poor Balley, thrashing him soundly, whereupon the faithful Balley left the hut crying from the drubbing. A little 'after midnight Balley returned with all the sheep, rounded them up, and drove them into the yard for the night, much to the delight of the shepherd.— Pastoral Times. A destructive compound. — The Progres of Lyons publishes a letter from a chemist of Marseilles, who suggests a mode of opposing the needle-guns by a Creek fire he has invented. He says :— 'To give an idea of the efficiency of my discovery, I declare and am ready to prove that I can, at a distance of 1000 metres, envelop an army of 100,000 men ln a sea of flame, within less than five minutes. If a town is to be taken by assault I have no need of a Rotopschine as I can set it on fire in very nearly the same period.' In a naval battle I would run into the enemy, and in fifteen seconds cover all the deck of the vessel with a torrent of flame which would burn the rigging, penetrate between the decks, and instantaneously stifle all the crew. In an attack on a seaport, I could burn the town and arsenals, within range, with the rapidity of light- ning. With such means' no war is possible, as neither victors nor van- quished would return from the field of battle. As to the fortress of Luxem- burg, the subject of dispute at the present, I undertake to rid it of its garrison in a quarter of an hour. Patent tallow-making.—We (Mel- bourne Economist) learn that Mr. John Van Hemert has protected his system of extracting tallow from carcases by a 'patent.' The plan adopted is so simple, as well as effectual, that nothing but a patent could protect him. As the system of boiling-down our surplus stock must assuredly be introduced into almost every district in the colony, in such an extraordinary grass-producing as this, it will be the object of the squatter to obtain the most simpler and cheapest apparatus for the purpose. From what we learn of this new plan, there is no expensive boiler for the pur- pose of producing steam, independnet of the 'steam-boiler,' which is boiler and vat as well ; only a small quantity of water is used, and by an arrangement with a false bottom, it is found impos- sible to burn the tallow. Clarification by a very simple process, is effected, before the tallow is poured into casks, into which it is said to flow as white as paper. As these new boilers are made smalI enough for 50 sheep,'' and large enough for 100, every sheep-owner will be able to establish a boiling-do to suit the number of his surplus There is a strong objection, in senses than one, against boiling-do on private establishments, and that the abominable stench which has always followed the slaughtering ; but the pla adopted and recommended is to choose a spot of ground workable with a spade. Dig a trench, say four feet wide and two deep ; throw in the offal from both the slaughtering-yard and vat; cover up by digging a second trench alongside the first one, leaving a six-inch wall of earth between. This mode completely deodorises the offensive animal matter, and the whole being turned over in a few months, and well mixed, will form a valuable mass of manure, perfectly free from taint, but very effective for either grain, roots, or grass. 