MISCELLANEOUS EXrRACT.I Pleasukes of a\ Editor —No man more fully ex -minifies the story of the Irish drummer when flogging the private than the editor of a naner. ''for strike high or low.' as Pat. said, there s n* plazm them, loure msunerahly dry and tedious if you're political— you're frivolous if discursive— you're scurrilous if you scarify vice or check wantonness in fact, you're the man and his asn, und cannot please anybody A writer in an American paper portrays our posit' on admirably. He say»: — ' That if a pai«r dips into legislation too much the people won't have it If the type is small they can't read it. If we publish telegraph report?, folks say they are nothing but lies. If we omit them, they say we have no enterprise, or suppress them for poli tical effect. If we put in a lew jokes, folks say we are nothing but a r.ittlehead. If we don't admit jokes, they say we are an old fossil. If we publish original matter, they blame us for not giving selections. If we publish selections, folks say that we are h-zy for not writing more and giving them what thev have not read in any other paper. If we give a public man complimentary notices, we are censured lor being' partial. If we do not, all hands say we are un uncouth bear. If we insert an article which pleiises the ladies, men tiecome jealous. If we do not cater to their wUhes, the paper is not lit to have in their houses. If we attend church, they say it is only foreflect. If we do not, they denounce us as deceitful and terribly wicked. If we remain in the office and attend to business, folks sav we are too proud to mingle wi:h our fellows. If we go out, they say we never attend to our business. If we do not pay our bills promptly, folk say we are not to be trusted. If we do pay promptly, they say we ktole the money.' A Judge's Ghost Story. — A mirth loving Judge, Justice Powell, could be as thoroughly humorous in private life as he was fearless and just upon the bench. Swift describes him as a surpastsiugly merry old gentleman, laughins heartily at all ccmic things, and at his own droll stories more than aught else. In court he could not always refrain from jocularity. When Fowler, Bishop of Gloucester— a thorough believer in what is now-a-days called spiritualism— was persecuting his acquaintance with filly stories about ghosts, Powell gave him a telling reproof for hia credulity by describing a horrible apparition which was represented as having disturbed the narrator's rest on the previous night. At the hour of midnight, as the clocks were striking 12, the Judge was roused from his first slumber by a hideous sound. Starting up he saw at the foot of his uncompinioned bed a figure— dark, gloomy, terrible -holding before its grim and repulsive Tisage a lamp that shed an uncertain light. 'May Heaven have mercy on us!' tremulously ejiculated the Bishop at this part of the story. Ihe Judge continued h'w story, 'Be calm, my lord Bishop; be calm. The awful part of this mysterious interview has still to be told. Nerving myself to fashion the wonls of enquiry, I an dresetl the nocturnal visitor thus — 'Strange beiniz, why hast thou come at this still hour to perturb a sinful mortal?' You understand, my lord, I said this in hollow tones— in what I may almost term & sepulchral voice.' 'Ay, ay.'' said the Bishop. 'I implore you to go on. What did it answer?' 'It answered, in a voice not greatly d n'erent from the voice of a hunianjcreature.— 'Please, Sir, I am the watchman on beat, and your street door ii open' '—Book about Lawyers. Womax us' the Lewes. — A correspon dent in the Glasgow Herald contributes a few pocial 1 sketches of the manners ana customs of our Hebridean countrymen, from which we take the following description of ' Women in the Lewes :' 'The women in thi« island do all the heavy work. They din. delve, and hoe; they carry heavy loads of manure to the fields, aad in the peat season you may see them all day carrying creelfuls of peat from the bog. You will often see a man trudging along the road beside a woman, but the creel is always on the woman's back. If they come to a river or ford, the woman crosses first, deposits her creel on the other ride, and then returns to carry the man across. I only saw this once, but the farmers tell me it is a thing of every-day occur rence. When the creel is empty, the man some times slings it over his own shoulders, and then mounts upon the back of the woman, who carries them both across together. Tbia, I am to'.d, is the only occasion on which by any chance you see a creel upon the back of a man. The woman in the rural districts here is, in fact, a beast of burden, and men. in looking out for wives, look largely to muscular development. A story is cut rent amone the English-speaking farmers that illustrates this conception of woman's mission. In tha middle of one peat season, when labour was much in demand, a man, who was supposed to be a confirmed bachelor, suddenly married. A friend met him some days after. 'What for did yon take a woman like thatf said the friend 'Did you no hear,' replied the man, 'that my hone mtdeadf' Fashions in Visiting Cakd*.— Caids ire common w al- European nations, even to the Turks, but the style of address tli»reon is widely htferent. In France, a scinititi-; gintlt-mau append* o his name the designations of the variou-S -cieties o which he belongs, and a dtcori will frequently Mid sketches of the order thai embellish his coat, n Germany and other continental countries there s no stint of information as to a person's title aud ligmties, but in fcji^lantl the object is apparently o conceal everything bevond the name and per laps the address of the individual who leaves his »rd upon you. For in t mce, a canl bearing the ascription 'Mr. Jones' appears upon the table. Tones is Under-Secretory -f State for the Arctc R gions and President of the Koyal College of ftrdeijers, but doe* not vouchsafe to make this cuown to the world he cals upon. Ii Urjwu is in ;lie army he uuy perhaps give his regiment, but he retains the title of ' Mr,' leaving u doubtful whether he be a lieutenant, un ensign, or a surgeon. Robinson has al 30 not 'Mr.' on his card, but is liurt if he U addres«ed as B »binsoiL K--juire, for he is the Honourable Jack Kobiiwuu Why should not lhi- courtesy title form part of his 1 roper name? It would prevent mistakes, and tufihuutcrs might think more highly of him A somewhat unpopular young gentleman, who owned a magnificent twusc in the country, complained to one ot 11m friends that he was nit warmly received m society. 'Uavo a print of y«ur house engraved upon jour cards, ' was the reply, ?? and you'll ite at-kett 10 every pai ty hi London.' At one time it was Bugged that photographs should Ih* left instead of cards, and hence the term carted? rwifc ; but this was found to be lather t.10 exyen.-ive an itinusument for ordi n«y pockets, ami was very soon auaudoned. There would be no objection, it the system ouce became fasliimabe, to adding to the name the occupations or titles of individuals; butth-.-n the fashion would be 111 dinger of b.-ing pronounced vulgar unless it were s arted by those of highest rank, who, of course, are the very people who d.i n«t require description. *'«-r instance, ' Earl It.wsell, Prime Minister,' wouM l»e a needless amplification ; but in France it is required, and it is but a short time -ince that a French Minis:er gave great offence by leaving his card without tke necessary desiguutioii. —Fall Mall Gazette. American Bkavos — While I was sta tioned upon the Kio Grande, a quiet, respectahle citizen, whom I happened to know, arrived at Kio J»rand.;city, oppu.-re lk-marg.-, Hnd. entering a t'Uiiard saloon. s-e .ted himself to obseiveihega ue. He had not been there 1 -ng before a man wh 1 was an entire stranger to him came iu and blustered round a goo 1 deal, with Uie evident intention of creating a disturbance. He nude frequent insulting remarks to persons iu the room, endeavouring to bully them into a quarrel, but they did not seem disposed to come into collision w th him. At length, however, he approached the stranger, nml 111 an insulting tone said, 'Perhaps you may have something tneny about it?' 'About what. Sir I' herep'ied. 'Way, Sir. about my being the b ttt man m all Texas I make this assertion, aud would like to see the man who nresumed to differ with me upon that subnet.' Tliestrancerwassumucli annoyed at these impertinent ieiiurks that he re plied. In my opinion, you. instead of being the b st, are about the worst man 1 have met with in the Srate.' This brought ou a quarrel, which re sulted 111 both parties drawing their revolvers and firing several shots at each other iu rupid ttuc cessi.in. The man who gave t!ie insuit was killed, and the other was so severely wounded that he could not stand. At this juncture a notorious desperado enteied the establishment, and seeing the two men lying upon the floor, demanded to know what had happened, and on bei i- informed, drew Ins revolver, went up to the living man, who was stretched out powerless, and told him he in tended taking his life. The man begged of him to allow him to see a friend in town for a moment, in order to make dome amusements alwut his family ahairs. He told him he wuuld not permit it, and, hoi ling the pistol near hia head, deliberately tired several balls into his brain, either of which was sutneicut to take his life; after which he walked around the dead body of his victim for several hours, defying even body, and challenging the community to attempt his arrest. Ho one. how ever, felt di.spo-.ed to encounter the lieml, and ho was suffered to remain uuiuolestcd in town until the following day, when he mounted his horse and q'uetly rode off.— Thirty Years of Army Li/e un ihe lior-ler. Eloquence. —The result of the elections being known, and the material of the two Houses of Congress alwut to meet, we cun form some idea of the proceedings which are probably to be eutoml-ed in the volumes of the lilule. and embalmed in the columns of the News Letter. Future 'standard speakers'' and elocutionary treatises will hand down to generations vet unborn (as our orator would say) nuch specimens of American eloquence as the following :-l From Mr. Jones's great speech on the Army hstimates.] ' Mr. Speaker: 1'ne gent who h.is juHt sot down is tiyiug a little game of bluff with tins Honourable Hjuse; but if this House knows herself, she can see him and go him a few butter. Dots the gent reckon he can ring in a cold deck on the Imj'p, mid rake down the j»-l without showing his hand/ Not wtule this child can mm his pile, you kt you! This House will copper any mich proceeding. 1 he gentleman has made ree'her too many splits lately for me to believe that he's dealing on the square, and before we hav.-iiiio her turn, 1 want this little thing looked into. Mr. Speaker, I demand a fresh deal all round. I demand a new hand to keep the case. Them Treasury clerks are all in with old nun, and they just inane the cards to mit hw game. The way things are now, it's a reg'lar put up thiiu', and an outsider's got no more chance than :i cat in ? without ciii*t! Sir, is it for this thit our fathers fought and bled at New Orleans and Buena Vi-tn ; For tnis that their »ous laid down their lives and sacred honour at Fre derick- burg and Ant'efum/ Forbid it, 1'iovidenc Foruidit, Bobton!'— Han Frnnciscu Neics Letter. Our Young Men. —They arc sur roundel with circles ottering every facility to haziness and pure enjoyment. And what 00 these young men do with all this wealth of possession? I will Kketch a few of the courses into which they permit iheiu'elvc* to be seduced. One just out of his teens affects a mauly superiority ; culls ' the governor' slow ; orders his tailor to make garment* in a fast fashion; cultivates nil elegant Ijear.l ; secures a massive chain: ami, if possible, a splendid ring. # His bo its are a very important item to his man'iiies-; and then what ilt liberation upon the colour of bm glove-', and tiie tk-ubilhy of hw caue! As he steps from tne door 01 Iih plodding father, he puts a finish 10 his upi»?aiuuce by lignting it rig;ir, and with hat a la mwle. a ready prey for th-j panned woman, and an advtTtiseiueii' for men on the look -ut lor unsojili:sucaitd manhood. 1 do not s,iy that a ) ujhh mau may not have a gold ch tin, ami trousers nude in the height 01 fashion, if he likes. There id no religion in not huviiig these tilings. But fur the suke of all that is manly do not let a young man think that thin is to make 11 v 01 thy use of life, to be a show ilium, to be looked at in the strt-eis. Hut a you-i.' in in may have higher aims; he may l-e somewhat literary' in his ta- tus, nvty h.ive studied aniliciul rulcn of etiquette, and may select associiUioustli it are irreproachable. He permits hisvani'v, however, to grow iuto a chronic craving fo' ud niratiou; he aftem insensi bility to ui tract atttntioi.; fahs into the modcu fashion of a supercilious apathy; looks uniui passioiied undtr the 1110 t even tni uhcumstaiice*, and twirL the points of Ins mustache with ele^uut nonchutuvre. Kepu liutng nil domeslic and com mon inU'iCstH, he becomes yaluuieiH to humanity. The iniMt beautiful emotion of mill's iiatuie liecome-t fri^i'l. rlis self-ubsorpti-n grows into u conceit which relieves others frou» the duty of con siileniKr him. He never blesses, is never blest. Inetieclive in youth, unloved in nmiih- od, he liecomes testy ami spiene'ic in oil age, and dies t length uninissul and umuourned. And this in all he has made of a life that once lioresu iiiucn of pio mi^e. There i* another chtss, over whom my heart's aff. ctions linger with a longing solicitude. I ine.iii the clevt-r and face i--us young mau. He has quick parts, can sing will, or give recitation*; ever on ihe look-out for fun, he heaps up accumu latngstoiesof witticisms and repattee; and can repeal in character, Mrs. Caudle, Mrs. Brown, or the newest offering of this liierary school. No circle of his friends is wi'iiplete without him; the evening party must be delayed if he is engagfd; everybody likes him; young men and young ladies a'ike c ill him such a good fellow. And there is much that is good in him. His readiness and ab.lity to make hours of recreation brigluer, are not to be despised. But his kind hc.irtedness and endowments fit him for something higher than to lie a man who merely amuses to :iety. He thereby sutlers loss : neulect of solid reading, and culture of Belf-lhougtuB, lower bU own tone. The moral he ticks on to the end of his recitation fails to clear the balance- sheet of his conscience in better hours, l'he society that he lias charmed will seek another than he iu the importa t moments of their life. He will find himself sit asde ere long. His in fluence will die with the vanities of youth. He has no acquirements hut are cared for to tarry into riper manhood; and then nothing is more revolting than the merely farcical and comic old man. Thii is all he has made of life ; he has been the butteifly for sunny hours, aud has gone out when s turner days came. Would that my description might cease here, but the tale of failure has not run out. There are young men with the pathway of honour open before them, but who turn from it, and in pompous dash care for none of the things that would make for their peace. Like dogs kept n ungry that their went after the g ime may be keener and more impelling they slip the leash of what they term their 'mother's apron-string.' and burst upon life with a dare-devil spirit that defies control. The shu les of evening find them prowling U'dtr the mask of darkness after eiery kind of gratifica tiou ; their imagination having been polluted with the vile literature secretly circulated. From the dice or billiird table they go to the lighted hall, where prostitutes decked in fine apparel mingle in the waltz and ply their mi: erable arts, and thence to the hoime where I will not follow, and of which the Scriptures b iv that it 'in the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death.'— Life: What will you dj with it! Jiy theRtv. W. Gut F.G.S. Usixo up the Nervous Power. — Ir- BITABILITT AND DEPRESSION KEhtfLTIXG FBOM Uver-excitembnt.— The true objection to all stimulants alcoholic and narcotic, consisU simply in this- that they are a form of overdraft on the nervous energy which helps us to use up in one hour the strength of whole days. A man uses up all the fair, legal interest of nervous power by too much business, too much care, or too much amuse ment. He has now a demand to meet. He has a complicated account to make up, an essay or a sermon to write, and he primes him»elf by a cup of coffee, cigar, a glass cf spirits. This is exactly the procedure of a man who, having used the interest of his money, begins to dip into the principal. The strength a man gets in this way is just so much Uken out of his life-blond ; it is borrowing of a mciciless creditor, who will exact, in time, the pound of fle«h nearest his heurt. Much of the irritability which spoils some happiness is trie letting down from the over-excitement of stimulus. Some will drink coffee, when they own every day that it makes them nervous ; some v ill drug them selves with tobacco, and some with alcohol, and for a few hours' exira brightness give themselves and their friends many hours when amiability or aereeableness u quite out of the question. There are people calling themselves Christians who live' in miserable thraldom, for ever in debt to nature, for ever overdrawing on their just resources, and using up their patritnoKy, because they have not the moral courage to break away from a miserable appetite. The same may be said of numberless indulgences of the palate, which tax the utomach beyond its power, and bring on all the borrow of indigestion. It is almost impossible for a con firmed dyspeptic to act like a good Christian : but a good Christian ought not to become a confirmed dyspeptic Reasonable self-control, abstaining from all unreasonable indulgence, may prevent or put an end to dyspepsia; and many suffer and make their friends suffer only because tber will persist in eating what they know is hurtful to \btxa.- Atlantic Monthly for March. A philosopher, wiio married a vulgar but amiable girl, used to call hu wife brown war, tawnae he sud «ta wa» week l»t hjuwmo. 