THEATRE ROYAL. The second performance ;of " Samlet" drow a better house last night. was ia truth a good bouse, though not crowded ia aomo parts. Mr Anderson is evidently getting a good hold upon the large mass that is tho main support of tho theatre in these times, and he is doiag tbis, too, by merit. We like his "Ilamlet," conventional though it be, and not warmed with all thcisa kinmaking touches of work-a-day nature which have marked some more modern representations of this and other creations of tho dramatist. It seems to us to be a true picture of the Shakspearian thought, with, it is true, very much of that approach to tho stilted which bos so long heea part and parcel of tragic representations. But even that has a poetic buJg to it if it bs not ab surdly done. Of the absurd or tho ridiculous we see nothing in Mr Anderson's rendering, if we ex cept a few of thoso breast-beatings and gigantic sighings whioh sometimes suggest excess of passion. It iB a great work, and like many otber great works may be found to have defects, just bb an unskilled spectator of a game may note defects that pass unnoticed by the player? themselves, in the preoccu pation of use and aotion. In Mr Anderson's Hamlet vje see a really splendid picture of a man overmas tered by the abysses of horror, of hate, qf revenge, of diflgust, revealed —not all immediately, but poten tially—by the ghost q( his murderod father: a man shaken ffocu. all bis faith and hope iu truth and honesty, desiring tQ obey tho ghostly oharge, but baltiog, reSaiog, euepeotio^, doubting. Oscillation and abruptness seem quite iCM. gruous in euch a man, but we do not feel that violent u^rtin'oHi of such variations »» bo permissible. We do not like therefore the noisv way in which Mr Anderson breaks from his lie'enine to Horatio's and his friends' account of the apptar. anoe of the ghoafc to announce that he will watch with them next night, It j&is; upon the sense of fit ness and probability, and mara the really powerful effect of the preceding passages. A second beam* of the apostrophe to the Ghost pleased ua mote than the first. There are in the whole scene very many vivid flashes of nature, though the apaatrophe iM[ is a demand upon our capacity of belief—but thaV'u the poet's business not the aetoc's. Ontheflrst night we either missed, or the actor did, the words " 0 answer me," but the speech was perfect last night The great soliloquy is well done, but it iu"3 we think been better done on the eamo stage. The differences^ nevertheless ate minute and hardly expressible in words. Om of tho tamest lines in" tho Becond act last night was the initial one in that splendid passage, " 'What a piece of work is man," &c;, 'l'his was given abruptly after the preceding passage, and with a singular absence of emphasis and force. A.q eloquent pause, introducing the new Tein of thought, would have spread its influence over the whole passage, which in all but the first line was delivered with admirable accent and tone. Liula defects like these one might single out here and there in all the acts, but they bear no proportion to the merits of the performance, whose real greatness alone prompts to discovery of blemishes th&t; in ordinary renderings would pass unnoticed. It is a rendering to be studied often and carefully, as thi> actor himself has done, and one to be acknow ledged as a great mental feast, give us what other kinds of condiments the newer and less non-natural actors may give in these latter days. The applause last night was ns •vigorous as the silence was sometimes expressive, and\Mr Anderson was several times called before the Curtain. The other parts were filled as before. Why do not the manager or hia aids prohibit the admission of babies to the house? On both niishu of " Hamlet" some of the best scenes havo been spoilt by the squalling of babies, and morally fiom the gallery. We should say the acton would he glad to buy off all the babies in the gallery and pit, too rather than have the annoyance they cause. At' any rate, the audience generally would he pleased to hear that a prohibitive tariff hud been nlaeed by the management upon infants in aims, To- night " Macbeth" will be given. 