The Novelist. CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE; OR DID THEY HANG THE WRONG MAN? CHAPTER XXXIII. AT NEWGATE. BY MISS RALEIGH. ON the west side of the east mountain in Simsbury, now Granby, is situated the famous old copper mine, used for fifty years as the Con-<*> necticut State prison. It was christened "New- gate," and at the time of which we write was accounted the strongest prison in the country. The only entrance to the grounds was a huge gate opened by the soldier on duty. Inside the enclosure were two largo brick buildings, one used aa a dwelling house for the keepers and officers, and the other as a workshop for the convicts. Underneath the square room at the vest end of the dwelling house, was the only entrance to the caverns where the prisoners were confined from 4 o'clock every afternoon till daylight the next morning. This shaft went down 70 feet, mainly through solid rock, and when occe the iron trap-door that covered the entrance was bolted and barred, the convicts were, to all intents and purposes, buried alive. One might as well try to escape from his grave, after it was filled with soil and covered with dodfl. It was to this place that Job Fox, a noted counterfeiter of the time, was sent to serve out • five years' term of imprisonment for the crime charged and proven, of passing counterfeit money. He had been here before, and had Bade his escape more than once, but the place was not so strong or secure then as now. When the heavy gate that shut him within the en closure was secured, he felt, as he noted the im provements, that escape was next to impossible now. However, he did not despair. Job Fox was never so weak as that. It was past noon when his name, age, crime and term of imprisonment was entered on the books, his person searched, hair cropped, and prison suit donned, and he stood waiting to see what would come next. " Put him down in the caverns. To-morrow we'll find a place for him in the shop," said the officer to the soldier who was standing guard over Fox. "Yes, sir," answered the soldier, and Fox, heavily ironed, but with his haxds free, fol lowed the soldier into that square room afore- Bientioned. Here he noticed that additional bars had been placed over the trap-door, and that it was a thing impossible to force. The door once open disclosed a perpendicular shaft r with a heavy, ■toot ladder leading to the caverns below. A lighted lantern hung in the shaft, seeming to ■lock the gloom dwelling far down in the careens. Fox stepped on this ladder, dragging his chain after him. When he was about half way down, he saw the soldier following with the lantern in his hand. At last the bottom was reached, and they stood in a long, low gallery, along one side of which was the vein of copper, that had been worked before the mines were abandoned. It was a damp, unwholesome place, with water trickling down the sides, and gathering in pools hero and there. Other galleries opened from this, and in one, the driest, wen two long, raised platforms, covered with straw, on which the prisoners slept at night. "There," said the soldier, "you can tumble down here; we shant want anything more of you till daylight to-morrow morning," and away he went back through the gallery and up the shaft, taking the lantern with him. Job Fox stood watching the last glimmer of light disappear. A cold, anguish shudder ran over the man, strong as he was, when he heard the muffled clang of the trap-door falling back to its place. He was completely shut out of the world, and with a sigh he threw hnniyJf down on the straw to rest —perhaps to plan. For an hour or more he lay perfectly still and was nearly asleep when a sound disturbed him. What could it have been? He raised himself on his elbow and listened. It was as •till as the grave in all that dark place, save now and then he heard slow, trickling- drops of water plashing into the pools. He was abeut to Uf down again when the same sound was re peated. This tune he plainly distinguished a low, smothered groan. Something was in dis tress —a human being, probably, and not far off. Listening attentively, he traced the direction of the sounds. They came, evidently, not from the same gallery where he was himself, but from one adjoining. He remembered, now, that at a little distance on the right, was a long, narrow opening, that followed a branch in the copper vein. The sound came from that place. Job Fox, criminal as he was, had a kind side to his heart; he could not sit still and hear the sound of pain. He got up, and feeling by the damp, cold wall, dragged himself to. the end of the gallery. The chain and ball attached to him were heavy, and the iron ring around his leg hurt him at every step. " My eyes will get accustomed to the dark ness bo that I can see a little, after a while, but my leg won't get accustomed to the ring; it will only hurt worse and worse," muttered he, m he moved painfully along. At the end of the gallery he stopped. Now he heard the groans plainer. They were only a little way off. He followed on tiJ his feet rustled in straw, and he stumbled over some thing lying prostrate on the ground. "Hallo! what's here?" ejaculated Fox, stop ping suddenly. " What are you—devil or man ?" asked a hoarse voice from the straw, and Fox heard the cattle of chains, and imagined that the creature was raising itself to an upright position. "A little of both, I suspect," said Fox, dryly, answering the question just put to him. " Then you're like the rest of mankind. I'd rather deal with one pure, unadulterated devil than with the miserable mixtures who pass current in this world." "You're misanthropic, my friend. That's not to be wondered at in this miserable place. But cheer up, there are brighter days coming." The man groaned again, and Job Fox knew he had dropped his face b his hands, as well as if he had seen him in broad daylight. Job's own face expressed a painful uncertainty of some sort, if one could have seen it then. Something in the sound of the man's voice, or the words he spoke, disturbed him. After a moment he softly put his hand in his pocket, and took out a small tin box that, during his examination by the prison officers, had lain in one side of his mouth, like a tobacco quid. In this box were some curiously made matches, of his own invention. To unscrew the lid and rub one of those matches on the inside was the work of a moment. Instantly, the tiny white light revealed a heap > of scattered straw on the ground, a man crouched there, chained hand and foot, and the chains, about two yards long, fastened by staples into the solid rock which formed the wall of this gallery. The man's position said Despair plainer than any words could have done. The head was covered with a mass of matted, black curls, a little grey. The damp air made it curl all the closer, but the eager, questioning eyes of Job Fox saw nothing there to answer their question. In a moment the light made the man raise his head. What a terrible, despairing face that was! Long confinement in this damp, dark place had bleached the skin to a ghastly whiteness, and the black eyes—wells of burning misery—started out to meet the man standing over him. As for Job Fox, the instant he saw that tor tured face, he turned stony white himself, and reeling for an instant, dropped the match. It fell into a little pool of water, and with a hiss ing, spluttering sound went out. " Fool I" muttered Job Fox, striking his fore head with his clenched fist; "I might have known it before!" " Known what before ?" Taking care not to touch the man, Job sat down and began to question him. His ques | tions were odd and unconnected, but had evi dently one purpose running through them all. A detective officer would have said that Job Fox was trying to find out if the man had, in any way, recognised him, or had any suspicion who he was talking with. Job Fox slept very little that night, though he was, by no means, what is called a nervous man. In the morning he was set at work. The block at which Job Fox worked was just before one of the windows, and sometimes when the heat was stifling and the sparks and cinders flying about the room, the windows were raised a hand-breadth or so, to let in a little air, the keepers knowing that the prisoners could take no advantage of that, as they were so securely chained. Job never saw the window raised in front at his block without a sullen light creep into his eye. What he expected from that window it would bs difficult to tell—he did not know himself. But early one morning, just in the grey twilight, a hand stole in from the out side and dropped a little tight coi} of wire on Job's block. The wire was by some sleight-of hand process transferred instantly to Job's mouth, and thus for a whole day eluded the vigilance of the officers. The band disappeared as suddenly and mysteriously as it came, and the sentinels on duty would have sworn that no strange person "was, or had been, about the premises atalL That night Job watched the keys with which the officer unlocked his chains, and got a toler able idea of their shape and proportions, and hugged stfll tighter the coil of wire in his mouth. He had a singularly capacious mouth; many a nail and bit of iron he carried down night after night in that same mouth. He was thoroughly searched by the officer on duty, but nothing contraband was eve r found on bis person—the mischief was all in his mouth. Latterly there had been a gradual change in Job Fox. He grew dull and stupid soon after they- were shut down in the caverns for the night. He sought out a place in a corner, and tumbling down, was soon sound asleep. There was no deception about that. He needed rest, and took it early, and acquired the reputation of a " numb-head " among the prisoners, which suited him exceedingly, for thereby he escaped their attention. But toward morning, when the prisoners had grown quiet and were asleep, | Job Fox was awake, as if the absence of noise disturbed him, and then, still lying on the straw, he reached his hand to a little crevice in the rock at his head .(for he always lay in one corner, which became known and respected as " Fox's Hole,") and took out that small coil of wire, which in his hands was assuming fantastic shapes. He did not make a breath of noise, but his fingers wrought incessantly, twisting, crooking, fashioning and altering this bit of tough steel. He was a fastidious artist. It was some time before his work quite suited him; but when at last it was entirely finished, he looked at it with a peculiar delight in his curious grey eye. It was quite evident that he had the creator's affection for the thing he had created. The thing was a skeleton key, and Job knew with the artist intuition that it would fit the lock for which it was intended. When the key was finished and hidden away in the crevice, out came the wrought nails and scraps of iron he had from time to time secreted in his mouth and carried below. These, by the help of a piece of the wire left from the key, were fashioned into a sort of twisted marlin spike. This was a work of skill which required the latter part of every night for more than a week to perform. At last Job Fox had used up all his materials. " Twenty-four hours from this time well see what can be done," whispered Job to himself, as he hid his work away. The next night he awoke at the usual time, and having satisfied himself that all about him were asleep, he secreted about his person the toola he had made, together with the tin box containing the matches, and a bit of tarred rope he had purloined from one of the prisoners, and stepping as stealthily as a cat among the legs and arras of the prisoners, strewn about on the straw, he succeeded without disturbing any one in reaching the main gallery with which the two shafts communicated. Now the west shaft was the one through which the prisoners ascended and descended, and was covered at the top by a trap-door. The east shaft was over seventy feet deep and was quite perpendicular. This, when the caverns were first occupied as a prison, was left open, as it was thought impossible- for the prisoners to escape by this opening; but subse quently a noted offender was drawn up through here with a rope, by a young women to whom he was attached, and after that the month of the shaft was blocked up by stones bolted together, and since then, knowing it to be a hopeless task, no one had attempted to escape that way. This shaft Job Fox had thoroughly explored during his former compulsory visit to these lower regions, and had found it impracticable so far as himself was concerned, but of late this shaft had been very much in his mind. Now he quickly lighted the tarred rope and examined the south side of the shaft. It was, p.s he remembered, a Uttle sloping and com posed principally of a kind of shelving rock. "A tough case," he muttered, "but when the fellow knows it's his only chance he'll give it atrial. He's a spry sinewy chap, with a sailor's gripe in his fists, and if he's got life enough in him to make the attempt he'll suc ceed if any one can." Presently Job Fox turned about, and went stealthily along the main gallery to the opening that followed the branch vein of copper, and there, a little 'distance from the month, found the solitary prisoner with whom he conversed the first day of his arrival. It may seem a little strange that though Job Fox had thought of tins man almost constantly since that day, he had not once been near him or spoken of him at all. Perhaps he could hot find it in his heart to approach so miserable a creature without being able to make him some definite offer of assistance; for he had, as we j have said, a kind place in his heart. The prisoner did not move. He was lying on his side, sleeping uneasily. Job Fox held the tarred rope so that the red flame fell full on the sleeper's face. He did not look so fright ful now that he slept, but was still sorrowful and despairing enough to make the hardest heart ache. He stirs and mutters imploringly: " Don't look so, Amber, I didn't kill him, in deed I didn't." A sudden pallor flits over Job's face, and he looks annoyed. He suddenly extinguished the light, but we have already recognised this miserable prisoner as the unfortunate Andrew St. Cyr, whom we remember the court ordered to be confined in Newgate till the time for his execution arrived, the Haddam gaol being con sidered insecure for so desperate a criminal. Job Fox stooped over the sleeper. " Here man—wake up ?" he whispered. St. Cyr started. " What's wanting," he demanded, feeling the hand on his arm. "Hush! or you'll wake the boys. Tm. a friend ; I want to ask yon a question. Do you care enough about getting out of this cursed hole to make a trial ?" " Don't mock me." For reply Job felt along the man's arm till he came to the wrist, and found where the irons that confined his wrists were locked together. At first the key did not fit the hole. It was an anxious moment! The prisoner raised himself upright, but did not speak; and for an instant Job's heart stopped beating—the next he felt the wire entering the lock, and directly the bolt sprang hack, leaving the wrist free. Job's hands nervously sought the other wrist, and presently both arms were at liberty. " Now," whispered Job, " are both your legs chained, or only one ?" | "Both." I " Curse the wretches!" Which benediction being pronounced on the prison officers, Job proceeded to light his tarred rope* again, taking care, however, not to have the light fall on his face. "There, take the thing "—handing St. Cyr the light, while he proceeded noiselessly to examine his leg-irons. They proved to be like the hand-cuffs, only on a larger scale, and not like the iron that he wore on his own leg. " Good!" he muttered between his teeth. The same key fitted them; and in three minutes St. Cyr stood up free of his irons. He seemed bewildered, as if he did not know what to say or think. He tried to see Job's face, but could not, for he continued to shift his position so that the trail of black smoke from the tarred rope completely enveloped his head. Job caught the light. "Come," said he, softly, leading the way. After a few steps he looked around—St. Cyr had not stirred. " Come," he repeated. Then St. Cyr tried to step, bnt he staggered, and seemed as weak as a child, and Job went back and gave him his arm. Job shuddered at the touch of St. Cyr's hand, and St. Cyr himself drew back, unable to understand the feeling that warned him of this man. There was something antagonistic between these two men, kind as they were to each other, which one of them: at least, could not define. Job Fox, however, was not a man to give way to such a thing as that—he had a piece of business on hand that needed attention. " There, you feel better, don't youP" he said to St. Cyr, as the two stopped at the shaft. " Yes, I think I do." " Well, now, see if yon can understand what I say," continued Job, seeing that St. Cyr was still weak and dizzy. St. Cyr looked where the speaker's face ought to be, but could not see it at all. He heard his voice distinctly, saying something like this : " You see this is a shaft. The mouth of it is blocked by stone; but a strong determined hand can make a way out. You know how to climb—here's a marlin-spike and some nails, and with these I believe you can make your way up the south side, and drill away a part of one of the stones, large enough'to get out. It will take some time, but you're here alone days, and can work a part of the nights. There's the k«V —you can lock and unlock your own irons. When the officers come you're shrewd enough to know how to manage. You'd bettor not try to do anything now, but go back and think of it to-night. Come," and he took St. Cyr back again to the pile of straw he had lain on the past three weekß. St. Cyr walked better this time. A new hope was beginning to dawn, and strength and courage came with it now, but he did not speak. " There," said Job, " you had bettor get into your irons before I go away with the light; or here, you may have the light and the matches! too, only be careful and not waste them." " What makes you so kind to one poor devil like me ?" asked St. Cyr, tremonlously. "Nothing; I must go, now,*' answered Job, as he left abruptly. Chapter XXXTV. DENCY GOES EELING. " There now, child, you jusfr tend to tbe fire while I'm gone," said Dency, as she threw down the last armful of wood on the pile by the fire-place. '•Yes," answered Amber, without looking up. Dency was going ont somewhere. She drew on an old pair of woollen stocking feet over her shoes to keep her from slipping on the ice. Then, she put on a pea-jacket of St. Cyr's, that fitted well, and buttoned a close fur cap down under her chin. Altogether she made a queer looking figure in her half man and half woman attire. She pulled on a pair of rabbit-skin mittens, and taking np a short-handled axe and an eel spear standing by the door, she turned again to Amber, and said : " Now remember, child, I shall want a good fire when I get home," and then departed. On arriving at her eeling ground, near Bushy Point, she set at work, after cutting a hole in the ice. Her success was not so good as she antici pated. After spearing for some time she ob tained only four or five, and after picking up her axe and basket, moved nearer the Point, and chopped another Jiole through the ice. Here she was more fortunate, and had taken about a dozen, when, as she was bending over with her back towards the Point, she was startled beyond measure by the sudden, heavy gripe of a man's hand on her shoulder. Strong nerved as she was, she gave a sharp scream, and bounded to her feet. There stood that short, red creature that she saw at the ruined cellar two or three months before. He grasped her again by both arms, and bringing those dreadful red eyes within three or four mches of her face, looked at her steadily for a moment or two. Dency pulled back, more terrified than she had ever been before in her life. A grim, demoniac smile covered bis face Uke a hideous spasm. He knew she was afraid of him, and gloated with hellish delight on the thought. But he had Uttle time to spend in enjoyment of any sort now, so he released her arms, and thrusting a big thumb and a finger into his month, drew out a tin box Uke the one ' Job Fox carried his matches in, and unscrewing the lid, took out a smaU ball of tightly roUed paper. This paper he unroUed far enough to let her see that there was writing on the inside, and then, doing it up again, pnt it into her hand, and tossing the axe and lance into the eel basket among the squirming eels, grasped her arm and pointed over towards the island. Dency understood him, and not daring to do otherwise, took up the basket and started for ' the shore. I After she had gone a short distance, she . turned and looked around. At first the feUow was not to be seen, but the next instant he stepped from among the bushes of the Point, and shook his fist at her. She did not stop again, even on reaching her boat, nor after landing on the island, until she arrived at the house. "Open the door! open the door!" caUed Dency, at the same time thundering against the door with the axe-head. Amber knew neither the hoarse voice nor the heavy rap, but she opened the door. There stood Dency, her teeth chattering, and her garments freezing fast about her. "Why, where have you been?" asked Amber. " Eehng." " I should think you had been under water." "I should think so, too," said Denoy, who was so cold and stiff that she could scarcely get into the house. To teU the truth, she had a hard time crossing to the island. " Anyhow," said Dency, after she had changed her garments, " I've got the eels, and we*U have the chowder." But the sUp of paper—what was written on that? Dency could not clearly tell. She had examined it when she changed her garments in the loft, but it was blindly written, and aU that she could understand was that help would be needed for some one in a day or two. Amber could read it, probably, and she must have supper first, for if it was anything about her father, her appetite would be quite gone. So when the supper was over and the room in order again, Denoy dropped the sUp of paper into Amber's lap, saying: " Perhaps you can read it—l can't." Amber listlessly took up the roU of paper. "What is it!" "That's what I want to know," answered Dency. " There's writing on the inside." When the paper was unroUed, two or three lines were found scrawled across from side to side. Amber bent over the hues, and suddenly the listless expression all vanished from her face. "What do you make out of it?" asked Dency, noticing the keen interest with which the girl now examined every word. Amber did not answer, bo intent was she on the scrawled words. AU at once she started up. " We must get some one—where's Asa?" "Bead me what's on the paper," said Dency. The girl's hands trembled so that she could not hold the paper steadily, but she repeated, as if the words had fastened themselves in her* brain : "If you want to help St. Cyr, send some one to Lyme Ferry on the night of February seventeenth. He must be there at one o'clock, and in a boat, if possible. Dency nodded her head approvingly : " that's the talk!" she muttered, "Let me see—to day is the sixteenth. Why, it's to-morrow night!" " Yes—and I must see Asa to-night; there's no one else we can send." ' ■ " Has he been here since I went away ?*' "No." " Then he'U be here before night; he said he'd come over to-day." " Bnt what if he shouldn't come ?" " He will come—don't you worry." For the next half hour Amber walked hur riedly back and forth through the room, stop ping, every time she passed the window, to look for Asa. There was a new energy in her step, a bright flush was stealing into her pale cheeks, and a clear starry light in those glorious eyes. Presently she caught a glimpse of Asa mak ing for the house with long, rapid strides. She threw open the door, waiting breathlessly for him. "Oh, Asa, I want you!" she exclaimed as aoon as he got to the door. A warm flush went surging up over Asa's fair face, caused, perhaps, by a possible signifi cance of her eager words, or perhaps by the sight of her rare beauty. He thought he had never seen her looking bo beautiful before. A moment after the door was closed, and Asa, stfll flushed, but apparently without a tongue, stood by the window, cap in hand. Amber had no thought for anything but her father, and she went to him with the old childish freedom. She put an unsteady hand on bis arm, and- looking up eagerly into his face, said: " Asa, you told me once you would do any for me," " I told you the truth," he answered, hur riedly. " WeU, there's something I want you to do now—something that I will bless yon for as long as I Uve." " What is it ?" he asked. Amber unroUed the sUp of paper and read it aloud to him. "TUgo!" he said, at once. The look that Amber gave him through her tear-filled eyes almost unmanned him. He would have perilled his hope of salvation here or hereafter for the privilege of rendering her a service, however difficult. One such look as that would repay him for anything. But sud denly his face grew-grave. He had forgotten the Ughthouse, the entire care of which had fallen upon him since his father's death. He must go, and yet the lamps must be lighted, watched and trimmed. For an instant Amber's face suddenly paled, and the old troubled look came back, but it went as quickly as it came. , She put her hand on his arm, and looking up, met his eye; the same thought came to both before she said: " Do you remember once saying that I could take care of the light as weU as yourself?" "Yes." "Let me take care of it to-morrow night; you can trust me." "Of course I can; I'll trim the lamps, so you'll only have to light 'em, and look out for 'em a Uttle." " Then that's settled," said Dency, in a satis fied tone. In fifteen minutes after this, Asa had got clear of the ice around the island, and was scudding for Falkland, with a cold, sharp breeze at his heels. Chapter XXXV. ST. CYR CLINGS TO HIS ROPE OP STRAW. " What is that Job Fox has in his hand ?" Nothing but a Uttle piece of coarse, red brick. How he came by it we cannot teU; our private opinion is that he found it one morning under that window in the front of his block, and secreted it about his person during the day. The first we saw of it was just before his turn came to be examined previous to his going to the caverns for the night. It was a piece some what larger than a hen's egg ; we saw him dart it into his mouth, and it made no perceptible difference with his looks. Where it went to we are unable to tell. There was a tradition among the prisoners at Newgate, of a certain fellow who could swallow anything from a wrought nail to a stone hammer, and bring it up again when required. Perhaps it was this same Job Fox. At aU events, when he reached his corner in the straw, out came the piece of brick. And what does he do with it then ? Why, then came the queerest part of the transaction. He bit off a piece of the brick about the size of a walnut, and began cracking and grinding it between his strong teeth. Was he hungry? Probably not, for he had just finished his supper. After grinding away a few moments, he spit a red, gritty mixture into his left hand, and with his finger felt the size of the grains ot sand or clay that settled to the bottom. " That's about right," he said, and sucked it all back into his mouth again. This time he certainly swaUowed it, and wherever it went, it stayed. The remainder of the brick he tucked away in that rock crevice at his head, which was at once his storehouse and workshop, and every night he ground up and swaUowed about the same quantity, tfll the bit of brick was all gone. " There," he soliloquized, when he had swaUowed the last, "I guess that'll do the work," and with* a satisfied look he laid himself down, and was soon sound asleep. In the meantime, St. Cyr was getting along wonderfully. Hope had inspired him with a measure of the old strength, and he worked like a giant. Half the nights and all the days, when he was alone, he worked every moment. With the help of the marlin-spike, and another shcrp instrument that Job Fox had made, he cut Uttle niches in the rook on the' south side of tbe shaft, into which he thrust his toes and fingers, clinging with both like the claws of a hawk, and so mounted higher and higher along the waU, sometimes, where the rock would permit, driving in large nails and'bits of wood to help him as he went up and down. It was astonish ing to see the amount of stuff that Job Fox carried down every night in his mouth, during these days. It was Uke an unloading when he went over to St. Cyr's resting place, and de posited the materials for his use there. ■■ 'to#i "How are you getting along ?" he asked of St. Cyr, one night. " Varry well. I have' one piece driUed so that one leetle blow will knock him off." " How long wfll it take you to finish it so that you can get out ?" " About three days more." "Wen, don't you attempt to escape tfll I teU you everything else is ready. You must have help from outside. Leave it all in my hands» and a week from now you will be free." St. Cyr sighed, and Job Fox thought he heard him praying. It made Job nervous and uncomfortable, and he took himself off as quickly aa possible. The next day St. Cyr worked so steadily and earnestly that he did not hear the trap-door open at night, and did not realise how late it was tfll he heard the men come trooping down the shaft. There were the officers with their lanterns coming after them. He knew that one of the officers had his supper in a dish, and would go to his place to leave it, as was his custom, and stand by tfll it was eaten, so as to take the dish back. But what would the office,. find on getting there? Nothing but the straw and empty chains, and of course there would foUow an uproar and a search, and he would be found clinging to the wall, and taken back, and a guard placed over him as at first, and all his hope of escape would be forever gone. To get down in time to prevent this would be* im possible. It was a slow, careful piece of busi ness to go up or down that shaft without falling. He oould not get hah? way down before the officers would be at his place. He knew this with an absolute certainty, and stand* ing there at that dizzy height, he clung to a rope of straw, which he had made to steady himself with, and groaned aloud in his despair. It was a moment of supreme anguish. Better a thousand times never to have hoped, than to be mocked Uke this. He did not know, tfll this despair feU upon him again, hew he had hoped the past few days. It seemed as if he had almost reached Heaven, and was thrust back again. He would have fallen bnt for the rope, now. In the meantime, what was going on below ? Job Fox was the strangest man aUve. His brain, large, dark and exhaustless, was an im mense workshop, with its forges always at a smelting heat. But besides this, it was subject, at odd and unlooked-for times, to strange flashes of light, that revealed to him, with apparently supernatural clearness and quick ness, circumstances and situatious that it was impossible for him to understand an instant before. One of those flashes of light came to Job Fox as he reached the bottom of the east shaft, and for half an instant his eyes flew wide open, and every nerve in him shook—the last half of tbe instant he was gliding noise lessly in among the straggling crowd of men, past the gallery in which was his own especial corner, " Fox's Hole " by name, up to St. Cyr's place, and before you could say " Jack Bobin son," had fastened St. Cyr's rings, with the chains attached, around his own ankles and wrists, and assumed St. Cyr's crouched and sullen attitude. Meanwhile, St. Cyr held on, and listened! He could perceive no unusual uproar below. The moments were 'eternities, but at last he heard the clang of the trap as it feU to its place; it jarred even the rock to which he was clinging, and then, faint and almost nerveless he lifted his face again, but not in despair— I not to groan now, but to pour out his gratitude I for this deUverance. He had not shed a tear for many a long day, but they were streaming plentifully over his hoUow cheeks now. Presently he controlled himself, and after waiting a few moments to gather nerve and command, he began cautiously to descend the shaft. It was a work of time, and when he was once down he looked around to see how he could steer to avoid the men restlessly moving about. St Cyr ventured out, sometimes keeping close to the wall, and sometimes out in the middle* of the gaUery, avoiding- first one and then another, taking especial care to keep away from those who carried lights. At last he reached his own place, and stood for a moment Uke oae who sees a ghost. There was a man in his chains crouched on the straw. This, then, was the reason that his absence had not been discovered. He stood looking down, trying to comprehend how this came about. He was bewildered, and began to think he was losing his senses, when he heard the man groan. Instantly he stooped, and as soon as he touched him, each recognised the other. "For God's sake take off these rings," whispered Fox, as if in agony. Now Job Fox was a much larger man thsn St. Cyr every way, and his wrists and ankles would measure at least a third more. Of course the handcuffs and leg-irons that fitted St. Cyr were much too small for him. This he felt painfully as soon as the spring lock fastened them about his limbs, but in the excitement of the moment did not mind the pain. But for the last half hour his agony had been almost unendurable. The blood had stopped circula tion in his Umbs, and the bones in his ankles and wrists seeded crushing into atoms. " Careful," he whispered, as St. Cyr fumbled about for the keyhole. As soon as the chains were off, St. Cyr, un derstanding the trouble, feU to chafing his limbs tfll the circulation was restored. " How did you get here ?" asked St. Cyr. " On my feet, of course." " And they thought you was me ?" "Yes." "What have I done that you should be so kind to me ?" and St. Cyr, stooping over, kissed the hand he was chafing. Job Fox jerked his hand away as if it had been touched by a coal of fire. St. Cyr himself shuddered, and wondered, for the hundredth time, why every instinct in him abhorred this man. "Pshaw! nonsense!" muttered Job, getting up and stretching himself. " But one thing I can ten you," said he, turning savagely round on St. Cyr, " keep your wits about you another time, for I won't get into those chains again, to save the lives.of aU the men in Connecticut." | TO BE CONTI.NUBD.J 