jowl Thu outgoIng'Edgllsb mall iBkirei liere this morning ut balfpsst eight o'clock, Tbit is several dsys earlier thsoosual, ui ft tbink, as we haVs before expressed, that W|k#.n snrb alterations era made, doe pnbllo noliMonght to be glfon Pf ibis. ptot olQoe ^t^oHtias la Srllbut. Serious liKMfnitMt, U « ore .ware, feu arlwnto many, through the abort notice wliloh has been ifbiittd to the pouple of Warwick. . 1 . ' The drawing in aid ot the Olmrch of tha Atmnpttou, Winriok tut fltwat owt m Wednesday. The attendance wai consider able. No. 1056, pn robs* ed by Mr. John Carroll, woo tha wato'd. Ho. 1022, ptumhaoad 4>y Mr. John Affleoh_of tbe Reserve, won the tbirty hour American olook. . Ht, 884, jinrnliased by Mr. Maurloe Fltsserald, Waririuk, *90 the gold breastpin. Several emails r prfsss added on tbe morning of this drawing wergwon by" different parties The proceeds amounted to £105, and the tiipeniBi(tpclndrtig prires.prln t ing tfo.,) amounted to *2P. leaving the uelpn eaads £86. In behalf of the congregation Father Hog in beg* to return jtinpera thank* to all who In any way promoted tbe Intel eat of tbe drawing, and la an especial manner to those who sted their influence la pairing the tioketa. ' Hospital 0oiuiiciH,<-Tlie usual fortnightly mooting'vf thi* committee wai hold on Wed nesday last. Present-Ibe President, Van. Arohdeaoon Olennie, &ev.T.; Klngaford.Meesrs. Brown, Horwitx, M'Eaaotile, Bngdon, Dr. Koch, and the Beoretary. Tha minutes of the previous maetlog were read and copflrnted. The Secretary reported that Jja had/urn-ai ded tbe rules of the hospital to the Son. tin Colo nial Beoretary, to be laid before hie Bicellf ncy -tha Governor for his approval. Tbe following tenders were facetted for supplying the Hos pital with wood and water. Anti Swan, wood per load 6s., water per calk Is. 8d. W. Pago, wood per load 61., water per calk Is. James Unran'stender nas accepted. The fol lowing aooonnts wore ordered to lie paid J. filbert*, salary, £18 Ui.; W. Grelner, 7s, 6d.s F. Morgan, meat, £8 4a. 61. Dr; Koch reported that in the Cass of Ji.IIpabeth Davis (a patient in the Hospital) he did not eonsldor that she was a proper object tor bospiuf re. Ilet It was carried thst tbe matter be referred ti the toedloal o®oori for tbelr report. The wardaman reported as follow*.-Bemalning at date of last mealing, 0s admitted siuoo, 8; discharged Is remaining, 7, The meeting then adjourned. BE UAVtDioit.-In the Pnpreme Court, in tbe insolvent estate of Walter Davidson, a third pabllo sitting was field. One debt Was proved by John Elton for £2$ la. Tbe official assignee read hie report, showing assets nil, debts £5233 8s. Id. The acoountant also road bis report. It appeared that the hooks pon talned no »-»" TTRts ?nr*'i'" expenses, returns, 4 c., nor anything to sbow whether the atatlons had ever paid, or. If so, to what extent; nor, in fact, any information to show insolvent'* inability to meat Us en gagements. I*. appeared th it npon questioned by His Honor the insolvent could not statu what hid become of money reoelvcd for any stock sold. The certificate wa* suspended for twelve months. IiBYBtutN.-A correspondent of the D. D. Gaiette. whose letter is dated last Tuesday writes:-"Hewsthere.isuone. either new or old. I have jnst returned to this quiet little plaoe. the town of Leyboro, after a week's sojourn amongst the Taigai Beef and Canal Creek gold divings, or rather the places where these diggings bave boen. for they are now almost deserted. The in is not <now two per cent, left ot the population eighteen mouths ego. There are some old and ex perienced miners who have every confidence in tbe wealth ot these diggings. When there are men with capital to develope their re sources they may again resound to the clink ing of many picks and shovels. There have been soms small debts caaes, principally the book debts of FatrfOk Liddy. which have been assign-d to the Bank of Hew South Wales.'' The latest specimen of the bushranging fraternity that lias made its appearance in Queensland baa been lai<l by tbo heele, thanks to Seigesnt M't'arljjy, of the Mounted Police. Herr Christian Hyer meister, who Tobbed tbo Gnyndah ami Banama nails some days ago, was arrested xesterdny by"M*Oiirtby as be was about to atop tne Taroom mail-Courier. It will be seen by our shipping report that Mr. MacaliaUr was a pusenger by the Florence Irving from Sydney yester day morning. Various conjectures are .afloat as to tne cause of the Ron. gentle man's sudden returp, tbe prevalent im pression being that the Acting Colonial Secretary, Mr. Bell, required his presence. Whether the Government have received secret intimation of an .intended rising of ?the Fenians, «r are terrified at the freaks of tbe Ghost of Ban Ban, we cannot .say. AU we know is that the premier is at tne -helm once more, and that we may, there fore, all join in singing " Fly hence each idle fear"-uqleas indeed the chief has . arrived on tbe scene to call in question the doings of his sturdy vassal, the Minister for Works, in- which ease, .we think, he. would hare done better to remain where he was. Possibly, however, these guesses may be idle, and the real caus&of; our friend's return may hate been a telegraphic mandate from the King of Toowoombn.-Queensland Timet. A dreadful accident pccurred at Bal .lord's Gamp on Sunday last. A young .nan named O'Brien, from Ipswich, .was . out riding, when his horse, which was pro ceedings! a rapid pace, suddenly swerved .and threw hit rider, whose head came into violent contact with a stump. Death was instantaneous. An inquest was held, nnd a verdict of Accidental death recorded. Utourier 