ARRIVAL OF THE JULY MAIL. The P. and O. Company's steamship Avoca, Capt. Farquhar, passed through the Heads soon after two o'clock yesterday morning, and after landing the Geelong and Western mails at Queenscliff, pro- ceeded on her voyage, reaching the anchorage in Hobson's Bay a little after six o'clock. The following are the letters of our London and New York corre- spondents, the principal portions of which were given in a Second Edition, published early yesterday forenoon : LONDON, JULY 26. DISTRIBUTION OF "PRIZES IN PARIS. Our sombre city has been putting on the garments of gladness, and taking its share in the festivities of peace. It is many years since London set itself in this fashion to play the part of a generous host. The Sultan has been here, and the Viceroy of Egypt, and at the same time some 3,000 Belgian volunteers. There havo been receptions of all kinds banquets, balls, concerts, reviews, and a sufficiency of pleasant excitements to dimi- nish the regrets felt at the contemplation from a distance of the magnificent gaieties of Paris. Meanwhile, the first and most brilliant chapter in the history of the Paris Exhibi- tion may be said to have closed with the dis- tribution of prizes. This splendid ceremonial was made the more significant by the pre- sence of the Sultan, who had been received as the guest of tho " Infidel" the day before, and welcomed into Paris with all the state that attends the progress of the most power- ful m onarchs. The great hall of the Palace of Industry was filled with an imposing assemblage-a favoured multitude of 20,000 gathered from every nation-ladies in tho gayest toilets, soldiers in uniform, oiiicials of -various grades in gorgeous state dresses. The exhibitors in the ten various groups into which the Exhibition is divided who have gained grand prizes or gold medals, entered in procession, each group being preceded by a banner inscribed with its dis- tinctive name, and took up their position near the throne. Presently the blare of trum- pets and the hoarse shouting of tho mob outside announced the arrival of the Impe- rial party-Ministers, marshals of France, admirals, and other privileged persons, grouped themselves around. The Emperor and Empress bowed on entering ; and the Sultan, too, bowed and waived his arm in a paternal manner until the cheering ceased. The Emperor took his seat in the centre of the throne, with the Sultan on his right, and the Empress on his left ; close at hand were the Prince of Wales, the Prince of Prussia, the Duke of Cambridge, and other celebri- ties, including " the brother of the Tycoon of Japan." First a "Hymn to Napoleon III. an his Noble People," composed by Rossini for the occasion, was performed, the whole assem binge rising at the close, while the cannon thundered without and the trumpets sounded and the bells rang, adding their loudest ac- clamations of " Vive l'Empereur." Then M, Rouher, the Minister of State and Finance, and the Vice-Prcsident of the Ex- hibition, advanced, and read a long report on the Exhibition, its history and success, which was impatiently listened to. THE EMPEROR'S SPEECH. The Emperor next rose, and with clear penetrating voice, read one of his charac- teristic speeches-"The poets of antiquity,' he said, "sang the praises of those great games in which the various nations of Greece assembled to contend for the prizes of tho race. "What would they say to-day were they to bo present at these Olympic games of the whole world, in which all nations, contesting by intellect, seem to launch themselves simultaneously in the infinite career of progress towards an ideal incessantly approached without ever being able to be attained." There is a cum- brous wordiness about the Emperor's ideas as they are presented to us in an English dress, but they havo been well received, for they testify in favour of peace. A little self-glori- fication is apparent, and very skilfully does he strive to turn the prestige of the moment to the permanent account of his dynasty. "Let us congratulate ourselves, gentlemen," were his Imperial words, "upon having received among us the majority of the sovereigns and princes of Europe, and so many distinguished visitors. Let us also bo pioud of having shown to them Franco as she is-great, prosperous, and fiee. One must be destitute of all patriotic faith to .doubt of her gieatness; must close one's eyes to evidence to deny her prosperity ; must misunderstand her institutions, tolerant sometimes even of licence, not to behold in them liberty. Foreigners have been able to appreciate this. France-formerly disquieted, and casting out her uneasiness beyond her frontiers-now laborious and calm, always fertile in generous ideas, turning her genius to the most diverse marvels, and never allowing herself to be enervated by material enjoyments." At the conclusion of this speech the groups of exhibitors, with their banners bornebefore them, advanced ; and every man entitled to a gold medal, or to other exceptional reward, mounted the steps of the throne in turn, and received it from the Emperor's own hand. Some of the medallists, running forward, showed an almost nervous hoste lest in the long succession the ceremony should be too protracted ; and many, hesitating to approach too near the Imperial chair, obliged the Emperor iuconveniontly to stretch forth his arm to its full length. One little incident elicited loud applause. A prize had been de- creed to the Emperor for his model of a working-man's house, and this the young Prince Imperial stepped forward to receive, and presented to his father with a grace that delighted the spectators. THE PRIZE LTSTS. Of the prize lists, as since published, there may be two opinions ; but in this country there is an almost unanimous feeling that English exhibitors have not been generously treated, and that, whether tho failure arise from defective classification or from the partiality of jurors-especially as seen in the Fine Arts awards-our honours have not proved worth the cost of competition. Much astonishment has been expressed that no Englishman has received the riband of the Legion of Honour, which, it is said, has been withheld from this country at tho request of the Queen, for the incredible "reason" that Englishmen would not understand its value. Tho distribution having been completed, the Emperor, the Sultan, and the Empress descended from their thrones, and followed by princes and princesses, slowly walked round the nave, and so brought the ceremonial to a fitting conclusion. As the Imperial cortège emerged into the streets, the remainder of Paris was there to greet it ; and flags and decorations everywhere testified that the people had surrendered themselves with one accord to holiday enjoyments. THE PROFOSED FETES IN HONOUR OF THE SULTAN. THE FATE OP MAXIMILIAN. The ensuing week was to have been de- voted to a series of fetes in honour of tho Sultan. But just at the very zenith of festivity, a cloud from the far west threw a -"dark shadow on all the glory. The Emperor Maximilian was shot! The tragic news, no longer to be questioned, raised the ghost of an unpopular policy; and in tho recollec- tions it revived, as well as in the grief it ex- cited for the cruel fato of the prince, came like a personal wound to the Emperor. Tho Court went at once into mourning ; the review which was to have been held the next day was postponed, and a sudden gloom fell upon the city. The sorrow, indeed, was shared hy all Europe, and by Queen Victoria, as first cousin of the unfortunate Emperor; a state ball, which had been fixed to bo held in Buckingham Palace, was countermanded, as also a review which had been arranged for Hyde-park. The visit of the Sultan,' therefore, was shorn in Paris of some of its splendour ; but every honour was shown him, and he seems to have been abundantly gratified. Beforehisdeparturo time enough had elapsed to allow the great review which had been postponed to be held with decency ; and it was a brilliant spectacle, tho troops, as a variation, being drawn up in two lines stretching along the Place do la Concorde, the Grand Avenu,rand far down the boulevards beyond. The Sultan has also inspected Paris incognito. He is said to have been much impressed by what he has seen of western civilisation; and no wonder, for never had he travelled on a railway before ho reached French soil. They tell us that he frequently exclaimed, " Oh, tho great West !" ana that he has been oppressed almost to sadness by the sense of the deficiencies of his own empire. THE DISEMBARKATION OF THE SULTAN. Old Dover has rarely witnessed anything more picturesque than the disembarkation of the Sultan on the 12th of this month. The English squadron lay in a linestrctching nearly a mile out to sea, dressed with Hags, and the yards covered with men ¡ and when joined by the French squadron, it thundered forth its salutes, and the castle batteries added their deep chorus. It was a most im- posing spectacle. Tho Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge, and the Viceroy of Egypt, as tributary, went on board the Im- perial yacht. Then only -. did the Sultan emerge from his cabin, and, advancing along the deck, greet both his illustrious visitors with much deference. According to Turkish etiquette, neither the prince nor the duke shook hands with him, but simply uncovered when he touched his fez, and remained bareheaded near him. The greeting given to the Viceroy of Egypt by the Sultan was far less ceremo- nious, and what seemed to be the coldness of His Majesty was remarked by all who saw it. After rest and refreshment, and an address of welcome from the corporation of Dover, the Royal train started for London, while tho citadel and forts again saluted. Mut soon it began to slacken speed, and at Folkestone it stopped. Sultans aro sometimes sleepy, and as Abdul Aziz wished to dose, the Prince of Wales, theDukeof Cambridge, andthe Viceroy stepped out, and returned to their own car- riages, leaving him alone with his physician. At Charing- cross another welcome awaited him -decorations and cheering crowds ; and in full state he proceeded to Buckingham Palace, which has been refurbished and set apart for his use. The next day the Sultan paid a formal visit to tho Queen at Windsor, re- turning at night to a state dinner given by the Prince of Wales. The week following was devoted to festivities of the most bril- liant kind. The paraphernalia of Royalty, so long disused, has again been seen in our sureets, and all classes havo united in offering a truly national hospitality to the great chief of the Mussulman race. The Eng- lish people do not forget the solemn in- junction of the Koran, "There is but one law, and that forbids all communication with the infidel ; " and they attach to this visit great political significance, as marking an epoch in tho relations between the East and tho West, and as loosening some of the old barriers between them. The Sultan was accompanied by his little son and by two of his nephews, one of whom is the heir-apparent to his throno-which passes in succession to each eldest male of the House of Oshman-and by Fuod Pasha, his able Giand Vizier. In general demeanour, nis Majesty is reserved and unimpression- able; his face is intelligent, though un amiable, and wears the aspect of premature age. THE SULTAN'S MOVEMENTS. He has entered heartily into the enjoyments provided for him, and has expressed re- peatedly his gratification. On Monday even- ing, the 15th, the Sultan visited the Opera in state, where an odo was sung which had been specially composedin his honour, and "Masa niehV'wasperformed. On Tuesday his Majesty visited Woolwich Arsenal, and in the evening was present at a grand fête given " by Royal command," at the Crystal Palace, where there was a concert and display of the foun- tains and fireworks, and a multitude of more than 26,000 applauding people ; and where the Sultan announced his intention of subscrib- ing £1,000 to the restoration expenses. On Wednesday there was a great naval review at Spithead. All available resources were em- ployed to make it effective, and forty-nine vessels of war were gathered, mounting 1,092 guns. The Lords and the Com- mons went down to witness the dis- play; but the weather, which of late has been fitful and stormy, was so rough as to prevent the intended manouvres all taking place. The vessels did not leave their anchorage, and tho Queen and the Sultan were obliged to content themselves with an inspection of the Unes. Afterwards there was a cannonade, the sound of which is said to have been heard even in Wales. On Thursday the Sultan was magnificently enter- ' tained at a grand ' ball at the Guildhall. On Friday there was a ball at the India Office -given by the department, " partly from India, partly from England," to the chief of the Mohammedan religion, to which belong so many millions of our Indian subjects one of the most splendid ever given in Lon- don, and attended by a brilliant crowd ; but which has given riso to some jealousies in respect of the selection of the guests, and to some criticisms and protests as to the appro Sriation of Indian revenues for this purpose, n Saturday the Sultan was present at a review at Wimbledon, of volunteers and re ? gulars, to which London went out as on a great holiday. And so the days have s'ipped away. The Sultan, however, has found time to receive numerous deputations at Buckingham Palace. One sad incident marked the fête at the India Office. Madame Musurus, the wife of the Turkish ambassa- dor, was seized with apoplexy in the midst of the brilliant scene, and died almost as soon as she reached her home. On tho 23rd tho Sultan took his departure, amidst a magnificent display of state cere- monial and popular enthusiasm. The first portion of his journey was to Calais, from whence he proceeded to Coblentz, where the King of Prussia will receive him. His Ma- jesty will next visit Vienna, and return home by way of the Danube and the Black Sea. THE SULTAN'S WORK. Abdul-Aziz Khan has work that will last him more than a lifetime, if he seeks to apply only a few of the ideas that his travels are urging home. It is remembered to his credit that he adopted energetic measure,"? of reform on his accession to power ; aud that in personal character he has shown him- self far superior to the common run of Eastern despots. It is certain that a violent opposition was fomented by the old Turkish party in consequence of his tenden- cies towards modern civilisation ; but the most convincing proof of his boldness in de- parting from the prejudices of his race is his visit to the West. Amongst other anecdotes, it is related of him that he gave audience at the Elysée to a certain number of ladies of rank. During the interview,' one of the ladies observed playfully, by way, no doubt, of enhancing the favour of the visit she paid bim, that she had always been in the habit of receiving the highest personages, and often had kings and princes in her salons who paid the first visit to her ¡ whereas, in the present instance, the practice was reversed. The Sultan replied, through his interpreter, that he considered France to twa beautiful woman, and that, as, he was the first Ottoman sovereign who had visited it, the obligation which gallantry imposes had been duly ful- filled by him. With the departure' of the Sultan from Paris, its list of Royal visitors draws to an end. The Emperor and Empress of Austria have abandoned their projected tour, in con ' sequence of the death of -Maximilian, The Queen of Spain also is hesitating, lest, coining after more honoured guests, her Royalty should seem to pale. Äs for onrselvcs, wo have been permitted to receive but some stray members of this great fraternity of rulers, OUR OTHER FOREIGN VISITORS. ' First of tho foreign visitors who reached our shores was the Viceroy of Egypt. The first intimation that we had of his intention was, that he was about to take up his abode at the house of his agent at Blackheath ; but no sooner -was this rumoured than the public voico was raised in remonstrance. It was not to be tolerated that a ruler to whom this country is so much indebted should, on leaving the splendid hospitalities of Paris, be thus neglected. The Govern- ment accordingly hastened to raako ar- rangements for his entertainment, by en- gaging and fitting up their favourite cara vansori, Claridge's Hotel, for his reception; but although they sought to justify this ar- rangement by former precedents, and the difficulties of finding a suitable home, their conduct was still loudly condemned. Tho magnificent reception which the Viceroy him- self gave to the Prince of Wales when in Egypt, and the manner in which ho had housed other distinguished travellers in his palaces, were remembered; and it was felt to bo little less than a national disgrace to send such a guest to an inn. ' ' Why, it was asked, "does not the Prince of Wales him- self tako a more lively interest in the matter?" Finally the difficulty was to some extent met by a privato nobleman¡ Lord Dudley, coming f orward and placing his man- sion at the disposal of the Viceroy. This point settled, every disposition was shown to pay him all due honours. But the question ivas not improperly raised in Parliament on the vote in supply for tho maintenance of the Royal palaces. Mr. Disraeli, in reply, went the length of saying that "wo had not tho means in this country of giving that reception to the guests of the Sovereign which became this country, nor were there any pecuniary means available for such a purpose ;" a statement which was very emphatically repudiated by Mr. Gladstone. Some suggestions have since been thrown out o3 to the expediency of erect- ing another Palace in Kensington-gardens, which might serve on occasions like the present; but John Bull will require some persuasion before he finds the money for such an erection. Just now, indeed, when these hints about "means" aro put forth, he in- clines to complain that Her Majesty should be building a house near Lochnagar, in the wildest corner of Scotland, four miles from tho nearest human habitation. But to return to the Viceroy. On his arrival at Dover, on the Cth inst., ho was greeted with a Royal salute, and at the London terminus Royal carriages and an escort were awaiting to convey him to Dudley House. The next day, which was Sunday, he was visited by the Prince of Wales ; and after- wards himself received by the Princo and Princess at Marlborough-house. On Monday His Highness, accompanied by the Prince of Wales, went to Windsor on a visit to the Queen, and was enthusiastically welcomed by that Royal town. The Viceroy dined with Her Majesty, and remained at the Castle for the night. A succession of festivities filled up the week on hisreturn to London. The Viceroy was present at the Crystal Palace at the/ate of the Dramatic College, and gave £500 towards the latter, and another £500 towards the restoration fund of the former. But perhaps the most characteristic fact is that the representative of the land of the Pharaoh's made his way down, following his own special wish, to the Royal Agricultural Exhibition at Bury St. Edmund's ; and, despite the wetness of the day,, minutely in- spected the machinery departments. It is not necessary that I should chronicle more mi- nutely his doings in London. Of course ho received an address from the corporation of the City.' During the latter portion of his sojourn His Higlmess followed somewhat in the wake of his illustrious suzerain, the Sultan ; but he was the first to take his departure and on the 19th inst. embarked at Dover for the Continent, carrying with him more pleasant recollections than at one time seemed pro- bable. THE BELGIAN VOLUNTEERS. Coincident with the visit of the Sultan has been the arrival of the Belgian Volunteers, who have responded to the invitation given in Brussels last year. Not more than a thou- sand were at first expected ; but soon the number swelled to more than double ; and later in the week additions are estimated to have brought np their total strength to nearly three thousand men. Those who came with their regiments, that is the great bulk of them -were brought over by the Serassis, trans- port ship ; and their journey was at- tended by some of the two usual inci- dents of mismanagement in the Transport and Commissariat departments. But these were soon forgotten in the cordial welcome given to the volunteers. When, on Friday, the 12th inst., they marched into the city to lunch with the Lord Mayor they made quito a triumphal entry. The concourse to see them was enormous ; ilags floated abovo, and the hurrahs were incessant along every step of the way. The luncheon itself our English critics say was meagre fare, and unworthy of the Corporation ; but the Belgians made very men-y over it, and danced along the streets as they returned. On Satur- day they made their debut at Wimble- don, and marching past the Prince of Wales received each a suter badge, comme- morative of their visit. On Tuesday they were entertained at Windsor, as the guests of the Queen, though Her Majesty was neces- sarily absent at Spithead. And day succeed- ing day has brought its entertainments-now at the Crystal Palace ; now at the Agricul- tural-hall, where a very successful ball was given ; and now at Holly-lodge, Highgate, where Miss Burdett Coutts hospitably enter- tained the whole band of strangers at a sumptuous déjeuner. Tho week closed with the review at Wimbledon, to which I have referred, tho Belgians leading the march past the Sultan and the Prince of Wales. This week they have returned to Belgium ; but the enthusiasm and ovations which accompanied their leave-taking were something marvel- lous, These were the last of our foreign guests, and these gone, wo are left alone to ourselves to make things straight again and pay our hospitality bills. The more of theso international meetings the better for the tranquility of states. REFORM. The Reform Bill may bo regarded as safe! Rocks and shoals have had to be encoun- tered in the House of Lords ; but no one now fears that, after having weathered the storms of the Commons, any serious opposi- tion will imperil the integrity of the mea- sure in its passage through the Upper Cham- ber. Land is in sight, and glad indeed will the weary legislative mariners be to glide into the smooth harbour of the recess. The industry which the Government and private members have displayed in bringing the Re¿ form question to its present advanced stage is highly {creditable to their character. The amount of business despatched on somo dajs has been prodigious ; and what- ever shortcomings m other respects they may be chargeable with, the Refoi in Bill of 1807 will long continue a noble monument of their untiring energy, patient labour, and self-denying compromise. A rapid summary of the proceedings of tho committee since my last letter will enablo Australian politicians to comprehend the minor features of the revolutionary bill which is probably destined in a few years to materially modify English political lifo. On Thursday, Juno 27, it was decided that a' mere change of office shall not necessitate the resignation of a seat, and that polling places at elections may bo increased at the discretion of the returning officers. Mr. Fawcett's proposal, that the expense of hustings, polling-clerks, polling-books, and other iccjuisites of an election, should be put on the country and borough rates, gave rise to a long debate. It was argued by Mr. Mill that to require candidates to pay for the privilege of entering the House of Commons would foster an opinion among those who conferred the privilege that the payment ought to be made direct to them. But the House was alarmed at the idea of opening Parlia- ment to unpropertied adventurers, and re- jected tlie amendment by the large majority of 106. A much more exciting discussion arose on the 28th nit, on a now clause brought for- ward hy the Attorney-General in redemption of a pledge made by the Government to Mr. Denman, that the rate, on the payment cf which the franchise depends, should be de- manded by the overseer. That official, in bringing forward -the clause, disclaimed all sympathy with ita provisions: and, later on, Mr. Hardy, the Home Secretary, positively refused to support it, on the ground that it would prove mischievous in operation. Mr. Disraeli, while avowing his intention to sup- port the clause, said that he should hold him- self free to oppose it at a future stage. But though Mr. Gladstone emphatically de- clared that the principio of demand was vital to the bill, and that if it were rejected tho whole question of personal rating would be reopened and tho battle of the franchise would have to be fought over again, the House decided, by tho narrow majority of two-207 to 205-in fa- vour of the rejection of the clause. Nearly the whole of the Treasury Bench went into the opposite lobby to the mass of their supporters, and a section of the Liberal mal- contents voted with the Tories, on the ground ostentatiously taken by Mr. Roebuck, that he desired to exclude the rabble" from tho constituent body. A supplementary debate, of a highly sensational character, was pro- voked, during which Mr. Gladstone declared that if that vote were not reversed, house- hold suffrago would become a mockery, and denounced the bad faith of the Govern- ment. Tho Chancellor of the Exchequer, accordingly, gave a vague promise to bring in a fresh provision for notice of a rate being given to the qualified householder. The Fact is, the House was getting alarmed at the revolutionary nature of its handiwork, and symptoms of reaction were setting in. Unable to recall their dubious gift of house- hold suffrage, a large section of Liberals, as well as the Tory party, were anxious to im Sose all possible restrictions, with a view of Smiting the dreaded mischief. Monday, the 1st, witnessed a sudden and unaccountable fit of the House in favour of purity of election, and one of those remark- able concessions on the part of Government which have so often startled tho country. A new clauso, proposed by Mr. Candlish, was carried for disfranchising all electors em- ployed for reward at an election as agents, canvassers, messengers, or in similar capa- cities, and for making it a misdemeanour in tho elector so employed to vote. But the House, while condemning the agent, refused to saddle the candidato with any respon- sibility in such a case, and struck out a provi- sion to effect that object. The same evening the House was convulsed by quite a tempest of party wrath, and a revolt of the Tories against their leader. It will be remembered that, on the threat of Mr. Disraeli last month to reconsider the position of the Government in relation to the whole bill, the House rejected Mr. Laing's amendment, to give additional representa- tives to largo constituencies. On the 1st inst., however, Mr. Horsfall, a Conserva- tive, proposed a clause conferring a third member on Liverpool, Manchester, and Birmingham-three out of the six boroughs affected by Mr. Laing's amend- ment. Mr. Adderley, the Under-Secretary for the Colonies, was put up to oppose the plan, and declaim against the representation of numbers. From the tenor of this speech it was inferred that Government had put its foot down ; but a little later in the evening Mr. Disraeli rose, and not only contemptuously threw over his betrayed subordinate, but actually went further than the motion de- manded, and consented to include Leeds among the towns to which a third member should be added. This was the signal for an outbreak of angry rebellion against the tricky Tory leader, and, instigated by the in- dignant protests of General Peel, voted to the number of sixty-eight in opposition to the Government. The clause was carried by the aid of Liberal votes, but the soreness and irritation in Conseivative minds is excessive, and at an earlier stage of the session would undoubtedly prove dangerous. The incensed old general said in his speech that the Reform Bill was no longer anybody's bill. The ex- pression " compound" had been applied to the householder, but would bo much more descriptive of the bill. It was a compound bill compounded in fragments. It was also, he said, " a bait very difficult to swallow, or digest when swallowed," und he crowned his speech by the biting epigrammatical remarks :-" There are three strong opi- nions I have formed (during the composition of the bill), that there is nothing that pos- sesses so little vitality as a vital point, that there is nothing so insecure as a security, and that there is nothing so elastic as tho con- science of a Cabinet Minister." Mr. Disraeli was dumb. His followers have eaten more than the traditional peck of dirt. ? Q'he resolution, to give an additional mem- ber to each of the four great northern towns, led to angry party altercations as to how the seats wero to be obtained. Mr. Disraeli, to pacify his followers, insisted that Salford and Merthyr would have to forego the privilege which had been promised thom. This was too much for the patience of the Liberals ; the hocus-pocus was too transparent ; and so the defeated manouvrer was compelled once moie to îecede from his position, and an- nounce to the House that the four representatives in question would be ob- tained by withholding the enfranchisement promised to Luton, Keighley, Barnsley, and St. Helen's. - There were not wanting speak- ers to urge that more of tho smaller boroughs should relinquish one of their members to enfranchise towns of such magnitude and growing importance, but the suggestion was strenuously opposed by Ministers, and the House subsequently ratified thelarrangement. The leading Liberals regard the redistribution section of the biU as merely provisional, and were, therefore, indisposed to interpose any such serious opposition as might have jco Îiardised the passage of the bill. A new Par- lament elected by household suffrage will assuredly renew the battlo, and complete the work of organic reform initiated by a Tory Government,. We have at least got a good instolmen, tthat satisfies even Mr. Bright for the present. On Thursday, the 4th, there commenced a debate on the principle of cumulative voting proposed by Mr. Lowe, which, after an ad- journment to next evening, was finally re- jected by a majority of 314 to 173. The ¿spec- tator, which has had the curiosity to analyse and classify the votes, states that of the 173 who sided with Mr. Lowe ninety-six were Liberals, and seventy-seven Conservatives, the Liberals therefore taking up the prin- ciple of cumulative voting even more gene- rally than Conservatives. Of the majority voting against it, ICG were Liberals, and 138 Conservatives. Thus the Liberal party, taken separately, gave a majority against it of seventy-ono. It is further re I marked that about sixty-two por cent, of tho majority who opposed the measure wero men above fifty years of age-that is, men whoso political ideas are likely to be stereotyped ; while seventy per cent, of the minority wero men below that age-men whose ideas aro more likely to influence the future than the present. Mr. Lowe mado a very clever soodch in favour of cumulative votingin the three-cor- nered andfour-cornercd borough». He did not argue for the representation of minorities ; but contended that all electors, whether in the minority or majority, should be on an equality. At present members of the mino- rities, if they wish ever to return a member, are forced to plump-that is, to give but one vote, while their opponents give three ; and so the minority are mulcted of two-thirds of their right, only because they are a mino- rity. As regarded the argument from ex- pediency, he held it to be desirable to break through the dreadful uniformity of tho household siiffiogc, and to give those who do not belong to the majority a chance hore and there of securing representation for finer shades of opinion. Mr. Disraeli's re- sistance was desplaycd in a thoroughly demo- cratic and rollicking speech. He objected to the cumulative vote on the curious plea that it would diminish the number of contests and incrcaso the number of unopposed re turnsi People so returned would be merely nominated. Schemes of this sort wero very good for debating societies, but for "free people, voting in the light of Heaven," he thought the proposal an absurdity. But though thus defeated for tho time, the ques- tion will come up again, and will win tri- umphant support. Time would fail to tell of the swarm of sug- gestions and amendments which, have ob- structed tho way of the bill ; but under tho influence of the heat of the dog-days, the metropolitan festivities, andthoirresistible ap gealsofmindandbodylforchango andres t, these ave been swept aside with astonishing celerity. Everything was made to givo way to tho urgent necessity of a speedy disposal of the bill. The measure passed the committee on the 9th, the preamble was agreed to, and it was reported to the Houso of Commons on the 12th. Sir Rainald Knightley proposed that the original text or the bill should be printed, with all the altera- tions, erasures, and amendations which havo been made in il>-in which coso not a single lineament would be recognisablo: bat the suggestion was too much like a Joke to be adopted. The enemies of Mr. Disraeli at- tempt to mar his self-complacency by insin- uating that ho has nothing to bo proud of in the bill now before the House of Lords, as it owes its authorship to the House of Commons, and not to tho Ministry at all. Friday, the 12th, was devoted to the final revision of the bill. From two to seven in the afternoon, and again from nine tiU near midnight, members were engaged in removing the errors and defects which had accrued from the composite construction of the mensuro, and in the discussion of new clauses sub- mitted at the last moment for acceptance. The ballot was again trotted out by Mr. Berkeley, graduates of Oxford and Cambridge were admitted to the franchise, and an attempt to disqualify for ever persons once sentenced to ponai servitude was defeated ; but by dint of indomitable energy, the Chan- cellor of the Exchequer was ablo to announce before the close of tue sitting that the third reading of the hill would bo taken on the fol- lowing Monday, the 15th. THE PASSING OF THE BILL. On that night an animated debate of eight hours* duration took place, and a little after midnight the bill was read a third time and passed the Lower House. But the occasion was far from being one of unalloyed satisfac- tion and triumph to Mr. Disraeli- the putative father of the bill, and his Minis- terial colleagues. Instead of thoughtfully considering the general bearings and pro- bable effects of this extraordinary stroke of competitive legislation, this final stage of discussion was spent chielly in per- sonalities. Hour after hour, .Ministers were assailed by a storm of reproaches and un- pleasant imputations, and the wonder was that no one had heart to rebut them. The speeches, some of which wero powerful, took the form of protests or apologies. Lord Cran bome bore down sternly and heavily on his late Cabinet colleagues, quoting against them their previously expressed views with merci- less pertinacity. Mr. Lowe, the Cassandra of the House, consistent to the lost, recapitu- lated all his former vaticinations of the evils sure to flow from this democratising measure ; but he closed by intimating that, having loosened the Constitution from its ancient and secure moorings, he aud his friends would probably find it necessary to Americanise our institutions more com- pletely, so that they may be in harmony with the democratic basis now adopted-a very significant threat. The tone of most of the speeches showed plainly that the House was not enamoured of what it had done in com- mittee, but felt the expediency of making the best of it, and concuinng with as good a grace as possible in what was clearly beyond its control. The reticence and restraint of Ministers was remarkable. Taunts could not goad them into reprisals. Shafts from Han- sard, however thickly showered and deftly tipped, did not provoke to self-defence. They took the flagellation as kindly as they could. Whatever vindication was attempted was done by the dexterous Chancellor. He was no craven. He had led his associates into the quagmire, and he did his best to get them out. " Do you know what I aimed at ?" said a boy to his big brother after he had thrown a stone. "No; what?" "Why, that thing which I hit." Mr. Disraeli's speech, says the Nonconformist, was conceived in this view. This Reform Bill was a true exponent of Conservative principles. It was even imagined in 1852, but set asido by the Derby Cabinet because the country was not then prepared for it. If smaller measures had since been rejected, it was because they were inadequate, and therefore dangerous. "I for my part,"concluded Mr, Disraeli, in re; ly to tho melancholy prognostications of Mr. Lowe, "do not believe that the country is in danger. I think England is safe in tho race of men who inhabit her. that she is safe in something more precious than her accumu- lated capital-lier accumulated experience. Bhe is safe in her national character, in her ame, in the traditions of a thousand years, i nd in that glorious future which awaits her. " After such a Uno of defence there was, of course, nothing to be said. THE BILL IN THE HOUSE OF LORDS. Escaped from tho dangors of the Commons, there were still the obstructions and possiblo hostility of the Lords to be encountered. Earl Grey threatened a formidable opposi- tion, and some alarm took possession of the public mind. After two long evenings' de- bate, however, not meeting with the support anticipated, the oarl did not force his amend- ment to a division ; the bill was read a second time, and is now in committee of their lordships' nouse. THE LUXEMBURG QUESTION. The question of the Luxemburg guarantee docs not settle itself quietly. In reply to Lord Houghton, on the 4th, Earl Derby, somewhat shifted his ground. Ile now main- tains only that " technically" no party to a collective guarantee can bo called upon to enforce it if any other party to it re- pudiates his obligations. Morally wo might bo bound in honour to join any of the other signitaries to enforce tho violation of the treaty. Lord Russel' asserted that, while the technical obligation might be as the Premier represented, the country had undoubtedly placed itself under a moral bond to resist every attempt to violate the European guarantee. Tho organs of the German Go- vernment repudiate the loose interpretation put upon the transaction by our Ministers, and insist that their engagement binds us to intervention in case of an invasion of Lux- emburg territory. Such also is the view piopounded by Mr. Montague Bernard in The Times, as well as by all our leading journals. THE TROOP'S IN NEW ZEALAND. Notice of a motion on this subject having been given in the House of Peers by Lord Lyttelton, the Duke of Buckingham said there were no further papers which could be laid before Parliament in reference to the distribution of the British troops in New Zealand, and successfully en- treated his lordship to drop tho subject, it being undesirable to have it discussed at the present time'. The ex-Secretary of tho Colonies, tho Earl of Carnarvon, took the opportunity of stating that his attention had been called to a letter written by a person from New Zealand, in which various inter- pretations were placed on tho despatch writ- ten by him in reference to this subject. He quite agreed with his noble friend, that, as Her Majesty's Government desired the post- ponement of the discussion, it was advisable to let the matter stand over. At the same time he wished to say that the interpretations placed on his despatch were wholly un- founded, and ho could only account for the mistake on the supposition that the writer of the letter had either read the de- spatch very carelessly indeed, or had not read it al all. On a future occasion he should be perfectly prepared to justify the course which he had taken. He furthor remarked that if any part of the policy indicated in his despatch was being reconsidered by Her Ma- jesty's Government, it was very desirable that the House should be informée! of it. He had intended to settle the whole matter ,by the clearest and most definite instructions which he could give ; and if the noble duke was reconsidering the subject it was important that he should state the circumstance to the House. The subject was revived a few ovenings later by Lord Carnarvon, who, in moving for an address for a return of the regiments in New Zealand since January, 18G5, and the date of their embarkation, entered upon a vindica- tion of a despatch written by him whilo hold- ing the offico of Colonial Secretary, which he considered had been misapprehended. He remarked that after the sole power of pre- scribing the policy with regard to the natives had been conceded to the Now Zealand Government, the Duke of Newcastle, as Colonial Secretary, had directed the return to England of all tho British troops, with one exception, subject to arrangement. These orders had not beon carried ont, except with very great delays, which Lord Carnarvon imputed to the Gover- nor, Sir G. Grey, acting under the influence of his local advisers. When he assumed office he had found tho directions of his predecessors still unfulfilled, and ho wroto a despatch insisting upon tho orders -being carried out, believing that the military officer had been overruled hy the Governor, but in that despatch he expressed himself in reference to some reported circumstances in a manner which had been somewhat misunder- stood. He, however, now desired to ascer- tain what were the present intentions of the Government in respect of the troops in Now Zealand. The Duke of Buckingham replied that the question was nearly in the same posi- tion as Lord Carnarvon had left it, but he believed that by this time aU the troops ex- cept one regiment had left the colony. Lord De Grey, referring to a particular remark, nsked whether the number of troops to be retained in New Zealand was still to be a subject for consideration ; but the Duke of Buck nghain ^replied that the doubt only applied, tothe one regiment which it had been always intended to leave in the colony. Lord Lyttelton justified tho with- drawal of the troops from the colony, and re-marked upon tho independent action of the Governor. The Duke of Cambridgo in- sisted strongly upon the subordination of the military to the civil authorities, and there- fore to some extent regretted the removal of the troops, although circumstances had'ren- dered necessary an exceptional course. The address was then agreed to. Tho Spectator of July 6 has a very able article on the military policy of the Earl of Carnarvon in New Zealand during his brief colonial administration. While bearing a highly appreciative testimony to his statesman- like ability in relation to Canada and Jamaica, tho writer animadverts with some severity on his stupid bluuelerings in tho treat- ment of the New Zealand Government. Ho is accused^, in common with his official predecessors, of indulging in "a sort of prig- gish schoolmasterish tone," which tho colo- nists aro justified in resenting. Examples of this fault are given from recent despatches. THE EASTERN MAILS. The Imperial Government, it appears, con- templates the 'adoption of Brindisi, in Italy, .as an alternate postal route with that be- tween Marseilles and Alexandria. With this view it has given the Peninsular and Oriental Company notico for the termination of its Mediterranean contracts by tho end of January next, and has invited tenders for the conveyance of Her Majesty's mails between Southampton and Alexandria, Mar- seillesand Alexandria, and Brindisi and Alex- andria. Now, Sir Cusack Roney, in a pam- phlet justpublished, shows that Government is wrong in thus multiplying routes, and con- tends that, breaking away boldly from all ti aditionol fetters, it should abandon tho old lautes, and despatch both the light and heavy mails by Brindisi. The saving in time would be considerable. When a certain gan of 225 miles in the railways between Bombay and Calcutta has been filled up, and this route adopted, the transit of the moils between London and Calcutta, which now occupies thirty-four days via Marseilles, will be re- duced to twenty-three ond a half days, with tho certainty of a further reduction of two days if the speed of the steamers is increased two knot3 an hour between Brindisi and Alex- andria, and one knot an hour between Suez and Bombay. As this proposal of Sir Cusack Roney, if carried out, will be an important clement in the new postal arrangements with the Australasian colonies, it is desirable that the details and full bearings of the scheme should be studied by all interested in tho question. THE TICHBORNE CASE. The Tichborne Baronetcy case, after having almostpassedkmtof public notice, hasatlength become the subject of proceedings in the Court of Chancery. The Hants Advertiser says that the claimant of the baronetcy was at Alres- ford, in Hants, near which the family seat is situated, a few weeks since, and was visited by the neighbouring gentry and the Tich- borne tenantry. Ho was invited to the family mansion by its present occupant, Colonel Lushington, and people in large num- bers came from the surrounding villages to see the heir who was lost, but is found again. THE TRADE UNION OUTRAGES. The horrible revelations of murder and villanous outrage made before the Sheffield Commission havo produced a profound im- pression on the public mind, and will lead to much acrimonious controversy and bitter re- crimination for a long time to come. So far as Sheffield is concerned, it is to be hoped that the confessions wrung from Broadhead, Crookes, Hallam, and their guilty confe- derates, have put ns in possession of the worst of the crimes that have attached a stigma of infamy to that town. Tho investigations were continued till the 8th instant, and evidence was adduced that tho "executives" of tho unions in the steel trade and the brickmaking trade either con- nive at or sanction all soi ts of atrocities, not always excluding murder ; that the managing committees shut their eyes lest they should seo facts patent to everybody else ; and that the minor persecutions, such as rattaning (that is, stealing and secreting tools as a punishment), are universally prevalent. So completo is the terrorism that one raastor, Christopher Rotherham, was threatened with death for refusing to drive his men into the union ; another, Mr. Tysack, thought it wisest not to inform tho police whon sliot at with a revolver ; and a third, rather than appear before the commissioners to testify agaivii. his workmen, rushed off to the Paris Exhibition. The masters, it was confessed, were " completely cowed." Among tho brick ínakerSj needles aro put into the clay used by non-unionists, to destroy their hands. The final sitting of Mr. Ovcrend and his colleagues was on the 8th, when they received applica- tions for certificates on behalf of thoso who had made an unreserved confession of thoir -crimes. Mr. Sugg applied on behalf of many of the men, Broadhead's name being first on his list. Mr. Overend handed him a list of the crimes to which Broad head had confessed, with an intimation that tho secretary to the commission would give a certificate. The samo course was talton with respect to tho other witnesses, the most noticeable of thoso who appeared in porson being Sam Crookes. The commissioners re- fused to hear Joseph Thompson, the secre- tary of the Scissor-forgcrs' Union. They had decided not to grant a certificate to him.- Mr. Overend expressed tho thanks of the com- missioners to the town authorities and to all thoso persons who had aided them in their arduous labours. Ho concluded by saying, "No doubt thero havo been very serious revelations made of terrible crimes, things the country never in any degree anticipated ; and although it has been a great disgrace to the town, I trust tho fact oi there having been these revelations will bo the nicans ot improving the position of the unions, and will enable the commissioners to present such a report to the Legislature as will enablo it to próvido laws and regulations to put the unions in a better position. At all ovonts, not only the crimes ot murder of the character we havo heard, but also the other various crimes it has been our duty to investigate, havo now come to light ; and I believe, and my colleagues believe, great good will como of this-however painful the inquiry has been-to the town and to the country generally." The inquiry was then formally closed. WHAT IS THOUGHT IN SHEFFIELD. It was naturally supposed that this snddon oxposuro of tho dovilish wickedness of the chief agents in tho execution of trade union vengeance would havo covered them with shame, and driven thom forth from a town that must abhor their poUuting prcsenco. But, to their deeper disgrace, it is not so. Tho first shock given to the public senso of propriety was by the announcement that Broad head, with cool effrontery, had applied to the Court for his expenses in attending to give evidence. TheBo were sternly refused, with expressions of disgust shared hy the nation. Then wo learned that the head murderer, who keeps' a public-house, was driving a thriving business, the Royal George being the resort of crowds of curious and sympathising friends, who talked and joked about the deeds of blood which had mado him so famous. Crookes, too, was constantly on view, with the " ould gun " that had slain the innocent ; and the time was spent in heartless "Jesting and threats of what they will do in the future if any attempt is made to put down trade unions. And menaces against masters and individuals deemed hostile to them, havo been as rife as over. Tho managing editor of the Sheffield Telegraph, who has before been threatened, writes to The Times to say that for remarks published during the inquiry he> has been -warned of his intended assassination. At the same time there exists in some quarters a mawkiBh sentimentality in relation to the miscreants who have so nar- rowly escaped the gallows they so richly de- served. A letter in Tlie Times, signed " Hal lamsliire," and which many regarded as a tissue of irony, attempted to extenuate then crimes, and appealed for sympathy on their behalf. It, however, only represented with a slight exaggeration, a phaso of feeling existing in Sheffield. During the first horror excited by the confessions of Crookes and his fellow-assassins, tho employers of Crookes very properly gave him notico to quit their service. This, in the esti- mation of not a few persons, was unchristian Íiersecution. If Messrs. Taylor discharged rim, who else would put him on Î And if thrown out of work he would be driven into a career of guilt, and his poor wife and chil- dren would como to want. An exponent of these views was found in the person of the Rev. R. Stainton, who went to Crookes's em- ployers, and pleaded with them so successfully that they consented to retain bim in their service. Mr. Stainton being strongly cen- sured for tho step he had taken, ho vindi- cated the duty and policy of a course of charity and compassion towards these con- doned criminals before a great opon air meeting at Sheffield, held on the 8th inst. Between 10,000 and 15,000 working men were assembled on tho occasion. A re- solution, stiongly condemning the foul deeds which have BO long systematically disgraced the town, and promising to use every effort to redeem its character, was passed. In harmony with this public avowal, at a meeting sinco held, it was determined to establish a Chamber of Industry for the town ; the object of it being "to look to the interests of both capital and labour, in order to bring them into closer union, to givo advice in cases of dispute, to promote tno study of the principles of poli- tical economy, and to examine the laws re- lating to capital and labour." MEETINGS IN LONDON AND OTHER PLACES. To avert suspicion of complicity or sym- pathy with the Sheffield outrages, a series of meetings have been held in London by tho representatives of London and Provincial Trades Unions, to protest vehemently against all such atrocities, and to consider what course should be taken in consequence of the horriblo relations which have startled the country. Sofarasstrongly- phrasedresolutions go, these demonstrations were satisfactory enough. And to dissociate themselves from the villanies of Sheffield, they resolved that the executivo and head-quarters of the asso- ciation of organised trades ought to bo with- drawn from that town, and that every union at all implicated must be reconstructed, or bo put in Coventry till rbis is done. The crowning demonstration of industrial indignation and horror took place in Exeter hall on tho evening of the 2nd inst., and would have passed off successfully, leaving a salutary impression on tho minds of tho artisans present, but for ono most pernicious speech, which has done infinite mischief, and bred a world of bitterness. That speech was delivered by Professor Bccsly, who occupies a chair at tho University College, London ; and though some feeble attempts have been mado to excuse it, his best friends deeply regret it as a serious error of judgment. So great is the disgust that it has excited in in- fluential quarters that his removal from his professorship has been rumoured, a step against which tho Spectator earnestly protests. The professor had a fine oppor- tunity of inculcating pure and elevated sen- timents on the minds of thousands of work- ing men at a critical juncture in their indus- trial history. How shamefully ho abused it is now on record. It w»s not his fault if liis hearers did not carry away tho impression that the Sheffield outiages wero rather a mild reprisal for the bloodthirsty villany of tho wealthy classes. Instead of aiming to cherish the natural indignation of honest workmen, on whoso name a foul stain' had been brought, ho took pains to convince them that the stain was nothing remarkable. Above all, lie deprecated " ex- aggerated language about the Sheffield out- rages;" and thought that " when that meet- ing was over, nearly enough would have been said about this matter." Let not working men disturb themselves: "murder by trade unionists was no better and no worse than any other murder." Ho implied, indeed, that tho former was exceptionally excusable " It was only a sense of wrong tho unionists endured which mado them out- step the limits of legality.. The law was such that tho magistrate at Marlboi ough-street had legally committed more outrages than Broadhcad." " Now that the unions had once for all pro- tested against these outrages, enough had been done." If they wanted soino one to denounce, was there not tho ox-Governor of Jamaica? There, indeed, was "a murderer, his hand red with the blood of 400 men slain in the interest of employers !" But had tho upper classes "protested" againsthisconduct? No ; and tho obvious inference was that tho lower classes should guard against excess in speaking or thinking of Sheffield. Such was the tone, and, where inverted commas aro used, such was the actual language of Mr, Beesly. The Times of July_ 4th contained a severe hut faith* written criticism of tho Professor's Red Indian speech, expressing what every unbiassed reader of the passionate tirade felt as to its spirit and tendency. FURTHER INQUIRIES. The unveiling of Trades' Union ini- quities is to bo further extended. Shef- field is not tho only placo where outrages havo been perpetrated; and the House of Commons have by a bill conferred on the commission the requisite powers to prosecute their in- quiries m other towns. Information has been privately supplied to Mr. Gurney which proves that vindicative inflictions on non-unionists are the nile rather than the exception ; and letters from employers in several of our largo towns show the frightful tyranny which the trade executives aro exercising over masters and men alike. In the discussion on the bill, some of tho speakers expressed deep regret that certificates of indemnity should have been granted to such monsters as Broadhcad and Crookes, and hoped the power of condoning such offences would not bo lightly exercised in tho future. Everybody, of courso, is sorry to seo so glaring a miscarriage of justice ; but this is tho price society has had to pay for the disclosure of the guilty secrets which all the ordinary agencies of law had failed to discover. MR. ROEBUCK'S QUAMIEL. An unseemly quarrel has happened be- tween Mr. Roebuck and Mr. Conolly, of tho Masons Society, who has attonded the sit- tings of tho Trades Union Commission as re- presentative of the trades. Mr. Conolly, at a recent meeting, having said, in reference to the Sheffield outrages, that " anything might be expected of a town which returned such a representativo as Mr. Roebuck," that gen- tleman brought the insult before the com- mission, and demanded a retractation of tho language. Mr. Conolly refused ; whereupon Mr. Roebuck said either Mr. Conolly or him- self must ceaso to attend the sittings of tho commission. The commissioners decided on the exclusion of the author of the slander whereupon there has been plentiful dirt throwing against Tear'em and the commis- sion. TRADES UNIONS IN AMERICA. Mr. A. S. newitt, a Pennsylvania» iron- master, lias been examined before the Com- mission on Trades Unions. Ho says that unions exist all over America, and described a caso at Pittsburg in which three or four murders had been committed to keep off out- siders. In another instance, the miners'in New Jersey stopped without notico, and com« pelled all min8rs3hey^crjuH roach to leavo* work also. The -labourers, ^ Howeyer,¿j, are usually Irish, tho-English, like-tho Ameri-, cans, doing the work of supervision, and tho I Scotch rising so fast in life that they were , positively dreaded in the shops. In his own works the owners would not receive Scotch "workmen, lest "they should become proprie- tors"-a striking testimony to the Scotch powervöf getting on. i ,, THE TAILORS' STRIKE. Tho tailors' strike grows more and more complicated and hopeless. Several of the leaäörs of the movement were indicted for 'conspiracy against the employers, and for in- validation towards mon who were disposed to 1 work for the masters on the old terms. Whon j the day for trial came, the counsel for the . operatives declared that they wero unpre ' pared to undertake the defence, and pleaded ,.1011 a postponement of the trial. After j a long discussion tho request was granted, I on condition. that tho pickets should be Í in the meantime withdrawn. The com i mittce of the operative association con- sented to this arrangement. When it be ? camé known to the trade, however, the ox . rcitement was intense and dangerous ; and, ' under the sway of uncontrollable passion, the committee was expelled from ofiico, and a now governing body chosen, who restored ? tho ¡irritating picketing system, and broke ? faith with the counsel for the prosecution. Meanwhile, the example of prosocuting for alleged conspiracy set by the masters has been imitated by the men. Some of the em- ployers have formed themselves into an asso- ciation for the employment of non-unionist i'journeymen only, and require all porsonsin f their service to register themselves in an office iiin Air-street. This the unionist operatives re t presentasanillcgalcombinationagainstthem L selves, and on the 13th inst. the treasurer, secretary, and several of the members ap- peared before Mr. Tyrwhitt to answer sum- monses taken out against them by the Opera- tivo Tailors Association. The case of the operatives was argued by Mr. Chambers, but \- he failed sign ally to establish tho charge of ".unlawfully conspiring, or confederating by unlawful means and devices," to injure or molest the journeymen tailors, and the case was dismissed. Tho masters are determined to put down unionism, as it at present exists, , if possible ; and public sympathy, which at first was with the operatives, is fast turning 'to the side of the master tailors. '?< THE FENIAN LEADERS. 1 The fugitive leaders in the late Fonian ' outbreak are one by one dropping into the ' hands of tho authorities. Between two and « three jweeks ago, in consequence of private 1 information supplied to the police, some officers, accompanied by Corydon, the ap ' prover, turned off to Queenstown, and went ' on board an outward-bound American steamer just as she was on the point of starting. This seasonable visit resulted in the capture « of the Fenian General Halpin and a Fonian agent named Breslin. They are now in custody in Kilmainham Gaol, and are 'to be put on their trial. On Satur- day, the 13th, another important success was achieved in the capturo of General , Parióla, an Italian by birth, lately a general in the Federal array, and one of tho busiest promoters of the Fenian sedition. He is a . most intimate friend of Stephens. After " having been on the Continent keeping out of the way for over three months, he was tracked to our shores, and arrested while walking along Oxford-street. ? MR. LLOYD GARRISON IN LONDON. ' Tho public breakfast given at St. James's hall, on June 29, in honour of Mr. Lloyd ; Garrison, has naturally attracted a good deal of attention. Besides the distin- guished men who by their presence and ' speeches on the occasion joined in com- memorating tho grand success achieved by the untiring labours of our illustrious Ame- rican guest, most of our public prints have followed with the heartiest tribute of admira j tion and eulogy. The Times, however, thinks this praise of an individual is likely to be overdone, and ascribes the downfall of Ame r lican slavery moro to material and political than to moral means. And the Pall Mall , Gazette is yet more inimical to the claims of Mr. Garrison upon our gratitude and rever- ence. In on articlo headed, " Shall we Crown ( our Fanatics ?" there is an attempt to depre- ciate the value of his sorvices in tho work of ' slavery abolition; but the spiteful criticisms will . do nothing to lower tho public estimation in ' which this glorious fanatic is held., Tho most remaikable incident perhaps in the proceed- ings of the meeting at St. James's-hall was the admission of error spontaneously made by Eau Russell. It is extremely raro for , statesmen to confess a mistake in judgment in grave matters of public policy ; but the noble earl not only OM ned that want of know- ledge caused him to err in blaming President , Lincoln for not issuing a proclamation decree ^g the abolition of slavery as soon as the war commenced, but ho admitted that ho had been convinced of his mistake by the conversa .tion and arguments of Mr. Adams. " I did "not," he frankly said, "do justice to the efforts that were made by the United States í Government." This retractation cannot fail . to mollify the smarting wounds of Yankeo " pride. ' THE FATE OF LIVINGSTONE. The latest intelligence íegarding tho fate of ' Dr, Livingstone is as conflicting as over. ' Another version of the story of Moosa and ;his Johanna men has led to the belief that the great explorer was undoubtedly killed by tho treacherous natives on the Zambesi. Sir Roderick Murchison still disbelieves the re- port ; and news fiom Bombay represents ono of trio missing sepoys as having arrived at ' Zanzibar with tho information that the doctor was alive and well. It wUl not be boforo Christmas that thoso uncertainties will bo set ' at rest by the report of the searching expe- dition, CHANGES. Lord Justice Turner, who died from tho effects of a severo cold, will be succeeded by .Sir John Rolt, the Attorney-General. Vice Chancellor Kindersley has retired, and Mr. 'Malins has been appointed in his place. The ' Venerable Dr. Lushington, owing to serious indisposition, has been compelled to vacate his post in the Admiralty Court ; and to com- plete the list of judicial changes, tho retire- ment of Lorel Colonsay in Scotland has been announced. Mr. Warren, the Irish Solicitor .General, will succeed Mr. Chatterton in the office of Attorney-General, and also in tho representation of Dublin University. Colonel Wilson Patten is inducted into tho Chancel . lorship of the Duchy of Lancaster. RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. Tho railway excursion season promises to ? yield its usual harvest of death and dis 'aster. We have already had several dread ,ful collisions, two of which wero attended hy a heavy loss of life and a fearful amount of mutilation and misery. The first accident happened on tho London and North- -western line, at Warrington junction, whore a passenger train, owing to defective manage- ment of the points, ran at full speed into a , slackened coal train, with the inevitable resulting horrors. A moro terrible, though 'happily less fatal, smash took placo on tho London, Chatham, and Dover Railway, near Victoria Station, and just before reaching the new bridge which spans the Thames. The pointsman was again in fault. Carriages wero dashed against an abutment wall be- tween tho high and low level, and sixteon persons were more or less seriously injured. THE CZAR'S WOULD-BE ASSASSIN. Berezowski, tho Polo who shot at tho Czar .in Paris, has been found guilty, and son tonccd to penal servitude for life. So great was tho impression produced by the speech for tho defence;-an eloquent description of the violation of Poland-that no less than six of tho jury, it is said, were for absolute ac auittol.' The assassin's parents |aro in iberia. DOINGS AT ROME. Tho eighteenth centenary of St. Peter has bcon eolobrated in Romo with a magnificence seldom equalled, and which fairly turned tho head of The Times correspondent. Five hundred bishops savo one wero present, and about 20,000 priests, from all countries and climes. The Pope pro- nounced an allocution, but did not, as had " been expected, summon a General Council to \- declaro his infallibility. That bold step is reserved for some futuro occasion. Twonty fivo newly-acknowledged martyrs roceivod canonisation, and during the pageant ono of the spectators was so overcome that he fltabbed himself and died. The scattering of tho sacerdotal throng was* even more rapid .than the gathering. Tho cholera broko out, and tho railways could scarcely carry away the) frightened clergy. x /. G AKEBAIfDrS MOVEMENT. * ' The Paris- PrSíe^ professés;"to' have in-, formation oï-a [somewhat startling nature" ..'respecting the movement uponTlome, which" has been anticipated 'for some time past. It has heard that Mazzini is in Italy, and is acting in the matter in concert with Gari- baldi and the National Roman Junta. Gari- baldi is saidto be in Pisa, and to have .appointed the officers of the army which is to attack Rome, and which is to act in conjunc- tion with the Liberals within the walls, who. are to rise simultaneously in insurrection. Should the movement be successful, a re- public is to be proclaimed in the city. The Nord looks upon the present state of matters as a very serious one, and hints that the Pope is meditating an appeal for assistance to ?the Catholic Powers of Europe, with the view of giving a new leaso to the duration of the temporal power. THE ITALIAN DIFFICULTY/. In Italy, the difficulty of dealing with church property has caused the downfall of another, Finance Minister. Signor Ferrara has resigned, and Ratazzi holds tho portfolio for a time. He has consented to accept the sweeping proposals of the Parliamentary com- mittee as the basis of the new financial policy. Each successive scheme is worse for the church party than its predecessor. An attempt has been made, but defeated, to declare null and void all the acts of the Ricasoli Ministry in re- ference to the appointment of bishops and tho recent negotiations with Rome. The pre- sent Government has been beaten on an army question by a largo majority. Tho chief military commands aro to bo suppressed. THE EXECUTION OF MAXIMILIAN. The rumour of this horrible deed, which sent a shudder through Europe on the 1st of this month, and which everybody strove to disbelieve, has pioved to bo only too true. Particulars of this dreadful tragedy will in all probability have reached Australia from America before my letter is in print. All European peoples, and the Americans too, condemn and denounce the deed, and aro touched with a deep sorrow at the strange spectacle of a murdered Emperor and a maniac Empress, who even yet is igno- rant of her husband's terrible fate. The Daily News, and the party it represents, after dropping their crocodilo tears, sec in this deed only a legitimate and natural act of vengeance. Maximilian was a fillibusfcer, the puppet of a scheming European ruler, tho piopagator of Imperialist notions among a re- publican people, a usurper and an invader, and the, author or instigator of tho murdor of patriots fighting for the independence of their country^ He had treated as brigands men who resisted his authority, and his friends ought not to complain that the same measure was meted out to him again. There is a certain speciousness about this way of putting the case, a technical consistency, which may impose on a few persons, but hap- pily the healthy instincts of Englishmen m general are revolted by such a travestie of a nobly-meant endeavour to purify, exalt, and consolidate a nation so long the prey of anarchy and strife. Though tho American people seem to be generously moved by tho tragic end of the Austrian adventurer, a feeling pievails that then Governmentmight, had it chosen, have averted the execution. The reflections on the Emperor Napoleon for , his share in this catastrophe, by a portion of the press, are very severe ; and even in the Legislative Body, the history of tho dis- astrous Mexican campaign, the abandon- ment of Maximilian at the dictation of America, and the melancholy issue of the intervention, have been related by M. Theirs with a bitter animus against the Imperial policy. M. Rouher, for his oblo defence of the Emperor, has been rewarded with the cross of the Legion of Honour. Napoleon feels his position very keenly, and will never cease to be haunted by the spectral forms of his ruined dupes. Tho sanguinary Juarez for a time refused oven to surrendor the corpse of Maximilian, and a rumour was current that a French and Austrian squadron would be sent to Mexico to insist on its deli- very. The latest account, however, states that the body of his victim will be given up, and Admiral Tegethoff is on his way to claim it, accompanied by an officer of the American navy. THE FRENCH MINISTER IN MEXICO. The fears which havo for some time past been entertained respecting the safety of M. Daro, the French Minister in Mexico, havo been set at »rest by the receipt of a telegram from him, announcing his intention of leav- ing Mexico in a week. It is evident, from tho fact that he says nothing of what has occurred since he last communicated with the home Government, that his silence was an enforced one. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. i _ (FBOM OUB OWN COBBESPONDENT.) LONDON, JULY 20. THE STATE OP TUB MARKET. In monetary matters there is no improve- ment to repoit. Indeed, tho general depres- sion and distrust seem to deepen from day to day. Money continues to accumulate not only sn this country, but in all the chief cities of Europe. The only break in this stato of things has been in Paris, where, in tho early part of the month, owing to Govern- ment withdrawals, there was a diminution in the stock of bullion of about a million sterling ; but the exceptional cause having ceased, tho lost returns show a renewed increase. This plethora of capital, with so few outlets for its profitable employ- ment, renders it a veritable drug in the market. Tho official minimum is still main- tained at two and a half per cent., to the surpriso of the public, since money to any amount is obtainable in the open market at two, while first-class paper has been done as low as one and a half per cent. A reduction in the Bank rate was generally looked for last week ; but the directors, for somo un- recognisable reason, refrained from making a chango which is inevitable. Gold is still pouring in from America and from Aus- tralia, and as there is no continental de- mand, the fresh arrivals go to swell the enormous ' stores of tho Bank of Eng- land. It is not improbable that money will eio long be procurable as low as ono per cent. Even now there aro ample supplies on the Stock Exchango at ono and a half per cent, for short periods. Trade meanwhile languishes and aroops moro than over. In all mercantile business, scarcely anything beyond mero hand-to-mouth transactions take placo. Enterprise, safe or speculative, has never perhaps been moro stagnant. From a credulous confidence in ovcrytlung, the public has gone over to the opposite extreme of unreasoning distrust of everything. Tho usual concomitant of a cheap money-market -a rise in the value of all kinds of secu- rities-is altogether wanting. The Funds are tolerably firm, because just now they aro tho only trusted investment, though even consols appear to have reached their maximum quota- tions, and havo for tho past week shown symp- toms of a decline. Every fresh considerable ar- rival of gold imparts additional flatness. Present quotations are from 94J to 95. Foreign bonds are- mostly out of favour, Railway stocks have fallen into almost hope- less discredit, and few persons are disposed to buy such hazardous securities, except at ruinous sacrifices by the sellers. Joint-stock companies' shares of nearly all descriptions aie visited with that sort of indiscriminate condemnation by which tho public invari- ably attempt to atone for previous excess of confidence. Indian securities and a few of the best of the colonial bonds aro occasionally bought ; but the supply of these in the market is limited. The total want of confidence in other departments has necessarily also affected Australian and New Zealand securities during tho past month ; and although prices havo not fallen very greatly, sales aro ex- tremely dull at the annexed quotations. ¡ TABMANIAK AND NEW ZEALAND LOANS The Tasmanian loan of £1)5,000, brought out by tho Bank of New South Wales at 95, was a completo failuro, three tenders onlyi having been received, and one only accepted for £1,000. In truth, the public havo been so victimised during the past two years thati nothing short of consols will satisfy them. | Tho Provincial Government Debentures of, New Zealand remain totally unsaleable i The financial accounts from New York I describe a total absence of any disposition, toward investments in public or other securi- ties, the tone of the markets being exactly like that which prevails in Paris auaLondon. \- « THE SHAKE MABKET. Mr. Leemon's Sale of Shares Bill has come into' operation, and has,created no little difficulty among the dealers in tho joint stock bank department r of the Stock Ex- change. The latter aro naturally averse to^ bo compelled to forego a portion "of their profits because the general public entertain a dislike to allow banking establishments and their shareholders to be ruined by adverse speculators. For this reason, it seems that the dealers have refused latterly to " make prices," which is pretty nearly tantamount to giving up business altogether. If they think by this means to put any pressure upon tho public they will find themselves wof ully_ mis- taken. It is not often that general opinion is unanimous, but certainly in the case of Mr. Leeman's salutary bill there has been no difference whatever. Below aro the latest quotations of Austra- lian securities and shares : Share, .= ., or I '5 g-l Names ot Companies, ice. Bond. P*3! Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Shares] 203 Stock Stock OOVEttiiMBXT 8T0CK8. Victoria Government 0 per cent. (Jan. and July) Do., do. (April and Oct ) New South Wales, 6 nor cent., 1871 to 1870.. Do., do., 1888 to 1892 Do., do., 1807 to 1875 South Australian, 0 per cont. (Jan. and July) .. MelbournoCorporatlon, Oper cent. (May and Nov.) Geelong Corporation, 0 por cent. (May and Nov.) Queensland 0 per cent. (Jan, and July) .. ," New Zealand, 0 per cent. (General Qo\ enunont) Do., 6 por cent. COMTANIBS' BOOTS. Melbourno and Hobson'« Bay Railway, 0 per cont, Bonds (1880) Do., 5 por cent. ,1895 BANKS. New South Wales .. Australasia. Union of Australia .. South Australia London Chartered of Aus- tralia. English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartered .. Oriental New Zealand .. Victoria .. .: Otago. Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China National of Australasia MIKES. Yudanamutauaof SouthAuS' tralia . Port PhillipMlnlngComp&ny; Scottish Australian Mining. Kapunda, S.A. Worthing Copper, S.A. Yorke Peninsula ,. M1SCKLLANK0US. Australian Agricultural Australian Mortgago, Land, and Finance English and Australian Cop- per . Molbournoaud Hobson's Bay Otago and Southland Im est ment Compauy New Zealand Trust and Loan Now Zealand Loan and Mer- cantile Agency Panama, New Zealand, and Australian Boyal Mail Do. do. Peninsular and Oriental Steam '., Do. do., new, 1807 .. South Australian Land Trust and Agoncy of Aus. tralasia . Van Diomen's Land Agri- cultural . North British Australasian Land. Pool Blver Land and Minorai Scottish Australian Invest- ment. 107* 110 107 105 104 01 105J 92 17 ,40 17 88 5 15 G 1 1 loxdlv. l8 par. 2r 30 123 1 Tile quotations debentures. Include the accrued interest on LOANS AND NEW COMPANIES. Italy.-Signor Ratazzi is expected to visit Paris at the end of the present month, to arrange for the loan of £21,000,000 on the chuich properties, which, it is believed, is to be raised by redeemable bonds, a * not, as at first contemplated, in the form o. îentes. Portugal.-Senhor Casal Ribeiro, the Portu- guese Minister for Foreign Affairs, is stated to have arrived in Paris. The object of his mission is understood to be to endeavour to obtain loan. It is believed, however, he will find both in this market and in Paris a fixed determination to resist any further advances to the Portuguese Government until justice shall havo been been done to the claims of the South-eastern of Por- tugal Railway Company, an undertaking,the treatment of which called forth tho active intervention of the British Foreign office. The Portuguese Government are said to havo lately obtained at Paris a temporary loan of £300,000, at the rate of twelve per cent., and négociations were in progress for a further amount, but they stopped by the publication of the facts regarding the South- Eastern Rail- way Company of Portugal. India.-The directors of the Great Indian Peninsular Railway Company announce that they have this day, with the sanction of the Secretary of State for India, created further capital requ', -d for the general purposes of the company, to the extent of £2,000,000, in 100,000 shares of £20 each, bearing guaranteed interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum. These shares will be allotted to tho proprietors of stock and shares upon the re- gister this day, in the proportion of ono now share for every six and a half old shares, or £130 of stock. s It appears from the official data that the amount of capital estimated to be required by the Indian railway companies, between the 31st March, 18G7, and the 31st March, 18G8, is £7,640,554, being nearly one million more than was Taised in the previous twelve months. Considering the present state of the money maiket, this moderate increase cannot lead to any inconvenience. It is satisfactory to find that clear official particulars are now rendered upon this point, and it is to bo hoped that complete information will in future be given in Parliament at theearliestpossible penod in each year. Russia.-The Russian Government has been negotiating the sale of the Nicolai Rail- way (between Moscow and' St. Petersburg) with Messrs. Baring, Hope,1 and Hottinguer. The price is to be £12,000,000, payable in in- stalments spread over three years. As this is to bo put out, however, in bonds bearing four per cent, interest at the price of 61Í, the actual sum in cash will be £7,087,500. In tho present condition of tho London and Paris markets, and the feeling with regard to rail- way affairs in general, an opinion prevails that the affair is too largo to bo immediately successful. A Turkish Loan.-The Porte has been again in the market for £2,000,000 sterling, and, concerning this loan, the Levant Herald of the lOtliinst.remarks:-"ThenewTurkish loan of £2,000,000 was taken by the Paris and not the Galata Société Générale. The Turquie publishes the following particulars concern- ing the loan, which wo believe will be gua- ranteed by the surplus of the tithes, in addi- tion to the unredeemed bonds of tho general debt, and the special revenues alluded to : ' We leam that, on the 2nd hist., the Imperial G ovemment concluded a loan with some Paris bankers on verysatisfactoryconditions for the Treasury. Tho amount of the loan in ques- tion is hfty-fivo millions of francs (two mil- lions sterling) repayable in three years ; it is guaranteed by the unredeemed shares of the general debt, and is to bo repaid in three annual payments by means of special re venues recently created. The rate of interest is, we understand, much lower than that re- quired by our local bankers. We are not yet conversant with all the details, hut may re- malle that it is creditable to the Grand Vizier and tho Ministor of Finance to note the readi- ness with which foreign capital is offered to Turkey of late, showing that, notwithstand- ing inteiested detraction, the credit of the empire has never firmer.' " The Capo of Good Hope.-The Cape Town Railway Company invite subscriptions for £30,000 of stock, bearing a fixed preferential dividend of six per cent, per annum from tho 30th inst., payable half-yearly. Telegraph Companies.-Tho Anglo-Indian Telegraph Company has issued a prospectus asking for £1,000,000 capital, to establish a " thoroughly effective telegraphic communi- cation between London and India, via Egypt and Aden." After these lines aro formed, ex- tensions aro in contemplation to Australia. The irregular and mutilated manner in which messages commonly arrive under the existing system of transmission through a number of countries has long; rendered it almost doubtful whether the Indian telegraph is not a draw- back instead of an advantage to the commer- cial public, and all parties will hail the suc- cess of a new and well-organised under talcing. Another company with similar objects is also announced, under tho title of the "India, China, and Colonial Telegraph Com- pany," with a capital of £700,000. The route proposed is via Falmouth, Gibraltar, Malta, &c.; At an extraordinary meeting of the Sub- marine Telegraph Company, held on the lGth, resolutions wero passed authorising tho laying down of a new hno of telegraphic com- munication between England and Belgium, and for this purpose inweasing tho capital by the issue-of £35,000 seven per'cent, prefer- ence stock, in addition to tho present capital of £265,000. THE BRIGHTON BAILWAY. A financial circular has just been issued to the shareholders "of tho-Brighton Railway * Company. It states that the total sum re- quired to bo raised to restoro tho company's finances, is not £2,000,000, but =£1,500,000, and that of this the directors seo their way to obtaining £500,000 by means of spare lands and debenture powers, so that not more than £1,000,000 need be raised by the issue of or- dinary stock, and of this latter sum "not abovo £500,000 or £600,000 will probably bo required for the next twelve months." DIVIDEND MEETINGS. Scottish Australian Investment Company. -The report, adopted on the 26th ult., re- commends a dividend for the half-year, payable on the 7th prox., at the rate of ton per cent, per annum, less income tax. This ?will absorb £15,000, and leave £137 to bo carried to the credit of tho reserve fund, which will then amount to £8,155. Union Bank of Australia.-At tho annual meeting of the proprietors, on the 15th, the directors' report, wliich announced a divi- dend of £2 2s. 6d. a share, being at the rate of seventeen per cent, per annum, was adopted. The chairman characterised it as a gratifying fact that, notwithstanding the adverse circumstances of the period referred to, the directors have been enabled to show a dividend at this rate, after providing for all bad and doubtful debts. The divisible profits weTe £108,017 ; and the amount of the re- serve is £250,000. . , Peel-River Land and Mineral Company.-. The meeting on tho 19th inst. declared a dividend of 1 per cent., payable to-day. This will absorb £6,000. Sheep have been unsale- able, and the fall in the wool market has so affected the company's rovenue as to leavo but a narrow margin of profit after payment of the colonial expenses. , . New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company.-The directors have announced an ad interim dividend at 10 per cent, for the past six months. The warrants will be issued on the 3rd of July. New Zealand Trust and Loan Company. A dividend of 5s. per share, being at the rate of ten per cent, per annum, was íesolved upon at the meeting on tho 23rd inst. Bank of Otago.-The report states that losses in New Zealand will prevent the decla- ration of a'dividend for the latter half of I860. Exertions havo been made, however, to reduce* the expenses, and expectations of future success are held out by the board. South Australian Banking Company.-A meeting of proprietors, held on the 12th inst., confirmed the resolution passed last month, authorising the directors to accept a supple- mental charter of incorporation. The half-yearly meeting of the Australian Trust Company is fixed for the 30th inst. At the annual meeting of the Australian Agricultural Company, on the 30th inst., the directors will recommend a dividend of 10s. per share. The report of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, to be presented on the 29th inst., recommends a dividend at the late of seven per cent, per annum, which will absorb £21,000. To effect this payment a withdrawal of £10,000 is to be made from the reserve fund, since, although the profits for the six months have been fully on an average scale, losses havo been sustained through the crisis of last year. Panama, New Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail Company.-The results of tho year's working exhibit a loss, after payment of debenture interest, of £18,607. This credit balance is reduced to £9,581 by the surplus profits from the previous year. The board look upon tho result as quito exceptional. The profits of the Panama and Australian ser- vice direct arc increasing, and with returning activity in trade different results are antici- pated. The annual subsidies receivable aro now £128,900 ; and tho loss is reported to have occurred in the intercolonial services only. At the meeting on the 12th inst., the report was adopted. The chairman spoko in hopeful terms of the future of the undertaking, re- ferring to the steady increase of revenuo on the Panama line, the giadual withdrawal of opposition steamers, the revival of ti ade in the Australian colonies, and the increase in the number of passengers consequent upon the discovery of gold in New Zealand. With reference to an action brought against the Panama, New Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail Company, by Lord Gilbert Ken- nedy, for a return of the amount paid by him on his shares, and the action of the company against his lordship to obtain payment of calls, the points involved in which were re- cently argued in the Court of Queen's Bench, a unanimous judf ment has been delivered in favour of the company in both cases. The warrants for the interest for the six months ending the 30th inst., on tho company's de- bentures, were payablo on and after Monday, the 1st July. Anglo-American Telegraph Company.-It is understood that at a general meeting of the company, which has been called for the 2nd of August, a dividend of 25s. on each £10 share will be declared, as on the last occasion, malting the distribution for the year 45s. per share, which, with the income-tax, is equal to about twenty-three per cent, for the year. A balance of about £10,000 will be carried for- ward to the credit of the reserve fund, but it is believed that the shareholders will be ad viseM to discontinue any such deduction as regards the future, so that the full dividend of twenty-five per cent, per annum may be paid henceforth. BANK DIVIDENDS. The London joint-stock banks continue to pay satisfactory dividends. Bonus and dividend combined will be as follows : Joint Stock .25s. per share. London and Westminster .... 28 per cent. Union of London . 25 ,. City Bank .10 Metropolitan (ad interim) ... 5 " Consolidated . 5 ,, Birmingham Joint Stock ... 20 ,, National Discount Company 17 " SUSPENSIONS AND LIQUIDATIONS. Messrs. Mellor and Southall, an old firm in the Brazilian trade, chielly through losses in cotton. Liabilities, about £300,000 ; assots, £200,000. Messrs. W. Brunner and Co., of New York, Manchester, and Bradford. Tho liabilities, which are estimated at about £200,000, are stated to be chiefly in Bradford and Germany. Messrs. Fairchild and Fanshawo, of Man- chester, engaged in the American trade, havo effected an arrangement with their creditors, by which the business of the house is to bo continued, and favourable terms îealised. Messrs. Sabel and Co,, in the Belgian glass and paper trade, with liabilities amounting to £18,000, and assets showing about 5s. in the pound. The Railway News calls attention to the extraordinary number of advertisements of properties to bo sold now to bo seen in our public prints, as a proof of the wide-spread ruin which has followed tho last round of indiscriminate Stock Exchango speculation, but which does not more publicly reveal itself. The liquidators of the Bank of Queensland have announced that they are in a position to pay all creditors' claims in full. The bank was placed in liquidation in October last. A prospect appears to exist that the company may be re-established. A first dividend of 3s. in tho pound has been announced to the creditors by the official liquidators of the New Zealand Banking Com- pany. _ An instance of promptitude and economy in winding up a company has just been fur- nished, as follows :-On tho 13th of May last a resolution was confirmed to wind up tho StafToidshire Rolling Stock Company, and Messrs. Charles Hcrrman and John Viret Gooch were appointed liquidators. They have since sold the property, collected tho debts, paid all liabilities, and have this week distributed to tho shareholders sixty-two per cent, of the original capital, tho whole having been effected at a cost (including legal and travelling expenses) of less than £100. THE BANK OP LONDON. A new feature of importance has trans- pired in connexion with the affairs of the Bnnk of London, and tends to confirm the belief which has always been entertained, that, had there been any calmness of judg-. ment at the time of the crisis last year, this bank ought not to havo been reduced to the necessity of stopping payment, and destroy- ing a fine business. Tho application of tho shareholders' committee of the Bank of London to closo the official liquidation and appoint a committee of management, con- sisting of Messrs. David Chadwick, Peter Robb, and George M'Nair, in accordance with the wishes oif the shareholders, and tho Î)roceedint;s of the public meeting recently leid, has been heard beforo Vice-Chancellor Wood. The proposals were approved, and an order mado to carry them into effect. This decision will in effect cancel the order re- cently made by the Court for an immediato call upon the shareholders. CTCEAT BAILWAY FAILUBE8. , In connexion with our railways, two events have occurred during the month of consider- able importance-the bankruptcy of Messrs. Peto, Betts, and Crampton, anti the appoint ment of a receiver for the Great Eastern-Rail- way. The solicitors to the firm of.JVIessrs. Peto and Co,-have addressed a letter to the inspectors of the estate, stating that the wind' irig-np under tho "inspection deed is" to be discontinued,'-and the whole concern placed under the jurisdiction of the Court of Bank- ruptcy. This arrangement has been rendered necessary, in consequence of the form taken by thc'dispute between tho firm and the Lon- don, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company. It will be remembered that Messrs. Peto and Co. claimed from the company a balance of upwards of'£380,000 ; but tho'company, so far from admittng that to bo the.state or the accounts, claim to be ' creditors of no less a sum than £6,001,941, exclusivo of interest. The change from liquidation into bankruptcy, if it produces'no other result, will dt least have the desirable effect of making the public a littlo better acquainted than they now aro with tho actual proceedings of Messrs. Peto and Co. in connexion with the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company. The Great Eastern Railway, too, after numerous ineffectual efforts at extrication, is in the Gazette. The Court of Chancery has interposed between the officials and the pro- prietors, and appointed a receiver, whoso business it will bo to take possession of all incomings, and appropriate them properly. It appears that there is a net revenue of £900,000 a year, of which £500,000 is absorbed in the interestof debentures. Thereremains£4OO,O0O a year for preference and other shareholders ; but then there are debts amounting to £3.000,000. The court will pay these off in seven years, and till then shareholders must go without anything. The company may of course pay off their debts by further borrow- ing-the usual and favourite method-but' they will have to' pay £240,000 as interest, which will not leave them much. According to a recent speech of Mr. Wat kin, chairman of the South-Eastern Com- pany, that company, as well as the Brighton, will have to submit to meagre dividends for some time to come. While satisfaction was expressed at the strong position of this com Eany as regards the absence of floating lia ilities, and at the prospects of large econo- mies from the arrangement with the Brighton Company, it does not escape notice that Mr. Watkin dwelt emphatically upon the pro- spect that the Brighton Company may not re- ceive any dividend "for two or three years." He also remarked that " the South-Eastern, must for a time expect a declension of their dividends, but they should bear it like men, and not be discouraged on account of a tempo iary necessity." These remarles confirm the views which are generally entertained among i airway men with regard to the probablo effects of closing the capital accounts. OVEREND, GURNET, AND CO. In the matter of Overend, Gurney, and Co., a petition was early in the month presented by the solicitors to the Defence Association to the nouso of Lords, to expedite the hear- ing of the appeals. It was considered that the magnitude of the interests involved, and the number of persons (theshareholders alono amount to nearly 2,500) who will bo affected by the result of the appeal, fully justified the presentation of the petition. The petition met with favourable consideration, and the appeal was introduced on Monday lost. The pleadings havo already extended over several days, and the decision has not been given at the date of my writing. REVENUE, TRADE, AND EMIGRATION RETUBNS. The quarter's revenue returns, and tho Board of Trade statistics for the month ending May 31, confirm all the favourable impressions which aro current of the sound- ness of our commerce and the goneral pros- perity of the country. Tho revenue for tho quaiter was £17,781,925, being an increase of £318,261 over the revenue in tho correspond- ing quarter of last year. The revenue for the year ending Midsummer was £09.752,829, being an increase over lost year of £2,026,393. A good harvest, of which there is every pro- mise, will help to restore activity in commerco, and expand our export trade, which has for a year past beon languishing. As regards our trade returns, the following shows the declared value of the exports of British and Irish produce and manufactures for the month of May in the last three years :- May, 1805, £13,194,758; May, I860, £15,870,131; May, 1867, £15,930,864. It w11 be seen from this comparison that the export trade is some- what larger than it was at the corresponding period of last year, when the panic was still raging, and that a very large increase is shown over 1805. Extending the com- parison, however, to the five months of tho present year, it follows that there has been a check to tho export trade, as compared with last year. The figures aro subjoined : live months, 1865, £60,901,576; do., 1866, £78,227,710; do., 1867, £72,123,393. . As re- gards impoits, the value of the principal aiticlcs for the first four months of the last tluee years is returned as under, showing similar movement to those presented by the exports :-Four months, 1865, £45,337,850; do., 1860, £68,804,895; do., 1807, £60,160,150. Bieaking of the Atlantic Cable.-A tele giam, dated Valentia, Saturday, the 20th of July, reports that the cable of 1860 was broken suddenly on Saturday afternoon ; that the preliminary experiments give the locality at fifty nautical miles from the other side-i.e., from Heart's Content. " This," says the chairman of the Anglo-American Telegraph Company, "would indicate a very moderate depth of water, hi which the injury can be repaired with great facility, as in the case of the recent accident to the shore end of the same cable. Tho 1865 cable is in perfect order." ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. Alexandra, at Deal, 12th July from Adelaide. Alwynton, ot Gravesend 3rd July, from Adelaide. A. W. Stephens, at Deal 4th July, from Now Zea- land. Christina Thompson, at Gra\esond 15th July, from Sjdncy. Canterbury, at Deal 15th July, from Adelaldo. Cecilia, at Gravesend llih Jnlv, from Adolaide. Celano, at Deal 29th July, from Otago. . ' Duke of Sutherland, at Gravesend 7th July, i from Adelaide. Epsom, at Gravesend 8th July, from Sydnoy. Forest Righto, at Gravesend 4th July, from Mel- bourno. Harvest Homo, at Gravesend 7th July, from Ade- laide. Hokianga, at Gravesend 6th July, from Adelaide. Jessie Isabel, at Gravesend 8th July, from Adolaldo. Lord Raglan, at Gravesend 28th Juno, from Sydnoy. Mermaid, at Gravesend 27th Juno, from Canterbury. Macduff, at Deal 20th Juno, from Holbourne. Marmor, at Deal 13th July, from Adelaide. Mormon, at Gravesend 13th July, from Adelaide. Novelty, at Deal 23rd July, from Auckland. Omar Pasha, at Deal 22nd July, from Melbourne. Orv.011, at Gravesend 27th Juno, from Sydney. Prince of Wales, at Deal 17th July, from Adelaide. Peeress, at Deal 11th July, from Adelaldo. -4 '. ' Sobraon, at Gravesend 8th July, from Sydnoy. ] Triton, at Livorpool 0th July, from Adelaide. Wild Duck, at Plymouth 0th July, from Now Zea- land. William Duthie, at Gravesend 7th July, from Mel- bourne. Warrior Queen, at Gravesend 7th July, from Otago. | Wellesley, at Gravesend 10th July, from Port . Phillip. 1 DEPARTURES. Agnes Roso, from Gravesend 1st July, for Sydney. Bridgetown, from Gravesend 10th July, for Swan River. Calheck, from Deal 0th July, for Sydnoy. Electra, from Gravesend 10th July, for Wolllngton. Fitzroy, from Gravesend 10th July, for Swan River. Hurricano, from Liverpool 10th July, for Mel- bourne. Melita, from Gravesond 23rd July, for Canterbury. Murray, from Gravesend 3rd July, for Adelaide. Prospector, from Gravesend 15th July, for Inver- cargill, N.Z. Pride of tho Ocean, from Gravesend 10th July, for Port Phillip. Prosporo, from Deal 17th July, for Now Zealand. Racer, from Gravesend 10th July, for Port Phillip. Star of Tasmania, from Gravesond 11th July, for Otago. Salamander, from Deal 6th July, for Port Phillip. Sniftsure, from Deal 12th July, for Port Phillip. Tornado, from Liverpool 4th July, for Molbourno. Yloksburg, from Gravesend 23rd July, for Mel- bourne. Walter Hood, fiom Gravesend 27tb Juno, for Sydney. SHIPS LOADING. AT LONDON. For Melbourne.-Sparkonhoo, Glendower, Damas- cus, Yorksliiro, Holmsdalo, Oleo Maiden, Superb, Warrior, Macduff, Mediator. For Sydnoy.-Christina Thompson, William Duthto, Orwell, Cospatrlck, Canaan, Burton Castle, Jason, Colonial Empire, Paramatta, Nourmabal, James Lis- ter, La Hoguo. For Adelaide-Yatala, City of Adolaldo, St. Leonards, St. Vincent, Orient, Alwnyton, Duko of Sutherland. For Hobart Town.-Alfred Hawloy, Wagoolo, Wind- ward. For Launceston.-Arramall, Fugitive. For Moreton Bay.-Queon of tho Colonies, Wintor thur, Landcsborough. For Swan Ri\cr.-Daylight, Zephyr. For Now Zealand.-Alexandrina, Water Nymph, Queen Bco, Glenmark, Mermaid, Casarca, Timaroo, Ccleano, Wild Duck, Invercargill. AT LIVERPOOL. For Melbourne.-Flechera, Donald Mackay, Red Jacket, Champion of tho Seas, Shalimar. For Sydney.-Globe, Esmeralda. For Adelaldo.-Duchess of Lancaster. ' ' ' AT Hcbii. For Melbourno.-Prince Charlie AT LEITH. For Melbourno.-Rothloy. For Adelaide. -Im orary. VESSELS SPOKElf WITH. Sophio, Adelaide to London, Juno l8,10 N., 20 W. E. Nicholson, London to Melbourno, May 25, i S.,' 31 W. Coburg:, from Wellington for London, 91 days out, June 0,20»., 37 W. ;"?.*-:;-AAMEMCLi. ^' '. "{, \\!\ J, -i-f; í , ' - . ~ (FBOM A OOBBJESrONDBOT.), ^ " ': *, ; ,/? NEVV'- YOÍIK-; JTOT IO. In this monthly summary I ^havo to chronicle two important events which oc- curred on our American continent since tho date of my last communication-the death of an empire on our southern border, and the birth of a new Government on'our northern frontier. On tho 1st of July, tho Canadas and the other British provinces emerged from their chrysalis state, and woro incorporated under one Government. The new dominion was proclaimed on the day abovementioncd in' the provinces of Ontario and Quebec with peals of artillery, braying of trumpets, thun- dering cheer of the street, military and civic display, and other manifestations of joy. In. Nova Scotia, that country of peculiar institu- tions and set forms, whero confederation is not looked on as such a great blessing, but, on the contrary, as a very great evil, there was quite a different state of affairs. To quote the w ords of a despatch announcing the event : "The holiday of the dominion was a poor affair. The Chronicle and the Recorder carno out this morning in mourning. Half the shops are open. The Scotch and Irish so- cieties refused to go in the procession, and several flags aro at half-mast. The Anti Unionists treat the whole affair with con- tempt. There is great excitement." Th'ero is, however, a party in Nova Scotia in j favour of confederation, and by them the day was celebrated with duo pomp and ceremony,, The members of the Ca- binet were sworn in on the same day atv OttawTa, about fifty miles from the northern border of the state of New York, and on which the Fenians had serious thoughts last summer-in fact, the capture of it from Pres- cott was part of tho plan of operations. The following gentlemen composo tho Cabinet : Messrs. M'Donald, M'Dougall, Blair, Camp- bell, Howland, Cartie, Galt, Saugerin, Chopais,- Kenny, 'Archibald, Tilly, and MitcbiU. Mr. Kenny is a leading merchant of Halifax, ana is the joint nominee of Dr. Tupper and Mr. D'Arcy M'Gco, who have, withdrawn in his favour. The formation of this new Government on our northern boundary line has not given rise to much comment among us. The entire affair created baiely a ripple of excitement. Republicanism is not afraid to run the race with Royalty. Thus Americans feel on tho subject, confi- dent that they shall win in the latter end. Whether the new Government will be able to offer such advantages to its citizens as to prevent their emigration to tho United States remains to be seen. At present, Canada, compared with "this side," does not show to very great advantage. It is said that at least ten thousand able-bodied men an- nually leave its frozen soil and poor remune îation for our ' sunnier skies and higher wages. Sixty thousand Canadians, we aio told, entered the Union armies during the late war, and unless the annual emigration, can be stopped, and part of the stream from the "old country" diverted Canadaward,' it is very manifest that the new dominion will not be a very great success. An article in the New York Tribune sums up the question in so clear a manner, fioin an American stand-point, that I am tempted to quote part of it:-"The establishment of this domi- nion is confessedly in the naturo of an experi- ment in government. It is the first instanco in which England has conceded practical in- dependence to any of her colonies, accepting the old dependency in the new character of ally. It remains to be seen how this novel schem e of government will work. It is certainly large in promise, but the political sky is not altogether unclouded, and the Viceroy has a task before bim which will tax his states- manship in no' ordinary degree. Religious prejudices and animosities are still rife, the Protestant minority of what was Lower Canada looking with jealous oyes upon the ascendancy in that section of the Roman Catholics, and the Roman Catholics of the upper provice entertaining thb same feeling towards the Piotcstant majority there. Then, there is the discontent of the maritime pro- vinces, notably of Nova Scotia, with the now arrangeaient, growing- out of tho apprehen- sion that their commercial interests will bo sacrificed to the aggrandisement of the other provinces. Theio is the fact that the machi- nery of government is not uniform, Ontario having elected to have onlyono Legislativo Chamber, whilo the other three members of the confederation are to havetwoHousesoach. There are also the diverse prejudices of race as to forms of government, the French portion of the population leaning to centralisation of power, while the Anglo-Saxon are notoriously m favour of municipal institutions. There is the danger of conflict between the General Government and the several local Govern- ments, the new Constitution failing to defino clearly the limits within which the functions of the former are to be confined. And lastly, there is the difficulty inherent in the attempt to establish a sort of mock royalty in a com- munity already largely imbued with repub- lican sentiments. In their enthusiasm over the consummation of their hopes, the Confe derationists may possibly overlook these ele- ments of future trouble ; but the practica, statesman cannot be indifferent to them, and Lord Monck doubtless already realises the gTcatness of the task that he has under- taken. It will be interesting to watch how these ulcers aro treated by such state physi- cians as M'Donald, Galt, and M'Gce." Maximilian, the late unfortunate Emperor of Mexico, whoso empire has just died out to give place to a republic, or God knows what who was the subject of so much censure while living, has m his death become the re- cipient of almost unmeasured commendation. That horrible shooting on the eventful morn- ing of June 19,1807, suddenly changed every- thing. Former scoffers at crowned heads conceded that there was something noble in this one, and that a great wrong was done in his execution. People began to see some- thing of the hero in his life, and his death was marked by no pusillanimity except on the part of his murderers. For a long timo we were in doubt as to his fate. Contra- dictory accounts reached us daily, until at length we learned that the story of his death was but too true. Minister Campbell, who was appointed Minister to Mexico, was in New Orleans at the time of his execution, and consequently the United States was not repre- sented. The Government and Mr. Campbell are severely censured on this account, and, as a general thing, the sentiment of the country condemns this act of the Juarez Government, Filibustering expeditions are spoken of, and, according to our despatches, an organisation is already perfected, composed of foreign officers and some native, American ones' calling themselves " Maximilian's Avengers.' We have at tho present time, as may be sup- posed, a largo military element among us, the result of our war, whose hands long to grasp again the sword and tho riflo. Under these circumstances it would not be at all surprising to find an expedition starting for Mexico, not from any love of Maximilian, or a desire to avengo his death, but purely for the sake of plunder. Santa Anna, too, that old veteran of a hundred battles, rests at length from his life-long intrigues, having been shot in Mexico by the Liberals, His death rather surprised people, and many suppose that the real motive of his execution was a desiro to possess his property, which is known to have been not inconsiderable, Some time before starting for Mexico he lived at a small town in tho State of New Jersey, about fifteen miles from New York. Hero he was very popular with the young ladies and in- habitants generally, going out nearly every evening to parties given in his honour. Ho lived in a very unostentatious manner at the house of a friend along with three or four of his immediate confreres and officers. About twelve months ago ho issued an address from this little town to the people of Mexico on the occasion of the proclamation of Maximi- lian as emperor, on account of which, it is alleged, hswas condemned to death a few weeks ago. The old man was perpetually engaged in law suits, and many amusing stories'are told relativo to him in this con- nexion. The trial of John H. Surratt, whose mother was hanged in Washington for complicity in the plot to assossinato President Lincoln, has been going on for the last month, The evi- dence for the prosecution was concluded a few days ago, counsel making out rather a« strong case against the prisoner. It is claimed, and indeed there can bo little doubt of its truth, that the conspirators did not at first intend to kill Mr. Lincoln, and that his murder was determined on as a dernier resort. His abduction was first meditated, and this failing, his murder was decided upon. The defence will endeavour to prove that Surratt was privy only to the abduction business, and had no knowledge whatever of the terrible crime which was committed beforo its perpe- tration. The story of this assassination of Abraham Lincoln reads like a romance, and tho closing chapters rival in interest any of the prece'ding.- The mother already dead, ho "the son, is captured away in the Pope's Bri- gade, brought to .America, and placed on Irial. There was ¡no spot so far distant as to 1)0 beyond the reach of the'arm of justice. Thc^scheme of impeaching President John- son has not yet been abandoned by the ex- treme Badicals. The special committco of the House of Representatives is still engaged in taking evidence, on the subject, which is simply nothing less- than hunting up proof on which to convict the President of the United States of murder. Fortunately for our civi- lisation and Christianity, none has yet been found, and for the honour of tho nation it is to be hoped none will be.' ' - Ecconstruction-T-as the «admission of tho lately rebellious states into their former rela- tions with the Government is termed-still drags ¿ts slow length along.» It is one long determined fight between the President and Congress. Mr. Johnson insists that his policy is '.the only true one ; and Congress, backed by the great mass of " tho loyal people, is equally resolute in ita course Mr. Johnson, has what ho calls a "policy," which ha is determined at all.costs to enforce, and to thwart and ovcrrulo this is the aim of Congrcss._ During tho session of Con- gress last winter and spring, an act called the Military Reconstruction Bill,1 dividing the Southern States. into'militaiy divisions, and appointing military "commanders to govern them, was passed by Congress. Each commander was by its terms entrusted with tho sole direction of affairs in his own department -five in all. General Sheridan was appointed to tho command of the department of tho Gulf, which includes Louisiana and that famous city, New .Orleans-over which tho the.celebrated Ben. Butler ruled in the dark days of civil war. Sheridan, in the exercise of his authority, removed a disloyal governor and other civil officers. This act excited con- siderable attention throughout the'country. Democratic organs severely denounced him, ?while Eadical newspapers were loud in his -praise. Mr. Johnson was by np means pleased, as it ran counter to his " policy." Some wero ?of opinion that Sheridan exceeded the terms of ' his authority, and that the Military Bill gionted him no such powers as he presumed to exercise. A Cabinet Council was held, and the opinion expressed by tho Attorney General that General Sheridan had exceeded his authority. The loyal spirit Of the country was aroused, and Congress, which adjourned to the 3rd July, in case the state of tho country required an immediate session, -was promptly summoned on that day, and met in Washington solely to interpret the Mili tary Reconstruction Bill, and make its terms so plain that Mr. Johnson will make no such mistake in the future. This is the work bo fore the present session of Congress, which will last, probably, three or four weeks longer. An important document was published a few days ago-the muster-rolls of the Con- federate army horn the beginning of 18G2 down to the beginning of 1864. The paper is a valuable addition to the histoiy of tho late war, and gives us some clear idea of the terrible odds against which the Southern people struggled, and the bravery with ?which they fought. It appears that tho greatest numbei at any time on the muster rolls was 650,000, and this only when every male horn seventeen to fifty waa en- rolled in the army. Not more than 300,000 were piesent for duty at any time, and at only tlnee periods for a month did the army number 100,000 men fit forjduty. "When wo recollect that the Northern army had a million of men on its muster-rolls, and out numbei ed them on almost every field, it tells lather badly for the fame of somo of our generals. The cropb all over the country promise an abundant harvest, although the corn crop is expected to be two or three weeks late. Un July 1, Thomas Francis Meagher, tho voung Irelauderof '48, tho convict of Hobart Town, the Brigadier in tho late American war, the Actiug Governor of Montana Ter- ritory, and the feailess commander in our present Indian war, slipped from the deck of a steamboat at Fort Benton, on tho Missouii Kiver, and was drowned. His death is very generally regretted. President Johnson attendcdalargernasonie celebration in Boston a few days ago, and met with an enthusiastic reception at tho hands of his masonic brethren. Our Indian war still goes on, costing, it is said, about one million dollars a week, which will soon be increased to five. The tax-payers of New York are to bo assessed twenty-two millions of dollars to cairy on tho city government for the next twelve months. JULY 11. Despatches received this morning announce that Santa Anna was alive on the 4th inst. The follow big is the latest Fenian news . "The Fenian excitement is reviving in this city, and the authorities of tho brotherhood predict, that within three months Canada's population will be increased by 30,000 men, in green and gold, armed and equipped for a campaign. In the arsenal on Fourth-street there are 15,000 uniforms, and twice that number of rules, with fixed ammunition. rlhe name of the leader that is. to bo has not yet been spoken in public, but hints are thrown out about an officer of high rank in the Federal anny, who has handled large and small bodies of troops skil- fully during the late war ; but a rumour also exists that unless an organised army of 30,000 men, well equipped and officered, is pupared for him, he will not accept the commanding generalship. In the West, and in the New England States, everything is rc poited ready for strife, and Manhattan is only delinquent to the extent of raising her quota of 5,000 men." The despatch íeceived from London, and attributed to the Czar, as to Ireland's grievances, is geneially discredited here. GEEAT FUIE IN PHILADELPHIA. The Philadelphia Inquirer gives the follow- ing account of the destruction of the Ame- rican Theatre in that city : "The fire broke out in the second story, or hay loft of a stable, which is directly con- nected with the theatre, and adjoins, it on Sansom-street, a few doors abovo Eighth. Owing to the combustible nature of the ma- terial here, the llames spread with remark; able rapidity, and soon immense volumes of fire and black smoke issued from the doors and windows facing on Sansom-street. Be- fore the flames could be got under, they com- municated to the rear of the theatre itself, and in a few minutes the dressing-rooms, property-rooms, &c;, situated on the second floor of the rear or performance portion of the theatre, were in a light blaze. By this time, a period of only about fifteen minutes from the beginning of the con- flagration, it was evident that the entire edifice was doomed to destruction. Tho flames spread with fearful effect over the roof of the building, which extended the entire distance from Walnut-street to Sansom-street, and when that portion of the theatre situated in Walnut-street was enveloped in the flames the scene was indescribably grand. The entire neighbourhood, for squares around, was illu- minated, and rendered almost as light as day, and sparks and thick columns of smoko and llame shot upwards to the height of several hundred feet. In less than half an hour after the discovery of the fire the theatre was a total wreck. At the time of tho breaking out of tho fire tho laige ballet troupe connected with the establishment weie engaged in danc- ing the ' Demon dance,' from the ' Black Crook.* Thero wero twenty-five or thirty young girls on the stage, and for a time all knowledge that the rear portion of tho theatre was on firo was kept from them, as well as from tho audience, although tho dif- ferent attachés of the establishment wore aware of the real condition of things. It is claimed, it was thought, that the firo would be extinguished before any intimation of it would reach the performers on tho stage or the audience present, and a panic be pre- vented by adopting this course. While tho dancing was in progress, however, smoke was seen by some of the audience issuing on tho stage irom ono of tbe wings. This smoko continued, and several of the audience com- menced to ictire. The movement soon be- came general, and a moderate rush soon com- menced for the doors. The ballet girls then jumped from the stage into tho parquet, and mixed with tho retiring audionce. Some of them, however, mado futilo ottempts to reach tho dressing-rooms to save their wardrobe. By tho time tho firo had really reached the auditorum, the build- ing was entirely cleared, k.but was soqu entered again by a number of intrepid firemen with hose. They were speedily foi cod to retire, however, owing to the rapid spread of the flames. The most lamentablo story connected with the catastrophe remains to be told. Just before eleven o clock about fifty feet of tho front wall facing on Walnut street, fell in with a tremendous crash, kill- ing nine firemen and wounding fourteen others. The firemen, just preceding the fall- ing of the wall, had been running in and out of the main door of the theatre Without a moment's warning the crash carno, and somo thirty became onveloped in the mass of ruins. rrintcd and published by noon GEOBOK, at Tas Alloua Oflico, Collins-street, Molbouruo, forWldBOV and MACROiHMi proprietors, 