THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH RACES. [From our Melbourne Correspondent. 1 November 30. It is said, and with no doubt much truth, that the Angle-Saxon race require but small provocation to get up a dinner, the pet demon stration at home, and here, whether in the in terior or at the metropolis, no opportunity is mis8ed at getting oat an extra day's racing, so that it is har»lly to be wondered that tht presence of His Royal _ Highness has been seized upon to improvise a meeting, and when the proclivities of the people to this kind of sport is super-added to the attraction of seeing &_Hve prince- with his suite, it is hardly to be wondered that the attendance to-day was beyond anything ever seen before on the FJemington Racecourse. The management, alive to the probability of a large attendance, had made very considerable improvements and extensions, so as to be able to accommodate the expected increase, and it was well indeed that they ? ad done so. The day was beautifully fine, and *.he light rain of yesterday morning had sufficed to freshen the sward into fine racing condition. Long before the announced time for starting the first race therc was a considerable gathering upon the hill ; and as the public offices ;md places of busi ness in Melbourne closed at and about midday, the attendance rapidly increased, until there was. probably not far short of 30,000 pre sent on the ground. His Royal Highness, accompanied by His Excellency and their re spective suites, arrived at the Grand Stand at 12 precisely, and was enthusiastically received, bowing his acknowledgment of the compliment. He appeared highly pleased with the fathering. The Band of the 14th was on the ground, and §layed popular music during the afternoon, 'he racing was very fair ; but the interest in the events of the day Buffered from the eclipsing competition of His Royal High ness's presence, and there were many more enquiries as to which was the Duke than which, was Sydney Tim. The? interest in the Steeplechase was much reJuced by the bringing the event down to the level of a mere hurdle race by the removal of the water jump, making the event a sort of sporting Haiclet without the ghost,' and one cau hardly conceive that His Royal Highnew will go away with a high impression of our ''cross- country ' accomplishments, if the best race of this kind that we can put before him is a mere hurdle race, with an anything bat diflicult log fence and low stone wall thrown in. Otherwise the arrangements were excellent, and that energetic officer of the Club, Mr. Bagot, deserves high commendation for his very credit able executive management of the affair. The ' card' exhibited sport enough, as far as events were concerned, no less than seven races being in the programme. Mr. G. Wntsoa performed, the duties of Starter, and CapU Scott acted as Judge. It is a most creditable feature of the affair that the multitude behaved themselves, and allowed His Royal Highness to enjoy himself without being jhobbed to death. He was, I am happy to say, allowed to go hither and thither, smoke bis cigarette, eat his lunch with a ievt friends, lie. , without being offensively and impertinently subjected to ultra loyalitm or toadying — a, freedom whioh he appeared to fully appre ciate, and looked much £%e brighter and easier for the absence of the restraint which the somewhat embarrassing solici tude and observation to which he nas been subjected has hitherto rendered necessary. The tent, which was fitted up expressly for the royal and vice-regal party, was s very tasteful affair. On the table were a selection of the choicest pelargoniums and fuabsi&s; to be seen in the colony at the present time. They were supplied from the conservatory of Mr. Hngh GLiss under the charge of that gentleman's bead gardener, Mr, Fenruson. At each end of the tent was a flower-stand covdred with the choicest potted flowers in full bloom, also fur nished by the same gentleman. The winea supplied in the tent were expressly selected from the best of Mr. Scott's stock. The first event of the day, which came off with admirable punctuality at 12.15, was the £100 Plate; distance a straight half- mile. For this 14 bones started. Warrior got the lead at starting, but was passed on the poet by Satellite, and the posting was as follows : — Satellite, 8 st. 13 lbs. (Walsh) ? I Warrior, 8 st. 13 lbs. (Stevens) ? 2 Protection, 8st 13 lbs. (J. Bishop) ... 3 Time. 53 sees. It was stated that the Prince held £50 interest in Goyder's sweep over thin race. The Hurdle Race, of 5 so vs., with 150 bovb. added, about three miles, over eight hurdles, brought out the following field:— Yorkshire- man, 10 Bt 7 lbs. ; Valentine, 10 st 4 lbs. ? L*dy Clare, 10 st. 4 lbs. ; Laurel, 10 at 1 1b. ; Surprise, 9st. 12 lbs. ; Sir Walter, 9 st. 12 lbs.; Pyrrhus, 9 st. 7 lbs. ; Messenger, 9 st. 4 lbs. j Bavon, 0 st. 2 lbs. ; Active, 9 st. 2 lbs. : Satellite. 9 st. ; Maid of the Wannou, 8 st 13 lbs. ; Little King, S st. 12 lbs. ; The Count, 8 at. 10 lbs. The fourteen tot away fairly in line, but Satellite and Valentine led nearly together over the first flight. The second hurdles unseated four jocks, the riderless nags keeping the course as though steered by man, Little King actually leading for gome time. The pice throughout the first round was ex cellent. On coming past the Judge's chair the first time the Lady led, Pyrrhus second, Oonnt third. Baron fourth, and Walter fifth. Atthe back of the course Sir Walter's chance was lost by his rider coining to grief at the abattoir hurdles. The race for the remainder was be tween Lady Clare and Pyrrhus, and in spite of hard pushing on the part of Cal'anan, Downs landed the mare a winner by & length. Lady Clare ? ... ... i Pyrrhas ? ? ... 2 Surprise ... ... .'.[ ..'. \', 3 I Tbe Sapling Stakes; * oMftcBap ?* SO savm. with 200 bots. added, 'for two tw-oHs, -H«--^ tanoe, i mOft, brought oaf the foflewfeg oolta „. and fillies :— FeneHa and Itefaaoiioly Jnoqueiv p 8 st 7 lbs. oach; My Dfean», 8 st 2 lbs.; , ioxutn, 8 st; and M. Le Sam, 7 st lOttev Le Bean took a preliminary ran nmnil fha coarse and delayed the start a few wwnwtfSA ; Little Briton go* awav with a alight Issd* . Zottava seeoad. ? *The melancholy party, however, went to' tin front st toe torn, and held Off Head, closely poshed bribe Zouave. FeneHa alsv tried aCbiffney rash when near home* ? hut »MfU not do the trick. MelandloiyJswjnefl (Stanley) ? 1 . Zouave (GdfSn) '?? - ? 2 FsneUa (Davis) ? - ? 3 Time, 1 m. 21 sees. The greatest interest appeared *o- centre ii» the Dake of Edinburgh Stakes, partrf beoMs* - of the beary stakes— 5 ton. each, wft*c 509 soys, added, SO bovb. for the second, and t**e» . third borne to w« his stakes— «nd probably itt many instances from the association, by name, with our royal visitor. The distance was one mile jend a-baff. . For the event 15 came to the start In spite of bis carrying the top weight, Sydney Tim was all over the favorite ; Barwoa ' was also strong in paHic favor. The following were posted as starters :— Tim WMffler (Sydney), 10 st 7 1b. ; Tim Wbiffler (Craig's), 8 st 9 lbs. j Exile, 8 st 4 lbs. ; Cowra, 8 st ; Strop, 7 st. 12 lbs; B&rvron;, 7 st 10 Ibi ; Fireworks, 7 st. 7 lbs. ; Woodman, 7 st 5 lbs. 1 Toryboy, 7 st. 4 lbs. ; GleuCow, 7 st 3 lbs. ; Cedric, 6st 2 lbs. ; Sylvia, 6 st. 12 lbs. ; Queen of Hearts, 6 st 9 lbs. ; TheSwcU, 6st 7 lbs. Lancashire Witch, G st. 4 lbs. After a considerable amount of fiddling at thfr start, the lot got away, Barwotf taking the fro t, Fireworks keeping good coafpmay n» second, the rest sailing round well together Ur the back of the course, where Tim's coxswafcv Driscoll, pi-t on st--ani and announced himself in front Both Exile and Fireworks tried him hard at the bend coming into the straight run ning but by a little suasive force, Driscoll put the Sydney crack a length in front, and in that - oider they arrived at the winning post Sydney Tim (Driscoll) ? 1 Exile (VTateruian) ? 2 Fireworks ( -tan'ey) ? 2 . Toryboy an indifferent fourth. Time, 2 min. 005»*C. The Rt«epieehase,as it was by courtesy styled, followed- -dfstfflWe three miles. For this the following horses' went — Banker, 12 st 3 lbs.; Bftbller, list 71bs.jBando, list; Benicia Boy, 9st 10 lbs. ; Echo SiS.- lOUn. ; Western. 9 st. 7 lbs. ; Firetail, 9st 4U-s\ } Potdon. 9st 4 lbs. ; Biron. 9st 2 lbs. ; GatneTock, 9st ; Black Bess, » st ; Woodman, 9 st Mr. Whitc 'Jiead deetared to wiu with Bondo. The favorit ism of the public before the start was about divided between Banker and Bondo. The water jump, the bete noir of steepleehasing, being re moved, despite tbe extra weight, perhaps Mr. Watson's bone was In favor ; many, however, knowing what old three legs Rnd a stringer Firetail had don-» pinned their faith on him. Western got away wtt2r a strong lead, followed by Firetail close up, the rest within speaking distance'. Firetail for a time got a lead, but could not. keep It. Benicia Boy and Pondon then tried a brirf load. At the outside jumps Banker went through bis1 faorsen, having been previously lying behind ; and on coming round the first time Western led, Banker a clone second. Echo and Babbler third and fourth respectively. _ Black Bcs» and Woodman experienced' a spill at the abattoir hurdles, and with Gamecock were virtually; out of the race in the first tour. Western held' his way round, old Banker apparently 'waiting on him,' and on seeing the happy moment Johnson spoke to his horse, and the laurels, which seemed likely to become the property of Western, again became a reversionary interest Babbler, too, at this late stage made play, and if anything had happened to the two leaders must have taken the sots. As it was, Western in the straight led, and it was all over but holloaing, when Johnson talked whipcord to the Banker, afid erfcV*— Banker (Johnstm) ? 1 Western (Chiffney) ? 2 fiabbler (Bowes) ? 3 Won by a fcettd and neck. Tlv next event on the card was the Galatea Stakes of 10 so vs., with 250 bovb. added. Second horse 50 sovs. ; third ffofcse to save his stakes. Two miles. Seven started— - Tim Whiffler, 9 st 9 lbs. ; Cowra, 9 st. 4 lbs. j Glenooe, 6 st 10 lbs. ; Fireworks, 6 st 10 lbs. ; Queen of Heart*, 6st 5 lbs. ; Tbe Fly, 6 st 5 lbs. ; Sylvia, 6st 5 lbs. The two first being S years, and the rest 3 years old. At the start Fireworks took the lead and maintained it throughout, The Fly and Tim Whiffier accom panying her closely. At the riverside of the course Tim Whiffier, who was pulling to tbe front, xan against a post, and though he gamely struggled on, he was evidently hors dc combat as to winning after the shock he had received. Glencoe and Fireworks at the turn raced for first place; Firework*, however, left half a dozen lengths between them, and the result stood— Fireworks (Stanley) ? 1 Glenooe (Bennet) ? 2 The Fly ? _ ... ... 3 Time, 3 min. 43 sees. The concluding race was the Railway Stakes of 5 sovs. each, with 150 sovs. added. If entered to be sold for 200 sovs., 7 lbs allowed ; if for 100 sovs. 14 lbs. Rip Van Winkle came in first, an easy winner ; L. L. second ; and the Victorian Tim Whiffler third. This was a good race. The Duke of Edinburgh remained until the finish, and was loudly cheered on leaving the Course. The Duke expressed bis great ad miration of our Racecourse, and said it only wanted foliage to surpass anything in the old country. 