CHURCH MISSIONARY SOCIETY OF THE'piOGESE OF,, MELBOURNE, The annual meeting of this society was held on Tuesday evening, in St. George's-hall but, owing probably to the unfavour- able state of the weather, there was but a \- small attendance. The Right Rev. the Bishop ,»--.1- of Melbourne (Dr. Perry) presided and there were also present on the platform the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, the Ven. the Archdeacon of Castlemaine, the Chief Justice, and others of the clergy and laity. The proceedings having been opened with prayer, > Tjxe BISHOP addressed the meeting, re grettingthat a larger number were not > present. Having addressed another assembly that day at length, it was not > his intention to make a long speech now. That evening had been selected for > the annual meeting, because at this time there were a great many clergy- men > present in Melbourne from different parts of the diocese. He thought, too, > there -j' would have been a considerable number of the last-elected lay representatives in the Church Assembly. He was, however, glad to see a large proportion, of his clergymen present, and he trusted they would endeavour to impress upon their people there village of taking a part in carrying out the Lord's command, -'..' by supporting missions for the preaching of the gospel to the heathen amongst them. a He reminded them of the command, "Go 2, you and make disciples of all nations, bap- tising them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" The society was now very much at a standstill in respect to that work which seemed to be the peculiar duty of this a society. There was one young man still '. <, *", employed among the Chinese, and the board 3 encouraged the hope that he would not be turned from this work. They had been dis- appointed in their expectation of receiving a missionary specially looked for from China ; but they had other hopes of obtaining the aid of another, a younger man, for this important mission. The duty of preaching the gospel to the Chinese was a peculiar work laid upon the society. The aboriginal mission had been taken out of their hands by another com i mittee in connexion with the church. Not only the society, but all members of church congregations should take upon themselves their part in the evangelisation of the heathen and it would be a grievous thing for them if they did not take the opportunity afforded them of making known the knowledge of God to the Chinese. The bishop \- then referred to the suggestions which had been made in reference to making use of the converts made from heathen people. After stating to what extent such aid had been employed or declined, he remarked that he was informed that several converts employed, by other bodies had been actually converted-- by the Church missions. The bishop then referred to the mission in the Western Pacific (under Bishop Patteson), which had a deep interest for them in Victoria, as a church closely connected with theirs. He then called upon the hon. secretary to read the report which had been prepared. The Assistant Hon. Secretary, the Rev. ROWLAND HAYWARD, then read the report, of which the following are the principal features : , "In presenting their twelfth annual report, the board of the Church Missionary Society of the Diocese of Melbourne, regret to state that notwithstanding, by God's blessing, the interest in this society has not flagged, nor its work been neglected, yet by an unforeseen circumstance, over which they had no control, but little mission work has actually been accomplished. The circumstance to which we allude is the failure, after much correspondence with Mr. Venn, the secretary to the Church Missionary Society, to secure a clergyman for the Chinese mission. The clergyman whom we hoped to have received as our missionary has accepted a chaplaincy in China, offered him by the Bishop of London. The Chinese mission is, we need hardly say, the chief mission of this society ; so that until we obtain a clergy- man for this mission, little of the most important work could be done. In the mean- time, however, we have not been idle. Mr. Davis has been appointed as catechist to the Chinese, and is now labouring among them in the neighbourhood of Tarnagulla, living with them in their camp, and pursuing his study of their language. With respect to the Moonee residing at Maryborough, to whom ' allusion was made in our last report, the board are most thankful to say that they have received most satisfactory letters from the Rev. David Brennan respecting them. (Letters referred to.) With particular pleasure the board beg to refer to the now well-known Melanesian mission under Bishop Patteson. The per- sonals visit paid by the bishop to our shores and his zealous labours amongst us in aid of his mission have left behind them, we trust, especially in our Sunday Schools, an interest and sympathy in his work which we hope to see go on increasing. From its comparative nearness to our shores, this mission has peculiar claims upon the church in Australia, and the board would most gladly regard Bishop Patteson in the happy relation in which he placed himself towards us, of our own missionary bishop. (Extracts from the printed accounts of Bishop Patteson were here read.) Although this board from time to time receive subscriptions for the mission to the aborigines, we would beg to refer for all information concerning it to the report of the society by whom that mission is wholly conducted. The board would recognise with thankful- ness that, being assisted by the society of Sydney, that society has instituted in the midst of much discouragement a new mission to the poor aborigines in the North. In accordance with rule 3, the office of patron of this society has been offered to His Excellency the Governor, who has kindly signified his willingness to accept it The Church Assembly, in its last session but one, made a suggestion that the two missionary societies of the church of Victoria should be amalgamated, so as to form but one mission. Sub- committees were accordingly appointed by the committees of both societies to confer on the subject ; but, after due deliberation and much inquiry, it was thought that, while cordially co-operating in their Master's service, the work of each society might be better carried on, and most effectually, without merg- ing the executive of either in one general board. _ Although not strictly coming under this society's province, the board cannot but allude to the baptism of a Chinese merchant, named Ah Ying, in July last, at St Luke's Church. From Mr. Ah Young's influence upon his countrymen, there is good reason to hope that he may prove a most useful coadjutor to any Chinese missionary whom we may obtain. It may not be uninteresting to and that Mr. Ah Wing's conversion to Christianity was, under God, mainly brought about by the pious endeavours of a Christian lady. The same lady is now giving instruction to a friend of Mr. Ah Wing's who is also an inquirer into the truths of our holy religion. It might be unfair to name any particular school, but as an example of what may be done by even children in aid of missions, we would point to the return from Sunday schools ; notwithstanding that one school challenges particular remark, it might be unfair to point to one more than another who have especially interested themselves in the Melanesian mission and missions to the aborigines. The committee feel that their report would be very incomplete if no allusion were made by them to the great parent mission societies of England, to whose instrumentality, under God, is due in great measure the planting and sustain- ing the Church, not only in heathen lands, but in many of the now flourishing colonies of the empire. No report has reached them as" of the venerable Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, but your committee would refer with thankfulness and pleasure to the increased prosperity of the Church Missionary ; ' Society, while the consecration of missionary , ,-. bishops seems to open a new door of hope, and to promise to the Church at length the establishments of her missions upon a more apostolic and lasting basis. In conclusion, I . - the board cannot but urge upon the Church on this diocese the claims of its own missionary ' society. With a remnant of the aborigines still . left to us, and many thousands of the heathen -. 1 inhabitants of China dwelling in our midst, * x and coming and going, we possess immense advantages for good, which God surely has " not given us for nought. May He who has given us this opportunity put it into the hearts of the people to use it according to His will, who will have all men to be saved, and to come to the knowledge of the truth. Show Thy servants Thy work, O Lord ! and .. their children Thy glory V I ,, The hon. treasurer, Mr. JAMES MOORE, ,':' read the following statement of accounts ; i: : Contributions in 1866-General fund .:, £162 3s. 3d. ; Melanesian mission, £18s 3d. s 4th ;- Chinese mission. £13 9s. 3d. ; aboriginal mission, £10 18s. 9d. ; Church Missionary , . ... Society (England), £3 4s. 4d. ; Society for the Promotion of Christianity among the Jews, th There was also a balance' from 1863 on each of these items, amounting altogether to £103 11s. The disbursements in 1866 had been-General fund. £14-1 18s. 9d. ; Melani sian mission, £102 6s. Cr ; Chinese prison, 4s. aboriginal missionary 184 19s 7d. ; Church Missionary Society. (England), £3 2s. 6d. ; Society Conversion of Jews £80s. ; Total receipts and. balance, brought over, £48510s. Id. ; total disbursements, £276 10s. 4d. ; balance remaining, £203 10s. 8d., of which latter sum £116 had to be remitted to the Melanesian mission, on which account it had been received. The Very Rev. the DEAN of MELBOURNE addressed the meeting at some length, giving an interesting account of the progress of Church missions in all parts of the world where the Church of England Missionary Society was labouring. He moved the adoption of the following resolution : " That the report now read be adopted, and that the following gentlemen be the committee of the society for the present year, viz. Messrs. T. T. A'Beckett, A. G. Dumas, H. C. Evans, E. Exon, H. Jennings, E. Bard- well, J. D. Loch, J. Moore, H. S. Shaw, J. Spowers, and J. C. Walker that Mr. James Moore be the hon. treasurer and the Rev. R. B. Dickinson, and - Hayward, lion. The Hon. T. T. A'Beckett. M.L.C., seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. H. H. P. HANDFIELD addressed the meeting at some length on the comparative failure of the missions. His object in introducing the subject was not to dwell upon partial disappointments, nor was he prepared toadmitthat the missions had not done a great deal of good. He rather wished to induce earnest and patient inquiry into the best means of improving the missionary work they had undertaken. Sir W. STAWELL moved the next resolution, and spoke to the general question of the vital importance and urgent duty of making Christian efforts in support of missionary enterprise. His Honour moved as follows :-" That the Right Rev. the Bishop be respectfully requested to issue a pastoral letter, recommending that an annual collection be made in all churches within his diocese, on the first Sunday after the Epiphany, in aid of the missions of the church." The Ven. the ARCHDEACON of CASTLEMAINE seconded the resolution, and related some recollections of his eight years' knowledge of the habits of the Chinese population in his district, their low moral state, and the duty of Christians to preach the gospel to them. He urged the following the missionary system of policy pursued by Bishop Patteson. The Archdeacon also mentioned some encouraging i instances of Chinese in his locality embracing j and holding: to Christianity, having, after baptism, married European women. He also related some other instances of Chinamen becoming first acquainted with the truths of Christianity through their having imparted to them some teaching in the English language. He therefore urged the establish- t ment of schools to teach our language in their encampments. The resolution was carried unanimously and the bishop at once announced his intention of complying with the request. A collection was then made in the rooms and after the doxology had been sung, the bishop gave his benediction, and the meeting separated at a quarter to eleven o'clock. 