CHAPTER XLIII. DANIEL HAMMER DOES IIIS DÜSINBJ3. Doney WOB soon able to go about thobooao, though ?be wa ked lame, ond made, as »ho said, a prent fust about stirring. She vas very watchful of Amber, and endeavoured to keep her constantly in sight. Ono day she climbed up into tba loft for the first time since ber latnonets. b'ue lound many things that needed attention ap there, and stayed longer than she intended, but os she hid left Amber busy iu the kitchen, she apprehended no trouble for her. At that s »mo time a man had taken a boat at Mo Konhatesuo Point, and was rowing across to Duok Island. He evidently understood managing a boat as well as St. Cyr, or Denny herself ; ho bod strong, Tiirorour arms, too, it would seem, for when he was a little distance from the shore he bent over his oar», and sent the little craft darting over tho waves like n seagull. Ho went straight to the wharf, as if be had been them before. Here he left the boat and went to lb* house. " Now, if that creature ¡BB't here, I shall get along well enough," be said to himself as he approached thc door. A glance thronirb the window revealed Amber alone, and the man, looking relieved, goally tapped at tho door. Anther straightway opened the door, and saw stand. >ng there a portly looking man in a sait of black, with a lingo white neckcloth enveloping his neok and the lower part of bis chin. Ha second to he an elderly man, for bis hair was quite grey, and he woro glasse, bat they were «reen glasses, instead of ordinary spec- tacles, A wide-brimmed bat shaded a pious looking face. Altogether, bo sesmed to be quite a good, re- spectable man. Bho invited bim in and offered bim a eeat. She did r ot observe the sweeping glance he cast about tho room, and that he took pains to sit with his back towards the wood bolo under the oven, mid in- stinctively avoided locking that way. He had heard, probaMy, of the terrible evidence against her father that was found io that place, and being very kind and compassionate, would not tecali the pailful cirenm oumstonoe to' her mind by paying the le>st attention to the place. Few people would have been so deli- cately considerate. His voice was quite low and gentle as he said, looking in tho sadly beautiful face of tho girl : " Yon are, I suppose, the daughter of Andrew St. Amber started, gave him a quick, searching glance, ber face paling suddenly, and 'bo bands ou ber lap siosping eaoh o ber closely os she answered : " Yes '. She wanted io say moro, but could not just then. He saw tho eager question in her eyes and answered : " I have brought a meBsago from him to you." "From my father?" tho large ejes growing largor and the white face whiter still. "Yea : ho wanta ti see you." "Where?" " In Saddam gaol," he answered, feeling that he tnn.it bo very prncticol nirh this girl, If he wanted to secure ber attealion, and make ber understand him at «,11. *' In Haddam gaol," she repeated slowly, staring as 1 iifahe tlionght him be'eft of bin senses. " Yee," »aid he, divining, with a quick intuition, the state of tho ense. " Ves; lie was not dr»wned thal night, but weut ashoro and was recaptured, mid is now in Haddam gaol, and wants to eeo you et once." " Oh 1" she breathed, a swift liuht dawning in her oyuî, and flashing her face with a touching radiance. " He ia allvo-he wants me-1 ara ready." Shu had risen from her Beat and waa going towards the door, cager to statt. " Wait," Bnid tho man, arresting hor with his voioe. " You muht dress warmly; it is quito cold, and you will not'. 'Tue hnck till to-morrow. ' Oh, íes. Where ia my cloak t and there's some- thing 1 want to corry biro, too." She went hurriedly into ber room, and began prépa- rai ions for her lourney. Meanwhilo Denoy,' hearing voices, carno lo tho top of tho ladder, <>n(l seeing n man thorp, descended as fast as brr lame foot would let herdawn, ' The man sat with his back towards her, but ha 'heard her coming, and with ii quick movement pulled phil nccltcl dh and pulled du«n bia hat, his mouth, lon, took a sudden wry twist, which seemed likely to be permettent. Darcy came down, stared st tho man, walked aronnd ?bim two rr three times, trying t) learoll his íaoo with ¿he ie quick eye« of her«. ? j* What's your business here ?'' she asked grufllv, seeing that tba maD.did not teem inclined to speak .first.. ...... ... , .¡ » Madura, I come with a message from the unhappy St. Cyr to 1 MB daughter," answered tbs man with due dignity. : " You did, did yon ? Well, what does he want with her?" " To see her ato*:er," " And you've told the girl, have yon ?" "Yes.", " Well, she won't go ; you may set yonr heart at rest about that." Deney hobbled off to Amber B room. Amber was dressing, and did not look up, being so full of thought. " Wh.it are yon about, child ?" " Oh, Denny I" she exclaimed, " father's alive, and he's sent for mo." "Well, what of that? 1 supposa you know that yon ain't going off with this strange man ?" " Why, Denoy ?" said Amber, looking up sur- prised. " Because," continued Donoy, " it wouldn't be nt all prudent or proper. He may be an old rascal lor what yon know. Yon have uo right to go off alone with him." " Doney," Baie! Amber, pausing in her work a mo- ment, and lookingfully in her lace, "ult that I kr.ow is that my father liassent for rae, and I shall gi." Dency understood the look in tho girl's eye, and sh o knew that it would ba worro than useless to sty another word, and she hobbled to the kitchen as much disconcerted as an old hen with a hank in sight, " What's your name?" Bho demanded of the man Bitting sn meekly there. ' Daniel Hammer," he answered promptly. " Daniel Hammer- and you're a minister I s'pose.'' " Yes, that is my humble calling." " Humph ! Who >-ent you here ?" "Andrew St. Cyr." " Well, of course, he sont for me too." "No ; I had express orders from the gaoler to bring only thedaughtor.' "What it you did ? You can take me along just the same." 1 " No; I shall tace no one but the daughter," There was something in that hard, positive tone-that thrilled Oenoy like a sudden ghost-like memory of the past. She looked up quickly, " You won't? hey!" "No." Donoy moved a little out of the man's sight, and what a change came over that strange face. Every fibre in her body, overy faonlty in ber soul, waa apron- ing this man through. Her dark face grew white and eager. She was bitterly devouring this mun with her eyes, and he knew it, it would seem, from the deter- mined resistance with which he eh ut that moith, for- getting for an instant the wry twist at the corner. She taw it, «nd a look of swift intelligence fished ont of those eyes. She stepped quietly a little back of him, but still so that sba could see his face. "John," she said ia a low, quick tone, never moving her eyes from his face. Not a muscio of the roan stirred, if we except a sodden clenching of the left hand tlut hung at his side, and which Dency did not see. The white, questioning look in Dency's face began ts fade into an agony of doubt. Was she mistaken again ? Amber suddenly opened the door, plosked and hooded for the journey. Tbc mnn roso from hes s-at, as if glad to change his position and escape tboso eyes. The wry twist was back in hi» mouth again. "If you are ready, we'll go at once," he said to Amber, " for wo bave no time to waste.." " Yes," answered Auber, going to- the- door. She forgot to say gooi-bye to Denoy ; she was- thinking only of her father now. .The man followed her, and they went quickly down to the wharf and entered tbe boat. They were not long in leaving the island The man worked as if every oar's stroke that separated bim from that place was an unspeakable relief. Denny stood looking after them. " I'd give all tbe world to know if-" ibo Bald, and then abe stopped. She looked uround the- room a moment, and suddenly seemed to decide what bo- do. She climbed up-io to the loft again. Presently thora came down what was apparently a rougb-lcohing sailor, in a complete Bait ot tarpaulin, and »hom, but for that painful Ump, you would never hove inspected of hoing Dency, lt was she, however. She went to the cupboard and poshed up quite a quantity of brew! and batter and cold beef imo as small compass as possible, and- stored it away in those capa- cious pockets. Then she poured wa'cr and ashes on the fire till it was quit»- extinguished; and fastening tho houfo, went down tc- the wharf, and puBbed off ia the boat moored there. By the time Amber and her enoort reached the oppoBite choro, Doney wa» just leavingHhe island. Daniel Hammer had st horse and waggon waiting for : bim by the roadside, np across from Bushy Point. Dency got a horse from an old farmer she know on the Clinton road, and followed DB, keeping in sight of the waggon jogging on ahead.. Neither Amber nor her eroorfc had much to say to eaohjothe-. He seemed v«ry thoughtful, casting frequent glances over his Ehoalder at the solitary horseman in Ibo distance. AB for Amber, ese eat very quiet,, holdiag in her bands her mother's Bible. Bat, feen ita leaves was a tress of light brown hair that was cut from her mother's heud, and beside it a tiny curl of tbo palest gold, from tho head of that baby brother who was buried in ita mother's arms. This liible she was- carrying to her falbor,.and she had no thought for any one but him. now. (20 DE COSTIlfOKD.) 