TOPICS OF THE DAY. At the meeting of die Executive Council, on Tuesday. Jane 25, Mr. Justice Boothby attended and read two protests, which he handed in. He asked for an adjournment. which was refused, but he was informed that reasonable time would be allowed him to prepare his defrnce. His Honor retired, and tbe en quiry proceeded. Mr. Stow, Q-C.Jand the Crown were examined on the charges. Mr. Pelham proved|eopies of judgments, a letter from His Honor to the President of the Ex ecutive Council, and other documents. The Private Secretary proved certain correspondence and other documentary evidence. Mr. O. K. Bkhardson produced evidence that His Honor, on tbe 30th January, 1857, applied for the appointment of Acting Chief Justice, which he received on the sth February following, under the a«?f Qe now impugns. ~yne Andltor-Gesjeral , showed by the public accounts that His Honor received the increased salary attaching to the office. His Honor's signatote as Acting Chief Justice was exhibited and. identified. The OnoncO did not rise till about S o'clock, having adjourned till to-day, at 11a.m. We stated yesterday morning, that Mr. Justice Boothby had made application for copies of certain dnspntrhn* from the Home Govern ment, bearing on his ease, and that they had in the course of the day been forwarded to His Honor. We benere the despatches contain nothing of much importance as bearing on the question, beyond what the public have long ago been substantially informed of through our columns, namely, that advices had bean re ceived to the effect that the documents sent borne by the Government, with reference to Me Justice Boothby, had been forwarded by the Imperial authorities to the Judicial Committee of Privy Council, and that the South Aus tralian Government, having declined to appsint counsel at their expense to argue the case before the Judicial Committee, were left by the Home Government to tbe responaimlity of adapting whatever course they thought fit, as they de clined to comply with the request sent out. If the despatches now given to His Honor contain nothing further than this, they contain nothing of which the public are not already aware. We are informed by the Mayor of GJendg that the Chief Secretary (in conse quence of being at present so much occupied in Executive Council) wOllbe unable, for a few days, to receive the deputation about the Military road, toe. The St. Francis Xaviar'e Hall bazaar anas continued on Tuesday, June 25, when the Ball was tbe scene of much activity. There ■till remain amuiber of thjagsjon hand, an€ the fancy articles which remain unsold will be sold jy section to-night, which is the last night of The wrestiuig matches at the Royal 9otel, Moonta, ended on Monday evening. The ■esther was glorious, and a huge crowd aasem iled. The playing is said to have been very jood, and the following were the winner* -.— Jamoel Stevens, first prize; James James, lecond da ; Joseph Lidduote, third do. There are now lying on a table at the Exchange several specimens of mixed cobalt md copper from theOartarpo Mine, one block neighing 82A lbs. Then there ii a ■mJUa- piece, md a specimen of thealag. An assay of Mr. Wm. By gives-Metallic cobalt, 3216 ; capper, !7-20; manganese, 00«4 s 100. The follow, og estimate of the value per ton of the mixed netal as per sample above mentioned, has been umished to us:—"Metalliccobalt, 704 om. at [os. = £352; copper, 474 lbs. at £80 per ton, =£52; making £404. The latest quoted wfaole ale price of the oxide of cobalt is lfis. per ft. n the future smelting*, the two metals will be note nearly equal in percentage, as practice has bown that one-half the quantity of copper litherto used is sufficient to flux the cobalt sre." ITe should mention that advices by the last nail fixed cobalt at a very much lower price ban 16a. We bare been shown a collection of capital photograph, by Mr. N. J. Cure, indnd iaeone of the Stow Manorial Church, oac of • liner ghost scene, and several taken from ■one pencil drawings, by Mr. Adu G. BalL The drawings are we? worth wring Oaeupre <aU the return of natives from the rtiMn, aad ■* extremely we? executed ; the native wita the kangaroo on Lit shoulders ; thelobra approach ing with firewood; the cM man at the loot of a gtuntree getting op the fire; and the pleased countenance* of all, are very natural. The •badiaga* good, the aesnery truly Aaatrabaa, and all the detail* that fill op the piet?re show care, knowledge, and skaL Another drawing shows a couple «f aborigines with their spears, •tsndingooarocklook^Wrthe krwlandi? search apparently of game, or the wUtef eQowV cattle. Both these drawing* show that the artist has studied from nature, and thoroughly ondeotaa&hiss;?bjeet. The usual qaaxttaty soiree in connec tion with the Sooth Australia* Insttate took place in the Town HaO, on Tuesday enaunr, JneeS. Tte attendance was very lane, the hall being nearly filled. Mr. Join Howard CSark presided, and in initiating the proccedsm. remarked Oat as it was customary ob neb oficaimina, he woold aay a few word*. Daring the last quarter the anno*] examination of the books belongiag to the library had been made, and in consequence be was enabled toby hcfoic them one or two statistics. The iiiisjlm iof volumes at the present time was UjHt, show ing an increase of L.lOO since the previous <ra urination. He felt confident that all the friends of the Institute woold he psliiiil at the increase in value and naefulnem of the library. Within the last 12 months as many aa 90,000 tames had been made. Those facts he considered were conclusive evidence of the growing necessity to enlarge their bundmg. and be trusted that n the s|i|wsihiiu session of Parliament, ? aaftiift smmmt would be jptaead npon the Fatimatw for the purpose. They wanted not only more accommo dation for the Library, bat they needed a. larger Reading-room, the one at present in use bang very inconvenient, on account of its am ilhn ■> They alao wanted more room for the U-~w. and that he considered the moat important of all their wants. The prograaune that evening consisted of an entertainment by ifr. mian. George Case, whose abilities required no com ment .from him, and a lecture by Mr. Flood. Without occupying their time further, he would ask Mr. and Mr*. Case to commence. The talented artistes alladed to then gave an abridg ment of "The fdst Party." The «*.~fr~. selected were Sprouts, Mis. Major Buster, John Mangles, Trabbiea. and Miss Polypheona Scrog gin*. As these impersonations have been pre viously described, and the various excellencies "rrt"-I"*TrTitiTmi«|-t fmtti. if ii irnnrrrsnrr tn aay anything beyond that they were all well snmtamnq, and that laughter aad merriment prevailed during the whole of the time Mr. and Mrs. Caae engaged the attention of the audience. Mr. W. H. Flood next delivered a lecture on "B*ariuiswees and Sketches of Sea life." After making «aM infatory remarks, he proceeded to allude to the great improve ments wtdeh had of late yean been effected In navigation, and then dilated upon the couraecvos ness of the British saflor. He narraUd in teresOag mcadenta in but life when a midship man, aad having alluded to the privations en dared by seamen, he referred to the fact Oat tLegieater portion of the Bailors employed by England at the present time were foreigners, which he did not think would he ultimately found conducive to the country* welfare, in omrinsio?, he read a very north- provoking sketch of sea life. Mo. Case bavin* again en tertained the amwmMsee by her splendid au^im; and capital acting, aad Mr. Case fey his ??rrfbwt instrumentation, the prcgnasme was brought to a termination afaortty before U o'clock by the National Anthem bemg sang. On the motion of Mr. N. Birth, M.P.,a vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer aad Mr. and Mrs. Case, after which the meeting oamaned. Mr. Charles Young* benefit, on Tues day evening, Jane 25, at the Victoria, was a great anceem in every respect. The house was well filkd, and the performances were received with enthusiasts aimfastwu. The fiat piece played, was "Dido,* aissgnifmsil burieeqae, in which Mr. Young tost the leadiscchancter, aad aa Dido kept the audience ia ahowta of langhtet. None of the humor of the tmrhmju* was lost, and the local hita introduced ware ?oy wu^^eswsuiw oevcxat cwaw cuasic aonsa were BBtndseed, and sewaraeiwitia vocifecoua cheering. The parody on "Shelie of the Ocean"|was a gem, and received an i—m. with which Mr. Y«mg rnamiUtai. Anna was well represented by Mrs. Jackson, while farm found an amusing icdraaeafcative in Him Amot. Mr. Stuart OBnen as larbas waa vary good, aad the other parts were weD aamtemed. A good burlesque cannot be deaoribed, it re quires to be seen, aad those who saw "Dido," as it was played on Tuesday njgnt, would be very apt to see it again. Cor it is the best thing m the eamie line we have h«d this season. The coasedyaf "The Marquis aad the Cottier" followed. This was one of the earnest pieees put on the stage this season by the pre sent company, aad was than nptunnaly received, some of the passages «—-t^c the memories of the audience for d?ys •ftf*- ft mMtt*m? ninijiin£ by n|W lilana. y?^ was aeaia productive of the moat sJaanasgh/ ■JdnapHttiag eafaeta. The sane* were chosen with great judgment, aipeealiarly suited to the benefit night of an exquisite aad fn ■rla—.e diaiL Atthedoieof thelastpkce Mr. Tooax waseaHed before the cortain, aad greeted witt tremendous cheering, and on quiet being re atored, responded in antafale terms, aad thank ing the audience Cor then- support, bid them farewell. The pieces for thisevapag arc "The Bhwi Doctor,-aad "The Sent Woman." Tbe second of Dr. Carr's Cnewcll aeaaeea took puce at Whitest Booms oa Tuesday wrasse. The atteadaaee, so doubt, owing to a^coonterattraftinnschttwaere, was not very lane, Mr. F. C Siagaataa inm?i? The highly sno?afu] and caasedmitcliaaKStet. A omober of songs were sung by amend of tha ■nbifcta whDe under the mramnif iwuamrf in capital styk, and were loudly applauded. Fre vioastottiedaaeof the perCarmaaae DcOarr .?n«niy^l Hat on Thursday next he would lecture on " Spirit-rapping, kc." a subjwt which be aaid he had studied for 10 or 11 years, and be had been amongst aome of the greatest professors of the art daring that time. He also announced that his three last aeaaees waald be at unDion prices, sens to give all daases am op portun% of aeeing and hearing ham, and that the eatertai?ment on behalf of MoL?anlay and family would take place on Monday i naiiifc He said be bad no doubt that Mr. Ctarkasa, who had engaged the room for next week, wosJd give it qt for that night when be ksew the object for which it was to be awed. On Monday evening, June 24, an enter tainment was given by the OiMsinV Assafeur Chcntja, at *he Oddfellows' Hall, Hreamarsh, in aid of AD Saints 1 Chuch. The attendance wasverylane. Tfaefirrtjart i nnsialidofaonga and glees, which were wefl rendered. Aftar a Bbort interval, dm beantiful chorus "Got Hem the PiT?ce of Wafcs" was given with fiaeefEect- Aleetnre by thettev. Osnon Itnmnil fs?owed. Subject—"Pickwick Papers." The rev.gcsrtk man created a deal of merriment by the amnaiog manner i> which he related the adveatarea of Mr. r >iekwick,and waslsodb/aiirasadedon re suming his aeat. "The Hiiiilsmss? Chorus" broaght the first part of the eatertain meat to a dose. After an interval of 10 minute* our sable friends again ap peared, and from this time aatil the dose of (he perfomMnee the annimrc, werecanvulaed withkughter- fbat came the "RrjtOnes," wbkfa was ramwnii, aad deservedly so, seeing that it was well dannwi, aad the groteaqns ap pearance which each one poasemed. Thai was bOowedbytheao?g "la the Bam," whica was also eaoored. Then came the "Masquerade Waltz." Utfan niece we observed one or two had donned the female attire, aad looked ex ceedingly well. It was very aaamaag, aad was redemaaded. As the hoar was aaw gating advanced the other piece* were brought on ia qtnek succession. "Hop l^fct Loo," -~* •Walk in Joe" were both eocored, but in con aequfiwie of the lateness only one was roagundtd to. The next piece was the "Japanese Baad," which we tho?gfat was the moat aaraamg of the wbole performance. It was iwuuiuoud of a number of indiviaaals dreand ia the style of our Onaese frienda, and paying iisil maw ills, the construction of which are beyoed our powers of description ; safiee toasjr that theyeMsed roan of laughter, and the pieee was up roariously wdamandfJ The whole was bnmght to a dose by aa original bnr leaque on the aiiilltinnii who is bow creating saeh a aensatioain Adelaide by his pnrenologiriT and mesmeric performances. The chair was ably taken by a wen-kaownGoverame?t ofiriil. The heads of aeveral of om| leading sa?tidaas were very carefully sketched on the darts winch were exhibited by the genflemtn who ao abty performed the parts of phrendogist aad mea ■Mriat. He ruDy ddineatedAeir different bumps to the apparent sarwfwvaMi of the audience, who were lavish in their appuaae. Several subjects were brought under the mes meric influence, and created no end of fuaby their actions, especially a very obsUmienias old lady who, for some time, withstood aO U.e powers of the mesmerist to nuMae her, but finally succumbed. Taking the entertainment altogether, it was the most auimasfiil oae ever given at Hindaursh, and axnst have proved very satisfactory in a pecuniary point of view. We mention that the ceatasmen asAateais who performed at Hindmarsb aie not the aame ac those who have been so sooaMfuny perform ing in the city. The following was on* of the conundrums, which we think worthy of re port:—"Why am Messrs. Bight, Vooda, and Hamiltonde mostchiwuiistdoctors mdeafty* \--Beanae dey gave Mr. Fair an emetic of English Brown atone, aad made him frow ap de post-otnee." «T We are requested by Mr. Charles TSde maan to call special attention to This Day a Aaetion Safe of Household Fumitare, atoek-in. Trade of a Bootmaker aad Storekeeper, Car. penter's Bench, kc, under a fatD of sale aad exe cution from the Court, which will take place at his Saleroom at 11 o'clock. For p*lifTilsni em advertisement. 