THE CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD. (From the Her cantile Chronicle, August 24 J \ The Central Pacific Railroad Company has about a hundred miles now built eastward from Sacramento and fifty more chiefly graded, which will be increased to a total of over two hundred by the close of the year. This will leave but a thousand miles interven- ing between the two oceans inspanned by the rail, and this gap, it is thought, can be closed in 1870. The main stem of the Pacific Railroad is committed to the care of two distinct and powerful companies, who are building from opposite ends toward a meet- ing point in the centre. The Act of Congress gives authority to each to push onward until met by the other, when a junction must be formed so that the two can be operated as one road. The Government granted a loan of its credit to be issued as the road was built, and in proportion to its difficulty of construction. By the original Act of Congress to aid the construction of the Pacific Railroad (July, 1862) the advances of the Government were made a first lien upon the road, its property, &e.; and it was provided that the several companies embraced in this Act should transport the government mails, messages, troops, supplies, c, at their regular rates, half the compensation to be paid in cash, and the balance applied to the liquidation of their indebtedness to the Government, until the whole line should be completed, when 6 per cent. of their net earnings should also be so applied, until the whole amount should be repaid. It became evident, however, that the best interests of the country and of the Government required the earliest practicable completion of the great enterprise and as a further inducement to private capital, Congress in July, 1864, amended the general law, so as to waive the prior lien of the Government upon the roads in favour of such claims as private capitalists and in- vestors might RESume. In other words, the companies building the National Pacific Railroad were authorised to issue their first mortgage bonds on their respective railroads and telegraph lines to an amount not exceeding the amount of the bonds of the United States," granted for the same purpose and it was provided that "the lien of the United States bonds shall be subordinate to that of the bonds of the said companies." The Government by this amend ment'Buirendered its own prior lien and substituted in its place that of the first mortgage bondholders-, being satisfied to look for the repayment of its own advances mainly to the services of the road, and a small percentage of the future traffic extending over a long series of years, on the conditions prescribed by the original Act. The Government aid on the western portion is greater in proportion to the distance to be built than on the eastern division, being 48,000 dollars per mile for 150 miles west of the California boundary, and 32,000 dollars per mile east of it. The cost of the 100 miles now built was about 18,000,000 dollars, which, however, includes a very liberal equipment, and embraces the only difficult section of the road. 'Through . Nevada the line follows the course of the Humboldt river, and thence passes to the north of Salt Lake to Weber River. This portion of the route has all been carefully surveyed, and the line found to be very favourable has been adopted by the company. As the western link will be out of its mountainous tract about the time that the eastern link is entering the ordeal of the Rocky Mountain range, there is little doubt that the meeting point will be somewhere east of Salt Lake City. A tunnel at the crest of the Sierra Nevada is all that now temporarily stops the advance. The following table will show the rate of progress on the Pacific side and the elevation above the sea level : Miles. Feet. January 1, 1865, to New Castle 31 930 May 13, 1865, to Auburn . 36 June 10, 1865, to Clipper Gap 42 1600 September 4, 1866, to Colfax.; 56 2443 May 8, 1866, to Secret Town. 65 3415 July 10, 1866, to Alta.:.... 73 3626 November 29, 1866, to Cisco 95 5911 July, 1866, to Summits. 105 7042 September, 1867, to Virginia Station, estimated . 160 6800 July, 1868, to Humboldt, estimated,.., 250 4000 December, 1870, to Salt Lake City, estimated . 725 4286 The Secretary of the Interior, by whom these roads are finally accepted and approved, in a letter to the Secretary of the Treasury, February 14, 1867. says " the point of junction of the Union Pacific and Central Pacific has been assumed to be 79 295-1000 miles east of Salt Lake city, or at a point which will entitle each of the companies to the same amount of bonds." It is now generally understood that the connection, though [not officially determined, will be made somewhere in the vicinity of Salt Lake. This would give the Union Pacific a line of nine hundred and fifty miles (including the extension from Sacramento to San Francisco, which is now made by river), while the Government subsidy will be about 35,000,000 dollars to each, besides alternate sections of land on each side of the line amounting to twelve thousand eight hundred acres. Besides these helps the state and municipal corporations of California, fully alive to the importance of the road, which was to give them control of the great interior trade with the mining regions, subscribed liberally to the capital stock of the company, and made extensive loans of * money and credit. The portion of the road now in running order is I earning four times its operating expenses, although its ' I traffic lies mainly on the mountain side. This year it will tap some of the richest mining districts in Nevada, fond next year those of Idaho and Montana, California has such remarkable attractions of scenery, agriculture, mining and Asiatic trade, that an immense volume of business may be expected to pass over this road. FEABriiL CATASTnoniB.-A shocking accident occurred on Sunday evening, July 28, in the estuary of the Tyne. A strong north-east sea had been breaking on the coast in consequence of a gale which had prevailed on Saturday morning, and on Sunday afternoon it was rolling in white waves against [the south pier. Seine seamen had been carousing with girls of the town at North Shields on Saturday night, and they appear to have kept it up over Sunday. On Sunday afternoon Thomas Laird, of Dublin, John Chaston, of Colchester, and Charles Coleman, a Prussian seaman, had taken a boat, along with Jesse Steward, Elizabeth Clark, and Mary Ann Fitzgerald, who with Robert Higgcrs. alias Bob the Fiddler, and Thomas Wilson, alias Piedish, had rowed down in the sculler boat to the mouth of the Tyne. It is said that they called at South Shields and procured a bottle of whisky, and that the fiddler was drunk. Be that as a it may, they took the boat in among the sea in the most reckless manner, and the result was that about 4 o'clock, by a crowd of people on the South-pier were witnessing their mad freaks, the boat was suddenly overlapped by a sea, which filled it, and two others hurled it ever so far in towards the pier. It turned bottom up, and the eight wretched creatures were left struggling in the water. As soon as the cry of alarm was raised on the pier a cable was manned by pilots and pulled to the assistance of the drowning people ; but, as they had to pull three-quarters of a mile, a good deal of time elapsed before they could reach them. When they got down to the boat they found Wilson and Foreman holding by the boat's bottom, but the others had disappeared with the exception of Fitzgerald, who was apparently drowned, but floating on the water. They were got into the cable- ' as speedily as possible and pulled to the pier, and thence they were carried to the house belonging to the Life Brigade and attended by medical gentlemen. The two men recovered j the unfortunate girl was beyond all human help. The body of one of the seamen was picked upon Sunday evening, but down to a late hour that night the other five bodies had not been recovered. The recklessness of persons who should be well acquainted with the dangers in which they place themselves by venturing into a seaway in rough weather in open boats is marvellous. Other [ boats were in the same dangerous predicament as this unfortunate craft ; the two boats' crews of two lads each, who escaped from among the broken water after the catastrophe, so far from being affected or frightened by what they had witnessed, deliberately | pulled off their clothes and rowed a race, naked to their waists, a considerable distance up Shields, harbour. Tun Two Ghosts. Sir Walter Scott used to tell with much zest a legend of a man who tried to frighten his friend by encountering him at midnight in a lonely spot which was supposed to be the resort of a ghostly visitants. He took his seat on the haunted stone, wrapped in a white sheet. Presently, to his horror, the real ghost appeared, and sat down beside him, with the ominous ejaculation, "You are a ghost, and I am a ghost ; let us come closer and closer together." And closer and closer the ghost pressed, till the sham ghost, overcome with terror, fainted away, Edinburgh Review. Communication between Dbivbu and Guard on Railways The French railway companies are busy in discovering an efficacious mode of establishing a communication between the driver and the guard. Electricity has been tried, but the shaking of a train in motion has been found to disturb the machinery. Nothing daunted, the experiments are continued with a view of remedying defects. A system of acoustics is also talked of. In the meantime the Government has instructed the companies to provide a hand-rail throughout the whole length of the train, so that the guard may pass readily along, or passengers escape from peril. This plan is about to be applied to all the railways, and it is now in actual working on the northern and southern lines. 