5CIRÇJJMSTA,lSTrAIi. EVIDENCE Oá^DID'THET. HÄNO -THE: ^BOÑa .MAN; ' CHAMBO. XL VT; ; BOW;, ASA.BBLD BEB AQATKST THE TIOS. To Amber tbe month of Maj wa« BB utterly lost i if it had ben dropped ont of the year and left behind I the circling path of the earth. But Maj waa then «nd tbs aim rote and aet on its thirty-one days,, wi- the old régalant j, taking no note of sickness, Borro» -or death. No cooner was ber father buried nnd forever got than tbe solemn calm that had held her in, its stead 'fingers eave way. h'or tvodajs alie kept about th house, finding neither rest by day nor sleep by night baton the third morning a sudden blankness and hlaot ness came before her, into whioh she entered and lot herself utterly. '' .' i ! v i Dsnoy listened tn her moaoings and muttering»,'try ins to qniet the fdter that pressed her, n'atcbiuj anxiously foi Asa to oom e. At no m ho came, and Denor sent bira for tbe ol doctorat Clinton, charging him, if ho valued the lil of tbe girl, to return as quickie HS possible. After this came weary days and restless nights, ful of burning puins aod miseries. All that sh« had sui fered and kept te herself, the past few months, cami ..ot now. The doolor shook bis bead. " A bad eo«o of brui; fever-a very bad oase," be slid, discouragingly Mother Land was there a part of the time, and An was there every day.' Dency had no other thougbr day nor night, but Amber-Amber- and how she coull oare for anil cure ber. She did not know till now bo« «the girl had nestled into her heart, and she could no bear to let her no j but there eame a time when evet abc despaired of her life. She had grown quite stilt now-tho old roatlcBsancs -that they had cunibatlei so long w»s quite gore, bu in (toing it had takon her life too. Soe lay a thin white statue, scarcely breathing at all. The doctor wont softly in, loifced at her, rough the scarcely perceptible pulse, bent his heed to calci the faint, 'irresolute breath that wavered betweV-n hei flips-laiá do»n the shadowy hand and cimo softly om again. í ? Both Mather Land and DJ ney looked at him with questioning ejes. He shook bis head, and dearing his throat said : "lt will beof no ase far me ts coma in the morning ; -she will go out with the tide to-night," and settling his hat on his head be wtnt ont _ " Poor ABB," said Mothor Land, with tèara in bei eyes. Denny, remembering that the tide turned at mid- night, as on tho night that the girl's mot her died, got up, and going to the bedside, sat down, hopeless and -hclflo8t, to watch' tho going out of another life io teat \- room. Asa, warned by some instinct, got some one to take can» of bis lamps, and came t ver bdfare dark. He too went in and looked at her, and came out with , a heart heavier than a elene The air of the house choked and stifled him. He seized his hat and went out into tbe rold night, walk . ing with bot, drsperate basto round and round titi ¡Bland, from side to aide and from end to end, stop- ping now and then to liaten to the wild shrieking of tbe two pines over tbe graves of Hester , sad Andrew St Cyr. What ailed these pines? Sinos the nwht that Andrew St, Cyr WHS buried there, dismal moans an I mutterings seemed to come from tbe trnnks of ihe trees, and when the wind arose and rocked the branohea to and Ire, sharp, shrill shrieks pierced tbe air, curling the blood of those who listened. What waa the matter ? Were the pines complaining because their roots bad been bot to make ro»m for agrave ? or was lhere something wrong- in the hanging and bury- ing St Cyr that the treeB strove to tell ? In the meantime the tide was hurrying out. Dency sat motionless watching the sleeper, knowißg tho life was «oing out, too-the lifo that was no longer measured by hours, but by miuutes. Mother Land atoad by, with* her »arm fingers laid on tbe cold white temple, counting the last taint pulsa- tions. Suddenly Bbe Baw the girl's eyea unclose and motioned Dency to lons. The palelips were moving. Dency beut her bead te catch the words slowly \- uttered: " Tbe tide is dragging me ont-hold me-don't le', me got" an-t then, again, after a little pause, anxiously and earnestly, " 1 promised father 1 would stay-I have something to do-the tide ie dragging hard, you don't bold me fast enough." " Poor obild I what can I do?" said Dency, ohoking hard. " Asa, quick-ho eau bold ms." How Mother Land «ver rolled to the door so Bwiftly is a mystery to thia day ; bat the next iaataat ber Toiae went aver the island, " Asa! Aaa! quiokl!'_ He oame run n in ir, white as a ghost. " Sho wants you," said Mother Land. He went to the bedroom, and Amber tried to lift up ber arms, whispering :1 "Asa, hold me fast; fight tba tide-don't let it carry me nut." He passed his nm ander her, and lifting ber np, held ber fast on his breast, while bia hot tears rained down on her face. Thoro-there-it don't drag me se now," she wYitnnnrpd. ' The tide wag at its lett ebb, bat Aaa was holding ber fast, Noone da-ed speak. Was his love strong enough to cla'm and hold her noir even in the ver; jaw* of death ? ¡j (New strength carne to him. In an instant hin tears were gone. Mo understood he braced bis loot-ho WBB resisting the tide for ber. Nothing could take her cut of bia arm« now. The laat nuise of the ebb was still-the tide was quito oat " Wiue,'' whispered Asa. Denny held tho Bpoon to her lips, for Asa dared not loosen bis bold an instant Mother Land thought abe wan dead, bat Asa knew netter. ? Thore they «at, moistening th* white lips with wine, nnaliie to tell whether the swallowed any or not, till the tide began to flow again. Then' there was a ohango. She opened her eyai once mora, and faintly smiled. They oiuld see that abe swallowed wine easily, BOW. Presently she whispered, meeting his eyes: "You're saved me Asa. Loy me down now.'' si. , ? ¿ni So be laid hor down,' tnt the thin, white fingers clang to hi« a> m, as if Bbe wa>not quite sdfe. " Don't leave mo yet/'BIIO said. There he sat till broad daylight, holding those little bandB faxt in dis, but he hore hi "flself bravely. God only knew how hard it was to keep back the BOOB and te«rs '' At snnriae tho tide was'setting in fall and stronj. Thoolinping fingers unclasped ; abe feltbcnelf floating1 . back' to life.' ' "' . ' . " YOB moy po now," she whispered, and turning the poor face in the pillow, witk a' Buft sigh flattering from her lip , Bho fella'leop. Ho watohed ber a fow moments longer, and 'then got up and went out, asaared that sho would live, Dcaoy followed "G; tel that dootor to ooine over now," ebosaid, ; ' " . Whit a gladly solemn heart he oirried aoroas those -sunlit waves ttat morning) he alone could tell. 