TflH UNBOLTKD DOOR. Aii aged widow silt alone Beside Iter nnrrow hearth ; Iler silent cottage never heard . The ringing: laup.li of uiirtli. Six children onco had sported there, but now tho churchyardsnow l-dl softly on live little graves thut were not long "go. She mourned them nil with patient. love, But suico her eyes had shed Far bitterer tears than those which dewed The faces of the dead. Tho child which had been spared to her, her darling and her pride, Tho woeful mother lived to wish that she had also died! Those little ones beneath the snow, Not lost, but gone before; Faith taught hdr all was well with them, And then tho pang was o'er ; But when sho thought whovo Katie was,"she saw (he city's glare, Tho pain tea mask of bitter joy which Need gives Sin to wear. Without tho snow was thick and white, No step had fallen there; Within sno snt beside her fire, Each thought a silent prayer. When suddenly, behind hor seat, unwonted noise she heard, , , , , . As though a hesitating hand tho rustic latch had , stirred. Sho turned and there tho wanderer stood, With snowflakos on her hair, A faded woman, wild and worn, The ghost of something fair. And then upon tho mother's neck the withered brow was laid, "Can God and you forgive mo all? for I have sinned," she said. Tito widow dropped upon her knee, Before tho fading fl^o, And thanked the Loid'. whose loving hand Had granted her desire. The daughter Kneeled beside her too, tears streaming tVoin her eyes. And prayed. " God help mo to be good to mother ere sue dies!" Tiiev did not talk about the sin, Tho shaiuo the bitter woe j Thoy spoke about those little graves, And things of long ago. And then the daughter raised her eyes, and said in tender tone, " Why did you keep your door unbarred when you were quite alone?" " My child," the widow said, and smiled A smile of love and pain j " I kept it so lest you should come, And turn away again: I've waited fbr you all the while-a mother's love is truej Yet is it but tho shadowy type of His who died for you!" -Sydney Mail. 