ME. -VERDON'S MISSION. î ; (From tho Ago.) Tho following is a report of Mr/Verdons1 '^proeeeiliriga as'tho "deldgato of Victoria to H. M, Government^ upon1 the ' subject' "of; "tho '«ölonidl dëfôucôs7and'ôth"or public matters : | " ' 'Si'r'tT-^I'liavo tnohonoiir .to robmi^arreçort ?? -i. n)f my;proceedings ia langland ns the'delcgatc of the oolony to hor Majesty's 'Government. "Ibe subjeots committed to mo were as fol- lows :-¿1. Tho defences. 2. The represento lion of 'tho colony in Fnglartd. . '3. Tho ?¡.«stáblisliment nt Melbourno of a brandi of. tho -ZRoyal Mint. 4. Immigration. "6. Tho sale . ?«>f debentures under tho Publio'WorkB Loan Act! 0. Further loans for tho -extension of railways, water supply, and other pablio ^vorks. .::..!<! ' i Í'JYOU aro awaro thatthe proposa'Hhat a rricm 3ier of tho Government -should go'to'England ' nipón'tho , subject of-tho defences originated ^^ith'tho committco to which the' matter: was areforred 'by. tho Legislativo Assembly. The \--oommittee, considering that- inasmuch as luif ferial; as woll as . colonial , interests wore involved in tho protection of'Victoria from -attack, and seeing that all other applications 'lor'nssistanoo had failed, reeomrrionded that ~s member of the Government Should proceed to England and apply personally to \ her .Majesty'^ Government. Tho "House adopted 4he committee's proposal, arid-Che Govornroent -directed me to carry it out. Iaocordinglv ; proceeded to England, and ^put myself in ?communication with tho Secretary of State "for 'the- Colonies. After ' several interviews -with tho Earl of Carnarvon , and Sir John '? ?' Pakington, upon the general suTiject of colonial defences, I made a formal and-specific request for assistance giving at tho samo time a .summary of.all that could ba urged in support of it. This paper I prepared, at Sir John Pnkington's suggestion, for circulation amongst the members of the Cabinet, to -which, 'I waa informed, the wholo matter "would, have to bo submitted. Tn this woy -tho ordinary meetings of the Cabinet Council .wero anticipated, and rouob. time was saved. .In framing tlie.request contained in my letter of tue 27ch of September, I was mainly inÖuenced hy what I 'had written in the minute addressed to the Governor on the 23rd of March, 1864, my object thon being to obtain -without oost tot lie oolony, a substituto tor the armed vessol Victoria, fit for tho defence of Hobson's Bay, against modern guns and iron plated ships. v .At tho request of the Admiralty cn account liad been furnished of tho expenditure by the .colony'for ooals and stores oonsumed hy the Victoria while serving in tho New Zealand war. .This amounted to ¿£15,000, and the an on ey had : not been paid when I wroto the -jnomorandum to which.I.have referred. Tho «stimátéd valúo of the "Victoria was £10,000, and I proposed that these two sums.should be our contribution to tho cost of asuitable ship to take v. the Victoria's place. It is this proposal which has, in fact, ''leen- accepted by hor' Majesty's Govornmont. TTho stim of j£l 5,000 haB since been plaoed to ?£ho credit, of tho colony with tho Crown algente for tho colonios, and this,- with an 'additional sum of £10,000, which, can he .«ither obtained by thc salp of,tho Viotorm, or .if she'bo profitably employed, from the loan, .?viill constitute our share of tho estirhntod cost of a monitor; tho remaining ¿3100,000 being ,providedby her Majesty's Government. I oin authorised to say that the ship is to bo .as.good a ono as can bo built in England, and that sho will bo especially adaptod for the defence of I'ort Phillip. Although all the dotailsof her construction wero not determined Tvbon I left, it was understood by Sir John Pakington and myself, after consultation with the chief constructor of the navy, Mr. Keid, that the ship should have iron plates on thc «ides, .not less than eight inches thick ; that «ho should hnvo two turrots, on Captain Oole's prinoiplo, covered with 10-inoh plates, and capable of containing four 600-pounder guns,; 'tbat the decks should be covered with three inches of iron; that there should be twin kocls, and two screws; and that sh o should 1)0 not only Btrong enough, but sufficiently fast to fight as a ram; The colony will pro Tide tho armament, and will be thus freo to lave the very best guns of any construction that may be obtainable when the ship is ready to receive thom. v Tho lino of battle ship, for whioh I asked .at the same timo, will be selected from tho «team reserve, and with all that belongs to Sior will bo given -to the colony without any .charge beyond the actual cost of sending hor to soa. I eonsidor that tho valuo in money of tho contribution which the Imperial Go- vornmont has undertaken to mako will not be less than £150,000. I need soarcoly remind you that tho conditions upon which this ' is an ad o would bavo been fulfilled in any case, tho Legislature having already sanctioned all that wa aro required to do. Tho sum of JE100,000 borrowed for defensive purposes ?will thus be available for the purchase of guns and torpedoes, and tho construction of defensivo works. It is Lord Carnarvon's desire that Mr. Ad dcrloy's lottor of tho 16th November sholl be substituted for Mr. Card well's communication of tho 20th of March, and be regarded as the roply of her Majesty's Government to the address of tho Legislature. THE GUNS. I had great difficulty in determining what guns it would bo oxpedient to obtain. When I reached England tho wholo subject wa« just as unsettled as it had been for somo years bofore, and it would have been impossible to Jiavo selected a gun against which somo gravo objections might not havo been raised. Tho obiof difficulty in making a satisfactory gun of largo size seems to be in the rifling, whioh, no m at tor how good tho inner tubo of the gun maybe, huB always boen tho first part to give way, and after but little use. During tho Crimean war Mr. Lnnoas'.er invented a gun in whioh tho rotary motion of tho projeotilo was obtained from the oval form of tho bore, with- out rifling. While I was in England orders were ¿Won for tho construction of some largo guns on Lancaster's prinoiple, and 3 was very anxious to know tiio result boforo coming to any decision ; but I felt that while it would be wiso, if possible, to wait for tho latest development in tho art of gunmak ing, it would no*, do to wnit too long for o degrco of perfection scarcely attainable in practice. I determined, therefore, that I -would not return without obtaining somo of the host guns yet designed. The great sue« cess of Major ÍPallÍBoVs iUUlíd-flliot cave TOP óonfidoñoe-, in thus 'd,ëoidiijg: j " for wi th: tíioso projectiles 800 pounder guns word able to pierce tho strongest target-over made. I there- fore "applied for p"ormi8sion"*'to~liavo sir"3O0" pounder guns made at 1110 Royal factory j but the groat demand for*thc-Imperial Horviao rendered this impossible, and I was obliged to leave instructions with Major Pasley ¡for tho purchase of the guns from a private maleer. In this duty ho will bo assisted with tho advice of the highest authorities on the subject in Rngland. The 80-poundèr guns whiob woro specially made for the colony before I arrived, li ave boon thoroughly and satisfactorily .tested, ns will appear, from the report annexed.' They will partly tako the placo of tho ordi- nary C8-poundor guns now. in the hal terios The result of the Gorman, war. induced most of tho European Governments'"to supply their troops with breech-loading rifles j arid I; at once ordered- from Mr. Lancaster a rifle converted on Snider's principle, to sorve as a model for the conversion of tho small arms in tho possession ofi'the colony. The defence of-Oharleston and'ótlier en|¡a¡té racnts in .which torpedoes were' successfully employed, bas .led toa, careful inquiry, as to tho usa of submarine mines'in-harbour defence. 'A committee -of ''scientific and .professional men in England has been considering the subject for some times,' and I have been' sup- plied with'all " the information. their inquiry bas elioited. ? I am quito satisfied that torpe-' doe's; will form one of our principal ' means for tho defence of Victoria, and I advise that no t,imo should bo lost, in procuring them. They can bo most oheaply and conveniently made in tho colony. ! ' M While we are dependent upon:iiroportation for our supply , of. ammunition, the country can never be sure it is properly protected.' Not only tho quantity hut the quality of gun- powder for war purposes is made uncertain hy sea odrriage.; and now; that accuracy- which is entirely dependent upon the quality of the ammunition-is so essential in guns of all sorts, it seems necessary that the colony should make its own gunpowder. The com , mitteo; of the. Legislative Assembly on de- fences took evidence on this subject, and I have obtained the latest and fullest informa- tion in England, so that the Legislature may bo able to decide with a perfect knowledge of tho faots, as to the expediency of establishing -or of aiding in the establishment-of a gun- powder factory. The Logislativo-Assembly, upon tho report ? of the committee on defences, resolved that it was desirable that the services of an officer of superior rank should bo obtained to determine ' finally as to the nature-and position of the central defence which all tho authorities agree should form part of the works in Hobson's Bay. In tho committee it was suggested that, if possible, the opinion of Colonel Jervois, Deputy Inspector-General of. Fortifications in Great Britain, should be taken. I accord- ingly discussod the matter with Colonel Jer- vois, and he informed mo that, ho. thought ho could give'us a satisfactory opinion without visiting Melbourne ; but as it did not appear to bo quito certain that personal inspec- tion could be dispensed with, I asked that, if it Bhould prove necessary, Colonel Jervois' might bo appointed to make it. IMPERIAT. FORCES IN THE COLONY. Although discussed at different times, and in separate communications, the location of lier Majesty's troops in Victoria is so muoh apart of tho general subject., of colonial de- fences, that it will be convenient to speak of it in this place. It is unnecessary to remind you that the pay and allowances to the troops have for many years given rise to questions between tho Imperial and colonial Govern- ments, and to some dissatisfaction in our own Legislature. The Duke of Newcastle, desirous of establishing a uniform system for all the colonies, proposed that a regiment, and the head-quarters wing ofanotlier should be allotted to Australia ; that for infantry the colonial Governments should pay £40 a mah, a yoar, without any other colonial pay or allow- ances j and that, if any colony desired a larger number of infantry than its propor- tion, or to havo artillery instead, the payment should be at the rate of £70. Believing that artillery would be more useful to Vic oria than infantry, I proposed, on behalf of tho Government, that, instead of five companies of infantry, we should have two batteries of artillery, and urged that tho amount demanded for artillery was excessive In. reply to this, hor Majesty's Government as- sented to the substitution suggested, and reduced tho annual subsidy from £70'to £55, informing ns at the same timo that the arrangement oould not bo completed until, the other colonies had consented to it. At that time there was one-battery of artillery and no infantry of the lino stationed at Molbourno. Tho whole of tho garri- son duty had, therefore, to be done by the artillery, "and the : advantago of having artillery rather than infantry was greatly reduced. At length General Chute proposed that, in addition to two batteries of artillery, there should he a sufficient body of infantry to perform all tho garrison duty, thus loaving the artillery sufficient time for drill and prac- tico. Before anything could be dono on this suggestion, and shortly beforo I left the colony, Air. Cardwell informed tho Govern- ment that' the Secretary of State for War had been advised that it would be expedient to allot infantry and not artillory for colonial service, and that tho assent to my proposal for artillery at a reduced rate must be withdrawn. When, thorofore, I found, on ray arrival in England,, that wo should have either to accept our proportion of infantry, as originally pro- posed by tho Duke of Nowoastle, or to bo content without any Imperial troops at all, I felt myself justified in saying that I would recommend roy colleagues and the Legislature to adopt our share of the general Bohemo ss first'dovised. , A COr.ONIATi AQENT-OENEIlAIi. . Tho roport of tho committeo on dofences, adopted hy tho Assombly, containod a resolu- tion affirming tho necessity of appointing an Agent-General for Viotoria in England! The committee oouBidorod that it would bb expo diout that a member of Parliament should bo appointed, and I vrna instructed to inquire and report upon tho subject generally. At prosont, as you aro aware, tho j affairs of tho colony in England ' are managed partly by tho Cr^vn agents, for tho colonies, and partly, by Major Pasley, R.E.," who tem- porarily succeeded Mr.: Childers, upon his acceptance of office in tho late Administration. All matters of business are referred to the Grown ogonts.who aót foitho Crown colonies and for some of those' possessing respon- sible Government. When Mr. Childors was appointed, it was ohiefly to manage-; tho ; "railway business of" tho colony ia England, butit was also'understood that he would not bo unwilling to- act in any other matter; which might.be committed; to him, and fróin'th'o first everything relating to tho colonial defence's , has, been, under the control of that-, gentleman and his suooessbrs, and not with the Crown agonts. It is my duty to say that all tho business entrusted to tho . O'Owh agents has boon satisfaptorily ¡per- formed, while Mr. Childers, Major Clark, and Major Pasley, who havo successively noted as special agents, have ever been most assiduous in carrying out all that related to tho defences and railways. But there is- obviously risk-of confusion and unnecessary expense in having two distinct establishments. In the offico of the Crown agents Victorian affairs form only a small part of the busi- ness transacted^ ' aud they' ard, as " may,bo readily' ; supposed; ' entirely ignorant of : tho special circumstances and requirements of the colony; on tho other hand, .the railway and defeuco matters nra not sufficient to justify tho maintenance of a. distinct business estab- lish meat." Thus .Victoria lacks that which nearly every ¿thor colony possesses-a central placo .whore every informa ion can bo readily Obtained' from some responsible person; I agreed with'the committee | that some ohánge should bo made ; but I .could not,: have sup- posed, withoütivisiting England, how import- ant it-is that a proper representation of j thc colony should bo established.' I-belièvo | hntr itwill not be.diflioult! to unite in one office all 'tho Victorian, buVi^ess' we have tb do, ¡and that tho chango rriay bo offeoted without" a groator annual expenso than is now incurred. . The.House of Commons sat for only. a very short time after my arrival, and I had not so many'opportuhities as T 'desired of inquiring if the appointment of agent-general could be conferred with < advantage . to thc colony upon a member of Parliament. Everyone with whom I was able to confer as to this, told methat the . feeling in the Legislature was,so. strongly against paid; advocaoy that, if we wore able to induce ¡ a really good man to take the office, he would loso his influence directly it became known that ho wits in the service of tho colony. Moreover, it would bo difficult to find anyone of position in1 Parlia- ment willing to accept tho appointment whose personal knowledge of Victoria, or, even of Australia, would be sufficient to enable him to speak with authori ty upon colonial affairs. I ascertained, however, that it would not bo difficult for an agent, not being, a member of Parliament, to obtain a hearing" in tho Legis- lature through members who, if only reliably and thoroughly informed, would be glad to speak in the interest of the colony whenever it might bo necessary. . Many of tho misapprehensions most inju- rious to Australia only exist because it is im- possible (o obtain reliable information. Every- one knows, or at least can find out without difficulty, where to go for information as to America, Canada, and most of the Australian colonies; but, save. the obscure little offico occasionally v'sitcd hy Major Pasley, thoro is no place in England where anything concern- ing Victoria can bo learned. THE MINT. In my general instructions from the Go- ( vernmont I was directed to press upon tho at- tention of her Majesty's Government tho urgent importance of establishing a branch of the Royal Mint at Melbourne. I found that an expression upod in the bill providing for the maintenance of tho mint liad been misunderstood. The bill makes the payment of tho subsidy subject to any laws upon the audit of tho public accounts which aro or may horeafter be enacted, and this was con- ceived tomako the grant l¿ss certain than is required by the order in Council. I have undertaken that another bill shall be intro- duced free of any objection on that score, and in tho meantime everything necessary for the establishment of the'mint will go on as if the bill had passed. Plans and specifications will be forwarded as soon as they eau bo prepared, in order that tho buil.iings and foundations may be ready when the machinery shall arrive. Tho machinery will be constructed upon tho best principles, tho Imperial Mint of Franco having boen inspected, with a view, to the adoption of tho most recent improve- ments. SALE OP DEBENTURES. ' I need not tell you that upon my first arrival in England it would have been impos- sible to sell the debentures issued under the Public Works Loan Act., I was constantly in communication with, tho committee 'of tho Associated Banks, through tho chairman, Mr." Lam a oh, and wo agreed that it would be necessary to wait some months before it would bo safo to launoh the loan, and that in tho meantime expenditure in tho colony, on account of it, should, be restricted as " muchi as. possible, while the banks undertook to assist tho Government, if necessary, to meet liabili- ties alroudy incurred, and for which no other provision could bo made. At length it was thought prudent to advertise the debentures for sale by /tender in the usual way. It was satisfactory to me to find that the limit whioh seemed expedient to mo had been' adopted by tho committee. Tenders were received to the amount of £3,073,600, of which £1,485,900 was at and aboyo the minimum of 102£, tho overage price for tho portion accepted boing £102 19s. It was not until some time aftor tho Bolo that I disooverod that out of tho £850,000 offered, debentures amount- ing "to £700,000 wero purchnsodon French account. I.was glad to learn from th » gen- tleman who bought them that our bonds are rogarded hy foreign capitalists as a first-class scourity. A rrjTJI.10 WORKS LOAN. In connection with tho salo of these deben- tures, I was instructed to inquire as to a furthor loan for the extension of our system of railways and water Bupply, ,, "and. for tho completion of tho larger public buildings. It is injurious to the credit; of tho colony to rriake frequent, applications for small1 loans, .and it will thorclore bo oxpodiont to allow a reasonable, time to elapse before issuing a furthor loan for any purposo. But if in tho course say, of , two years, it bo necessary to borrow from three to five millions for tho purposes mentioned, I have no doubt that the monpy can.bo .obtained. . Whon it .can.bor shown, OB it can in tho eosb pf. Victoria, that English capital bas boon borrowed for repro i duotivo "works, whioh havo proved thomaolvo : reproductivein foot as. well as in oWaotor, thoro will bo no groat difficulty in obtaining money for their ex- tension. I need not observe that, to secure tho:continuanco of the good opinion; in whioh'our bonds aro'bold, it is essential that wo should-be as careful to meet our en- gagements' punctually-"as hitherto, and that'ino effort should be spared to close tho accounts of oaoh year without a deficiency. I have already made'known to tba Government my | opinion 'as to, the consolidation of tho public, debt, and I will not, therefore, unnecessarily repeat it. If _ it should bo considered 'de; sirablo to make any change in its nature, as^' for instance the conversion of tho' debentures into stock, advantage should be taken of the next loan to bring it about. " ' ? ' IMMIGRATION. ' Tho subject of immigration is the last upon which I am instructed to report.:. The family system now in foroo was adopted in order to avoid the indiscriminate importation of'un- suitable emigrants brought out under the old plan. I have endeavoured to ascortain if, by any means, this system could bo extended. America obtains her large sharp of tho. emigration of tlio world, partly because ;the. ,voyago is, comparatively short, partly beoauso land is cheap, ond pirt.y hecunse'i Ireland and Germany are full of astute, .energetic agents, who are always acccssiblo and prepared to give information and advice to intending emigrants. Several instances which carno under my own observa- tion satisfied mo as to the incompleteness of our present system.- Under it assistance;can be had from tho State only by persons who. have relatives living' in Victoria to nominate them. I. know several oases, whore people with small capital, who ' would novor have burdened our publio charities, who, on tho contrary, would have been in every respect desirable and profitable additions to our popu I lation, have been unable to como to Victoria, partly because they could obtain no assistance, but. ohiefly because they oould get no information. I am disposed to think that a direst line of steamers, making short and regular passages, and conveying seoohd and third class pas sengers'at a reasonable rate, would do much to overcome tho difficulty which the distance between Europo and Australia must always bo to intending emigrants, and I am of opinion that some authority could bo es- tablished in England by means of which suitable persons might be enabled to emigrate, while at thc same time tho oolony would bo protected from the evils of the old system. TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION. You will perhaps havo observed that I had tho honour of introducing a deputation to Lord Carnarvon, consisting of gentlemen connected with tho colonies, on the subjcot of telegraphic communication between England and Aus- tralia, Tho plans of tho promoters were not sufficiently mature to cn oblo Lord Carnavon to give a definite answer as to the views of the Government upon the particular soberao submitted ; but his Lordship expressed himself very favourably to tho deputation upon the subject generally ; and in common with tho representatives of other colonies I did not hesitate to say, that Victoria would be pre- pared to bear her share of the cost and re- sponsibility of so desirable an undertaking, if a feasible scheme bo proposed for its accom- plishment. I lost no opportunity of acquir ' ing information that seemed likely to be use- ful to,.tho colony ; but it is unnecessary that I should burden this report with extraneous matter; I may, however, perhaps be permitted to notice tho great improvements which1 have been recently made in telegraphy.' I had the privilege of making Professor Wheatstone's acquaintance, and he explained to. mo several of his inventions which I thought would be acceptable hero. Ono of these I venturo to order. It is an instru- ment for repeating and forwarding messages with groat speed and certainty. In the ordi- nary way an operator cannot transmit moro than from fifty to sixty letters a minute. Ky Professor Wheatstone's invention a message may bo forwarded at the rate of 700 lettors a minute, and without the possibility of error, if. tho message ho written correctly at first. In forwarding mail telegrams or long reports I apprehend that this instrument will not only bc of great advantage to the publio, but the means of saving much time and labour to tho department. I annex the more important letters and papers referred to in this report, but it is proper that I should mention that nearly all my communications with her Majesty's Minis- ters were oral j and ns they took placo almost entirely in the country, no official record remains of them. It will be gratifying to the colony to observe tho strong expressions of sympathy and friendship which my visit elicited from members of .her 'Majesty's Government. I am persuaded that nothing but tho greatest good-will is entertained by all classes in England towards Australia, and that the right and privilege wo olaim of forming an essential part of the empire is fully conceded. To myself, as the representative of Victoria, the greatest kindness and consideration wore extended, and I am glad to have this oppor- tunity of publicly acknowledging it. I cannot close my report without acknowledg- ing the very, great assistance afforded mo by Major Poslpy and by Captain Pay no, to both of whom tho colony is indebted for the most faithful and assiduous Bervice. It was with the utmost confidence that I loft to thora tho duty of completing in detail tho work which was ontrustod to mo as tho delegato of Vic- toria to Her Majesty's Government. I have tho honour to bo, Sir, Your mo.stobcdicnt servant, GEORGE VERDON. . Tho HOD. James M'Oullocb, 'M.P., Chief Secretary of Victoria. . The Deon of Down (Dr, Woodward) who'ha« been removed from h's aha|iIa!noy to the prison of tho oonnly ot Down bj the Board of Superintendence, ai aten in n letter to that body, '' It could never have occurred^ to him that tho board could possibly object io hi« giving a number of the Saturday Ueviow toa prisoner sen- tenced tor a year to Boltlary confinement, a graduate of Cambridge, and a member of the b'nglinh bar, nnd to whom some mental occupation, not alway« and eiolr slvel.v on religious auiijecti wag, in lila judutnent, ic. dispensable to preserve him from idiotoy or lunacy." " Molly," said Juo Kelly's ghost td his' wife,- " I'm in purgatory at this prêtent moment," sais hf. "And what tortola place is it?" «aya «he. " Fáix," . soya lie "'tis a sort of a half-wav homo between you ind heaven, and Ietand it mighty nitty al tor (leaving fon," 