GENERAL NEWS. Parliamentary. — Mr Magarey has resigned his seat in the Legislative Council through ill health, and it is stated that Mr Scott's resignation is ready to be Landed in, -while another vacancy already exists by the death of Mr Hall ; thus making three vacancies in the Upper House. Mr A. B. Murray has forwarded his resignation as member for Gnmeracha to the Speaker of the House of Assembly, and it is probable that Mr Hay will be invited to stand for his old constituency. Mr J. Ronnseveli having been the successful tenderer for the railway goods contract, it is most likely he will retire from the representation of Light, and we understand that Captain Hart has received a requisition from a portion of the electors to stand for that district in the event of Mr Bousevell's resignation. Gjjts to the Ciiukoii of the Holt Evangelists at Goolwa. — A short time ago Mr E. M. Cohen, of Goolwa, made a gift to the new church at that place of a piece of land situate near to his store, part of block 142, fronting 25 feet to Loveday-strect, and 50 feet to Dawion-street ; and about the same time Mr Josiah Laffin gave a filly. It -was resolved to get up a raffle of these two gifts, and the papers rapidly filled at Mr Varcoe's, Goolwa Hotel, where last week the raffles came off. Mrs Jones, wife of Mr Thomas Jones, master of the schooner Mosquito, was the fortunate -winner of the land, Mr £. Hockley, of the Goolwa Tramway, winning the filly. Mr John Varcoe threw for both winners, whilst for his own chances he threw very low numbers. The proceeds realized from the land was £50 nett, and that of the filly £5, making £55, to be presented towards the building funds of the church. Mr Cohen's generous gift must have been very acceptable at the present time when vigorous efforts to obtain funds for the purpose of roofing the building arc being made. We understand that Mr S. Bastian. of Willunga, has also made a liberal present of sufficient slate for the roof, whilst other kind persons have volunteered to cart them to the spot free of charge. We hope soon to have the pleasure of announcing the church com pleted and open. [The above information was sent by our Goolwa reporter last week, but miscarried 1 We are indebted to the Kcv. E. T. Howell for the following statement of the rainfall at Port Elliot since February 1st of this year : — Inches. February, in seven daya ... ... 1-988 March, in four days ? -750 April, in six days ? 1 755 May, in eight days ? 1-945 June, in thirteen days ? 1-284 This shows very exceptional weather, as it will be perceived that the fall of rain in June was less than in either February, April, or May. We are informed that an accident occurred on Saturday morning last to a woman named Mrs Blackford, resident at Finuiss Vale, and had it not been for the timely assistance of her husband, the effects would have been more serious than they are. It appears that the unfortunate woman was sitting near the fire, when the fire suddenly came down the chimney, causing the flame to catch her clothes. Her husband, who was at work outside, was attracted by her cries, and directly made for the house, and succeeded in extinguishing hor burning apparel, but not befjre she had secured one or two severe burns. Home time between Saturday night and Monday morninj; last, the store of Mr W. D. .Sweetapple, at Currency Creek, was bnken into by some thieves, and a quantity of goods abstracted therefrom. The burglars effected an entrance by removing the window in a very workmanlike manner, and appear to have had no fear of being- disturbed, as we hear they burned about half a candle while making their selections from the str-cik-in-trade. The goods taken consist principally of -J'-;js of the kind usuallr worn by laborers, such as Crimean and other shirts, mole skin trousers, &c; S(.me other stores were, we believe, also taken, and the person in . charge states that cash amounting to £i- has been abstracted. Suspicion naturally points to some of the rough characters known to be employed in the neighbor hood on the line of tramway, but against whom how ever we have never hitherto heard any imputation of dishonesty, although they are nor the most orderly class of the community when enjoying relaxation from their labors. We cannot help thinking how ever that it is almost offering an inducement to theft to leave a store in so unprotected a condition with no one on the premise?. It is simply a galvanized iron erection, and there are no shutters to the windows, ; thus exposing the stock to the gaze of those men I whose aciiiiisiiive propensities preponderate over ! their conscientiousness. The facts that there are no ? police in the neighborhood, that Currency Creek is a j very quiet place, that Tbere is seldom anybody astir at nights, combined -^ itii the sight of the coveted articles, were very likely to oveicome the resolution of those whose ideas of ;he distinstion between meum and teum are vague. We cannot therefore help quot ing the old proverb, 'Safe bind, sate find.' We are informed, says the Bord-:r Post, that the Insurance Companies this season demand 12 percent, for insuring the steamboats ou the Murray river, and one per cent, per voyage on cargo. This is tanta mount to a n-jiicrion of Murray river risks, and it is said that so far as the boats are concerned, 'none of the owners will insure this 3-ear. Tiie insurance of cargo, we suppose, is a matter for the consignees to consider. The demand of 1 2 per cent, insurance on a brat is as much as to say that the odds are only 8i to 1 against this kind of property becoming a total loss within the year. We understand that the work of the Victorian snagging parties is beinsr actively proeeetfed with. The steamer Melbourne is doing much good near the junction of the Ovens with the Murray, at a spot where her services have been greatly needed. — Riverine UeraJd. The Advertiser publishes the following extract from a letter from the supercargo of the steamer Maranoa, dated Para, River Darling, 27th June, 18G7 : — ' We are slowly making our way up, having had many detentions, the most unfortunate of them arising from an accident which occurred shortly after leaving Wentworth on Monday afternoon last, a man having fallen overboard and been drowned a few miles above the township. He slipped from the side and sunk almost directly, apparently being quite uiiable to swim. Mr May jumped over to trv to ca-ch him, and the steamer was slopped, hut he could not be reached in time. He was not one of our regular crew, but was working liis passage np from Goolwa. I His name we do not know except Tom, but under j stand his relations are living at Wallaroo, where he was once in business as a hairdresser. The Penola parted from her moorings in MacDon neli Bay the other day during a gale two hours after her arrival. Fifteen passengers (intended for Mac Donnell Bay) «-ere landed at Portland, and several intending passengers for Melbourne from the first named place were disappointed. It is said all this f might have been avoided had boats been in attendance , promptly on the arrival O;' the steamer. , Adelaide has been visited lately by an invisible ] '; something' which has a ridiculous weakness for ] noc king at do.irs. Its first rappiugs were mani- 1 fested in Topbam-street, and were heard not only at ( night but in broad daylight, with the doors wide - oj-en, and inner doors -were subjected to the mysterious taps as well as the outer ones, some of the auditors averring that they not only heard the . knocking but saw the doors vibrating with the force ( of the blews ! The spirit, or whatever it is, sub- , sequently visited other portions of the city, and . succeeded in either frightening or puzzling several - other householders by its pertinaceous knocking at ' the door. The ghost now, however, appears to be in a state of progression with regard to his abilities, ! and in addition to bis faculty of rapping possesses a , charm equal in efEcacy to the ' Open Sesame,' in 1 'AH Baba and the Forty Thieves,' as will be seen : from the following extract from the Advertiser : — ' ' The ghost still takes his nocturnal rambles in Adelaide. On last Tuesday night he visited the ' Blenheim about midnight, and commenced a con tinuous rapping at the side door. The landlord ' stepped cautiously up, the knocking still continuing, ' till he opened the door suddenly and grasped — the air. Later in the night the rapping occurred again ' several times,*but nothingcould bediscovered as to the cause of the ' annoyance. This myslerions being varies his performances occasionally', as when, a few nights ago, he visited the house of a gentleman in North Adelaide and opened all the doors, although ' they had been carefully locked before the inmates retired to rest. The nest night he ventilated the sama house on a different principle, and the family were surprised on rising in the morning to find every wind3w in the dwelling wide open. We think ano Adelaide friends had better keep on the qid vive, lest their eccentric ghost should prove to be in league with the before-mentioned Ali Baba and his comrades, or some other gang. Charges having been laid by Mr Boothby, late Manager of Waterworks, against Mr England, the Engineer, of having certified to far more irork having been done at the ? reservoir by the contractor, Mr A. H. Gouge, than Vas really the case, surveyors were set to work to measure the earth excavated and to take levels of the reservoir, and the conclusion to which they have come is, that the contractor was largely overpaid. The report of these gentlemen has been sent in to the Commission of Enquiry, but we are not yet in possession of the nature of their report to the Government. It is said that many thousands of cubic yards were paid for, for which nothing was done. Bat it Is also stated that the measurements made respectively by Messrs Babbage aad Hargrave on the one band, and of Messrs Ashwin and Budgen on the other, differ very nearly as much as Mr Eng land's and Mr Boothby'e. Surveyors differ as well as doctors ! There is said to be a dispnte involving some £10,000 or £12,000 between the Government and the late goods contractors, Messrs H. Hill & Co., which will have to be settled by the Parliament Disteess at Wallaroo. — Destitution is rapidly on the increase in the district. Employment is difficult to obtain. Many men, after waiting for weeks in the hope of finding work and getting none, are at length compelled to leave the place ; and if they have families, and have not the means of taking them away, the probability is that their families will be ultimately thrown on the Auxiliary Desti tute [Board for maintenance. Some of such cases have unfortunately already occurred, as may be seen on reference to the report of the Auxiliary Board. — Wallaroo Times. The Wallaroo Times publishes the following: — 'On Saturday last, Sergeant Davidson found a lusus natural near the Dusthole Station, in the shape of a kind of double lamb, or perhaps we should rather says two lambs joined together somewhat like the'Siamese twins, only longitudinally instead of laterally. The bodies were distinct and perfect, having each one tail and four legs, but were united at the breast. The two necks were separate, but strange to say were surmounted by a single and remarkably round head, having, Polyphemus-like, only one large eye in the centre, and one mouth, but four ears. This extraordinary being was of the full size of new yeaned lambs, but of course did not long survive. We understand Mr Davidson has stuffed this curious specimen, which be intends to keep.' The Wheat crops. — The Register says: — The breadth of land sown this year with wheat is much greater than last year. The farmers on the plains north of Adelaide, and stretching away to the Wake field, are anxiously waiting for more rain. In some instances the early sown seed wheat has perished, and it has been found necessary to sow the lands again. On the Alma Plains the hairy caterpillar has appeared in myriads, destroying the green crops with instinctive voracity. The only known remedy is the use of the roller, which, like the ponderous car of Juggernauts, ' rolls on and crushes all.' As article, entitled ' A Visit to Jindera,' appears in an Albury journal, from which we learn that the German free selectors who have recently arrived from Adelaide, have completely changed the face of the country at Dight's Forest. Forty of these families are now settled there, and they have lost no time in improving their respective holdings. Sub stantial brick homesteads are being erected in all directions, as well as dwellings of a less pretentious character. The necessary steps are being taken for the erection of a Lutheran church and school-house ; and, in the meantime, divine service is held at the residence of one of the settlers. Clearing aud fencing operations have progressed vigoronsly, ard a great I breadth of land has been sown. Trenching for vine yards will be commenced thi* seas jn upon most of the free selections. — Melbourne Herald. Some of the Burra tradespeople last week were temporarily cheered by receiving large orders fro 31 an individual who styled himself William Cummings representing that he was a sheepfarmer settled 180 miles beyond the Barrier Ringes ; that on his run he had built a house and partly furnished it, and had come to the Burra to get some bullock-teams and goods for his station store. He further said that the run had been considered useless by the Government, and therefore he had got it rent free. He had been on it three years, and had discovered four springs of water. This being rather a plausible tale, he induced one of our leading tradesmen to make up a parcel of goods, in which were comprised twenty five pounds worth of tobacco, five guineas' worth of pocket-knives, dozens of library books, a Cassell's Bible, 14 volumes of Cassell'a Papers, expensive table-covers, toilet covers, dozens of Crimean shirts, 20 gallons of paiut oils, cases of maizena, Bates's salve, painkiller, and Cockle's pills ad injinitum. ; plated goods, such as des sert spoons, table forks, teatrays, table bells, gilt framed mirror, cut glass tumblers, wines and plates, articles of vertu, stationery enough to supply ;a daily newspaper for a month, and, in short, such a quantity of goods that he led those who supplied him to imagine that he was really purchasing a stock for a distant station. The goods were all set aside await ing delivery, and filled a small parlour. On Wednes day he stated that he had just sold a lot of sheep in Adelaide at 16s. 6d. ahead, and would telegraph- for a, remittance, promising to pay for the goods at 10 the following morning if the invoice were made out. At the appointed hour the invoice was ready, but Mr Cummings had vanished, and has not been heard of since. To other tradespeople he gave equally ex-. travagant orders. From our respected brewer he purchased without paying for them all the iron malt tanks that have adorned the outside of his estahlish lishment for a very long time. He gave an auc tioneer and commission agent an order for six bullock teams, a tank full of potatoes, and other irucies; dul nereme extravagance 01 me oraer cxciiea suspicion, and no steps were taken to. execute it. To 1 saddler he stated that he was in want of 12 saddles ind six sets of baggy harness, but as. no cash was 'orthcoming this tradesman was not doped. Cum nings took no goods away from, the shops, and ;herefore the police had no ground whereon to arrest iim, consequently he has escaped to enjoy the recol ection of his lark and of the cigars which were pressed upon him. He was a tall middle-aged man, )f gentlemanly behavicur, and had apparently re vived a good education. — Register correspondent. Ah ingenious contrivance, called the loxodrographe, has been recently invented by a naval engineer, M. Dorradi, !~Dr ascertaining a ship's course during a ' voyage. On the dial of the compass, says the Mechanic's Magazine, instead of the star which iri licates the north, a circular opening is made, furnished with a small lens. The light shining upon the compass penetrates through the lens, aud traces a black mark or line on a sheet of sensitive paper underneath, which is made to move at a certain 9peed by means of clockwork. The sensitized paper turns with the action of the ship, and as the needle remains perfectly steady, every deviation or alteration, of the course is photographed on the paper. The Lancet mentions that in 1865, 7,4001bs. 3oculu3 indicus was imported, enough to adulterate 120,000 barrels of beer. It is not employed as a medicine, and 13 known to possess most deleterious qualities. The suspicion is that it is used by the brewers surreptitiously. Unfortunately there is no duty imposed on the drug. In the course of making the physical researches necessary for ascertaining, by the passage of elec tricity through the Atlantic Cable, the difference of longitude between America and England, it has been found, remarks the Atlienmum, that the time required for a signal to pass through the Atlantic Cable is 31-lOOths of a second. This is equal to a velocity of 6,020 miles a second, considerably less than the speed of the electric fluid through hind lines. To Preserve Apples. — Two years ago a fanner in the Palatinate, reports the Grocert found in the spring an apple in the most perfect etate of pre servation, that had been lying all the winter in a heap of leaves of the maple tree in his garden. Last autumn he packed his stock of apples in casks with f dried leaves, and in the spring found them in the same state of preservation; and as firm and juicy as. when first plucked. He has now published the re-. 6ult of his experience in the German papers for tho benefit of the public. 272 