THE MAGAZINES. Amongst the monthlies, tho Fortnightly Review enjoys of right the first place. It continues to flourish most encouragingly under its now editor, Mr John Morley, who exhibits, more and moro liberality and competency. Tho present number begins with an article by Professor Tyndafi, on ' Miraclo3 and Special' Providences.' This remarkable artiolo is a review of tho ' Bampton Lectures' for 1865, in which tho question of miracles is treated by Mr ' Moztey. Professor Tyn dall has a comparatively easy task of it, so long as he confines himself to tho de molition of Mr Mozley's position, which is. one utterly untenable. Mr Mozley insists upon miracles as the only indisputable evidence of tho perfect goodness of Christ. ' No outward life or conduct,' he says, ' however irreproach able, could prove His perfect sinlessness, be- cause goodness depends upon the inward motive, and the perfection of the inward motive is not proved by the outward act.' ' But surely,' as tho professor remarks in reply, ' the miracle is an ontward act, and to pass from it to tho inner motive imposes a greater strain upon logic than that involved in our ordinary me thods of estimating men. There is, at least, . moral congruity between tho outward goodness and tho inner life, but there is no such con- gruity between tho miracle and tho life within. The test of moral goodness laid down by Mr Mozley, is not tho test of John, who says, — ' He that doeth righteousness is righteous . nor is it the test of Jesus— ' By their fruits shall ye know them ; do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?' . But it is the test of another : ' If thou be the Son of God,. . command that these stones be made bread.' Tho Professor is squally happy when he con troverts Mr Mozley's strange assertion that there is not tho slightest rational basis for our belief in the order of nature ; but he gets out of his depth when he assumes, as he does throughout, that the domain of nature is self contained and cannot be invaded. Mr Ralston eontribntos a very ploasant and instructive paper on Plautus, whom ho calls tho Roman Moliere. The quotations from the poet's . works show that ho is ' a good genial companion with whom it is a pleasure to spond an even ing.' Mr O'NeE gives the second portion of his vory discriminating sketch, of the Paris pic tores. Mr E. A. Freeman's sketch of ' The Rela tions betweon tho Crowns of England and Scot land' is learned, interesting, and original in view. Ho makes out that Edward I., whom ho regards not only as ' The greatost of tho Plan tagenots,' hnt ' tho greatost king of his age,' and ' weE nigh the greatest EngEsh king of any ago,' had a fair cas» — such a case as would justify an honest man in patting forth ah ordinary claim in an ordinary court of law, ? and that he claimed it in the only shapo which the claim was likely to take in his days. Mr Froemon looks on tho question whioh he . dis- ? - cusses so ably, as purely historical, and not as involving the honor of either Sootland or Eng land. ' I do not regret, ' he says in conclu sion, ' that Scotland won her independence. I cannot regret tho formation of a_ nation, a nation ossontiaEy of English blood nnd speech ; a nation' which soon developed many noblo qnnEtios, and showod itself foEy worthy of the independence which it won. On the field of Bannockbnrn I can almost bring myself to sympathiso with tho great and wise King of Soots against the foolish and oowardly heir of tho greatest of later Englishmen. But thosa things do not tonch the character of the great Edward. Tho roal honor of Scotland in no ? way roqniros tho perversion of historical irlsih, or tho depreciation of a king whose object was to unite our island as we see it united now. The vassalage of Scotland to England onght .? by this timo to bo lookod on as calmly as the vassalage of . Northumberland and Morcia to . Wessex. An Englishman' born north of the Wtt. -a a„„ i.: — ..it „„ i.-, n „ i ? ? .i malign Edward, as an EngEshman born north of tho Thames deems -himself bound to ma lign Ecgberht.' The story of ' Tho Whito Rose,' by Mr Whyte MelviUo is not quite so London Journah'sh as some of the previous instal ments havo boon, bnt it is stRl unworthy of a review of this order. Mr Nassau Moles worth adheres to his spoeiaUty, the history of re form, and brings it down with good ami truthful effeot to tho year 1866. This and a previous paper, taken in conjunction with his. history of the first Reform Bill, compose a vory remarkable series' of memoirs. Nothing can bo moro trnthful or impartial than tho 3pirit in which thoy aro written, and. it is im possible to read the latter portion of them . without feeEng that nothing passes moro oom plotoly from the mind than tho history which we ourselves Eve through and oven ' make. Mr Conway, tho indofatigahlo write? on. American poHtics, contributes the remaining, article of noto. His remarks on tho his tory of tho Reconstruction question aro weE. worthy tho attention of poUticol students. The prophecies of 'reaction' havo not been realised, though all tho usual re actionary forces hiivo been at work. Tho failure to offoct a reaction shows that tho anti-slavery 'aotion is tho result of a purely moral, conviction in tho mind of tho people. It shows further that tho North is not a mere 'mass,' suhjeot to any blind external forces of aotion and reaction ; but a ' people ' pos sessed of individual opinions and personal ro sponsibiEtios, - subject to a gradual but posi tive movemont, whioh, as it is rooted in principles inteEigently perceived, bears with it tho assurance of an ultimato triumph with out tho chanco of eithor revolutions or re actions. , ' If tho political signs in America aro to be trusted, tliey must he held to indicate tho pro gross of a pooplo, as faithfuEy as tho French Revolution and its sequel represent tho move ment of a mass. The anti-slavory agitation in Amorica was at no time revolutionary. It pro ceeded slowly from ono man to two, to ten, to hundreds, nnd thousands, until it was felt on . thomnrginof the Government in tho election of a President who, roady to defend slavery whore it existed, was merely opposed to its geo graphical extension. This showed an un friendliness to slavery, indeed, - but it oquaEy proved that tho pooplo generaUyhad no thought of exterminating that institution oxcopt through tho peaceful formulas by which tho cshstitu tion had provided for its own amendment, whon a popular majority could bo'ronchod verging upon unanimity, and, consequently, incon sistent with violent ehangos. Against this growth, when it had manifosted itself in tho eloction of Mr Lincoln, tho Southerners — who, being without public schools or other means of popular enlightenment, approach more nearly the definition of ' masses' — instituted a revo lution which gavo many sign3 of a collapso from within beforo it was crashed from with out. Tho abnormal rights and powers which this courso, on tho port of tho South, throw into tho hands of the Northern people, wero yet insufficient to produce anything liko a ? counter-revolution among them. On account of the complex currents of feeling and vario ties of opinion in tho North, the direct move ment against slavery was only ? inaugurated after two years of disaster, and amid much op position, and oven then no considerations of danger or interest could hurry its aboEtion, winch is only consummated now, some years after tho rebellion has ceased. When Jefferson Davis was arrested and im prisoned, and the country was discussing what should be dono with him, tho leader of the anti-slavery party, Wendell PhiEips, said, ' Jefferson Davis is not the criminal ; slavery is the criminal ; wo do not want the head of j Davis; we wont the head of slavery.' His words announced the aim of the .Anjerican people, which was accomplished on the day when the head of slavery was held up in the supreme court, and Mr Davis was set freo. This was the natural form of a victory obtained by liberty over slavery. Gained by general courage and fidelity to principles more than by brilliant individual achievements, uumarred by any act of vengeance, associated with the un wearied labors and martyrdom of an honest man sprung from the people, and always taking counsel of them, the triumph of freedom in America may bo fairly claimed- to represent the spirit and power of a people.' Tho eradication of an institution whioh just now had such im posing dimensions may seem sudden, or even accidental; but it is only superficially so, as the fall of a tree may seem the effect of a gust o f wind when it is really due to the slow and silent decay of a century.' The story of ' The Brownie ws'. still unim pressively oocupies the foremost place in tho pages of Mnga. It is followed by an appre ciative and discriminating. notice of the Duke of Argyll's ' Reign of Law.' Tho Duke is a Whig, and therefore Blackicood does not go in to raptures abont him, but ho is a stout and in genious advoeato of tho Christian faith, bring ing philosophy to its aid, instead' of either fighting against or ignoring it, and therefore Blackwood does him great justice, though in a cautious manner. The ' Hunt of the Silver .Fox' will interest naturalists and sportsmen. Tho question, ' Was Georgo III. a Constitu tional King,' is discussed indirectly, hut with an abundance of historical and personal illus tration. The writer of tho paper has had a general theory in his mind, else why begin a paper on Georgo III. with a long, disquisi tion on tho times of tho Revolution of 16S8 ? Bat ho has not brought oat .his views with much literary force, and his article is rather discursively interesting than specially persuasive. Tho political articles of tho month aro conspicuous examples of tho folly of ' attempting to prefigure the course of Con servatism whon its policy is, as was said in tho House of Commons tho other day, ' happy dispatch.' When the magazine came forth from tho publishers, hardly a sentence distin guishing tho Reform Bill of Lord Derby's Government from the schemes of previous ad ministrations roally applied to tho situation which tho writers had striven — writing some two pr three days before — rnbst carefully to ? ? describe. ( As haying referenco to a simple Household Suffrage Bill, which that of the Government has beoome, the articles are simply ridiculous. But dire cnnmisiinn mncl he extended to Conservative writers under their recent trying circumstances. It is rather remarkable that Blackwood contains no notice of the death of its prolific and. most charac teristic contributor Sir Archibald Alison,' al though it occurred a day. or two before the magazine went to press. Fra3cr' keeps its quality at .a higher level tliaii its 'great rival; but its story ' The Marstons' is surely an example of the indif ference of some groat editors to the merits of tho fiction which tliey supply to such of tkair readers as roquire to be amused. Very poor and common is the entertainment the author of ' The Marstons ' affords this month, and his excursion into the demi-monde, in the character of. Mm Elliaton, the actress, is re warded by indifferent results. The number starts with a good article on 'Education,' in which tho whole story of Government educa tion in England is told in an impartial spirit. Those who aro concerned with education as a 3ocial problom, will do well to road this -article, with a view of extracting from it valuable lossons of experience : — ' The great questions which now agitato tho minds_ of men, find their solution in this. This; if we rightly oonsider, is tho keystone of national virtue and national prosperity. \- Our neglect of this has been the bauo mf our . . past, and iu onr core for. this lies the hope, of our future. The key to the vexed problem of ? Uua uco Oaiy ; ror tho Jrey ???fa that problem is the fact that tho political influence of the country must in the end fall to tho intolligoueo. of the country. At the x periqd of the revolution of 1633, enlighton ? meat and discernment wero almost the oxclu ?? eiva 'property of tho upper classes and. the upper classes ruled well for a century. Then ? the middle class felt its own strength, felt its own worth, and demanded its own share. For ? more tliax one generation the conflict raged to and fro. There was repression and tyranny ; thorc was riot and sedition ; but the eternal' nature of tilings prevailed against tyranny und prescription, and 1832 carried a stop farther \- the work of 1683. Time passed on. . Know ? lodge spread ; and with knowledge tho desire of power, and tho determination to kayo it. Wo may hot talk of tho prospect of what is ?- doing as if it wero the history of what is dono.* But this much we may confidently assert — this much wo may gather from the spoken ? sentiments, alike of the opponents and the friends of popular government — that say what yon will, do what yon may, the snffrage fob ? lowsVlierover oducationhas gone before.' ? The teaching of Mr Maurice is an eloquent '? and thoughtful hut, of ^course, rather misty : article ; for Mr Maurice is not only vagao liim : self, ' but tho cause of yagneness in others. The purport of tho article is that Mr Manrico is the divino who, more than any other at this ' moment, offers to persons discontented with tho ordinary Evangelical theology a system by wnich tliey may rocsncile their special diffi culties With a firm adhesion to the Christian faith. ' There are manyin this particular frame of mind amongst the educated classes, who will thank the editor of Fraser for placing Mr Maurice before tliom in this light ; but there are many more' who' will wish his writings more suffi ciently comprehensible to realise fully the ex pectations which, this article is adapted to create. ' Charlotte Corday ' forms tho subject of an other very interesting paper ; but on this topic Fraser is boliind ono or two other publications. ' Military Reform ' oontinnes to be dealt with by tho writer, who has alroady so much distinguished himself upon it. Colonial readers may well thank their stars an they read such papers for their immunity from the curses which, even in England, seem inseparable from an old State and Government. Mr Charles Buxton, M.P., who has' lately boon too ill to attend to his sonatorial duties, figures here as the writer of some verses on ' Tho Staghounds ' which we aro not ' sportsmen ? enough to judge by any other' than a poetical standard, and poetically they' aro not remarkable. The argument that a man mu3t be a man who oan follow tho hounds, if seriously meant, can only bo ac cepted in a most limited sense. Mr Thorold Rogers, a clergyman- and professor of political economy, who, it has lately been rumored, moans to contost a constituency in order to try tho question of tho' exclusion of the clergy from tho House of Commons, has an article on the subject, which seems to provo pretty clearly that tha legal obstacles to their admission axe at present in scrutable. Ho is for- admitting them subject to a prohibition against accepting preferment from Govornmeht. y*' A. K. H. B.' re- appears on his old ground to very little ad vantage, in a prosing article on ' Heads of Bat tering Rams and Old Mammies.' Who could not write such stuff by the mile 1 Bat who would dare, oxcept 'A. K, H. B. ?' The re cently publishel life of Blanket makes a good article, and thero is a pleasant raphsody by Charles Kingsley called ' A Cliarm of Birds.' Anothor Professor, tho third who contributes to this number of Fraser, Mr W. F. Newman, his an equally- imaginative article on- a subjec t - ?r of a very practical kind — ' Tho Functions of an Upper House.' Mr Newman coolly proposes that, in order to utilise tho House of Lords, it shoidd bo made a sort of court of appoal on foreign and colonial afiairs. How any good Radical — almost a republican, indeed— can pro pose such a thing as this, without suggesting any means of taking security ftr tho fitness of tho assembly to which he is prepared to entrust such serious dutios, is truly astounding. It is noticeable, however, that in connection with recent Reform discissions, the inefficiency of tho House of Lords has been the subject of earnest though respectful discussion. It is saiil to bo in con templation among3t their lordships themselves to abolish voting by proxy, in order to make tho House a .moro bu3incss-liko assembly. Such a chango, however, might increase the temptations of tho Peers without rendering them more disposed for hard work, Tho empire wonld gain little by the House of Lords being full every night if thoy ceased from tho happy inaction in which thoy have, since tho rejection of the Paper Duties Bill, persevered. A new tale is begun in tho Cornhill. Tho author is not rovealod, but thero is something Thackerayish in tho hits at snobbery, all the more telling hecanso not cynically or fiercoly delivered, with which this portion of the story is much occupiod. Tho story, is called the ' Bramleiglis ' of Bishop's Folly.' The scene is laid in a novel locale, and is evidently sketched from reality. The experiments of a rich family forcing its way into society have been treated before, but the author of this story is not content with any common-form treatment of tho matter, and while sketching the circumstances with groat fidelity to nature, extracts great novelty from the surroundings invented for the well-marked characters. If any fault can be found a3 yet, it is only that the personages are too exactly marked, and speak too invariably according to tho trick of their idiosyncrasies. ; Charles Lever has been raamed as tho author. 'Slips On and Off the Stage' is a paper full of amusement, drawn mainly from old materials. ' Beauty and tho Beast ' is a bettor story than its title would imply. Cinderella, Cordelia, Beatrice and sovoral other paragons are rolled into ono to moke tho heroine, and she marries for no reason in particular a man whom she has long refused for no reason at all. This does not tell against, hat rather for the pro bability of a voiy pleasant narrative. ' Mobs' form the subject of a good historical paper, and the story of ' Stone Edge' is continued. The exploits of tho ' Diana' whaler conclude tho number. Macmillan stands npon its literary dignity this month, and does not descend to frivolity in any of its articles. . Its padding consists of a rather dull piece on ' Long Holidays,' and a descriptive article entitled the 'Abbot's Way.' The two stories by Mr Henry Kings ley and Mrs Norton progress favorably; and tho former, in particular, is on very interesting ground and makes some good points in referenco to Democracy, which is just now, in England, a very favorite topio. There is a shrewd hit at a prevalent fashion, in an allusion to tho practice of somo aristo crats in playing with tho tiger democracy in their drawing rooms, till its claws grow, and then turning round and remembering they are Whigs. There has been a good deal of this for many years, nnd the aspect of the Liberal party in England towards Reform has vary much illustrated it. Tho Liberals have shown an alacrity in turning round and finding out they aro Whigs, which has been of the fnreatost service to tho Conservative Government in pass ing their extreme- Reform Bill, and which at the same time must have very mnch lessened the hold of the official Liberals on tho real popular party of tho country. This is pre cisely what Mr H. Kingsley indicates as tho uinn ml Sell ty nriFiioorabta Liberals ,vL. :'.l thoy oeaso to fondlo Democracy, and re member thoy are Whigs in order to tame its excesses. Thero is in Macmillan a very solid .articlo on ' Burton's History of Scotland,' and another on ' Early English.' But tho paper in which wo have felt most interest is ono on Burke's colobratod fight, with a small minority at his back, on bohalf of tho liberty of the Press in 1771. Evoryone knows, or should know, that that fight was waged simply by re sorting to ovory possible quirk in Parliamentary prooodure daring the wholo of a sitting which lasted till five in tho morning. Tho story is n3 lively to read as a very fierce and personal .debate iu the current newspapers of the day ; and few will study Mr Reginald Palgrave's | account of the event without some de gree of surprise at finding to what tricks on tha ono hand, nnd what mero personality on tho other, tho great philosophic orator was content to resort. Had Buck incidents taken placo at tho present day, iu the height of a colonial crisis, loud would have been tho objurgations of tho English press on the rough and coarse vulgarity dis played ; and yet quite lately there have been occurrences in tha English House of Commons which have shown that if its members have altered sinco the days of Burke, it is in not having the determination to use its forms to the utmost for tho prosecution of their objects, and not in any improvement in manners or language. The best novel now appearing in a London magazine is ' Steven Laurence, Yeoman,' in tho Temple Bar magazine. There is in it an abundance of character most vividly dis tinguished, and though tho incidents have not as yet developed into anything very stirring, they aro full of truth and telling portraiture of society. Moreover, the situation iute which tho leading characters havo boon brought, and from which they have to bo extricated, is one that presents abundant opportunities for that play of fancy over , social details, which, in its fertility and ?originality, is so widely different from tho small-talk realism by which Mr Trollopo has made a name. Tho scone at tho opera, in tho presont month's instalment, and that between Dora and tho real heroine of tho story after wards, aro admirablo specimens of tho author's power ; and all those passages in which Lord Petres appears, are liko pictures by Meissonier for neatness and exquisite polish. Mr Yates, tho editor, is, wo presume, tho author of an attack on tho criticisms of London cliquos — which is perfectly justified, nnd hits a blot that ought to ho erased, hut will not he. There is a pretty story called ' The Destiny of Leon Grenier' ; and there, is a very exciting piece of adventure called tho ' Rhinoceros Major, ' in which tho writer narrates an incident somewhat similar to that at An drocles and tho lion. For the rest, tho ma gazine is made up of serviceable morsels of fiction, the best of which is a humorous dra matic story of a haunted Hamlet, an actor who utilised a sheriff's officer as Ghost iu per forming the play, and consequently found himself followed by tho prudent shade of Denmark's buried majesty through every scone, irrespective of tho directions of -the text or tho prompt-book. London Society and Belgravia aro as bril liant as usual, hut, with tho exception of Miss Braddon's stary in Belgravia, there is no articlo of special literary merit in' either., Mr Sola's 'Letters from Lilliput,' also in Bel- ' gravia, are by no means in his most original vein. Good Words still sustains its literary pretensions. Tho June number contains a I very elaborate poetical tribute, which we may liopo is not exaggerated, to Earl Brownlow, written by Mr Gorald Massey. Tha Rev. R, W. Dale, of Birmingham, Mr John Angell James's successor, has a well written piece on tho ' Discipline of the Body,' missing, as is tho decent fashion of our times, tha one subjoct with which, on such a topic, a divino of an elder and plainer spoken generation would have chiefly busied himself. Thero aro many other interesting papers, and ono of tho best of thorn is on the ' Great Pyramid,' and tho ' Egyptian Life of Four Thousand Yearn ago.' 