THE MERCURY. 'j, TUESDAYMORtiim, JAN. 22, 1897. Tub intercolonial free trade bill is to be read a second time to-day. It is a most Valuable measure, and will, no doubt, be passed without anything more than a mere show of opposition. What is said about its not being in the power of the house to pass such a measure may be disposed of in a few words, The parliament of Tasmania is a perfectly independent legislature, and can pass what measures it pleases, subject in extreme cases to the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure thereon. In the event of any measure being passed involving the question of differential duties, that is the imposition of other duties on colonial than on some articles, or the imposition of duties on home articles while colonial are allowed to be imported duty free, all that His 'ExoionüENOY has to do is to withhold his \- government is known. But Canada has been allowed, it is said, to enter into an Agreement with the rest of the British North American colonies for the importa- tion or exchange of colonial articles duty free, whilst those received from home are \- subject to duty. And if that be the case with the British North American colonies, . why should it not be with the Australasian colonies and New Zealand P We have the instructions to His Excellency Colonel Gore Browne before us, and, the far as the right of the legislature of Tasmania to pass any such measure is concerned, that part of the question is set at rest. The eleventh clause of His Excellency's instructions reads as follows : " When any bill is presented to you for our assent of either of the classes hereinafter specified, you shall, unless you think proper to withold our assent from the same reserve the same for the signification of our pleasure thereon : subject, nevertheless, to your discretion, in case you shall be of opinion that an urgent necessity exists requiring that such bill be " brought into immediate operation in which case you are authorised to assent to such bill in our name,transmittingto us, by the earliest opportunity, the bill so assented to, together with your reasons for assenting thereto." îïbw, among other bills from which His ExcKMiENcr is either to withold Her Majesty's assent unconditionally," or until Her Majesty's pleasure shall be known, is " any bill imposing differential duties." But His Excellency may give his assent to any such bill, supposing the exigencies of the colony to require it. And although he may withold Her Majesty's assent unconditionally in extreme cases, it is not at all likely that he would in such a case as this withold it further than until Her Majesty's pleasure thereon is made known. Nothing can be clearer then than the right of the legislature to pass an intercolonial free trade bill any despatch from Lord John Russell, or any other Secretary of State for the colonies to the contrary notwithstanding. The worst that can befall us is the witholding of Her Majesty's assent. But with the alleged example of Canada and the British North American colonies before us, what probability is there of this ? Or if there was even any risk, why should we be de- terred from the attempt ? We shall never get what we want in this respect without knocking at the door of the Colonial office. And if one knock is not enough, we must repeat it, and continue at this work until we get what we want. There is nothing to justify any such restriction on our right to legislate in the way we now propose. We are suffering greatly for want of intercolonial free trade, and we shall suffer more if means be not taken to secure it. Our local industries are narrowed down to the smallest point for want of this. Capital remains locked up, and labour is unemployed. Everywhere the population is dispirited, dis abused, and decreasing. This is the daily and hourly talk with us. And if things do not get worse under the present absurd system of a battle of colonial tariffs, what chance is there of their being better P We know of none ourselves, nor do we believe any possible. So long as the present system lasts, we shall only be going from bad to worse. On turning to the bill the Treasures is to bring forward for its second reading to-day, we find this to be the first and chief clause :-" The Governor may, by and with the advice of the executive council, permit the introduction, free of import duty or wharfage, into this colony of any of the goods named in the schedule, which are of the growth and manufacture of any of the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Queensland or New Zealand, provided that such colony agrees to admit free of import duty and wharfage such of the articles named in the schedule, which are the growth and manufacture of this colony, as may be agreed upon by the Governor in-Council." The other clauses simply have respect to the way in which the bill is to be brought into operation, and the schedule above referred to, although now including most of the articles of colonial growth and manufacture, may be enlarged without any fresh legislation on the subject, if that should be thought to be necessary. " The Governor in Council may make rules or regulations for carrying this act into effect, and for deter miningwhatarticleBcomewithinits provisions; and any such rules and regulations may from time to time be altered or rescinded by the GovERNOR-iN-Council : provided that every such rule or regulation shall be duly published." That is the last clause of the bill, and by j^t^e_sphedule_admits_not only of expansion and contraction, but of adaptation to each of the colonies with which we may enter into an agreement. On that point, therefore, there is no necessity for further remark. Still it may be just as wall to refer to a few of the things enumerated in the schedule as it now stands. We put 8s. a dozen on the wines of the other colonies, and they put 2d. a pound an our hops, 6d. per bushel on our malt, 3d. per bushel on our oats, and 27s. a hogshead on our beer. Was over anything more barbarous, or a greater reproach on any group of colonies ? But that is not all. We have not only conflicting duties, but conflicting wharfage rates. We have not only to face fixed and ad valorem duties on articles the growth or manufacture of Tasmania in the other colonies, but wharfage rates and package duties superadded. And what do any of the colonies gain by this? What do we gain ? What does Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Queensland, or New Zealand gain ? An absolute Iosb. They are simply playing at the game of cut my neighbor's throat. All are shutting out articles of colonial growth and manufacture with which they could supply each other of better quality and at cheaper rates than they could produce them themselves. Surely such a state of things as this ought no longer to be tolerated. And if we take the lead in this intercolonial free trade movement, is it conceivable that the rest of the colonies will not follow P They are not so blind to their own interests as to neglect to do so. It has been well and repeatedly said that the very essence of commercial and manufacturing industry is freedom from legislative interference and legislative protection. Attempt to assist its course by legislative a-,- -viz you gress is arrested, its vigour destroyed. Un- bind its shackles free it from all unnecessary restrictions, expose it to the whole- some breezes of competition, let it take its own way, untrammelled and unimpeded, and it will provide us with security for our enterprise, with a reward for our labours. We cannot do without customs duties, situated as we are to provide for the exigencies of the State. But we can get enough of these from our imposts on home or foreign articles, without let or hindrance to our trade with each other. Why then should not that be as free as the breeze that passes by It would be to the advantage of all, and let us hope that they will unite in their endeavours to secure it. At any rate, our duty is plain. We have put our hand to the plough, and must not look back. We insert a letter in another column, headed the " Municipal Grant-in-Aid," and signed " F. A.," without any date, or even the name of the place that our correspondent hails from. But his letter contains internal evidence of its not being of a very ancient date, and of his hailing from a district not a hundred miles from Brighton. We allude, for instance, to what he says about a petition in course of signature in the district of Brighton against the proposed withdrawal of £11,000 from the grant-in-aid to municipalities. If the district of Brighton, however, has no better reasons to assign against its withdrawal than our correspondent has given, we do not think their petition likely to have much weight with parliament. What is new in the reasons our correspondent gives is not true, and what is true is not new. His letter is constructed throughout on the old moggy-calf principle. We must not let the dogs of the old cow go until she has been milked thoroughly dry. Under these circumstances, we should not think of noticing the reasons our correspondent assigns against the withdrawal of this £11,000 from the grant- in-aid to municipalities seriatim. That would be a mere waste of time. The proposed withdrawal of this portion of the grant-in-aid to municipalities did not originate with the present government. It had its origin in the late parliament, and whatever Brighton may have said about it, a majority of the districts, during the late general elections, insisted, almost with one voice, on having it carried out. Anything rather than a property and income tax was the general, and, indeed, almost the universal cry. If the expenditure cannot be brought down to the revenue, without striking out the grants-in-aid to municipalities let that be done, it was everywhere said. And to this it was added, if the municipalities need more money than they will then have, let them tax themselves, and have the control over it. But let us neither have any income tax, nor additional taxation of any kind whatsoever for general revenue purposes. That, we say, was the general cry throughout the country, and none can be so blind as not to see that that is the principle on which the present government have from the very first been endeavoring to act. So far from this portion of the grant-in-aid to municipalities then being withheld at a moment's notice," full warning has been given of it, both in and out of parliament, ever since the late government sought to visit us with the dreadful infliction of a 55 per cent, income tax, and the present government have always made it a cardinal point in their scheme of finance. Consent to the withdrawal of this, they have always said, and we shall then be prepared to bring down the expenditure to the revenue. That is, in fact, the scheme now before the house. The present government showanetdecreaseof£23,000ontheestimate laid on the table of the house on the 21st of November last, and £11,000 of this consists of the withdrawal of that sum from the I grant-in-aid to municipalities. Say that that shall not be done, and their scheme of finance is knocked on the head at once. They would then have to complain that the country had not kept faith with them. They would have been seduced into the acceptance of office under pledges which the representatives of the people were not prepared to carry out. But there is little or no fear of this, we should hope. It would take petitions from a good many Brightons to induce parliament to alter its determina- tion as to the reduction, if not extinction, of these grants-in-aid Nothing must be allowed to stand in the way of an equalization of the revenue with the expenditure. And there are only two ways of doing this. We must either submit to an income tax, which the country will not have at any price. Or these grants-in stronger reasons for an immediate assent to this than any to which we have hitherto referred. There would have been no necessity for the present short session, had it not been a matter of such urgent importance to have the finances of the colony set right at once. Had there been no such urgency, ministers might have come down to the house, and have taken a vote in supply for six months, as their predecessors did in 1862, and then not have met the house until June next. Wherein then lay this urgency in the fact that there are public works debentures to be floated in in London this year to the extent of £10 2,000 and other debentures to be floated in the colony to the extent of £50,000. And what chance should we have had of floating these debentures with advantage, had not the house now been called together to equalize the revenue with the expenditure ? Not the ghost of one. We should not only have had these depreciated, but the whole of the public stock of the colony would have been depreciated in like manner at one and the same time. It is hard, we know, for people who have been accustomed to look to the State to do everything for them to be told that they must learn to help themselves. But it must be done, and this is the time, so far as the municipalities are concerned, to do it. The case is simply this is the State to be bowed down with burdens, which it is no longer able to bear, and to be thus left to bring the municipalities down along with it Or are the municipalities to be turned adrift to help themselves, in order that the burdens of the State may be lightened, and both be rendered happy and prosperous - In such a case, there is no room for doubt. All see what use i" j- ""j "'would rather assist than obstruct ministers in their attempts to do it. 