ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; " Oire mo LEAVE To speak my mind."-SBAKSPEABI. The ct cetera in the above heading refers to that kind of entertainment which, .during the week, has taken precedence of all the others. It would have been more correct, indeed, to head this chronicle as "The Et Cetera and the Theatres," for the theatres have formed but a secondary part of public amusements since last I recorded the doings of those who minister to the public recreation in this city. There has been enacted a grand drama on a large scale, the leading part in which has been taken by His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, and the whole world of Victoria has been included in the cast. The peculiarity of the performance, however, has consisted in the circumstance that the actors and the spectators have been so inex tricably mixed up, that they hare been at once both audience and actors. The house (for house read streets) has been quite full, and the reason of its being full lias been that there was nothing to pay. For your average citizen has a strong preference for cheap amusements, and as there was no check-taker at the entrance to the spectacular play in which His Boyal Highness has played such a prominent part, the theatre was full, that is to say, it was full in the portion allotted to the groundlings; but where some misguided speculator had put up reserved seats, and charged an exorbitant sum for admission, there was only scant attendance. Let us hope in passing that this protest by a deter mined-not-to-be-victimised-public, will servo as a warning to those wicked people who boy up opera tickets, and tiy to defeat the inten tion of the high- minded manager by selliqc them at a ridiculous premium. In .tho. Duke of Edinburgh drama, a good many of the effects verged closely on. the sensational, and I am ^orry to say that it hsu; included some of the tragic elements. Of the farcical there has been a good deal, and pf comedy, in the ordinary sense of tjxe term, q|so a fair proportion. Burlesque has had some share in the general composition ; for instance, where a suburban mayor, having put on for the first time in ljiB life ft oocked feat* black silk stockings and And a ^tn^rkable cloak of no jRMpfc thp subject of cmfc&k;, Ipc**. bis endeavours dignity flindotv] observationBoJ beeninij^ ? ,1TT m 1 D i ghost evjer visits this hemisphere, and if, in the" course of his visits, it has visited us during the last week, it must have been quite convinced of the perfect truth of his mundane advice. For it would have seen the vilest drawing* the most inharmonious colouring; crowds of .figures with no attempt at proper grouping,, and many details flung into the pictures 9».a sort of haphazard principle, of putting them somewhere, no matter where. I say ttipre are hut little more than a dozen pictured as exceptions to this almost uniform ruieof b&diiess.; The stage appointments have i>een almost equally faulty. There was an infinite opportunity for Bhowing what could, really be done in this direction, especially in the matter oflighting; but, with rare; exceptions, the opportunity has been neglected. There has been-a wonderful flare of gas, and the glare has been in some in stances, dazzljng beyond endurance, but theie has been little harmony; only now and then an cndfe&vour; to make the lighting accorcf with the' whole design of the drama. Per haps the general management of the whole of tlm performance has been just of that kind in which the will is to be taken for the deed; and considering that everything has been done without any proper partnership, without any joint concurrence of effort, without any en deavour at unity of effect, perhaps we are bound to take the desire and not the performance, and wonder at the quantity done, withoutbeing over critical as to the manner or the quality. Only it is impossible not to see what might have been done if all the money that has been spent in the getting up of this great specta cular performance, had been clubbed together and expended by some despot with absolute power and a great deal of taste. But it re quires many experiments to arxive at a really correct mode of doing whatever requires the exercise of taste to do, and if the out- of-doors dramatic exhibition of the week has shown that we are all much more loyal than artistic, it is perhaps only what, reasoning from ex perience, might.have been expected. Inside the theatres the first conclusion to which one has felt disposed to come has been that ordinary dramatic performances have gone tout of fashion, and are no longer in request, or that, at any rate, it requires the employ ment of some special means of recommenda tion to persuade the public into recognising them. I am not clear if the Richardson's show method, which I once before counselled, would not have been justifiable under the circumstances, and that Mr. Lambert might have property felt himself warranted in liaving a platform put up over the entrance to the Theatre Royal, . whereon he might on Monday night have harangued the thousands ©f passers-by, urging them to walk up as he was just a-going to begin, and that there they might see for the low charge of sixpence -or higher if they preferred -the screaming farce of " My Neighbour's "Wife," by the Royal Star Company; to be followed by the wonderful, astounding, and altogether unsurpassable performances of the Martin etti troupe, consisting of " Les Gerlans," "XotaArragonaisfi,""TheNiagara Leap," and the intensely laughable terpsi cboreantravestieof "Robert Macaire." He might have permitted himself just for once to be the centre of a group in which Mes damet-Matbien and Buislay formed prominent elements, just by way of novelty or sugges tion of what there was to see inside the theatre. On Tuesday, Mr. Paul Martmetti might have similarly come forward and in formed his friends that he was about to take his benefit, and that he was going to do what, with considerable Unanimity, had been pro- i nounced the finest piece of acting it has been j the good fortune of the encomiasts to see. As 1 it was, Mr. Paul Martinetti had a benefit only in name. The same characteristic of vacuity I prevailed at the Haymarket until Thursday j night, when His Royal Highness visited the | theatre to see " Green Bushes," and Madame i Celeste, notwithstanding that the Japanese j gentlemen spun tops in every conceivable j fashion; notwithstanding that the Lehman I troupe exerted themselves with, special effort, j both in airy ballet and comic pantomime; and notwithstanding that Mr. Hoskins played Tom Twj'ggletonin that ingeniously contrived comedietta of "A Curious Case." And, speaking of "ACurious Case," if; is at this present interesting, as showing with what -consistent determination stage-managers per-1 sist inthose strangeincongruitiesof scenicpar ticulaxs^hbse utter absurdity neither ridicule nor remonstrance ever persuades them to correct. The sc^ne of f&fe; comedietta is set down fix the stage directions as " ah enclosed room, forming the private Office of a large pawnbroker's establishment" I appeal to | anybody who has seen this piece represented ! Coring the week past wbethier ifa<ji set «mplo^(*d even remotely conveyed the impre^tm ofthe private office in a pawn-1 J;fB^pshment, wor, whe^r it 0i'niit. piece, when it ?was played at the Theatre Royal, and its present production with the same lack of proper senic accompaniment,con confirms me in my conclusion, that the tradi tions and usages of the stage are unalterable, and that its directors are for the most part incorrigible. Itwas not entered on this record last week that on Thursday, the 21st inst., the Lyster Opera Company reopened at the Princess's with " Robert le Diahle," or, as the impresario loves to call it in the bills, " Roberto il Diavolo," which was given more Lyster It otipicnse- -coining a word for the better expression of the idea. On the next night this was repeated, and on Saturday " Maritanb," was presented in the customary style. On Monday, "U Trovatore" was advertised bat not played, and "La Sonnauibula" was substituted. On Tues-i day we bad " Masanieilo" with characteristic eflect, and on Wednesday likewise. The I principal circumstance of note in connexion i with the return of the Lyster Company is the I first appearance in opera in this city of Miss i Geraldine Warden, a young lady whose great merit, painstaking, and perseverance I nave been glad to acknowledge on several occasions. Her success is very gratifying, , inasmuch as it has been reached by the sheer force of merit and a resolution to succeed. ' If she be not too strongly intiuenced by those about her, and if she have but the courage to escape from the tyranny of tradition, and to give sway to her own impulses, she will take a good place on the lyric stage. There is plenty of room for the exercise of the rational as distinguished from the utterly unnatural-but too commonly approved method of interpreting operatico-dramatic creations, and if she will but look to con sistency of effect rather than meretricious display, she Mill, besides advancing her own j n terests, greatly aid in the de velopm en t of that better system of representing the lyric drama which has been so strongly contended for as necessary to its conservation as a really poetic art. But if she be so eager to grasp immediate success as not to study the essen tials of the profession she has chosen, she will, like a great many others whoiiave pre ceded her, glide insensibly into the meaning less routine of mechanical performance, than which nothing is more discouraging to those who recognise the relation of all poetic creations, in whatever division of the fine arts they present themselves. Mr. Thatcher's "Life on the Gold-fields' may be heard several times and yet be greatly relished. I have again to congratulate him upon the intense localism of jkis subject. Every man writes best about that which has come under his own personal observation, and if those whose recollections of a time that will soon be a matter of tradition, would but put it down in some shape, whether in story, song, drama, picture, or entertainment, there would be a fine collection of materials for those who will come after us in the distant time when-Here be good enough to imagine a very telling peroration about the future development of this nascent kingdom, when historians have arisen, and an aristocracy shall have been evolved, &c.; JAQUES. 