" Vô'VBM BDITOÍ. OT. THU 8HPIBB. / ! Sir,-I 'am but a poor man and obligod to work hard to maintain myself and family in bread.. At the best of times I am not fond of court work,' as we bush ['people'call it.' I am' now a resident'in' this distriot going on twenty-six years, during which period I have only been at court twice ; the last, occasion "was on tho 31st December,' as correctly roportod in your papor J of tho 5th instant, " i .. I shall feel grateful if you'will, allow mo, Sir, a I corner of your papor to placo the whole circumstances of the case before tho notice of tho public, to show how justice is dealt' out to us poor people in tho bush. ;On tho 26th December-Boxing1 Night-I attended a very interesting and instructivo lecture, .dolivorod-'by Dr. Ross, at tho court- houso, and which, I believe; was highly appreciated by nearly every one presont. 'On tho following day, having occasion to transaot business at tho store of Moon and Co;'in this village, I there accidentally met our would-be over .wise and - infallible schoolmaster, who; as if from a preconcorted plan, drew from me some conversation and animadversion respecting the lecture in comparison wi th'tho " ronny readmei,* which latoly have been tho rago in our village. The locturo, I un- hesitatingly, told nim,' afforded me and othors entire satisfaction, and was decidedly better, I bcliovod, than' listening to " Penny Readings," composed of such silly ?abjocts aa Mi?. Caudle's Curtain Lectures, ghost stories, burlesques on Orpheus and Eurydice, and other? such trash, on which angry words between us ensuod, till at length, in an unguarded and excited moment, through the provocation, I used the'indecent language com- plained of. With this on the following day I received a summons to court for using a few meaningless words. Not, howover, being fond of law,I called at Moon and Co.'s, and told them the ciroumstance in a friendly way; they advised me to go and make an apology to the schoolmaster (who has only been in the district four 'months), which I did, in the presence of a witness, but he (Chandler) said that he did not do business in that way, and but for his position as schoolmaster he would give me a good thrashing, whioh in tho eye of tho law, Í considorod a threat to provoke me to commit another offence ; I thereupon obtainod a summons for him. Only look at tho decision in the two cases-I, for using a few hasty words, fined £2 or three months in gaol ; he, for threatening language, proved < by a .witness,- case dismissed. ' Now, bir, if this bo law, where shall we poor peoplo in the bush seek for justice ? To mend tho matter, I am since informed by one of tho adjudicating justices in the case, and in tho presence of two witnesses, that ho was sorry ho] fined mo in such a 'large sum, aa. from information ho had sinoo received, he believed I had ' received considerable provocation from'plaintiff. ''"' Trusting this letter may bo worthy of insortion in. your journal, and apologising for trespassing on your valuablo time and space, . , I remain. Sir. your obedient servant! HENRY JOHN PLACE, Molong, 9th January, 