-. WHICH HIS NAME IS WALKER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As" and my spectral pass down in Hades had a copy of Friday's Argus supplied, us by one of those demons known as Extraordinary " boys, and even the worst of spirits were put into good ones at your kindness in giving insertion to my " important letter. All sorts of comments were made on my epistle. One said that it was "spiritedly, and evidently written by gnome-man ; another remarked that it must have been penned by an "evil" genius; but all agreed that it would be supremely ridiculous to compel the Prince to land at Williamstown, and have the motto " Nil, conscire CB." over some decoration made by a triumphal arch fiend ; so I trust that the commission Avili, with a stout piece of rope, attach some weight, say half a ton, to the opinion of the ghost of the departed Walker and his supernatural chums. The commission having been appointed in September, will not be able to lay' claim to being an August body, but if they wish to become SJ, they can obtain their desire by consulting us. Some of us are old enough to part with a few wrinkles, It is easy to get at us, for facials descensus Avcmi, and if they come Ave will give them our views, dissolving ones" of course, resembling those talked about during the late crisis. - My object in troubling you again, and for the last time, is " principally about the prince, and to give a little ghostly advice, which, being tendered by a spirit, must be taken in the spirit in which it is offered. The day of arrival must be a holiday, for according to the eternal fitness of things not purchased at a shop tailor's-the advent of the Galatea should be the signal for a Gala day. Should it rain, the. Yan Yean mon may be cautioned for once not to adopt their usual course of watering the streets, but permit us to exclaim, "Peace be to the mains of that glorious aquatic institution." It would be unpleasant to those public bodies who are to be invited to adorn the gutters, to have incessantly to respond to queries as to the state of their poor feet and viewing the matter in the light of ornamentation, I am not disposed to think tableaux- vivants composed (of Mr, McKean of Fitzroy and Mr. Dyte of Ballarat, Would enhance the ? beauty of the scene, even although the latter gentleman was prevailed upon to emulate the Pope, by adopting Mr. Clissold's suggestion of wearing a triple crown. As it would be a day of feasting, a sensation might be created by Mr. Stutt giving himself to his lion 'Wallace for dinner. The lion would not object, although he possibly might make "bones" about it. Such a sacrifice would be acceptable to our poor colony and if Wallace will play gulf to the Quin- this Curtius of State, a grateful Parliament would give the latter a monument by purchasing his tomb, and be able to exhibit a living lion, not stuffed with straw, but with State instead. If the present rain continues, we can treat the Prince to a flood, and the Yarra can give its banks an over "draught" to meet its current" expenses. Prince's Bridge will be in, as well as over its element, and have an arch above and also below. What a day for the faithful confine hobby. I hope that his watch-box will be properly decorated. Arrived in the city, the mayor should present his address, and playfully remind the Royal visitor, that as there, is a knight (J. G.) in the commission, one would not be out of place in the City Council and Fitz, now up to the "nines," gorgeously arrayed in the robes of the future recorder of Melbourne, might also allude to his recent increase of income, and in a quiet way assure His Royal Highness that he isnotanmcomo poop. At night ' there will be a flare-up, of course, and the illuminations will give the Prince the J chance of exclaiming, "Oh, my stars I" ? But, Sir, I presume that by this time you and your, readers will be tired of this threads, and that you, Sir, will indulge in a purely directing me to separate the wheat from the "chaff." But joking is wheat to me. What I wish to convey is the earnest hope that the commission will make their arrangements with wisdom, tact, and fair play, not giving one locality a preference over the other. Let there be no absurd display. Let it be remembered how closely the sublime approximates to the ridiculous, and as the Prince will undoubtedly write home to his Royal mother a full, true, and particular account of his reception by Her Majesty's loyal subjects' in the Australias, give him the opportunity of stating that those in Victoria testified their loyalty in a becoming manner. NOW, then, to the shades right away -Yours, fill warmly' THE" GHOST OF TOM CRINGLE. MR. BASS, M.P, has presented the inhabitants of Derby the borough for which he has sat in the House of Commons during the last twenty years with a public recreation ground, six acres in, extent. This hand- some gift has cost the donor about £4,000. . j l s I j 