SURRY HILLS BIBLE SOCIETY. Ii Ott Editor tf tin Herta. Sin,-Tba respected Babbi, A. B. Davis, of Sydaey, baa offeted somo cntícisms OD your report of tbs Bible meeting, itcently held at Surry Hills ;-if however, ho had heard tny address on the occasion, he certainly could not have written-with any degree of truth or good taste-the letter 'which bsa appeared In the columns of your issue and sum- mary for Bnglond. Possessing, sa I have hitherto luppoaed, the estimable character et a scholar and a gentleman, he could not have said, that I "owerisrf any thing "with great unction," because that is ono peculiar quaUflcatioa or a great orator, to which I sin conscious that I oan maka no pretension. And ss to my beings '* wrthy dùciplê " of some imaginary personages who frequent ¿xeter Hall, or who make statements that " are fret* frank, guthing, and Juli of unction " - bs would have discovored, I tope Transparently, that I wiab to bo - disciple of Truth and Charity. I om not disposed to reply in « teri cus tone to ironical and harmleta persoualitlaa ; end more especially when, as in thia case, they are obviously t brown eff in baste, sad In the mist of a deration ; but I must assure the Rabbi that ho baa himself fallen Into tho «tar with which ho charges me. He bsa been largely droving ttfwi At* imagination in this personal delineation. 1 wish to say distinctly, that th* figure* quoted in the Utter are not mine ; they are to bo attributed either to the Inten- tional eiror of the reporter, or to the careless inadvertence of the print«; and if 1 bsd seen them, I abould havebeon the Q»t to correct them. In tracing, briefly the change of opinion and feeling that 'hos come over the Jowlsb mind in relation to Christianity within the present' century, owing, os I conceive, to the just end liberal policy of the Huronean Govern- ments, and - to the ex pr ea sion of Christian sympathy towards the Jews, I mentioned the translation of the New Tee lament into Hebrew ; the formation of societies for the purpose of diffusing religious knowledge, and overcoming ancient prejudices ; the circulation of many learned works, particularly "The Old Patba" by tba Ute Dr. M.*All, which contains extracts from the Talmud, the M is baa, and tho Garuara placed in immediato contrast with portions of tbe inspired Hebrew text; end tho labours, of .many Christian teachers and missionaries ; and la connection with these I mentioned tho movements usually colled a ''reform," lo which nearly all tho Jews in Bngkud, and a great number on the Continent, have formally renounced tho authority of tradition, and avowed their adherence, to ' the Holy Scriptures os the rule of faith and practice, thus essentially bringing tho controversy within the limits of Holy Scripture. , ' Tho results of th eeo Christian labours on the Conti- nent X sito mentioned, end I said that 2000-uot 16,0» -.save been carolled teem bera of tho cherches in London, as enlightened converts to tho Christian faith. The facts are not to he gathered, beyond s very'limited estent, from the reports of the British Society for the Propagation cf the Gospel among the Jews,-bat from tho reports of the society for mintons to the Jews, oon duoUd by tho Church of Scotland, and the report«'of' societies in connection with the Church of England,-auch oe tho Operative Institution, In which some hundreds of Jews have been taught printing and bookbind- ing, - tho Jewish Home, ander Ur. Ewald, - the ' Training Institution, for teachers and mission- aries, - tho Episcopal Chapel In Fslssttue-plaoe, London, where a Hobrow service ? Is coodoo ted« and wben the Realster will show that more than 100O iowa have been baptized, more than half of them being adults ; arid the London Society for Promoting Christianity among tbo Jowey whoso 13& agents, nearly half of whom are converted Jews, are scattered over Europa andi the Bast, in every place where access.cen bs found.to. tho Jewish population. This society circulated last year. In connection with schools and missions among the Jews, 7937 copies of the Old or Mew' Testament ; 13,828 portions of Holy Scripture, sad email books and publications to oho extent of 10^421. ? . The Rabbi saya that the " British Society encended for the post year £6395 4a. Bd., while the whole coat of Bibles and Testaments for the same period, amounted to £8 12s. b\t.n [ This society is Hmited ia Its. operations, sud Is nos formed ¡ for tho pnrpoie bf distributing Holy Scripture, but to. ' employ Obristian teachers, and tba amount/paid.for Bible*, which appears to tho Rabbi " comparatively ridiculous," is, a smell item of necrsearyrexpendlinre. To a seasatlonnl end probably sceptical writer in the Saint da# Rt s wo rt la not unlikely that the reports " are scanty, ooh), timid and j The Surry Hills Bible Society with its income of £45 Os.' 10d. told teven .Bibles,.- Need'ïtaU theRabbt that tho: . " income " ia the .amount cf donations, given to print tbs Bebrew Bible and the.New. Teslausnt, both In the original ' and other . languages, for ciioulatton In all.nations,, and that the eovsn Bibles were,sold by,ladies la a' very Uralted sphere of visitation, whioh.tbey haye wuvaased ' for ut any years, whore many Christian families reside who are amply supplied with Bible*, and whm tho whole popúy litton are within an alvy walt of the Bible Depot in Pitt* street, and many ebope where the Bible can be obtained. The coi ton es* of these ralsstonsiis also referred : toy and while charging me with exaggeration, the Rabbi says that. _Jews to the Christian faith, who, in-. spired by the Holy Ghost, wrote "Biindrmt in pori ùhopptvtà ta lu ott, unta flt» fitina* of tho Gmttie* bo com* in." ..4..... *> Btti tvm urtio this day, vim Mow ? ù read, thé mit ù upon their toort ;*' and would anew also that the greatest amount of obduracy and discouragement - cannot quench the teal or, hinder the labour of atender' Christian compassion, for tb« spirit of the converted Jew and Holy Apostle atm pervades the Church. " I couti .wùh that mxttlf teer* ecourud from Christ for mpv brethren, mykimmtn according to th* JUth." " 2trtth*en. my heart* détire and prayer to Oodfor Iiratli*, thatthty might be laved." The correction of a few erroneous figures could have been made in about three linos, and I cannot refrain from salting why tho circulation of the Holy Scriptures should! promoto the hostility of tba Rabbi. The Kine of Isrsel and be given (6 enlighten, guido, and enrich others? .Why should . not the Bible ba translated ato all languages, and circulated among men throughout all lands ? J. K. TUCKBB, D.D. 