Launceston Champion Hace. BÏ.PBBPING TOM. . . (From the Australasian, February 2.) . Tho horse that first calls for notice is Mr Tait's Volunteer, and ns tho weights in Tasmania ore very favourable to tho chances of aged horses-being for 3 yrs old, 7et| 4 yrs, 8st . 61b ; 5 yrs, 9stj 6 vrs and aged,' Ost 61b-his position, from his recent performances, stands second to none. There is, however, a little ?? if' attachod, which at the present moment looks ominous Since the last Champion Race here, this horse has done little or no work, ho is only.to be seen led taking walking exorcise. Ho is now 8 yrs old, and has been racing ever since he was a youngster, and his pins aro not now to be trusted ; he did not get over lu's sevoro Btrugglo with Tarragon last year in time to stand a second go in at Launceston, and although he started he made no show in the race. He was in his best form last New Year's Say ¡ and Ashworth, knowing the old horse, may be very wisely nursing him at present, as it will not take many gallops to put him straight. Should he get to the post right, I imagine with 9st61b only on his baok there is no horse in the colonies, not even The Barb that can lick him at the weights. Mr Tait's other horse, Warwick, 'is not good enough at weight- for ago in the company he will meet here, and ho will likely bo reserved for the Handicap with Sst 61b on him. Out of Mr Fisher's three,'Smuggler olaims priority j he has shown himself' to be a fast horse, and a sticker. As ho polished off the great Volunteer at our November mooting, over threo miles, he has many friends; but he is like a great many more of the Fishermen,'not blossed with the best of legs, and has lately boen blistered, whioh has consequently thrown |him off his work. However should he get round, and stand his gallops, ho will show in the front rank; but if Volunteer and Strop be there, they both keep him quite safe. Fishhook",' thoy now say is to be the great representative from Maribyrnong ; he may be all that, but as to winning the Champion Cup I will believe it when I see it. This horse is altogether over- rated by the public, he has never yet done a performance to ontitlo bini to be ranked firat-olass. As a threo-year old, so far, he has proved on utter failure, being little better than that duffer Budelight. I opine, now that they have got tho length of Son gull's tether, that she will bb reserved for tho Leger-a distance more suited to her liking, and over which she eau travel a great pace, with Blorrison on her back. However, these two horse are not to be depended oh, as they have got such complete command of their jocks that they generally do as they ploaso. I never have faith in bolters, as in nine cases out of ten horses don't bolt from vice, but from want of pluok when they got prossod. I do not know whether Toryboy's new owner intends sending bim to Tasmania. Tho little horse has never left Mr Watson's bazaar, since he was sold ; not having declared forfeit, looks as' if they meant to fry what he can do round a three mile course with Sst 21b on his back ; if they do, his chance is not im- proved by keeping him idle, Tory is a good little horse when properly placed, and with 7st can hold his own with tho boat of them, but running him in a Champion Booo is flying at too high a game for his powers. Tho boat ot tho Tasmanian lot is decidedly Strop. Ho has grown into u.voryflno horse; becomes from the best blood in tho colonies for staying, being descended on both sire's and dam's sido from Whalebone ; and tho manner in which he won last year's Launceston Champion, his maiden race too, in a very green state, proves that ho ia made of the right sort of stuff. He has been laid by evor since then, and could I trust that justice will be done him in his training', I should have a deeidodi>«»cia«/ -fer this great son of Panio to pull off tho double victory. Ho will have tho advantago of fighting 01; his own dung-hill, whioh is something, BS tho best of lu's opponontB have Bass's Straits to cross, whioh won't improvo their condition. If Mr Field hos learnt anything from what ho has seon of lato years over here of tho incalculable advantages horses have when they aro brought out to race really fit, and if he has taken the pains to gat Strop right, Volunteer will find that ho hss got a toughjeustomer to «hake off in tb« last half mile, fcildsre ii om of those iniotl» thit "yo« pom can till," Mr Studd's Clansman, 4 yrs, lost llb.W. Bmlth 4 1 Dulce of Hamilton's Cortolvln, aged, 12st 71b I Mr Lynton'» Hornet, 0 yrs, Hst 41b. B. Land , Mr W. K. H. PoweU's Daisy, aged, list 21b. J. Pop« Lord Poulett's Reporter, aged, list. A. French i Mr Cushman's L.S.D., fi yrs, lOst 121b. Hyland > Lord Coventry's b g Balder, aged, lOst 101b. G. Stevena Mr George's Sprite, aged, lOst 71b. Mr Thomas ' Mr T. Hidson's Meanwood, aged, lOst Sib, J. Page ' Mr T. Iven's Sir William, aged, lOjt 51b. A. Sadler Mr R. Herbert's Garus, aged, lost 41b. W. Reeves Mr C. Somers's The Rogue, aged, 10st71b (Inc. Sib extra]. Pickett Mr Willlams's Areescott, aged lOst 41b. Ellison Mr T. Golby's Ace of Trumps, aged, lOst 21b. Wheeler .Mr J. Daily's Ben Nevis, 5 yrs, lOst. T. Ablett Mr Greenish ns b g Milford, S yrs, lOst. J. Knott Betting : 5 to 1 agst Hornet, 8 to 1 each agst Globule and Daisy, 9 to 1 each against Meanwood and Astrolobo, i 20 to 1 each agst Sprite, L.S.D., Patience, The Bogue, Milford, and Clansman, 25 to 1 each agst Garus and Balder, S3 to 1 each agst Ariescott and .Reporter, and SO to I agst Cortolvin. After four failures tho j were ' despatched to a straggling start. Globule, the most con- spicuous performer in the breaks away, immediately taking bis colours to the fore, and make tho pace a i "oracker," ho was followed over the first fence by " Meanwood, Hornet, Aco of Trumps, Patience*, X.S.D., i and Milford, all tho ruck taking it safely, wi. i tho ex ooption of Daisy, who whippod rouud, and lior rider i slipping off she was left h/ipoleesly in the rear. Before reaching tlto Trarstra» , ' VMcarwvood dropped back into about sixth plocn, aaeiv ^^rtfc depriving Globule of the load, charged tau_water .si advance but jumping short he pitcheu.. ,-ead on. landing, anti rolling over, L.S.D., who'.. jeen lying on his right, came in collision ,with him, and also dissolved partnership with his jockey. Ou his legs again in an instant, Ben Land was quickly as- sisted into the saddle, but Hyland being stunned by his (fall, L.S.D. waa walked quietly into the paddock. In ¡tho meanwhile Globule had resumed the command, j patience and Bepo'rter. travelling on in his wake to the drop fenco next to bo negotiated, when Reporter came ;to grief, leaving Sir William, Ace of Trumps, and Tho Bogue in attendance on tlie leading pair, Astrolabe, Haider, Clansman, and Sprite holding conspicuous posi- tions in the contre of tho second division, whipped in by ' Ben Nevis and Arleacott, Garúa having refused tho fence which proved fatal to Reporter, Daisy also losing still i further grouud at the eamo place, while Milford and ; Meanwood had previously boen placed hors.de com- bat at the water jump, tho former having swerved to the left, and taking Meanwood with him, both jumped the ' goreëd hurdles on the left wing into the other course, < and retired to the paddock. After crossing the fence at the top turn The Bogue became the immediate attendant of Globule, and tho rapid pursuit of the favourite carried him into third place' before a milo -and a half had been completed. They held these posi- tions until approaching, the water the Becond time, when Holman took, a pull at Globule, who, however, clearod it slightly in advance of Tho .Rogue, to whom succeeded Sir William, Hornet, Sprite, and Patience iu the order named, Balder, Clansman, and Astrolabe being the next three, with Ace of Trumps and Ben Nevis together at their heels, Cortolvin and Arlescott i-tho latter of whom had some difficulty in keeping on his legs-bringing up tho rear, the repeatedly refusing Daisy having relinquished a stern chaao_ at tho sixth fence. In the next quarter of a mile Astrolabe gradually drew towards the front, and Sir William now beginning ' to decline, the . favourite went on second, with The Rogue, Astrolabe, Sprite, Patience, and Balder olustered in his wake until nearing tho fence out of the turnips, i when Patience weut up to Globule's quarters, but the Hatter immediately drawing away again, the others fol- lowed pretty nearly in the order given except Cortolvin, who pitched head ovor heals and was seen no moro. 'Balder never attempting to riso at the next gorse hurdles ;he fell over on his head and received his quietus, while Sprite, the favourite, and Tho Bogue beginning to hold ¡out signals of distress .along the wood side, the issue Inearly half a mile from homo was entirely confined to tho three first placed, of whom Patience retained tho socond place to the post and rails, when Astrolabe passed .- 'her, but nover had a ghost of a chanco with Globule; ! . who had the French mare dead settled aU the way up, 1 tho straight, and boat her ina canter by three leugths; a bad third. At least fifty yards behind Patience, ' Clansman, who came through the stopping horses finished fourth. Hornet, trotting in fifth, and. Sir William sixth Ace of Tumps, Arlesoott, and Ben Nevis 1 walking in with tho crowd. Sprite, who was lying fourth, clear of the leaders, fell from sheer distress inside ; the distance, and Mr Thomas being somewhat shaken, : tlie horse was led baok riderless in company with The ' Rogue, who, being completely pumped out, was prudently stopped at the last fence. Bun lu 8 min 16 seo. 