EX TRA0RDWAR1T DISCLOSURES B? A GIRL. (From tbo Age, 23rd August.) One of the mo3t remarkable instances of physical onauranco on the part of a child, which has perhaps ever been disclosed, was brought under the notice of Mr Stun, at the City Polico Court, yesterday. A gentleaian, named Mr Stanner Stout, made an appli cation to the magistrates regarding n little girl who accompanied him. He staled that, on the previoue evening, he was attending service at St. James' Church, when the girl c-uterjd his pc-ir. Daring tbo prayer the Riti knelt down ntid commenced crying, Heatkea iier what wan-the matter, and the stated ehe had no home and was without friends. On questioning her further elie told him tha'. the had been decried by her father at Daylcsford, and that 6he had oftirwurdfl walked ell the way to Mel bourne. Mr Stout brought the cj-atter under the notice of the Rev. Mr livelier, und they procured a bed for her for the nipln. lie sow asked Mr Sturt whether the girl could not be sent to the Indus trial Schoain. Tbo girl, who stattd that lisr name' was Ar.nic Little, \va3 placoJ upon a chair to enable Mr Sturt to question lar. She apper.red a cleanly child, and ha l an intelligent face. She was dressed in a red merino frock, und wore a itraw hat. Her liair was done up in a net, but on removing her hat it was seen that it had been cut quite close to the bead, and this she afterwards explained had been done by her fither. Air Sturt carefully questioned her, and as her statement was of such an extraordi nary character, he several times cautioned her, but ehe persisted chat she was speaking the truth, and rigidly adhered to her Dirretive. She stated that iier lather had lived near Dayleeford before be de Btrted her. They occupied a tent made of stuff like her cape, (The cape vras made ol coarse calico.) it took about a day to go (rota the tent to Dayles lord and back. Her father made brooms, but when he go!« any money he upcut it in drink. No one iived near them but a ivomju named Browncon. h.t mother wss dead. The mother had died before j her father deserted ijer. One day her father was drunk and he struck her mother on tlio head with a etick. Her mother told her and her Bister that if eLo died their fr.ther had bicn the cause of it. jJtr mother died the next day, and her father buried her iu a box near the tent. Dogs came to the spot in the night and she used to have to beat tlicm off with u stick. Her father afterwards took up the bos and buried her mother in another place. Stie did not know where. A long time alter this iter niater also died. il;r lath'jr used to go to Mrs Bfown?oa aud i;tt money, aud eome herns druuk. One day when lie wau drunk he cut all her hair oil. Afu-r that lie left her and she came to Melbourne. Sue had been iu I>lvitiOurue a fortnight, but could cot say how Jon^ n fortnight was. bim fallowed the wires (supposed to he the telegraph wires) until the cams to Mi'ibourno. iS.iwu ptop.'c had given her bread and eome had jnven her money. One woraca washed her frock und apron. Since she came to Melbourne she had sk-[it in the cemetery. Air Sturt—"In the cemetery; why were you not frightened of ghost:-?" Witness—" I never heard of them tbingt.'' She continued to sny that she had lc-ft the ceme tery becaubt! the men threatened to send her to pi icon if she cuaic- there again. She afterwards jili-pt in the " Exhibition." borne one told her it was the Ezliibitioii". She went in the church to tic out of therein. fcjince her .'ether left her Bhe bad never eeeu him and did not know where he had gone. She saw him strike her mother with the stick. There were lots of trees where they lived, Sue was certain it wna near DayliBford. After cross-qucsiiouing her for soma time, and failing to shake her statement in any respect, Mr Bturt said he would tend her to the Immigrants' Home lor the present, where che would be cleaned and cared for, until he hud time to receive an answer from Daylecford. lie would psy for any clotlus she required, end see that she was well treated, 'i'lie girl thanked Mr .Starr, r.nu expressed her willingness to do any work it sihe could yet it to do. She was afterwards sent to the liome, uud will remain thero Uutilthe police have had tiruc to enquire into the truth of her ditelosures. Extraordinary us it may appear, she spoke with each apparent truth that itis hard to thiok that one go young could have invented the whole affjir. It it should prove true in the main points, who caa tell hue that another horrible and h tlierio hidden crime will be brought to light ? Iijylesford is eminently noted for similar mysteries. 