THE " TOO LIBERAL" LAND SYSTEM. TO THE EDITOR, OF IN BRISBANE COURIER. SIR-From remarks current in conversation, newspaper correspondence, and loading articles, it appears to me that there is not a general appreciation of the full liberality extended to the public in the recent action of the present "liberal" Ministry. I have particularly remarked the supposed introduction of the Victorian character, " Dummy," and it seems generally conceded that the presence of this port Bouogo is necessary to supplement a supposed want of liberality in the recent conjunction of the Loaaing-oum-Besorvos Acts. That this silent but useful member of society is needed in Victoria, must be apparent to every reader of the Land Acts of 1862 and 1865, presently exist- ing in that colony and had Dr. Challinor succeeded in obtaining the introduction into our land laws of the 15th clause of the Victorian Act, or even had schedule B of our own So serves Act of 1863 been adopted in the Housing Act of 1866, the presence of this route friend of the land monopolist would be unavoidable But I must own that after a rather careful perusal of our ReServes Act, as interpreted by the Loose ing Act, when illuminated by Ministerial light, I cannot fully understand why you have raised the ghosts of such difficulties in your leading artioleoflhol2thinst. Youthorosay, "But when some of the magnates on the Downs, believing that they are sure of Ministerial protection, resort to the unscrupulous use of the dummy system, and in the names of their employés got possession of thousands of acres of the pick of their holdings in tho course of a few days." It will, in the first place, be the duty of the House to enquire concerning the truth of the declara- tions (what declarations P) made in cases where there are substantial reasons for believing that on offence punishable os perjury may have been committed by certain applicants, who may have been suborned to make false declarations by other persons having a deeper interest in such transactions. And again, " What a delightful thing it will be to remain for twelve months of the mercy of grooms and stockmen, who may turn round at IOBI and claim their 320 acres and defy oil consequences." Now really, Sir, if all those difficulties were, to be encountered they would greatly qualify the present " too great liberality of things. But there are no such difficulties, as I shall presently show. In schedule B to the Agricultural Reserves Act of 1863, being the term of application under the free selection clause of that Act, there is the declaration,-" I live in Queensland ; I am above the age of twenty-one years and I apply for such portion on my own behalf and for my own use, and not as an agent or trustee for any other person -whatsoever, and I have not applied for any other portion of land in the soil agricultural reserve and I further declare that I apply for the said portion in order that I may use and occupy the same, and that I have not entered into any agreement to soil, demise, or mortgage the said portion." Is there any such declaration necessitated under the Leasing Act ? Nothing of the kind. I should certainly not be surprised if such a form were issued at the present time for appli- costs. It would look well, and to the eyes of the public its temporary use would modify the " too great liberality " of the Land Office ; but not being necessitated, we could not of course expect its continuance when the first blast of popular apprehension will have passed. The form proper for applicants under the Leasing Act is appended to that Act, and it is bold enough :-" I hereby apply to he declared and entered as lessee under the Leasing Act of 1866, of the allotment of land specified below. I herewith tender the sum of-, and I agree to all the conditions and restrictions of the said Act so far as the same apply to the said land." Such is the only legal and acknowledged form of application for leasing land at two shillings and sixpence per acre, and should any other form be insisted on by the Land Office, it can be legally resisted. Presuming always, of course, that the recent action of the Ministry is itself legal. Besides, it will be conceded by any person carefully collating the Reserves and Loosing Acts, that the Leasing Act is complete in itself, and is in no particular affected by the terms and provisions of the Reserve Act, except where specifically mentioned. That specific mentioned in the 12th clause of the Leasing Act : " Provided only that if taken upon lease, they (namely, lands in reserves) shall be subject to the same condition and restriction as to cultivation and quantity as if they were selected by purchase." This provided only" is the sole restriction, the sole condition imported into the Leasing Act, from the Agricultural Reserves Acts of 1860 and 1863, and it simply necessitates that the lessee cultivate one-sixth of his holding, and do not take upon lease beyond 320 acres. Taking the interpretation of the present Ministry, the Reserves Act throws the land open for selection, keeps it so for one month, and then abandons it for over. Thereupon the Leasing Act takes possession of it, and the only impress and foot- print of the former act which it bears, and which are specifically adopted by the now act, on " 320" and " one-sixth." Where then are the difficulties in the way, or what is there to stay the onward progress of this most liberal of land systems ? Dare the land agent say to you, " Declare, Sir, that you reside in Queensland." You may boil your "billy" in Timbuctoo if you can only write from that post town, and say, " I hereby apply to be declared and entered as IOSBOO." Are you twenty-one years of age ? It matters not if you are not so many days If you are only a person," and in such a sense as John Stuart Mill never dreamt of-if only with infantine treble you can pipe out " I hereby apply;" and if you cannot yourself, your dad can pipe it for you. " Do you apply on your own behalf, for your own use, and not as agent, trustee ? &c.;" The question is simply impertinent : you may apply for your grandmother, and, if difficulty should arise, you can apply for yourself, and next morning, under clauses 8 and 9 of the Leasing Act, you can transfer it over to your aged and venerated relative and as for agree- ments to sell, demise, or mortgage, you are free to bind yourself and your lease- hold precisely according to your own sweet will. Where then, Sir, are the grounds for fear that the friends of the present Ministry may have " to remain for twelve months at the mercy of grooms and stockmen who may turn round at last and claim their 320 acres, and defy all consequences ?" Or, why have the matter pending for twelve months, more than twelve hours ? in the seventh clause of the Reserves Act, it was provided that if within twelve months the selector make declaration that he has resided six months on the land, cultivated one-sixth, and fenced substantially, then " a deed of grant shall be issued." That is, supposing he wants a deed of grant but supposing he does not supposing he wants only a loose ; why he gets it at once under clause 6 of the Leasing Act, which says : " The person declared lessee shall receive from the land agent a lease." And that lease he can hand over to any one he pleases, on the spot, and register the transfer for ten shillings. Under the Leasing Act, on getting your right and title to the land, all the conditions are in the future, so that from the first moment you have got a negotiable commodity. You need have no apprehension then of any alteration in the relations of master and servant. The master can be safely entrust his £40 for a day to his groom as he can one of his valuable horses and the groom can go as boldly into the Land Office as the intending cotton planter. There is no reason for his footing dummy ; he can be as loquacious as he likes, or he may merely say, " I hereby apply to be deplored, and entered as lessee," and forthwith " the portion declared lessee shall receive from the Land Agent a house." Where is the temptation for perjury hero ? why there is not an opening for the greatest liar in Queensland. I trust I have shown that our present land system, as administered by our present Executive, is one of great liberality indeed; so liberal that I think none but the most insatiate and unreason- able could complain of it on that score. Let us see its points. Any man, woman, or child, in Queensland or out of it, can become by free selection the lease of 320 acres of land, or the mortgagee and assignee, and eventually proprietor in fee simple of 320 000, or any greater amount. It is true he will be expected to cultivate one-sixth of this, " but this illiberal condition is susceptible of "liberal" interpretation of the hands of a Ministry of so " liberal" proclivities., There can endanger, in fact there is no fear on the part of selectors, we are told, that this condition will be made oppressive to the poor man, or the rich one either; otloost if the present Ministry hold the reins of state. Now let us trace things to their natural result. A wealthy capitalists of Victoria finds the sphere of his activity circumscribed by that scoundrelly long winded 15th clause of the ViotorianLttud Act, with all its insane objections to " Bublcasoo, assignee, infant, married woman, agent, servant, trustee," &o.; A Chirnside or an Alphabet Clarke, he has long felt his 50,000 or 400,000 acres of land as affording insufficient sphere for his mental activity, and turns his longing eyes to the cotton lands and sugar fields of Queensland. With mind keenly whetted by years of conflict with cockatoos and hostile land legislation, he takes up our land system as dispersed by our liberal Government ; he lightly skims it over, and winks with his dexter orbit. Presently a horde of Surveyors make their appearance, and application after application comes over from Victoria, until, Bay, a thousand lots of the finest agricultural lands of Queensland, in blocks of 320 acres, conterminous or otherwise, or the lease- hold property of notice that represent, or are understood to represent, as many persons resident in Victoria. No sooner have the losses been issued, which must be immediate, them on equal number of two-shilling pieces are sent to our Surveyor-General, under the 8th and 9th clauses of our Leasing Act, in order to " transfer, assign, or encumber the same," and oil in favor of the name of one transferree, assignee, or mortgagee to wit, the Cliimsido or Clorko oforosaul-who in due form), by foreclosure of mortgage, and by boat down, or by instalments of twelve and a-half per cent. per annum, be comes the happy holder of 320,000 comE. Sir, only let it be borne in mind that there is no limit to the quantity of land that may be thus hold in mortgage, and I publicly assert, and I defy contradiction, that all the foregoing, without the slightest difficulty or risk, and with the least possible subterfuge, is quite attainable under the present administration of the Leasing oum-Bosorvos Acts. And I would add, that no further land law is necessary and all that is requisite in order to make the present system ported in " liberality" is to extend the agricultural reserves from Moreton Island to Cooper's Creek, and from Cape York to Point Danger. I believe this is the view also of the present Ministry. Now, Sir, I ask is this what we want for settling the people on the lands of Queensland P Is this not the very peril that has ever been the terror of the liberal party in every colony of Australia ? Is it not the very name of the port fection of pre-emptive right P Extend it over the colony, and soon capital will be forthcoming to convert squutlngoB into enormous freehold sheep farms. The squatter con Boon obtain or manufacture homes, to take up all the fact of his pen-names that at the same moment will mortgage their Mooka to the wealthy squatting agony in Sydney, of capitalist who will have but to pay twelve and a-half per cent. per annum, or little over bank interest, to acquire the fee simple of the principality over which his flocks and herds are morning. What a noble security this to the agent for the permanence of the run. What capital it would unquestionably import into Queensland ; but, ah ! at what a woeful cost. The finest, richest lands, would not be speedily absorbed in enormous permanent sheep walks, and for ages to come Queensland would be just as she is. In neighboring colonies they have found the need of sternly and rigidly standing up against enormous land monopoly, and yet in Victoria, radical, reckless, and gold digging, in spite of every pro- caution enormous freeholds of hundreds of thousands of acres are still wasted in the proportion of five acres to a sheep. There, in spite of fierce opposition and keenest scrutiny, capital has at times succeeded in monopolising the land. Here we have Been every Legislative barrier torn aside (we believe illegally) and we say the Ministry has surpassed its predecessors in " liberality." Sir, it is true. Our squatting Ministry has not done o now thing. Some there are that compare the action of the present Ministry to that of the Conservative Ministry in Westminster, abandoning Conservatism and outstripping even the Liberals in Reform. What shallow observation! Who, with any reflection, would charge squatters with illiberality in land reform ? What more liberal than land at five ebillingo-ayo, half-a-crown per acre, and no restrictions or conditions and this has been the effort of the party now in power for years past and who have been the advocates of high upset price and stringent conditions of residence and cultivation with the people and the guardians of the people's interests ? And in the neighboring colonies it has always been the same. I need not explain the cause ; it is obvious to all. But I do express my astonish- ment at those who seem to look on the late illegal action of the Ministry as a bold stroke for popular favor. Sir, on the contrary, ii i the mad act of the reckless in seizing the first moment for carrying out what has been their wild wish during years of hopeless effort. That the squatters are too liberal in dealing with the public lands has always been the nightmare of the popular guardians of ours and our children's heritage that through their liberality the public lands would speedily pass into the greedy hands of unproductive monopolists who would keep Australia for ever o wilderness, has been the grim phantom over present with the friends of the people. \- Whether the action of the present Ministry be legal or illegal, I stay not to enquire ; it is at least in strict accordance with the past honors and aspirations of the party. If it is illegal, it is an outrage on law and order consummated in the moment' of party victory, which has, I think, not a parallel in colonial Executive administration. If legal, then it behoves the friends and guardians of the people's interests to rise as one man, and sweep away this unexpected monster which has appeared amongst our statutes for if, as at present appears, by unlimited powers of assignment and mortgage, and without even the small curb of residence with cult tivation, one man could by possibility become possessed of all the fertile lands included within our agricultural reserves, and these reserves are of indefinite extension, and may embrace the whole colony of Queensland ; then beyond all controversy our land system is the very embodi- ment of public DANGER. 