"MB. SPUBGEON"; THE PULPIT, AND THE cr CHURCH. . On Tuesday evening a Welsh meeting WBB hold io Myrtle-street" Chapel, in connection with tho autumnal session of the Belfast - Union* On that occasion . ; i . - . '.> Tie Rey. CH. Spurgeon (who was received with immense applause, tho audienae standing np to greet Min) addressed the meeting for throe quart ra of on hour. After a few/preliminary remarks, he-said'be always liked to meet his Welsh frionds, Bnd iE he bod always felt certain that ho was understood by all of them he considered it was the-best audience a man contd desire. ' Ho wished he oould inlroduco , among their English friends a little more of the emotional in thelr.worehip, and ba thought If there was t\ little more expression of feeling in the pulpit people might And .it .nore easy to liston to the preaohing. He always desired to mingle with the preaching of the Word as much of fire as was characteristic of Welsh men and was consistent with its being fire from off God s altar. , i Applause.) .- He' would like to see more energy thrown into the service of God. It seemed to him that for a long time the position of the Baptists in England and Wales had been that of an army encamp- ing in the battle field, and it had been' very stern .work-to keep«the battle- field and to-hold their own. . The. conflict had, been very severe; their enernies had been very many and very strong,. and they them- selves had not always, snob eonrage as God's promlio,' and God's presence 'ought ' to have given" them, and. they bad only been able sometimes to keep the enemy baok .and do no nt-'re..' There was growing, in certain pUc«s, a tenden'oy to think that all they, bad got to do was just to keep their ground, not to suffer the enemy to sweep them quite away, but to have a name and a* place in the Israel of God. Now, he thought the time had come when they should hear another watchword,; and Instead of. standing on the battle ground in the' mere faithfulness of. keeping the peace they should hear the Master's voice saying, " Forward, forward t Go onto the fight to win more of the battle-field from the foe, and to conquer province after province .for King Jesus.'.'. (Cheers.) It was well enough to.hare .waited on \ broach' these weary years, 'made weary vpiy often by their'own lukewarmness, and'want of. zeal it was well that they bad maintained, he believed, as! a; body, th» faithfulness and purity of the goBpel,'»nd tbe: etmplieity of Christisa orainanoes ; but the time1 had' cone when they wera not only to oonserrè bat;to win-when they wore not merely to keep theiobn qaests wh:oh'their fathers-had made, but to mane new conquests of their own. (Hear, hear.) English-1 m*n had been very ont to lio baok on the laurels of. William Knibb and men of that blass among them, any some of bis Welsh friends were always talking »cont their- Christmas - Evans. That was alli wrl1 enough, bat 'every minister ought to seek .to emulate the- heroes of'the psst.. It was a good thing i to think bf "the - mon who' ¡went, before ' thom, : in order' that their eonrage might bo strengthened and their pulse quickened, but to rest there ? wauld be the saddest thing that could ooour to the oburcb, (Hear, hear.)' Theirhoneur befare God mast dopend on the exertions, of to-day nay, their . very existence'' rauoh - longer ? might depend on their making adranoeson tho foe.. Hew, in orc'o to adratce, if seemed to bim that' one of the firdt things!"they -'must. do>- must' ba to 'humble themselves .. before . God -under ' a -consciousness of ; weakness. - The Lord'would never* strengthen, them until they were weak. They must-empty them- selves right ont before he would lill them, ? Aod when they came to that point where they felt they could nothing apart 'from His divine power/ then He would say, " These are instruments fitted for my work, and I' »ill ase them."''It'was'his solemn aonviotion! that God used every Christian man np to the very point-to which be was capable of being med. There «»re cir tun things whioh prevented God from ming some of them, besaure they would grow proud if hemed them, or ber cause already they had So ranch self-oonooit that if He were to give them-suooeis theywoud be almost se' blown, up1 with it as- to burst and- disappear from the Christian church. . And aime : Christians.'were! suob sel Uah men evea in their- religion that He. oould 'not donny mighty, works with them because of their, unboltef and. beoausa of their iain. They needed' to' begin by confessing their unfitness,, by. asking God to .bring them down. :.Tbo storm m'ght break upon -the bill top, But;the ahtavei of eora, must ba roaped In'tho, valley. Hs know that, like other .Christian denomi- nations;, the .Baptists . .were not always so behind-hand... as it . would- . bo. well if they, were in tho matter ef self-oongratnlation and. boasting. ; If they i were humble before God, and ; oiied to him then .they would have a blessing. . When they bad got to'that state,, as by God's gr.ee he hopol they would, the ntxt thing,-was to keep thoroughly awake. lt was hard!to keop men awake-he did not mean.the Welsh people,: ? ' ut, some. Engliabmea. .. (Applause.) He hod heard'of. a person who bad taken a deadly drag, ;aud.if that, person , slept ho mu.t die. Therefore they had to keep him,¿wake by welkins; him up and1 down; the room) -and eren .by atioking. pina into him. ) 'lhere: were some, Christians who. bad to be kept awake:by., sticking., pita, into them :e'very.Sunder, and very lung .pins too, some of theta: ; and some of them,' he thought, would beer to- be; stuck aa full as a pincushion betöre' they would wake u¡», : ([.slighter.) Sometimos belia*-, certain .men gat ooo eye open, and he s_id " That wilt .do's, he i, hos i one : eye opon." Hut while he' was . trying; »t the o.aer, that one . shut' again, n>id - b»ok the man weut into the sams kind bf »lumber. Ho miam br that that whilst: they! weird' wide enough awake ofter, the world and , after| gain, they were not wide, enough ?>*.>'«. to.wio souls for Christ. Jingle » guinea in some people's ears so gently, thal:soiree a .mousa'could bear it;'and: they would bo up and after it ; bul let tbelsDnl pry with, a ory that I might snake even the bottomless »iit,| their, heart wn3 as.stone to lt-callous and indifferent .to lt-, oitd they, not'wnrdllnge, but professing Oliristians, Ihey were hot: awake, '; -There waa no doing, any, good- ia adah an age as thia-unless dt were redbot good. ' - lt! was. the best way .to put the pitoh: on .bot, ana ¡it waa the best way, also, to put on the gospel bot if it were to. stick to. » man's Kool, He had heard brethren make speeches 'in whiobi tb'orei wasrlittle or nothing in tho' way ¡bf' matter, lind yet how they bad ', stirred ' peuplé up. .One brother spoke-with suoh demonstration and power tbat .be brok« a ¿hair." Ho'did ¿ot rèopm .mond . snob,'' demonstration.' and'.power- as' that (láághter)-but still even that waa better than that' there should' be anything like ' sleepiness.) " Hsar, hear;/ He had beard that,red-hot shot would ¡often peketr'ati whéro the, ¿»ol' »hgt wold Sod no,way) and [ fi» belioveu^fwas ro iii 'the'pulpit:" Fire" waa tho'greál" thing. " The God that an »Weroth bj fire, let him be Gol.*' But let hiea add, he waa quite- aure tire would not Jo unless they had a very clear, lucid explanation to sive of the Gospel; and knew- how to bring that constantly oat befor* the people. It was well enough they should have the most exoellent miuiiters they eould got, but all the 'learning ooght t*> help them to become moro «imple, and all tho contributions they got from soienoo should all bo laid at the foot of tho cross. He bsd nothing to live for, if ho waa God "a norvant, but tn nroaeh Christ: and though he would road tbe olassios and wish to bo scholarly! and though he would read the pools and Iike"~tô"g»rnish his speech sometimes .with their -beantios,.and though ho . would, study mathematics 'and -would not bo behind-hind in seien tiüo learning, yet nono oí these for their own aako, none of these for h¡B own sako ODght ho- to learn, bnt all for Christ and the salvation of Bonis.. .It.would- be a good day when they could siy as ministers everything they did would'ba for Christ, and all their doiire was to lay up knowledge for the good of their people. ! A Yorkshireman; excusing himself ? for not-attending ohuroh in the. ovening, said he never, went at nighta because ho could not stand it'inoro than 'once a jdyy ; arid whoa asked why. ho said, '5 Well; our minister ts a muff," and compared bim to à mill which, going roànd on Sundays without any com to grind, went elicka tty olaek, iclioketty olaok. : (Langhter.>| Their minister, bo said, hod got into such ».way bf going on that- be could not stop himself until the timo was up, arid'so be, went on oliokbtty olaok,. olicketty claok. (Renewed laughter.) "Yon .know," the Yorkshireman said, "ho ain't a grinding.aaythiBg ; ;therer is nothing in itali. . Ho has got In. th» habitat going on," and) ho does go on ; butnotbin'gooniès of it, and ' that Is what iQillbetDg a muff." Tner klb'gdótn1 of. Christ'would never be advanced by that' kind'of thing,, and,yet it was. hot tho moat uncommon i thing in-the: whole world: . Ministors must make up their minds that they would preach botter," If they preaohod tho'best they knew they must learn moro; and if they had attained unto some degree of suooess they must forget what they had attained unto asd; press on- to' something; yet beyond ; for if the kingdom.of, Christ was to, bo spread, Very muoh depended upon the ministers being qulókoned tn. all rèspeots in the work of ;tbe ministry; The Welsh churches furnished a considerable proportion' bf.mom-, bera to the English churbties. through the constant progress of immigration. Wight ho ask them, with the deepest affection and reipsot,-to soe as muoli os ever they.conld to the d!solphno~of ' the .ohuroh ? '.They did ' not obmplain' of > their' churches , aa they might'./exist,- but' .'tho :lmd to ! com. plain that ? . sometimes : Welshmen in london were very different from Welshmen among tho hills . that, although they might bo Very useful members of their own chúróbes, they did suooomb very terribly to the temptations of Loa Jon. Wh ether or not thia indi cate'l that there muat. have beçn sorao of them uucon verted, or whether they were simply baokiliders, he left to bi's brethren to judge'. But they must ba very scrupulous about tbelr membership. : He osuld not advise'that sorhpulonsness whioh somo had advised, to keep people waiting a long time. '.Ho did not see what good was got by that. But there should bo the. moat thorough .examination, and then the most perfect dis- ciplino they' could get in their: churches ; for, he believed an unholy ohuroh was worse than' no ohuroh, just ns'tho very best church when living-.was1 the worst! when, dead- like ,tho man who, though the best in his . family,. ;as soon., as ho. died, what-oonld they do with hin» bnt bury him ;out of their sight; justas there "was" nothing in the world which stank eo horribly in the eves af Sod asi- the thing'whioh waa onee.»;chnrob, but .what was it now Î It was- now the Tory. sink .bf hell, Ho meant the Church of. Home," (Applause^)' ' If,any of; their churches got into an unholy state, nothing could do so ¡ mush mischief to Wales as the very ohuroh whioh ought to bavo been the: means .of doingj the most gool, j He had been very much painedjlately to 'see that amongst some Dissenting oburqbes in Wales.' on'several' occa- sions, lotteries had been got ap for tho building «F their ohapeK He 'believed' this to be a mr>st shameful and oryingevil-"(heir,' he«r,V 'and applause)-gambling for: tho glory of Sod. Tho soldiers »t tho.foot of the orosa who oast lots for Christ's garments knew no. better, 'and let them- trust' they, 'wero' ¡fer given. Bat these ' oburohe's knew hitter, aid under" the pretonco 'of tho- spreed . of; the Redeemer's kingdom'.,encouraged, not only, through Wales, but broadcast throughout all, England, tho prinolple of gambling, 'which was'so horrible that he know not in . what tornu to describo it. He bid two . tickets' sent io him for a.'lottely in connection with one pf the Baptist chapels, iwhioh he sent'to the .Home -'ecretary.. (A. voice oa the' platform ; " Teat was an 'English. *oVapel."J,:,It' wai in' Wales. ' He' did not know 'whether they 'were English or who they might bel (Laughter.)-! The association ought to takeoogbissnoe of enqh- proceedings. : That was wby.be mentioned it. -Whether, they ¡happened;.to ibo .English or Welsh, ho thought the associa»ion oughttotak-cognisance af it Since the 'time' 'faa-,-sent 'those',' tickets .to! the Home -Secretary--' ho Would'1 "cheerfully ; |h*ve spent' .alt I .the- . money-.'he had- '.to ' pat . donn ?ooh)"av - nefarious |. system.! -When the Roman Catholics berried out - the lottery system; il was bad enough ;. but when the Baptist* 'did lt hs must speak' ? vory plainly, in'the hope that the association would turn out -every ch uro h that did it...'How oould jftley expoct God's blessing on,euch a practice ? Ho was no nnn»oessary fault-finder, , He, liked eooentrio.; methods. -any'metrbd by which aopd óould ba dono ; but-Ho did not1 liko them't» Infringe any Christian prinoi,Ie. 'And how could they tnach their' ohuroh members' that they,.should not covet, when .thia uambi-'ng. wis an encouragement to covetousness on tho; largest sóale f They must purge themselves from these sins, or else - they would go to tko battlo weak enough: Well, then, suppo«ng them to be humbli»,;: quickened, awakened, full of fire, full of Christian* matter/and,determined to preaoh the gospel, and have a living church,--what was to come of it Î They must, hate a.revival of. religion. The Archbishop of Southwark- had issued ari 'admoni- tion to all tho Popish'ohurchoj to pray for his Holiness; .tho Tópe, who was getting: into low water/ | The prie'ti of Baal bad sot up their >!t»r;: let thom ont themselves with .knives ; lat. thera . go through !th»Ir penances; lot them'pray as they,would--ho: felt naif inclined to say to thom,' " Cry aloud to the yirgln, and may she help 'you, and 'ranch good'may .you get out of it but let-Christians'set np their altar! and if there wéro one' Elijah in. the band who know how to Intercede with God, that ¿ne. Elijah might stand. by the al tar'and 'say, "Tho God that ansverotb'by Gre, let bim be God, and bi*'faith be justified.''' ' And if one Elijah, could do this, and i ¡afterwards cover tbs heavens with doods, io that thero, iras an abnndsnco of rain,"what,, might they not, oxjieot if every man and woman throughout England should j in' in prayer on.' ". that particular day, and should -cry auto God with one'. ' exceeding mighty .ory,.M0:Go3. make barb thine'arm, and .visit. thy ohnrohes. a»d . let the blessing como ?!' Would ho rotoso thom ? . Had ho eror rofused them ? 'Wo'nld he deny thens?'" Was 'lt possible, jwhen ? they ; sought: bia1 glory -' hnmVly ' ' and,!' Simply, ? and: wiih no! motive ' but the extension of His truth end tho glory of his name,: that he would shpt, heaven's door .against . them ? j Oh, tnlght that day 'see' them all on their' knees', arid he wai sure lt would see'God'pnlllng' np the windows of Jseaveri and pouring a blessing on them, Ob; if God would but bless them; ¡if- their .Fothsr who -wss in 'heaven, ,vroold bat make them feel what they professed. tobolloTo ; if Ho would .make tlut '.reul, to .them Whioh wks'often in tho creed but noi iii'the heart ; 'If He would help them'to weep ovor thoir dear friends and relatives who wero not saved, if bo wbuld'helpi them to make , it a aolemh,matter of prayer,tbat ,He would] bless i their, neighbours and their townsmsn ; '»nd if He would'make them orv ' because'- they ' had' » terrible, burden' upon them,1 there, would bo bopo for England. It iras very, customary to say at oll tihies.that; wo .wero.ll'slng in n crisis,. He supposed every,;d»y was a erials of a eerUin. .sort;' butif they would step t^owrintoalarga propoitiori bf tho ohurobes of the Epiioopaliari scot they, wonld, .fled'them-- heathens;"worshipping their;''stocks and stones, for it was little better. ' Only tho'last ¡week', »Dd ;-tho week- ,before,' if, they ,'bad,. gone I into hundreds of churches tboy would, haye sten^ them, 'giriilshed' abd deôkëd -but .so that they ,would j haye' believed' them to be flower,shows,,arid 'would heVor bavé conoeived «hat they were plaoea- for-tho worship br God, j.They, >ouId:,:b»ve: seen- mummories performed whioh would: have, disgusted, their sires,-and. which, would make them feel like Oliver Cromwell ' when he dásKedi hts hkt downWnd Said, «Why| I'have hoard flstiI?üpBry at Sr. Paul's ;Oross."'.'Peoplo how j were quite pleased with that eort ol'thing.:; Tho «turoeoáles ol' the serpent; were so, beautiful th it .they had taught them to' put' their hands,ob - the liolo, of'the asp and play' sit tho cockatrice's doo,' hhU England seemed t J bo, p-rfeotly- bewltohe'd''witU> tho - ¿ld ' Jejisbfll. 1 ' (Loiid opplauss.) 1 The fiot.waa.there bad been long patience wi(b this - national church ; ofptus, and:, thero. bad been true lo'vo'between,tho, dissenters and th« godly th.it,;, and In ' the days when the' ItevblntiAu happened, »nd James offered Iberty^td' tho dissenters, it wet nb mean .thing for thom to.:say oLtbiir sireB, that whsn they believed" thot" Popery would ba benefited by it they* would not accept that liberty, but they Joined heart, and «on! with the ovangelioil party of tho churoh and aaved England then. (Applause.) Thora had boen no» Kratitulo for that. (Hear, hoar.) Their return badi been a long aérien ofoppre-slon arid intuit,: and lUtlar elae; and now the ovaugi-lioals oriodiu vaia fur help In thoir distress. The little evangelical party migho «av, " Will you holp ns?" Thoir reply wonld-ba. "No ; if you wore trne nnd came out, we won'd re-eivo . jou as our most oarnest and loving brethren. (Loud, applause.) As long asyou remain in the communion of the Established Church it is no interest of ours what becomes of yon. If you will still persi at in keep inga in communion with the , abominations bf than ohuroh yon must take the oonscquences as before Qed you will bo: responntblo for them." But it was aa. awful 'thing, it was dreadful to bolievo that tho vhalltjr ofthat ohuroh noir seemed to bi coin? not towirda modérate Roraini-m but towards thorouah-bred Popery. ., In fact, in some respects they evon excelled the Papists,' arid the cry of Christians' should novçbev " doletida ott Carthago."- It must bo destroyed, nob reformed. They did not go now for the abolition ot ohurch .rates and the reform " of tho Prayer.-Book? they worö indifferent to the whole thing. Thoywent for the sweeping of lt utterly nwiy, because it bad;.! terned unto that abomination of desolation-the anti» . christ of Rime. (Applau-e.) They might perhaps- - think he spoke somewhat: too strongly J but if he could, pit them down in the midst of some of their; Lori don churches arid let thoth smell tho incense andi see tba gandy, processions, and mark tho bonding before gods of bread whioh thoy put upon the altar, they'would feel they must come down altogether. (Applause.)-. How welt tho Reformation went on nnder Myrtia. Luther until' kings (hmo in to' help it. Tho king's . hand was said to cure the scrofula or king's evil ; har. believed it gavo it. (Hear, bear, nod applause.) Aa -, soon as over tho king touched the reformation», the reformation ceased. - It nover went further-»>? it could not ; it was impossible.1 ' Thoro' - waa. another reformation in the. days of Ol ivor Crom» oil» but that reformation was Vrry mOoh aohieved by car- nal '.weapons. He deplorad the : faot that men who. loved Cod to well evor took- sword and pistol In-henaV at all. ' The next reformation must be by the olear», sheer force of tho Holy Ghost's powor, onrnest'pmyer,k .and tho ! faithful'preaobing ot the Word: of God. Though be thought they must uee all political nJeansv as oitiso'ns;1 yet as'"Christians ,thls ' was-; theirroblef " moans, arid they might rest assure I that tho old bat- tering ram of tho Gospel,-whioh shook the walls oE heathóitisfn, though;,it was hoary with ase, arid hiede-, them ooma tottering down ia one colossal ruin, .would shako the walls of Antichrist, and make thenv.oomer down to\ (Applause.) .It was a part of patriotism to denounoe that which would lead them back to Popery it was a,part of their. ''Christianity.,' not only to preach, < truth but to denounce error. . He urged them by their love of soals to spread abroad the Gospel, by -their lovo of Christ to spread that Gospel lovingly, by thole - hatred of everything which touched the crown jewels of Christ, whioh set up any king but Jesus in the.ohuroh... whioh. brought out any law but the Bible, and whiola woiild teaoh them tb trust in anything but tho pre oiouB blood,.to rely on anything, but the finished work : .of the, Saviour ; by" their hatred of these to be instant in season .and out bf soason j to let their testimony bat .bold,- oloir, strong,' united, consistent, honest, and true. In confusion,- he-prayed that tho heart of Wales... might be touched hythe hand bf God's Spirit, and give forth auch words ' as had not bees ' heard for many,.* .a day ; that the Lîrd ..would grant that her mountains might drop with the wine of His Spirit, and her;liitl» hills melt with * the benediptiou of His presence ; thatc- her very valleys might run with the milk.of the gospel,, and her high hills drop with the honey: of Iii« graoov, (Loud applause.} ,. .',' ' Tn8 GOUBTEBAKB Off- PAMS.-Siooo M. Garebler bought Gerome's' ploture of " Phryne before, the). Judges", every oho in London may have"the occasion to aon tompiate one.ot tho combs "of the decline and fall of the Roman .empire. , .At Paris they might seat Phryne in the flesh.before, the judges. The other dav- it was the foir.Leonido Leblanc, who was stied by her cora-cutter. Soma time previously .Cora ? Pearl waav srjod by her .lingera for shifts' and handkerchiefs, a dozen shifts at 1500 franoi each, and a dos»n handker- chiefs at SOO franca-£00 for a shift, and £20'for av handkerchief I Some s »y that this was what in Eng- land is oatled " a "friendly suit,'' ¡n.tltnted by the lady that the , world might know that the shifts ta whioh sha was reduced obst. £60 osoh. , On Tuosday Adele Courtois was. sued by ber writing master; bat. the most plqasnt of all these prooos will be the aotioo. whioh' ia brought by tho ctleb-atcd ooúrtesan , Julia. Barnool ag»'nat the P*oha ef'.Egypt, His highness, had: invited -ber. to' pass-tome time with bim at his palace. Rho accented'his hospitality on oonditjon oE his making her a life annuity, pf £2000, , The money was paid ivgularly for three-years, £1009 half- yearly; but the paobaha* become wearv of these pvvraents, aedt. his ceased taenmow "altogether. The lady claims her bond; tho' paohn pleads1 Immoral consideration-» olaim whioh the Fronob tribunals ore always disposed, lo admit, for they are very hard upon the Booialeiil.. Another prinoe, bo of Crony 'Chanel, is bu bis trial for s'ealing 177,000-franoa from the Comptoir des Che- mins de For. Ilia higbnoss ia so indignant that hs hast bolted to Italy.' He would not condescend to take his trial for robbery. Ho who robs'and "runs away mar - live tb rob another day; The oh tr goa against tho prince, will probably; involve his" condemnation, .whioh will, exaspérate "him" all the-mor*. The lorottos and the prinoes give a great deal of work to the tribunals now a-days. It is some timo since the . Princo do Ho g wat .condemned to two years' Imprisonment for Bloating the counters at the iJookey Clnb; but-onlyfa fevc months past a Russian prince was arraigned before the 8th Tribunal for swlndling-an English gentleman ia Paris. , .-,." ? . 7 ... A GBOTTO TO DB REMEUBKBKD.-On the flank-'of tl . . Maritime Alp«, near the 'village, of .Castiglione, hos. long been: known aa opening ia tho faae' of the rock, giving cn tran co tb a vast grotto; - To approach this there was no road or path» and yet it showed evidontt trace' th* t th» hand of tann had" modified, the work of. na'ure. Some short..time since three Englishmen de- termined tamiko .an,attempt,at.exploring it, and*,, taking advinlage of '.tho '(lumea and' projections of th s raak, one of them1 reached the omening, und, lowering a cord, assisted the, two others to mount. In the mid- dle of tho grotto they found ,a large oirouUr hole, and onebf them, attaobing the rope io himself, descended. At the depth of about forty yards he landed in another large cavo,._but, as ¡in the Tormer o>»o, With the cir- cular apertura in the centre. Determined to continuo his exploring, - ha was obliged to get one of his friends: to descend to tho second cave .to lo »er hint to the',third'" which being! done, he found, nt á depth' of about sixty yardsorepstition of tbo^ airaumstcinaes, bat was pro» vented from desoondlng any far-her, os, tho cord was not long' enough," and they tbon roturnod in the earn» rrianriorto their cbmpaiiioO-in.the -firat grotto.: This oavern is aupposi'd to have served as à rosting-plaoo to the liorJesol Saracens,who in remoto ages ravaged the. Mediterranean, boast.-Galignanl. . A» , EniTuntÁt. : putt, - A duel took plaoe'at the wood pf ; Viilcenues between two . Parlaiaa. Journailstj, M. Onplesaie a'nd.W|.JÍe,Eonv¡elle. The seoonda of the" latter gentleman were tho Viscount da Pull and II» Glemont Hoverrióls, rind for Mi Duplssals, M. Armand Gonrjein and , Viscount, de bara. They fought with. ? swords; and a nntribe'r of *>a-aes having; beeb exobanged without, any result, the j seconds interfered,., and in- sisted on tho champions shaking li and a. "I have never heard," says! a correspondent, ''that any parti- cular.klad oí-Sword-is manufactured far journalists tot fight, with but. there, is a ourrent story, that special inuoou lut bullets are made for their uso. Duels are. more frequent between Jiiurnalistt than- any'othor clase, pf French fodety.; Indeed,'but . for tho auaoop'ibility of .publia writers, duelling would bo almost as obsolete in Eranoe at it is in. EngUnd. I In the army it is soa,oely. eyer heard .of, although even privsto soldier« mty obtain leave to fight. Without any special re- ference to tho affair of to-day of;which I know nothing-, I s'erious'y cannot holp suejxjoting. that a great many journalista' duol'a are: ndrort'uoiiionts for tha parties engaged:: .,. , l.: v- i ' ... . Î IÍ/'DI.VINATIO'N." FOR . IOIIJ.-At a recent meeting ot tbs sjcieiyjfor.lho Advancement of boionco and Art av gentleman interested in oil wells in Western Virginie, said that there are men who mike a bntsinoss of lind» ling oil by, divination, and ' who: find plohty of mea who pty themjloss. This etatbroent gavo'rfss to some disouss.on: about finding w»ter. . It was said- that deer and some other animals will'dig'for water, and that iu very hot weasher the evaporation from tho ground 1st perceallblo in a tremulous appearance ul' tho air Uko fron» stoves..It was also asid that, in excessively dry weathers air takon oloso toitbo suifaaeofthe ground and exposed to refrigeration mlgüt yield more or 1-ss water, accord-, iug to tba moisturo it bsd just' taken from the ground,, and. tba quin ti ty of moisture, might depend oa viens of water under th» Burfaoe at aomo depth. In the samo) way, llif wa»,surgMt»d; a/trace of oil vapor.might. I lound ia the air vhsa oil ls near tho aurfaoo. 