THE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? ? ♦ ' — We are indebted to Captain T. B. Watson, of the olippor ship Macduff, for files of London' papers to the 3rd of October, extracts of wbioh will be found in another column. The vessel made a most excellent passage of sixty -nine days from London, being the quiokest of the present season. By way of Sydney and Cali fornia, we have still later European tele graphic news to tho 15th of October, the most interesting itom3 being tho official an nouncement by the Times of tho contemplated resignation o£ Earl Derby and the spread of Fenianism, a rising in Limerick being appre hended. The telegrams from Italy mention two engagements between the insurgents and the Papal troops. The former are preparing to march on Rome, whilst the Pope contem plates flight into Bavaria. It is o xpecled the King of Italy will proclaim Homo part of tho Italian kingdom. The announcement of the death of the lad Cross, who was shot in the late Protestant Hall outrage, will be received with general regret by the public. He died last evening at five o'clock. The depositions of the boy were not taken, ns the medical attendants, Drs. Reese andRudall, considered it would bo highly dangerous to him. An inquest will be held upon his body this day, at eleven o'clock. The gentlemen nominated to represent tho Victoria Rifles in tho forthcoming intercolonial rifle match with New South Wales, took their departure yesterday, by the A.S.N. Company's steamer Alexandra. They were accompanied by Major Hall, and amongst others present to wish them speed wore Colonel Reid, Colonel Andei'son and Captain Sprent. The Gipps Land papers say the Bute of Edinburgh has signified liia intention of re maining in the colony until the 1st February next, and to live for the lost three weeks in re tirement. During this poriod ho purposes vi siting Gipps Land incognito, but the oflicials pretend to know nothing of the matter. Hig Worship the Mayor notifies that ho has received between 500 and GOO applications for invites to tho fancy dross liall in excess of the distribution agreed upon by the City Council, and he respectfully expresses his regret that he is unable to accede to the request of his cor respondents. It was generally rumored in Melbourne yesterday that Mr Wardrop had again taken flight, not liking the appearance matters had taken in relatiou to the Secaud Richmond Building Society. The time given him for restoring the books of tho society having ex pired, aud the order not having been com plied with, a fresh summons was taken out against him, but the parties were unable to sorve it, owing to his absence from town. Tho visit of the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale to Ade laide, with a view to tho promotion of the wiue-growing interest of South Australia, has already been productive of somo result. At a meeting of wine-growers held in Adelaide on the 7th hist., Dr. Blcasdulo delivered an in structive lecture, which was followed^by a dis cussion, and a motion for the appointment of a committee to draw up a memorial to the Go vernment of South Australia, urging the neces sity of negotiating with the Govarnment of Victoria for the introduction of wine duty free. The proceedings of the meeting are reported in another column. A meeting of the inhabitants of Fitzroy was held at the court house, last evening, to con sider in what way funds should be raised for the purpose of giving a treat to the children of the borough, in commemoration of the visit of H.R.H.the Duke of Edinburgh. The Mayor, Mr Michael, presided. A motion was moved, '?to the tfl'ect that a committee bo appointed to collect subscriptions, upon which an amend ment was proposed that the council should veto a sum sufficient to defray tho expenses connected with the fete. Tho motion and the amendment wexe ultimately ?withdrawn in faTor of * proposition mored by Mr Jones, M.L.A., that a com mittee be appointed to arrange for the collec tion of funds, with the view of an application being afterwards mado to tho borough council and the Royal Cammission for further pecuniary aid. This motion was carried. Mr Gilchrist, town- clerk, was elected secretary ; and Cr. Rushall, Gertrude-street, treasurer. The sum of £11 13s 6d was subscribed before the meet ing separated. A numerous committee was appointed, aad it was also decided that tho feta should bo given at the local cricketing {reserve. Wo haTa uuthority for stating that M. Chevalier, the artist, accompanied the Prince during ? his tour in the Western district as special artist to tko Illustrated Australian News, aid was not engaged in this capacity by his Eoyal Highness, as intimated by a con temporary. Captain Dane, the late member for Warr nambool, offers himself as a candidate for Brighton, in opposition to tho AttorneyGene ral at tho next general election. He announces himself as desirous of furthering 'the best interests of the eelony,' which consist, in his opinion, in opposing the Ministry and tho grant to Sir Charles Darling. The South Australian Advertiser, in calling attention to the exodus of colonists to Albury, and explaining the causes to which it ia at tributable, quotes the following jjgja fa0 Majorca and Carisbrqji. ti'Mependent of 30th July :— :'-xs Ine Legislative Assembly, on Thursday, Mr Longmora drew the attention of tho Minister of Land to tho fact that a person named Davey had become pos sessod by transfer of 518 acres of land taken up by ten other parties nnder the 42nd section of tho Land Act, 1855, and asked if such proceeding was in accordance with the spirit of the act. Mr Grant explained that Davey was tho father of a large family of song, and mode application for tho transfers in on open way, baoked by the recommenda tion of trustworthy persons, and had given proof of his bona fides in spending £1000, or equivalent to £2 per acre, on the land he had become possessed of ; he had also paid £103 as rent, and more had been paid fortransfers.;The case appeared to him ene that justified his making the concession. Although the regu lations were silent as to the number of leases to be issued to one individual, the concession was one which came within tho spirit of the regulations.' In explanation, the Advertiser says: — 'Mr Davey is a South Australian, ahordworking man, with a family of sons, who loft this colony fivo years ago, and now owns in Victoria 1000 acres of fini-class land, of which ho has under crop bcetween 600 and 700 acres. Could any man with a email capital do as much her* ? Could any oae in South Australia with, say £1000 at his com mand, hope to set himself up in a freehold of 500 acres, with aomethingleft in hand to stock and ? work it ? If ssi, our land system is utterly unsuited to competo with the new systems of our rival neighbers, and we must expect to see a continual migration from our territory of the most valuable, hard-working and persevering of our population. It is abso Iately essential to our progress that land should bo' easily attainable by the agriculturist ; it is upon this we must mainly rely if we wish fc attract population.' In tho Insolvent Court, yesterday, his Honor the Chief Commissioner gave judgment ia the estate of Martin and Monash, suspending tho isBne of tho certificate for twelvo months, on the grounds the.tthe insolvents had been guilty of conduct not becoming mercantile men. ? We understand that the Melbourne and Hob son's Bay Railway Company contemplate enacting a by-law to operate on the pernicious practice of gotting through the windows o£ railway carriages. ? An inquiry into the conduct of corporal Curnow and sergeant Dupe, at Ballarat, during tho Prince's reception thore, has been com menced at Geelong. . The funeral of the late Mr Robert Gibson, manager of the Commercial Bank, Geelong, took place yesterday, and was; attended by an unusually large number of carriages containing the Mayor, members of the corporation, all the bank managers, and the leading men of the town. The banks clesed at two o'clock. The deceased was interred in tho Eastern Ceme tery. The Rev. George Goodman officiated, first at Christ Church, to which the body was conveyed, and afterwards at tho grave. We are informed there is no truth in the re p»rt that the manager of a local bank has been offered a twelvemonth's leave of absence, or that his connection with the management is likely soon to terminate. Mr Tullooli, of Geelong, requests us to stato that ho did not, as reported, threaten to dis charge one of his assistants if ho went to an in quest ; and that his own refusal to pay the fine for non-attendance was because, when called upon to attend, neither the time nor place of holding the inquest was named. Tho Queensland Daily Guardian ol 'Wed- nesday, 4th December, Bays : — ' A telegram .has beon received from the Governor of Victo ria by Sir George Bowen, and has bsen cour teously placed at our disposal by his Excel lency. It states that ' it may bs taken for granted that tho Duke of Edinburgh's visit to Brisbane will be for about seven days, and will tako place between tho 14th January and the 1st March.' Further details will be sent here after.' The funcral of Mrs George Loder, better known as Miss Emma Neville, took place at Adelaide, on Friday, 6th December. Her re- mains were interred in West-terrace Cemetery. Eight or nine vehicles formed the procession, including two mourning coaches, which con- tained the bereaved husband and several of the friends of the deceased. The officiating minis- ter was the Very Rev. Dean Farrell. The full court will sit in its Equity Appel late and Matrimonial jurisdiction at eleven o'clock to-day, but the list is not to be pro ceeded with, and the court will adjourn until ten o'clock on Monday morning. The divorce case of UUithome v. Ullithorne will then be proceeded with. The Italian Opera Company, which arrived at Sydney from Lima per mail steamer Mataura, intend giving a series of operas there. The prima donna is Signora Yda Vitali ; second prima donna, Marinette Colombo ; tenor, Signor Hugo De Voti; baritone, Guiseppe Bertolini ; basso, Signor Pietro d'Antony. This company made a very successful stay of about seven months in Lima, where they produced some of the most popular operas, viz. : — ' The Barber of Seville,' 'Don Pasquale,' 'Attila,' 'Elisire d'Amore,' 'Figlio di Regimenta,' ' Fosca,' ' Masaniello,' ' Sonnambula,' ' Trovatore,' ' Traviata,' ' Norma,' 'Lu- cia,' '' Bal Masque,' ' Rigoletti,' &c;, &c;, giving in all eighty representations. The com- pany also performed with success at Milan, Venice, Padua, Genoa, Naples, Turin, Pa- lermo and Florence, where honors were be- stowed upon the prima donna, Madame Yda. Vitali and Signor Jose Bertolini., It is stated that Mr W. Lyster, when acquainted with the arrival of this company, telegraphed at once, urging them to delay making anyarraugernenta till he should arrive from Melbourne and they acceded to his request, but their terms are said to be so high as to preclude the possibility of an engagement in Melbourne. The Government Gazette notifies the ap- pointment of Mr John Aikins to be judge of the Gipps Land Court of Mines, and to act as deputy of Judge Brawer at the Court' of Mine* in the same district, to;be held at Sale on the 17th inst., and to act as deputy of Juclge Brewer at tho sittings of the CounfckCgjgt of . Sale on the 16ih inst. ? ', ' Applications for mining leases have oeea mads to tho department of Mini by the follow ing parties:— M. Herbert, Eldorado Plain* Deep Sinking Company, Beschwerth, about four miles below the Eldorado township ; the Eclipse Amalgamated Gold Mining Company (registered), Gipps Land, Walhalla ; W.Randell, Sons of Gomer Gold Mining Company, Mary borough, Rocky Flat, near Talbot ; Tho Dako of Edinburgh Quartz Mining and Pumping Company (limited), Pyrenees- i£eef, Redbank ; J. Rodger and others, Union Beef, Kingovror j W. Fesenfold, the Fairfield Mining Consporiy (mineral), silver, Stewart's hill, St. Aroaud . T. W. R. Benbow, Sandhurst, Ckerrvtree-hill, Coy's Diggings. A firo broke ont at Smeatou oa Wednesday morning, about ten o'clock, and, although overy possible exertion was made to arrest the progress of tho J3amoS[ jOBV -5oUage3 were burut tg ih* ground in about half an hoar i-om the first alarm. Mr Hepworth and family left tho house about nine a.m. for the purpose of going to see tho Regatta at Lake Learmonth, and tho firo broke ont about an hoar afterwords. The cottages destroyed, with the exception of Hepworth's, wero the proporty ef Mr Dockery, who is the principal loser by the fire. He esti» mates his Io3s nt abouls £300. Mr Hepworth has also lost from £250 to £SO0, not an article of clothing, nor in faofc anything irit&ini;' th© konso being saved. ' Tho judges appointed by the Castlemwne Agricultural and Horticultttrd Sotiety, and by the'hon. S. 'II. Bindon,. a-e» yesterday, and agreed, although not: unanimously, to award the hon. S. H. Bindon's prize of £10 10s to Mr John Sheldon, Sandy Creek. ; . From tho result of inqiuries last evening wo (Tarrengowev Times) find that nothing fur ther had been heard from the Post Office authorities relative to tho missing registered letter containing ft £10-note, tke property of Mr Trocke. A motion in favor of a farther Parliamentary grant to Mr Hairgreavos, tho discoverer of gold,' was recently taUed in the. Sydney Legislature, but fell to the ground for V»nt of a seconder. We understand, says tke Star, a deputation froui Ballarat East lately»#itted on Mr Keogh, of tho arm of Messrs ff.' and M. Keogfc, of Melbourne, and requested him to become a candidate for thntcbastmency at the approach ing general election. Mr Keogh repliei.that bis business engagements wonld prevent him from complying' with tl&reqnest; of the, depu- tation on tho present ocj^jlloni,but that possibly at some, future opportunity, be Would, if re quested, be able to comply with their wishes. . The non-commissioned officers and privates of tho Boridigo VolonteW ? Rifies presented a : subscription sword to CStit. G.' P. Jiseph. it their orderly-room, Bandigo,' on Thursday. The. . sword presented is of London manufacture, the scabbard being of 6teel and thickly coated -with silver, chased at'; intervals in a very elaborate' manner. The blade is of highly polished steol, and from point to hilt one mass^ of beautifully embossed work on either side. Jt, has a chased badgb and ivory gripe inlaid with silver, with a heavy silver knot. It was manufac tured by the makers of tho sword presented to Lord Runelagb, at the Brighton Bayienr. The inscription engraved on the sword is as follows : — ' Presented to Captain G. P. Joseph, by the non-commissioned officers and privates of tho Bendigo Volunteer Rifle Corps, on the occasion of his promotion to the rank of captain, as a mark of their esteem and regard. Sandhurst, 12th December, 1887/' On Thursday night, about ten o'clock, two men, named Chas. Oats and Jno. Harris, were arrested at Ballarat, on a charge of having committed a violent assault on an elderly man, namo unknown. Tho man was so seriously injured that he was afterwards convoyed to the hospital, where, on inquiry at a late hoar, it was ascertained that he was thought to be in a dangerous state. Ho was insensible, and appeared in great pain, suffering from a severe scalp wound and in juries about £ho body. An I.O.U. for a pound, dated 9th December, and signed ' Jas. Mars den,' was found in his possession, which will doubtless lead to his identification. Mr Candler held an inquest yesterday, at tho Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, on the body of an imoato named Henry Dora, a German, who had been in custody in tho institution since May, 1665. On the 28th November lost the deneased was attacked with paroxysms of violence when touched or disturbed in any way. On the 2nd lust, the uts of violence ceased, and he was placed in tho hospital, where ho sank gradually, continuing speechless and comatose, and died on the 11th inst. Dr. Rudoll, whs imulo a post movtem. examination, deposed that death resulted from empyema, or purulent fluid on tho chest, and the jury found a verdict accordingly. The Brie Brie home station has been ap pointed a new polling place for elections within aud for the Chatsivorth riding of tho shire of Mouut Rouse. Mr Williams, M.L.A., paid a visit on Thurs day to tho Maldon Hospital, and generously promised a liberal donation to the funds of tho institution. Another shipment of six tons of regulns from tho Thomson River Copper Mining Com pany, Gipps Laud, has been received in Mel bourne this week. Tho lease of tho Seymour Bridge toll-gate for twelvo months has beea granted to Mr Mengher for a sum of £1250 ; and Mr Hanna has been the snccesstul tenderer for the lease of Avenel toll for the next twelve months, tho sum being £756. A few days since, Messrs Stewart and Ce., who aro employsd by a large Melbourne firm procuring wattle bark at the entrance to the Lakes, were burnt out. The party, it appears, on leaving their camp in the morning, incau tiously allowed a small fire to remain une.r.tin guished, and during their absence the grass around ignited, the result being the total de struction of the touts with all their contents of provisions, clothing, bedding, &a.; As might be sxpected, the men were subjected to no little inconvenience, as well as pecuniary loss, by the acoideut. At the City Police Court yesterday two fresh charges of embezzlement from his employer, Mr W. J. T. Clarke, were preferred against William M'Gaan, late bookkeeper. The pri soner had received a cheque for £5'6 Gs 8d from Mr T. K. Bennet, and another for £3o from Mr Robert Byrne, auctioneer. He never ac counted for the cheques, and appropriated them, it was alleged, to his own use. Mr Edwards on belialf of the prisoner reBemtlJiis defence, an* stated that Kis tltent would have a foil answer to tho ebsrge on bis' trial. Mr Shirt covmittei the prisoner for trial, agreeing to ?eeept the same bail for his appearance as on the last oeouion,'end tire additional sureties ef £150 each. ? . Ia the District Court yesterday, Mr Hurtle Fisher appeared on eutamons, for assaulting Miss Fanny Riggs. Damages were laid at £20. A few days «ince the plaiatiff, in conse quence at some imagined grieiraHoe with the defeadant, drove out te his house at Richmond, tt tire o'clock in the morning. On arriving then she rank the bell,' «rid at the game time broke Borne panes of glass. The defendant then cftQte ont, and, according to her statement, gave her ' two black eyes.' The defendant positively alleged that ao assault was com aiitted, and that in trying to lift tho plaintiff inm the verandah into her carriage, she fell against a post, and receivodtho injuries com plained ef. The plaintiff was afterwards pro-. eeeded against at the Richmond Polico Court, and fined for breaking the windows, and she then took tho present proceedings. Mr Hac kett. considering the emouat of provocation given by the plaintiff to the defendant, dis missed the case without costs. 'We learn with regret,' says the Kilmore Free Press, ' that it is the intention of the Mimistei of Justice to remove ottr able and respected pe lice magistrate, Mr Akehurst, from amongst as. We are not aware what the reasons fur this step are, and we trust that we lia.Y6 been uiain.(qrr£g5. Daring ths period Mv Akeharst has been in the district, he has given the utmost satisfaction to all parties ia the per formance of his official duties, and has been identified in all matters concerning its inter ests. We understand a memorial is in coarse of signature to the Minister of Justice, re questing that honorable gentleman to recon sider his resolution with regard to Mr Ako huret's removal,, and have no donbt but that it will be numerously and inflaentially signed. ' Mr Akchurst has always been inde fatigable in attending to the various local courts, some of whioh are ? at a great distance from Kilmore, and are almost out of Teach of any other than a yeung man like him self.' .. A rather curious case of mistaken identity after death was revealed i» town within the last few days. On the morning of the 80th alt. a man was discovered lying ? in a laneway off Little Bourke-streat in soon a deplorable ? condition' of destitution and bodily suffering as to render his removal to the hospital necessary, where, soen after his admission, he expired. An inquest, which was reported ia our issue of the 4th inst. , was hold on the body, when several witnesses; after viewing the remains, identified them as those of a man named Henry C. Piesse, who they stated was once a parson of considerable means: One of the most at tached friends of the deceased in life, piously exhibited a precious relic in tho ' shape of a letter from the! deceased, and expressed his intention to - pre3erve it till the last' day. of -his life as a me meato of the departed. Dr. Moloney, who made a post mortem examination of the body, gate it ae his epinion that the immediate cmeo of death was disease of the lungs and kidneys from .want of proper attendance, amd the verdict of the jury was to that effect. tf ha' bedy of the man vras interred ; many a regret for his demise was expressed by those .who. knew him, and, often was a kind word dropped to his memory. However, a couple of days age' a female, who was one of those Trho identified the body at tho inquest, was surprise! on. meeting _ what, as she for a moment. thought! was the actual shade of her friend Piesse, haunting tho scenes of life. In half terror, half jbyi she rushed up to him, and shafrisg him by the shoulders, asked him was he dead or alive. She deemed she spoke but to his ghost, but he pledged her his honor he was not dead. The man, it appears, upon whose dead body the inqnest was thought to have been held is alive and well, and who the really deceased person was remains a mystery. . . Mr James Donnelly, late member of tho Mining Board, Beechworth district) was found, on Thursday last, drowned in Lake Moodeinere Ho lost his life in attempting to cross in a clumsy canoe, which overturned. The Daylesford Mercury says the Attornoy Geneial has declined to file a criminal informa tion against Mr George Patterson in tko name of the Crown, nud says Mr Johnson may, if ho see fit, proceed with the prosecution himself. This, was anticipated, the C«wn having, since the celebrated O'Farroll libel case, adopted this resolution. Tho basiness in the Equity Court yester day was unimportant. Two oases, Goodman v. Pratt (injunction), and Mulcnhy v. the Wal halla. Mining Company, -were set uown for hearing, but both fell through on preliminary objections ; the first, because the affidavit was dated before tho bill ; and the second, because the plaintiffs had omitted to include a neces sary party to their suit. The anxiety felt during the past week as to tho fate of a man named John Smith, a shoe maker, of YaiTam Yurrara, who has beon miss ing since Sunday week, was relieved on Satur day by the arrival of tho mailman from Rose dale, with the pleasing information that tho \ missing man had found his way to Baylis's station. It appears that the unfortunate man left his homo on horseback, with the inten tion of visiting Weodside — a. journey he hns been in tho habit of making for years, and always on the Sabbath — for the purpose of re turning the work he had done during tho week, as well as to obtain fresh jobs from the resi dents in that locality. From ^hc accounts we gather, says the Gipps Land Times, he had not proceeded far when his horse threw him, which, after a search of a few hours, he succeeded in finding ; and at the same time became nware that ho had strayed far out of his track, with nei ther food, matches, nor knife in his possession. Night closing in, he tsok tho saddle and bridle off his horaci, hobbled him, and lay down to sleep. In the morning the horse was again missing, when Smith, nothing daunted, shoul dered the saddle, and tenaciously kept posses sion of it during the whole of his subsequent wanderings, a well known idiosyncrasy of the mau, as somo days before the news of his safety arrived, it was remarked that if ever he should be found, whether alive or dead, he would bo sure to have the caddie with him. On the fifth day of his wandering, and without having tasted food of any kind sinco his de parture from Yarrnni Yarrara, ho fell in with a party of three men prospecting at the head of Merriman's Creek, who kindly relieved his ne cessities, anil placed him on the track for Rose dale. Strong search parties, numbering from forty to eighty horsemen, have been out daily sys tematically scouring the bush in all direc tions, and a black tracker obtained from the Mission Station, Ramah Yuk, to assist in the search, but who anived too late, reaching Alberton almost simultaneously with the news of the man's safety. Iu reply to an inquiry why he did not throw away his saddle he stated that it served him good purpose in pro tecting his arms aud breast from the prickly scrub he was obliged to force his way through, and judging from the state of his legs (which are very much lacerated, anil completely raw from the knee joints to tho (oes, and greatly swollen), he acted wisely. Although the news of tho man's safety was generally known in all the. townships travelled through by the mail man on Saturday night, still, through some mismanagement, tho news was net disseminated in time to stop a farther search party of some sixty heraeroen who started on Sunday morn ing, some of them not having returned at a late hour ob Monday. A meeting of the members of the Wanga ratta Jockey Club was held at the Royal Vic toria Hotel, Waogaratta, on Tuesday. The nominations for tho Wangaratta Handicap, sSventeen in number, alt the horses being the property of gentlemen residing in the district, were read, as were also tho names of the horses fer which the second payment had been made fer the Flying. Stakes. Messrs J. Nor ton, Leigh, and Michell wore app tinted handi cappers for the annual race meeting, to be held on the 28th and 29th January next, and the secretary was instructed to inform Mr H. N. Simson that, in consequence of his having nominated a horse, according. to the rales he had disqualified himself for acting as a handi capper. His Royal Highness is said to have loft £20 with the manager of tho United Extended Band of Hope Company, to be expended amongst the men employed. The amount was supplemented by tho hon. Mr Verdon, who gave £10, and Mr Carpenter £5. Tho trial of the bushrangers By an and Smith will not take place at the Castlemaino Sessions on the 14th inst. as expected. Tho venue is likely to be changed to Melbourne. At the Bonalla Police Court, on Tuesday, William Hoisted, a well-known trainer and jockey, was charged with the' abduction of Miss Simpson, a young lady about sixteen years of age. From tho evidence adduced it appears* that Hoisted, who waa recently engaged breaking in horses for the yoaug lady's father, Mr. H. K. Simson, of Tatong, had exercised his eloquenco with. such, effect that he succeeded in inducing Miss Simson to elope with him in order to be joined in the holy bonds of matrimony. Tho course of true love did not run smooth, however, and tho young cenplo had' not proceeded more than a hundred miles on their journey before they -were detained and brought back. Tho case was remanded for a week, the defendant, a young man, scarcely twenty years of ago, being admitted to bail, himself in £200, and two securities in J5100 each. Ms and Mrs GEonar, Case commence their season at tho Polytechnic Hall this evening. ' Mn Thatcher gave his clever and de servedly popular entertainment of ' Life on the Gold-fields ' for the last time yesterday evening, at tho Polytechnic Hall. The Theatbes.— ?' William Tell' was re peated at tho Royal last ovoning to a very good house. On Monday, H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh visits the establishment. There was no feature of interest in tho Haymarket programme. The Monthly Meeting op the National Building 'and Investmbjjt Socibxv took- place at the society's office, Mechanics' Institute, on Thursday evening. The receipts amounted to £74.8 9s, and ten shares were sold at an ave rage premium of £20 0i 6d. Dramatic Performance. — An amateur dra matio performance was given at tho National Hall, Fitzroy, last evening, in aid of a bene volent purpose. The pieces selected were tho drama .'.'All that Glitters is not Gold,' and' the farce of ' The Irish Tiger.' There was an avcrcge attendance. Richmond Ekte. — The borough Council and committee,, at a mooting yesterday, re solved that the children should meet at the Town Hall ut noon to day, and proceed thence to Yarra Park, for tho purpose of carrying out me lete as lormeriy arranged. Bowling. — It kas been arranged that a match shall be plajred on the West Melbourne' Bowling Green, this day (weather permitting) at three o'clock, between all members of the club. Members under 40 years against those over 40. The Head - quahters Band will play j this afternoon, from half-past threo to half-past fivo o'clock, at the Fitzroy. Gardens ; — Overture, ' Preciosa,' Weber ; waltz, ' Tho Duke of Edinburgh,' H. Leo ; selec tions from 'II Lombardi,' Verdi; quad rille, 'Musen,' Strauss; March, ' Tann hauser,' Wagner ; waltz, ' The Royal Ga latea,' E. A. Roberts; Selection from ' Mirolla,' Gounad ; polka, 'Jolly Old Buffers,' Siede. St. Iumia. School Fete. — The postponed fete for the children of St. Kilda in connection with tho Prince Alfred demonstration will take place to-day. Tho children will assemble at the Park gRtes, Fitzroy-street, at a quarter to twelve, and march to the ground with hands of music. Should the weather again prove un favorable the buns, cuke and fruit, &c;, will be ' distributed at the Town Hall. The programme of amusements will be adhered to as far as pos sible regardloss of the weather. Mo Walter Montgomery had another fall attendance at hia readings yesterday evening. Hie programme included ' x no Bens, ' Tom Noddy,' Horace Smith's 'Address to a Mum my,' ' Benedick's Conversion,' the trial Bcene from ' Xho Merchant of Venice,' and others of Mi' Montgomery's choicest pieces. The characters in the trial scene, which ho gave for the first time, were well discriminated, par ticularly those of Shylock, Antonio, Gratiano, und the Sake. Building Socinir. — The usual monthly meeting of the Fourth Union Building Society was held on Thursday evening last, at the oillces, 82 Collins-street east ; the hon. Henry Miller prodding. Tho monthly receipts, svmonnting to £o303, were announced at eight o'clock, and a sale of shares then took place, whon forty-threo shares were disposed of at a nominal premium, some as low as 5s per share, the committee having determined to sell tho funds at whatever premium they will fetch rather than that they should accumulate. It will at once bo apparent to anyone acquainted with the working of these societies, that at this low rate ol premium tke money is cheapfir to the borrower than it has ever beon oflered in Melbourne, and a large demand- for it is conse quently expecteu. Ijijiigraxts' Aid Society. — At the weekly meeting of tho executive committee, held *n Friday, the superintendent made the fol lowing return: — Number of inmates in tho Home, ns reported last week, 285 ; admitted since, 56 ; persons who have received out door relief, 460, or 113 families. Total ro lioved, 801. Discharged from. the Home during the week, 71). Total at present remaining, 26S. Number of women hair teasing, 25 ; in. the laundry, 11 ; mimbor. of men oakum picking, 25 ; do stonobreaking, 9 ; do working .outside, 4. Tho following subscriptions have been received during tho week, viz, : — A Former Inmate, £1 ; and per Mr Goff, collector: C. and R., us; J. S. Gotch, £1 ; George Robertson, £2 ; M. M'Caw and Another, £1 Is ; Lyell and Gowan, £1 Is; W. D., £1 ; Levy Brothers, £1 Is. Tho committee desire to give tho children of the school con nected with the Home, 45 in number, prizes at the Christmas holidays. For this purpose they thankfully acknowledge (per Mr Woolley, hon. secretary), tho sum of 30s, given by seve ral gentlemen. 