....v? , :,' ,;: n LooNDO 'July, 1867. A'chne bas.come over, the "festal city, in' the'? iýiv'fellnesei7'f ýfhposprity t.which flooded 'it, tho"btidin's"of tEi b?.pai' 6 l'Iaximilian's'murder has thrown a funereal gloom over the rejoicings. The Royal visitors lhave -:fed: ": The "lion" of the day, the Sultan, suddehly finds himself almost in the position of in intruder in the French'capital. ALLthe..sights and tfites promised him are abandoned, overywhere : is gloom and execration. Louis Napioleon himself is ill, and compelled to seclusion. There. is no longer 'any possible doubt of .thb'fate of the Austrian Prince, for his ,death. h'iilbeen officially announced. Maximiliani was-shot on the morning of the 19th. One :of his generals, enacted: Judiis, ind betrayed. this unhappy monarch for -ot many< ounces of gold I I Th ',governments of'Europe, how ever indignant they may express themselves at this atrociouhsiand ,sani;uinary deed,'heem yet powerless or else disinclined to avenge it. In Lonidon the'grand revier in Hyde Park has been postponed. All tthe European Courts are in mourning for the brave and uo. fortunate Austrian. A new and' satirical piublication has ecom out in Londoncalled the'7oinhai3dk. 'Inoshe of its numbers is ii memoaible cartoon reife senting the ghost scene in" Hamlet.:iThe Danish 'Prinice, in the likednes of 'the Prince of Wales,. is held back by Johni Bull, 'gas Horatius, froni pursuing' the ghost of George ,the Fourth; underneath the figure of the heir-apparent are these words "" Pn11 follow thee." Comment is supcrfluous- exept 'that this admirably-eieeutted cartoon indicates the fast-growihg conclusions of the British public. More's the pity I I ... I am extremely glad to say that our fair Princess Alexandra has again ;made her ap pearance in public, without looking, people say, much worse for her long and tedious ill ness. People are beginning to find out that.the present style of dress is highly injurious.to health. 'Boots and shoes,' with the prevailing pointed toes and high heels, utterly deform the feet, causing corns, bunions; and inability to take sufficient exercise.' The bonnet, too, as now worn, induces inflammation .of the eyes, car diseases, affection of 'the head, and innumerable evils. On the 21st, Her Majesty-Qieen Victoria held the last Court of the season, which was memorable for the absence of the higher order of the female nobility. This Court was held an hour later than usual, giving the Queen time beforehand to visit the Princess of Wales, and afterwards tho Princesas Teck.' At the Dsawing-room the Queen wore her usual costume, and Princess Louise a train with broad stripes of blue and white satin over a white tulle petticoat; caught up with blue convolvuluses. The Princess really looked charming. The trains worn now frequently depend f.om the shoulders ot the fair wesarers. They are trying to the figure,?:and are like the sacques of Queen' Anie's' reigni. Satins were worn more at this reception: thai any thing else." One dress made of pink satin was really charming : the 'train' was trimmed all round withl blonde worked with silver thread, and at intervals caught'up'with silver braid and silver flowers. The body '!" is vierge,"jwas full, and 'trimmed en suite, and the petticoat silver spangled: tulle over pink satin, , with 'a deep"? blonde 'flounce. There was- also another ' noticeable costume of blue :satin,, iitudded with pearls.:, There were, however, more greys and blacks present than brighter colors, and ladies attired in, heavy 'sdeeiing black robes, black tulle veils' stidded' with jetnd high coronets of the'latter, piit'dne foriblyd in mind of opera tragedy queens, or. thel heroines 'of the old romances.. SoBo completely'?hss the past come into the style of the present. that there is little selaration between them_ That famhous ball. given-. annually, the "Caledonian," cname offia week ago.,.,. The attendance was 'ithin. compared,;to, former occasions.. 'Tarlatans .were chiefly worn, boots, gloves, 'rid flowers ber in if thoe, same color as the dress., Some dresses, were, of pink satin, with silver- spotted tulle over; hair sprinkled with silver and gold,. 'andall coiffures elaborated with puffs, braids,, curls, raised very high.'LAs' rests there is very little 'novelty to describe in the world' of fashion. lNasquo'waist ban'ds are in vogue, and any fabric of lace riband, tulle and flowers, with strings plai?ed on the top of the' 'head paests for a bonnet.' 'White bonnets are mostly now worn, or if colored, crepe of a rich warm brown is fashionable : violets and purple grapes are the chief ornanients. The Empress has taken the initiative step in the introduction of'the Spanish' mantillan A Sunday or two ago her Majesty appeared at mass in a black silk dress, over which was a close-fitting peplum, with a cerise sash; cerise neck-tie, and---cerise ribbons ?eig in' the hair-~-a black Spanish mantilla of lace, worn over the head in place of a bonnet. In polnt of fact'nothlng is now remarkable 'in dress, for no one dresses in the same. style as les autres, and each ,,earer studies her own pecu liarities. SThe. ?hignons of huge dimensions are going out, and small silk ones are worn .with an invisible' not over. Shoit? "dresses have made no ,way as yet among the 'English aristocracy, .trains, however inconvenient and extravagbit, are gracefl 'ia' tho fiowing outline they give to 'the figi'e. Still on a dumPty woman"they look simply ridiculoui; but when will the weaters of fine clothes learn that it is the wonman after all and not so much the silk, satin, velvet, lace, and jewels, with whichl she.'adorns herself, that commands attention and admirationl Had Eugenie been a short,' broad figure 'of a woman would the the Em iress of France have over become the " nmould" of fashion to all Europe o Regard ing the august lady as she appeared at the splendid. ceremony at the Exhibition when the prides were distributed, who shall say she did not command more love and 'admiration than iever was accorded to Marie SAntoinette or the fascinating Josephine, even 'in thepalmieist days'of those royal and un fortunate womennl The lace in the Exhibition is somethig to marvel at. There is the ~machine lace of Nottingham; and the shawls of imitation Spanish lace are very interesting. Then 'there is Irish point by Mr. Charles Allen, of Dublin. Venice point by Mrs. Treadwin, of Exeter. Some beautiful specimens by Mlle. Mancini, and exquisite Honiton by Miss Radford and Mrs. C. Hay man, of Sidmouth. Other lace in hand work by exhibitors too numerous to mention claims attention and admiration. An Italian tragedy has recently occurred at Florence, which, while we shudder, makes us fancy we are in. the middle ages, only 'that love, jealously, and female false 'ness are things belonging to every eram. Count. Pallavicini, a general in the Italian army, married to a beautiful Cala brian , lady, having cause to suspect his wife, suddenly returning home saw that which confirmed his doubts, and drai?ing his sword lie slew 'the guilty wife instintaneously.: It is, however, but right to inform your readers that the whole story is contradicted, and that the lady is said to have smade.a vow to retire from the world for two years if her husband returned in safety from the recent sorts made against the Italian brigands.' Anyway, as the gossips remark, you have it as I have it. \- Amateurs in the musical and dramatic art are singularly in favor just now, but it must certainly be reckoncd' a novelty when a Duchess and the wife of a Bishop appear at a charity concert for their names to enhance the attractions, and thereby increase the receipts. Yet such has recently been the case; and moreover the public debut of the Duchess of Newcastle has been the cause of a display of snobism on the part of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle which it is pitiable to have to record of any English nobleman. The performance was given by the "Amateur Musical Union, and the duchess being the principal soprano, Mrs: Ellicott the lady of the Bishop of Gloucester, "alter prima donna." Miss Palmer the eminent professional singer was Sselected as primo contralto; the tenor, basso, and altero tenor being Mr. Tom Kohler, Signor Foli, and Mr. Lyall, all professional singers. The services of Miss Palmer, how. ever, were' dispensed with at the eleventh hour, the Duke of Newcastle stating that he declined to have. any professional lady asso ciated with the duchess and Mrs. Ellicott. The lady amateur substituted, however, when the evening arrived was through cold unable to attend, and Miss Palmer again was applied to at a moment's notice. I regret to say this latter lady overlooked the insult she had received and sung for the charity, which was in aid of the funds of the House of Relief for children afflicted with chronic diseases of the joints." The (impartial) musical reports state that Miss Palmer's singing was the success of the evening; the amateurs, however good as abnateurs, being crude and inexperienced. ADIEU. 