THE BURGLARY AT FAUSTEL EVERSLEIGH. (From London Sooiety. There was a soft undertone in Jack's voice when he made this remark, and he glanced as he spoke towards that silent figure, sitting in the farthest of the deep old windows with the gentle evening light falling softly on its bending head. Amidst all the bustle and occupation of the last few 'days Jack had not forgotten to notice how pale and silent Lucy Gres ham had been, nor how the innocent brown eyes had worn a scared and bewil dered look very foreign to their usual tranquil tenderness. 'It was natural enough, that-she was such a gentle, tender little thing--not a bit stout-hearted, nor strong-minded (none the less charming for the want, though), and, of course, her nerves had been shaken by what had happened.' Captain Eversleigh was thinking some thing like this, as he walked over towards the window where Lucy had sat silent so long, meaning, when he reached her, to say something soothing and sympathizing, only, startled and confounded by the look that Lucy turned upon him for an instant, as he did so, that he drew back involun tarily with- ' For Heaven's sake i what can be the matter, Lucy?' There was no answer: she had turned her face away again still more closely to the window, so that it was quite hidden: but he saw instead the strong tension of the clasp in which the hands lying in her lap were pressed together. Jack was very much amazed, but he was very much moved, too'. He threw a hasty glance over his shoulder to where Aunt Dora was reclining in her lounging-chair, her back conveniently towards them, then stooped down very nearly to that averted face, while he said-almost as tenderly as he felt at the instant 'Tell me what is wrong, Lucy, Ah ! if you knew- ' But that beginning was destined to re main uncompleted; for Lucy Gresham suddenly rose out of her seat, upright as a dart, white as a ghost, serene and sad as an accusing angel. 'IfI knew? I do know. And now that you know I do-never, never, speak to.me again-for that I cannot bear-and be silent!' and before Captain Eversleigh could recover from his pause of petrefied astonishment Miss Gresham turned her back on him and fled from the room. She did not appear at breakfast the next morning-the last breakfast that Jack Eversleigh would partake of for some time to come under Aunt Dora's roof. Lucy had aheadache, Mrs. Selwyn explained, and begged to be excused; which intelligence Jack heard without re mark, and was altogether during the pro gress of the meal so absent and unlike himself, that Aunt Dora was privately imagining that there was a reason why he should be more sorry to say 'good bye' to Faustel Eversleigh this time than had existed on former occasions. ' Well, well,' thought the kind old lady, 'and if Jack and Lucy have taken a fancy to one another, I don't know that either could do better; and for my part I should ask nothing bytter than that the children should marry and settle down here with me, as long as I live, I have always liked to think of Jack's having the old place when I am gone, and Lucy would make the dearest little wife in the world. I do think that Jack is smitten-and she -well, well-' And while the old lady was dreaming of love and marriage, and dark old houses growing all humanly warm and bright in the light of the sweet story that was first told in Eden, Captain Eversleigh was indignantly intent upon these two questions : 'What the deuce could Lucy Gresham mean? What the deuce does she know ?' There was no opportunity of propound ing them to Miss Gresham herself, supposing that Captain Eversleigh de sired it, for up to the last minute of his stay no Lucy was visible So his farewells had only to be made to Aunt Dora when the time arrived. They were very hearty and affectionate, like the feeling that sub sisted between the two, and when iMrs. Selwyn turned in again from the portico where she had stood to see Jack drive off, she felt as if the silent house had lost something that made it a pleasant home, in that cheerful, manly presence. It had lost something else, too, as it very soon appeared; for this pale, silent Lucy ofthe days and weeks succeeding Captain Euversleigh's departure was as unlike the cheerful little maiden of days gone, as anything- that could well be ima gined. Mrs. Selwyn's heart misgave her when she saw the girl going listlessly about her little every-day duties with that kind of laborious patience and conscien tiousness so sadly indicative of the ' letter' without the 'spirit,' and noticed the nervous tremor in which she was apt to be thrown by such slight things as the sudden opening of a door, a quick foot step, or an unexpected address. She saw these things with a little thrill of terror, remembering how slight a foundation her fancy that Jack Eversleigh cared for Lucy Gresham had been built upon, and devoutly wished a dozen times a day, that she had never brought the two together, nor meddled with such a doubtful matter as match-making. As to the lost money and the suspected burglary, that seemed a subject tabooed by both ladies with mutual consent, though not so readily allowed to drop by chance visitors, with whom a topic of con versation during the orthodox twenty minutes was too precious to be parted with lightly. 'Dear me!' said a lady, one morning, after the circumstance of the robbery had been succinctly detailed to her by Mrs Selwyn, in answer to her questions 'Did it never occur to you to suspect any one in the house, my dear Mrs. Selwyn ?' 'Not to me, certainly,' answered Mrs. Selwyn, with a disturbed glance over at Lucy, who had moved suddenly in her chair; 'for I have no servant, fortu nately, whose trustworthiness has not been proved.' 'That is fortunate indeed--for them,' returned the lady; 'but really, I think I should not be very easy myself under the circumstances. Does it not strike you as supicious, for instance, that nothing but the money should have been taken, or that the thief should have known so exactly where to put his hand upon it ? ' I don't think I should have thought so myself,' answered the old lady, looking very fidgetty, 'but then I knew there was really little but the money to take. i had sent all the plate we don't use to my bankers some time before, and, after my nephew came down, Biggs always carried the rest into his room every night. As for the fact of the thieves knowing where to find the money, there was no thing very wonderful about that; no doubt the house had been watched; and as we all remembered afterwards, the windows bf the room from which it was taken were wide open, and the lights burning, when I locked it into the cabi net. From that clump of rhododendrons yonder every movement of those in the room could have been seen perfectly well.' 'AAh! 'true-well, it is very pleasant to have such confidence ,in those about us. And when may we hope to see Cap tain Eversleigh again ?" 'He writes me that there is some chance of his being quartered with a detatchment at Marley for a while, a piece of very unhoped-for good news.' The conversation changed; but when the visitor had been gone some minutes Mrs. Selwyn broke the silence that had lasted since then by saying- 'I am .sorry that you should have heard Mrs. Sandell's charitable surmises, Lucy dear, Jack begged me not to let you know that such an idea had ever been started. He thought that, being such a timid little thing, it would only add to your uneasiness, perhaps.' '~?Who first entertained such an idea?' inquired Lucy, faintly. ' The detective who came over first, suggested it, I think, to Jack, who im parted i to me; but of course I could not entrttn it for a moment. Biggs certainl knew I had the money in the house; ut surely the fidelity of twenty years--' Mrs. Selwyn- paused a little absently, and Lucy's voice broke passionately into the silence. 'Oh ! Aunt Dora ! don't suspect any one! least of all, poor, good old Biggs. He never took the money! never! never! Captain Eversleigh must be sure of that; and oh! surely he would never let you thlink so for one instant; it would be too cruel! too wicked!' 'Why, Lucy!' said Mrs. Selwyn, look ing at the girl's flushed face in some wonder. 'Biggs ought to be very much obliged to you for your championship, only it is a pity.there should be no more call for it. As for Jack's entertaining such a suspicion, he pooh-poohed it from the very first; so there is no occasion for all that indignation, my dear. I am not yindictive, I hope,' Mrs. Selwyn went on, after a little pause, ' but I would give t~he money over again to have the real thief brought to light, there is something so painful in the atmosphere of doubt and suspicion that surrounds an undiscovered crime. Don't let us talk any more of it, Lucy we have been wise in ignoring it hi therto. Have Daisy saddled, and go for a canter over the Downs, my dear ; there is a fresh wind blowing that will put all me grims to flight, I dare say.' But instead of ordering Daisy to be saddled, Lucy put on her hat and mantle, and taking her solitary way out into the ground, wandered to a spot at some dist ance from the house, where a pretty little brown river stole through banks all pic turesquely broken and rugged, singing as it went, with a happy music to which the girl had unconsciously set dreams as gentle and glad, many and many a time in the bright summer days that were gone. Thoughts of them came back to her now, perhaps, all strangely and sadly mingled with the altered present; and throwing her arms forward against the moss-grown trunk of one of the old trees bending over the little river, Lucy hid her face upon them and wept passionate, despairing tears, never known before by those gentle eyes. 'What ought I to do ? What is right ? What is best?' she thought, with that dreadful, agonizing struggle to reconcile duty and expediency that is apt to beset those whose conscience is so tender, and whose heart so gentle as poor Lucy's. 'It would break Aunt Dora's heart if it came to light; and mine is breaking now, I think. What shall I do ?' But no answer came to that sad, appealing cry; the wind sighed among the trees overhead, and the leaves came shivering down at the sound, and were borne silently away on the brown water, for it was summer no longer, and never surely, was autumn so cheerless before, Lucy thought. But joy and sadness are in the eyes which look and the ears which listen, and the fairest sunshine would have been clouded just now to Lucy Gresham's. In fact, Lucy's eyes had seen nothing very clearly since that night, now many weeks ago, when the bank-notes were stolen from the Japanese cabinet in the tent-room; or, at least, everything since then was distorted in the light of the utterly confounding sight they had wit nessed on that occasion. It was all before her now, as she sat with hidden face and hands clasped before her eyes, for whether poor Lucy shut her eyes or opened them, they only seemed to serve her as long as she looked at one thing. Yes; it was all before her now. How, on that horrible night, she had started from a light sleep and a happy dream, to listen breathlessly to a sound in the corridor outside her door-a quiet, muffled footfall passing stealthily along, and dying away in the distance. How, when it had quite gone-had been gone minutes indeed-she had sprung from her bed, in fear that lent her for the instant all the hardihood of courage, in tending to fly into Aunt Dora's room; and how, as she opened the door, she saw with her own eyes-ah! heaven, yes--in the broad summer moonlight that lit up all.the corridor from end to end with its solemn splendour, John Eversleigh kind Aunt Dora's dearly-loved nephew coming out of the tent-room, with the little fanciful ivory-clasped box that held the bank- notes in his hand! How, in the wonder, the terror, the incredulity with which she looked on this sight, she had shrunk back into the room, and had listened to that muffled footfall coming quietly back past her door, past Aunt Dora's, till it died away again out of the corridor. Then the poor child'had crept back into her bed, had turned her face down upon the pillow so as to shut out the fair moonlight, and repeated over and over again, with a piteous persistence in the words, 'I have been dreaming;it was a dream-nothing so horrible could be true!' trying so to stifle thought and drown conviction, till suddenly she raised her head, joyful, trembling, melted to thankful tears, in the light of the blessed inspiration that iuddenly flashed upon her mind. 'It was a joke !-a practical joke-this abduction of the bank-notes -done just to give Aunt Dora a little fright, and a little warning! How foolish, not to have guessed that at once! Of course the money would be restored, and confession made the next morning, when Aunt Dora had been thoroughly well frightened.' In the tremolous thankful ness of this relief, Lucy sank into the sleep from which Aunt Dora had wakened her that morning. How poor Lucy's hope that 'it was all a joke' had fluctuated through the after proceedings, and had finally faded away altogether, would have been a piti ful thing to see, if any one could have had a clue by which to trace it ! Now, she had almost forgotten that the cloud which had enshrouded her since that night had ever been temporarily lighten ed by that idea. Ah, no! everything was wretched !-the world a miserable place, people inconceivably wicked, and those happiest and best off who had been laid to rest once for all under the church yard daisies. Poor little Lucy! This, her first practical encounter with absolute, outcrying evil, had done the work of years, as, indeed, it always does on natures so tender and innocent. She rose up now, after a while, and walkedso slowly thatit was darkwhen she reached the house, and quite dark in the drawing-room when she opened the door and entered quietly. As she did so, the familiar tones of a rich, manly voice reached her, that she would have known among hundreds, and that she recognized now with a great bound of the heart. Yes; there, surely enough, standing in the full blaze of the firelight, was Jack Eversleigh, laughing and chatting with Aunt Dora as if there were no such things as care, or trouble, or wrong-doing in all this worlk-a-day world. He stopped short, though, as the door opened and Lucy entered, coming for ward the next minute, with, perhaps, ever so little constraint in his manner as hie held out his hand. Lucy half ex tended hers; but, ah! no, her hand must never lie in that large cordial grasp again! She drew it back, and, bowing low, Jack turned easily away to his former place, and resumed his talk, while Lucy sank down trembling into a seat where the shadows gathered most thickly, and almost hid her from view. Aunt Dora was certainly in the best of moods and spirits (she was auguring favourably for the success of her pet plan and the happiness of Lucy, you see, in this sudden reappearance of Jack Evers leigh), and as for her nephew, his momentary embarrassment had left no palpable traces behind. ' How can he laugh ? How can he talk so lightly as he does ?' thought the poor child, cowering among the shadows, with a kind of sorrowful, indignant wonder. 'How dare he come here ? Is it possible that he did not understand me ?-that I did not speak plainly enough ?' She hid her face, and shrank down still more closely in her corner. And still the merry talk and laughter went on by the fireplace. 'Apropos of scrapes, Jack,' Mrs. Selwyn said, presently, 'how long is it since you walked into one in your sleep ?' Jack Eversleigh laughed, and coloured a little. 'Oh! ever so many years now-so many, that I hope that propensity and I have parted company for good and all. It used to cause me no end of bother, th6ugh, at. one time. You remember the And here Captain Eversleigh broke off, to stare in boundless surprise at the little figure starting from that dark corner, with clasped hands, and eager, pallid face. 'A sleep walker! Do you walk in your sleep ? Oh! if it were possible that-Aunt Dora-the banknotes !-the money that was taken !' cried out p'oor Lucy, breathless, and shaking in every limb. 'The bank-notes, Lucy !-what an idea! Certainly, Jack had a queer habit of walking in his sleep, and doing strange things in a state of somnolency; but I don't suppose----' 'But I saw him, Aunt Dora !-I saw him! Oh! if I had only known-only guessed! I am so happy-so very, very thankful!' And here Lucy sank down in a burst of tears, that came fresh from her very heart. 'You saw me!' repeated the young man, looking from Aunt Dora to that crouching, weeping little figure, with an expression of bewilderment; 'why did you not say so, then, and save all the bother. 'I thought you knew what you were doing, and meant to do it. How could I know ?' sobbed Lucy. 'Thought that I deliberately, and of my own will, possessed myself, of money that did not belong to me!' said Jack, with involuntary haughtiness. But the next instant his sense of the ridiculous overpowered him, and he burst into a laugh so hearty and prolonged that Aunt Dora joined in it, till· the tears streamed down her face; and even pobr Lucy was fain to echo it, at the dire and imminent risk of becoming hysterical. 'Poor, dear Lucy,' said Mris Selwyn, presently, between her gasps for breath; 'so you have really been thinking that Jack played the part of burglar that night. That explains so many things. My poor child! There, I will not laugh any more, if I can help it; but, for heaven's sake ! tell us all about it, for I own I don't see the thing quite clearly yet.' And so the whole story had to be gone over, or rather dragged into light by questions; for now, such deep, over powering shame beset Lucy- such a keen perception of the fact that John Evers sleigh must of necessity and for evermore hold her in abhorrence-that she was well-nigh speechless. And Jack, being really a chivalrous and generous-hearted fellow, seeing all the pain and shame in the poor little face, and desirous of sparing it to the utter most, suppressed whatever feeling he might have had in the matter, after that one involuntary burst, and listened, with good-natured amusement, to the relation of his own exploit. 'I wish you could enlighten me as to what I did with the money, for, on my word, I have never set livng eyes on it. At least, I remember now thinking that it would be a good joke to improvise a burglary, just for Aunt Dora's amase ment (you suggested the idea yourself, ma'am, please to recollect); but what on earth became of the money ? Did I go straight back into my room, I wonder ?' 'No; down stairs, I think,' said Lucy, faintly. 'The open window in the vestibule, Jack; how is that to be accounted for ? Ah! I have it. Do you remember the little summer-house on the other side of the shrubbery? There's a sliding panel that conceals a recess in it, and many a time you have hidden my keys and work bag there, when you were a boy. Jack, I will wager half the money that you put it there !' Which, on examination, turned out to be the case. There lay the little ivory clasped box, containing the roll of bank notes, never touched since Mrs. Selwyn's hand had placed them in it; and so the mystery of the 'Burglary ot Faustel Eversleigh' was a mystery no longer; though in years to come it became a story that Aunt Dora was never tired of telling to the little bright-eyed listen ers round her chair, who called the hero and heroine 'papa' and 'mama.' (Concluded.) 