SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1867. The following letter appeared, a few days ago, in the 4 Herald*:— "THE LAND ACT AND RE-SELEO TION. " To the Editor of the 'Herald.' " Sir—The Lower House of Parliament lately passed a resolution dictating to the Minister for Lands the policy to be pur sued in the matter of allowing forfeited selections to be re-selected before going to auction. No one doubts the Land Act gives the Minister discretion to allow re selection before auction, or auction before re-selection, but the Assembly, in passing the resolution 1 refer to, should have con sidered and jealously provided for due re gard being paid to the obligations by which the Government were already bound, viz., the clear and unequivocal declarations and promises of former offi cial circulars. 44 The first circular was dated 5th Octo ber, 1863, and in definite and precise terms declared, ' in order that desiring purchas ers may be advised,' 'that no such re eelections can be entertained, as the lands will be brought to sale by auction, without even their being again open to conditional purchasers.' The natural consequence of this was to induce persons to select lauds with the view of sacrificing the 5s. per acre deposit for the privilege and oppor tunity to be afforded them of bidding at auction. The effect of the first circular, issued by Mr. Robertson, was no doubt as clearly foreseen by him as by everyone else, and, therefore, this selecting with»a view to anction must be understood" as plainly intended and sanctioned by him nntil the 22nd October, 1865, when he is sued a second circular re-calling the first, and permitting forfeited selections to be re-selected before anction. " The policy of different modes of car rying out the statute, however numerous snch changes may be, is not now the ques tion, hut simply the wrongB inflicted by such changes being unredressed. The complaint against the second circular was, that it was made 'retrospective' in operation, and thereby confiscated or gave no value for all the deposits of 5s. per acre which had been paid into the re venue on the invitation of the first circu _ lar, .from the belief in its assurances that an forfeited selections shonld be brought to sale by auction. After some time, No. 3 Circular was issued by tbe present Mi nistry, and upset No. 2 in favour of No. 1 Circular, deciding for auction before re selection, but without doing justice, as it ought to have done, to those whose for feited selections had in the mean time been re-selected under the reign of No. 2 Circular. Under No. 3 many more delnded individuals were led to drop their money, when lol yet another circular appears! No. 4, like one of the ghosts in Macbeth, comes oh the scene, extinguishes No. 3, and upholds the modus operandi of No. 2! Another confiscation of deposits follows, another despoiling of the Queen's subjects by a paternal Government of their money, on what appears to them 'false pre tences.' " I am aware there are a few who pre tend that selecting with a view to auction is an evasion of the Land Act, and deserves no qnarter. I beg to remind them there can be no question whatever that when No. 3 Gircular was issued its effect, in en couraging selections for the express pur pose of their being brought to auction, had been openly discussed in the public pa pers, thoroughly understood, and clearly ■foreseen by all parties, and therefore such mode of action was by implication at.all events, but I will even add 4 directly' and 4 pointedly,' sanctioned as a regular course under the Act. "Ihave no desire to indulge in those terms of indignant comment so current among the dopes of these juggling circu lars, on the broken faith and shattered pledges' of one Government after another— a conduct quite beyond the reach of any possible amount of vitnperatirn, yet, it would almost seem, 'endorsed' by the hasty and inconsiderate, though tacit, ap proval of the people's representatives! The Assembly, in passing the resolution interfering with the Executive as to the mode of working the Act, was hound to take care that the rights of all who would bo affected by such resolution shonld be protected, and in neglecting— perhaps unwittingly—to take that pre caution, has become a participator in the infliction of a grievous injustice. "I now wish to point out that the only honest course for the Ministry to pursue in this matter is to declare, with as little de lay as possible, that all forfeited selections shall b© open, or ' otherwise,' to re-selec tion before auction, according to the terms of the particular circular under the regime of which they were taken up. The exact date of every selection is on record, and if there he the will there can be no diffi culty whatever in at once adopting this simple and npright course.—I remain, Sir, yours, &c.;, "H. A. THOMAS. " Saumarez, December 14th." We are of opinion that the " principle" lately adopted by the Assembly is the proper one; but we agree with Mr. Thomas that that body was bound to take care that the rights of all who would be affected by its resolution shonld be pro tected. Those persons who made sham selec tions prior to the issne of the first cir cular, in Oct., 1863,. have, we conceive, no claim to consideration. They acted against the spirit of the Alienation Act; and, if the practice had not been forbidden by the Minister for Lands, neither was it distinctly authorised by him up to that date. But the issue of that circular authorised, and virtually encouraged, sham selections, and those who made such selections from that date to the 22nd Oct., 1865, with the view of securing the opportunity of bid ding for the land at auction, are clearly entitled to consideration. Mr. Robertson evidently thought that the forfeiture of 5s. per acre would be sufficient to prevent many such selections being taken, and that the evil on the one hand would be counterbalanced on the other by the profit to the Government, bnt this was proved to be an error. Hence the issue of the second circular, permit ting re-selection between the declaration of forfeiture and. offering the land at anc tion. It is a matter for deep regret that the first circular was issued. It was dictated by an 'erroneous policy, looking more to the Government obtaining money than to the working of the Act in the manner intended by those who passed it —and in various respects the circular caused a great amount of mischief. It is almost unnecessary to add that one of its evils was embittering the feeling between intending bona fide selectors and those squatters and land oVnerB who were anxious to secure certain land which they regarded as indispensable to them, and many of whom seized upon the oppor tunity presented to them by the circular. If an unprejudiced person imagines him self in the position of these squatters, he will find much to excuse, if not justify, them in the course they took. By the Act, the Minister for Lands could refuse re-selection, or permit it. He, in the exer cise of that right, forbade re-selection, and made auction indispensable for dis posing of forfeited selections. He did this with the knowledge that he was thereby encouraging sham selection, but he ac cepted all the risks of the extent to which that practice might ran. Accordingly the power of sham selection was tried on an enlarged scale, and its effects were so marked that in two years Mr. Robertson felt obliged to change his opinion, and issued a circular annulling its predecessor. If the sham selectors pursued an in herently improper course in the interval between the dates of the fire:. and second circulars, the impropriety was sanctioned —and no doubt to many even suggested —by the first circular under the authority of the Minister. Then comes the question of the proper coarse to be taken in dealing equitably with these persons. No doubt many got what they wanted, in being enabled to par chase at auction their forfeited selections without interference between the forfeiture and the auction from bona fide selectors. But some still find themselves in a diffe rent position. The only real difficulty in the matter, it strikes us, is this. Under the second circular, some of the forfeited se lections were, doubtless, taken up by bona fide selectors, who, with regard to circulars at least, should have their claims respected as much as anyone else, and who have the additional recommendation that they have been residing upon and improving the land in the true spirit of the Act. The selec tions of these persons should not be sent to auction now because those who preceded them in making a deposit on their lands have not been fairly dealt with by the Go vernment. If they were sent to auction to satisfy the demands of the previous claim ants, it would simply he endeavouring to redress one wrong by inflicting another still more grievous and unwarrantable. Bi such cases, we think that substantial justice, as nearly as an equitable con sideration of both parties admits of, would be rendered by the Government returning to the non bona fide selector his deposit of 5s. per acre. And, with regard to all other selections made under the first cir cular and in respect to which claims are still unsatisfied, these lands should at once be reserved from re-selection, and sent to auction with as little delay as pos sible. Sham selections made while the se cond circular was in force should be disal lowed, and the deposits made thereon forfeited, up to the date of issuing the third circular. From the latter date until the issue of the fourth circular, the same course should be followed as while the first circular was in force; for we are of the same opinion as Mr. Thomas that, with regard to non bona fide selectors under the third circular, their rights are exceedingly clear. * We trust that the discreditable and con tradictory action shown by the issue of these four circulars is at an end, and that for the future re-selection between forfei ture and auction shall not be interfered with. But, however that may be justice should be done with regard to past trans actions, and we think the suggestion we have made in that direction is worthy of consideration, as a practical means of meeting a difficulty that has been caused solely by the gross blundering and incon sistencies of two of our Ministries. 