? ? ? ? | Turf Talk, by ' Tomboy;' ' There is no lack of tutf talk -attcr tho ?weights como out for tho Melbourne Cup. A handicap ia always a prolific theme for diB' cussion, and most especially tho handicap, for a Melbourne Cup. Go where you will since Monday, evening, and the question ia upon ?veryono'B lips — ' What do you think of the uup Handicap : iuia opuiums aru aa .vari ous and as numerous as the persons who ex press them. Ono man will ,tell you that nothing but tho , threc-yr-olds has a ghost of a chance; and within live minutes you will hear just tbe opposite opinion expressed, that no three-yr-old can, havo a show with so many aged horses turned loose ' Oh, the handicap-is made for Craig,' saya ono ; 'tho greatetc certainty on paper for Tamworth,' says another ; .whilst an enthusiastic Sydney friond of mino sayB itV disgracefnl' to han dicap Cossack at tho same weight as Smuggler, though I can't help thinking ho has a sneaking regard for Cossack notwithstanding. Without going into ccstacics over the handi* ,cap, aa 1 have heard some persons: do, I .nAnust givo my vote in favour of its being 'juito up to tho standard of the last year or two, if not a point or two above it.! The only test of a handicap, is public opinion, and if tho public do not Beo anything suf ficiently well in to plunt;o headlong on to it, or if tho layers round Bee nothing they would wiBh to lay post-hasto against, then I say ono must pronounce favourably on the handioap as a whole. Tho two horses that are universally thought to bo best in are Tamwocfch from Sydney, and Miss Fisher from Ballaarat, and both would bo backed for pounds, shillings, and pence, did the stable seem disposed to lead the way. There are other horaea that aro thought to bo well in — Sparrow Hawk,. Nimblefoot, Vic torian Tim, Cowra, and all tho good threeyr olds.Thero seems to bo no ono horso that every one thinks very badly used. Tho Barb has been woighted as nearly everyone - had ox pectcd ho would be, but Seagull haa fallen \- in public favour since tho waights oame out, and my Sydney friend has plenty of his way of thinking touching tho 9st 31b on. Cossack. Warwick's weight is complained of, and I think justly; and Bulgimbar might havo been treated moro leniently, as nn inducement to see Mr. Bowman's coloura on tho Flcmington racecourso. Without know ing anything of stable arrangements — simply going by public running, and what cveryono may know who readB tho newspapers, and attends tho chief race-meetings throughout tho year — if I wero called upon to pick a dozen horses to beat the field, my pick would bo these: — Tho Barb, Gloncoo, Fire works, Twnworth, Tim Whiffler, Bobo of . Australia, Cowra, Littlo Fish Tho Fly, Tim Wliifller, Nimblefoot, and Queen of Hearts. Tho next excitement will bo tho weights for the Sydney Metropolitan, when we shall know how far Mr. Lackoy's judgment coincides with that of Messrs. Yuille, Moore, and Band. Of tho seventeen Sydney horses engaged in tho Cup thero aro twelvo in tho Sydney ' Metrop.,' besides Seagull, Littlo Pish, Tokon, and Kingfisher. I could ; havo wished tho two handicaps to bo declared tho Bamo moment, so that neither Bide could havo been in the slightest degree influenced by tho handicap of tho other, for I am cor tain that a handicappor, bo ho ovor bo con fident of his own powers, is certain to bo put off his track, if over bo slightly, by . tho opinion of others ; but, after all, Mr. Lackey may not havo seen tho Cup handicap prior to tho declaration of his own. I know him to bo a Bound handicapner, thoroughly conscientious, and most pains fnlrimr ? rililn tn nivo n. reason for overv weight ho assigns ; so that it will bo highly interesting to compare tha respective weights of horsea in all cases whero they may diffor. Eve this day week, I apprehend, wo shall have seen tho handicap for tho lland wick Metropolitan; indeed it is visible, I suppose, in Sydney to-day. Air. Herbort Power, whose nomo has boon associated with tho sporta of tho field and tho racecourso for years past, leaves Victoria for tho old country by tho mail steamer next Sy«!ek. I wish him a pleasant sojourn '—longat the green fields, tho green lanes and Si' 'bio lands of Old England, and plenty of fun amongst tho pleasure peoplo of London and Paris. His hunter, Freetrader, was sold lnst Monday at auction to hi« brother ltobort for £140, and his Fisherman (illy out of tho Forlorn Hopo maro to Mr. Yotinghusbaud for £85, to go to India ; a grey hunter, Shamrock, that Mr. Power brought over from Tasmania, boing sold to Mr. Miller for £21. I may hero mention that tho hurdlo racor Wooclstock was also sold, to go to India, for iCGO. '. Castlbmaine Hacks.— Tho programme of tho Castlemaino Races appears to-day in our front page On e.ich day of tho meeting, 13th and 14th Novembor, thoro ia a handicap for a good stake, tho Great Centre tho iirat day, tho Prince of Wales Stakes tho second day ; and on the second day thero is also a stoopleohaso with 100 sovs added monoy. Thcso throe stakes close 3rd Sopt. Thero must bo some mistako, howover, about the night of gonoral entry, 30th January, wjiioh Bhould bo seen to. 