WILLUNGA. The foundation-stone of a Primitive Methodist Chapel was laid in High-street, on Monday, 9th instant, and though the afternoon was very wet, a goodly number was present. The ceremony was performed by Mr. Edmund Rowe, an old and well- tried friend of the society. After a hymn and prayer, a report prepared tor tne occasion, containing the names of the trustees, ministers who officiated, and a statement of the present state of the connexion, was read by the minister of the station, the Rev. W. Wiltshire. Then a most pleasing address was given by the Rev. J. G. Wright on the 'Con- nexion's operations in the colony, and the pre sent state of the WiUunga Circuit. Mr. Rowe then duly hud the stone, saying, ' I lay this stone, as the foundation-stone of a Primitive Methodist Chapel, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and trust it will be for good of man and the. glory of God.' A bottle containing the report, plans of the circuits in the district, ia, &c.; being her metically sealed, was deposited in the place pre pared for it, and the stone lowered and declared duly laid, and Mr. Rowe having placed £5 on the stone, was followed by several others with various sums. The Oddfellows' Hall having been kindly granted for the tea and public meetings, the people took their seats at the tables, which wcie well stored with provisions suitable for alL The attendance was fair. Iu the evening a large and interesting meeting was held, and the Rev. W. Whitefield was called to the chair. Hie report having been riad by our Minister, very able and stirring addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. G. Wright, and the Rev. James Read. The Church of England choir rendered us exquisite music during the evening. At the conclusion votes of thanks were unanimously passed to the ladies, the choir, ministers. Chairman, &o.; After the col lection the meeting closed by singing the Doxology. The total proceeds of the afternoon and evening amounted to about £24. On Wednesday, September 11, some boys found on the flat near the footbridge, opposite Morphett-street, tin a heap of rubbish, the right arm of a human being complete, in cluding the shoulder blade. How long the body to which it belongs had been dead we are unable to conjecture. The flesh was all gone, but the sinews were tolerably perfect, and the nails quite so. The hand looks very much like that of an aboriginal, being narrow, with long fingers and filbert nails. The most curious question is, how the arm came among the stuff deposited on the Park Lands. The police have it in their possession, and we presume will in vestigate the matter as far as possible or neces sary. On Wednesday, September 11, ther* was a discussion in the House of Assembly re specting the suspension bridge, now on its way from England, by the ship Murray, to be thrown across the River Murray. Mr. Umpherston proposed that the bridge should be placed across the river at Wellington, instead of fixine it, as intended by the Government, at Edwards's Crossing, about 20 miles higher up. To this Mr. Fuller moved an amendment to the effect, that it should be handed over to the Central Road Board, to place where they liked in sec tions, the idea being that it would make several useful bridges in places where they were much required. This was supported by several mem bers, who urged that no bridge was wanted over the Murray. Among those who took this view were Mr. Riddoch and Mr. Rankine. Mr. Sutherland moved that the bridge be sold, and the proceeds handed over to the South-East. This was«ot seconded, and ultimately, after a long discussion, both the amendment of Mr. Fuller and the original motion were lost, so that the matter rests where it was, and Edwards's Crossing will be adhered to as the site. 