MOMkbY FOPULAB eONCEBfS ' 'To -tBB EDITOR. | ; Sir— Having established my identity by yonr j inserting my letter in your iinpression of the 29th tilt.. I am faiii to continue nty criticisms upon the. principal musical entertainments given In. Adelaide from time to time; and as t- received notice that a concert opera of ' Maritana ' was to be given in tfie Town Hall on the eveningof the 31st January, 1 niade arrangemenis in «' Hades' to appear invisible at the Town Hall on that eventful occasion'. At the hour of commencement, 8 o'clock p.m;, | the Hall was decently filled, , not 60 much so, ( however, but that I had auiple room to float about; and take necessary observations. About 10 minutes after, the time stated for the eom menceiiienti the instrumental portioil of the orchestra came, upon the platform, and imme diately after came one gentleman, and lire ladies : «hWsed intfairy apparel j followed'* by three more gentlemeoj jrho fqr afs# ihigWbe&weBE;^qnite at ~ ' aJq§ist^|HB^ where to slt do^n; I loQked £w ^he cSot'S^ ^fit' N-eked in vain, and I was begfcrilngto thjink they were' omitted by spe'iial Consent, tnen I overheard one gentleman mar 'iHulfe tri his friend -'GoOd Heavens; Only four Of iptoSrus ?' 'tlncent Wallace, it is well thou- aBC%ohe to el ay, or the melancholy sight would have finished you; and triily I thought' so too. j Heaven pre-erve us ! Four of a chorus ! assisted by the. principal vocalistj let us pass .onj for this is too inutih for my' feelings^ even as a ghost. The overture was performed by the orchestra in anything' but a masterly ma mer. The clarionet was exceedingly flat, e&p;^ially in the introduc1 ivWt to ihO solo, ' Scenes that are brightest^' the other instruments ' were welTin tune, but there was' a hitch more than once in th? time; The air and dhortis,. ** tt was . a Knight of princely mien,' (solo) sUng by Maritana (Mrs. George Loder), was a Creditable performance, the insthimental accompaniment excellent in time and tune, but I cannot say as muufc for the chorus.. they wfere uowhere» but how could it be otherwise with four of a choius. The romance, **Ti» the harp in the air,' ?sang by Maritana was- very indeed^ and 1 I bellere it would hive been re-demanded but for the i Deficiency of the ehorus. ^our.) ? Chorus- (Angelina/ was next given, Mrs. Loder took upon herself the task, of nodding hrr'j bead, . and varying her music to make the chorus (four) keep time, and 1' grieve to siy ] they required her aid-^despite however the i evident incapability of' the chorus (Toltr) it was re-dcmandetl, probably on account of' the audience relishing Mrs. Loder's efforta to make it a siiecessr . ' \- . The following piece- *? Of fairy wand hnd I the power,' Duett, Maritana and Don Juse ^Mx. PappinJ, would have been appreciated if Mr. Pappia could. Kayo .managed to infuse a' little nurelif# into hie singing, correct depo^tni»nt mod hold his mu i^ properly, he looked as if he expccttd some 1 oy in tbe ga!lery was iu tbe avt of throwing something at his head, when bis part wa* doRe he tn&de; a bolt, highlyiflelighted no doUbt tliat it was lot once over. \ ' \- 'Pwtty SlUas' coricludedthe first part, and ? I concluded that it was past time, - for my spirit* wanted i^eeping up after all tbe pnnish mnt 1 had gone tluough, so I adjourned to the ^Criterion for'a driiik. \- Pai-t second commenced wit*t th^ ballad, M Alas those chimes,' song : by Lantrillo ' (Mrs. Wiahiirt), and I enjoyed, it. Mrs. Wishart may not be an accompUshed^rtiste, but this I know she Ss-ng tills song irith true feeling, ^toer voice was lit exfcellent condition, and to say the least of It she achieved in my opinion a trae success, and l doubt not ^1 true lovers of good music properly-vinterpjretod will say so too. .: *' Turn on Ole iSme,' trio, was sung by Don Caesar, LazarilIo, and Don Jose, and to say it was positively murdered is to put a mild term upon it. If^8 piece canndt be suiig as it is written, and in the sane: key, it had bettet jiot be sung at all { the conjpoeer should always -know test. V The song, 'Let me like, a soldier fall,' was ! next essayed by Mr. Lake. Where this gentle man picked up his voice J 'dare not imagine. Tbe first effort he made in attempting to begin was to lose the time, and if it had not been f or i Mrs. Iroder he must inevitably have broken j down, ^he next effort hemade Was t6 violently j attack the upper: A in the sottg, Which Was a- ; miserable failure. I sbould imagine a donkey ? .could uttet a bettw note than he soboeeded in delivering^ it Was net a note, it was simply a squeak. Notwithstanding his incapacity, his friends & the gallery bravu'd and horrard and raised; blisters oa their hands to have him on again.', All l ean say is that this pfoceedd e was prod active ot tortare to musical eats. The conceftante dtiet, viohn and piano (Messrs. White and Loder}, was the^ genr of the evening, and to prove if it was not encored. Interval for refreshment, and the only refresh tnent 1 had as a spirit was 'spirits* sndilutjal with aqua' pura, I had occasion to remark during the interval the' enthusiasm of various parties who had^taken a prominent part in - the enteitaisment in asking their friends how they lifced.it. and we waited for the answer as if their very lifs depended on the reply. Good nature, - however, prevented any blood being ahed. Part third was introduced with an orchestive . introductien leading ta the recitatito and aria, '* How dreary is my heart,' and 'Scenes that are brightest,' sang by Maritana, which was a decided treat. It Was the best effort of Mrs. Loder, and loudly encored. The duet 'Oh Maritana, wild wood flower,' sung by Maritana and Don Caesar (Mr. Lake). Well did Mr Lake say, ' Oh, Maritana, wild wood flower.' He no doUbt spoke Lis own feel ings, if we may take his'&ngiug; as a guarantee, for that iS anything but fcnltivat^i He th^e fpre spoke feelingly When he said ' wild wood flower,' and to make the scene more ridiculous he kept-bobbing about and making pantomimic gestures to'Msintana that I almost lost control of myself. When he came to the part, K With joy my heart's o'erfiowing,' ri&ine; flowed to, for I knew it was coming to an end. There is little to add. 'the other pieces were, got through in a mediocre style, and require no comment. I was highly delighted to hearGod Save the Qiieeu. I may mention that Mr. Lake Contrived to- bring himself prominently befote the audience at tbe commencement of each part by studiously- wait-- ing in the side-room until everyone else was seated on the platform, and as sfJon as he was aware of this fact he bounded ia to the admira tion of all his lawyer friends. . The chorus (four in nutnlier) acquitted them selves as only four for Wallaces music cOuld do. Mr. Ed« ards, I observe, was the chorus barso profundo On the Occasion. I consider this gentleman has -rof 'ability beyond chorus-singings and if Mr-. Loder had stUck^Mri_J-appin ln-thi 'tiioru!*' afid/lgiveir Mr,*'®4w«uite the mnnc of Don Jose to execute; probably a few of the audience Bright not have been laid up next day. Thte WilliamstoWn ' Nigger,' whose strictures upon my letter of the 29th iilt. appeared in your impressioir&f; the 5th inst., 1 will dismiss J-ith a fiieiidly Word of advice, that as bis shoes pinch him he should make arrangements to get his cobbler to make his- next -pair easier for | him, and if he only gains the extra blacking he uses, for his face as a' bonOs' for hisshOes he | will no doubt please the. public more in private than in public, and not incur the censure of - DONIZETTI'S GHST NORTHERN TERRITORY. — The residence of Mr. Finmss's party at Adam Bay will be in Adelaide probably by the time this paragraph is in type. Mr. Bauer, one of the party, was drowned at the settlement. The party appears to have smoothed the way for their successors by an affray -with the Natives; of whom several were killed. Roadside Heaps. — -We have often wondered- that accidents ate not more frequent both in townships and on ^oads, from the carelessness which frequently obtains respecting them; 'When they do occur they should operate as & caution far and Wide. On Tuesday evening; Mr. i 'Greenway drove over one of the invisible obstructions, capsising himself and a whole family, among whom bruises were plentifully distributed. . The following evenings another accident occurred at the same spot, which threatened very serious consequenaes, but fortunately without their being realised; : , Fike &SXTBASCE.; — ¥e ilndefstatid on. good authority that; acting on the advice of their solicitors,2 the South Australian Insurance Co.,iiaVe positively declined to pay anything c» account of the late firS at Pearce^ WinceTi & Go.'s. As, we presume the matter will have to be settled in a court of.lawj we refrain from making any. comments the merits of the^ase ; but we migkt mention that already several proposals for insu rance which were in the bands of the Kapunda agent for that Company have alreadv been witbdrawn. Messrs. Pearce and Co. Were willing to submit the matter t^hrbitration ; but their solicitors, Considering they Have such a good logal, as well as equitable claim against tho Company* have advised them to the con trary. — Sopundu Herald. CamrtfAi, SrtTnros. — These sittings^ Will commence oii Tuesday week,. Feb ruary 12th. The calendar is by no means hgavy as to the classes^ of crimes of which the prisoners are-accused^ nor as to the number of cases- to be tried — the latter being 26; One remarkable ; feature of the .approaching sees ion' will I be that one iudge will -be authorised to preside by ' turn ' and another be com- ] missioned' by tbe G-overnment to try the ; cases; and' if Mr. Justice Boothby should insist on taking his turn, an event mdre than probable, another scene will be added to the legal drama which- has- dis graced South Australia in the eyes of that part .of the .world which takes note of its proceedings.. Even that however wjll be better than, permitting a repiti tioa of ,*he mo^ery of. jufc^oe which ch iracteiieed the May Session of the Sujrema Coyrt, 