THEATEE ROl On Saturday nlglit (it. irl appeared at the Theatre IhJ>jl performance of thU chatstlfil ony cxira2rdln«ry"fealurit)H| especially attruciive; W!'l particularly csplivatioe, ite'l baud, absolutely nothing u'4 offmii. But we find 111' "1 embodiment as with ell d I Shaksperlan elforts, fill1 'j Hamlet, and (hot Is, he I'hw scenes which require tmtt 4 them tell successfully hh > will readily bo admitted d-1 some little power Is requlrfl® requisite and necessary Its'1 should be represented h 6 utter loud aud luharmosls1! expected that, situated ehould show somethleg tflB elons ond emotious of fcaB men. There ore some (« go in cry 'a perforuiancea sb-H impressive. In the fill 1 V where be contemplate3 hla face expresses »H "" V at the committal « B and upon beleg taunted literally, as It were, losbiBJ with the exclamation, " pryih''- f9® I dare do s i dm' Who da'ea do laoWB But this pluckldg-upoft®B again to doubt wheo he fall?" This scene, '"""'J effect, as much is dce .9 to ninlto It successful 11 expression. Tue this a dogger which 3 S by tho action of l""sulfB nory dagger, she broug powers oi acting, a" chamber of the steeple? the fear which P0:S£3!t, bend up "eachcorpow « feat." In the banquet -» Mr. Montgomery He received BaLquc dropped In at en ghost of a murdered PW Banquo closely, >" A down from the;hall. J witches at the p» was much too cW ' He received 'be eP regarding hla jB and aa though cob» =T1" TTto him. In the last act also he was '' 1 ln-ana as effective a? jhc might-have been, by.Dh« warmed up towards the close, and the b V, which concludes with the resolution, t we'll die with harness, ou our backs,'' wafclven with vigour, and gained him the op- y.i»n cf the audience. At the close of the p f '»ncoMr. Montgomery was called beforo ? ' retain Miss Cleveland never played Lady Macbeth better than she.' did upon this occasion. Ohe wes consistent all, tough, and In the arller scenes showed cqfSlderablo ability In her cllne whore sbe-promppllibTdimd to the murder. ?ho did hot rant, hut her.sfieecbcs and sentences were delivered', with nice discrimination and with iDcu'tlonarfcTnpbasis. In tho performance she ffliriy' fluirisl-tbo honours with Mr. Montgomery. Macduff could not have been in better hands ihan those ofMr.. Vincent. He played his pnrt carefully and well. Mr. Harwood flllcd tho smalt part of Duncan; and Mr. Witrdewas a moderate Banquo. Tho Witches were led by Mr. Lambert ; Mr. Stewart as Hecate, and JIN D»cy Stawart gavo effect to Locke's tnuslc In the solo parts. Mr. 'Hum- plirevs, as Lennox, filled his part satis factorily, and tho pains which be has taken In the small parts hitherto allotted to him will no doubt recommend him for moro important characters. This cveuiog Mr. Montgomery is to nppoar ob Horry Hotspur, In " Henry IV ," and on Wednesday his Excellency the Governor Is to visit this theatre, when " The Honeymoon" will bo reproduced. Miss St. Denis has been engaged to appear at this house. 