A DANGEROUS HAND. (From All Tlte Year Hound.) Have you ever been in Switzerland? JNo ? Then go to Thun, one of the drollest little towns in the world, and one of the pleasantest. It Btands in a noble park-the Valley of the Aar -and at the extremity of an ornamental piece of water designed by the very First of Land- scape Gardeners. The houses and the streets bave entered into a conspiracy with the moun- tains, with the lakes, the clouds, and the river, to fascinate and detain the onward traveller, that he may leave a littlo of his cash in the place. Every nook and lane is a gem begging the photographer to come and copy it ; every opening is a scene, every wide spaco a pano- rama. Tho town of Thun itself, small yet varied, quaint yet pretty, is one of the most original habitations of men. The balconies, the arched projecting roofs, and the pointed turrets, run each other hard in their rivalry for the prize of the attractive eoquetry. It was at this same Thun that I first caught sight of her. Now, happily, I have the right to say her. You have seen, at some theatre a lovely fairy, in a pork-pie hat, step out suddenly from behind the wings charming all the male beholders ranging between the ages of fourteen and fourscore. That morning, the drying ground, a little below the market place, was full of sheets-twenty times moro than would be re- quired to serve as screens for a Private Theat- ricals. Behind them, I heard a silver voice which said, " This way, Papa ! I am sure this is the way to the Frcienhof." And then there came forth from behind the white curtain a vision which made mo forget everything else. I had of course seen pretty girls before, but I had never yet seen my pretty girl. It was not the fair, clear complexion, nor the flaxen hair, nor the coral lips, which shot the dart j but it was tho bright spontaneous way in which those hazel eyes met mine ; the extraordinary quickness with which wo ex- changed a glance; the slight blush and the gentle smile which followed as her eyes dropped immediately afterwards ; and the involuntary halt, as if ono had something important to say and the other expected something important to be said. As for Papa, I don't think I saw him at all tliat timo. You have heard of love at first sight ? That is just what it was. They went their way through the tiny market, into the street ; and I think I remember that she walked very slowly, as if she would have been glad to sit down and rest. I was nailed to the spot, looking after her until she was out of sight. Of one thing only was I thoroughly conscious. I had seen my wife if ever I was to have a wife. That face, that figure, and that voice, had a rent in the clouds of futurity through whose long perspective a secret pre- sentiment showed me my future. Talk of your magic mirrors, your enchanted crystals ! Talk of distant events revealed in drops of ink ! There's no magic like a sympathetio glance. The way to tbe Freienhof! It was the very hotel I was staying at. Tut the direction they took was not the way to the Frcienhof. Were they going for a stroll of discovery, or had they merely mistaken their way ? Time would show. Saith the proverb, " Everything comes to him who can wait :" I could wait ; and did wait where I was. While wondering at, though perfectly under- standing, the novel ferment which then was working within me, my field of view was crossed by a solitary individual who was proceeding onwards with uncertain steps. His makeup was fashionable, though perhaps a little seedy ; but that tells for nothing on a continental trip. His black hair might be a little too ringletty ; his whiskers a littlo too Dundrearyish. His hat bad contours and lines of beauty in its rim more suited to Rotten Row than to searches after the picturesque He made you doubt whether he were a very gentlemanly man indeed, or not a gentleman at all. You must have seen him on some race-course ; or somebody excessively like bim. The face looked a little tired and worn ; but it bravely carried the cast-iron smile which is peculiar to opera dancers and people of the world obliged to play the part of universal amiables. "Heg you pardon, sir," he said, perceiving me. " I really bog ten thousand pardons j but would you do me a great favour to tell me the way to tho Freionhof ?" He italicised those ' words with a melodious drawl. " My friend Sir Charles, who brought me to Thun in his carriage, tried to persuade mc to remain at the Bellevue Charming house, excellent table, magnificent view, good society ! Quite, in short my style of thing, sir. But although the 3?reienhof is only second-rate, I had promised to go there- promised, sir. And when the lady is in the case-" " Hang the fellow and his confidential talk!" I grumbled to myself, " What a nuisance to be so interrupted. At such an interesting moment, too !" So raising my hat I coldly answered, " You have only to go straight forward; take the first turn to tho left, and you will reach the Freienhof." " Much obleeced ; very much indeed !" he replied with treacley suavity. " Such kindness to an utter stranger ! Pray do me the honour to accept my card. You aro doubtless at the Bellevue ? l'oit aro not going to the Freienhof ?" " No, I am not, sir," 1 fear I growled; internally adding, "until I think proper." " I thank you very much. This way, I think ?" And, with a honeyed bow, he took his leave. " Mr. Percy Howard !" I muttered, looking at the card, which I had not been able to avoid receiving. " Every Howard kins with Norfolk's duke. For me, you are too mealy mouthed. But what has become of the other parties ?" I bad not very long to wait. As I expected, the father and daughter had taken the wrong turn, and were now retracing their steps. She did not seem in the least surprised to find me lingering there; nor did he, for he had never given me a thougbt. Now, or never, waB the time to make an attempt at something. " Pray excuse me sir," I said, a little flurried, " but I think I overheard you mentioning the Freienhof Hotel. I am staying there, and this is the way to it. You can reach it almost im- mediately. But it is still two hours to the table to the d'hote dinner; and if-if you are not too tired, there is a wonderful prospect close at hand, which will repay you for the trouble of mount- ing to' it !" " Indeed ! What do you say, Maria?" Do you think you can manage a littlo climbing ?" " I should like it above all things. Ever since I caught sight of it, I have been wishing to get a better view of that brilliant white mountain - the Blumliealp, I think." " Very well, my dear. Let UB go the inn, and ask them for a guide to the spot which tho gen- tleman is so obliging as to-" " Quito need- less, Bir," I interposed. "I was proceeding there when I saw you pass (a freak of fancy or- dinarily known as a fib) ; and, if you allow me, I will lead the way." " Is it far ?" the papa replied. " Is it steep ?" " Neither one or the other. To reach the point of view, we have only to mount this long covered staircase by a series of low steps which are suited almost for children's feet. Is the young lady beginning to feel tired ?" " Not in the least. But if I were, here is a landing-place which will give us a minute's breathing. How curious ! It is the centre of five different staircases, some running up, and some taking you down." " This one is ours. Let us follow it. We have reached the cemetery, and have no further to climb. We have only a few steps to take on level ground j and now, if you please, look forward." " How beautiful !" she exclaimed, after a few moments' pause ; " I had no idea, until now, that the earth was capable of so much beauty. Never, never shall 1 forget this day." After gazing again at the view, she bestowed on mo a look of thankfulness, which was worth all the compli- ments in the world. This noble sight, enjoyed in common, had set its seal on our companion- ship. We had already grown almost intimate. It was understood between us two that we were friends, if not something more. " It certainly is fine," assented the senior. "Mr. Howard would describe it in his most flowery style." "Yes," said Maria, "he would indeed; for he is not afraid to talk about things ho does not understand. Ho confounds Romans with Greeks; and, on being made aware of his mistake, slips out of it by calling them both the anoients." "You are prejudiced, my dear, against him. You must try and get over your dislike. I wonder, by the way if he has arrived." In Swiss travel there is a peculiarity which is pleasant or not according to circumstances. If you are there on any social speculation, to marry off your daughters, to make acquaintances you would not bo likely to pick up at home, to light upon friends by unexpected chances, you oan't have a better place of meeting, or a surer rendezvous ; but if your real aim be the beauties of nature, to be enjoyed in pootic retirement and quiet, you are liable to interruption. The fact is, that, as everybody except the climbers of the unclimbed peaks is pursuing a beaten track from which there is little deviation, if you meet an individual once, you are almost sure to fall in with him again. On steamer, in diligence, at glacier foot, by waterfall, you find faces which have accompanied you throughout your itinerary. If you do the Wangern Alp, they go too ; if you go to sec the Giessbach illuminated, you behold there physiognomies which you have already beheld reflecting day- light at Lucerne, Borne, or Interlacken. If you uko the faces, well and good ; if you don't their tracking your heels BO closely becomes wearisome. The only means to escape such comrades is to stop somewhere for a week, and let the stream pass. The summer current will bring in a supply fresh from the inexhaustible springs of British life. In this way, even before they entered Swit- zerland, my charmer's father had picked up Mr. Howard ; while Mr. Howard had not the least intention to loose his hold of his new acquain- tance. Hjnce their expectation of meeting each other again at Thun. The slight possible shade of annoyance at her parent's partiality for his new found friend, overspread her face for an instant, and then she glanced again at the landscape. Turning to toe, " what is that mountain which stands before us -that dark green pyramid, clothed at its base with thick festoons of pine- tree forests ?" " That's my mountain-my beloved Niesen. Everybody loves tho Niesen. ' All ronnd the Niesen' is a toast as popular hero as ' All round the Wrekin' is in Shropshire. Niesen is a favourite name to confer on dogs and railway looomotives. Long live the noble Niesen ! I stood on his top the other day." " Indeed ? Is it possible ?" Maria exclaimed, regarding me, in her innocence, as an alpine hero. " It is not only possible, but BO easy, that you can make the ascent if you choose." " Really ! I should enjoy above all things to be able to say I had ascended a mountain." After some discussion, the gentleman agreed that the ascent should be made. "By the way," ho continued, " my namo is William Greenwood, of the 5rm of Greenwood, Darkins, and Blake, Manchester, latterly of Liverpool." "And mine, sir, is Henry Carter, son of the late John Edmund Carter, formerly of Manchester, lat- terly of Liverpool." " Really ! I remember your father failed in my debt, giving a dividend of eight and sixpence in the pound." " Yes, sir, he did ; and five years afterwards paid you in full, with interest." " True ; like an honor- able man as ho was. To think of meeting poor Carter's son in this this way, by chance ! Ho left you, I believe, not so very badly off?" "I am rich, by living within my income." " And you are strolling about here, I suppose, like the rest of us, without any definite pur- pose ?" " I am trying to put a little method into my head by comparing, for my own private satisfaction, the respective merits of several well known eminences which aro reached on foot with no great exertion. I scramble from one hill top to the other, and note which pleases mo best." " The volume under your arm is doubt- less our guide-book. There aro so many, that it is difficult to choose between them." " It is nothing so common-placo as that, but a I resource for a rainy dav or a leisure hour. It is the Mysteries of the Hand, by Desbarrolles, in which the science of Chiromancy is fully and copiously expounded." " A. revival of an old delusion. But if people pry into futurity, one form of the folly is as bad as another. You will tell us about it by and by; it is time now that we think of dinner." All dinner, I had the great satisfaction of securing the seat next to her. Opposito to us was Mr. Percy Howard, looking anything but pleased at the favor I enjoyed. Maria (that I now knew to be her delightful name) did not like him more than I did, and received his advances with undisguised coldness. I fancied I observed tho waiter behind us was strange in his manner towards him, aB if Mr. Howard paid too particular attention to the polish of the forks and spoons within his reach. To the discussion of our Niesen project Mr. Howard listened with open ears. It was agreed that I should go forward to Wimmis, the village at the baso of the moun- tain, to secure horses up it, and bedrooms in the little hotel at its top, and that they would drive there early the following morning to commence the ascent immediately. Next day, I bade a brief good-bye to the father and daughter, and reached Wimmis, where every arrangement was speedily made. During the inn-gossip of the afternoon, singular inquiries were put to me respecting the strangers then at Thun. I answered them as well as I could, but what in truth was uppermost in my mind was the expected arrival of my fair one to- morrow. The morrow carne, and with it my new friends j but they were not alone. Mr. Howard had fastened himself upon them, and with him a gentlemanly young fellow enough-rather too finespun-an acquaintance of his, whom I had noticed at the table d'hote. As soon as they alighted, we set off, myself alone on foot, the roat of the party on horseback. The ascent of the Niesen was glorious. Maria (by whose side I walkod, telling her guido to proceed in advance) was in ecstasies at the harmony of sights and sounds, at the tinkling of bells from cows and goats, with the stream of the Simme rushing below. Every turn of the zig-zag path presented us with a fresh point ol view. As we mounted higher, all was repose ; soft colors-melting hues of green and brown met our delighted eyes. The air was pure and balmy ; our minds, elevated by the scenery, entirely forgot the lower world, the roar of city carriages, and the busy hum of men. We met sledges laden with mountain cheese, gliding down gently over the grass ; we passed men carrying on their shoulders loads of wine and other provisions for consumption at the summit. We scaled, one after the other, the three separate masses which together constitute the Niesen. Near the top I crept down a rock, and was suddenly lost to my companions' view. Maria uttered a pretty little scream, highly flattering to my self-importance. Soon re- turning, I had the pleasure of presenting her with a handful of snow. At last we reached the highest pinnacle. I make no attempt to describe the panorama it commands. It made us regardless of everything else, I believe, except each other's presence. We drank in with our eyes the snowy peaks, the outspread lakes, the meandering streams. And then-and then-the Alpine air reminded everybody that meal-time was approaching Tho littlo hotel, crouching in a hollow not far from the top, opened its hospitable doors. We dined. While dining, a cloud enveloped the mountain. So the evening had to be beguiled with talk, in the course of which Mr. Greenwood referred to my studies in palmistry. At that moment the waitress of the hotel entered, and presented Howard with a letter of business-like aspect. He opened and read it. For an instant ho seemed surprised, not to say stunned ; but recovered himself immediately. " How unfortu- nate !" he exclaimed. " How very mai apropos! I am obliged to leavo your delightful society." " Not to-night, surely ?" " There is no help for it. My friend, Lord Castellinthaire, sends word that he is suddenly taken ill, and begs me to join him at Brienz as soon as possible. The worst of it is, that not only must I tear j myself away, but I have left at Thun, with the bulk of my baggage, all the oash not required for this little excursion." "That need not disturb you," said Mr. Greenwood. "I can let you have something till we meet again. Flow much will you like ?" " You are exceed- ingly kind. If we say ten pounds-" " That is not enough. You don't know when you may get back to Thun. Take twenty; or, we'll say five-and-twenty. I have my cheque book-" " No, no, my very dear sir : no cheque, I thank you. I appreciate your kindness all the same, indeed I do. Ten pounds will bo quite sufficient -quite." " Yes ; but my cheque-book ! I had it a while ago. It was in the pocket of my paletot, in the room where we washed our hands before dinner." " Perhaps," I hinted, " by an acci- dental mistake, it has found its way into Mr. Percy Howard's paletot, not being able in the twilight, to distinguish that gentleman's pocket from its own usual resting plaoe." " Your joke is a little too absurd," said Mr. Greenwood, tiokled at the notion nevertheless, and handing with a smile a ten pound note to Mr. Howard. " Very much obliged," said the recipient. " But you, sir," to mo, " do you mean to insult me ?" " It is not an insult," I replied, " nor yet a joke ; but a serious sug- gestion. Do, it you please, feel in your pockets, and try if you cannot find it there." " I shall do no such thing, sir," thundered Howard, simulating virtuous indignation and [working himself into a theatrical rage. "lam used to be treated as a gentleman ; and were it not for the lady's presence-" "Softly!" I said. "The case is very simple. Mr. Greenwood's cheque- book is missing. Oblige us by helping us to find it. Search if it has not wandered somewhere, quite by accident of course. You have his ten-pound note; I am sure he had no wish to deprive you of it. But-did you notice my guide this morning ? the man who carried my knapsack up the Nie- sen ? He is an agent of the Swiss police. The man who led Miss Greenwood's horse, and afterwards went on before us is another. They are hunting up a littlo additional evidence against a person about whom they already en- tertain grave suspicions. They are in the house within a moment's call. Shall wc ask for their assistance to find tho cheque-book ?" " Dear me ! How very strange!" he ejaculatod, with well acted, because unblushing surpriso. " Here it is ! That I should not have felt it before ! It must have fallen from your coat upon mine, and worked itself in in the hurry of dressing. I am truly sorry that such a trifle should have caused us a moment's uneasiness. I am uncommonly delighted to have found it." " And so am I," I dryly rejoined. " But allow me to hint that, however much we may regret to lose your com- pany, the climate of Switzerland hardly agrees with you, and it might be prudent to change an air which is too sharp for you. Mr. and Miss Greenwood, as well as myself, would be sorry to see you-confined-to your room." " You aro probably right," he replied, unabashed. " I shall probably follow your friendly advice. The Alps do not quite suit me. It is a lovely even- ing-bright moonlight-for a leisurely stroll down the Neisen. I cannot miss the path. I ^ shall leave the horse here, to avoid waking up the people at Wimmis ; you can make use of it yourself to-morrow. I want no guide. Those men-" he hesitatingly added. "I think you can do without either of them. Thoy are probably supping below in the kitchen, and you can leave by the front door of the hotel. The Swiss authorities (who like things to go on smoothly) had just as soon avoid any unpleasantness whioh might have the effect of alarming strangers. I think tbey would not be displeased if you left their juris- diction without being detained by any untoward event-arrested, for instance-by the severity of the weather." " I am suro you are most considerate, By the way, would you have the goodness to change this ten-pound noto for French gold ? It will be so much more handy." " Most assuredly. Here it is." " A thousand thanks. Good night. I wish you all a very good night." He left the room with a most graceful bow, without a blush on his face or a falter on his tongue. He was gono. We looked at each other for a while in silence. " Well, I never !" Miss Greenwood at last exclaimed. "Nor I, exactly," rejoined her father. "I suppose I have had a narrow escape from having the worth of my signature tested," the young opieurean quietly observed. "But tell us," said Mr. Greenwood, " how you came to find out thiB gentleman's real character and avoca- tions. It was not all chiromancy-eh ?" " Well, the facts are these. I had heard rumours at Thun. The Sunday evening I spent at Wimmis, waiting for your arrival, I was alone. The showery weather kept me in- doors. No doubt you have been haunted by the ghost of a tune ; that evening I was haunted by God Save the Queen. It would never finiBh. Just as the first strain was over for the twen- tieth time, and it was the second strain's turn to come on - Make her victorious, Happy and glorious-I heard it taken up by a chorus of voices from without. Was it the force of im- agination ? I opened the window. No, it was not. At the foot of the Niesen, God Save the Queen is a popular air. When the chorus had died away, I left the window open to enjoy the rushing sound of the Simme's waters and the wind whispering among the fir-trees. My thoughts were running on anything rather than Mr. Percy Howard's concerns, when grave voices in solemn debate rose from immediately beneath the window. I looked, and there was the Coun- cil of Village Notables assembled, standing in the open air in decorous order, in spite of the rain. One of the leaders was the landlord of the inn. Amongst other things, they discussed the expected presence of, and the measures to be taken with respeot to, a suspicious stranger, who oould bo no other than our departed friend After the meeting had broken up, the subject was resumed in the publie room. The landlord advised forbearance and the avoidance of making any fuss, whilst another excited advocate for the purging Switzerland of all scum whatsoever, broke wine-glass after wine-glass by thumping them on the table to enforce his arguments. Between the two, I heard enough to remove from my own mind all doubt or uncertainty. You have witnessed the sequel, and how chiromanoy helped me to bring about the dénouement." " And so the two men who acted as our guides are detectives on the track of our accom- plished friend ?" " They are honest, simple, hard-working peasants, and no more policemen than you or I. It was a sudden idea of mine to invest them with that character, and you have seen the effect of a guilty conscience." I believe wo all slept sweetly and soundly in that lone wooden inn on the top of the Niesen. We had agreed not to ask the sunrise to wait for us to witness it. Wo breakfasted together ; took a last lingering look at the wondrous land- scape spread around us ; and then wended our way downwards. Aloft, was the silenco of the wilderness : in descending, rural sounds again met our ears. There was the tingling of bells worn by cows and goats, like distant village peals ringing changes. The rush of waters and the rustling of leaves were once more audible. On reaching the base of the mountain, Maria alighted from her horse. Taking her father's arm on one side and mine on the other, she said to him, " I have become acquainted with a secret, which ought not to remain a secret between us three. Mr. Carter and I am engaged, if we can only obtain your permission. Won't you let me have my own way, just for this once? Yes, deir father, I am sure you will." Instead of looking immensely astonished, Mr. Greenwood kissed his daughter affectionately, and gave mo a hearty shako of the hand. 