Sefot M i . T H fB S L I EP-WAL-KE R . ••-,."• .. • OB, .-:•• /. XJ1DY THBBB8A'S. RVBUX.0, j CHAPTER LXXI. 1W MRS. GOEDOK SMTTHIKS, \- A^horef "Our Mary 1""The Woman In Blaak;" eto.eto. Labt BAbbAfeA's marr?a»e* with the Canadian-millionaire, Jack Franks, was "to take place ntthePriory, -and that in the course of a fortnight. ; . \- The bride-elect, for private reasons of her own, simulating an affection she did not feel, made a great point of ^the presence "of Sir Arthur and Lady .Theresa; Shecontrived that'Lord Beaurepaire should be enlisted as, what in the north is called best man," or groomsman, on tbooocasion j and considering the icy coldness and nonchalance of her deportment on most occasions (particularly where her intended was concerned), she evinced considerable energy and animation in all that concerned the preparations for the wedding. No bride about to be united to the object of her first fond love was ever more hard to please in her ohoice of a bridal wreath and veil. Her white satin dress, trimmed with Honiton lace and bouquets of orange-blossom, came from the empress' milliner, (herself the empress of milliners) ; but as it did not, according to the notions of the bride-elect, fit her exactly, a first-rate London dressmaker was sent for express, to effect some very trifliog alterations; but which, all trifling as they really were, seemed to Lady Barbara of vital importance. Anyone noting all this would have thought (as, indeed, all concerned certainly did) that there was a good deal of love on the bride's side at least. And so, indeed there was; but alas! not for the right object. She was very anxious that Lord Beaurepaire should see her looking as bo had never seen her look before—looking, in short, as she well knew she could look when she chose to do so—so like his soul's idol, Theresa, that he should bitterly regret, as her sister was lost to him, not having proposed to herself. All the exquisite roundness, which formed the chief difference between her sister's form and her own, had been adroitly supplied by the aid of mysteries known only to ruantuamakers, and which, even -if we were in the secret, we would not reveal. Her bair was very fine fair hair. It lacked the abundance and the golden gloss of Lady Theresa's; Isadore had imparted to her a secret for making any light hair shine like burnished gold, and had ransacked the blonde hair markets of Sweden, Denmark, and Germany, to procure her ringlets, plaits, and bands, by the aid of which her head closely resembled her sister's. Lady Barbara, who, even in the solitude of her own chamber, felt her clieeks'^glow and burn at the thought of kindling a late remorse, and a tardy passion in Lard Beaurepaire's heart, did not think her usually iiiarble-white cheek would require any artificial bloom; but in case it should do so, she was provided. It was impossible for Sir Arthur and Lady- Theresa to refuse to be present at Barbara's wedding without exciting a good of animadversion and suspicion. Lady Barbara, the bride elect, was Theresa's elder and only sister, and Jack Franks had been for some years Sir Arthur's bosom friend. Still the perplexity caused by the delay was very great; for the perils and discomforts of Lady Rosemount's situation were almost more than she could really endure; and Sir Arthur had, directly the wedding was over, planned a means by which she was to escape to London, and there to await Lady Theresa and himself. As it was, the greater part of her time was spent in the subterranean passage—for since the, to her, appalling vision of Lord Resemount's^arge, handsome, satanic face, with his great blazing eyes, and flame-colored beard and hair, at her bedroom window at Beach Farm, she had never dared to return to that refuge. Tomkinson had contrived to convey a bed, and some few articles essential to her comfort, to the vault, which tad once been the retreat of the Black Bear; but, at the best, the situation was a very trying and a veiy terrible one fora ladyso delicatelyorganized, and reared in such luxury as the Countess of Rosemount. However, she bore this painful confinement, and all the miseries, perils, and discomforts attendant upon it, with an angelic patience and sweetness which made Lady Theresa look upon her as a saint, a heroine, and a martyr, and even Sir Arthur, when he saw how well the mother deserved the daughter's love, felt ashamed of the jealous' anguish that love awoke in his dark bosom. Sometimes, under tho influence of this good feeling, he would watch an opportunity for visiting his lovely and injured mother-inlaw iu her subterranean prison. And seeing her so pale, so gentle, so grateful, and so resigned, he would sit down by her side, or at her feet, and while he held her hand in his, he poured into her cars words of filial tenderness and devotion, and tried to cbccr and comfort, and even to amuse ber. His insane jealousy was for a while forgotten, and he would go in search of his Theresa, to see if there was any probability of bringing her, unseen and unexpected, to her mother's side. Lady Rosemount,thus encouraged,confided to Sir Arthur the fact, that on the eve of ber eldest daughter's wedding-day her motherly heart yearued towards that daughter, all unkind and undutiful as she bad been to her—• that 6he wished to eeo her, if possible, herself unseen, when sho tried on, as she felt sure Lady Barbara would do, ail her bridal costume, to judge of its effect, and that she wished to place on her dressing-table a beautiful set of pearls, which bad been her own bridal ornaments, and were, in her opinion, more suitablo than any otber jewels for a young brido. Sir Arthur promised to turn Lady Kosemount's wish over in his mind, to consult Theresa about it, and, if possible, to contrive that, with very little risk of detection, the mother should carry out her desire to see her daughter in her bridal attire the evening bofore her wedding, and herself to place on the toilet-table the pearls which had adorned a fairer bride, namely, herself, some two and I twenty years before. i CHAPTER LXXII. IT was a. lovely. September evening, and it was the eve'of Lady Barbara's,wedding-day. Dinner was over. The bjide-elect had left the gentlemen with their, wine anid fruit, andHhe ladies (id est Theresa . and? Jessica)", with the portly rector's : fat old wife, and the slim curate's pale .girl- bride,- sipping, their coffee. The servants, including Lady Barbara's own maid, were, afogupper. She was to. accompany her i ladv onfiior wedding tour. Lady Barbara hurried "with a beating heart to her own room. % • ,'•.' It was one of the handsomest rooms in the house. A dressing room adjoined it, and beyond that was a bath-roo.m. Eor a long time it had been unoccupied, for it had the reputation of-being haunted. An ancient and a modern ghost were said by the ignorant and superstitious to " walk" at night on the terrace beneath the windows. The ancient ghost was that of a young girl, who in the Middle Ages was said to have assumed the name of Pather-Lorenzo, and the garb of the monk, in order to be near a friar to whom she was passionately attached. As the legend went, in this chamber the girl confessed ber sex and her love, and the object of ber passion, sinoere in his profession, resolving to put temptation beyond her reach, slew her on the spot. Large olaret-colored blots stained the oaken floor in several places, and were said to be the heart's blood of the hapless girl. The modern "ghost, who was said to " walk" the terrace, and occasionally to sit at a certain little work-table near the window, which had belonged to Queen Henrietta Maria, was that of Amabel Blake, the unfortunate needlewoman, whose death Lord Rosemount had tried to fix upon bis own son Lord Dartmoor. " At least, he had striven hard to make Jessica believe that bis son's profligacy had caused the poor young eemptress's ruin and death. We know bow nobly Jessica behaved when Lord Dartmoor swore to her that he was perfectly innocent. The reader will remember that she said— " Dartmoor, you have sworn you are innocent of this great offence ; and now, were all the world to bear witness against you, and to swear you were guilty, I would not believe a word th-it did not tally with what you have asserted!" There were strange whispers about concerning the real cause of Amabel Blake's despair and death; but it was not to Dartmoor that this too common tragedy was attributed. Be that aB it may, Amabel Blake, up to the very day before her mysterious disappearance, had been in the habit of working in the haunted room. She used to sit from "morn till noon, from noon to dewy eve," at the quaint old work- table in the embrasure of one of the windows; and there were those among the maids who were ready to swear they !had seen the Bhadow of a figure, in a monks's garb, and that of Amabel Blake herself, pacing the apartment and the terrace by moonlight, and arm in arm. Lady Barbara laughed these ghost stories to scorn. She took possession of the apartment, hadit newly papered, pain ted, decorated, and furnished. : Every receipt in Mrs. Hale and Mrs. Rundell was tried to get the claret-colored ' stains out of the floor; but in vain. They seemed to grow brighter and redder with every effort to dislodge them, and seeing this, the servants shook their heaJs, looked very mysterious, and gave up the attempt. The haunted chamber, with its ante-room, dressing and bath rooms, occupied one wing of the Priory. Lady Barbara had to pass through a corridor, or picture-gallery, to reach it There was not 31 sound to be heard, not a living creature to be seen, in this part of the building. _ It required very strong nerves, or very little imagination, to go with a firm step and an unchanged cheek through that lonely dark gallery, with the grim old lords and ladies of the house of Rosemount frowning down on the modern intruder. Lady Barbara reached her own apartments, and closed the door. In the large and cavernous grate a huge log was slowly burning, supported on two quaint old iron dogs. That fireplace had not been altered, and was much the same as when, three centuries before, the tragedy we have alluded to was enacted in that room. The red light of the wood fire glanced, and sparkled, and gleamed on the rich white satia dress spread out on the bed—on the orange flower wreath and veil, the small white satin shoes, richly trimmed gloves, and on a beautiful 6et of opals, of great value, which Jack Franks had presented to his intended. Lady Barbara threw fresh fuel on the fire. She lighted the wax candles on either side the toilet and cheval glass. Her hair, which was already dressed to look as much as possible like Theresa's, fell in 'ong, glossy, golden ringlets on her shoulders. Lady Barbara drew on the beautiful little white satin slippers—she had very pretty feet. She then took off ber black moire dress, and tried on her exquisite bridal robe of white satin, with its beautiful Honiton flounces and bouquets of orauge blossoms. Tbc fit was perfect. Lady Barbara was tall, straight, and very slender; she had a very small waist, and a long round throat. Ail she wanted to make her form rival Lady Theresa's was the round* ness and fulness which the skill of the mantua maker had so judiciously supplied. _ Enchanted with the grace and perfection of her figure, as reflected in the cheval glass, Lady Barbara's eyes grew bright, and the flush of gratified vanity tinged her cheek with a roseate bloom. She had only now to try on the orange wreath and veil, and fasten round her throat and arms the ornaments that lay gleaming and glistening in their white satin beds. When first she entered the room, she had walked up to the dressing table, which was at the farther extremity of the apartment, and had examined the beautiful opals, and laid them down again, to await the completion of her toilet. The toilet is now complete. The beautiful orange wreath is on her brow, one small orange is placed in the centre of the snowy blossoms, with their golden petals. She threw the bridal veil over all, and looked at herself attentively. Tho resemblance to Theresa was so striking, that any casual observer would have sworn it Wf.s Lady Theresa Waldegrave who stood before hiir. She was not fanciful j she never imagined ' sights or sounds, as those do who are more imaginative ;.but yet she .thought that she distinctly saw two forms paps, hand in hand, through the bed room door.. They were the forms of a tall, thin monk, with his black hood drawn .over his face, and ' by his side was a slight female form in gray, a white,shawl thrown over her head, and hiding her face. These two forms corresponded exactly with the description Lady Barbara had often heard of the ghostly vfejtauts of those apartments. " It • must be some triclr," she said to herself; but she had grown very cold-and pale, and trembled violently as. she spoke. "I will follow them .into the dressing room " Lqdy, l^rbara stood -for .& few . moments irresolute. ' Then, seizing a candle, with a sort of desperation she entered the dressing room. ... • • One of the windows was open, -and admitted a gust of wind, • which blew out her candle. But the- moonlight ./Streamed into the room, and lighted the stone terrace and the expanse of park beyond. One glance from that window was enough. There, hand in hand, crossing the moonlit grassland of the park, Lady Barbara saw the forms of a tall, thin, hooded monk, and of a woman in gray, with a white shawl thrown over her head and shoulders. Lady Barbara's self-possession forsook her at this sight. She rushed back to the bed-room, and closed the door, locking it, as if locks, and bolts,and bars could keepout the disembodied. She hurried to her dressing-table, and rang the bell for ber own maid. On the table was a maroon morocco casket. It was not there^ when she examined the opals. Tbecasketcontained a superb set of oriental pearls. There was a strip of paper, on which was written— " For tny dear eldest daughter Barbara, from her devoted and unhappy mother." " How could these pearls have been placed here," said Lady Barbara to herself, ringing again, with a cold and trembling hand, for her maid. Once more she looked from her window across the park—tho two mysterious forms and the young girl were just gliding into the shrubbery. The presence of the pearls, tho gradual disappearance of the two mysterious ghostly visitants, and the strange words which still seemed to sound in her ears, all conspired to chill Lady Barbara's blood in her veins, and to fill her heart and mind, for tho first time in her life, with superstitious fearB. She rang the bell again and again ; but her maid, busy with her supper and her flirtations, neither heeded nor heard. When at length she did repair to Lady Barbara's room, to assist hgr to undress, she found her young mistress 'in all her beautiful bridal apparel j Jjnt in a dead swoon on the floor. (To he continued.') * 