TH BATHE KuYaL. 'The Op eii a Season. Rossini's " Semiratnide" was repeated last night and to aa good a house bb might be expected in 13j»1 larat under such out-of-doors conditions as those then prevailing. The cast was as before, and the tendering of the miisie was as delightful aa on the previous occasion. Of the charming melodies and beautiful orchestral harmonies in the opera, it were a pleasant taj£ to Bpesk, were it at all a nece63ary one to undertake. As it is, the auditor and spec tator who " assists" at such a production a» this feels it a duty, almost, to pay some small tribute as well to the genius ot Ihe master who composed, as to the skill of his interpreters. Few persons at all inclined to things musical can help feeling grateful while he listens to this splendid composition of Rossini, and the orchestra now at the theatre here deserves all that we csn say of the merit of the instrumentation. Madame Escott as Semi ramide saDg with a charming swee'ness and freedom last night, and threw into her actiog the power find pathos which alternated 30 enjoyably in her previous rendering of the character. The scenery and dresses and grouping we have already spoken of iu our previous mention of the opera, but we may be pardoned for again saying that they were as beauii ful as a vision of youth fresh from the Oriental fas cinations of the Arabian Nights. Miss Hudson as Arsaces, Mr Baker as IdreDus, Mr De Huga as Assur, She Queen hersalf—all the leading characters, indeed, were pictures living and moving before us as if the wund of L?yard had evoked foe us on the banks of the Tigris or the Euphrates the old and buried notabilities of the crumbled and buried palaces of Nineveh and liibylon. Then what a mo tioulejs image in Parian marble Mr Sutcliffe looked like as the ghost of Ninus, and how his singing, so :iti-gho>tlibe, beat anything wo can conccive old Ninuu ever achieving. The look at the scenes paiuted by the scenic artist is alone worth a visit to the opera, so that the thing as a whole, with all its inability to rank with the presentations of the work in European capitals, is a treat to bo remembered very gratefully by the reasonable among our lovers of opera here. Aludarne Eacott was often, and heartily, and deser vedly applauded, and the other leading artiBtcs were also frequently cheered, and several calls before the curtain took placo. After the opera there was a ballet d' action by the Leopold family. This evening Mr W. S. Lysier will take hi3 benefit, when Don izetti's opera, "Lucrezia Borgia'' will bo performed, followed by Auber'a " Crown Diamonds," 