ferfles of Wit sift |)urjnrr. ? 9 ? What complaint is gas afflicted with ? — Con- ?umption. Why ought a dull man not to object to being horsewhipped? — Because it would make him. smart. Why would people older than yourself make good feeding for cattle ? — Because they are past your age (pasturage). 3Ir. Reynolds is the greatest skater of Louis ville. He has no legs and uses three skates, sitting upon one and using the other two with. his han^ff. ' Isn't there a strong smell of pigs ?' said a yachtsman at Ryde to a brother yachtsman named Smith. 'Yes,' replied Smith, ' that's because the wind is sou- west.' A clergyman once prefaced his sermon with, ' My friends, let us say a few words before we begin.' This is about equal to the man who took a short nap before he went to sleep. Both Sides. — Baron Alderson once, in reply to a Juryman's statement, that he was deaf in one ear, observed, ' Then leave the box, for it is necessary that Jurymen should hear both, sides. ' Coal-heavees NO CENTLESfEN. — A lady com plained of the insolence of coal-heavers. — ' To tell you the truth, madam,' answered the em ployer, apologetically, 'we have failed in oar efforts to get gentlemen to undertake the business.' Rabelais, the facetious divine, laid a wager that he would make a declaration of love in the pulpit ; accordingly, he took these words for his. text from the Canticles, ' It is for you, woman, that I die.' An Irish soldier, who came over with General Moore, being asked if he met with much hospi tality in Holland, answered, ' Oh ! yea, too much ; I was in the Hospital nearly all the time I was there.' R. H. Barham once said to a scapegrace ac quaintance, 'I predict, sir, that you will sink lower and lower, till you come to selling cards on a racecourse, and they will not be correct cards.' An American editor in puffing a ' down easter' hotel says that a new tooth-brush has been supplied for the wash-room, attached to a. strong iron chain, so that the public will always be accommodated in that respect. When a Kentucky Judge, some years since, . was asked by an attorney upon some strange ruling, '' Is that law, your Honor?' he replied, ' If the Court understands herself, and she thinks she do, it are !' A Western editor says that he will labor to put down the cause of drunkenness. As the cause of drunkenness is generally supposed to be strong liquor, he will no doubt put it down without the least trouble. — New York Paper. A voter deficient in personal beauty said to Wilkes, ' I mean to withdraw my countenance from you.' ' ALany thanks for the favor,' re plied the candidate, ' for it is the ugliest mug I ever saw in my life.' A young Irishman, wishiag to present his portrait to his lady-love without the fact be coming known, stipulated with the painter that it should be so painted that none but the lady would recognise the likeness. X young fellow once offered to kiss a Qua keress. ' Friend,' said she, ' thee must not da it.' 'Oh, by Jove, but I must,' said the youth. 'Well, friend, as thee hast sworn, thee may do it, but thee must not iimke a prac tice of it. I knew a young lady (says a well-known, alderman) who said she didn't like turtle soup. Affectionately rebuking her, I was answered, piteously, that she didn't so much object to the taste, but she thought it so cruel and wicked to kill turtledoves.' A wag, passing through a country town, ob served a fellow placed in. the stocks. 'My friend,' said be, 'I advise you by all means to sell out.' ' I should have no objection, sir,' the unfortunate drily replied ; ' but at present they seem much too low.' It wasn't such a bad notion on the part of n glover who hung up in his glove shop the fol. lowing placard : — ' Ten thousand hands wanted immediately !' and underneath it was written, in very small characters — ' To buy my gloves j the best quality.' Liberal Tbeatment. — 'Sure,' said Patriok, rubbing his head with delight at the prospect ot a present from his employer, ' I always mane to do my duty.' 'I believe you,' replied th* employer, 'and therefore I shall make you a present of all you have stolen from me during the year.' ' I thank your honor,' replied Pat; 'and may all your friends aud acquaintances trate you as liberally.' A BACHELOR'S EPITAPH. ' At threescore winters' end I died, A cheerless being, sole and sad; The nuptial knot I never tied, And wish my father ntver had.' Epitaph on a Likes Deafer— Cottons and cambrics all adieu, And muslins, too, farewell ; Plain, striped, and figured, old and new, Three- quarters, yard, and ell, By nail and yard I've measured ye, As customers inclined : The Churchyard now has measured me, And nails my coffin bind. At Philadelphia, during the recent session of the Equal-rights Convention, a ' strong-minded female' entered a crowded street-railroad car. An old gent, rose to give her a seat, but asked, 'Be you one of those women's (righ ten ?'„' I be.' ' You believe a woman should have all the rights of & man?' 'Yes, I do.' 'Then stand up, and enjoy them like a man,' retorted the old gentleman. Accordingly the lady ' stood up' for her rights, but she -would have. ' preferred to forego them, and sit down. The Two Ghosts,— Sir Walter Scott used to tell with muob zest a legend of a man who tried to frighten his friend by encountering him at midnight in a lonely spot which was sup gosed to be the resort of a ghostly visitant. te took his seat on the haunted stone, wrapped in a long white sheet. Presently, to his horror, the real ghost appeared, and sat down beside him, with the ominous ejaculation, ' You are a ghost, and I am a ghost ; let us come closer and closer together.' And closer and closer the ghost pressed, till the sham ghost, overcome with terror, fainted away. — Edinburgh Betiew. During a thunderstorm near Hull, lately, a Limb was killed ; the appearance of the ground was peculiar, the grass being ploughed up in radiating furrows from the centre, and at the end of each of the farrows ? was a round hole of ? about an inch in diameter. On digging down, the soil was found to be calcined by .the electric fluid. ' . Am 