TELEGRAPHIC. (rHOM OUB TBÜEOBAPHIO COBBESrONDENTS.) SYDNEY. Maroh 16. THE Government has remitted the duty on tho Queon of Spain's gift to St. Mary's Catho dral Tho Tinonee, B., will ooll off Moreton Island with tho QneonBland portion of tho English mails. The markots aro dull, and prices genorally remain unaltered. MELBOURNE. March 16. The Ireo Trado party have caused tho total failure of tho banquet to the delegates from the other colonies to the Postal Conference. None of that party attended. AREIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MALL VIA SUEZ, PEE, THE AYOCA, AT MELBOURNE. NEWS TO FEBRUARY 14 THE South Australian branch steamer Eangatira has arrived at Adelaide. The Avoca, P. and 0. Company's s., arrived at King George's Sound leaving Point de Galle on February 20. She experienced heavy weather on the passage, but arrived at King George's Sound on the night of the 9th instant. The Rangatira left for Adelaide next morning, the 10th. The passengers per Avoca are as fol- low :-For Sydney : Messrs. Harden, Skil ken, Archer, "Walker, Osbourne, Went- worth, Blake, Melford, Sullivan, Lindsay, and Heath. The latest dates from London by Indo European Telegraph are to February 14. ttENEHAL SUMMARY. LONDON, January 26. The Queen opened Parliament in person. In Her Majesty's speech an announce- ment was made that amicable relations existed between England and all the Foreign powers. Offers, it was stated, had been made by America for a friendly adjustment of the Alabama claims. The delegates from the Canadian provinces had agreed on a scheme of confederation uniting all the British North American colonies under one administration. Her Majesty ex- pressed her regret at the famine occasioned by the failure of the rice crops in India, and announced that directions had been given to the Indian Government to take | every means to alleviate the existing dis-1 tress. The speech further states that the restoration of public confidence was likely to lead to a discontinuance of exceptional legislation in that portion of the Empire. The attention of Parliament was called to the question of popular representation in the House of Commons. Her Majesty trusted that the deliberations of that Assembly would lead to the adoption of a measure of electoral reform, extending the franchise, without disturbing the balance of power which exists between the vaiious es tatesof the realm. Several newmeasures are announced to be brought forward during the session, including a Bill regarding Irish Tenant Rights. A commission to inquire into the question of Trades Unions is also'mentioned in the Royal Speech. London, February 9. Mr. Disraeli has made a statement in the House giving the basis of a new re- form measure about to be introduced. The Times condemns the Government programme. The demonstrations in favor of reform still continue. ßiots connected with the Fenian con- spiracy are expected to take place at Chester. Great distress exists among the popula- tion at the east end of London, inducing riotous proceedings. , Lord Ernest Vane Tempest has been sentenced to three months' imprisonment for an assault. Fifty persons have been drowned in the ornamental water in Regent's Park, by the ice breaking under them while skating. There have been great floods in York- shire during the month. OBITUARY/.-Earl of Kingston, and Generals Meath and Maulsey. The death of the Hon. Stuart Donaldson is announced. CONTINENTAL. LONDON, Jauuuary 30. Latest intelligence from Greece is to the effect that the Government intends in- creasing the army, on account of the threatening attitude assumed by Turkey. The debate on the -Emperor's address has opened in the French Chambers. It is believed that the jurisdiction of the Press will he transferred to the Correc- tional Tribunal. The French Ministry is being recon- structed. M. Fould, Minister for Finance, retires, and is to be succeeded by M. Rouher. Schleswig-Holstein has been formally incorporated with Prussia. The Emperor of Austria has resolved to grant a separate Legislature to Hungary. AMEEICA. President Johnson has vetoed the bill admitting the territories of Colorado and Nebraska to the Union. The Judiciary Committee are considered likely to report against the impeachment of President Johnson, or to leave it to the decision of the new Congress. COMMERCIAL. WOOL.-Since the close of the November wool sales there has been no enquiry, except for special descriptions, in which an ad- vance of Id. has been paid. It is thought unlikely that prices will be maintained at the March sales. The Money Market quiet. Bank of England rate of discount, 3 per cent. CONSOLS quoted at 90f to 90J. HIDES-The sales opened with consi- derable activity. The bulk of the Austra- lian hides offered for sale was disposed of. Best heavy realised 4^d. per Ib., and other descriptions in proportion. TALLOW.-Market quiet No alteration in prices. SUGARS are quoted Is. higher. The month's shipments for the Austra- lian colonies show a marked decrease. After the cricket match had concluded on Saturday last between the Victorians and the Athenians, the latter challenged the Brisbane men to various other athletic games, such as running, leaping, throwing the cricket ball, &c.; In all the contests which ensued, if we are correctly informed, the Athenians had an easy victory. We shall be very glad to see the friendly rivalry between Athens and Beetia diversified by a day or two being devoted occa- sionally to other things than cricket, for while we admire that sport, we don't think that it ought to monopolise our entire attention. THERE will be a grand soiréo and hall this evening at tho School of Arts, under the manage- ment of the Catholio Young Mon's Society. The arrangements aro likely to give gonoral satisfaction. THE City Volunteer Eire Brigade will drill this evening on Wickham Terrace. No. 2 Queensland Buiding Society holds its thirty-sixth monthly meoting to- night. Some Bharos will be offered for sale. THE torms upon whioh the Aboriginal Crickotors aro to visit Brisbane having been decided upon, a publie meeting was held at Lonnoborg's, on Saturday evening, for tho pur poso of appointing a committee to make the neeossary arrangements for tho match Abon- nais v. Brisbane. Dr. Gunn was in the chair. At tho request of the chairman, Mr. W. Q-. MocniBh read a letter that Mr. Buckland had rocoivod from Mr. Q-urnott, in which he accepted the terms offered by Mr. Lennoberg. A letter was also read from Mr. Bourne, in whioh ho expressed a wish to havo his name takon off the list of £5 guarantees, in caso any one else rotired. Mr. Beale said ho had been authorised by Mr. Q-. Cowlishaw to havo his name takon off the list. After somo discussion, tue chairman directed the names of Mossrs. Bourne and Cowlishaw to be erasod from the list. Other gentlomon in the room carno for- ward, and mado up tho amount that was guaranteed to Mr. Lenneborg. A committee consisting of the following gentlemen was formed for the purposo of making all necessary arrangements for the match :-Messrs. W. G-. Macnish, B. K. MacniBh, J. R. Handy, O. Stewart, J. ITrcnoh, Joseph Fowles, J. W. "Wilkio, and Dr. Gunn. Mr. J. W. Wilkie proposed that a solcction committco of Ave Bhould bo balloted for. The motion was car- ried. Messrs. W. Ge. Macnish, J. W. "Wilkio, J. French, Joseph Fowles, 0. Stewart, T. Costin, J. Beale, W. P. Barter, P. M'Grath, J. Eydor, and B. Moy were nominated, and when tho ballot closed it was found that tho first five had secured the most votes. It was decided that tlio match should come off on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, the 27th, 28th, and 29th of tho month. Messrs. R Lyons and J. Fowles were appointed to collect tho amounts guaranteed by the twelve gentlemen who have beeome responsible for the payment of Mr. Lennoborg, and Mr. W. Or. Macnish was ap- pointed to recoivo tho money aB it WOB col- lected. Thoy were also authorised to collect as much more aB they could, to defray the exponse of preparing the ground and other incidental exponscs. Any surplus that might remain would bo hold in trust for the Queensland Crickoting Association, about to bo formed. Wo understand that the managing oommitteo will moot on TuoBdoy evoning. A MATCH will bo played this morning botween tho first eleven of the National Club, and the nest best sixteen. The wickets will be pitched at half-past 10 in the Queen's Park. A CRICKET motoh will be played to-day between an eleven of the Bulimba Club and oloven of the Ironsides Cricket Club, wicket8 to bo pitched at half-past 10 o'olock on the Bulimba ground. The following aro tho names of the Ironsides team :-Mooro, Nicolle, Pringle, W. S. Hall, J. B. Hall, J. Woodyatt, G-. Grenfell, A. Scott, A. Outridgo, W. Carver, B. Jarrott, and R. Taylor. THE members of the Dramatio Club appointed last Wednesday evoning to wait on Mr. Byers, the lessee of the Boyal Victoria Hall, and ascer" tain from him on what terms and on which day he could let them have the use of the theatre, havo arranged with him for the performance to como off one day in the first week in April Mr. Byers also offered tho society tho services of Miss Julia Hudson and Mrs. Wilkinson, if required. It is needloss to say that tho offor was gladly accepted. DTTBINO- the,past two or three days the weather has been very changeable. The greater part of Friday was wot and cold, and anything but promising of good for our farmors and cotton planters. Saturday was more cheering, some portion of tho day being very fine and bright, and we were beginning to flatter our- selves that we bad got past the showery and windy weather altogether. Sunday morning was as fine as could be desired, but tbo day soon be- came oloudy, and there were cold showers with scarce a gleam of sunshine between, for the rest of tho day. Last night it looked clear and bright, and we aro again encouraged to hope that wo shall have a Bpell of dry worm weather now so very much needed. "THE weights for the Brisbane Cup, published in Saturday's issue, aro not likely to satisfy every one concerned therein, as that would bo a most unusual thing,-for, even in the smallest of handicaps some one has been found to complain though in most oases without a reason, for thoso that grumble most have generally been most successful. To our idea it is a very fair adjust- ment of weights, and we anticipate seeing the lot accept. A great many additions to the num- ber of horses in training about the city has been made lately, and amongst thom moy be noticed Countess, tho property of O. R. Holy, Esq., Fisherman, the hurdle horse, and a Pioneer oolt, the property of Mr. J. Collins, from whoso appearance great things ore looked for by some. Mr. Nolan's string comprises Grey Wallaby,. Whalebone, and a Corinthian horse. The race horse Rearguard has been disposed of. We hear that Mr. Bailey, the prosont owner, intends running him for the principal ovents at tho May Meet. Prince Rupert is again in training, and if his feet stand the preparation be will no doubt credit hiB owner with some of the nume- rous prizes that aro to bo run for during the season. The Hon. R. Pring's bay oolt, North , Australian, had a Bpin prior to his owner taking his departure for the North, and though it was his maiden go, gave great satisfaction. One or two of tho " early birds " seemed particularly anxious to back him at the meeting at Tatter sail's last Saturday evening, where by-the- bye, a good muster of sporting gentry assembled, and from the very liberal odds offered against the various horses in the Brisbano Cup, we wonder that moro business was not transacted. How over, several commissions from tho country wore executed with regard to Premier, and as the club meots three days a week until the Beason is over, it is quite on easy matter now to run the risk of winning or losing a thousand pounds for it is astonishing in a place like this to what an extent betting is carried on. We havo not yet visited ony of the training establishments, so cannot go into the oondition of the horses now training for the raoos. THE following is a list of the insolvency sit- tings to be held to-day, Monday, March l8 : First Sittings : Charles Sweetland, G. Wilson and Co., James Holmes, John Oxley Portus. Adjourned First Sittings ¡ William Wells, Robert J. Carson, David Broadfoot, Fattorini and Murphy, Skyrme and Ross. Adjourned Second Sittings : Skyrme and Ross. Third Sittings: Thomas Smith, William Handcock, James Miller, Beadmore and Co., Samuel P. Welsby, Louis Wissonbourg, Henry Hill, John Parkes, John Cameron, Ben., Horatio Hodges, Charles A. Phillips, Patrick Liddy, James Maskell, Francis S. Drake, Joseph Buoy. Adjournod Third Sitting : Herbert Evans. Certificate Sittings : Foxton, Leith Hay, and Co,, John M'Grath, William Coleman, Joseph Hogan, Alexander M'Quoon, Peter Hoffman, Thomas Coa;es. DOTOIAS JBBEOED'S drama, " Block-Eyed Susan," was producod at tho Victoria on Satur- day night last to a tolerably well-filled house. The manner in which it was porformed was warmly applauded. Mr. Massey'B dancing both in tbo jñoco and during the intorludo, was enthusiastically admired. The evening's amuse- ments oonoladed with n new farco, " Tho "Wind- mill Hill Man." To-night, being St, Patriok's, " Rory O'Moore " will bo produced, to bo fol- lowed by the comedy of " Delicate Ground." THE exciting drama Eugene Aram will be producod to-night at the Alexandra. During its performance the famous ghost illusion will be introduced. The amusements will bo concluded by a vocal and instrumental performance by the Kentucky Minstrels. TnE following figures show tho state of Hei Majesty's gaol in Brisbano for the week ending Maroh 16, 1867 :-For trial at Brisbane, 1 malo, 1 female ; for trial nt Maryborough, 1 malo ; imprisonment, 7 males, 4 fomales ; ponai servitude, 58 males ; hard labor in gaol, 67 males, 8 fomales ; 'debtors, 2 males ; fines, 3 males, six females ; bail, 1 male ; total, 130 males, 19 females. AEEANOESIBNTS, says our Ipswich contem- porary, havo been made between tho Govern- ment and the A.S.N. Co. respecting the erection of a wharf and store for the purpose of receiv- ing and storing goods under the extended Cus- toms Regulations, and the work, whioh is to be completed in six weeks, has been commenced. The cost of the new structures, which will join tho prosont premisos on the western side, will be borno by the Company, the Government agreeing to lease the same. The new wharf will be 60 feet by 25, supported on eight piles, averaging 40 feet in length, and all tho timber will be hardwood. The store, which will ad- join tho wharf, will be principally of hardwood, and the roof of corrugated iron. Its dimensions aro 64 feet by 20. The excavation required is about 80 yards, of which about 15 have been taken out. THE Queensland Times of Saturday last says, tho chango of the moon on Wednesday evening seems to havo brought with it the much desired return of fine weather. We moy expect now to hove some sunny days, and seo the> pickers in the cotton fields soon hard at work. The ground also is in fine order for the plough, nnd many will no doubt be busy preparing for next season's bay crop. Owing to the largo qnontity of land now laid down in cotton, neither green-Btuff nor oaten hay is likely to be- such a drug in the market as it was last season. THE election of an alderman in tho room of E. W. Robinson, Esq., J.P., who resigned, took place, says the D. D. Gazette, at tho Town Hall yesterday, at noon, There were but few ratepayers present, and Aldermen Snow ocoupied the chair. The chairman read tho following nominations :-Mr. Honeyohurcb, nominated by Messrs. Hooper, Sinclair,Tratban, Roylancc, Hutchinson, and Donovan ; and Mr. Joseph Wonderley, nominated by Messrs. Barry, Oelkers, Dimmer, Rees and Robinson, E. W. Robinson, Benjamin and Spiro, and D. Grigg. Mr. Honoychurch withdrew in favor of Mr. Wonderley, and the chairman duly declared him electod an alderman, to serve for two years in the Munioipol Council of Too- woomba. THE same paper observes that Mr. P. Drum- mond has been appointed third-class draughts- man in the Survey Department. Mr. Edward Greville has been appointed Telegraphic Agent for tho Government of Now South Wales. WITH referenoe to the reported cattle disease at Albury, the S. M. Herald of the 14th instant Bays :-" A telegram reoeived in Sydney yester- day says that the excitement which appears to be growing up under tho influence of country correspondents, in reference to some terrible disease said to exist among Bheep in this dis- trict, is all a delusion-the district being healthy to a degree." "THE Intercolonial Commissioners met in conference again yesterday," says the Age of the 9th instant, " but as it is still deemed de- sirable to keep tho proceedings private, wo can- not pretend to possess much valuable informa- tion upon tho subject. Tho discussion was very long and very animated, that the various dole gates exhibit a very keen regard for the in- terests of their respectivo constituents, but that they also exhibit a rational and forbearing spirit, whioh encourages us to hope for the most satisfactory results. It will toko much time to settle even tho postal question, not to mention the other points to bo dis cuBsed j but that there will bo a settlement, and a satisfactory one, we can safely predict." A MEEBOOTUTE paper gives the following particulars with reference to the late raoe meet- ing in Tasmania :-The amount paid ovor in prizes to the -winners of the late Launceston meeting was £1909 10s., of which Mr. O. B. Fisher took £105410s. j Mr. J. Tait, £532 ¡ Mr. J. Field, £90 5a. s Mr. J. Lord, £57 ; Mr. T. Cokor, £47 10s. ; Mr. S. Blackwell, £38 i Mr. J. Powoll, £28 10s. 5 Mr. T. B. Clarke, £23 15s. j and Messrs. H. D. Paw and T. W. Fiold, £19 eaoh. For the Champion Cup, there were fourteen horses paid up to the amount of £420, and five forfeits to that of £90, which, with the £500 stako, made the sum of £1010. The deduction of 6 per cent, left it at £959 10s. not. Of this Fishhook took £817, Volunteer £95, and Warwick £47 10s. The Tasmanian Handicap, of £100 prize, and twenty-two acceptances of £110, a total of £210, 'V y, less 5 per cent., £199 10s., was token by " Vblunteor j and the Leger of £100, with six nominations, amounting to £150, a total ol £250, or £237 10s. net, by Fishhook. Viotoria and New South Wales have therefore thoroughly skimmed the cream in Launceston, and Tas jnania solaces herself by saying that it was not so much tho horses as the jockeys that did it ; and believes that when her own ridorB have profitted by the lessons in scientific race riding afforded them by the strangers, the results will be somewhat different as between nativo and foreign horses.-Age. THE Melbourne Age of the 9th instant says : -" The betting has fluctuated a little on the Australian Cup, but the following list of prices may be taken as the present market rates : Warwick, 2 to 1 ; Exile, 8 to 1 ¡ Barwon, 4 to 1 ; Playboy, 10 to 15 Tim Whiffler, 5 to 1 ; Snip, 8 to 1 ; Toryboy, 8 to 1 ; Tornado, 5 to 1 ; Shenandoah, 8 to 1 ; Protection, 12 to 1 j Aggravator, 10 to 1; and Woodman, 8 to 1. Wnrwiok maintains his place at the top of tho list, whilst Exile has dropped considerably, and Barwon barely heads Tim Whiffler and Tor- nado. There has been some talk about Snip ; but, whilst 8 to 1 can bo had] about him, ho does not seem much of a favorite. It is not improbablo that tho betting may vary very much before the 16th; and it will not bo a matter of surpriso to fee both Barwon and Exile quoted at Bhorter prices." A telogram in the S. M. Herald of the 14th says:-"Tim Whiffler has gone up with a rush to the position of first favorite for the Cup, with Warwiok next." A COBBESPOHDENT sends to our contemporary tho Queenslander tho following information about tho breed of Chinese pigs now spreading through this colony, and rcfcrcnco to some fiuo speeimens of which, seen at the South Pino River, was made in this journal a few weeks ago : " The Chinese pig makes an excellent porker for this part of Australia, and is tho only ono of the family, so far as my experience goes, which fattens by grazing on tho natural grasses and roots of the oolonies. There aro two kinds of the Chinese hero, the black and the mixed. The former haB beon olready mentioned in your paper, and I Bhould consider decidedly the best, boing moro hardy and more easily fatted. There is a prejudice in some partB of New South Wales against tho Chinese pig. It is too fat for bacon, somo say, and with truth if the animal is allowed to fatten on offal. But if ho is allowed but a limited bit of grazing ground, including a bit of swamp and scrub if possible, the Chinóse is quite an- other animal. Whon fed thus, with an occa- sional bit of corn or other fodder, until eight or ten months old, and then takon in and stall fed with corn, garden or dairy refuse, in a few weeks he makes as fine a porker as one could wish for, and whon killed in winter makes good sound bacon." 