THE TBOTTlNG nORSE; A LEOEND OP TirE^MrfRnTjjrBiDb^. ; ; " "Well 1 don't it , thunder ; by Joyo! there's a crash, it puts me in mind of the night 1 camped at the Black Swamp." f ?; " Tell us about it ; I've heard of. the, place ; I believe nobody over camps there unless they are obliged even in the day time." ; ,;* '? .: ? . "Well, lads; it is a jolly good job we are not camping out to-night ; Xnever; did Bee, such lightning, except thatmight I spoke about.''. ' " Do tell us, Harry, 'to'pius the time away." " I don't much liko; speaking ¿bout it now ; 111 tellit,to-morrow." , .." ÖK'f nó/lét's have it now ;' we'want some-; thing! to cheer us." .??"¡,i'-: " "Well, if you will haye it, here goes, though i I don't¡ think it willcheer,you upmuch:- . "It is some, seven or eight years ago since I was droving for Binstead and Walker, the slaughter- men pf Ballarat; it took -some beef.uo supply the diggings[ at thattime,.!' can tellyou.i Bin- stead used tb;look after the WLUng, and "Walker used to travel about, buying up cattle. Jihad been with them some-time before that I speak about, but I had never been.injthis. part of the country before! They had been buying mostly round the Western . District», about Portland and that way ; but ;this: time he had bought about sixteen hundred head, at. different stations on the Lachlan,-and we.had mustered them at Coldwater, and pushed; across for .the Mittrúmbidgéé, intending to strike it where Hay stands now. I had never heard of the Black Swamp, though I had noticed it coming up, and thought it would make a good camp. Well, we mustered the cattle, as E said, and the next day we started; we got on. all right, though we had some regular Booshans among the mob, some that had never seen a white man before ; we had to . keep a sharp look out for them the first night, the next day we. had plenty to do to keep, them together, and when we came to the swamp ! at night w.e were pretty well, done up. Joe took the first watch and Toni and I turned in; it was a fine moonlight night ; and we could see almost as well as in the day timé. . Well, we had'nt been in the blankets more than two hours when it began to rain; Joe told us we had better get up and rig atilt to keep the .rest of the things dry, which we did. "WelL wo sat. there smoking and talk- ing ; the cattle lying as quiet as possible, for they were too toed to give us much trouble. The rain/came down^ heavier, and the thunder and lightning were awful ; I never saw the like before. Tom had just been speaking about it when I thought I hoard a horseman coming, up. It waa not dark, although there was a large black cloud overhead,, and I said I wondered who was out on the plains at this time of night ¿nd that he would get a jolly good/ducking. ""Why," says Tom, "he's coming this way," and we could distinctly hear the trot of the horse as plain as if he was on a metalled road. Joe remarked that ho supposed he could do a drink of tea when he came up, and. ran out, and put the billy by tko side of the . fire. Qa he came ; we could see him now * in the distance, and noticed that his horse knew how to trot; ! Tom said he supposed he was a stock j 'rider from some of the stations. Suddenly he cried, as we all jumped to; our feet, " Why, I'll be - it ho ian't going right through the cattle.' Tom and Joe went to their horses, which were close by ready sad- dled, and off they went ; I stopped there. I could hear them swearing as they galloped to-¡ wards him, but he kept trotting on as uncon- cernedly as if he Had done, no harm ; I expected to see Tom strike him with the stockwhip, but when they came nearer their horses started so .that. Joe was pitcned off ; Tom kept'his seat, but he jolted up and stared at the trotter who pass- ed him as if he never saw him. 1 had caught j and saddled a horse, by this timo, and was in tho act of mounting when he came up ; I roared out, ' What tho devil did you go through the cattle for ?' Ho never answered, but a flash showed mo his face as he turned it towards me ; I never saw such a gastly sight before, and hope I shall never seo such another. It struck me dumb. I sat on the horse and stared as Tom had done. I never believed in. ghosts before, and don't think I'm much of a coward, but I'll own I was frightened that time. However, I recovered first, and off I went to where Tom and Joe were still standing. ' "What shall wo do?' said Joe, trembling so that his teeth chattered. 'Do,' said I, ' why muster the cattle, and keep together for the remainder ¡of the night, and go and fetch our things from the camp in the morning ; for. we none of us would go back then. ¡ The trotter kept on; wo could' hear the regular beat of his horse's feet, and every now and then a flash of lightning, would show lum to us. He was going right across the swamp; but still his horse made as much noise as il he was on a hard road We started as hard. as our horses could go, as soon as we got over it a little, and : had made up our minds, as I said before. We < had a hard ride, but the rain gave ¡over, , soon ! after we started, and the mo oil came out again. We mustered the cattle, all but five head, bathe course of the night, and picked up our packs and spare horses next morning; The next night we were far away from the Black. Swamp, and I haye taken care never to go there to camp since." , / . " But,. Harry," said; I, when he stopped, " who is he, there miist be some yarn about him." ¡ "Well, you see¿ I don't rightly know,'I have heard two or three difteront yarns about; him; and I don't know which is the truth : one says ho was killed by the blacks, and his bones haying never boon found, he1 will , haunt the; swamp: until they are. Another , yarn goes that it is a stock-rider who got löst; and perished for want of water; they say ne'just' had strength to crawl to the top of the sandridge, and died in sight of the very thing that would have saved. him, but it is two good miles from the ridge to the Swamp. i;don'tknow how it was/but I have heard plenty, speak about it since then," and! nobody camps there. And now, 1 think it is time to" turn in; so good night, lads, and don't-dream of erhosts. ' . ? ; ? , -, G. E.: 33. A CJMSVEIV HOUSE.--A'.féat of the late Colonel Standen of tho Guards, now' more than forty years ago, created a great sensation at,the time. At the finish !of a severe run with the'Hon.; Grantley Berkeley's staghbunel«, " the Colonel and Mr George Payne^ were riding to save the deer, when they came ia the river Brent, over which was a wooden bridge for foot-passengers, with á stile at each end. Tho bridge; was thirty three feet long,- and'only twenty niches broad,' and more than twenty loet down to, tho water. Colonel Standen* jumped hiB horse .on'fd it; crossed the bridge, juinped4urii oif agaihi ond1 saved tho deer !-Baily's Magazine. 1, Tire DUKE OF HAmr/roif is said'tb have pre-', sented Page} the rider of Cortolvin in tub Livor pool Ste.oploohaso, .Willi'»' gratuity'of cGCOO.-' Sj/ar/iiiy- Life. 