PSESENTIMENTS. As the appearence of the sun paints itself on the atmosphere before it rises, io the spirit of great events strides on before them, and to-morrow walks in to-day. I have always had strange musings oa what one reads abont the death of the Fourth Henry. He felt the ghost of the dagger in his breast long before the murderer Raviallic armed himself witn it. Rest fled from him ; the thought seized on him in his Louvre; drove him into the open air ; the coronation, feast of his consort sounded 'to' him like a funeral ; he heaid with bod -ng ear the footsteps thai songht him through the streets 4f Paris. ' Does the inner : bonding voice say nothing to yoa ?'asks theCoantess. '. ' Nothing,' he replies ; ** be calm.' And then the Countess tells of another dre.-tm, in which she saw; Wallensiein going before her through along passage and long never-end.ng hell doors slamming all the time, till at length a cold band touched her, and* on looking to see whose it was, she fonnd it was *'allen stein'u, while over both a Ted cover seemed to be laid . 'That is the red carpet of my room,' says Wellensteio, interrupting her. A little later and the doors are burst open by the murderers, and Wallen- . stein's b .-dy is carried across the stage wrapped in a red carpet. Here we have the true law abont presentiments laid down by a firm believer. in them. Wallenstein knew that neither he, noV any of his train, could be impartial at , such a moment. Anything of tbe nature «f a ' warriiug^gnust __ be suspected as spriogiag from ' native apprehension. Though he himself was calm at the thought of quitting the :-mpenal service and joining the Swedes, the followers were full of the regrets and possi bilities which a man who has resolved .on si gTea»_' . 8bp generally dismisses as idle, but whichhis friends^ feet strongly for hint. Bat ihe man himself may' well feel nervous, and what is easier than to interpret iiis nervousness as a warning? Many of the presentiments we have in history are tainted by this . blemish. In the history . of Luther we hear of Melanethon being ill, and having a ** presentiment'' that he wonld die : Lather came and prayed at his bedside, and he recovered. Evidently in this case ibe presentiment was nothing bat the- natural /ear tif the sick man ; bot if this bad not yielded -to* iha stronger faith inspired, by Luther's prayer,: the presentiment would probably have come '(roe. Again, when Lather left his wife on his last journey, she had. a presentiment that he wonld never return. He never did return. Yet how can you tell that her presentiment was not a woman's natural uneasiness at seeing her husband start on a journey, and. Vas interpreted after bis death into a presentiment?' M.oeart*8 presentiment of his approaching death .wa*. of the same class as Melancthoo'-s,- oaly, -frwn sou being properiy combated, it Jcabfe true. ~ He was convinced that some one had given him poison ; and he said he bad the taste of death on bis tongue and that he smelt the grave.* There can be little donbt that all this was occasioned by overwork .and an intensely servbus temperament. As soon as ibe composer's work was taken away from him he began to get better, but he returned to work too«oo%and a relapse was tbe conaequeuce. Compare tbis* with what seems the most genuine case of presemimenr, an event occurring to Czar Paul four or five days before bis assassination. He was riding, and be turned suddenly to his Grand Master of (he Horse, saying, ' 1 felt quite suffocated — I could not breathe — I felt as if I was going to die. Won't they strangle me ?' Tbe incident was related to the Russian general officer, in whose papers it is recorded the very same evening by the Grand Master himself. It was no doubt natnral that a Czar -should expect to be strangled, but why should he have had this feeling of suffocation, and why should it have -come to him so few days 'before he was actually strangled ? ' — Corahill Magjstne. 