GRANT FORD GRANGE. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. CHAPTER VIII. THE GIPSY'S PROPHECY. THERE were left beside the lake only the little Otho and his tutor. The latter had dismounted, and sat upon a broken mass of grey sandstone. Until the graceful form of the lady Geraldine had disappeared from view, his eyes had remained riveted upon her. When she was gone he covered them with his hand and remained motionless. Little Otho stole toward him and stood watching him, with his young eyes grown solemn and earnest. Either the tutor had forgotten his pupil's presence, or quite disregarded it, for after a few moments he began to mutter to himself, and finally, lifting up his voice spoke aloud : "Unhappy wretch that I am. Must it be for ever ? That which should be mine snatched from me by another. First, my name and fortune, now my love. Miserable, miserable man, why is this doors upon thee ?" As he spoke, he arose, clenched his hands and lifted them towards heaven. It might have been in prayer or in anathema. The wonder- ing child gazed on. He was a brave, bright boy, and not easily alarmed. He liked his tutor. Sympathy was strong within his bosom, and he advanced toward him until he touched him with his little palm. At the touch the tutor started. "Don't feel bad— don't look so, Mr. Mal- colm," said the child. "I'll be a man soon— Mr. Otho Grantford and I'll make the bad people give you back your fortune. Who has got your fortune, Mr. Malcolm ?" The tutor glanced downwards. His dark eye met the child's, bonny and blue as the skies above them. By an impulse he stooped and caught the little form close to him. In all his years of care and kindness, it was the first time he had ever caressed the boy. The little creature loved caresses. He stole his arm about his tutor's neck, and stood between his knees, looking at him curiously. In a moment he spoke again : "Who took your fortune, Mr. Malcolm ? You said some bad people had taken, first your fortune and then your love ; who are they ? Who is your love ? Rosy used to be mine. Rosy is mine now— my true love ; so Hagar said." "Rosy— Hagar ! who are they ?" asked the tutor. "No matter," said the child; "you never saw them. Is Geraldine your love ?" The tutor gave a start. "Why do you ask ?" he said. "Because I can't think of any one else, and because you talked so long together, and Miss Henderson took her away. Miss Henderson isn't bad, though, is she ?" "No, Otho. Hush, child ?" The boy played with his tutor's dark hair. "No matter," he said. "I will be a man soon, and you shall have half my fortune, and we will take our true loves and run away into the greenwood and be gipsies— happy gipsies and never look at books again, and never learn Latin. But first we'll kill the man who had your fortune. Who is he ?" As he spoke a change came over the tutor's features. He trembled from head to foot, and glared upon the pretty face before him with the eyes of a maniac. "Kill," he said— "Kill him ! Ah, to think how little lies between me and my heritage ! A life— a little life ! So slight a thing that the close clasping of my hands about the neck would end it. A child's life ! And we are alone together, unless some ghost haunts those wilds. Alone— alone and who would hear— who would see— who would fancy I had killed him ! Ah, do you know what the demon whispers to me, little Otho Grantford ? do you know, boy— do you know ?" "You hurt me," cried the child— "you hurt me !" The clutch the tutor had fixed upon his arm relaxed. "Do I hurt you, child ?" he said. "I did not mean to. Oh, no— I did not mean to. I love you ; and yet I ought to hate you. I ought— In the name of Heaven, what is that ?" He spoke in the belief that an evil spirit had arisen before him. A moment's glance assured him that the face suddenly thrust into his own, and the long, lean, brown hand which clutched his arm, were human. From some lurking-place hard by, the gipsy boy who had been seen by Miss Henderson in converse with the groom, had risen suddenly ; her elf locks floating in the rising breeze, her brown face browner when contrasted with her scarlet hood. She peered into the young man's face and laughed. "Why so down-hearted, pretty gentleman ?" she said. "That's not a face to bring a frown to any lady's. Sweet kisses come to such lips of themselves, and you sit as though you were to be hung to-morrow. All for a lass, and the lass loves you. Cross my hand with silver, and I'll tell you how to win her." The tutor fixed his eyes upon her and laughed harshly. "You gipsies fancy all trouble is for love," he said. "There are other things to make the heart ache." "Love is the bane of half the world— gold of the other," said the gipsy. "Both work you ill. A life between you and gold, and a life between you and love. Ah, but our gipsy lads win their loves, though they wade in blood to reach them." "Has the fiend who whispered but now to me been with thee ?" asked the tutor. The gipsy laughed, and held out her wrinkled hand again. "Cross my palm, pretty gentleman," she said "and I'll read the stars for you. There are good things waiting for you. Cross my palm, and you shall hear them. Luck's in store for the pretty gentleman yet, or the stars lie." "If you read good in them for me, they lie indeed," said the tutor. "I was born under an evil planet. Disappointment has been mine from the cradle. Gipsy, if there be one star of evil omen beyond all others, that star is the star of my destiny. Black from the first, black to the last. Take your silver," and he flung a coin to her, "but keep your good predictions, your promises of love and gold, for some man hopeful enough to believe them. I am not." The hag caught at the silver and curtseyed. "Blessing on the pretty gentleman," she said, "and let luck come like a flock of swal- lows. The gipsy's word always brings luck. It's coming over the sea to you, my pretty gentleman," and hobbling away, she disappeared from sight. The tutor arose. "It is late, Otho," he said ; "mount Shag and ride beside. I want to talk with you." The boy obeyed, and the two left the lake side together. They rode on in silence for some time. At last when in the fading sunlight the village appeared in sight, the tutor paused. "You know the way to the Grange ?" he asked. "Yes, sir." "You would not lose yourself were I to trust you alone." "No indeed, sir." "I intend to send you home alone. I have business elsewhere. Good bye, Otho." He took the little hand and held it. "If you were never to see me again, would you remember me, Otho ?" he asked. "Always," said the boy. "But I shall see you again; Mr. Malcolm." "Can I tell ? No one can be sure of anything in this world." "So our curate, Mr. Helmstone, says. I don't believe it. I know I shall have the Grange for my own and be Lord Otho Grantford when I am big. It's my luck to have it, Hagar says. Hagar knows more than Mr. Helmstone." "Hagar again ?" The boy laughed. "No matter. I'm sure you'll come to dinner. I shall see you then. Good-bye." The tutor echoed the word : "Good bye." There's to be plum-pudding at dessert," said the child ; "and how Miss Henderson will scold if we're late. Hi, Shag !" And pony and his master turned toward the Grange and left the tutor sitting his horse like a statue carved in stone. It was five minutes before he stirred. "Farewell, Lord Grantford—farewell," he said, at length. "Little you guess how you have wronged me. Is it fate, as the gipsies say, and are some men 'lucky' and some unlucky ? Who is he who is to have my love— my dear love, who loves me ? Madness ! misery ! If she hated me it would be easier to bear. Keep us apart, kind Heaven ! for he is to be her husband and though I can bless the boy who has stolen my heritage, I must curse— I must hate the man who weds Lady Geraldine Osprey. Keep us apart, I pray, lest I slay him ! She is right— I must go." He lifted his hands toward the sky, cast a wild glance upon the distant towers of Grant- ford Grange, muttered : "Nameless— loveless— accursed ! Surely a ban is upon me !" And then setting spurs to his horse, galloped away at a rate which raised clouds of white dust upon the chalky road over which he flew. When he had gone at least so far as to be out of sight and out of hearing, a strange thing happened. From behind a little rising ground covered with young and stunted oaks emerged a form. Seen in the distance, it appeared like some odd monster, but on a nearer approach the last golden rays of the sunset revealed a wild-looking Shetland pony with a boy upon his back. It was little Otho and his favourite Shag. Advancing slowly at first, and looking cautiously about him, the boy appeared to fear observation or detection. But soon discovering the coast was clear, he tossed his little Scotch cap in the air, gave a shrill, childish cheer, and urging Shag to his utmost speed, galloped straight back to the margin of the lake. CHAPTER IX. ANXIOUS HOURS. DINNER was waiting at the Grange. The cook angry at a delay which ruined a pet dish ; Miss Henderson struggling between a sense of decorum and a good appetite and Otho and his tutor not yet returned. The lady just mentioned paced the floor and glanced from the windows and vented her decorous wrath in words as decorous. "Highly improper. A want of punctuality is a sad thing in one who undertakes the in- struction of youth. Sad indeed. Mr. Malcolm should remember that. We have waited for him twice to-day, love." Geraldine arose. "Let us dine alone," she said. "There is no need of waiting." And glad of the excuse, she led the way to the dining-room. To meet Lionel that day, as they were wont to meet, she felt would have been too severe a trial. The meal passed in silence Miss Hender- son's unusually sharp appetite prevented her from noticing that Geraldine made the merest pretence of eating. And when it was over both ladies adjourned to the parlour. Even through the heavy windows and dropped curtains they could hear the rising storm wind blowing from the lake shore. And Miss Henderson listened with more and more impatience. "The child will certainly catch cold, she said. "I must say Mr. Malcolm, though so very agreeable in his manners, does not do his duty. He does not encourage solid qualities in his pupil ; though in his education Othe im- proves." "Yes, he does improve. He is a fine boy a very promising child. The only thing that troubles me is his wildness and a certain gipsy look ; like his mother's, my dear exactly like his mother's." "You think she actually was a gipsy, then, Miss Henderson ?" asked Geraldine. "Something very odd at least, my dear." "Did she love my uncle ?" "Bless me, my dear, when a lady is fond of her husband does she run away from him ?" "Certainly not. She might, though, if she hated him. Fancy the life a woman would lead bound to one whose every look and tone disgusted her. Fancy the acts a woman might be forced to by her abhorrence. The horrible shame which would possess her— the—" She paused, hiding her face in her hands and Miss Henderson, stupefied with amaze- ment, regarded her for a few moments in utter silence. Then, folding her hands on her belt, she said firmly : "My love, no person of propriety would place herself in such a position. You are allowing your imagination to carry you away." Geraldine heard and forced a laugh, which musical as it was, had no mirthful ring. "I am an odd girl," she said. "Don't be angry with me. Of course you are right. No good woman would live for such a fate." The ladies had taken their seats before the low fire which, after eventide, had always been lighted in the parlour of the Grange, even in that bland autumn weather. To-night it was very acceptable, for the air had grown rapidly cold and piercing. Geraldine sat gazing into it as though she could read her destiny in those blazing embers. And for a while silence reigned unbroken. The flickering blaze and the light of the wax candles on the chimney-piece made the apartment look cheerful ; but without, the meaning of the ris- ing wind gave token of an approaching storm and as the gale grew stronger Miss Henderson arose and approached the window. Putting back the crimson curtains which veiled the panes, she looked out into the night, and strove to pierce the shadows which veiled the road by which little Otho and his tutor must return to the Grange. Light yet lingered in the leaden sky, and the dark masses of foliage whirled backward and forward as the trees bent before the blast ; the whirling clouds of dust and the strange lurid glare upon the horizon so often the precursor of arising tempest, were more sombre than total darkness would have been. Miss Hender- son shuddered. "I trust Otho will come to no ill," she said. "It is very wrong of Mr. Malcolm." "Ill may have come to him !" and Geraldine, in a low voice. "For aught you know, he may be detained by accident." "I hope not !" ejaculated the governess. "In that case, what would dear little Otho do ? The child would be certainly lost !" Geraldine had risen, and stood at Miss Hend- erson's side. It had grown darker in those few moments, and both ladies pressed closer to the window to discern the objects dimly visible without. From where they stood they could see the white road winding towards the lake, and upon it a dark object. "What is it ?" cried Miss Henderson. "What is it ?" echoed Geraldine. "I hear the tread of a horse," said the governess. "How silly I am, love— they are coming." "One of them," said Geraldine, in a husky whisper. "There is but one horse and that oh, Heavenly Father, have mercy— that is riderless !" And with one accord both ladies left the window, and flew towards the broad hall. "Quick, quick !" cried Geraldine. "To the gate— all of you— to the gate !" And a troop of frightened domestics had filled the hall, and dashed out into the night upon the instant. There covered with foam, stood the horse upon which Lionel Malcolm had ridden from the Grange ; the saddle displaced, and a few drops of blood upon his white main— blood, not his own, but human. At the sight of this Geraldine sank fainting into the arms of her governess. In the first place, all that the terrified domestics could do was to stare at each other, and utter lamentations. "There's been on accident !" "Where ? How did it happen ? When ?" They asked questions, and found no answer. Miss Henderson alone retained some of the presence of mind on which she prided herself. "No time is to be lost !" she said. "Thomp- kins, Peter, John— you three take lanterns, and go along the road. You, Dillworth, saddle a horse, and ride at your best speed for Dr. Lang- forth ; and you, Edwards, take the chaise, and request Mr. Helmstone to do us the favour of coming to the Grange. He will be a comfort to us, and I fear we shall need comfort." Having given those orders, Miss Henderson, assisted by the maids, conveyed the fainting form of Geraldine to her own apartment, where for a long time they administered restoratives without avail. At last her eyes enclosed ; life came slowly back and seeing her safe, Miss Henderson could not refrain from leaving the room, and joining the few domestics left below upon the porch. All distinctions were forgotten. They re- membered only their mutual anxiety. The lady and the servants were only terrified women. Each found comfort in the other's presence. "Shag didn't come, you know Miss," said the cook. "Perhaps Otho ain't hurt at all." "The child would not leave his tutor ; I know his disposition," said the housekeeper, Mrs. Mead. "Doubtless he'll be found watch- ing over him, Miss Henderson." "Heaven grant it !" said the governess. "We should not have left them alone ; yet who could foresee this !" The housemaid began to cry : "Poor Mr. Malcolm ! such a pretty man, and so sweet spoken. Only think of him lying dead on the road !— Oh, gracious ! oh, my ! a ghost — a ghost !" She shrieked, and fled, for from the shadows, of the hall emerged a figure dressed in white with streaming hair, and clasped hands. It was Geraldine, clad in the snowy dressing-gown in which her maid had enveloped her. She had caught the last words, and repeated them : "Dead— dead— dead on the road ! Oh, Lionel, Lionel— just as I had been so cruel to you ! Oh, my love— my life— my treasure— do not die, not to-day ! I shall never cease to be miserable ; I shall think myself your murderess. Oh ! Lionel, Lionel." "She's certainly delirious," cried Miss Hen- derson. And the weeping maid, who had followed her from her chamber, ejaculated : "Oh, Miss I am sure she is. She frightened, me so— she did indeed— that my heart was in my mouth. Oh my poor lady— " "Come back to your own room, Geraldine," said Miss Henderson, sternly. And Geraldine passively obeyed. The momentary excitement seemed gone, and all her strength, with it. She allowed them to put her to bed as a weary child might have done.— Only once she spoke : "Dead— is he really dead ?" "We know nothing yet, love," said Miss Hen- derson. "They may be both uninjured, or only slightly hurt." "But some one said he was lying dead upon the road. I heard some one say that," said Geraldine "A mere surmise— a servant's foolish speech. Your cousin may be safe." "My cousin ?" said Geraldine, dreamily. "Yes, yes I forgot Otho. I hope the child is safe. Yes Otho is not home yet." "Gracious goodness !" ejaculated Miss Hen- derson, "forgot Otho. She must be mad." Geraldine said no more. Indeed, to those about her, she seemed to fall asleep. In reality it was not sleep, but stupor. The events of the day had been too much for her brain. She was already seriously ill, and in great danger ; although, in the anxiety of the moment, the fancy never entered any one's mind. In less than half an hour Mr. Helmstone arrived, hardly less agitated than were the in- mates of the Grange. Shortly after Dr. Lang- forth, the family physician, made his appear- ance. The governess found comfort in the presence of these two gentlemen as women will in that of the sterner sex in times of trouble ; yet they could do little but wait with her, watching from the window the rising storm, and listening in vain for the return of those who had gone forth from the Grange in search of the missing ones. By this time all Amesbury knew that some accident had befallen little Otho and his tutor, and men and boys, gentle and simple, had turned out with lanterns and torches. These lights the watchers at the Grange could see dancing through the darkness, and they seemed to add to their anxiety and terror, for farther and farther they retreated, never pausing never advancing toward the Grange and they knew by these signs that the last ones were not found. Dr. Langforth took out his watch and looked at it. It was nearly ten. "Growing late," he said. I feel that I am doing wrong in waiting idly here yet should any serious accident have happened, it would be best for me to be at the Grange. This is very strange, Mr. Helmstone." "Strange and terrible," said the clergyman. "I would good news would come." "The accident may have happened near the lake itself," said Miss Henderson. "We went there to-day, and lady Geraldine and myself rode home, attended by Peter. They were to follow." "If that were so, we need not hope to see them for many hours," said the doctor. "In- deed, in this storm they will hardly reach the spot at all." "The poor, poor child," said Miss Henderson, bursting into tears. "He will perish even if unhurt." "Nay ; he's of sturdy stuff," said the doctor. "Have courage, Madam. Look— are the lights coming this way ?" "It was but a false hope. Some of the party had paused to examine something, and they were going on again. At last one after the other vanished in the distance, and the watchers at the Grange saw nothing but the darkness. "It is distracting," said Miss Henderson. "I thank Heaven Miss Geraldine sleeps through it." At this moment a shriek like that of a lost spirit echoed through the Grange, and the three who heard it sprang to their feet with one ac- cord just as the door burst open and Geraldine's maid rushed in. "Oh, my poor lady," she cried. "Come, come, come." And Miss Henderson, with hasty steps, took the way to Geraldine's apartment, the physician and clergyman following her. Geraldine was lying upon her couch, her cheeks glowing, her eyes aflame. As they entered, she beckoned them to her with her small right hand. "Hush !" she whispered. "Hush ; he asked me the reason— he whom I loved so I could not tell him ; but I will tell you, for you are all ghosts. It's for my brother's sake— my poor brother. I did it to save him. But the ring will kill me. Fancy his hand putting the wedding ring on my finger— his horrible hand. Oh, Lionel, Lionel. No— I remember now. I mustn't tell— I mustn't tell. Go-go- go !" Her voice rose to a scream, and Miss Hen- derson clasped her hands wildly. "She is delirious," she said "one terrible trouble after the other. Oh, what a fearful day this has been !" The physician bent over her and felt the fevered pulse. "She needs great care," he said. "Be calm, madam ; all your calmness is needed— all your strength." And Miss Henderson, with a heavy heart and dreary anticipations, sat down beside her pupil's couch to watch the night through. CHAPTER X. EVIL TIDINGS. MORNING broke over the Grange amidst clouds and moaning winds. Without was the storm, within a gloom more terrible. Geraldine tossed in the delirium of fever upon her couch, and there was no news of the missing ones. When news came, it could scarcely be anything but the worst, and was now dreaded rather than hoped for. When, from the drawing-room window, good Mr. Helmstone saw forms approaching the Grange through the dense fog, he felt a longing to fly and hide himself as a child might. Conquering it, however, he went down to the hall, and stood there, waiting until the footsteps ascended the doorsteps. Then he opened the door and went out to meet them. The foremost of the group looked at the others, and then held out what he held in his hand. Some boys' clothing ; a little Scotch cap, a plaid rent in two, and a shoe. Mr. Helmstone looked, at them. One glance sufficed. They were the garments he had often seen little Otho wear. "Where did you find these he said. "Down along side of the lake," said the man, in a husky voice. "The clothes— the— cap— I have to bring bad news. The cap was in the lake." The old man trembled like a leaf. "My child my poor little Otho," he gasped. "And Mr. Malcolm Lionel ?" "We've found nothing else," said the man. "Likely both are drowned. Perhaps the boy got in and the master tried to save him. We think so. I seem sort o' unfeeling, likely, but I don't feel so. I haven't the knack of talking, parson." "No, no, my friend," said Mr. Helmstone. "But this is so now. I loved both the child and the young man. I wish my old life could have been taken and choir's spared, but God's will be done." He could say no more, but turned away, bearing the garments they had placed in his hands with him. It was, perhaps, the saddest moment of his long life. Down in the kitchen the servants talked the matter over, and drank a good deal of tea and some beer to console themselves. The rather pleasant excitement which family afflictions always awaken in the kitchen cabinet kept them from low spirits, though every female carried a span clean handkerchief in her hand, and talked of that poor, dear little Otho, and poor, dear, handsome Mr. Malcolm. Miss Henderson, perhaps, suffered more than any one. Geraldine was unconscious. Mr. Helmstone had a courage and trust in Provi- dence which few mortals are happy enough to possess. The doctor was grieved and shocked, but that was all. But when the eyes of the governess rested on the dainty little garments over which the curate bowed his head, her courage quite gave way, and, for the first time in her life she fell to the floor in a death-like swoon. "We shall never see the child again," she said, when she recovered "ever. I have given up all hopes. Were he alive, he would have been found before now. But Mr. Malcolm — is he also dead He was a man and a strong one. This horrible mystery— oh, this horrible mystery. I could have borne better to see the little darling dead upon his pillow. Then we should have known the worst. And oh, what will the worst be when we know it ?" She might well ask. In a few hours, the horror which hung above the Grange grew so great that even the domestics ceased to enjoy it, and were so completely uncomfortable that they put their clean handkerchiefs away and cried in earnest, with their aprons to their eyes. The mystery grew darker thus : About four in the afternoon Jonathan Johns came into the parlour, where Mr. Helmstone sat alone, and said, in a suppressed voice : "Somebody wants to see one of the family, sir. Miss Geraldine ant fit to be spoken to now sick as she is and I think you'd be better than Miss Henderson. So I thought I'd ask if I should send him in. I think, sir, it's pretty bad kind o' news." "I fear no other can came to the Grange just now," said the pastor. "I fear so too, sir," said Jonathan. "Well, I'll send him." And he vanished. In a moment more a gaunt, grim-faced man stood at the door, looking at the pastor. His head was like that of some stern old Roman. His features cast in the same mould. His form thin but sinewy, and his mouth expressive of resolution and determination. He made no inclination, no sign of respect ; yet his aspect forbade a suspicion of intentional rudeness. Without a pause he stalked in and seated himself opposite Mr. Helmstone. "You're Parson Helmstone, I believe, sir," he said. "Yes, my friend," replied the old man. "I've heard you preach often, and I've been edified for all I'm not Episcopal," said the man. "I seem to know you as if I had been ac- quainted years. But you hadn't seen me, it's likely. I'm Ebon Oats. Only this morning I heard what had happened up here. I've been up North, to buy furs agin the winter trade. I come along him by Ontario, so's to see a brother o' mine, a captain of a boat on the lake. I got ashore this e'en ; the night of the storm ; the night the little boy was first missing." The look, with which he uttered the last words made the old man's blood run cold. "Do you know anything of our poor child ?" he gasped. "I couldn't put my hand on the Bible and say as I know," said the man. "But I believe for sorting that I do. There's been foul play, sir. The boy has been murdered." "Murdered ! who would murder a babe ? Mr. Malcolm indeed may have fallen a victim !" Eben Oats interrupted him. "Mr. Malcolm is safe," he said. "I never want to shock people, but if I wasn't in the society of a clergyman I couldn't call him Mr. Malcolm, quiet like, without a word or two before the name. There's no harm come to him." Mr. Helmstone said nothing, He could only stare at the speaker as one might at some fearful thing in speechless terror. "I came along by a road where I could see the Lake that night. It was blowing great guns, and I'm not a member of a teetotal society yet, so I thought I'd warm myself with a dram. There was only one place with a light in the window, and that was Pete Atkins's. He knows me and I know him. I went in. Well, we were talking and drinking, when a knock comes on the door and some one said : " 'This is a tavern, I believe.' " 'Taint nothin' else,' says Pete. " 'Can you accommodate me,' says the man, 'for the night ?' " 'Room enough,' says Pete. " 'And in walks a gentleman. His fore- head was cut and bleeding, and he looked very pale. He asked for a glass of liquor and some- thing to eat, and sat down. Seemed to me I knew the face, and soon it came to me. The gentleman that was teaching Mr. Grantford's little boy. I always liked him. So up I walks. " 'Evenin,' says I. "He nods. Says I : " 'You're a good way from home, sir.' " 'I am,' said he. 'Are you a Virginian !" "I laughed. " 'No,' says I ; 'I'm talking the Grange.' " 'Ah,' says he. Yes, I shall be farther to- morrow.' " 'Going away ?' says I. " 'Yes,' says he— 'going away.' " 'Little boy will miss you,' says I. "He made no answer, and said I : " 'You've been hurt, I see.' " 'I was thrown from my horse,' he said, and then got up from the table. " 'I've changed my mind,' he said ; 'I will go on to-night,' and he paid Pete for his meal and walked off. "His head was cut and his face as white as a sheet, and there was mud and dust on his clothes. 'Twasn't my business, though, for all I knew, he'd been in a fight, as every man has a right to. I'm sorry now. Parson Helmstone, the boy has been murdered, and you can judge who murdered him." "No one I know—no one I ever saw," cried Mr. Helmstone. "There are men bad enough to be Satan's instruments even here, but those I know are not amongst them— no, no." " ' 'Tis past believing," sold Eben Oats ; "the first thought on't was a blow to me, for I'd been taken in by his blue eyes and his sweet smile ; but it was him, and if I'd known it I'd have dragged him here alive or dead. A black- hearted villain— for it's the teacher and no one else, that has murdered the innocent, fatherless child." "Hush ! hush !" shrieked the old man, extending his trembling hands toward Eben Oats. "Accuse no man falsely. Lionel murder a child ! Lionel, with his true eyes and gentle voice ! He loved the boy. You lie ! You are mad ! Oh, miserable wretch that I am, why did I ever open the gates of the Grange to him No, no, no I cannot, will not believe it. How dare I? How dare you? Have you looked into his face ? Have you heard him speak ? He was good-true. Besides he had no motive. The worst men never murder without a motive. And we are not sure Otto is dead yet." Eben Oates looked at the old clergyman with no alteration of his stern expression. "I'm sorry for you," he said. "But I believe the child is murdered, and that the teacher did the deed. As for motive, you'll find he had one. If I was a close to him as I was that night, I'd give all the skins I expect to sell this winter. The base, black-hearted rascal—" As he spoke the knocker which hung at the Grange door was lifted. The echo of its clang rang through the house, and in a moment Jonathan Johns stood before the two men. "They're coming," he said ; "they've found him. Oh, Mr. Helmstone, it's too horrible too horrible ! They've found little Otho dead !" The clergyman clasped his hand to his forehead, gazed at the speaker an instant, and then the white head drooped, and he fell forward insensible into the arms of Ebon Oats. CHAPTER XI. THE ARREST. IN the waiting-room of a depôt of the New York Central Railroad, at a branch which passes not many miles from Pulaski, some ten or twenty passengers were collected in the dim morning light of the day succeeding that on which good farmer Oats had informed the pastor of his suspicions. Blue-nosed and cold they looked in that early hour, and sufficiently ill-tempered, as men will be who have swallowed hasty breakfasts, when the last morning nap has its greatest temptation to most sleepy mortals ; and the conversation which passed among them was neither cheerful nor amiable. "Behind time again," said a stout gentleman in a shawl. "Upon my word I'll write to the papers the moment I reach New York— if I ever do ; though my opinion is, ladies and gentlemen, that none of us will over get there alive. Fifteen minutes' detention is enough to bring on a collision, as we all know." "Laws a marsy !" cried an elderly lady in the corner, "what shall I do ? If you really think so, sir, I'll go back hum." "No use, no use, mam," said the old gentleman. "Likely, if you do, they'll have another to-morrow. I always wind up my business affairs, and leave everything as I should wish my widow to find it, before I trust myself to crooked boilers, and rusty engines propelled over broken rails and open drawbridges by tipsy engineers." The old lady shrieked, and a middle-aged lady in the corner, addressing no one in particular, remarked : "Tipsy ! A more sober, respectable set of men I never knew. My cousin Ann married one who was blown up a year after with his own engine, and left her very comfortable, though inconsolable. Tipsy ! I hope that term may not be appropriate to some folks not a hundred miles hence." "Frightful accidents there are on these lines, it is true," said a man in a great coat of light purplish grey. "Judgments for using steam instead of the good old stages," mumbled a very old man. To which his son, in a red comforter and a glazed cap, replied, in an audible whisper : "You shut up, Dad, if you can't talk sense. Judgments be saddled." "I declare, William," whimpered a pretty bride in the corner, "my shawl has been off three times, and you've let me pull it up my- self. When you were paying attention to me you used to be more attentive." "Bother !" muttered the sleepy William, "why don't you put it You've waked me up again, and I was just off in a doze." "This child will have the croup certainly," said a plump young mother, surveying her infant with despairing eyes. "Mr. X. I do wish you'd see where the drought comes from and button Peter's little cloak, will you ? You might attend to that poor boy." "There's no place for a draught to come from," said the spouse. "You are always in a fidget about something. Next time I come to the Lakes I'll not bother myself with women and children if I know it." "There's the whistle," said one. "No, 'tisn't," said another. "Not time for it. Your watch is wrong." "How cold." "Altogether too warm." "Open the window, will you, sir ?" "I beg your pardon I can't have it open. I shall die of chill." At this juncture the door of the waiting room opened and two persons entered. Although they came at the same moment into the presence of the other passengers, it was plain that they were not companions, for one of them on entering jostled the other, and, turn- ing, said : "Excuse, me, sir," as men only speak to strangers. He, this speaker, was a tall, fine man, with very handsome eyes, and a well-bred air and voice. He was perfectly dressed, but had evidently recently met with some fall or accident, for his arms and shoulders were covered with dust, and on his temple was a grazed spot from which a little drop of blood still trickled. Instead of joining the group about the stove, he walked to a window at the end of the room and began to wipe the dust from his garments with his handkerchief. The other man was a totally different person — a coarse, dark-skinned fellow, with a squat, awkward figure, and Jewish features, without the Oriental grandeur of a fine Jewish face. He had twinkling blue eyes, and closely shaved hair, and was attired in a flashy, staring style, which at once attracted observation. His hands were not over clean, but they glittered with rings, and on his bosom sparkled a stone intended for a diamond. Elbowing his way to the store, he stood there for a few mo- ments warming his hands and book alternately, and then, with an inquisitive glance at the other new comer, crossed the room and stood beside him, with a loud— "Hurt yourself, I reckon." "Not seriously, thank you," said the other. "Lucky for you. How did you do it ?" "My horse throw me." The answer was not given in a tone to en- courage further conversation, but the man who heard it was not one to need encouragement. He went on. "P'raps the engine scared him." "No." "Got him out, there ?" "No." "What's your time ?" continued the sociable stranger taking out his watch. "If I'm right, the train is behind hand." "My watch has stopped," said the other. "Cheap affair, likely," said the man, winking. "Don't say you bought it cheap, but cheap at first, you know, and you've been took in. I'm a judge of watches ; always get a good bargain if I go with a friend to buy one, not that I'm a jeweller." The person he addressed looked out of the window, and answered by a careless "Indeed ?" "Not I," said the other. "I'm one of the partners of Jones & Co., Simeon Blix, called Sim. by my friends for short. I don't know how I come to be such a judge of gold and such things. Take it natural as brats do the whooping cough, I reckon. I say, that's a confounded pretty dodge, aint it ?" "To what do you allude, sir ?" "That," said Mr. Blix, pointing to some letters painted on a panel of the door. "That, 'Out of respect to the ladies, gentlemen are requested not to smoke in this room.' Phew ! a pretty dodge. If more men were like me, the cigars would come out wherever that was stuck up. Ladies— bah ! Not that I'm a woman hater, sir." The other smiled involuntarily, and Mr. Sim. Blix, considering his last remark a glorious joke, roared loud and long. "No, sir," he said. "When I see a hand- some gal I know it, and I let her know it, bet your life. They say Sim. Blix is some in ladies' society, and I believe 'em. It's this con- founded plan of having to be polite to women, old or ugly, that I object to, and when I'm married I shan't let my wife boss it, neither, bet your life." The stranger regarded him with a peculiar smile, and said again : "Indeed ?" "And indeed," said the communicative Blix, "though I am about to enter into what parsons call the 'nuptial state,' for all that. I'm to be married soon, and my gal lives up north a bit. That's what took me up. I went to see her. You know a white house with wings and a cu- pola. Something they call a conservatory atop and an observatory for flowers behind. Wait a bit. I don't know which is the ob nor which is the con, exactly. I'm not highfalutin, but the whole place there is. It's called "The Grange," bless you, and what with picture rooms and lib'ries, you can't find your way about without a servant. Yes, my gal lives there. You look as if you'd soon a ghost. What ails you ?" In fact, the person to whom this monologue had been addressed had turned pale as ashes. His bored expression had changed for one of deep interest, and he answered rapidly and earnestly : "I know the Grange. I am acquainted with those who live there. Your— the lady you speak of is perhaps employed in some capa- city— " " Ha, ha !" roared Mr. Blix ; "think my gal is one of the servants, do you ? Hi ! I'm not offended, you know. The head cook and bottle- washer is handsome enough to catch anybody. I always kiss her whenever I go there. But my gal— bless my eyes ! What d'ye say, now, to its being Gerry Osprey herself ?" "Whom, sir ?" "Gerry Osprey." "Miss Geraldine Osprey ?" "Lord, yes ; that's good enough for you, of course. I call her Gerry. That's her uncle's place, you know." "I can scarcely believe this," faltered the other, speaking unconsciously aloud. "No ? Well, she's a set up piece enough— refused all the rich men in the place, they say. But she's taken a shine to me so I can't ob- ject." "Will you remember, sir, that this is a public place ?" said the gentleman, with a flash in his blue eyes. "You are not aware how loudly you are speaking." "Eh ? Why the duce shouldn't I speak loud ?" asked the astonished Blix. "Because, sir, you are speaking of a lady whom you must certainly desire to respect." "Haven't said anything against her," said Blix, in as loud a voice as ever. "She's a jolly gal, and I don't care who knows I like her. As for 'respect to the ladies,' that's all bosh ! When Gerry Osprey is my wife, I'll— " "Sir !" said his companion, growing with every moment more indignant, "I, for one, respect all women, and this lady of whom you speak as deeply as any of her sex. I cannot bear her name uttered in such a tone in any public place." "You can't ! who are you ?" asked Mr. Blix, with his face within an inch of the other's. "I hope a gentleman." "And ain't I one ? phew ! I'll bet a dollar now you are sweet on Gerry Osprey yourself— some of the trash she's give the sack to. I saw your look when I talked about the Grange. You'd better— " The sentence was never finished. A strong right hand, that had clinched and quivered for the last few moments, did it's will at last, and knocked Mr. Sim. Blix down. With such force, too, that he saw stars, and heard Niagara's, and lay gasping for breath upon the bare boards. His fall brought the group, much increased in dimensions since the opening of our chapter, from the stove side, and a tumult ensued, every one talking at once. "Poor fellow is is he hurt ?" "Poor indeed ! He's been insulting a lady. I heard this gentleman say so." "No one has a right to commit assault and battery. Our lives wouldn't be safe." "Insulting women oughtn't to be borne." "Pick him up." "Let him live there— good for him." "I say, stranger, what did he do to you ?" &c.;, &c.; The victim of the blow meanwhile slowly regained his senses, and the giver thereof stood with flashing eye, and clouded brow, above him, as though tempted to repeat it should his antagonist rise. Just then the bell began to ring furiously, and all was forgotten in the hurry of the mo- ment. People abandoned the scene of action, and flew for their bags and bundles and Mr. Blix struggled to his feet, with an oath. "I'll have my revenge !" he shouted. "I'll mark you ! Look at the blood pouring from my head ! It's broke, I've no doubt ! Is there a policeman hereabouts ?" As though in answer to his query, even as he spoke the door opened and two men, whose calling no mortal could for a moment have doubted even in plain clothes, stood amongst them. One advanced, the other quietly locked the door. "Be quiet, good folks," he said. "You shall none of you be left behind but no one can leave the room just now." "We can't be detained by a row between a couple of blackguards !" shouted the ill-tem- pered man in a shawl. "My things is all aboard," squealed the old lady, and cries of— it's too bad ! impudent, what do they mean ?" filled the room. Mr. Blix alone was satisfied. "I've got witnesses that he knocked me down," he cried ; "they all saw it. Look at my head. I'll give him whatever there is to give him by law. Assault and battery. I can prove it." And a volley of oaths rang on the air. The policeman listened quietly. "If this is true, it's all the worse for you," he said, addressing the gentleman who had inflicted the blow. "You are Lionel Malcolm. Don't deny it we know you. You are my prisoner." He drew a pair of handcuffs from his pocket, as he spoke, and the other policeman opened the door. "Three minutes to reach the cars, ladies and gentlemen," he said and the words acted like magic. The most curious forsook their posts, and Simeon Blix alone remained to observe the scene. "The cars are off, sir," said the policeman at the door. "Deuce take the cars," said Simeon, "I won't be bustled off. I ain't a stranger. I'm, as you may say, one of the family up at the Grange. Going to marry into it. Lionel Mal- colm ! Hang it. The tutor is he ? I'll swear to him as a blood-thirsty rascal, for one." Lionel stood quietly with his arms folded on his breast. "For what am I arrested ?" he asked, in a calm tone. "I have been guilty of no offence, unless the chastisement of this insolent brute be one. Yet your manner leads me to fancy some grave charge has been made against me." "No man is bound to criminate himself," said the policeman, who kept his hand upon Lionel's shoulder. "But we are old hands. Gammon won't go down with us. You know what it is, and had best not talk. It might do you harm." "What is the charge ?" repeated Lionel. The policeman regarded him with the stern, cold eye of one whom much experience in evil men and evil deeds has made suspicious. "The charge," he said, "is the murder of your little pupil, Otho Grantford, Mr. Mal- colm." "Otho Grantford !" ejaculated Malcolm ; "Otho Grantford ! Surely no harm has come to the boy ! Not his murder ! You wish to shock me ! The child is injured— ill— in danger — but not murdered.'" "Your pupil, Otho Grantford, has certainly been murdered," repeated the policeman. "On that charge I arrest you." "You accuse me of it ! me, merciful Heaven ! I have gone mad, or this is some horrible dream ! Who dares accuse me of that deed ? Horrible ! horrible ! horrible !" Lionel Malcolm sank upon a bench overpowered with emotion, hiding his face in both hands, and Simeon Blix stared at him with a mingled look of triumph and terror on his features. "If you want evidence as to his blood-thirsty disposition," he said. "I can give it, you know. Everybody that was in the room saw him attack me, you know— eh ?" The policeman made no answer. He was observing Lionel's emotion with the eye of one who asked, "Is this guilt or innocence ?"— and when he spoke it was in a more friendly voice. "Mr. Malcolm, the bell is ringing. It is my duty to take you back to Puloski. If you can promise to go with us quietly, there'll be no need of these," and he clinked a pair of hand- cuffs, which he held together. "I shall make no attempt to escape," said Lionel. "This charge is so outrageous that it will be easy to disprove it." And without another word he left the waiting room with the two policemen. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 