AKRIVAL OF THE M AIL S. -Pme Mails from Europe, India, and the Colonies arrived in Perth at 10 a.m. on Saturday. The political news from the Mother Country is confined, of coarse, to the progress of the fiefortn BUI; and considerable progress has been made. The actual achievement may be thus summarised :— -In boroughs every man is to have a vote who occupies a house, however small the rent, provided he has resided in it lor one year, and has paid the poor-rates, or who occupies lodgings at £10 a year%and has resided in them for that period. In counties every occupier of a house or of land at £12 a year, rateable value, is enfranchised, on the same conditions as regards residence and payment of poor-rates; also copy holders and leaseholders of the rateable value of £5a yeah All the fancy franchises were struck out of the bill; there being really no one for them to enfranchise. Not only has the House of Commons settled the franchise, bat it has also gone half war towards settling the dishibution of seats* It began by defranchising four corrupt boroughs* thereby securing seven seats for dis tribution. In the next place, Government pro* posed to take away one member from all boroughs under 7,000 inhabitants, now returning two. This plan would have furnished twenty-three members more, making thirty seats in all ac cording to the Government plan. . Bat die House decided by an overwhelming majority that all boroughs tinder 10,000 inhabitants, now returning two members, should lose one, thereby raising the total number of seats available for distribution to fifty-two. All this, says the Times, as emanating from the Derby-Disraeli Government, is some thing really rather surprising. It exhibits the mighty magic of pressure and place. It is easy to imagine the disgust and contempt of the genu ine old Tory gentleman. Even Lord Derby, who has lent his name to this utter abnegation of all the old traditions of the Conservative party, mast feel very sink at heart as he watches the progress of the Beform Bill, for which he stands a reluctant sponsor. Bat it is not improbable thai Disraeli himself, whose end is coming round to meet his beginning* chuckles at the result. He began his political career as a revolutionist, and he seems to have an ambition to end it as one. He is the Lucius Junius Brutus of the nineteenth century. He has, for many years, assumed the role of the bucolic idiot, only to start up at the appointed hour, over the bleeding corpse of the people shun by Tarquin Lowe, and to become ' Father of the Bat what is to be the upshot of the passing of this Tory Beform Bill— for there is not likely to be any formidable opposition in the House of Lords-^and of course it will be passed P A dis solution must shortly follow, but at what precise period is as yet not very dear. We do not our* selves see that it can properly be very long de layed* because men who are sept out of their rights may establish a grievance if they have not the power of exercising them. We know that it nay be pleaded in favour of postponement that, with reference to some particular clauses of the bill, time should be given to enable men to qualify^ Of course, there is something in this. On the whole* however, the advantage is all in favour of a speedy settlement of the question. But when it comes— sooner or later— -what will be its Practical solution P Will the monster created by the Conservative Frankenstein turn round and destroy its creator P Will the reformed House of Commons turn the Tory Badicals out of office P It is not altogether impossible^ But we do not feel very sanguine as to the influence which the extension of the franchise will have upon the introduction into Parliament of a larger amount of the ' popular element' It will pro bably be found that a very large number of those to whom votes have been given will never go to the polL To clamour for the right of voting is one thing $ to care to vote is another. The question of a reform of the House of Lords has been discussed by both the daily and weekly papers., and all admit that the Upper House is at present a dull and comparatively a useless insti tution. The Times pronounces it to be 'a vapid mimicry of a Parliamentary assembly,' and declares that ''in ite soporific atmosphere the keenest intellect grows dull) the brightest eloquence poor, pomtiess, wearisome; the degeneracy of one generation propagates and exaggerates itself in the degeneracy of the next.' iheJDaily Hfews calls the House of Lords ' little else than a field in which the ghosts of great political chieftains renew in stock fight the com bats of their earthly life.' The Saturday Seeieu and Spectator also point oat its weakness and demerits, and Proleseor Newman in Fraser't Magazine throws out some suggestions for a Beform Bill for the Upper House. He proposes lo make it a real Senate, by prohibiting proxy votes, making habitual absence a cause for relieving a peer of his functions, and finally creating life peers, with the proviso that the Minister, ' before recommending any person to her Majesty for a peerage, be bound to ask of the Commons a vote in his favour, declaring that by reason of his public merit he is fit to become a legislator in the Upper House.' In reply to these tnticiBms, ' a Peer' writes to the Time* in 'defence of his order. The House of Lords, he eay&, is in many respects not fairly tested. ' The groundless jealousy of the House ot Commons, their singular adherence to mediaeval securities against king and barons, with the unaccountable reluctance of all administrations in succession, prevent the origination of many meausres in our assembly. Bills, moreover, are not sent up from the Commons with regularity. Long ?intervals in which nothing b submitted for our consideration are followed almost at the very dose of the Session by torrents of legislative propositions, as many it has happened as fifty in b week, all of which if properly distributed would, instead of being passed in haste, and without examination, be duly and efficiently considered. Nor may it be overlooked that the House of 'Commons has monopoliaed to such an extent all the power of the State that party debates and party divisions have lost much of their importance in the House of Lords, and therefore very seldom occur. This alone would render any deliberative assembly unattractive, and give an apparent tameness to most of its proceedings.' The Time* and other journals have again been ? urging upon her Majesty the importance of resuming her place -in society, and pointing out the bad effects of hex continued withdrawal from public life. 'There cannot be a greater mistake,' says the Time*, than to suppose that signing papers and transacting with punctuality the indispensable badness of State ? is the one thing incumbent on a Sovereign, all else being optional. The reception of foreign princes and foreign ministers, the holding of drawing-rooms and levees, occasional appearances on public occa sions, and all the nameless courtesies and hospita lities of a Court— these are just the acts which the 'English nation expects of its Sovereigns, and which, therefore, it is impolitic for an English Sovereign to neglect. They cannot be neglected without risk of consequences which all would deplore. English society will have leaders, and if the Sovereign abandons the leadership, others will inevitably usurp the place, to the injury .perhaps, of that pure morality which the example of the Queen hasitone so xnnch to establish ;' and indeed it has already been very plainly intimated that the tone of society has very much degenerated during the last few years, \- and although the London press is too well-bred and too well-conducted to descend into personal details corroborative of the assertion, the unknown and unrecognizable 'correspondence' of provincial papers, and writers, in foreign newspapers, do not Beskate to speak more plainly. 'In the issue of one of the most respectable journals published in »ew York and brought by the last mail,' say* a writer in the Star, ' yon may read with every detail, of a dinner— names of host and guests all at fall length — where the ' great* and ' jolly* heroes of the music hall were sent for to delight the future occupant of our throne 1 Every * London corres pondent* has his own choice bit of scandal, A profound sensation has been caused by revelations inade in the cottrse^jf an inquiry going on at Sheffield with respect to the proceedings of certain trades' unions. It seems that some members of these onions, or gangs, have turned ' approvers,' and as with little shame and compunction as if they were Thugs, have laid bare the secrete and mysteries of their profession ; they have told how it has been a regular systematized part of their business to blow up or shoot down ob noxious members of their craft; how men, for certain fixed prices, have been hired to do Hub work ; and how the funds subscribed by these great guilds are devoted to these purposes. These approvers assert that if they committed murder, they only meant to maim or mutilate; and if their bullets took effect on a vital part it was purely acddentaL Bnt to cripple a man for life; to smash his head with-a life-preserver, so as to make him an idiot for the rest of his days ; or to throw a canister of gunpowder down the chimney into a man's fire, so as to explode in the midst of his family, were held to be allowable acts of intimidation. AD these things have been proved on die confession both of instigators and actual perpe trators of these foul deeds. One man, says the Saturday Bevieu, who has obtained a dreadful noto riety throughout England, declared that he embezzled the money of his union for the purpose of hiring assassins j and this, if accepted as troth, may go some way to concentrate and individualize the crimi nalty by acquitting others of participation in it. But it can hardly be questioned that a guilty knowledge of some of these things— though perhaps not the worst — was widely extended, and that onions are collectively responsible for much that has been done. It is a terrible illustration of civilized society in the nineteenth century, and ought to make us tolerant, when we expend our indignation on Indian thuggee and dacoitee. Perhaps we do not yet know the worst of it, and that fHrtber revelations will be made. Bat what we do know is something dreadful. Of course there ate apologists of trades' onions who declare that they are not to be condemned as a whole on .account of the excesses of individual members. But few un prejudiced people will refuse to confirm the opinion that there must have been a very extensive suspicion, amounting almost to a knowledge, that these things were going on. Men can not be blown into the air, or shot dead, or wrecked for life by brutal outrages, without such things being matters of notoriety ; and if the stream of crime happens to flow in one steady, uniform direction, it requires no great sagacity to discern that it is the result of systematic action. However, #r mere decency's sake, we are glad to learn that meetings are being held, on the part of trades' unions elsewhere, repudiating these inhuman practices, and declaring the local character of the out rages which have excited so much popalarindignation ; but why Sheffield should be so much worse than other parts of England it is not easy to understand. Per haps Mr. Boebuck can explain. There have been sensational riots at Birmingham, occasioned primarily by the excesses of a so-called Protestant lecturer named Murphy, who had been holding forth with extraordinary vehemence against the abominations of the Boman Catholic religion. Whatever was thought of the charity and toleration of this gentleman, his courage could not be called in question. Nothing could silence him. After telling the people of Birmingham that the priests of Borne are murderers, pickpockets, cannibals, and liars, he declared that he was determined to assert the right of freedom of speech although his enemies should walk over his corpse. The result of this was, as might have been and perhaps was expected, the Irish Roman Catholics in Birmingham resented the outrage on their religion, and rose against the Protestant lecturer. Then, of course, Protestantism resented the outrages they committed, and retaliation commenced. There was a general riot, attended with much destruction of property. Lawlessness held high carnival, and was not easily to be subdued. The Biot Act was read; the military were called out; special constables were sworn in; and lor several days Birmingham was in the hands of the mob. Very many persons were seriously injured, some mortally ; and altogether there was a state of things such as had rarely been witnessed. Order had been restored, but the bitterness of feeling occasioned by this display of Protestant fanaticism, it was said, will not easily be allayed. The departure of the Duke of Edinburgh on his long cruise, is thus reported in the London papers : — Her Majesty's ship Galatea left Gibraltar for Madeira on the afternoon of the I lth of June, and the Duke of Edinburgh has now bid a long farewell to Europe. The departure ol his Koyal Highness was attended with all the pomp and rircumstHnce befitting the oc casion and the important errand upon which the Galatea is bound — to circumnavigate the world and carry a Boyal Duke in the footsteps of Cook and Alison — a koyal Duke and his fortunes; for the Prince may now be said to have cut the ropes which held him to the shore, and to be fairly embarked in his own ship to discharge a difficult and responsible duty. From Madeira the Galatea proceeds to Kio Janeiro. As the whole voyage will be made under canvas it is advisable to get the benefit of the trade winds which frill blow lair from Bio to the Cape of Good Hope. At the Cape the Prince will remain a month, and theu, should the advices respecting the epidemic lever at Mauritius be satisfactory, will pro bably, visit that island en route for Australia. The Emperor of Russia and the King of Prussia have visited Paris; but both have been snubbed, and the former has been almost assassinated. The Em* peror of the French and the ' Autocrat of all the Prosnas' were seated in a carriage with the Czare witch opposite to them. A young Pole rushed through the crowd and fired a revolver at the carriage. He missed his mark, as most men in a high state of ex citement do, and was instantly seized. He was in full-dress, returning from the review, as the carriage containing the Emperor passed. He saluted, and being in the front rank, was especially noticed by Emperor Napoleon, who was nearest him. At the moment the Emperors were in line with him, about ten feet off, he felt a hand on his shoulder, and in stantaneously a d«»fgning report. Turning rapidly, he confronted a man with a revolver, minus the barrel, in his hand, whom he secured, the crowd rushing to the rescue, and the excitement being tre mendous. The assassin was torn from his grasp, and shortly after taken charge of by the ponce. The ball pierced the nostril of the groom's horse, and passed between the Emperors and the Grand Dukes, wound ing a lady on the opposite side of the carriage. The distance between the groom's horse and the Imperial carriage was so short that the blood from the wound in the horse's nostril spurted on to the uniforms of the Czar and Czarewitch. The ball did not leave the second barrel of the pistol, which burst in the hands of the assassin. He was with difficulty rescued from the crowd, who cried out to put him to death, at the same time shouting energetically, Vive VEmpereur, Vive Czar !' The two sovereigns, whose calmness and presence of mind were not disturbed for one mo ment, gave orders for the cortege to proceed at a walking pace. The '«='''' was raised from the ground almost insensible, having the thumb of his left hand shattered by the pistoL He declared he arrived two days ago from Belgium to kill the Czar. It ap pears that the front ot the Emperor Napoleon's uni form was soiled by the explosion of the assassin's pistol. The Emperor immediately rose, apparently to point out the spot whence the shot had been fired. After the attempt, the Emperor Napoleon, turning towards the Emperor Alexander,sminng, said. — 'Sire, we have been under fire together.' Ibe Czar replied, ' Our destinies axe in the hands ot Providence.' It is said that the Czar's popularity went up twenty five per cent, at once, in the quotations ot the day, on the strength of frhi' attempt upon his life. And it the King ot Prussia had any great amount of king craft in him, he would get up a similar sensation before he kit Paris, for, neither the Emperor of Russia nor the King of PrBssia bad been received with anything approaching to epthnsiflsm, and an entertainment of extraordinary insignificance, said to have cost £80,000, was given more in honour of other distinguished foreign guests then in Paris. The Time* thus summarizes the accounts of the wonderlul fete:— 'The newspaper writers, both French and foreign, seem almost under the spell of magic as they describe what they saw and heard. Observe the con tempt with which they allude to the 3C0 oil lamps and the four-aud-twenty fiddlers with which the good -aty of Paris by one mighty effort entertained Louis X11L and Anne of Austria at one of the greatest official balls in times of yore. Why, the wax candles alone of the other night were 70,000, to say nothing of the gasj and as to the £2,000 which the same municipal authorities invested in flowers when Queen Victoriagraced their halls in 1855, even that is the merest trifle compared with the waggon loads of flowers and shrubs which kept rolling in for weeks, not only from all the suburbs and departments, but even from the sunnier lands beyond the Alps and the Appennines. No wizard's wand ever wrought such transformation on the noble town-halL Its courts and stairs and passages were turned into con servatories, and its grand architectural features were enhanced as well as disguised by a profusion of plant* rich with thehoes and scents of Paradise. Particular mention is made of one gallery, actually turned into a grove, long, cool, and silent* and dimly lighted with coloured lamps and Chinese lanterns, out of which you issued into the ballroom, into one blaze of light, olase of diamonds, blaze of stars and crosses, of lace and epaulettes, and into the crash of half the fair women and half the great men of the four quarters of the world. In the Cour d'Honneur on the crystal- canopied staircase, in every saloon were fountains, jet* d'eau, cascades, Undine in all shapes, water everywhere, gushing, plashing, sparkling under a flood of light, soothing, cooling, relieving the some what heavy fragrance with which the air was faint* its lulling sound blending dreamily with the strain of two hundred and fifty musicians, those strains them selves being deadened by the rustle of the crowd and by the buzz of voices. That, after all, was the main, if not the only drawback to the splendid gathering-. Too many -vere there. Eight thousand invitations had been issued. Thirty-five thousand had been applied for. People drove half round Paris to get to the place, aad bad to walk a mile to achieve the feat after all. Inside, fully one hour before the doors were thrown open, crowds had taken up their position to sse the emperors and kings go past ; tows of ladies standing on chairs barricaded the halls and saloons. The apartments were all but impassable from begin ning to end. Progress was impossible ; the havoc of skirts and flounces was awful; and many were the fair ones who went home draggled and ruffled, able to boast that they bad been, indeed, but at a loss to say what they had seen. For all that, however, it was an entertainment unprecedented in the recollec tion of all present, emperors and kings not excepted.' The Paris Exhibition was as nearly completed as it ever would be, and inconveniently crowded : — There is scarcely a day in which there are less than 40,000 or 60,000 present. Sometimes the numbers mount up to thrice as many. And this, although the great mass ot the French working population nave not yet begun to find their way to the Champ de Mars. The workmen of Paris crowd into it, but not as yet those of the provinces. These will come later, when the tourists flock in, and no doubt the/ will form a mighty concourse. In the meantime, the Imperial Commission is very well content with princes, king*, and emperors, and a small gathering of 50,000 a day. These fiAHTt chiefly in three of the ^twiiiji^ rings in which the show is arranged. Ail other parts of the Tfixhttntion are comparatively free 3 but whoever would see the pictures or the machines well, and whoever dislikes to fted in a great crush, must learn to keep early hours. After twelve o*dodt there is little chance of seeing pictures of machi nery with comfort. After eleven o'clock it is not easy to pick one's way along the pavement that enrrosnda the building. At some places the whole breadth of the pave ment is taken np with the tables and chairs of people who seem to be enjoying every speck* of repast, and who are too nnniePOBS to find room in the so^jscont restaurants* The restaurants which are most constantly crowded are th» KnaiHiii .mi Amorii-fcii These are constantly crowded, because if people cannot eat at all hours they are ready to driwfr. xhe American ^'»*ir« are the most popular in the Champ de Mars i and be it remembered that these are not always alcoholic In the restaurant of Messrs. Dows and Guild one gets a great variety of American dam ties— solid and liquid— but their bet erage which is most im request is very mild. It consists merely of eodawater with a spoon mi of iced cream added to it, and flavoured with whatever gyrnp may be desired— raniUa. utrawbenry. lemon. ot_auy other. Ladies are greatly addicted to this oampoand, which has the fault, however, of being a little too saccharine. Hear at hand is the Busman restaurant for those that like tea. You get an infiiaion of the overland tea, poured into a nice little tumbler, and flavoured, in the tttiunan lasbion, with a slice of lemon. It is a mighty question in the Exhibition whether the dusty visitor who wants some slight refreshment will torn to the right and try the iced drinks of the United States, or to the left and imbibe the hot tea of the Muscovite: and where the path divides there is a crowd of people lounging about, like the ass which ia reported to have fcngeredlong between the two bundles of hay. The news from America chiefly relates to the 're- construction'' of the South now in progress under military rule. The first American election in which unrestricted negro Eufirage was permitted, was held in . Washington city on June 3, and was contested with great mmestnefiB. It resulted in a Republican triumph, that party receiving nearly all the negro votes and electing »H their candidates for rt»-» various municipal offices. For some time previous to the election, lists for the registry of voters were kept open, such whites as aided the rebellion being, how ever, grinded. The total number of voters registered was 9,793 whites and 8,213 blacks, the hitter clearly holding die balance of power. The negroes took the greatest interest in the election, and nearly every one of them entitled to vote is Baid to have deposited his ballot. The Fenians continue to be working, but, as usual, the most contradictory opinions are expressed as to the objects they have in view. At a Fenian meeting in New York, one of their military ' organizers' said they had two folly armed and equipped regiments in Chicago, one in Buffalo, one in Boston, one in Cinci natti, and nine companies in Philadelphia. The Canadians say they have full information of Fenian tactics in the United States, and are prepared for any invasion that may come. On Jane 4 three men left New York to make a voyage to Europe on a ' life-preserving raft,' fitted with sails and recently invented there. The object of this foolhardy voyage iB to demonstrate the life preserving qualities of the raft. It is made of three parallel air tubes of indiarubber, 25ft. long, 26in. in diameter, pointed at the ends, and covered with canvas. Some small water casks and a huge box to hold supplies are fastened to these; and an ordinary A-shaped tent furnishes shelter. It f^r'' almost impossible to prevent the sea from sweeping every thing overboard. The raft is named the Sonpareil, and had actually gone to sea. The men on board carry thirty days' provisions with them, and expected to make the voyage to Europe in twenty days. From Mauritius we learn that a gloom still hangs over society ; the ravages of the fever had not ceased, nor diminished, as was expected. Intelligence up to 7th July states that, the average daily mortality in Port Louis since the 1st June had been 70, whilst in the rest of the island the average had been 60. The population in Port Louis is not at present more than 65,000, and that in the District, about 245,000. The total mortality from 1st February to 30th June was 30,730. An earthquake aad loss of life had occurred in Java. The Straits Time* of the 21st June says that on the morning of the 10th June the centre of Java, from shore to shore, and over a length of some 15 miles, was shaken by a severe earthquake, the full force of which seems to have fallen upon the town of Djoekjoe, where' many buildings have fallen in and none escaped serious injury. At many other places also, ranging from Samarang to Cheribon, the same disasters have occurred, while some 100 Eves have been lost, of whom 12 to 14 are Europeans. 