Wi$ gave, in our last issu», a r,epprt of, a. public meeting held at Adelnno, rela'iye to a proposed alteration in our postak Bvsrangfwntsi which, if carried into effect, wavjd confer upon tbe townships, of Titi/nut ami. Agelong the advantages q£_a (l^ijy- mail, and of a conveyance available '' for the carriage of parcels and of. pasgengers. About a year ago we advocated the same. 5dea ; a public meetjngkwu9. then, held, on. the subject at.' A/W-lpng, nnd a memorial, was prepared for signature. No practical, r.-salt, havjng followed t:h is 1 demonstration, and a rather narrow an'i illiberal idea having been expressed in some quarters that by siich j»n arrangement T.mnut would play, the ' second fiddle '? to A'ielong, Jho matter- lapsed and apparently passedinto — -fcheislimbo where ghosts of abortive schemes for the ''public, welfare are laid at n-gt-. It has, however^ returned to Ijght. again, and this time haa apparently, a better chance of, att..i«ing a substantial, existence as a reality. From the facts stated. a,t the meet ing it ap appears that (government. ar-e prepared to con sider .favourably the establishment of a daily mail, seryicp, conveyed by vehicjy, from the Adelong Crossing-place to Tumut, via Adelong, to grant adequate funds for placing tbe r,oads to b.e traversed in a proper condjJion, and u sufficient allowance for* maintaining them in good working order. The proposed, route is, we believe, also deemed desirable by tlie postal authorities, our member is prepared to advocate it, and in fact, if the people of Tumut and Adeloug ngree tp join heartily and cordially in supporting it, there seemq. everjt likelihood of its. bting carried into effect. This b.eip,g tjie case, it is desirable to give the subject due consideration. At present, the conveyance of mails three times ^ week between T.umut, and Agelong, and the carriage of the letters of the one or t;wo outlying squatters who alone are benefited byt the postal service from Adelong to Tarcutta, tq or.^ from the box nailed tp a tjee vy.hic,h serves as chief post-ofSce of, this route, involves a total traverse of 4P2 miles, whijst by the proposed plan, and the abandonment of the latter useless and unnecessary service, a distance, 0/ only 300 miles would have to be travelled to give us a daily; mail. In addition to this saying in distance of lQg,. miles, wve can state on good authority,, that offers have been made to gentle Jneu who. have interested, themselves in this matter, tp guarantee a coach and daily mail conveyance, at a lower sum than the .£300. a year which the present service costs. The advantage which the community, derive from a daily receipt and dispatch of letters, &c;, arecoeYide.nt.as to ne,ed do words of. ours in advocacy of them, whilst additional benefits not tq be overlooked ar,e the security with which we could calculate pn duly and punctually receiving parcels, &'., foi\v?arded by poet, and the facilities for passengers which would be pro vided. Anothtr collateral advantage which would result fpom the adoption of this scheme would be that it would more closely unite Tumut and Adelong, and; would efface any little mutual jealously which may have ex isted. As an agricultural district Tumut could not wish for a better neighbour than a gold field which c6nt.inu,es one of the most pr,odu.cfivp in the; colony, and instead- of showing sign*'«pf xbausfinn pr.omis5.e8 to increase ior fertilftyy whilst it cannot be a matter of indifference to a mining cpiimunity to rtft-ct there exists, in their immediate locality, ample facility for providing a cheap and abundant supply of agricultural produce for a large population' The interests of tbe tovirg^bjpa, like tho^e of husband and wife, are identical, and misunder standings ar,e as injurious to: both as roatrimo nialdjssentipn.8 are acknowledged tp be* As a drawback to this scheme some. residents near Tumut may urge that the facilities at present existing fot. conveying produce to Gundagai- woujd be diminished by ab.-mt ten miles additional baling to be travelled by tbe Grossing place route, but in. all calculations of comparative distances the relative c-^celltince of the highways to be traversed forms an import ant calculations, ani, many would prefer going ?the longer distance over a. good roadj tp. jolting the shorter along an ill constructed one. If it din be proved, that the roads on the proposed ?route are more likely to fee placed, in- good condition, than i-be Markdd Tree Line i?, this 'objection wiJL have little force. 1-t must be \- remembered ;ilso that by G;undaffni is not the only outlet for the produce of Tu.pi lit, and that ;to Wagga Wagga the propospd line wculd be the moqt direct. I-f, after tu]y considering ^this question, the 'Eumut public favour a scheme which, it seems to us, is to b,e desired they ?ought to join, their Adelong brethren heartily Mn advocating it by a joint memori)K 