THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. -S. 1 lir following is the text of the circular letter of the Archbishop of Canterbury, inviting the colonial bishops to attend a general Synod of the Church in London " Lambeth Palace, February 22, 1857. Right Reverend and dear Brother request your presence at a meeting of the bishops in visible communion with the United Church of England and Ireland, purposed, God willing-, to be holden at Lambeth, under my presidency, on the 29th of September next and the three following days "The circumstances under which I have resolved to issue the present invitations are these the Metropolitan and Bishops of Canada last year addressed to the two houses of the convocation of Canterbury the expression of their desire that I should be moved to invite the Bishops of our Indian and colonial episcopate to meet myself and the horse BiBhrps, for brotherly communion and conference The consequence of that appeal has been that both houses of the convocation of my province have addressed to me their dutiful request that I would invite the attendance, not only of our own home and colonial bishops, but of all who are no owedly in communion with our Church The same request was unanimously preferred to me at a numerous gathering of English, Irish, and Colonial archbishops and bishops recently assembled at Lambeth, of which, I rejoice to record it, we had the counsels and concurrence of an eminent bishop of the United States of America the Bishop of Illinois.. "Moved by these requests, and by the express! con- currence therein of other members, both of the home and colonial episcopate, who could not be present at our meet- leg, I have now resolved-nor, I humbly trust without the guidance of God the Holy Ghost to grant this grave request, and call together the meeting thus earnestly desired I greatly hope that you may be able to attend it and to aid us with your presence and brotherly counsel thereat. "I propose that on our age ml ling we should first solemnly seek the blessing; of Al mighty God on our gather and, by uniting: together in the highest note of the Church's worship After this, Ircthrrl) consultations will follow. In these, werna) consider together many practical questions, the settlement of which would tend to the advancement of the kingdom of our Lord and Master JCSUR Christ, and to the maintenance of greater union in our missionary work, and to increased intercommunion among ourselves " Such a meeting would not be competent to make declarations, or lay down definitions on points of doctrine But united worship and common counsels would greatly tend to maintain practically the unity of the faith, whilst they would bind us in strniter bonds of peace and brotherly charity. I shall glad!) receive from ) on a list of now subjects you may wish to suggest to me for consideration and discussion Should you be unable to attend, and desire to commission any brother bishop to speak for you. I shall welcome him as your representative in our united deliberations. " But I must once more express my earnest hope, that, on this solemn occasion, I may havethegreitndvantagoofyoRr personal presence. " And now I commend this proposed meeting to your fir vent prayers, and, humbly beseeching: the blessing of Almighty God on yourself and your diocese, I subscribe myself, " Your faithful brother in the Lord, " C. T. CAN-TCAK." 