LOST IN THE WOODS. (From "Camp-notes," in Chamber's Journal.) "LORK! lord! it were a lovely scene around. The day was just at noon, an the straight sun- <*> rays stock down through the leaves, an' lit them up like gold. The flowers was out, such m could grow in that green twilight, " fox gloves," an' orchids, an' such; bat tho ferns and the shrubs were more beautiful than flowers. There was a tall treefera over against me, crowned with feathery leaves, that shone transparent as green glass. On the other side was a wild banana, bearing a crimson mass of flowers. The climbing moss fell as a pale water* fall from the tree-tops, and the long lianas hung down like brown cords. One of them dropped just above my head, naked an' leafless, but at the tip of it glittered a crimson flower, like a jewel hanging from the sky. The air was so hot, an' green, an' still, except for a faint quiver which from time to time ran through the forest, that one might have thought the world was dead, an' buried in those piles of leaves. While the stupid fit was on, I sat an' watched a little army of ants, each carrying a round green leaf upraised as a flag, that hurried along their deep worn road. A checker of sunlight fell on that brown pathway, an' I mind well how the small creturs sparkled in crossing it. After a while, the dead hot stillness was broken by the chuckle an' croaking of two parrots that fluttered in a tree above me ; but with a rustle of leaves they flew sleepily away. I'd sat there maybe for an hour stupid an' unthinking, when suddintly the forest resounded with a deep roar, that started me afoot. I'd never heard a Congo's howl be far*, but I'd no fear of that sound; the con sciousness of being lost had come back on me. Straight on I crashed through the bash, torn, bruised, an' falling, through marsh, an' creek, an' bamboo thicket, until exhaustion pulled me down once more. You see, sir, I was very young in years, an' had never before seen a forest bigger than a corn-patch. I'd just sense enough to know that one must die in the bush, an' die an awful death, if left there; but how to find a way out, I had no more idee than any other boy city- born an' bred. From time to time I shouted as ahrill as I could, but the deep hot alleys of the forest sucked in the sound; an' before sundown, I was too hoarse for calling. As night came on, I sank down stupid again, an' so lay, not asleep but senseless. If a puma had found me then, he'd have had his supper cheap, but, thank Heaven, I never met one of them sneaking devils. When morning broke, I was faint an sick with hunger, bat for hours I was afeared to take the few fruits that lay around. Towards mid-day, always wandering, I found a bunch of yellow-pig-apples growing on a vine; they looked so nice that, poison or no poison, I gathered them all, an' chawed them up. They're not bad eating, aren't pig-apples, anywhere, but to a starving man they do seem right-down good, I tell you. But there wasn't more than six or seven, an' the biggest not tße size of a pigeon's egg, so they were soon over; an' all that day I found no more. Somehow, I never thought of being tracked, but only of getting back, an' of finding more apples. Once or twice I heard the sound of American rifles at a long distance, an' it almost killed me, for I couldn't make the boys hear. Towards dusk, I found a bed of wild pines, an' pulling out their prickly leaves, I ate the pith. I can't say it were nice, but neither was lat that time. On the second day, I began to feel hunger right badly. At first it was a gnawing, weakly sense, less hard to bear because one felt helpless an' tired; but after twentytfour hours, hot fever came on, an* I seemed so wild and strong to die. Of drink there was plenty of course, for the ground was all a swamp, an' besides, the water vines was common enough. There's greater medicine, sir, in those water-vines than all the doctors can make for you. If a man, sick to death with some diseases, will but come I with me into the forest, I'll send him out at ■ the week's end better in health than if his | dearest friends had just deceased. There's wonderful secrets in the woods, an' we have them pretty much to ourselves as yet, we who know them. Them seventeen days behind Castillo shook my health for five years after, but at least I left there all the sickness I took with me; so I can't say it was all bad-luck that time, seeing as I got out in the end. The l third day was dreadful bad for hunger. I had a tearing an' refting inside, my sight was flaming an' dim by turns, an' pains twißted up every joint. My head was curiously clear all the while, except that sometimes I saw things in the wood as never was there; but that was ! mostly after the fourth day, when tLe pains j left me from.time to time. I guess hunger takes ; men very different. Some I've known give in with forty-eight hours, an' lie down to die with j no great suffering—ay, an' good-hearted ones j too. But your doctors stamp down their little i walk, all gravelled and boxed in, for etarual , nature to take exercise up or down, and if ever : she steps over their little hedge into her own ! wide fields, my! there's such a stampede among | all the little professors. They told me in New York as no man could lire ten days without I food-there! An' we know a score of men as has done so, an* don't make much gas about it neither It would.take a week to *£ £%£ all the fancies I had an' the strange figures that came before me in the time I kept a sort of con sciousness, for I was Ught-headed mostly I seem to recoUcct meeting a big tiger, an' lookin* him straight between his Aiming eyes, without a morsel of fear; but he slunk off like a starved cat, an' you may guess I was an elegant extract so to scare a San Juan jaguar. The thunder ing howl of congos, morning an' evening, is the mem'ry I mind best of aU that time : one day there was a Uttle mottled squirreU came an' sat in a great fern over against me, and looked down into my face with eyes that seemed fuU of pity. Eh! how I hated that Uttle cretur, that looked so lovingly at me. I crept, nearer an* nearer to catch him, but he sprang away like a bird, an' I was too weak even to curse. Some times I fancied aU my mates were with me, but all lost an' dying; sometimes we were on the river; an' there s one dream I mind weU, for it came over an* over agin—a game at poker, in which one plajer cheated, an' I shot him. It had happened so on the river; but I wasn't playing, and it^ wasn't I that shot. If it had *£ I.J * T*J_l ny man'» blood on my mind at that time, Id have given in the very first week of the horror. My dreams awake an' asleen were always full of murder an' death somehow. Now, there's a cause for that, I take it, somewhere in one's inside, for there's folks who dream happy when they're starving. I suppose I gathered apples when they could be found, an chewed pifiuelas even when mad, for I kept on living. That I wandered about, never resting longer in one place than just to get strength for moving on again, I know, for it was, one of the fancies that I must wander ever an' ever through the green dimness o' the bush, under the endless trees, until I died. Ah! it was an awful time. Sometimes it seemed as I had been lost for years ; an' then my mem'ry was racked with old stories of men finding their way out of a wood by some olever craft or other, but the tales was all muddled up with murders, an' old times, an' ghosts. 'Twoold have been easy enough for a good woodsman to track ont an' maybe I might have done it my self, if I'd hidden my head at the first moment* an' thought it over quietly as you did to-day, sir: but I hadn't the exper'ence—that's where it is! Exper'ence is bettor than a compass any day. The creeks at whioh I drank—most likely aU of them—would have led me to the San Juan, where I'd have been saved; and in the days I had some strength an' reason, I might have foUowed them up an' down. For aU those •seven days I never were three miles from Castfllo, an' they found me at least within two hundred yards o' the fort. That wonld seem a queer-story to home- staying folk, wouldn't it ? But a green hand might a'most starve to death in a patch of San Juan forest three hundred yards square. Of the last ten days in the bush, I recoUect nothing at all, an' I'm thankful for it. For tho ants found ont my helplessness, an* the beetles, an' the flies; only,, thank God, the turkey-buzzards didn't come nigh me until the last minute. But when my body was found by the soldiers in going for grass, there was half-a dozen of the horrid wretches, waddling round with their leathery heads aside, and hopping each moment closer. An' another queer sign they found, which had maybe scared the birds; aU round my body were the tracks of pumas, as thick as if they'd been dancing a considerable sight of fandango among themselves. Why they hadn't eat me, I.can't think; for he's a cowardly brute, yer Uon, an' it's sweet cake to him to find a man asleep or dying. Wal! I don't want to make yer iU, so I won't describe the state my poor body was in when they found it I know I've always thought better of Greaser's pluck, since them soldiers ventured to carry my carcass to the fort. The Lord have mercy on aU sick men in the jungle! You heard the ants had eaten my nose off! It weren't quite as bad as that; but in an hour or two more they' a done it, if the turkey- buzzards 'had let them. My finger-ends was catch by them, an' my ears; an' as to the flies, a mat might shudder at that tale, I think, even though he were bred for a city lawyer, and had married young. It's a ghastly thing to be eaten alive by insects, but never a man Uving was nearer to that end than I." "Ah!" said Frazer, " the pumas 'd a finished you off kerslash if you'd been fit to eat; an' hys a wonder them | sneaking vermin didn't track you out Ions; since." A Horrible Death.—A young French musician Uving at Vera Cruz, after playing for a time at a party given by a rich American gentle man of that city, went into the garden and ap proaching a fountain Ufted a porcelain beaker, filled with water, to his lips, when a monstrous centipede, that had taken shelter from the heat in the cool vessel, sprung at his throat and fastened its poison-fangs therein—its body and tail protruding from its victim's mouth. The wretched man's screams of fright and horror soon brought the whole company to the spot and the centipede was torn from its hold, but thefyoung artist died after a few hours of terrible ageny. Striking Instance ov Bevbbse or Fortune. —The case of Captain John A Sutter, upon whose estate in CaUfornia the first gold dis covery was made, presents a singular example of the fickleness of fortune; Many of our rea ders who are familiar with the history of the gold discovery in 1818, wfll doubtless remember the name of Captain Sutter, and the reports of his almost fabulous wealth. He is now, at an advanced period of Uve, in a state of complete pecuniary destitution, having been deprived by violence and.fraud of the rights which would have made him one of the richest mon in the world. This pioneer of civilization in CaUfornia was born in Baden, Switzerland, and at an early age came to the United States with the intention of establishing a colony of his countrymen west of the Mississippi River. Disappointed in tho accomplishmeut of this plan, he Bettled in what was then the wilds of California, and commenced the work of civilisation. In a few years, he had subjugated the country, made friends with the fierce and barbarous tribes of Indians, who at first were his greatest enemies, and founded a settlement with aU the elements of material prosperity. The hum of industry was heard instead of the yell of savages and the howl of wild beasts " Broad fields teemed with the fruits) of the earth, the plains were dotted with lowing herds, and peace and prosperity rested over the Valley of the Sacramento." The fame of the settlement was spread far and wide, and at tracted great numbors of emigrants, whose wants, when they arrived poor and wretched, were suppUed by the gratuitous bounty of Sutter. At the time of the discovery of gold in February, 1848, he was, in possession of vast traottof land, crops extending over an immense surface, a valuable military fort, shops, mills, houses, and other improvements, and countless herds of cattle, horses, sheep and swine. He was the miUtary commander of the district, Indian agent of the territory, and the great man in general of ! the country. But the effects of the discovery of gold, which was first found upon his estate, were disastrous in the extreme. His mechanics and laborers instantly deserted him. His mills were abandoned and became a total los 9. He could find no help in the cultivation of his crops, and aU work in his broad fields came to a stand still. This was not the worst of it. The emi grants poured in like a flood, making his do mains their camping ground, without the least regard for the rights of property. Tboy spread themselves over his lands, claiming them as un appropriated United States territory, stole his horses and mules, butchered his cattle, sheep, and hogs, and pocketed the proceeds. There was no law to prevent this stupendous robbery. With the establishment of order, lawyers came, i who for the sake of a share in the spoils, took I sid*s with the squatters, and helped to deprive i him of tho estates of which he had been ten j years in peaceful possession. Protracted and expensive litigation ensued in which his title was ! repeatedly confirmed, but on final appeal to the United States Supreme Court at Washington the case was decided on purely technical grounds in favor of tho squatters, and Sutter's ruin was complete. The whole story is told by Mr. Dunbar, in a volume lately published, in which there is no attempt at embellishment, but which yet possesses all tho interest of a romance. His narrative shows the wonderful development of the last twenty years in CaUfornia, and furnishes a striking contribution to the history of that eventful period. 