NOTES AND NEWS. We are glad to find that although the past quarters revenue from the Electric Telegraph department' 'exhibits a decrease in comparison with the revenue of 'the first quarter of 1866, the deficit is much less 'than would appear from the Treasurer's statement.; The Treasurer's statement gives £10,521 as, the amount received for the first quarter of 1866, and year, showing a deficit of £4387. 'We understand, However, that while the amount credited to 1866; continues a portion of the preceding year's revenue, the amount stated as the revenue up to the 31st of March; this year, does not include a considerable sum which is still due on the quarter. The actual cash collected for the first quarter of 1866 'was ; £9157 2s 10d; the amount received and receivable this year is £7621 4s ; leaving a deficit of only £1536 Os 1Od on the quarter. The Ararat free selectors seem resolved upon persevering in their agitation. We observe that a deputation:representing the movement is to be in Melbourne on the 1st of May, for the purpose of presenting a memorial to the Minister of Lands, and they solicit the cooperation of other districts on the occasion. The remains of the late Mr B. B. Nicholson were interred in the Melbourne General Cemetery, on Saturday afternoon. The funeral cortege left the residence of the deceased shortly after two o'clock, and on the way was joined by a large number of friends and business connections ; among those present as mourners being several. of the leading merchants in town. The. Wellington Independent,; of the 21st March, tells us ' that ' .Cox, the solicitor, who lately absconded .'from Auckland, after having disposed of other people's property to the tune of £20,000, arrived here by the Wellington, it is supposed ; but at any rate it was discovered yesterday that he was in the town,: and a; warrant was at once taken out against him by' a member of the Oddfellows, on a charge of .embezzling certain moneys belonging to that' order. When apprehended, Cox stated that he was 'just on his way to the; police station to give himself up to justice, The chairman, of the .Ballaarat Water Supply committee has received a letter from the Commis sioner of Public Works, stating that the agreement for; the '£15,000 loan was being prepared, and.that the repayment would extend over a term of fifteen or twenty years. Twenty pounds reward is offered, in the Gazette, 5th inst., for the detection of those who on the 12th ult., abandoned a female child outside the door of St. Francis's Church, Lonsdale-street.; The follow ing particulars to aid detection, do not afford a very useful clue : The, clothing :of the child consisted of a piece of. old tablecloth, and a piece of new. flannel. A; set of beads and a crucifix were round the neck ; and pinned to the. flannel was ;a piece, of paper, on .which was written as follows :— I hope it, child in chattal to the chrisned. '.A. serious accident; occurred on.Friday, 5th inst., in Messrs Beckwith Brothers' bonded stores, Market-street. ; Two men, named Edward Hudson and John Burgess, were being hoisted by a hydraulie lift, . when a piece of the.:tackling broke, and they, were both, precipitated to the ground. .Hudson's right leg was broken by the fall, and Burgess received serious injuries also in his right leg. They were conveyed to the hospital, and promptly, treated. We are glad to learn that at.least three industrial pursuits. are shortly to be introduced to the inmates of the Baliarat district orphan asylum. One of the male servants of the .institution, a shoemaker by trade, is about to impart instruction in the art of shoemaking to such of the boys as show an aptitude therefor. Mr Main, one of the members of the com mittee, has undertaken to give evening instruction to some of the boys in carpentry. The girls will shortly have a trade at their fingers ends ''through the purchase, in Melbourne, of a first- class sewing machine. Some local gay deceiver, is rather roughly handled by one of our Sandhurst contemporaries; The second act of the little drama of which we gave the first on the 3rd inst.,' says the Independent will not be played in the county court, the plot having' been altered, but will come off before Mr Commissioner ; Noel. The miscreant, after having robbed one poor girl, and married another, has now filed his schedule, in which we hear he makes himself out a debtor to', the girl he deceived, to ' the amount of £40, instead of upwards of a hundred pounds. .We most . earnestly trust that Mr Martley, or some other of our able Sandhurst 'lawyers will, when the insolvent . is before , the court, take the poor girl's case in hand, and that the Insolvent Act may not be made a cloak for this fresh class' of villany. A. criminal prosecution, ,we should think Would be the most desirable under present circumstances. A curious coincidence of names, occupation and locality came before; the Ballarat county court on 4th inst., in the case of Kean v. Craig. The action was, for, money paid for a share in what was called one of the swindles of the. bubble time at .the Corner. The curiosity of the thing was, that the claim was called the ' Tim Whiffler, the defendant's name, was Craig, he was an hotel-keeper, resident in Ballarat, and slightly lame, being obliged to use a staff. But, as the Star remarks, he was not. the. well-known sporting gentleman who owns that celebrated racehorse after which the claim was named, A. correspondent of the Wood's Point Times com- plains, and not without some show of reason, that the rightful name of the new diggings M'Kenzie— has been already changed to Alexandra,, which has no natural connection whatever with it, This alteration of the name given by the miners; the founders of the place,'' he says, ' has been made by those who changed glorious old Bendigo for Sand hurst, M'lvor for 'Heathcote, Wahgunyah for Rutherglen: and,: nearer home, Raspberry for Lauraville and many others in various parts of the colony. How did 'Wood's Point escape the degradation? They seem to be addicted to the same practice in New South Wales, as.only a few months back an attempt was made to : change the beautiful native name of Menindie for that of some Sydney celebrity, but it failed, owing to the . persistence with which the people adhered to the old and proper name. We understand that the newly-arrived Germans, from Adelaide, at Albury are endeavoring to form a farmers club,:, similar to. those; they had been accustomed to in. South. Australia They pay a small annual subscription, which enables them to receive: daily telegrams ' concerning the price of wheat in such markets as maybe available to them. Members of the club occasionally favor their brother farmers by recounting their individual experiences, and the information thus collected is always more or less valuable. A secretary, who receives £20 or £30 a year, is the only officer required, and the qualification of membership is much lower than the value of the information received. The first of a series of pulpit addresses in support of the early closing movement was given on Sunday evening, in the Independent Church, Alma road, St. Kilda, by the Rev. A. Gosman. The rev. gentleman took for his text, ' Whatsoever things . ye would that men should do unto you even so do : ye unto them. After showing that the subject of ; early closing was a fit one for the advocacy of the Christian minister, he forcibly pressed upon the attention of his hearers the positive duty incumbent upon them to regard the earnest appeal of the association, and not to shop after six. A feat in the art of swimming has been achieved by a young man named J. Tause, a baker in Port Albert. A wager having been laid that Tause would not be able to swim from the jetty of the Powder Magazine to the swimming baths, Port Albert, a distance of nearly half-a-mile, he proceeded to test the matter a few days ago, and accomplished the distance within thirty minutes. There was a full tide against the swimmer, which being very strong in the chan nel, made the feat more difficult. Mr Ashton, of the Commercial Inn, accompanied Tause, and arrived at the destination about ten yards after the latter. It was, however, a dangerous experiment to venture in the broad water, as it is well known that sharks are sometimes seen. 'Some persons are of opinion, observes the Gippsland Guardian, ' that these monsters will not attack any one when in the act of -swimming, but it is unwise to run such a risk, especially with the recent case of the late unfortu nate James Sinclair before us, who it is supposed was seized by a shark when in the act of swimming to shore, and drawn beneath the waters.' One more fatal accident has now to be added to the large number of mining casualties which occasionally horrify: the inhabitants of the goldfields. On Friday, 5th inst., an alarm was raised at: the Borhoneyghurk Company's claim, Ballarat, that a drive had fallen in, and smothered two of the workmen. Measures were immediately ; taken to extricate the unfortunate fellows from their ; perilous position. After about a quarter of an hour's work this was accomplished, but too late to :be of any avail to one poor fellow — he was quite dead. The deceased, William Larre, was a native of Guernsey, unmarried, about 29 years, old ; he had only been working in the claim a week. when the accident occurred. The survivor, John Moran, is likely to reoover. The Victorian Police Gazette, of the 4th inst., contains the particulars of no less: than twelve cases, of arson for which rewards amounting to £720 have offered for the discovery, apprehension and conviction of the incendiaries. ..The New South Wales: Government have offered a reward of £100 for, the discovery of the murderer of a man unknown, who was found in the bush near the. Ten Mile rush, Young, on the 20th of February. The following particulars are given as likely to lead to. the apprehension of the man who committed the. crime, and a warrant has been issued for his arrest :— The offender is believed to; be identical with William Mourn, alias' Moughan, alias William Cutler, alias Billy the Drover, a Windsor native, who is also identical with the second man, charged with uttering a forged cheque, to: James Bennett, Sydney, in company with William Seymour.. A man answering to the descrip tion of William Mourn was reported to have been seen passing Jones's public house, Bargo, in the direction of Goulburn, on the 14th' ult. ; he was riding a red roan horse, with new saddle. He is reported to have been seen on the Berrima race-course on the 18th ult. ' . , Mr Fyfe, the contractor under the Tullaroop shire council, for the bridge at Bucknall's, has been unfortunate enough to lose a cheque for £150, which had been passed to him at the meeting of the council on Thursday, 4th inst. The loss was not discovered by Mr Fyfe until he had got some distance on his way to Carisbroek. The services of the bellman were put into requisition, but did not result in the recovery of the cheque. A shocking disaster occurred on board: the ship Elizabeth Kate, during her voyage from London to Melbourne, on the 6th of January, in 30 deg, 50 min. south, and 25 deg. 40 min, west, which sreulted in the death of two of the seamen and con siderable injury to another. It appears that the three were, with others, engaged aloft, in shifting the mizen topsail ; the wind was strong from the N.W at the time, and a heavy sea rolling, when the crane of the lower topsail yard became unshipped, and the . men mentioned were precipitated — one overheard, , one onto the deck, and the other, the boatswain, on to the cross- jack yard. The man who went overboard , was. drowned, he who fell on the deck received such injuries that he only survived until the following day ; but the boatswain, although much shaken and bruised, was saved, and is now convalescent. , Captain Cadell's departure .from Sydney in the A. S. N. Co. 's steamer Eagle, on the' 2nd inst., is thus referred to by the Sydney Herald : — ' He proceeds from this port in the sole oommand of an expedition, the immediate object of which is the exploration of the north country of South Australia. He goes to explore as much of the country as may be possibie, and to fix upon the suitable site for the future settlement in. those, parts. The , Eagle will, remain with the expedition ,'as.a basis of operations, a point to fallbaok upon. The steam .tender Firefly will also be employed with the expedition, for the purpose of examining bays, rivers and - creeks along the coast. The cruise will probably extend over six or eight months during , which . time, with an active, well organised body of subordinates under the direction of a commander of well-known sagacity, prudence and .courage,' much may be doubtless effected. Captain Cadell' purposes, we. understand; to examine the:coast,from the 138th to the 129th meridian, landing his horses and men to make his peaceful incursions into the interior, as he goes along, for the purpose of exploration- — with a view to making the. Government by which he is employed thoroughly acquainted with the topo graphy, the products, and the general capabilities of the country he is about to visit. John Mc Donald lately appointed ranger by the Creswick borough 'council, of the Bullarook water-shed and reservoir, was drowned in the latter, on Satui'day, while attempting to recover a bird which he had shot. The, body was recovered about four o'clock on the afternoon of Sunday. The men from Anderson Brothers' Saw mill, and likewise a large number of the, farmers ; in the vicinity, were in attendance, and in conjunction with constable 0,'Shannassy, of Creswick worked most ener getically at their melacholy.task.. The water. was over twenty feet in depth where, the body was met with, and as M'Donald was known, to lhve been an expert swinimer, it is 'most probable that death was , caused by his having become entangled in the weeds; which abound in the' spot ,;where the body; was found. ;, The deceased, a poor,man, leaves a wife and seven. children to lament their loss. .Three of the youngest boys were present o the bank of; the reservoir when their father went, in, to fetch .out the teal he.had shot, : Touching the value of shares. in the Sandhurst and lnglewood Tramway Company, we find the. following ,in the Bendigo_Advertiser : — On, Saturday, Mr. S. P. Hogg, of View-place, . disposed .of lOO : Sandhurst and Inglewood Tramway, 'shares for. 2s 6d. We learn that the shares were. .disposed of by the original holder,acting on legal advice ; and that the law will be called into requisition to compel the directors of the company to make the transfer in the books. At the' instance of the borough council of Echuca - a public banquet is to: be. given by the residents of the town to the hon. John Macgregor, M.P.,-.on Tuesday, the 16th. inst. According to the. Riverine Herald, it is intended, in connection with the banquet to publicly open about half a mile of the new block road now being formed by the. council, as also to lay the foundation-stone of. our waterworks— two events which will throw a little spirit into the general proceedings, of the day.' A correspondent of the Ovens Advertiser, writing from Yackandandah on the. 5th inst. , thus' describes the, progress made by: the police authorities who are endeavoring to ascertain the truth about the recent bushranging escapade :— Yesterday, Mr Inspector Nicholson, head of the detective, force in Melbourne and Mr Superintendent Langley, paid our neighbor hood a visit for the purpose; of instituting an inquiry respecting the reported bushranging exploits at the Mitta , Mitta. , . They' did not proceed beyond Yackandandah, as the principal persons who could give any information respecting it were here—: the storekeeper, Cardwell, and constable Cahill. Prior to their arrival,, a special messenger came . in from Snowy Creek, with the .information that an elderly woman, named Merkins, residing about half a mile from the. police camp, Snowy Creek, had been visited by four men, who were well mounted and heavily armed, and had three pack horses with them ; the men came to her place, and demanded, what bread and other provisions she had, after procuring which they left her, threatening her in case of her giving information of their visit. It appeared that the inen must have chosen the very nick of time, -when- constables Cahill and Crilly had just left for Yackandandah. The messenger. was despatched after Cahill, but did not come up with him. until reaching the Little River. Messrs Langley: 'and. Nicholson left here, last evening, for. Beechworth. The premises of Mr A. J. Smith, bookseller, 30 . Swanston-street, were entered on Saturday evening, and £20 worth of books stolen. The premises were locked at six o'clock that evening, and shortly after nine, o'clock the police found the door open. It is supposed the place was entered by means of skeleton keys. The captain of the ship C. M. Davis reports having, lost, overboard, on the 16th Janilary, in long. 29 deg 12 min. W., a. sailor named George Brandon. The helm was put down' immediately and' every ; exertion made to save' him, but he appears never to have risen to the surface. IMr George Rutherford, of Pechelba Station, states that there is no truth whatever in the paragraph which had been going the rounds of the, colonial press__copied in the first instance, we believe, from the Pastoral Times— to the effect that he had received a letter from a party of bushrangers, threatening to burn down his homestead in order to '. be' revenged for the death of Morgan. It. has been decided that Dennis Murphy, con victed of the wilful murder of Patrick Mara, a pro duce dealer at' Bullarook, is to undergo the extreme penalty of the law, at Ballarat, on Tuesday, the 16th inst. The decision of the Executive Council .was communicated to the criminal Murphy immediately after the receipt of .a telegram' by. the sheriff. Murphy, though evidently moved by: the. prospect of the fate awaiting him, said nothing. : The Gipps Land Times derives comfort from the assurance that the Governmerit have finally decided upon devoting a portion of the amount borrowed in England, through the successful negotiation of Mr Verdon, to the construction of the Melbourne and Sale Railway :— The surveys are. nearly com pleted,' adds our contemporary, and other details of the proposed line will be in the hands of the Railway department in a few days. A woman, named Alice Moore, has been sentenced to two months imprisonment by the Dayles ford bench, for neglecting to support her child, now an inmate of the Industrial School. She. pleaded poverty, but the police discovered that she was the owner of two allotments, and well able to afford maintenance for her child. Assuming that imprisonment will be rendered a real punishment, this example ought to have a wholesome effect upon similar impostors. A German has been killed at the M'Kenzie gold field, by an aboriginal. The information received; by a local contemporary is to the effect that while :drinking in the 'Pig and Whistle,some dispute arose between the German;and the aboriginal, when the latter struck the German with a waddy on the head. The aboriginal has disappeared. A.lubra who was.present states that White fellow kill him. According to: a Riverine contemporary, . an' offer ; has proceeded from some . man made of money to procure the means of constructing.the first section of the. proposed Murray and Darling Railway that is from Echuca.to. Deniliquin — upon, most .advan tageous, terms. The only condition mentioned, is that the committee at Deniliquin should get. from th Government of New South Wales. the guarantee of six per cent., and the necessary land, for making the line. There is prospect of a railway being formed to the Darling from Echuca in a short space of time; much shorter, in fact, than we contem plated, comments the Pastoral Times, The hon. member for Ballavat West, Mr Gillies, took' nothing by his motion, in the Assembly, on Tuesday, to annul the Royal Commission appointed by the Government to inquire into and report upon the mining disputes at Ballarat. His argu ment was that the gentlemen appointed by the Government did not possess sufficient knowledge of mining and its , pursuits to qualify them to offer an opinion. The hon. mem . ber carefully refrained from indicating the gentle men whom he would have preferred to have seen on the commission ; but the improvement of its .quality suggested by Mr Davies, by appointing Messrs Yates and Humffray, . would perhaps have rendered the commission liable to those .imputations which it is admittedly desirable to .guard against ; a very important consideration when interests involving, over one million sterling are at stake. The Royal Commission left Melbourne for Ballarat Tuesday evening, and will sit at Bath's Hotel until further notice, Mr M'Gann's conduct in the recent breach of privilege fiasco was bad enough, but the Speaker's was worse. He seems to feel that he has laid him self open to censure, and Mr Moore's services were, on Tuesday, enlisted to put a friendly question to enable him to offer an explanation. The Speaker took care 'to do so in such a way as to evade the real point at issue. We believe that he has re ceived a lesson that will do him good, and that in future he will bear in mind that he has a duty to discharge to the country, besides that of being a sort of liveried servant to do the bidding of the members who put him in his very comfortable seat. . , The tender of Messrs Overend and Robb, for the .construction of whatever .necessary works may be authorised by the Waterworks department, towards the further prosecution of the Coliban waterworks, was on Tuesday accepted, at a schedule of prices for the different' kinds of work that are to be under taken. The balance-sheet of the Royal Saxon Gold Mining Company, to be presented at the quarterly meeting of the company, to be held at Ballarat on the 17th inst., is in many respects an interesting document, and most creditable to the energy and perseverence of the shareholders who, in spite of the long continued absence of dividends, have still faith in -the concern becoming a payable one. The company was started a great many years . ago, : and the , shareholders have expended an -almost, unprecedented sum upon their ; mine. The capital subscribed amounts to £49,388 10s ; the receipts : from gold, £29,655 13s 7d; re serve shares account, £3008 ; mortgage account at National Bank, £2287 2s 8&; and sundry other ; amounts, which increase , the total receipts to ; £84,538 1s 11d, all of which has, been ex pended , on the mine, with. the exception of £297 3s 2d, the balance at present in hand.. The amount expended in wages has been £21,821 :0s 8d ; working expenses, £38,438 19s 9d ; plant, £2090 1s 4d; timber, ironmongery, &c;, : £5158 12s 2d ; props and laths, £1583 ; and fire wood, £3882 6s 8d. Although the company are paying no dividends, they have full faith that in . a short time they will be in a position to do so ; and as the yield from gold during the last quarter has been £4436 Is Id, there does appear tangible grounds for their expectations. The company are laboring under several great- drawbacks. For ex ample, their machinery may be almost desig nated ancient, having been purchased previous to 1859, but they seem determined to continue in a, steady course till the good time comes. The direc tery is in Ballarat ; but the gentlemen forming it, in order to give the Melbourne shareholders the fullest information, invited them to a meeting at the Albion Hotel, on Tuesday, when they came pre pared, not only wfth reports for inspection, but all the books, plans, deeds, &c;, of the company. Such ' a 'good example might be well imitated by other companies in Ballarat and elsewhere. At the last meeting of the borough council of Essendon and Flemington. there was read a memo- . rial, numerously signed by the ratepayers of the dis trict; suggesting that the council should urge the Government to re-open the Essendon Railway. ;. We observe that Councillor Reilly has been elected mayor of Essendon and Flemington. It : would appear from the proceedings at the last meeting of this borough council, that they are likely to make a satisfactory arrangement with the cattle salesmen of Melbourne for holding an efficient cattle market in the locality. ; Our. Geelong contemporaries say that the un fortunate girl Ehrensteine Kupsch still continues in , a; Very weak state of health. It is feared that she -will not be able to stand the trial, and even if she does that she will probably not survive it. An attempt .w.as recently made to turn the scarcity of shipping in the Bay to account for party purposes. Some of our contemporaries, however, noticed the fact from more worthy motives, and now frankly admit it to have been entirely owing to climatic causes. ' A-few days ago,' says the Geelong Adver tiser, 'we alluded to the scarcity of shipping at our wharfs; this state of things, we are happy to say, owing to recent arrivals, no longer exists. The public are doubtless becoming convinced that something must be done shortly to check the great increase of children daily sent to the industrials schools. . Among the seeming deserving cases numbers occur that with a little inquiry would be -found nothing more than a fraud upon the country. The latest dodge appears to be for the husband to abscond with the wife's knowledge and consent, after duly arranging to maintain her. The wife then proceeds to the police, and showing her poor deserted children, whom she is ' quite un able to maintain, the feeling hearts of the police and magistrates are touched at thoer destitute condition,.: and they are sent to the industrial schools, to the evident delight of the unfeeling parent.: This kind of thing has latterly become too common in both town and country. It is stated that John Jeffrey, of Adelaide Lead, mine; who filed his schedule at Maryborough, on the 6th inst., is the father of' the girl whose name has become so familiar to the public in connection with -the late; tarring and feathering' case. He assigns his causes of insolvency to be 'inability to earn a livelihood as a minor, medical and other expenses incurred through the illness of his daughter, funeral exponses of her child, and costs, to the payment of which he had been recently subjected by reason of legal proceedings.' His liabilities are set down at £61 Is 9 3/4d ; assets, £3 10s ; and deficiency, £57 11s 9.3/4d; A daring case of highway robbery was perpe trated on Saturday, evening, on the road between Clunes and Talbot. The Leader gives the follow ing account of it : — The victim was John Stacey, a wood carter, residing at Kangaroo Flat, and who, for some time past, has been engaged on contracts to supply some of the mining companies at Clunes - with- cordwood. On Saturday he had received several payments, in all amounting to £80, in cash, with which he was returning to Talbot. On arriving at a lonely part of the road, he was suddenly met by two men, who appeared to start up from the ground in front of the horse's head, and seizing the bridle roughly, ordered Stacey to deliver up, and be quick about it.' Seeing no inclination on the part of Stacey to comply with this unreasonable demand, they proceeded to possess themselves of the money by force, and, after rifling his pockets, bade him good night and decamped. The night was so dark; the attack so sudden, and the whole procedure occupied so short a space of time, that Stacey could not 'with any degree of certainty, identify the rascals. Suspicion, however, points to some par ticular individuals, who, it is to be hoped, will not long be able to elude the vigilance of the police. : A correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator does not appear to appreciate the patriotism and capacity of the gentlemen who represent pastoral interests in the West : — ' What are our parliamentry repre sentatives doing for us?' he requests to know. ''If we are earnest or sanguine about our railway agita tion resulting in any good, the sooner we get Messrs Macpherson, Levey and M'Bain to make room for more spirited and energetic champions the better. We hear a . hue and cry' at every ' monster meet ing ' of the shameful neglect of our fine district by Government. Should not every speech-maker, in future, try and rouse the people to the more; im portant necessity of returning efficient members to represent us in Parliament ?' Very well put, in deed. The Break o' Day Company's nugget was exhibited on Monday, in the shop window of Messrs Witt kowski Brothers; Bridge-street, and was the mark of attraction for numbers of wishful admirers of its handsome and heavy proportions. According to the Star, this latter quality, however, is looked upon, as with the Hottentot ladies, to he an additional point of beauty and attraction to the lovers of ' all that's bright,' &c.; The weight in its present state is 186 oz 15 dwt, and the purchase money, at £4 0s 6d per oz, £751 15s. Its shape is of that solid lobed sort well known as characteristic of Roke wood gold ; and, being studded here and there with a few small pebbles of quartz, it would make a fine but rather expensive specimen for a mineralogical museum, or a most desirable chimney ornament. It has turned out, as we anticipated, that Ah Woon, supposed to have been murdered by his fellow- countrymen at Chewton, some days ago, was really the victim of too much opium, self administered. An elderly man, named Charles Billyeald, whilst walking past the Half -Way House, Victoria-parade, Tuesday, was' rudely jostled by. some boys, who pushed him off into the gutter, where he fell with great violence, and struck his head against the pavement. He was picked up insensible, and taken to the Melbourne Hospital. An old resident in the district of Warrenheip, named Lawrence Healey, who has been previously known as the King of Navigator's Village, appeared in the Eastern police court, on Monday, to prosecute his son for an assault. The old man, now over sixty-eight years of, age, was, it appeared, a most litigious character ; fond of quarrelling, and in the habit of continually having disputes. His wife appeared to give evidence against him, and in favor of her son. She described the old man's faults in -very plain terms, and went into details as how he had ill-used her and how he had refused to pay some few laborers about the place, showing pretty clearly that the quarrelsome disposition attri buted to him was not without cause. A few days ago a man living in the neighborhood of Brisbane, went out in the direction of the Three Mile Scrub, looking for missing horses. He had not gone more than an hour, when he returned with the tale that the horse which he had been riding was dead. It had been bitton by an adder, and died a few minutes after receiving the injury. People should be especially careful just now, as these rep tiles and snakes generally are more dangerous at this season than at any other time of the year. It is notified in Tuesday's Gazette that the dis allowances made on the 11th, and published in the Government Gazette of the 16th days of January, 1867, respectively, of the undermentioned applica tions for leases, have been revoked by the Board of Land and Works, the disallowances having been based on incorrect information : — Thomas Cox, Hamilton, 28th December, 1866 ; James Hawkins, Hamilton, 9th and 10th January, 1867; D. C. M'Phcrson, Ararat, 27th December, 1866 : John Wynne, Ararat, 27th December, 1866 ; John Hart, Ararat, 27th December, 1866; George Harriott, Ararat, 27th December, 1866. We understand that Mr E. H. Hargraves, the discoverer of gold, near Bathurst, in New South Wales, the first field that was worked in Australia, is about to renew his application for an additional grant as a reward for developing our mineral wealth. He received £10,000 from New South Wales ; and a committee of the Victorian Parlia ment recommended that a similar sum should be appropriated to reward not only Mr Hargraves, but the Rev. W. B. Clarke, Mr Hiscock,.Mr Michel, Mr Bruhn . and Mr Esmond. This sum was reduced to £5000 when the estimates were under considera tion, and was apportioned thus : — Mr Hargraves, £2500 ; the others, £476 each. The vote was after wards supplemented, so as to make the award to the Rev. Mr Clarke and the others £1000 each. Mr Har graves thinks that he was unjustly treated, in not being included in that supplementary vote ; hence the renewal of his claim at the present time. We learn with satisfaction that a step in the right direction has been taken by the banks of issue acting in concert. The rate of interest on deposits is not, under any circumstances, to exceed six per cent, per annum. The Colonial Bank has, we hear, con sented to abolish, after 1st May, the interest allowed on the daily balance. The Commercial, in . consideration of its being a new institution, is not | pressed into a concession of this point. The next , step will, we trust, be a proportionate reduction in ( the rates of discount. , The secretary of railways announces that during the Easter holidays from Thursday, the 18th, to Monday, the 22nd, return tickets at single fares, available for seven days from date of issue, will be issued from any station to another. A report of the board appointed to inquire into the management of the naval training ship has just been laid before the Legislature. Some of the facts have already reached the public, but it may not be amiss to present them in a more authentic shape. The ship received its first detach ment of boys on board on the 12th of June, 1865. Up to the 30th of September, 1866, the date of the inquiry, the number on ; board amounted to 183, exclusive of 45 . who had left .the ship. The sum expended on this ship had been £5922 4s; , the cost of maintaining the boys from June, 1865, to December in the same year, was £4975 Os Id, or an average of £134 10s per annum. From January to September, the sum expended was £6950 18s 7d, making an average of £72 2s Id. The report expresses a high opinion of the condition of the ship and its suitableness for the work to which it is devoted; and recommends that it shall still be continued as a training ship and branch of the industrial schools. Of the boys ex amined, some were highly, delighted at the ' pro spect of a nautical career; but others had a. decided aversion to going to sea, and these the board re commended should be sent to the industrial schools, and others selected in their place. The Ballarat circuit court will be held on Tuesday next, the 16th inst. It is expected that the trial of Sutherland and M'Laren for the supposed Mount Clear murder will,be gone on with. If the police authorities have not.found the pur suit of knowledge on Beechworth particularly diffi cult, they do not 'seem to' have been overwhelmed with .the burthen . carried to .Melbourne., Up to Tuesday this is all our local contemporary, the Ovens Advertiser, had heard as to; whether real bushrangers had visited the district, or only one of Pepper's ghosts : — ' Mr Inspector Nicholson having finished the business on which he visited these dis tricts, left Beechworth for Melbourne by coach yes terday' morning. Of course, at present it is im possible to say what' will result to senior constable Pepper, as ' Inspector ' Nicholson ' has ' merely to take evidence and report to head quarters, and much rests on whether his report is favorable or otherwise. There seems to be an impres sion abroad that Pepper will be removed to some other station; although on what grounds we cannot see, unless he has been unable to substantiate his statements as to the stickirig- up, and there is little doubt of that. An accident, that providentially was not attended with a fatal result, occurred, on Tuesday, on board the ship Dover Castle;. lying alongside the M. and H. B. United Railway Company's pier, Sandridge. It appears that Mr R. Nevison, the fourth officer of the vessel, was engaged aloft, when his foot slipped in some way, and he fell from the main topsail yard on to the deck. . Some intervening rope broke the fall, and to this may be attributed his comparative safety. Apparently he has received only a few bruises and a severe shaking. As an instance of the change in the times in Ballarat, a local contemporary mentions that it came out in a fraud summons case in the county court, on Tuesday, that a defendant had lodged as security' for a loan, of which £200 was unpaid, scrip of the estimated value of £1600. In proof of the faith of the defendant in that estimate, he had paid £300 in calls on the scrip. since deposit. Now the scrip is regarded as worthless, and the de fendant is without means to pay the balance of the loan. At the meeting of the shire council of Bannock burn, a few days ago, its inspecting officer reported that several of the hotels in the district had changed their more pretentious characters, and were now designated '.. beer shops,' but that the alteration in name was the only change that had really taken place. The reduced license fee for a beer shop is in each case the one that is paid, while spirits are sold without disguise. . This is not likely to be the only district in which Mr Michie's bill has proved a greater boon to the publicans than to the public. A passenger, named Irvine, who arrived at Geelong by the nine, o'clock Ballarat train, on Tuesday night, met with an accident at the station, by .which. his foot has been seriously injured and which will render amputation necessary. . It appears that after the arrival of the train he remained on the platform until the train departed for Melbourne, then walked up the line, and coming on that upon .which some carriages were being shunted, between Brougham place and Skene-street, crossed on to, another and, came in contact ' with the engine that was going into the shed, which would appear to have knocked him down, and the hind wheel of the engine passed over his foot. . Tenders were opened, on Wednesday, in connection with the department of Public Works, and the following contracts accepted : — For repairs to the jetty at Sandridge, Mr Fossel, £278 ; for stables, &c;, to '. the Military Barracks, Mr J. Walker, £2396 9s 9d ; ' and for works connected with the Portland court house, Mr Noble, £219 7s 6d ; the acceptance of the tenders thus announced to be subject to the usual reservations. An accident occurred on Monday evening on the railway line between the Moorabool station and that at the Leigh-road, which might have proved danger- ous to the driver of the ten minutes past seven p.m. train from Ballarat. From the Geelong Advertiser's report, it appears that the keeper of the gate between the two stations named was taken ill, and' was com- pelled to retire to bed. Just before the time of the arrival of the Ballarat train he instructed his wife to go out and lock the gates, who made the mistake of shutting them across the rails instead of across the road; consequently, when the train passed it broke through the gates, shattering them to pieces, and scattering the fragments to a considerable distance. The two front lamps of the engine were smashed, and it is a lucky thing that none of the splinters touched the driver. The erection of a Chinese lazar house, somewhere or anywhere within the borough of Ballarat East for the reception of those outcasts of humanity— the Chinese lepers— appears to be viewed by the council with the utmost hostility, as we learn from the Star. The matter came before the council on Tuesday evening on a communication from the district surveyor, stating that a site had been suggested on Clayton's-hill, on which' the council's opinion was requested. Cr. Dodds observed that if such a pest house was erected in that locality, he considered the inhabitants should collect together and burn it down, as it would otherwise have the most damaging effect in depopulating that part of the town. The borough cemetery was suggested as a suitable site for such a house, but the matter was ultimately left over for the report of the works committee. A singular circumstance occurred a fevr nights ago to Mr Willis, at his residence, on Talbot Flat as related by the Leader. Some hours after retiring to rest, Mr Willis was awakened by a peculiar. sensation in his ear, accampanied with intense pain, and as he could obtain no relief,- and the pain appeared to increase, he proceeded to Dr. Dowling, at whose surgery he arrived in . a fainting condition. After thoroughly cleansing the ear with a syringe and warm water, the forceps were .used, and two large ants were extracted, they having penetrated to such a distance as to be out of sight. The ear was much swollen, and the suffering caused by the bites of these insects was very severe. During the sitting of the Sandhurst district court, .on Tuesday, mounted constable Wright brought in from the lock-up at. the Campaspe a man of the name of Thomas Johnson, alias ' Maori Tom,' on a charge of having attempted a capital offence upon a respectable woman of the name; of Sarah Knapp, the wife of; a farmer upon the Campaspe. The poor creature who so narrowly escaped from the per petration of such a gross outrage, has been for some time suffering from the effects of insanity. On Saturday, unknown to her family, she escaped from the homestead towards the punt upon the river, where she was seen by the prisoner, who watched: his op portunity, and had it not . been for the unexpected arrival of the two men whose, presence compelled him to desist, the intended outrage would have been committed. The men very promptly gave informa tion to constable Wright, who apprehended Johnson at the Clare Inn, and on Tuesday brought him up and obtained a remand for a week. Johnson (as we, learn from the . Bendigo Independent), is a tall, powerful half-cast, a native of Auckland, New Zealand, and in the year 1857 was serving his time as an apprentice to the business of a shipwright in the yards. of Messrs Sharp 'and Nicholls,.of Auckland. He has been absent. from New Zealand for some years, and resided. for some time, at Mount Macedon, wood splitting, since which he has been engaged upon the Campaspe as a job bing hand. He told the constable who apprehended him that he remembered Mr M'Lachlan when he was. magistrate in Auckland, and that gentleman upon the prisoner being brought before him at once recognised him, and said that he knew the prisoner's father well. A local journal is credibly informed that the trial. of the Daylesford arson case has been post 'poned till the 24th inst., and that a still further postponement will be . asked, and in all probability obtained. . The probability, according to this authority, is that the trial will not come off before the May sittings. The always lovely' valley of the Moorabool now presents an. appearance of peculiar beauty (as a local contemporary says, with very laudable rap ture). The late rains have had a beneficial, effect, and the green grass has shot up in the place of the withered pasture which has lately covered the ground. The farmers; have been very busy lately ploughing their ground, and will have finished in a short time. Mr Oliver Ware, butcher, Mopoke, Creswick, ;found, on going home on Monday, that his cash box, containing about £50 in gold, notes and silver, had been stolen from his bedroom during the absence of himself and Mrs Ware. Information of the robbery was given at the Creswick police station, on Tuesday, and constable O'Shannassy at once proceeded to the place, where he arrested the servant girl, Mary Jane Stephenson, who is about seventeen years of age, and from her learned that a woman of abandoned character, named Louisa Moor, who is living with a splitter about half -a-mile from Ware's, had come to the house on Monday, and finding the master and mistress were both out, asked the girl where the money was kept. It was ultimately arranged between them that the girl was to steal the money that day, make it up in a parcel, and give it to Louisa Moor on the following day. Constable O'Shannassy took the girl with him to Louisa Moors house, and in the girl's presence asked the woman for the parcel the girl had left with her. The woman handed O'Shannassy a parcel containing two newspapers, saying, ' here it is.' O'Shannassy then took. them both back to Ware's, and the girl, after being pressed by him to tell where the money was, showed him where: she had concealed it under her bedroom, about 90 feet distant from Ware's bed room. The whole of the money was recovered, and the servant girl and the woman Louisa Moor were both conveyed to the lockup at Creswick. An excellent sample of coal was brought, on Thurs day, from the works, of the Corinella. Coal Mining Company, Western Portland is now on view at No° 55 Little Collins-street west. A painful; but fortunately rare incident, is reported from Middle Creek, Glengower. On a farm there, the property of Richard Handcock, of Birch's Creek, a stack of wheat, containing, about 400 bushels, was destroyed by fire on the 3rd inst. ; and a coroner's inquest resulted in a .verdict of . incendiarism. Mr Handcock stated, to the jury, that. he. suspected his brother Samuel to have, been, the incendiary. At the Sandhurst borough police court,: on Wed nesday, the four men who have been several times remanded on the charge of committing burglaries at Beechworth and Chiltern, were further remanded to Wednesday next, with an intimation from the police magistrate that the case would be investigated on that day. : Several persons were admitted to the Melbourne Hospital on Thursday, having met with various severe accidents. Joseph Bird, aged 19 years, in the employ of Mr J. Pritchard, 'butcher, Collingwood; was' drafting cattle into a paddock at Northcote, when his horse came into contact with a tree, and he was thrown with violence, receiving very severe injuries. Patrick Moriarty, a laborer at the Spencer street station, was loading a waggon with pig iron, when a bar fell across his thigh and broke it. 'A similar accident occurred at Riddell's Creek, where George Gordon, who was loading timber, let a log fall on to is right leg which was broken thereby. An elderly woman, named Jane Stewart, received into the hospital, had been found by her son crouched down in the corner of her house at Hotham. She was in a state of insensibility, and continued so up to a late hour on Thursday night. An infringement on the liberties of the press, which had something of the appearance of a breach of privilege, was nearly occurring at the city police court yesterday. A hotel keeper named Francis B. Dixon was charged with being drunk whilst in charge of two horses, and was fined 10s. The fine he readily paid, but was very loth to have his name appear in the public' prints, and generously offered the five reporters 2s 6d each to alter his name. ' With a daring disregard of their pecuniary interests, however, the representatives of the press declined this tempting offer. A youth named Francis Cartwright, a son of Mr Cartwright, of the Leicester. Nursery, has been, missing from his home since last Monday morning. Mr Cartwright, who has been bed ridden for two months past; informs the Bendigo Inde pendent that his son was sent to a doctor at the White-hills on that morning, and left with some medicines to return home, between ten and eleven, since which time he has not been heard of. As may be imagined, the boy's father and mother are in great distress. Mrs Cartwright and her daughter have been out for two days searching, and two policemen were also similarly employed on Wednes day, but without obtaining any tidings of the missing lad. The father writes :— ' He (the boy) has never been away from home in his life before,' and therefore it may reasonably be hoped that he has lost his way, and that no accident has befallen him. The boy is dark complexioned, and was dressed in a brown coat, blue cloth cap, and white canvas trousers. We understand that the Minister of Mines has accepted the invitation to a public banquet in Echuca, to take place on the 16th inst. The matter seems to have been taken up in a very commendable spirit in the district. . Dr. Carr seems to have very successfully mesmerised some of the most sceptical of Bendi gonians.. He gave an electro-biological entertain ment on Wednesday evening, in favor of the Benevo lent Asylum ; and Mr M'Intyre, on taking the chair, said he did so most reluctantly, being a disbeliever in the science Dr. Carr professed, to teach, and that he had consented to preside only in order to aid a benevolent object. At the conclusion of the pro ceedings, however, Mr M'Intyre is reported to have, stated ' that he had watched the subjects carefully, and had seen many things to astonish him. He had been a thorough sceptic as to mesmerism, but now he was a partial believer, and could not help being otherwise after witnessing the lad Osborne, whose eye had not moved while his hand and arms were pierced with two surgical needles. Mr Clark and Mr Metcalf, he believed, were also mesmerised. There was a great substratum of truth in what they had seen that night, and Dr. Carr had a wonderful influence over his subjects.' A deputation from the Ladies' Benevolent Association had also waited, upon Dr. Carr, and he had consented to give either; a lecture for them on Sunday in the theatre, or a cheque for £20 for the benefit of the society. 