THE PLKASritm 01' AN EDITOR. 'Wlint ! Utty tli-j M'iniiii'i Roarer find edit it? N'ut if I know it, thank you. You ilnn't see why I shouldiit? Woll, then let mo tell you I'd rather Itirn ljrii:km:tkcr, cnalluMviT, woodcutter, fencer, ditcher, anything rather than turn editoi- airaiu.' Jiunijilimts little j man was excited ; liis small dark eyes flittered like a fun-el's ; liis hair, .short, wiry, and red, and at the best of times crow Howards instead of downwards, and looked like the clipped mane of a finrAe ; now it nUm:\ fairly npriglif:, brist ling with excitement, like the hair on the nei-k of a Scutch terrier when ratting ; it plainly said, ' Xo, sir, yon can't impose upon me — it won't do I can't allow it for one moment.' It ainu-eil me to draw him out, and so I a=ked him, wiiy not? ' Why not! Do you know what sort of a man an elitm- must be, and what son of life he lead.-. I Xo ! Then listen In tlie first place, he must lie ait ene.yclopui.l'a, he must know everything, lie's no use at all if h' do-u't. Nothing i''ii earth, in the air, sky oceat), or any other curiier t:in-t be Ktr'tngii to him : lilurat'ire, arts, monces, lnanufai-tures, indiistiies of all kinds mnM be at Iilk fingcrn' | end.-.. He must lJL. An artor, seulptin1, engineer, I doctor, lawyer, and politiiiau, and bo able to I critiii^e and damn the lot of them. He must j know everyone ; wlw's Ijnrti : who's d'-ad : j who's living, and who's guiniMn die, uiiu who'^ going to be bom. The only thing he's nol cxpi'ulr.d to know arc swh tritiies as hum*.*, peaee, ijtiiet, comfort, and his wife and children lie must ne\er want any sleep, but treat it as a delusion and ii mare ; iiud a.-- for dinner, no 'man is fit for rti editor who cannot make his Sunday's d'nner last hint the week, lie an editor' indeed 1 L'gli, tlie idea, is Jiomi.ile .' Pass the wine.' | After vi-ious'.y cracking a few walnuts Bumptious rc--\iined : — ''No, Frank, it tvon't do ; it's a dug's life with :?? dog's ]i;tyincnt. -\ man's temper mn-t be an^eli.1. lie must ralher like being called a liar and ;. scoundrel than otherwise. He must smile at all Kcurilous salntOs from angry currL-spondents. Then the actual work — you ve mi coii.-epttoti of it. It's the old story over again — making bricks with out straw. Take ltullpate's speech and report it ; you've first to put it into shape, stiffen it with argument, supply it with g-ammar, cut out the tw;;dd!.-, and make it intelligible, aud next day Ihillpato calls and blackguards you for not reporting him verbatim Of course j such a charming interview clears your brain, I and you sit down tu V'ltr loader. Tap, tap at j your door before jou've written three lines, and ! iu .stops Miss I'oliria Warbler, to show you her ? liSt'e j -ie;ll. ciir.r.ii'ncii!jr — '. Alas, my pet nf many d;ivs li^= just Hone il'-ir.s. | And I, with l.ur.-.tiiig lu-uit, iuu5t ti: ilou.i iT.iinj:, i and so on for twenty elegant stanzas, which , she thinks will (ill in nicely the corner of your j excellent paper. You must uot oll'eiid her— ' she is a subscriber ; so wifli your best grace , you assure her, regretfully, that ' the taste of j uur community is nut sufficiently cultivated to j appreciate such poetry as hers ;' an willi an air of interest, and without the ghost of a smile, you must recommend her to scud it -o a friend of yours, the editor of tlio Mudvillc Magazine, who, no doubt, will be delighted. The lady gone you tackle your leader again— perhaps a kuotty point on some constitutional question — you wish to do it well, look up authorities, arrange your argument and so on ; the door opens — 'Good morning, Mr Heditor,' and ill walks Furaier Mangold, an immense turnip in his hand, Which he places on your table, to en able him to draw from his huge pocket oue of the largest, longest, and probably the dirtiest carrots you ever saw or wish to see. By this time your table u corowl with ^edmou of ' Boglands,' which Mangold wiahtm yea to quote far its extraordinary fertility ; he u going home as soon as be can eell thai desirable farm. Vuu bow him ont as cheerfully as your exhausted patience will admit, and find ft devil waiting at tbe door. Ytni know at once lie wants you. ? Copy1 is written oa his face. I believe these imps enjoy the tortures they jiut you to. They know as well as you do that you're uot prepared — have Hot a line written ; but yodr time is up — it's nn use — satisfy tlieni in some shape you must. In desperation you Uke the scUsors and cut out something, know ing all the time that you will be ' over set' — uii.Viliing to send away the horrid spectre. I iK'iijve no ma:i mure fervently liates the devil ami nil his works than au editor dues.' N.» saying, the little nun stops for breath, looks va-antly at the deciliter, and in a tit of ubslrailiim, refills liis glass, and does not re cover his presence of mind until it i-i empty again. As soon as he does, he takes another, ami walks to the fireplace. Finding him silent, I ].«-k up and say, ' Well, anything more 1' This starts him again. ' -More ! I tell you, you people who quiolly read your paper, and cannot take your cocoa and esg without it, know untiling about the labour — hard, continuous labour, wearying vexatious brain work — winch goes to the mak ing u;i of that sheet which you idly scan, jfid toss aside, with a nuittcrcl 'Nothing in it' Bah ! Nothing in it ? it inaku; me wild to hear a man say this. Nothing in it ! (Jive Ihat same paper which you have contemptu ously thrown down to a man, say in prison, or a-iywhero away from the haunts of men. Did M'Clnru and liis noble companions, frozen up in ihe regions of eternal ice, say ' Nothing in it,' when they gut a paper from home 1 No, indeed, the very advertisements ttfeine I with life, intelligence, hopes, fcar.s, and nh.it is dear to everyone — news from home. It matter.-- not what country he calk'J hiitue, or fj-.im what (juarti-r «r the globe he came, he was ceriiiiu to lind suiucthiuir to interest him, aud for which he was thankful ' ' Trui; old boy,' f rejoined; ' but we can't all go tu t!ie North Pole on a pie-nie cwiirsinu on purpose to enjoy our newspaper. I'.i];.; the (ire, please.' ?' No, 1 don't want yon, but I want In -how you what a luxury a paper is, and like all luxuries, how it is made up from the necessi ties and deprivation of others. Not one iu a thousand ever thinks how much learning, care, labour, and ceaseless industry is required to supply him with his morning news, and fewer Ktill of the anxiety, worry, and comfortless life an editor In-. Of course, much depends upon the character of the man and the class of paper he edits. In the larger ollices there is much division of labour : but iu many in stances the whole work of a paper, not me chanical, falls upon the editor. When this is the case, if he is an hone.-t man, with fair abi lities, he is anxious to do his work well, and then he really is one of the hardest worked men in any calling of life. 1 know what it is( and shudder at the thought of again undertak ing such a responsibility.' ]5y (his time Ilumptious had cooled down. We pulled our cigars iu silence for some time, rjtimpltous was getting cool ; there was no fun in him at such times. To stir him up again 1 said, ' Polities must be a great relief to an editor.' He rose immudiotery. 'Politics, sir, a re lief! [ tell you an editor liates the very name. He sees so much of the baseness, shiftiness, sell-socking, aye, aud positively rightdowu barefaced lying, that he must be disgusted. As business he accepts it of necessity, but it is ashes in his mouth. One day he reports Mr I». Pascal's speech at a meeting. The nest tnoruing ho receives a letter from that gentleman signed Honesty,' exposing the fallacy and clap trap of his own outpouring. Whichever party succeeds hi: wants a billet, and anything he can, do, say, or write tn ensure success, he is prepared for. Ductors audlawy.'rs are commonly said tn view different aspects of hutnai; uriture. J. think an editor sees as much as cither, and will gene rally side with the lawyer. No, sir ; depend upon it, politics improve no man ; they blunt his moral sensibility ; he has so often to coin promisu between the rinht and t'le expedient that (hey ko.hi become synonynioiis, terms.' ' N.i ili'u'jt, no doubt, ihuuptioiis,' I broke in. ' Vou'ro quite right. Chatham was a huiii'j-.trf, Pill an as'S. llnlifay triiumcJ aliv.iys on the winning side. Franklin, ton, was just j a-- iun;iriii''ipa'le.l as the rest. A nice lot weren't I ?hey J— ail going iu for self, as iiioved by the euorniou.- fortunes they made.' ?'Don't riuilf. Fred. Go.l forbid I should mean that hundreds of goml mean have not honestly and manfully worked for their coun try with no sordid ends in view ; but the.-e are exceptions, lint I uphold that none of your favourite statesmen wetv made better meii by following politics. Von can't travel a dirty mad without picking up some of the mire.' ' Well, don't preach, an.I 1 won't chaff. How do you get on with correspondents '' ' We seldom get letters that we care for, or that will pay for the time and trouble of peru sal and I'orrcctii'ii. We've plenty of oilers of assistance. Otic will, if agreeable, send us a lender — on some pet scheme . f his own. An e.litor is of leu amused, and sometimes angered, by the cool way in whi'-h some one proposes to make a tool of himself .v.iu his paper. They si'ein to think he is a fool, sind so he is if he re mains at his po-t one day longer than he can help. Ho I must decline pwviiiptovily, rlcfid edly, and most emphatically your obliging sug gestion to buy (he - iSeaudul Town Knarer.' J don't mind hard work. I'm used to abuse. I've an average share oj brains, and mure than the average want of cash. Vi-t I nin*t want both in a greater degree before 1 can entertain I any such proposal. 1 am weak enough to Lave | a lingering regard for my wife ; and my chil dren, bores as they are, are not distasteful to me. I know something of them now, and what home meaus ; ami certainly I am not pre pared to give then: all up for the pleasure of con- ! ducting a journal of small circulation, where- ', the burden of the work falls on the editor.' I 