-?^ *; ???'.*' n TtTESDAT. DSOEKSBB 17. \- . : . FAILURE OF HARVEST. tha'HaoL.J.n. BARROW presented a peti : lion signed by 350 landowners, farmers, and ' «t£a» residing in the Counties and Dtetriets of light Mid Gawler, asking tbe House to take ?etioo f or the reKtf of tinners who h*d suf fered by the red nut. He would mention that , ?ome«f tbe signatures were signed by proxy, but they -wore bonk fide. J4AIL STEAMER Tbe Hon. Xf. MORGAN called the Chief Secretary's attention to *- statement in the Mcgittcr titat tbe Mail Agent bad caused the branch steamer to start without the whole of the mail or passengers* packages. Tbe CHIKF SECRETARY would call on the Postmaster for further information on the matter. .SOLIC&SZAT1ON; AT BULLAPARTNGA. The Hon. 3. H. BARROW asked the Chief Secretary whether s petition addressed to His Excellency, asking that the Police-Station might be removed from Bullaparinga to KnaiM VUe bad been presented. ' Tbe CHIEF SECRETARY would enouire into tbe matter. IMMIGRATION RETURNS. Tbe CHIEF SECRETARY laid on the table Die return on this subject moved for by tbe Hon. J. Baker. 8TBAT5LALBYN AND MIDDLETON RAtl- WAY. The Hon. H. MILDRED asked the Chief Beoretary the following questions : — ' t. What railway between Strathalbya and Sfiddleton is alluded to in the schedule to tbe Baawayloan Bill, 1867. '2. What aum has been expended on the Sfz&thalbyn; and Middleton Tramway. '3. What sum has been expended on the Boaewerthy and Forresters Railway.' The CHIEF SECRETARY replied— ' ' L The railway is that for which a Bill was pawed in 1866. '2. The sum expended was £56,350; but a much, larger sum would be required to complete the various contracts. ' 3. The sum actually expended was £14,600 14s. Sd. ; but there were considerable liabi lities.' RAILWAYS. The Hon. J. T. BAGOT asked the Hon. the Chief Secretary — 'The amount of money ex pended on the following lines up to the present tame :— The Strathalbyn and Middleton, the Forresters and Bum, the Narracoorte And Mount Gambler, the Port Wakefield and Boyle's Plains. Also, what amount will be required during the present year for these lines ; also, tbe amount expended for tiirveys, and ?whether such kudu for surveys are to be charged ?gainst loam, or against the General Revenue.' The CHIEF SECRETARY replied as fol lows: — 'Strathalbyn and' Middleton. — Amoprtt ex ponded in the colony from revenue, £9,999 15s. Sd. ; ditto from loans, £31,109 ; ditto by Agent General from loanE, £15,250 18a. lid. ; total, £56,359 14a. 7d. Amount required for expen diture during present year, niL Amount ex pended for survey, charged to revenue, £1,001 4a. 4d. ; also to loans, £362 13s. ; total, £1,363 17s. 4d. ' Roseworthy and Forresters. — Amount ex pended in the colony from loans, about £8.000 ; amount expended by Agent-General from loans, &C;, about £6,600 14s. 2d_; total, £14,600 14a. 2d. Amount expended for surreys, chained to loans, £1.074 lls. 4d. 'Forresters and Burra. — Amount expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £K25. ''Narracoorte and Mount Gambier. — Amount expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £676 15s. Sd. 'Port Wakefield' and Hoyle's Plains.— Amount expended in the colony from loans, about £5,000; amount expended by Agent General from loans, about £6,614 38s. ; total, £11,614 18s. Amount required for expenditure duringpreBent year, 1867, for freight, about £220. Amount expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £74 15b. ; amount expended for sur veys, charged to loans, £1,759 19s. 4d. ; total, £1,834 14* 4d.» RAILWAY LOAN BILL. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved the second reading. He described the provisions of the Bill, as on the former debate. He wished to inform the H-in. Mr. Mildred that the Go vernment knew of no difference between a tail -way and a tramway, and that the Government intended the Strathalbyn Line to be worked as -».at first intended, by horse power. As the Council had decided in favor of the narrow gauge for the Port Wakefield line, the borrow ing power would not be used up to the same extent as intended with reference to that line. The works had been all authorised by the Council, though some of them could not be completed for tbe original estimate. Had tbe revenue permitted, tbe Government would not have asked the Council to authorise a loan for the excesses. There was no change in tbe . policy of the present Government and present Engineer with reference to tbe style of 'the railways. That was a mistaken idea. Mr. Mais found ottt, however, that Mr. Hanson's estimates were not sufficient. The present Engineer-in-Chief was not responsible for the contracts ; they were the contracts of his predecessor. He was sorry there was any attempt to mix up privilege with that BilL The question was too serious to have privilege questions mixed up with it. He claimed to have as much regard for and as much know ledge of the privileges of the Council as any hon. member in it. ' He did not ask any hon. member to take bis dictum on the question, and he hoped they would not take the dictum of any other hon. member. He would refer thorn to a case in point bix years ago, when tbe Hons. Messrs. Bagot, Parkin, and Mildred were in the other House, and the Hon. Mr. Bigot was member of the Ministry. In the Bill of that session £46,000 was 'asked for for railways and waterworks, without specifying what railways. The B.n. Mr. Baker was present. If not in the House he was a member of tbe Council, and in the country. What the hon. members, he referred to asked the Council on that oc casion to do, he hoped they would ask the Council to do now, and act consistently with themselves. He could point out-other Bills similar to the one before the House which tn Council had passed without demur. He hoped they would take the Bill on its merits, and not go on the question of privilege, which was not concerned. He coula understand hon. mem bers opposing the .Bill on tbe ground that we should not borrow such a sum of money, but he could not understand them supposing the privi leges of the Council were at stake. He could not either understand how, after they had com menced railways, hon. members could refuse the money necessary to conclude them. They were not going to enter into competition with employers of labor. They had two years of de pression following years of unexampled de pression.- Should they endeavor to tide over bad times in the hopes of better years coming, as he had no doubt they would, and find ?work for the people ? He knew some hon. members thought the Government should not find work for the people, but he did not think the majority of the Council would agree with that view. What were the Government to do if the people were out of work and in destitution. We bad no parochial institutions, and was it net better to pay for work than for men in idle ness? Many farmers could not employ men any further. Whatever the average yield of wheat this year, many fanners were quite with out crop. Those who said Government should not find work for working men applauded the Government when tbey relieved other classes, such as the pastoral and mineral lessees. It was not only unstatesmanlike, but inhuman to say the Government should leave men to starve. The question was of vital interest to all classes. He asked hon. members not to be led away by shadowy questions of privilege, bat take the Bill on its merits. It was not a Ministerial but a colonial question. The Hon. Mr. Barrow had said that if Mr. Hanson had bo-n allowed the extra 10 per cent he could have finished the ? works without further excesses. Inanswei to that he would read the following communica tion from Mr. Mais — 'Engineer-in-Chiefs Office, Adelaide, December 17, 1867. ' Sir — I have tbe honor to inform you that, my attention having been directed by you to a statement made in the Legislative Council Chamber with reference to the estimates made by Mr. Hanson for the various railway worksnow IB progress, I feel it my duty to make a few remarks thereon. It is a matter of personal regret to me to be called upon to nuke any comments upon the estimates of my predecessor' in office'; but after the broad statements that \- have been made I feel compelled to state the facts as they have occurred. Par the sake of illustration I will take works upon the Middle ton and Strathalbyn Railway, nearly the whole of which were let prior to my taking office. The principal items, as estimated by Mr. Hanson, and upon which - the greatest discrepancies occur, are as follow : — Land and compensation, estimated originally at £44 per mile, has actually cost sp to ' October, 1867, £105 per mile. Earthworks estimated to cost £533 per mile have cost £709 per mile. Fencing estimflted-at £105 per mile has cost £220 per mile. Culverts and bridges estimated to cost £670 pennfleiiave cost £1,127 OmI&uiL; 45ftbgera ea&nated; «t Is. 3i each kavecost upon *n average 4s, eexsh. Ballast estimated at 3s. per nuBlc yard have cost from 5s. to 7a. €d. per cubic yard. These are &e; principal items, and no increase in quantity ?would iajorease the price, but would operate in H» opposite direction. I have added me smallest ballast neeeotty to reader ffie lm secure a»d economical in maintenance, withou reference to the question, of acne or locomotive traction. Although the character and extebt of tbe railway work* have not been materially altered yet the total cost hns been considerably increased in consequence of the -Erroneous sur veys, levels, and other data which have lately been discovered, to correct which, has eort a oonsider*Ue amount of time and money. In some instances the d«eds of land nave been prepared, and the money paid . »s compensation by the Government therefore whereas the line of railway has beem bud out through an adjoining sectfeft belonging to a different praprieteH As a rule, the levels have been proved to be altogether unreliable. Errors aaioiuiti&g; in some instances to 12 inches and wpwttds having been discovered. Such errors as these inafinisbed working section, axealtocether inexcusable, and in my experience, without & parallel. It would have been extremely easy for me to have reduced my estimates, by the omission of important portion' of the works* such as fencing, fish platen, ballast, &c.s; but it has been my desire to provide for this colony the most efficient lines consistent with economy, and I have framed my estimates accordingly. Should any farther details be deeded requisite, I shall be nappy to furnish -them, but I respect full v submit ilmt the information I have already famished in this and previous reports sow before Parliament, proves beyond doubt, that these lines have not been, and cannot be carried out, for the original estimates, even with an addition of 10 per cent ** I have, &c;, &c;, *' H. C. Mais, Engineer-in-Chief.' He thought that would show the Government and the Engineer had not departed from the original designs. The Council had approved of the consolidation of the loans, and he hoped they would support the BilL The Hon. J. T. BAGOT had listened care fully to the solemn Warnings of the Chief Secre tary, and never h*d he heard a Chief Secretary make a more firebrand speech* He appealed from the privileges of the House to the working men, and warned thfe Council of the conse quences if tbey threw out the Bill— if tbey not tnereh- did not borrow money at the request of the Chief Secretary, but in the evict way he dictated: If suoh a speech had been uiado in the other House by a Minister persons would have looked up»n it as going too far. The Chief Secretary said that was tho third time he hud introduced the BilL Why was that? Because the House bad disapproved of such B way of borrowing money — of taeking on items of great importance that the Council had had no oppor tunity of discussing. TJ.e Chief Secrctaty taunted him with being the champion of the privileges of the Council. He should be proud of such a position. It was important for tbe sake of the country that the privileges of the House should be maintained, and it was an honor for a man to stand forth in their behalf. When he saw the Chief Secretary endeavoiing to sell the privileges of tlio House for the pur pose of gaining some political advantage, he felt bound to enter his protest. The Chief Secre tary referred to the £46,000 Bill he, as a mem ber of the Ministry, hoped to send to the Coun cil, but all the Hems in that Bill had been sanc tioned by the Council. (The Chief Secretary— '?The same with this.') The same ? Had the Council sanctioned the £10,000 for the Victor Harbor jetty? Then there was tbe fact that after the Loan BiU was introduced the House was asked to sanction in the form of a separate Bill one item included in tbe Loan Bill, and threw it out If the House was to be of tbe slightest use to the country they would not yield up their privileges on the threats of the Chief Secretary. When the Chief Secretary included items, some of which had been rejected by the House, and some of which he knew hon. members disapproved of, it was clearly a tack such as had never been attempted in these colonies before. The Chief Secretary argued that if they had ever neglected their privileges they should always abandon them. Tbe Chief Secretary spoko of the consequences ; but whose fault would that be? The responsi bility was with the Government. If the Government chose ti respect the privi leges of the Council, many in the other House would support the^Government in doing eo. It was only a question whether the Govern ment were determined to force the Bill on the House in its present form. If the Government nnnU tvitlirlraw t.lifi Rill t.tiev could carrv out its objects in another way. It wonld be much better to withdraw tbe Bill and introduce several tluit ihe House might consider. That report of Mr. Mais was plausible, but if looked into might not turn out to be worth much. There was one item, the increased quantity of ballast. Why was that, except that tbe Chief Secretary intended to change tbe horsepower for locomotive. (The Chief Secretary—' That would require less ballast') That only showed how the Chief Secretary was imbued _ with the extravagant notions of th- present Engineer in-Cbief when he said that more ballast would be required on a horse traction than on a loco motive line. He would remit that question - however, to the Hon. Capt. Ba§ot, He would ask what £72,000 extra on one line could be re quired for, except that the plan of the line was being altered by deeper cuttings, heavier bal'ast, and bridges, and in other ways. He could not believe thnt Mr. Hanson, who was a talented man, could be 50 per cent, out in his calculations. Probably on some occasions Mr. Hanson had been somewhat extravagant, as engineers com monly were, but what they experienced now out- Heroded Herod. The extravagant Mr. Hanson was far surpassed in extravagance by the unextravagant Mr. Mais. The House should consider this matter, and should find out how these things happened. Mr. Hanson was especially instructed to make light lines, and made his calculations accordingly, but now they were asked to sanction £5,000 per mile outlay where he (Mr. Bagot) believed £3,00C would do, if the line was intended for horse power. He would ask the Council if they would consent to be entirely ignored in money matters — whether they would allow tbe Chief iWrwharv tn aav to them thev must take thfir choice of rousing up the working men or taking a money Bill with anything he chose to put in it. He would move the previous ques tion. The PRESIDENT said there was a condi tional amendment of the Hon. J. Baker's on the paper, and they could not have two amend ments before the House -at once. The Hon. J. T. BAGOT said till the condi tional amendment was moved it was no amend ment at alL The PRESIDENT differed entirely. The Hon. J. T. BAGOT— Soppose the Hob. Mr. Baker chooses to retire from tbe House. The PRESIDENT aaid the conditional amendment was before them till Mr. Baker should withdraw it. The Hon. J. BAKER would withdraw the conditional amendment, and bring it on again afterwards if necessary. The PRESIDENT thought he could not bring t on again. The CHIEF SECRETARY submitted that if the previous question was put, no one could put an amendment afterwards. The Hon. J. BAKER, to avoid difficulty, would withdraw the contingent amendment. The Hon. T. ELDER hoped the Council would not stultify itself by agreeing to the motion, as nothing had occurred since fie Council rejected the Bill a few days ago, to show wby its decision should be altered. It could not be said that that decision had been arrived at hastily, as it had received every con sideration, and the Bill had been freely dis cussed by all hon. Members. It seemed strange that the BiU should be brought before them again in precisely the same form, and it was not ! at all complimentary to- tbe good sense and ! judgment of tho Council that such, a course should be pursued. The tactics of the Govern ment in this matter, were something like those | referred to by Hamlet, when apostrophisiiis bis father's ghost — ' The times have been. That, when the brains were out., the man would I die, . j And there an end ; but now they rise again .- With twenty mortal murders on their crown*, ; And push us from our stools.' ; (A whisper—' Macbeth.') But he had a better j opinion of his follow members than :to believe that they would change their decision. The example of the Legislative Council of Victoria in resisting the encroachments which were attempted upon their liberties was worthy of imitation and resp-ct. Neither the dictates of j the Assembly nor tho hostility of the Govern- ! tnent an-J Governor debarred the members of the 'Victorian Council from doing what they considered to bo their duty. Nor should that Council yield ©n points in which its privileges were involved. A great deal had been said about the harm that would be done to the colony if this Bill was rejected, and one hon. member (the Hon. Mr. Bairow) had alluded to an invasion of the city by 20,000 starving men, demanding work or food, as one of the likely results. He had never heard in th*t Houbs anything so absurd as that statement appeared to him. He thought a great deal too much had been made of the state of the crops ; and while he was willing to admit that there were many farmers is certain districts who were likely to be reduced to such straitened circumstances aB would call for consideration at the hands of the Government— though he hoped they would meet with it first from their land- ; lords — it should not be forgotten that thi» was ] an extraordinary good season for many agricul- I turists, who would gather ample crops, which j would command high prices. So that when re- i viewing the condition of the unfortunate farmer they should not forget the benefits -which would be derived by the fortunate one. He had numerous tenants around Gawler who told him that they would be unable to pay their rent next year— (hear, hear)— and one of the largest of them had not only said that he would not be able to pay the rent, but had asked him for assistance to obtain seed. (Hear, hear.) He did not refuse him, but felt willing to do all that be could to meet the cunmmstanoee. But wben tbe Chief Secre *iaj told tfrem that th«fi-e would be many want ing food unless these works w^re carried out. and urged that in favor of the BiU, he regarded it as ah exaggeration, and Would there fore l»y that argument aside jf.tdjgfether. Let the Government take this obnoxious BUI to pieces a&d; semi it up Id tfretu in sep^ irate parts ; iodh- had so d nbt that the Council would de»l with then\ in A liberal spirit. More than that they c&uld; not s-iy, afid they watiied their hands of ail responsibility if the Bill was lost through the Government rejec ing thin advice. The withdrawal of all Opposition to tils Loan and Apjjroj)ri&fci-;/n Bills ought to convince tbe Chief Secretary that there was no desir« to offer aii£ f actio s opi- osition. The Bill' would benefit him to a laige extent, but notwithstanding that he felt that it was bis duty to oppose it, at it went against the interests of the colony. Even If It resulted in the fall of tie Ministry— which would be a great calamity to themselves — (laughter) —he would continue to oppose it. The Hon. J. H. BABROW explained that he had committed no breach of confidence in the remarks be had made respecting Mr. Hanson. They were made with the knowledge of Mr. Hanson, and purely with a view to serve the puUic interests. He had ao idea of Interfering to adjust the dfffei-eooes between Mr. HAosott and Nr. Maife. He did nol wish to impute to thos9 hon. members who opposed the Bill any desire to bring a dire c&unUy; on the colony, or to ship tUe progress of public works ; on toe contrary, fie gave them credit for sincerity arid honesty in the manner in which they acted. But it was strange that out of the majority by which the previous question had been carried tbe other day ; there were hardly two wlio opposed the liill upon the same ground; one regarded it as a violation of the privileges of that Council ; another considered that it was not desirable to borrow money ; another wished to have it 'taken to pieces, and the amounts sent up in separa'e Bills ; and another objected to the principle of the Bill altogether. While the slender-majority differed so much in the opposition they offered to the Bill, the minority was represented by those who were united, at least, in the idea that it was neces sary to carry on public works by means of a l--an. He did not mean to stultify himself on this occasion. He did not like the form of the Bill, but he was afraid of the consequences If it was tejected. If the Bill had been brought up at an earlier period in the session he would perhaps have been inclined to go for its altera tion to another form, but after looking at all the facts of the case, the lateness of the session, the approaching holidays, and the importance of the measure, he would again reoord his vote in. favor of it. Tho Hon. J. BAKER said he had not slulti «a,1 liimn»lf nnr did lip. intend to do so. He regarded the remark of the Hon. Mr. Harrow, that i hero were so many objections taken to the BtlL as in f iVor of its rejection. He did not consider that the object of a few days should lead them to pass an objectionable measure, and there was an inconsistency in the Hon. Mr. Barrow's conduct when lie said that he would have tried to a'ter the Bill if it had been brought in earlier, but as it was so late in the eessiou lie wonld let it pass as it was. The Council had resolved io throw out the Bill, and that resolution should have been abided by, or the Bill should have been brought tn again in some less objectionable form. The Hon. Mr. Barrow had assured hoD. members who opposed the BiU that he f e t they gave their votes honestly ; but there was hardly any necessity for such a statement. (Mr. Barrow—' Mr. Elder ca'led foi it.') At all events, he would not change bis vote even if tbe hon. member thought the other way. (Mr. Barrow — ' Hear, hear.'l If this Bill was intro duced on the ground that it was re quired to give relief to the working classes he could have shown the Government a far better means ot affording relief. Let them take the money and cast it broadcast, about the streets, and they would thus give relief without any labor being required to be done for it. ButtheChief Secretary could not have introduced it with that view, but for the benefit of the colony. It was unfor tunate to base arguments in favor of such a measure ujx-n tbe wan's of the- working classes. He was of opinion that any large sum of money expended upon public works that would not prove reproductive could not, on nccount of the increased taxation, be for the benefit of the working classes ; therefore, those who bad the interests of those classes at heart would oppose unrepioductive works. He thought that the laboring classes understood quite as well as the Chief Secretary did that works undertaken for the benefit of a certain class wnre not for their benefit. He had withdrawn his motion in favor of the Hon. Mr. Bagot'e, because of the obser vation of tho Chief Secretary that if the Bill, was thrown out it would lead to a breach of privilege debate in the Assembly ; and fiuch a thing was not desirable at that period in the session, espe cially when there was a more ready mode of getting out of the difficulty. This cry of pro viding for the relief of the working class wss ouly a lvpctiiion of what took place when the Waterworks measure was brought forward last session ; but as no evil had resulted from the rejection of that measure, he could not conceive thai much harm would be done by throwing this out It was only the cry of ' wolf, wolf,' got up in previous session!1, but now altogether unnecessaiy. He said he did not feel nt all satisfied with the explanation that had been given as to the necessity for the extra sums for the lailways. If Mr. Mais was right, why did tho Government put such a large sum down upon the Estimates for Mr. Hanson, as a recognition of his valuable services. If Mr. Hanson was right, why uphold Mr. Mais? Alight they not conclude by the course the Government had taken that Mr. Hanson was rigbt, and that the works might liavc been carried out for his estimates? He believed that the reports as to the badness of the crops were much exaggerated, and that those who were most buny io circulating them were the largest holders of last year's supplies. If people held back the results of their ciopa with a view to raise prices, it was to be hoped that foreign supplies would be obtained. There was no doubt that the crops were short in some dis tricts, but not in all ; and he believed that it would be found that there would not only be enough wheat to supply the wants of the colony, but that there would be a large amount left for export. The Hon. T. HOGARTH said he felt com pe -led to oppose the motion, as he did not think the money would be spent to the benefit of the colony, but squandered jn unprofitable works. If they had cheap lines like the Wallaroo tram way,' which payed well, it would be all right, but it was absurd to have heavy locomotive lines. That the locomotive system was ft failure in this colony was proved by the fact that £73,000 w.is required to maintain the lines now in existence. Therefore it was absurd to run further into the mess. The Hon. H. MILDREDrsaid he also would vote against the Bill. He said when the Strathalhyn and Middleton Tramway Kill was passed it was intended that a cheap tramway should be made for a cost of £2,000 or £2,500 per mile ; but now, instead of a tramway, they were to have a railway, the cost of the con struction of which would take £5,258 per mile. He complained that the original intention with respect to that line was altered, and expressed ins oeiiet tnat it tne excess necessary tor tnc alteration had been brought up in a separate Bill it would not have received the consent of tbe Council. He then referred to the sum of £73,000 for the purpose of providing new rolling stock, &c; , for the present lines, and said there was nothing to justify such an expenditure at a time when the country was suffering so much. Even if this Bill was not passed, he believed there would be sufficient works to give employ ment to all until next session. They would be shrinking from their duty if they did not re monstrate against the prodig-tl expenditure which was going on. The Hon. W. PARKIN wished that the Hon Chief Secretary had withdrawn the Bill instead of pushing it down their throats, as be seemed determined to do. (Hear.) They were called uiion to vote £811,000 in one sum, but thc-y ouyht to have had tbe items embraced in it brought up in different Bills, so that they might have been discussed upon their merits. He was always willing to put bis hand in bis pocket to relieve distress, but they were not to be bamboozled into voting; this money under the belief that it was for the relief of -ii*tresF. But a small ]-ortion of it would be spent in the colony, as all the rolling stock for' the lines would have to be obtained from England. Then if the colony was in such a distressed state, how was it to bear the extra burden of £41,000 interest? Most oft heir moneyed men were leaving them. He fancied he heard the Chief Secretary say in a whis|-er, that unless this Bill was passed, he would be off too. If so, what a ter rible statetnecolonywouldbelcftin. (Laughter.) He -was terrified at the idea. But, perhaps, after all, they would find some onn who would be competent to fill his place. History told them that no great man bad fallen but some one was always found to take his pla.ee. (Laughter.) He deplored deeply, however, the loss of our capitalists. Why had this Bill been pushed forward at the last moment? The Chief Secretary should have taken better care, and not have tampered with the feelings and principles of that House. He would support an expenditure on public works ; but not in an extravagant style. If they were to have rail ways, let them have cheap ones, and not such as involved an immense expenditure. They did not want to juake this place a_nursery of situa tions for strjngers, at £300 or'£400 a year. The Hon. C. H. BAGOT explained that he was not opposed altogether to the borrowing of money. He had voted for the borrowing «f money last year for tramways, but it was on the understanding that they were to be con structed cheaply. It was on account of the substitution -u an extravagant system that be offered opposition to the Bill ; and he wished that his hon. friend had moved that it be read a second time that day six months — (Chief Secretary-- 'Hear, hear )— as it would be well if it was thrown out, and the country shown that the Council had no desire that it should be swamped by this borrowing. They should cease borrowing until their finances wire in such a state as to enable them to pay on tne interest, or else it would lead to the ruin of the place. These expensive railways would place such a load of debt upon the country as inevi tably to lead to its bankruptcy. The CHIEF 8ECEETABY said he had not uttered anything that could be construed into a threat He had said, as an argument in favor of the BilL that seven-eighths of the works it embraced had already been as-e'.ted td by that Council, and as an additional inducement that it should be passed, thai a time was *\r proaching when th-re would be plenty of sur plus labor, which it would be useful in riinin teisihg. It would have been a far more manly course to. adopt to have rkoved the second rcidins for that day six months, instead of puttins the previous question a second time. He would not promise to (ring it forwArl again if it was rejected. (Hear, bear.) The Hon. Mr. Elder ha-l advised him to bring in several Bills, but that hon. gen tleman hnd no intention of sup. orting him if he was to do so, as he wne opposed, to borrowing. He (Mr. Elder) and Cxptain Bagot were the only hou. member* who bad offrre 1 fair oppo sition to the Bill. The privileges of =he Council were not effected by it, but the privileges of the Assembly were ; and, as head of the Ministry, he was bound to consider that He w.-a too »l-i a s'ager not to know that if he was to divide and cut it up into seven Bills what the fate of the Ministry Would- be. The Government could Only be carried on by allowing one Hou«e to nave the direction of the finances, though he did not- menp to say tH it the Council had no power to reject any Bill if they liked. He asked theni either to accept the measure or reject it, as lie could not withdraw it. If the previous question was carried bon. members mn*t regard it as tantamount to the rejection of the Bill, and they would have to take the responsibility of the action upon themselves, as he would not bear it The PRESIDENT then put the previous question in tho form 'shall this question be now put,' upon which a division w;is taken as follows : — Ayes — The Chief Secretary, the dons. J. H. Barrow, W. Morgan, E. Solomon, T. English, W. W. Tuxford, W. Peacock, and C. G. EveranL Noes. —The Horn*. C. H. Bagot, J. T. Bagot, J. Baker, T. Elder, T. Hogiith, J. Crozier, H. Mildred, and W. parkin. The division being equal, the President gave his castinz vote in favor of the aveR. The- motion foi the second reading was then put and canied. In Committee. The Bill was passed through wi'hout any amendment The House resumed, and the report was adopted. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved that the Bill !-e read a, third time, upon which the Hon. J. Baker called for a division, which resulted as follows :— Ayea —The Chief Secretary, the Hons. J. H. Barrow, J. T. Bagot,. C. G. Everard, T. English, W. Morgan, K. Solomon. W. W. Tux ford, and W. Peacock. N»es— Tile Hons. J. Laker, T. Elder, and H. Mildred. Majority of 6 for the ayes. The Bill was then read a third time and passed. WATERWORKS MANAGEMENT. The Waterworks Management C--minitteo ob tained extension of time until the following day for bringing up its report APPROPRIATION BILL. TMe Bill wag read a third time and passed. PUBLIC PURPOSES LOAN BILL. At the request of the Hon. J. Baker the third reading of this Bill waB postponed until the following day. PASTORAL CLAIMANTS ADMISSION BILL. Th?s Bill was received from the House of Assembly, read a first time, and the second reading fixed for the next day. The Council adjourned at 25 minutes to 5, until the next day at 2 o'clock. 