[?] J^%^^CWr3ED HOUSE. . « s^, j^i*** auunwowi;- ' - ? ? ; e»*X£iOlrftiantyj: jWi ^evejf' -would live in g -jfeffiny' *pb*-T|1'f1T-* I live there, if Tm. jijSe^p poy /tiie rentT' demanded Miss \^5eddiim, eettiing her spectacles aus f^1^*TDfi%.|»ji*1'i^8 haunted, aunty,' said jJKIfiwjGteeem, lowering her voice; 'they _«iy .'fheiney a ghost rustles through the *«oomis*llinght long, and rattles chains, mnd-%iobody dares to go past the door ..after darkf. . , t1:**5f^,w'-il-in?eB In the Widow Parkes, ^j*^ and' there's ; lights a-gUmmerin' there '^st flint o' *T»»n world — blue lights and drefful strange sounds?' -^'Traiiot afraid o' live people,*1 said ?JEm Peckharn, dryly, : '.and I don't see ~3*ny I should ran away from dead ones ! Jjet 'em rustle and rattle — we'll see who'll Retired first!' r *' Aunty !' remonstrates Mary, with her apple-cheeks growing pale. 'Hanner Peckham ! croaked the Widow Parkes, 'you're a-temptin o' \- Providence . ' 'Oh, fiddle!' said Mias Peckham. ''Providence haint nothin' to do with ghosts, I know.' * f But why- don't you stay contented and peaceable where you be ? ' ' 'Because there's water in the cellar, and a leaky ruff, and the landlord won't snake no repairs, and the rent's higher'n ». lone body like me feels able to pay. .Now, I can get the Glen Cottage for fifty dollars a year ! ' ' Yes, 'cause nobody else don't want to live along o' hobgoblins and specters ! ' .. '-Well, I don't, nor I don't mean to ! ' ? ; ' But, aunty, ' interposed Mary breath leasly, 'John Torrey was going to take it, but when he heard our Jonas tell what Horrid sights and sounds he himself had heard and witnessed, he declared he would live in a barn sooner. Jonas says he won't stay to work for us, if we go there'' *' ' ' WeU,lethim8topawaythen,'saidAunt 7Ta»'Ti(t-i) composedly taking snuff. ' The Glen Cottage I want, and the Glen Cot tage'Ill have, if there were forty ghosts there!' Widow Parkes looked 'round the twi light room as if she expected to see a tall figure, all in white, glide forward and annihilate Miss Peckham at once, and Mary grew pale at her aunt's unexampled audacity. .. u I. don't like this neighborhood, no way !' went on Miss Peckham. ' I don't want to accuse no one, but my things do disappear in the most unaccount able'way ! Five silver spoons and a ten dollar- bill 1' '.But, aunty, Jonas says the travelling pedler who sold the portraits of General George Washington, took them !' ' Maybe he did— maybe he didn't ; but he never took my keg o' molasses, nor yet the three big cheeses on the top milk room shelf, nor the cinnamon silk gound that . never had had a pair o' scissors to it ! I never heerd o' ghosts stealiiig, anyhow !' But the Widow Parkes shook her cap ped head with melancholy persistence. 'Well, Hanner, all I ask is— Jist re member I did my best to talk ye over !' 'I'll remember it,' said the spinster, drily. ? But Mary Green clung sobbing, to her aunt's mouse-colored merino skirts, after Mrs: Parkes had gone groaning home, and pleaded piteously for a reconsidera tion of 'Miss Peckham's decisions. ' Dear aunty, I never can live in a haunted house ! I should die of fright !' 'My dear,' said Aunt Hannah, draw ing up her tall, muscular to its full height, 'ina hand-to-hand tussle beetwen me and a ghost, who d'ye 'spose would get the best of it? Don't be a fool, Mary Green — I did suppose you had better sense. To-morrow mornin', the first thing, we'll go to takin' up the tacks in the red ingrain carpet. The Glen Cot ' age is in a dreadful shackly state, but ] Til move in afore I have a carpenter or a tnason, an' then I'll be on the spot to see i hat things are done as they'd ought to be .' There — there, Mary Green, stop cryin', $nd we'll sort out the gilt-edged cheeney afore Jonas comes into his supper.' But Jonas Smith came shambling in, even while Miss Peckham pronounced his name. ' What's this Widow Parkes is sayin' about your takin' the Glen Cottage, Miss Hanner ? You aint goin' to live in that (nfested place ?' ' I cal'late I be,' said Miss Hannah composedly. ' There's a handle knocked aS one of my tea-cups, Mary ; I wonder if cement won't mend it.' 'But I tell ye, Miss Hanner, you'll Hot stay tnere two days. 'Wliy won't I stay there, Fd like to know?' demanded the irate spinster, wheeling suddenly around with a pile of saucers in her hand, and confronting Jonas Smith. ' Because the house is full o' creatures from another world — ghosts, Miss Hanner !' ' Oh, aunty !' trembled Mary, getting closer to Jonas, away from that ugly shadow in the angle of the chimney. ' Stuff and nonsense !' was all Miss Peckham's comment. ' I tell you I've seen 'em myself,' said Jonas, speaking in a husky, sepulchral tone, ' white .figures, with their faces tied up in grave-clothes, and clankin' chains draggin' arter 'em — and old Bonnie ?hied so I couldn't hardly get him past the door.' 'Well, I shan't shy,' said Aunt Han nah. ' I wouldn't live in that ar' house for a thousand dollars a year ! ' said Jonas. ' Nobody wants you to, as I know of,' retorted the spinster. ' Oh, very well — if you don't want my sarvicoB no longer ? ' ' Hold on — seems to me vou're ffetfcine on pretty fast,' said Miss Peckham. ' You're a master hand to work, Jonas Smith, and I haint no fault to find with you; but if you don't choose to go with us to Glen Cottage, there's as good fish in the sea as ever jumped out of it. That's all I've got to say.' . ' I'll help ye move,' said Jonas, some what mollified ; ' but as for livin' in that goblin-besot place, I for one won't do it.' 'Just as jrou please,' said Miss Peck ham. ' And when shall you want to move ? Nest month ?' ' I'll move a-Thursday,' said Miss Peckliam. ' Thursday', gasped Jonas, ' and this is Monday, and EVe got to go to Belle ville to- morrow.' ' Well go 'long — what hinders ye V Jonas looked discomfited, and devoted himself to his dinner, but he asked no more questions of the resolute spinster. 'Mary Green,' said Aunt Hannah, the next afternoon about two o'clock, 'get your bonnet.' . 'TVhat for, aunty 1' « ' I'm goin' up to Glen Cottage to take a look at matters and things.' Mary trembled inwardly, bat she knew her aunt's determination of character too well to demur, and 'got her bonnet' accordingly. ' Aunty, what are you going to do with that basket of gingerbread and apples.' 'Eat *em when I get there — it's con siderable of a walk up the hill.' Eat gingerbread and apples in a haunted house? Mary's flesh crept at the idea — but. she said nothing. Glen Cottage was somewhat a mis nomer, for the glen lay dowm. in the ravine, and the cottage crested the hill Keyond— a dilapidated structure with loose boards flapping in the wind, and dreary, wooden shutters, with crescents out in their top. ''Oil, a?ul'y» how dismal it looks !' said Mary, as they paused in the solitary toad opposite the weed-grown door-step. 'A lew pounds o' paint and a few days'- work will set all that straight,' paid Aunt Hannah, .rasolately; thrusting the. rnsty key into the still rustier lock. ?- ,From empty- BOTiTiding room to empty Bonnding room Aunt; Peckham strode, audibly commenting on their adaptation to her household purposes, Mary following close up behind like a frightened hare, until they reached the garret, where the windows at either end were paneless and a sepulchral rustling sound greeted them. ' Oh, aunty, what is that ?' shrieked Mary, grasping her aunt's shawL '.Nothin' on airth, but a lot of that wall paper that was torn off the east bed room, and ? ' Aunt Wjmim.li paused and contemplated the scene with both hands on her hips. ' Now I tell you what, Mary Green,' she said, in measured accents, ' no ghost never hung that paper from a string in the middle of the garret, so 'twould catch every breath o' wind and keep up racket enough to account for 40 hobgoblins ! Nor no ghost never catched an old aheej. on the nail by the window, so as to make it nutter back and forth, jest for all the wide world like a white figure dodgin' ! Ghosts ! .Ful-dle-stick ! ' ' Aunty ! aunty ! ' supplicated Mary, ' what is that dreadful sound % ' 'It's rain on the shingles overhead, child.' ' But it sounded just like running foot steps — and — oh, my! ' Mary nestled close up to her aunt, as a peal of thunder sounded overhead. ' Bless the child ! one would think she never had been out in a thunderstorm befere ! ' said Miss Peckham reproach fully. ' But I do wish I knowed where the key to the lower cellar door was ! ' Mary and her aunt left the dismal garret and descended to a more habitable apartment, where Miss Hannah spread her blanket shawl on the floor, and seated herself, in Turkish fashion, to regale herself and her niece on apples. ' FU keep the gingerbread,' said Miss Peckham, shrewdly ; 'for judgin' by the set o' the wind, and the look o' the clouds, we'll have to stay here all night.' Mary uttered a scream. ' Stay here all night, aunty !' ' Of course — why not ? We never could walk all that way home in the rain ; and with lots o' gingerbread for our supper, and a good blanket shawl to sleep on, and a lantern in the basket, we'll be as snug as crickets !' Mary Green shuddered ; — to her nervous soul the prospect appeared far from delectable. But Aunt Hannah rather en joyed it ! ' Aunty, what will Jonas do for his supper V ' Don't consarn yourself,' said Aunt Peckam, drily, ' Jonas told me he couldn't no-ways git back from Belleville afore to-morrow mornin'.' And thus drifted away poor Mary's hut straw of hope ! And the autumnal evening closed cliill and windy, and with driving gusts of rain around the Haunted House ! Mary sat close to the nickering gleam of the lantern, while her aunt planned and cogitated and decided which fur niture she would have in which room, and where the 'chest o' draws' would look best, and which corner the highpost bedstead with the brass ornaments should go. And finally she dropped off to sleep with her head on the ' blanket shawl,' and Aunt Hannah thriftly blew out the lantern and lay down beside her, rather smoothed to slumber than otherwise by the hooting of the owls in the woods below, and the rash of the rain against the shutters ! She must have slept three or four hours, when she was aroused by a sin gular sound — a sound as of clanking chains — below stairs. Miss Peckham was brave, but for an instant her blood curdled. The next moment she rose silently up, etruck a match, and lighted the tallow candle inside the lantern. ' If it's a ghost, I'll go down a,nd settle its business at once,' soliloquized Aunt Hannah ; ' and if it's not, I'll find out what it is ! ' So Aunt Hannah set forth undaunted, down the creaking stairs, through the pechoing rooms. ' Front door wide open, eh ? ' thought she. 'I never left it so. Horse and waggon in front — ghosts don't generally travel arter that fashion, as ever I heerd on ! Halloo — where does tliat light come from ? Down cellar, 's true's I live ! Now I begin to know why I couldn't tind the cellar key ! ' Aunt Hannah set down her lantern on the kitchen floor out of the draught, and crept noiselessly down the cellar stairs. Aunt Hannah Peckham would have made a splendid soldier if she had been a man. The damp air from the long-closed sub terranean room struck like a chill to her lungs ; but what cared our spinster for that. One moment she stood quietly ob serving — what 1 Only a brilliant glass lantern set on the top of her identical ' kago'molasses,' the 'cinnamon 3ilk' lying in an open paper beside it, and the live spoons peeping in argentine brightness from among the folds, and various boxes, bundles and packages piled compactly around. And in the midst of them, stooping to tie something up, with his back towards her was a man I Aunt Hannah opened her eyes very wide and shut them again ; the super stitious mystery was clear enough to her now. The next instant she had cleverly top pled her midnight visitor over, and knelt with one knee firmly upon his breast. Hannah Peckliam was a full match for most men, under the most favorable circumstances, but in an ambuscade like that she hod a terribly marked advantage ! ' Lie still Jonas Smith,' said Aunt Hannah. ' if you don't want me to tap you over the head with that hammer !' Jonas Smith lay still — ho knew that Aunt Peckham generally meant what she said! ' Now hold your hands together,' said Miss Hannah, and Jonas obeyed. ' It's well you provided me with lots o' good strong rope ! Now your feet — that's right !' There was a rusty iron chain with two padlocks lying on the cellar floor. Miss Peckham surveyed it meditatively an instant — then quietly fastened one end round Jonas's waist, and attached the other to an iron staple in the wall. ' Now then, we'll look around us a little, Jonas,' said the spinster, rubbing the rust from her hands. ' Hey ! here's the box o' candles Desire Jenkins lost so mysteriously — and Elder Smoot's grist o' buck wheat — and the keg o' nails Hiram Pell got for the ineet.in' house roof, and a piece o' cotton cloth out o' Winter Jones's store ! And here's my molasses and my silk gound, and the spoons my Aunt Huldy left me — a-ah ! Well, well Jonas Smith, of all the ghosts I ever heerd on, this ghost is the most forehanded and provident, but I guess he's scared his last scare ! The next place you'll haunt, Jonas Smith, will be Belleville jail. In vain were Jonas's '.entreaties and promises and asseverations. Miss Han nah locked him in the cellar, pocketed the key, and drove off tlirough the cloudy midnight — it had ceased to rain, for tunately — with trembling Mary Green at her side, ' arter the constables !' ' And I do think that shower o' rain was the greatest blessiu' that's happened to me tliis year,' said Miss Peckham ; 'because if we hadn't providentially been kept there all night, Jonas Smith would ha' carted my own things off, with my own horse Peggy, and I never would ha' boon a bit the wiser for it ? Now, Mary Green, what do you think about ghoBts /' Jonas Smith was duly apprehended and sentenced — his pilfering career over at last — and the Glen Cottage was never haunted more ! Even Widow Parkes conceded, though unwillingly, that Miss Hannah Peckham's method of exorcising ghosts was quite successful. — -New York Ledger. 