CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONFERENCE, THE Conference of the Church of England commenced its sittings yesterday afternoon, in St. John's Schoolroom. The members of the Conference assembled in the morning of St. John's Church, when morning prover was read by the Rev. J. Bliss and the Rev. T. Jones. The communion service was then celebrated by the Right Rev. the Bishop, assisted by the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie The Conference met in St. John's School- room at 3 p.m. All the clergy of the diocese, with the exception of the Rev. C. Searle, Rockhampton, were present. A large proportion of the lay delegates also answered to their names when called over by Archdeacon Glennie. The following are the names of those present :-His Honor Chief Justice Cockle, His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, Colonel O'Connell, and Messrs. Coxen, "Oh, Lord, Brown, Gibbon, Faircloth, Darvall, Dudgeon, Douglas, Sutor, Jones, Groom, Boyce, Morey, Clarke, Halloran, Tully, and Sparrow. The above gentlemen took the oath that they were bona-fide commu- meant the Church of England. At the request of the BISHOP, the Rev. J. Bliss consented to act as Secretary to the Conference. It was not considered necessary to appoint a secretary from among the laity until the Synod commenced to sit. , The BISHOP stated that Mr. W. L. G. Drew, who was returned for Toowong, was absent from illness, and had requested that Mr. W. H. Wilson might be allowed to. supply his. place. It would be for the Conference to decide whether Mr. Wilson should be allowed to sit ; but if he did, it would be better for him not to vote. Mr. JUSTICE LUTWYCHE said, that before the Conference was declared duly constituted, he thought it desirable to raise an objection that presented itself very forcibly to his mind, in consequence of an intimation that had fallen from the Bishop that Mr. Wilson had been selected by Mr. Drew to be present at the Conference for him. He thought it would be very dangerous indeed to allow Mr. Wilson to be present, as it might be supposed to taint with illegality the whole of their proceedings. There were several persons out of doors who were very ready to take very factious objections to the Conference, and he thought that what he alluded to would form an objection which would have considerable weight. Mr. Wilson was not elected, and ought, therefore, to take no part in the proceedings of the Conference, either by speaking or voting. He would therefore propose " that Mr. Wilson be not allowed to sit in this Conference." As one of the public he might be present. He Binda that motion with a view to the legality of their proceedings, and not out of any disrespect to Mr. Wilson. Colonel O'CONNELL said he was very happy to Second the motion. It would be establishing a very dangerous precedent to allow those gentlemen who were either unwilling or unable to attend to appoint proxies. If it was once admitted that a member, unable from any cause to attend could delegate his power to another, it would be establishing a system of proxies which would be very dangerous, and, as Mr. Justice Lutwyche said, might throw a doubt over the legality of their proceedings. The motion was put and passed, and Mr. Wilson accordingly withdrew. The BISHOP then read the following ad- dress : MY REVEREND BRETHREN AND BRETHREN OF THE LAITY, It is a cause to me of deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of all good, that I have been permitted to invite you to this Conference, the result of which will, I trust, lead by the Divine blessing to an adoption of some well-considered form of synodical action and I cannot help expressing the satisfaction which I feel that so many of the clergy of my diocese have been able to accept the invitation I addressed to them, and that with so very few exceptions the different congregations of the diocese are represented by the presence of lay delegates amongst us, In inviting you to this Conference, I have acted upon that which I believe to be the authority inherent in my office ; and in making preliminary arrangements for the convening of this Conference, I have followed the course which I believe to have been almost universally, if not indeed universally, adopted in other dioceses upon similar occasions. I have invited every adult male lay member of the Church to take a part in the election of those who might represent them at the Con- ference j and I have required that those who have been elected as representatives should, before taking a seat in our Conference, subscribe a declaration to the effect that they are bona-fide communicant members. I have heard, indeed, that upon one or two occasions exception has been taken to the course which I have thought it necessary to pursue and I believe, it has by some been considered that every congregation should have been left to determine in what way its representatives should be elected, and that no subscription should have been required from those who are elected as representatives that they are bona-fide communicant members of the communion they are presumed to represent. I cannot but think, my brethren, that if I had so noted I should have been for getful of the authority which I believe to be inherent in my office, of the constitution of the Church, and the nature of Church membership for what, my brethren, is the Ohuoh? It is no accidental gathering of individual believers, but it is a corporate body, endowed by its Divine 'Head with specific powers for the fulfilment of a specific purpose ; it is the apostle told us, the body of Christ, the fulness of Him that filleth all in all. And what, my brethren, is the test ofourOhursh membership, but that we gkdlyre leaving the word and being baptized, continue steadfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of broad, and in prayers. I have been invited you, my brethren, to this Conference in order that we may take counsel together as to whether we consider that the time has arrived for the adoption of some form of synodical action, and if so, what form we should desire to adopt whether, by legislative enactment, or consonant compact ; and I need scarcely remind you that in any action that we may take in order for that action to be effectual, it will be necessary that it should have the concurrent assent of the three estates-the bishop, clergy, and laity. And here, my brethren, you will perhaps excuse me if, adopting the spirit, if not the exact words, of the present Metropolitan Bishop of Canada, I occupy a little of your time in some explanations respecting the institution and meaning of a Diocesan Synod, and respecting the composition of a bishop in his diocese. I will not trouble you with too minute details, but will first refer to the scriptural character of the power of the bishops, such as Timothy and Titus, who were placed by the apostles over the Churches to " set in order the things that were wanting, and provide a suitable organisa- tion at the commencement, and before any other means were provided for the collecting together the members and the organising of the body. On this head I will read a short extract from Bishop Hall, one of those prelates who in our Church stands among the highest for piety and learning. In his book, which is a standard, work on this subject, he defines episcopacy the :-" An eminent order of sacred function, appointed by the Holy Ghost in the Evangelical Church, for the governing and exercising thereof; and, for that purpose, besides the administration of the word and sacraments, en- deed with power of imposition of hands and perpetuity of jurisdiction. And then he goes on to say --" It is acknowledged by the Presbyterians that there is a certain policy necessary for the retention of the Church's peace. That the pastors should meet together in classes and synods. That in synods thus assembled there must be due order kept. That order cannot be kept where there is an absolute equality of all persons concerned. That it is therefore necessary that there should be a head, president, or governor of the assembly, who, when the business is ended, returns to his own place without any personal inequality. They, the Presbyterians, can be content that there should be a prime Presbyter, and that he shall moderate, for a time, the public affairs of the Church, but without all private and fixed superiority, without all (though never so moderate) jurisdiction. The Bishop, whom we contend for, is ordained a perpetual moderator in Church affairs in a fixed impurity, exercising spiritual jurisdiction out of his own demand at authority. Barrow, my brethren, in his great work on the supremacy of the Pope, takes up the argument of the Diocesan Episcopacy, in order to urge it against the usurpations of the Pope. He says, and his work is the standard one on this subject, which never has been answered by our opponents, and probably never will be:-" At first each Church was settled apart under its own Bishop and Presbyters, so as independently and separately to manage its own concerns ; each was governed by its own head, and had its own laws. Every bishop, as a prince in his own church, did act freely according to his will and discretion, with the advice of an ecclesiastical senate, and with the consent of his people (the which he did use to consult) without being controllable by any other, or accountable to any further than his obligation to uphold the verity of Christian profession, and to maintain fraternal communion in charity and peace with the neighboring Churches did require." That my brethren, was the position in which the original bishops were placed in their dioceses ; they were to rule and govern them, and carry on the work of the Church within them. As necessity required they called in the assistance of the presbyters and people to aid them with their counsel, and that is the position in which we are now placed. It is as Bishop of this disease that I call on you, the presbytery and laity, to come forward and concur with me is the great work of administering this diocese, in organizing a system, and giving effect to it when organized. I ask you to uphold my hands in the responsible and arduous task laid on me. The above extracts from the well-known works of Bishop Hall and Dr. Barrow, will enable you to understand me when I say, that for any course of action which, after due deliberation, we may determine to adopt to be effectual, it must have the concur- rent assent of the three estates-the bishop, , clergy and laity. Neither estate desires to claim any superiority over or independence of the other. As Bishop of this diocese, I desire to organize and administer the diocese', in and through the wisdom and authority of the Synod. The Bishop cannot act without the consent of the clergy and laity; the clergy without the consent of laity and bishop the laity without the consent of bishop and clergy. In constituting a Synod you, my brethren, are not giving his jurisdiction to the bishop. We do not ask you to create him, but to share with him a power already his. And now, my brethren, having spoken of the institution and meaning of a Diocesan Synod, and the true position of a bishop in his diocese, I would desire to say a few words to you with regard to the present position of the colonial Church and its connection with the Church of the mother, country. In lately revisiting my native land I could not but be struck with the yearning desire which I found on every side to be exhibited for the reunion of Christendom, for the hearing of the body in the breaches of Christ, now by schism and division so rudely torn asunder. But if we y dare not expect to be permitted to behold in our own day that reunion of Christendom for which we should never cease to pray, let us, my brethren, take careful hood lost by any hasty or. precipitate action of our own we mar the fixity of our own widely spreading branch of the pure' and reformed Catholic Church of Christ. If we ' cannot arrive at such a consent of Christendom, yet we can hope that the establishment of Diocesan and Provincial Synods in the colonies and dependencies of the British Empire may be steps towards enabling our own widely spreading branch of the pure and reformed Catholic Church of Christ to speak before long with the full voice of her collective body. A stop-and, in my judgment, a very important step-was lately taken in this direction, when our venerable Primate lately invited the bishops of those branches of the Catholic Church oî'jOKïîat which are in visible union and communion with the United Church of England and Ireland to the Conference which, under his Grace's presidency, is about to be , held in the course of the present month at Lambeth. At that Conference the present condition of the Colonial Church and its connection with the Church of the mother-country will, I doubt not be carefully and prayerfully considered, and one serious question which we may expect will occupy the attention of the con- , ference is how at once to secure the general unity of our now widely spreading branch of the Catholic Church of Christ with the necessary independent government of the several branches in all matters of local detail and internal discipline j remembering that the Church of England, for upwards of two hundred years after the Reformation, was confined almost entirely within the four sons that surrounded the British Isles, whilst its wonderful progress within the last half-century, or something more, including the transatlantic bran on in the United States, has almost equalled in magnitude the growth of the Church in the Apostolic ago. I shall purposely refrain, my brethren, from entering at any length upon the consideration of this question, because I think it is our wisdom to await the result of those deliberations, and trust to profit by the wisdom and experience of those who will be assembled at that Conference. This much, my brethren, I would desire to say, in considering the relation of the Church of the mother country to the Church in the colonies, it will be necessary for us carefully to distinguish between what are the essentials and what the accidents of the Church, The Church at home is at once national and catholic-the Church in the colonies is catholic but not national. Catholicity is of the essence of the Church its nationality or establishment is an accident. The Church at home is a part and parcel of the British con- stitution-in the colonies it is a voluntary association ; as such it desires to be regarded, and claims to be in no better or worse position than any other religious denomination and if the Presbyterian, or Wesleyan, or any other religious body are able, without legislative enactment, to organise themselves, I can see no reason why, if after mature consideration such a course is considered to be the most expedient, the Church is not able to do likewise The first question, then, my brethren, which I should desire to submit for your consideration is whether in your judgment the time has arrived when it will be desirable for us to enter upon some form of synodical action ; and if this is decided by you in the affirmative, then what form of synodical action you would desire to adopt. Whether it should be by Legislative enactment or consensual compact. Different forms of synodical action have, as you are aware, been already adopted in several of the Australian dioceses. It will be for the Conference to decide which, if any, of these forms they desire to adopt. I shall be ready, my brethren, to accept whichever the Conference may desire. Whilst as at present advised I have no hesitation in saying that I think it would be desirable to adopt a form of consensual compact, with an application to the Legislature, if subsequent experience should prove it to he desirable, for some simple enactment which, with due regard to vested interests and specific trusts, may enable the Synod to deal with the temporalities of the Church. I have already, my brethren, claimed your attention for a somewhat longer time then I had intended, but before I bring this address to a close it may be desirable that I should briefly refer to some of the many important questions which would claim the attention of the Synod. First, then, I would say, in the colonies we are a voluntary association, and it will be necessary for us to adopt a constitution. Upon what . then, I would ask, should that constitution be based but upon God's written Word and the Prayer Book, the best interpreter of the Bible ? In reverently acknowledging that sacred volume which we receive not as being the word of man, but as it is in very deed the Word of God, we would earnestly contend for the faith once delivered to the saints! Having adopted a constitution, the Church being in itself an expand- ing body, it would be for the Synod to make arrangements for increasing the number of her ministering servants, who may occupy new openings in the vast mission field, and supply the place of those of us who from being laborers in the field are called, in the evening into the presence of that Lord who sends us into the vineyard ; the sustentation of the clergy ; the organisation and subdivision of parishes ; the appointment of clergy ; the consecration of churches and come- tones j the education of the young ; the supply of the occasional offices of the church, such as marriages and burials ; the adoption of some model trust deed ; or the appointment of a board, who, subject to the control of the general Synod and to the terms of any specific trust, might stand possessed of lands and moneys, either granted by the Crown or given by individual members for the use and benefit of the Church; the education of the children of the clergy, and some provision for those who, through infirmity or ago, are no longer able to fulfil the active duties of the ministry here and many other equally important sub- jects would claim the attention of the Synod. AB the chief pastor of the whole diocese, to the bishop is entrusted the ordination of ministers ' who may be associated with him in the ministry of the Word and Sacrament ; the confirmation of the young and the dedication by a special service to Almighty God of buildings, separated from all ordinary and profane uses, and specially devoted to His service. It is thus, my brethren, that I have over considered that the appointments of the clergy to assist him in ministering to the different congregations was inherent in the office of the chief pastor of a diocese. Gladly shall I divest myself in some measure of this great responsibility, and readily shall I concur in any carefully considered measure by which the members of the different con- gregations may have a voice in the appointment of the clergy and now, my brethren, may God, in His great mercy, be with us in those our deliberations and may He, for Christ's sake, enable us to do that which shall be most con- ducive to the increase of piety and the furtherance of true religion amongst us. The BISHOP said he had proposed as soon as the Conference, which he declared opened, had met to have delivered his address, and then to have adjourned until 4 p.m., but it had been thought better not to sit until 3 p m. It rested with the Conference to say whether they were prepared to enter upon any discussion. If they were, the subject which he proposed was, " Whether you think the time has arrived for the establishment of some system of synods oal notion ?" He did not think the discussion of that question would occupy much time and if carried in the affirmative, he would propose next, " What form of Synodical action do you propose to adopt " That was not so easily settled. Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE said he thought the time had arrived for taking Synodical action of some kind. He considered that every member present, whether clergy or laity, must have fully considered the question, and must be in a condition to say aye or no on the subject. He, therefore, proposed,-" That, in the opinion of this Conference, the time has come for the adoption of some form of synodical action." Mr. COXEN said he was very glad to second the motion. It must be evident to all that the time had arrived for taking Synodical action. The motion was put and passed. The BISHOP said that unless they wished to adjourn, the next question for consideration was, What form of Synod it was desirable to adopted After a little discussion they would be able to see whether the Conference as a whole could come to a conclusion on that point, or whether it would be better to appoint a small sub-committee to consider it together and then report upon it. Mr. BOYCE moved that it would be better before going into any further discussion to ad- journ for the purpose of considering the address and a suitable reply to it. Mr. COXEN was sorry to oppose the motion for adjournment, but thought they might go a little further with the business that afternoon. It was desirable that some gentleman should propose that a sub-committee be formed as suggested. Mr. DARVALL moved as an amendment, " That the address of the Bishop be printed and circulated among members of the Synod, but that in the mean time we go on with the question submitted to us for consideration." The amendment was seconded and carried without opposition. Mr. Boyce withdrew his amendment. Mr. BLAKENEY moved " that a committee consisting of His Honor the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Lutwyche, Colonel O'Connell, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Coxen, and the mover, be appointed to consider the question of what system of synod it would be desirable to adopt." Mr. JUSTICE LUTWYCHE said he did not err sider the committee at all properly constituted, as it consisted entirely of laymen to the exclusion of the clergy. Several gentlemen among the clergy had no doubt deeply considered the question and had come prepared with plans of their own which it would be well to hear. They all know that the constitutions of the synods of the different Australian colonies agreed in the main but differed in some respects. Some gentlemen present might prefer to adopt the constitution of the diocese of Wellington, others that of the province of Victoria, while some might or for others with some slight modifications. He thought that some slight intimations might be thrown out to enable those gentlemen who had not paid so much attention to these matters as some had, to think the subject over and come prepared next day with some definite conclusions with respect to it. At present it was rather premature to appoint a committee. He would have no objection to serve himself had be sufficient time at his disposal. Mr. SPARROW thought it would be better to adjourn, so as to allow time for consideration. Mr. COXEN said that no harm could take place through appointing a committee, as the Conference were not bound to adopt any measure they might recommend. They would put the matter in such a form that the gist of it could be more readily arrived at, than if they deliberated in a body. He considered that the names of two or three of the clergy should be added to the committee. He would not be able to serve himself, as he lived so far from town. He would suggest that the Ven. Archdeacon Glennie, the Rev. J. Bliss, and the Rev. H. C. Claughton, be added to the committee. Mr. BLAKENEY said that it was quite an over- sight in his part, that he had not mentioned the clergy in appointing the committee CHIEF JUSTICE COCKLE claimed to be exempted from serving on the committee, on the grounds urged by his learned friend Mr. Justice Lutwyche viz., the distance he lived from town. Mr. DARVALL said it would be necessary to decide on the manner of voting. If the votes were taken all round from man to man, it was evident that the clergy would be in a minority. Ed would propose that the voting be separators laity voting as one body; the clergy separately as another and the Bishop as the third body. The voting should be by order. He would move, "That in this Conference the Bishop, clergy, and laity vote separately, as separate bodies." The Rev. E. G. MOBERLY seconded the motion. Mr. GROOM would like to know what Mr. Darvall meant by the Bishop voting. On looking over the proceedings of the Sydney Synod, he noticed that the Bishop did not vote. The BISHOP said that the general course was for a Bishop to abstain from voting, but the action of the two bodies the clergy and the they would not take effect without the Bishop's assent. His own feeling was that whenever the two orders clergy and laity voting separately, agreed on any point, it must are some matter involving a principle of great importance that would prevent of Bishop from assenting. He thought it would be better for him not to vote generally, but merely to have the power of refusing his assent, in case any principle was at stake such as if they wanted to alter the Prayer-book or the authorised version of the New Testament. He would assent to any measure carried by the clergy and laity, voting as separate orders, unless some matter of vital principle was concerned. air. KARVAH, said he still considered the bishop was entitled to vote, but whether he chose to exercise his right or not was for him to decide. The BISHOP said the position they occupied was very like that of the Legislature at home. The two Houses of Parliament deliberated, and the Queen had the power of assenting to their measures. Mr. GIBBON considered the Bishop should decide, in case the clergy and laity could not agree on any question. Mr. JUSTICE LUTWYCHE said it appeared that Mr. Gibbon was under the impression that the consent of two of the orders would carry < any measure He, however, apprehended that in a Synod the essential fundamental rule was, that no measure should pass unless agreed to by the three different orders. The BISHOP said the concurrent action of the three orders was necessary. The Bishop generally signified his assent to a measure just as the Sovereign, of the representative of the Sovereign gave his to measures passed by Parliament. Mr. DOUGLAS said that he thought, from what had just fallen from his Lordship, showed that they should take time to deliberate upon the question. No time would be gained by deciding that day any question of such importance as that raised by Mr. Darvall. He perfectly agreed with that gentleman's proposal, but thought it desirable to have time to consider it. The Conference had met without exactly know- ing the grounds upon which they stood, until after they had heard the Address which had just been road to them. In it the Bishop had, in deliberate form and in advised words, stated to them the views which he held on the important measures which caused him to call them together. It was hardly possible to perceive the exact drift of his remarks, or to arrive at a conclusion as to the best mode of replying to him, until a little time had been given them to give due weight to his observations. The resolution before the Conference that the clergy and laity should vote separately waS of the highest importance, and even on that question it was desirable to have a little delay for due consideration. His Lordship had stated the rule in most cases, but as they now had to learn the mode of procedure, they must be very careful what steps they took at the outset, because those steps would guide the whole future proceedings. Although he was quite aware that some gentlemen from the country were anxious to return as soon as possible, he believed their return would be facilitated by giving a little time that afternoon for due consideration, and they would arrive at a better result by so doing. He would suggest that, as it was customary in meetings of a similar character to give notice of motion, Mr. Darvall should give notice of the motion he intended to propose. By adopting such a rule, they would then have in a definite form, in the hands of the secretary, the several motions proposed to be brought before the Conference. Mr. DUDGEON said he would like to know whether the Bishop had the power to veto the proceedings of the Conference P The BISHOP said it would be better to omit the word " veto." He only claimed for himself that which he claimed for the clergy and laity. The use of the word " vote" was calculated to mislead people Mr, DUDGEON said that, some fifteen years ago, the Lord Bishop of Sydney was desirous of establishing some form of Conference in New South Wales ; but as he claimed the power of veto over all the questions brought before the Synod, the clergy and laity would not agree, and the Conference lapsed until a few years ago, when the Bishop gave up his claim to the power of veto. The BISHOP said he thought Mr. Dudgeon appeared to propose that two orders should be able to outvote the third. Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE said the discussion was becoming very irregular. It would be better to dispose of one question at a time instead of discussing several questions at the same time. The Rev. J. BLISS said it would be well to adopt as a rule, not only for the present but for future occasions also, that they should endeavor to avoid those rocks upon which assemblies of a similar nature had split, and not needlessly to bring them forward. They saw what troubles and difficulties others had had to contend against, and it would be well to avoid them. The question proposed by Mr. Darvall must be settled before any other business could be considered. The Rev. J. MOSELY said the clergy did not wish to be regarded as antagonistic to the lay representatives. They would rather that the votes should be taken together, only separately or in order when one member of either body should demand it. He would suggest that that should be embodied in Mr. Darvall's motion. Mr. DARVALL said that he would prefer that the Rev. Mr. Mosely moved a separate amendment. The Rev. J. MOSELY then moved as an amendment " that the votes of the clergy and laity be taken together, but separately on the demand of any member of either order." Mr. SPArrow said that Mr. Darvall's motion was a very important one, and he could not con- scientiously vote on it without due consideration. Mr. FAIRCLOTH could not see what advantage would be gained by putting off the question before the Conference. He thought the clergy should vote by themselves and the laity by themselves. Mr. COXEN agreed with the amendment, which would place the clergy on an equality, as far as power went, with the laity. The Rev. J. BLISS thought the boat plan, as a rule, would be to vote separately. He did not see the necessity of dividing on every matter. It would be well to adopt the plan proposed by Mr. Darvall, and the only little practical difficulty in working it could be overcome by not calling for a division except on matters of importance. The Rev. J. MOSELY begged leave to withdraw his amendment. His only object in moving it was to show that the clergy were not antagonistic to the laity. Mr. DARVALL'S motion was then put and carried unanimously. Colonel O'CONNELL said he was desirous of directing the attention of the Conference to the advisability of getting some information respect- ing the constitutions obtaining in the Churches in the neighboring colonies. He was told that in New Zealand the government of the Church was by compact, but in New South Wales and Victoria by Legislative enactment. committee might be appointed to obtain those acts, and other documents relating to these matters, and draw up a report which could be submitted to the Conference next day. It would also be de i sirable to ascertain the mode of voting adopted in the Synods of the other colonies. He would, therefore, move "That the following gentlemen be appointed a committee to report to the Conference to-morrow, what is in their opinion the best form of synodical action to adopt The Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, the Rev. J. Bliss, the Rev. J. Matthews, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Darvall, and Mr. Ramsay. The Rev. J. MOSELY seconded the motion. Mr. DARVALL said he would like to ascertain what the sub-committee were expected to do." It appeared that the Synod was delegating to a few of their number that which they were called together to decide as a body. The time allowed for the consideration of the subject was very short, and the Conference might, in the end, be obliged to reject the advice of the sub- committee they had appointed. Colonel O'CONNELL said he had not drawn up the resolution himself, but what he intended the sub-committee to do, was to obtain the enact- ments existing in the other colonies, to examine them, and to report to the Conference what mode of Church government existed in the different Australian colonies. Mr. FAiRCLOTH wished to know, whether the various constitutions of the Diocesan Synod of the various colonies were to be obtained in Brisbane? The BISHOP said he had got the Sydney con- stitutio\but not the Adelaide one. In Adelaide the consensus compact was in existence. In New South Wales the Church assemblies were recognised by the Legislature, and in Victoria they were also sanctioned by the Legislature. In Western Australia! there was he thought, no Synod, as that was .. Crown colony, in Tasmania the Synod was v consensual compact. The committee might consider whether it was desirable to adopt the consensus or legislative form of Synod, i Mr. DOUGLAS said he had no objection to the motion, as the committee would probably be able to obtain some valuable information, which could be placed at the disposal of the Confer- once. He had for his own part quite made up his mind as to what he did not desire to have done by the Conference, and was prepared to give notice of his intention to move, next day, that it is not desirable to apply to the Legislature to render legal any of the synodical proceedings. It might, perhaps, he desirable to apply to the Legislature on matters affecting the temporalities of the Church, and also to apply to the Legislature with regard to some enact- ments which were supposed to be now in force. The Rev. R. MOFFATT said it would be well, to adopt some standing orders by which it would be decided whether or not it was necessary to give notice of motion, and other matters affecting the regularity of transacting the business of the Conference. He had a copy of the standing orders for the Synod of Sydney, and found they resembled those of the Legislative Assembly, The Bishop reminded the reverend gentleman that the present meeting was a Conference and not a Synod. Colonel O'CONNELL moved " that the following gentlemen be appointed a committee to examine and report, to-morrow, to this Conference, the system of Church Government exist- ing in the other colonies of Australia, viz., The Right Rev. the Bishop, the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, the Rev. J. Bliss, the Rev. J. Matthews, and Messrs. Douglas, Ramsay, and Darvall." He would withdraw his former motion. The Rev. R. MOFFATT seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice of his intention to move next day, "that it is not desirable to apply to the Legislature to render legal any of the synodical proceedings." Mr. Justice LUTWYCHE said that as he understood that it was not necessary to give notice of motion, he considered it was competent for any member of the Conference to bring forward a substantive resolution, a point which would advance their deliberations. Every gentleman present, both clergy and laity, had no doubt turned over in his own mind the advantages or disadvantages of a Synod established by voluntary compact, or of one founded on Legislative enactments. Ho doomed discussion unnecessary. He had made up his own mind long ago, and in accordance with the conclusions to which he had arrived, he would move, " that in the opinion of this Conference, the Synod to be here after convened shall be founded on the basis of voluntary compact, and not on Legislative en action." Chief Justice COCKLE concurred in the opinion expressed by Mr. Justice Lutwyche. Archdeacon GLENNIE seconded the motion. Mr. W. A. JOLLY would like to know if, in the event of the resolution being passed, the action of the committee which had been recently appointed would be unnecessary; to cause, although many gentlemen had no doubt made up their' minds on the subject, yet they might have done so in ignorance, and would be desirous of getting any information they could respecting the course adopted in other colonies. The BISHOP said there were different forms of consensus compact. The committee would get together the different forms in Australia, and report accordingly to the Conference. Mr. W. T. BLAKENEY said that although there might be a majority of the Conference who had come to the conclusion that the con- sensual basis was the best to adopt, yet, after reading over the documents which it was probable the committee would produce next day, they might consider they had made a mistake in pledging themselves to adopt that form of Synod. He would therefore suggest that Mr. Justice Lutwyche postpone his motion till next day. Mr. DOUGLAS said he was in favor of the proposed postponement. no had no doubt Mr. Justice Lutwyche could show them some very good reasons and throw some light upon the recent proceedings in England, all of which tended, in his opinion, to show that it was do- sirable they should act under the voluntary compact, and not under Legislative authority. As the matter had been brought to an issue by the motion which had just been made, he (Mr. Douglas) thought the Conference should have the benefit of reading the Bishop's address in point, and also of considering any documents which would throw a little light upon the subjects under discussion. They had come to the Conference without any distinct idea of the exact work to be put before them. They understood those objects thoroughly now, and he felt sure it would be better to defer further proceedings in the matters until next day. If such was the opinion of the gentlemen present, he would move " that the Conference do now adjourn until to-morrow at 4 p.m. The Rev. H. C. CLAUGHTON seconded the motion. The Rev. J. MATTHEWS moved as an amendment "that the Conference do now adjourn until 10 a.m. to-morrow." The Rev. A." MOFFATT seconded the amendment, which after some discussion was put and passed. The Bishop then pronounced the benediction, after which the Conference adjourned. 