A GLASGOW "ENOCH ABDEN." STRANGE STORY OR MISTAKEN IDENTITY. (From the Glasgow Herald). If_ Tennyson wanted a caBe to prove the possibility of the incident upon which his latest poem, " Enoch Arden," is founded, we are in a position of being able to supply him with one, the eceue of which is laid in this city and which we have taken particular care to authenticate. In the month of March, 1858, the dead body of a man was found floating in the Clyde, somewhere above the bridges, and taken to the Humane Society's Receiving House, where it lay for identification. It curiously happened at this very time, that two men were missing in Glasgow, tbe husbands respectively of Airs S. and of Mrs T. A gentleman, a friend of the latter woman, knowing of the strange absence of Mr T, called at the Dead-House, to look at the corpse of the drowned man, which was considerably decomposed, and could only be identified by marks not wholly dependent on corpo real preservation. After a minute inspection, this gentleman came away convinced that the body was unquestionably tbat of Mr T, to whose wife or. widow he communicated his conviction. Unwilling, however, to believe that her husband, either by accident or design, had come to such on end, tbe woman declined at first to visit tbe Dead-house for the purpose of setting the matter at rest. But the propriety of her doing so was presented to her in so strong a light, tbat she at length consented to accompany her friend, although she still held out against the possibility of tbe dead body being that of her husband. She could not, of course, be otherwise thau satisfied of the truth of her belief, when, on arriving at the Dead House, it was found that the corpse had been already claimed by the other woman as the body of her husband, who bad also gone amissing. This put an end for tbe time to tbe more serious side oF Mrs T*s anxiety, and she returned home therefore comparatively comforted —her relief, however, being the measure of the apparently authentic widow's grie£ It will serve to show the certainty of this woman as to the identity of the corpse she had claimed and taken home, when we mention that she applied fur and received six or seven pounds of fuperal money from the Liver Society, of which her bushaud bad been a member. The remains of the man were buried in due course, and the widow mourned as for the death of «ne whom she should never again behold. Little did Bhe or her friends dream of the remarkable manner in which the genuiness of her sorrow was to be speedily tested. In these days, no person expects to see a ghost; neither did Mrs S. expect to see one shortly after tbe funeral of fce drowned man ; but if for one awful moment about this time she was under the impression tbat she saw the ghost of her husband, she might well be excused, for that husband, in propria jxrsona, did actually one evening open the door of his own bouse, and walk quietly iu the piesence of his really terrified wile. It thus became clear that it was the coipse of some other man which the dutiful wife had buried. So far, therefore, there was no death in this family, but death was in the wind, and would not be baulked of some further prey. Tbat prey was not far to seek ; for it appears that this poor creature, at the time of her husband's disappearance, was in somewhat delicate health and the shock she received at the sudden and totally unexpected apparition of his proper self affected her so profoundly, both physically aud mentally, that it was regarded as the proximate cause of her death, which took place not long afterwards. The husband also sickened aud died, and tbe origin of his malady was at tbe time pointedly attributed to tbe unfortunate part he had acted in the affair of his wife's death of which he was in so large a measure the unintentional cause. Thus ends the tragic prologue to our present Btory. The case now stood thus :—As the body which had been buried was not that of the person it was presumed to be, and it was still otherwise unclaimed, the question arose— Might it not, after all, have been the corpse of Mr T., whose wife was so unwilling to believe tbat her husband was dead. Probability was certainly in favour of such a presumption ; and the gentleman whom we have mentioned as having inspected the body of the drowned man, and who was personally acquainted with Mr T., returned to his original belief, holding it more tenaciously than ever, as to the identity of the corpse. Naturally, of course, the arguments which Mrs T. formerly repelled as inadequate, now received some colour of authenticity from the new circumstances. We 6hall briefly refer to these arguments, which, as will be seen in the sequel, was curious in a threefold sense. In the first place, the husband of Mrs T. was of short stature, and stout—and so was the husband of the other woman—and so was the body of the drowned man. In the next place, Mrs T.'s husband wore, when he disappeared, a neckscarf of a certain pattern—the husband of the other woman wore an exactly similar scarf —and BO did the body that was picked from tbe Clyde. Again, Mr T. was known, when he left home, to have one of his boots patched in a peculiar manner—one of the boots of the other woman's husband was also patched in a similar style—and of the boots worn by the dead body one of them was patched exactly like tbat of the other two.- These triple coincidences were, however, rather curious than marvellous or convincing as arguments. Thousands of men are short and stout; thousands of men wear cravats of a similar pattern ; and thousands of men wear their boots in the same manner, and are therefore obliged to have them patched in similar style. Another small coincidence may be added. Mr T. was known to have been a regular reader of Reynold's Miscellany, and a copy of that periodical was found in the coat pocket of the drowned man when he was taken from the river. But all such facts put together, used as arguments, must ever be inconclusive in cases so serious as the identity of a human body. The most singular coincidence in the present affair, however, remains to be indicated. We have already said that the body was a good deal decomposed. TbiB was particularly true of the face, but other parts were better preserved, and especially tbe left hand, the thumb of which at the bowl was unusually enlarged. Now, this was a particular feature of T's left liand, and when the gentleman whose connection with the affair we have already mentioned, went to view the body, one of the first things he did was to examine the left hand to see what size of thumb was there. His surprise and grief were great indeed when he discovered this remarkable feature on the hand of the dead man, which at once convinced him that the body he saw there was that of Ms friend. But here again begins the singularity of the matter. The husband of the other woman had also ap exaggerated thumb: and it was in fact partly, if not wholly, by this mark that Bhe identified the body as that of her missing partner. Thus, then, the return of the one husband, as above detailed, proved that he at least had escaped a watery grave; while the continued absence' of: the other husband greatly strengthened the probability tbat the coipBe claimed and buried under another name, and on account of which funeral money had been received, was tbebody, of Mr T. . . , , These incidents, as we have already said,' occurred in tbe spring of 185& When ius husband disappeared, she was not only wholly unprovided for, in -a. worldly, point of view, but she had two young children to increase the weight of her responsibihty and deepen her subsequent sorrow j &r;, after this event her course of life -was one continued struggle with adversity, in which ahe was for some time defeated at every point Wis neither permissible nor is it necessary to repeat her story up to the present year, but if it were bo it would present too painful a picture lor pleasant reading. Two or three points will suffice to Jink the past with the present. In the first place, Mrs T's two children died, one after the other, nnder circumstances of an excredingly sad nature, 'lliese depths were like new blows dealt upon old, but still open scire—no tidings, nor even the faintest trace, of her absent husband having reached her from any quarter. The weary, laborious months lengthened themselves into years, yet still no tidings ; and at last the poor woman began to think that lier friend was right in his persistent declaration that it was her husband who was drowned in the Clyde. Slowly as other years passed away without bringing the slightest hint of the absent one, her unwilling fears that she was indred a widow hardened themselves into actual conviction. There was nevertheless a clinging element of doubt in her mind, aud she repelled for a time certain suitors who would willingly have made her a wife a second time ; for she was still comparatively young, and rather good looking. By the beginning of the present year, however, all bope had died out of her heart that she should ever again see her husband alive iu this world. She believed, in fact, that he w«s dead, and this belief was deepened by a circumstance which occurred in March last. The gentleman who had taken 6uch nn interest in her case, and who . had seen the body of her drowned husband, as he supposed, died of consumption. But on liis deathbed he in the most solemn manner reiterated to her his unshaken belief that Mr T. was dead, and assured her that she mighty with a good conscience before God, take another husband. It was now eight yeaifs since the disappearance of M1- T. She at length fully believed herself a widow, and consented to marry a second time. But even then, in order to dissipate the possibility of doubt, tbe widow, before the marriage, visited her first husband's relatives in Ayrshire, to make sure that they knew or bad beard nothing of the long-absent man. They assured ber that they Were as absolutely in the dark as herself regarding the iate of their friend. This was enough. She returned home to Glasgow satisfied, was married to Mr M., her second husband, in the beginning of April )»st» and, up till within two mouths ago, was living happily with him. By these successive statements, tbe reader is probably prepared to learn that this sadly true tale of mystery culminates in a particular manner, and at perhaps the tmlnckiest stage of it This, ' we confess, is the iinfortunate fact; for bix or eight weeks since the husband who was supposed, and not without f.iir circumstantial evidence, to have been drowned in the Clyde, presented himself suddenly in Glasgow. 4'lie effect of his coming may be imagined. No ghost from tbe grave could have startled more tbe person upon whom he first ca'led, inquiring after bis wife. It seemed an extraordinary case of the " Dead Alive." The surprise was speedily over on the one side, and it was soon the absentee's turn to be surprised, when, in reply to a question, be was informed that his wite was certainly living, but married to another man—though how he could be surprised at any fate which might have befallen the poor creature it is not quite easy to conceive, considering that she had been deserted eight years and a half before, and left penniless, resourcel»es, almost friendless, and with two children. We have now reached delicate grouud,and desire to speak with all circumspection. Not much more iu the meantime, However, remains to be added. The returned husband and his wife—a wife in a double sense—had of course an interview, tbe nature of which may be partly conceived when we say that, for pathos, the great maBter of sensationalism could not in bis finest moods approach it. It was a peculiarly cruel position for the wife, who had for so mauy years toiled and suffered, and only at the last moment got into something like smooth water. The question will naturally occur—Where was the husband all this time t Simply in England, quietly pursuing his tia.de, and, we may presume, living a comparatively comfortable life. We say nothing about bis motives, for such conduct, although we have beard eometbing about them ; but the mere fact of such a prolonged absence in a land of railways, post offices, and telegraphs, without communicating to his wife or friends a single syllable as to his whereabouts, has by no means a comely appearance. The wife has twenty defences, but f»r such conduct on tbe part of the husband, there seems no^defence whatever. As, however, we tuve at p'resent nothing to do with the legal or moral bearings of tbe case, we suspend the narrative ; but in doing so it may be peruiissable to hope that the parties concerned in it may be actuated by the spirit of wisdom should any any attempt be made to unsettle present arrangements—which we humbly think would be inadvisable, for reasons of a perfectly guessable nature. Who the man was whose body was found in the Clyde, aud who bo closely resembled two other men, then alive, is iikely to remain a mjsteiy for ever. 