YE LEGEND OF ST. VALENTINE. Some time ago, no matter when, nor yet for that, the whereabout. Suppose we say at Norwich — but the story's all we care about — There dwelt a pious hermit, and as such old buffers should — He lived outside the city gates, "in a cottage near a wood." His robe was of serge, and his beard was grey, And he had such a sanctified, rev erend way That the people of Norwich all used to say Old Harry himself would the saint obey — And if ever he tried a ghost to lay, He did it right off — and the ghost dismay With his tooral-looral-ri fol-di- ray And his fol de rol, iddelol-i-do. Your fortune he'd read in the grounds of your tea, Or the palm of your hand — and they say would see Farther into a deal board than you or me ; (Excuse the accusative) and then he Could take a look into futurity, And tell the particular he or the she Who the dustman or woman by-'n-bye would be ; Believe it or not — it's the same to me, All I know of it is that I do ; Now just at the time about which I write, There resided at Norwich a dangerous sprite, Who, 'neath the guise of a mortal maid, With all the young men of the neighbourhood played The deuce — they were spoony every one — 'Twas death to them, tho' to her 'twas fun — Her " soft dark eyes with their restless rays," (As Moore — Tom, not Sheridan — sweetly says) That he who would have the extravagant cheek A glance from those dangerous eyes to seek His prayers should say — To keep them away, Or he'd rue his mad folly for many a week. Yes, Marion was as beautiful As a dream of a Sydney Poet, If once you'd but see her Your poor heart would be her Own before you'd know it. But one more daguerreotype, and there you may see The whole of my Dramatis Per-so- noe. Young Leonard was handsome, a regular swell, And he'd sworn he'd win this nee- romantic young belle ; But the how was the question — so many had tried, But a fall, as the saw saith, came after their pride, For they only got jolly well snubbed for their pains, While the fayre ladye Marion still single remains. Quoth Leonard, "when my screw I've got, I'll hie me to the Hermit's cot." No sooner said than done. T'was Saturday afternoon he chose, For then, 'tis said, they used to close, And shop not after one. Then away went young Leonard as fast as he could, To St. Valentine's cell at the edge of the wood. And says he, if so be you'll kindly tell me How to put the come-ether, you know, upon she ; Only just let me know how to serve the witch out, And the next time I meet you in town —why, I'll shout. All serene, says St. Valentine, and by the way, It strikes me till now I've forgotten to say, That this was the christian name, as we term it, Of our erudite friend and pitcher — the Hermit. So he sits him down and he takes a pen, Then scratches his head — for poets did then, As poets do now, when they want an idea, And their brains are not over remarkably clear. He scribbles a line or two down, then gives Them up to young Leonard, and swears as he lives, The dodge will succeed. That he'd only need To copy them out in mauve-coloured ink, On cream-laid paper just edged with pink. And that all may see The strange recipe, That St. Valentine gave to young Leonard. I'll copy it down That ail in the town May easily know the song — when heard. " My dear little woman, there surely is no man As fond as myself of your own starlit eyes. Really now I adore you, and faith, I implore you, Implicit belief and faith give to my sighs ; Oh, darling, now don't you refuse to be mine. For haven't I won you from St. Valentine ?" The Hermit was right, At the very first sight, Fair Marion fairly knocked under ; So they put up the banns, The priest joined their hands, And nothing can break them asunder. And ever since then — 'tis the way with us men, If we woo a ladye fayre, we Send homage true, in a billet doo, On the 14th of February. 