LAUNCESTON .... E XA M IN ER. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBlER 14, 1807. JULY .MAIL. ; ..; THE July mail arrived at Melbourne 'on the 10th, and at Launceston on the'126h, several days in anticipation' of the dcoin= tract time. The fate of the unfortunate" brother of the Emperor of Austria is no " longer doubtful. Maximilian' was shot by order of Juarez, in spite of the interposition, of the United States and the protest of the Prussian Consul. It is to be regretted that he did not leave the country with the French troops. It. was nothing short of infatuation to trust to a faction of such treacherous people. No f?ewer, than eighteen hundred strangers were shot. What a contrast is the treatmnent of the convicted foreign Fenians ?b England I The insults offered to the Consulates may yet bear unpalatable fruit, and we should not be surprised if the United States should make these outrages the occasion of a war of annex ation. The short visits of the (Sultan of Tur key and the Pacha of Egypt to Eng land and its Queen passed off with great eclad, and afforded unmingled satisfaction to the two potentates. A reform bill has been passed, and at the instance of the Lords provision has been made that minorities shall be re presented. This is a novelty. Hitherto all sound and valu able measures have been generally introduced by minorities. By discussion and agitation the public have been edu cated until those in favor of the proposi tion become the majority when it is carried. The progress of change was thus slow, and the people were in a posi tion to appreciate the alteration. A retrograde movement in British legisla tioti is almost a thing unknown.. The University Test Abolition Act has beeni thrown out by the Lords, but its enact ment is only a question of time. The Church Rate Abolition Bill has' again been passed by the Commons. The. Canadian Confederation had been inaugurated. The satisfaction of the people seems to be general by: the. rejoicings that took place. , Peace in Europe is maintained, and the only disturbance contemplated is ..an attack on Rome, for which M~azinni a'nd Garibaldi are said to be preparing.' Judgment had been given in the case of'the Queen v. Bertrand in favor of the opinion of the Chief Justice of New South Wales. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council held that there was no miscarriage of justice on the second trial. We suppose the prisoner .will not now be hanged, but transported for life. Twopence a day is added to .the pay of privates and non-commissioned officers throughout the army from 1st Api.l, with the exception 'of the Guards.' Money was abundant.. The bank rate of discount was reduced to two per cent.; but in Lombard-street best' bills'' were done at 11. The price of miondey'has never been so low since July, 1862. BAPTrrB COIAPL.-A tea-meeting, at' 6 o'clock, was held on Thursday evening in connection with this place of worship to wel come the Rev. Mr. Hibberd, of Launceston, and Mr. Cooks, of Perth, to their new spheres of labor. Tea was served in the Temperance Hall, and provided by Mr. W. B. Dean, whose ample and choice supply of viands indicated a superior caterer. The place was filled. Grace and' thanks were sung, when, the company adjourned to the adjoining chapel. The Rev. 0\. Price (Independent), as the senior minister in the town, tok 'the chair. He gave the right hand of welcome to the two ministers, each of whom spoke at some length. The Revs Messrs. Law' (Independent), Long (Primitive Methodist),' Miramsa (Presmby terian), and Pollen (Baptist), took part in the service. .Tbe Rev. Mr..: LIndsay (Free Church), called to Hobart Town, sent a letter of excuse, and the Rev. S; Williams (Wes leyan) expressed his regret that he was com pelled to leave after tea to conduct a service of his own. ' The Rev. Mr. Dowling, the late aged pastor, said a few words at closing, and pronounced the benediction. The chapel was quite fall, and the meeting separated at half. phst nine o'clock. Lira AssmioaNe -We understand that the Rev. Josoph' WRaterho0e will lecture on the advantages of Life Assurance in the aschool. room, RHagley, on Wednesday evening, next, at.7 o'clock. STue St. John's" Young Men's Assoctdtibn will give ma musical and elocutionary enter tainment in the Town Hall on Monday iwxt.: ' SI OLVENT CoURT.-Thu tony' Case 1t0ar\d at this Court on Thursday was :-1' re John Simpson, of. Laiunceston,~ cabbis?ot maker, second meeting and on dischargo, .,'Insolvent applied for and received his discharge.. , .... PHRENOLOGY.-Mr. A. Barrett: has, re: coived two plaster. casts: from Melbourne. The one .is of the. head.of Ballamn and the1 otlher of Searle, two men .lately execdted ;at Ballarat, for the murder of Mr. T. U;TBurko. They are both of the "villainous low! -type as Shakespeare would designate them. The;ex .pression on Ballam's face is: cold,' calm, and unmoved, but Searle's eyes protrude' ii, a most ghastly manner. , The pronunciations of a phrenologist are always taken at a discount. when he gives an estimate of character after that haracter has demonstrated itself. .But i,.will be readily believed that in each con scientiousness is small, while' acquisitiveness and destructiveness are large. Ballam has firmness latrge, but Searlo is' almost entirely delicient in this respect. The former, too, possesses secretiveness in a-, marked, degree,' while the latter is decidedly deficient. Ballam too, is a combative character, but Searlo is not. -These differences of formation, if founded on truth, as supposed,' fully account for the difference in the demeanour of the prisoners at and subsequent to the trial. We believe that Mr. A. Barrett will deliver another, le. tore in the course- of three weeks aon phre. nology ,ST. ANDEW's Sonoon BAZAAn.-The follow ing are the amounts taken at the various stalls: -No. 1, Misses M'Eachern and Cape, £23 11s.; No. 2, Misses Webster, £38 4s.,; No. 3, Misses Brown and Sanden, £61 es. 8d. No. 4, Misses Young, £25 10s.; Punch,' £8 6s.; temple of magic, £5; refreshment stall, £7: total, £164 Os. Sd. , BxNsvoLEN?cs.-An episode, not unusual, though not always with the attendant air constancees, ocoorrod at the Police 'Court on Wednesday last; before the Police Magistrate and Abraham Barrett, Esq. It goes far to verify the somewhat trite remark that the poor. have more sympathy, for, and render more effectual help to, each other than the rich. : A poor man, named Hassell, who lost his wife some short time back, himself paid the debt which we all owe some'ten or twelve days ego, leaving seven children, from sixteen to two and a half years'old, entirely destitute, with the exception of such aid as the Benevo. lent Society ' affords. But there remained the fact that tat there was a family . of ohildren with no other head than a young girl.of sixleen, jquite unfit and unable to"provide for them, and a probable future of misery and rain to some if not to all of. them. These circumstances became known to the police, and the' Super. intendent at once took measures to avert the evil consequences whiho might ensue. A respectable woman, named Johnston, begged (with tears in her eyes) to be allowed to take the baby, and bring it up with her own shil dren, as the mother had been. her friend. Another good Samaritan,- naied'Mrs. Burni, ,begged to have little Hannah - as her own child, as she had none of her own. Mr., Kenny, of' York- street, promlsee:l to bring up and educato Sammy, and tealch him hili trade when old enough, whlle Johnny was applied` for by a person named Brooks in Brisbane street..: The whole family attended` In Court, and these four children were handed over to the persons as h had do'pted them, and it was touching to seee the -regret exhibited by the'little ones at parting from each other. There then rirmained three; for two of whom (girls, aged 16 and 13) the Town Missionary had' undertaken to. procure suitable situations, and the third was recommended by ' the Bench for. a weekly allowance from 'the Government, to be paid to the person , who would tako charge, of him. .:The three'last were sent to their old home pending the contemplated arrange. ment. ' " THE MAXWELLS or BascoATatn."---This tale is unavoidably, held over to make room for.news by the mail , - - Ti " TaE Town HAL.rPuc.PIT."-We have re ceived a . copy of a sermon entitled s t' The Great Trumpet," preached by Mr. 8.1 Gorzns on Sunday evening, the 1st inst. ' "THE To~All7AwK.'-TIhis'is the title' of ' new satirical journal published .in London every Saturday. - By the last.mail we have. received the second number, which contains several smart things only , inferior to Punch from the absence of :illustrations.' Theie is one large colored cartoon,' :'.Banqun at. thbe Banquet," representing'the gathering at Paris of the crowned heads of-Europe, when the ghost of poor : Maximilian - appears, and the Emperor Napoleon, horrified at the apparition, ecilaims "Thou oan'st not say, I did it I". TtE Penny Readings hld in the Mechanics' Institute on -Thursday were very successful. rhe attendance was good, but the room'"was not over crowded. _ £4 was: taken"'at'. the doors. In the absence of tho'President4tMr. E.J boycs occupied the chair, and conducted the proceedings with-a, good deal..of, huntpr, though there were a, few" indication,ofiin-, patience when the eaidings were, rather long. One thing,. howvever, .nust.. be- put down. i, music is to form a .pirt, of. these entertain ments': we allude to the tattooing on the floor by .. the feet' of the , assembly. 'Will it be credited ? that. , dripg .a song - on i Thirsday evening, at least one- half of the large assemblage were beating time with their feet to.the pianoforte accom paniment? :;~The gentleman who,presided at the instrimeiit very properly stopped, and in timated that if the interruption was continued he should?, decline'. ,to play. This is -th ' proper- way to. meet. such labarous , breaches- of- propriety, and if tlhe threat were 'carried out in a few instenccs thie aidiencit' generally woiuldi come -to feel rejponsible for the maintenance of proper decorumi;. The last Penny Reading feir this ins.on takes. place next Thursday evening. we A oS89k;." n i announcement lis .,mde eldewler that Madame Sohier'sBrancbWax. works Eiiibltion will to, on Vl8wV,aI.Long.,:: fordaon Monday. and .Tuesday; at Weatbhury,. on 'ednesdey, and ,Thurs lay ; ands at Delol,; rmine` on 'Friday and: Saturday... Ti.ey aoe. w?Ill vorthyof a visit. ,,EXAMINATION pRan Scnor.a mi .,z This1 examination commenced at Hobart Tofp,,on?,., Thonrday., The candidates ae-e-Messrs. Joeho,, Snowden, G.F. Aroher, . Bueenol,,..Began, ', and M. ]?earnley. I SA N.tnnow FesoarP.-On, Frday evenn?g, as tboh Hobart Town coobh was, passingt, the cab stand in Brisban o.streot, two! horses attrohed to one of' the calbs becameterrifed, and wheeled 'round, making .a tart on. the direction of the' ?(iob Haotel. In wheeling' however, !they erossed the 'foothpath, .and: 1 nearly ran . oever, two children? named Turner. Mr. Becolt., wlo was near at !hanid rushed out, and turned th'e,: heads of the :;hlals, and oat bhed np the children cjust ie time to get ,them p out of danger. !i The ' horses' were secured after. Dalloping a sfar asn the ,,residzce of ,Mr. Douglas. 'Mr. N.IR.D .BOND, dne of thehsandicappers for the': -itrla Reing t Club, has been i ap pointedi: ihie ;'dflloial.handicapper fo?,.t L : Soluherin"Timanian Oliampion Racing Meet. ing, 1868.: " A Risa.u Mrirc lakes place at the buotil to-day between four .married and; four single men. Ranges:,, 800, 00. and 400 yards.- ?I Seven rounds at each range. Hig:ese' total in three minntches to be;the,vletors;~. ., Wa have received The Australian Journal, for the peast and current'_ week., ~The latter, contains a portrait of .Sir. Francis,Murphy,. Speaker of the House of. Assembly of Vie. i. toria. ,, 