The Novelist. GRANTFORD GRANGE. Chapter XXII. MR. GINGER AND HIS PUPIL. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. WHILE the gipsy mother thus mourned her child, Mr. Ginger's circus company journeyed towards the West, bearing little Otho farther and farther from those who would have given so much to know his whereabouts; farther and farther, too, from all who would hare aided or befriended him. The petted heir of Grantford Grange, and of late the cherished plaything of his gipsy mother; the child had never, in his brief life, heard a harsh word addressed to him; and though he now found himself amongst strangers, had no dread of them. The objects he saw about him pleased and in terested him. The trained horses excited his utmost admiration, and the free and easy man- j ners of the ladies and gentlemen of the com- j pany won his heart. To be permitted to ride upon the wonderful pony, who did such as tounding things as he was said to do, was ! honor enough for the young Otho. Soon he forgot to wonder why his gipsy mother never came, and to think of her only occasionally. The affection which had grown so suddenly within his breast was not dead yet, but the child was of an elastic terperament and too easlv interested in the present to grieve greatly orer the past. Besides, he fondly fancied the whole world made for his pleasure, and his little will the law (lint ruled the universe. The women of the company admired the pretty child and were fond of having him about them. The clown, who in private life was Mr. Jenks, took a grand liking to him and promised him that he should be a clown himself when he grew big enough. Mr. Ginger, eyeing him with a professional glance, declared that he certainly would " take with an intelligent audience of females;" and the belle of the company assured him she thought she'd wait for him if he'd only promise to grow up as handsome as he had begun. It was grand sport to*Otho, already an excel lent rider—for he had the most careful masters to learn feats of equestrianism suited to the ring—+4 be taught to dance upon the tight rope and to be instructed in wonderous sommer saults by the ring-master, who in his every-day clothes was by no means the spruce personage he appeared to the admiring public. And while fie manager was calculating on the profit which the child would certainly bring to him—for his beauty was something unusual, and his apitude for such training as was neces sary quite remarkable—Otho believed that the only reason for all this riding and posturing' and these hourly gymnastic exercises, was the desire to obey his own request. Even had he known the part assigned him, his notions on the subject were so vague that he would probably have hailed the idea of be coming one of Mr. Ginger's preformers as a very pleseant one. By the time they reached the first Western Tillage in which this latter gentleman hoped to meet with an appreciative audience, Otho was so far forward in his education as to be ready to appear in some easy though showy feats of horsemanship, and was provided, to his great joy, with a suit of flesh-colored tights and any quantity of gilded trappings, and to be an nounced in the bill as " Master Auguste Gon zalez, the infant Wonder of the World." Then, when the circus tent was pitched, and the crowd of gapers gathered beneath it; when the clown, all red and white, a sort of comic ghost to look at, propounded old conundrums to the ring master, and was horsewhipped for being saucy to Mademoiselle Fiorina, when that lady took flying leaps over rampant steeds and kissed her hand to the audience as she flew through a papered hoop, and the whole com pany appeared in what Mr. Ginger was pleased to call the " Grand Moral Spectacle of Crossing the Desert;" —the pony bore the smiling boy into the ring, and the manager found he had been right about his proving '• a card," for every ma tron and every matron's daughter grew enthu siastic over the beaatiful little da-ling, and there was more applause elicited by this simple per formance than by the most difficult acrobatic Seats of Monsieur Montif&lli;, who, if the truth were stated on the bills, had " astounded all the ■dentine world by his mysterious triple somer sault." In one word, the debut was a success, and Otho's fate was sealed. It was pleasant enough for the boy at first, bat the time soon came when his fun grew to be very hard work indeed. In appreciative neighborhoods three performances were given a day, and at each the child appeared. His in clination at first, afterwards bis pride, sustained him through the fatigue ; but, at last, both for- ! sook him, and all he longed for was rest. : Then began the conflict between the manager < and the child, which no one who witnessed it j erer forgot. Mr. Ginger had tamed many a restive horse, but he found the taming of the little creature, whom he could have lifted with one hand, a task of far greater magnitude. Sometimes, when all was ready and the au dience were calling for the boy, Otho would seat himse f upon the ground and, folding his baby arms, delare that he would not ride that day. Romonstranee was of no avail, orders were unheeded, threats disregarded. Only by sheer brute force could the manager conquer the elf who opposed him all his little might. But, by this force, he did conquer at last. The little heir of Grantford Grange grew to fear the weight of the circus manager's rough hand. He learnt what blows were. He learnt to tremble at the crack of the whip, and to dance and ride and leap, smiling and kissing his little hand to the applauding audience, while his heart was so full of woe that it is a wonder that it did not break outright. The ladies of the company said sometimes that it was " a shame of Mr. Ginger," but, after all, the child's fate was only theirs. They smiled when they were wretched, they danced when they longed to lie down and die. j More than one ha>l a tipsy husband who beat her; and sometimes when Mademoiselle Flo* rina's spouse (for Mademoiselle in private life was married and nnmed Smith) led her out with a smile on his rouged lips, and the query: " Well, Mademoselle, shall we let these ladies and gentlemen see how we can ride ? and the down made a grand pretence of falling into ! spasms of admiration at the sight of the lady, and was flogged for kissing his hand by the ring-master—poor Mademoiselle's arms were ! black and blue with pinches, and the two had j only given a alight intermistion to a most fe»' rocious quarrel, to be resumed when titeir part of the performances was over. So Otho's trials were, after all, in their eyes, the common lot of humanity; and as Mr. Ginger had made the statement that he had taken the boy out of charity, and moat make what he could hy him, no one ventured to interfere. Three times the boy had striven to elude the eyes about him, and escape from the company, with a vague hope that, if he ran far enough, he would find either the gipsy camp or Grant ford Grange. He had no idea of the distance he had travelled, or the locality in which the circus tent was pitched, save that he heard.a good deal of going west. In the east, then, he should find those he sought, and thither his little steps invariable directed themselves. He was always brought back, however, and on his return felt heavier blows, and heard more angry threats; so that, at last, he gave up all hope, and resigned himself to his daily tasks—his little spirit quite cowed and broken. Every week he became worth more to Mr. Ginger. The fame of his pretty acrobatic exploits travelled from one western village to the other, and the anouncement of the arrival of Master Auguste Gonzalez brought a little throng to witness his performances. Sometimes the women would gather about the little creature—almost like a faiiy in his glittering costume —and kiss him, and ask him " if he liked to dance and ride." To many a motherly soul, with her own babies about her, the child longed to answer that he was unhappy, and to beg her to take him back to Hagar, or even to the Grange— the mild restraint of which would have been Heaven to him now. But he dared only utter the smart sayings taught him, and to declare himself as happy as the day was long; for close beside him stood the ring-master, cracking his gilded whip, and saying, with an unctuous stage roll in his voice: " Answer the ladies, little Master Auguste. Bless you, Madame, he's been able to ride ever sine? he left his mother's arms, and took to the tight rope when other children are in their cradles!" Then the boy would bow, and trip away, kissing his hand as he went, and the admiring audience would think him " such a happy child." And children would envy him his glittering dress and freedom to ride those wonderful steeds. And away in his own little crannie, the weary child would hide his head upon his pillow, and murmur: "Oh, Mammy Hagar, why don't you ever come? Have you left off loving your gipsy boy?" chapteb xxrn. THE GIPSY MOTHKB BKBKB Hfctt LOST BOY. Oss night, Hagar, who had grown thin and wan with grieving over the loss of her boy, sat crouched over a little camp fire, warming her brown hands, and thinking intently. At hut she looked up, and spoke to Aaron, who sat beside her, smoking. " Sim. has stolen my lad," she said quietly. " Fve been reading the stars for myself. He is ! the man. Aaron, if any harm comes to my little child, it would be better for that man to be dead." Aaron's swarthy face flushed red. " You're out of your mind about the lad," he said. " What should Sim. want of him ?" " Aaron," said the woman, solemnly, " I don't deceive you. Something tells me that tells true that it's him. And, more than that—l've dreamt three times of my lad. And always his little face was pale, and his little hands.stretched out to me. I must find him or die, Aaron." "You left him of your own accord,'* said Aaron, " and did without him a good many yean. Why can't you forget him now as you did then ?" i " I don't know, Aaron," said Hagar,—l don't know how it can be that I ever did. There was always a little craving for him in my heart — always a hollow nothing could fill—though I hardly guessed what I wanted. But I saw him | now and then, you know, and he was petted, and rich, and in want of nothing. Now he may be dead in a ditch, or starving at the roadside. Oh! my little lad. Yes, yes, I did without him, as you say. And people born blind do without eight. But when I got him—when I had him for my very own, and called him my gipsy lad, and heard him call me mammy —tongue cannot tell how fond I grew of him, I said ' This is what I wanted all my life. This is what the stars gave me, and I cast away. Now I have it, I'll keep it.' Oh! Aaron, Aaron, then it was taken away from me—just then." She hid her face in her hands awhile, and then looked up, with more of her own bold, bright glance than Aaron had seen for weeks. " I'm growing a fool," she said. " It's time to do, and not to cry. Fm going to have my lad back, if he's alive. If he's dead, let the man who murdered him beware of Hagar, his gipsy mother! Aaron, I'm going to Albany, I'm going to watch Sim. with my own eyes; and if he is playing me false, he'll rue the day he ever was born—if the same blood is in our veins! He's crafty, but I can match him." Aaron, knowing well how true her suspicions were, could only venture to disuade his wife on the score that her suspicions were ground less. He knew that she would have her own way, and trusted, not only that Sim. had so contrived as to escape detection, but that if detected, his share in the theft of the child would never be discovered. Besides, oppose her as he might, there were none in the camp who would not serve Hagar, while he had little influence. In a little while he began to remonstrate less earnestly, and by and by said, sulkily: " Well, do as you like; only it's waste of I time. Are you going alone?" I " Anybody would only be in the way," said i Hagar. " I shall not go to Sim. with my errand | on my lips, I can tell you that. To-morrow Fll tell you more." | She did. The next day they had travelled i within a few miles of a town of considerable size, and she went into it, and remained absent for some hours. When she came back she car ried a bundle in her arms which she concealed \ within the tent of which she was mistress until ' night. Then when the tents were all pitched, j and the camp wrapped in slumber, she exhi- j bited the contents to the wondering Aaron. ' They were a suit of men's attire and changes ,' of fine linen. Aaron examined them closely and asked, with a puzzled face : ! " What are those for ?" . "To wear," said Hagar. " Don't you believe j that I can look manly enough for them?" ■ The gipsy shook his head. I "You can do a gnat deal," he said. " You're a cute one, I know; but you've got a face not easy to forget, and in any dress them that know you would be sure to say, that's Ha* gar. Besides, look here." He caught her around the waist as he spoke, and with the other great hand pulled out her comb. The loosened hair fell as he did so over both like a veil. It reached to Hagar*s ankles, tall as she was. " That's not- to be tucked under cap or wig," he said. " You can't hide your hair, Ha gar." The gipsy gave a low, scornful sort of laugh. "Do you think I'd stop for a little loss of good looks ?" she said. "My little lad is worth more than all the hair that ever grew, and here is what will rid me of all I don't want." And a pair of sharp scissors glittered before Aaron's eyes. "You won't cut off your hair, Hagar?" She laughed and gave a little snip at the ends- Aaron caught her hand. "Xo, my beauty no," he said. There's : other dresses ; don't—don't!" But Hagar pushed him from her. She stepped before a little looking-glass which her piece of woman's vanity had made one of the adorn ments of the tent, and lifted the great jetty masses in her hand. They were splendid beyond description; but she never paused. With ruthless hand she severed them close to her head and let them drop unheeded to (he floor. Then she parted them over one eye and combed them away as a youth might, and turned towards Aaron. " They're gone," she said, " and all my good looks with them, eh, Aaron ?" "I don't know but you're handsomer so," said the gipsy; " but for all that, I wouldn't have taken any money to have it done. I never knew a woman who could cut such hair off, Ha g«." There was absolutely a tear in his eye as he spoke, but Hagar never saw it. She went on with her work and soon stood dressed from top to toe in male attire. The garments were well chosen to drape the queenly form and change it to that of a hand some boy; and when a little moustache, such as any fop might wear, adorned the upper lip, few would have guessed that the wearer was a woman. Partly because Hagar's beauty was of anything but the petite order, and her height full that of many men. " Would you know me, Aaron ?" she asked. " I should. I would know you in any dress," said Aaron; " but others won't. Keep out of the way of the women, Hagar, or they'll fall in love with you." Then with wistful eyes he watched her as she placed the linen in a little portmanteau, just such a one as a young dandy might have oar* ried. " You are not going to start to-night ?" he asked. " I am," said Hagar. "Of course you'll not tell how I went; only that Fm gone. Sim. may have spies in the camp. Gipsy blood is not al ways to be trusted. Good bye, Aaron." " How long will you be gone P When will you send word to me ?" " I don't know. I can't tell," said Hagar, her free growing dark. " I must find my hd if I search the world through, and if I get a clue I'll follow it to its end." She put out her hand to Aaron as she spoke; but instead of taking it the gipsy took her in his arms and kissed her. Had he belonged to well- ordered society where the husband's will must be law to bis wife, she would never have passed from the tent into the moonlight night a moment after, leaving him alone'; but in the midst of the civilized world these wandering Bohemians had rules and codes of their own, and acted by them. The blood of the rulers of the tribe flowed in Hagar's veins, and by birthright she had au thority over him, not he over her. He stood watching her as she passed beyond the white tents in the moonlight, and then flung himself upon the ground and clutched his ebon hair with his brown hands. As he lay with his face upon the ground, he felt something soft and silky touch his brow, and opened his eyes with a start. It was one of Hagar's jetty tresses which yet lay as they had fallen in a glitering heap. Th* gip"7 pressed his lips to them, and then began to gather them up jealously, leaving no hair of the thousands that had been severed upon the ground. When he had them all in his hand he began to twist them into a sort of cord —a very rope of polished jet,—and with fingers that trembled so that, dexterous as they were by nature, they ooutd hardly perform the task, twined it about his waist, and knotted it over his heart under the rough blue shirt he wore. That heart beat so wildly that he could see and almost hear the mad pulsation. And in the might of his one all-powerful emotion, his great, jealous, tortured love for Hagar—all that was mean and crafty passed for once from the bronzed face of Aaron Had. His handsome features and glittering eyes; his straight, low forehead; and the red mouth, shut so firmly over teeth of snow, would have caught an artist's eye; and the tall, slender figure might have been fitly repeated in the sculptor's clay. He looked, as he stood there, as some Indian chief might have looked in the days when In dians were the free masters of the soil, before they had been crushed into skulking and de graded worshippers of the white man's fire water; and no one would have recognized the tinkering gipsy, light of foot and finger, who would rob a hen-rost or a dothes'-line. Qod made man in his own likeness, our Bible tells us; and there never yet was one so mean and base that at some moment that truth was not manifest in his look and voice and ges ture. For more than a minute Aaron Had looked the grand man whom God created. By dawn his excitement had, in a great measure, passed away, and he was the lounging gipsy again to outward view. Still inwardly his ruling pas sion moved him, and when he started from the camp with his tinkers' tools, he had no thought : of gain by work or pilfering. It was the best way of avoiding remark or question; but his ' steps were turned not towards the doors of the ', village houses, but in the direction Hagar had I taken. He did not wish to thwart her purpose. He had a superstitious fancy that fate would favor her; but he felt that he must keep her in sight, or pine for her as she had pined for Otho. As, ; years before, when she was the wife of the proud, fair-haired Henry Grantford, he also had pined, longing for her presence;—as the prisoner longs for liberty, or the condemned for pardon ; racked and torn by jealous pangs, and burning for revenge upon the man to whom she had given hsndf. He knew, also, that Simeon Blix was wary, amity, and would stop at nothing to gain his own ends; and Hagar, even with her bold spirit, might rush into danger, from which only a man's strong arm might protect her; and, full of these thoughts, he kept on his way to Albany. Simeon Blix boarded at a respectable and fashionable boarding-house, in street. In fact, it was so select a place that on his first application to the landlady he had nearly been rejected as an inmate on account of his unpre possessing appearance and vulgar habits of speech. Fortunately, however, Mrs. Gurnsey learnt who he was in time; and, although be wildered by the evidence of her own senses, decided that a member of such a respectable firm, who wore such costly clothes and jewellery, and made no objections to any terms, must be a gentleman. Then, too, he had such excellent connections; and was to be married into such a respectable family. It must be, Mrs. Gurnsey thought, a mere freak of nature. She had heard some where that English noblemen were sometimes rough and course in their manners; " and if they are," thought Mrs. Gurnsey, "who mightn't be." So she changed her frowns to smiles, and allowed Sim. to make one of her select house hold ; where, at certain seasons, nore than one member of the legislature might have been met with. And there he see&ed; likely to remain, for vulgar man a«ftr valued gentility and aristo cratic surroundings as Sim. Blix did. It was far from a busy time with Mrs. Gurn sey. In fact, she was wishing for some new I and suitable applicants for sundry vacant rooms under her roof, when one morning the servant who attended the door announced the fact that " the beautifullest young gentleman that ever was" desired to see her, and proceed ing to the parlor, found an individual who, to her eyes, seemed fully to answer the description' We have seen Hagar in her "nwniintt attire, and need waste no words upon the tout ensem ble of this elegant personage, for it was Hagar, and no other who made that superb bow to stout Mrs. Gurnsey. " You desired to speak to me, I believe," said the lady, with her most genteel smile. Her visitor bowed. " If I have been rightly informed, you have some vacancies in your establishment," he said. "I should fancy that I might be very well suited here. May I ask your terms ?" He spoke in a foppish, conceited way, twist ing the end of his moustache as he spoke, and Mrs. Gurnsey, who liked what are denominated "airs," smiled approvingly—smiled, too, in a way that exhibited her white false teeth to the best advantage, and gave a hasty glance glass ward, to see that her hair was all right. "Will you see the rooms?" she said. "I have three vacant. Dinner at six, and a little supper before bed time. I don't starve my boarders. We have breakfast, lunch, dinner, tea and supper." "Very nice arrangement," said the visitor, with a little affected lisp. "Yes, 111 look at the rooms. I'd like to be next some respectable sort of person, you know. It's foolish, you may think, but I'm particular, so I'll ask who are my neighbors, and decide on the rooms by that." " Certainly, sir," eaid Mrs. Gurnsey, leading the way up stairs. "I understand refined feelings, for I have them myself. In Mr. Gurn sey's life I never thought to come to taking boarders, though, after all, I should do my es tablishment a wrong where I to call it a mere vulgar boarding house. It is a home to the select circle who dwell beneath its roof. This way, sir. This, is I think, the best apartment —front room with an alcove, bath- room ad joining, marble mantel and marble-topped fur niture. Gentleman in the next room—Mr. Korapton, a lawyer." The visitor looked doubtful, and Mrs. Gurn sey led the way along the corridor. " This is a pretty room," she said, " but nd"t so large. Next door you'd have a young couple, Mr. and Mrs. Loveboy. Ah, don't suit you, I see. This is the only other I have." They had ascended to the third floor, and certainly the room now offered was neither as large nor as elegantly furnished as the others. Mrs. Gurnsey looked disparingly at it. " I put my enameled suits in this floor," she said. " Here you'd have Mr. Green next you, and on the other side a Mr. Blix." " Mr. what, ma'am ?" asked the visitor. " Blix, sir. Not a very prepossessing gentle man, but highly connected, I understand. _ To her astonishment, a look of great satisfac tion appeared on the visitor's face. He nodded, twirled his moustache, and waving his hand, exclaimed: "This room pleases me. I need look no farther. lam perfectly satisfied." Perfectly satisfied! when was it that Mrs. Gurnsey had heard those words from the lips of any boarder, male or female ? She began to think this young gentleman a model for his sex. In fact, he made so favorable an impression upon her, that she forgot to hint at references, and accepted him only too joyfully as an inmate of her select boarding house. How she would have felt had she guessed that this elegant and perfumed exquisite was only a woman, and such a woman as Hagar, it is very easy to imagine. The new boarder gave the name of Johnson, and thus he was introduced to the other board ers, on whom he made a very favorable impres sion. Sim. Blix, in particular, felt that this was indeed a member of the aristocracy of America. And oh, how Hagar—a natural actress, if ever one was born in a gipsy camp—carried out her role. How she lisped, and twirled her moustache, and ogled the ladies, and glanced superciliously at the gentlemen across Mrs. Gurnsey's table. [to be contiktjid] Air Absubd old Bogus.—The most amusing ' case which has come before the Courts lately has been that of Moses Moses, a Jew receiver of ! stolen goods. He had been transported, but ! being released according to the idiotic custom, { when a large part of his sentence had to run, ; he re-engaged in his trade, and prospered | wonderfully. The collection of articles which . Mr. Moses got together really makes one's mouth water. They have been thus enumerated by a bard who sings the song of Moses, in Punch :— Gold and silver, gems and cameos, | ! Jewels fit for Eastern Daimlos, : Saddles, bridles, vases, caskets, Rich electrotypic baskets, Cases for my lady's dressing. Chalices for Churchman's blessing, Sticks, Malaccas, golden-headed, Coins in tankards deep embedded, , China 'such as aged aunt owes I Niece's cares to} new portmanteaux. Sweet perfume* and books quite blinding With their gorgeous gilded binding, Such a list not half discloses Of the gains of Moses Moses. But in last October this enterprising collector ' was himself robbed, not very severely, by burglars. In a tempest of rage, such as could come only into the Oriental mind, he actually sent for detectives to trace the men who had in jured him. The officers pursued their perquisi tions a little farther than Moses intended, and laid bare his stores of plunder. JBref —he has twenty years of penal servitude as a punishmen for not having had more self-command. Loed Clabbhdok, who is sixty-seven years of age, and an jnveterate smoker, is said to be in rapidly declining health. He is suffering from • severe cutaneous disease, and impaired Tiakm. 