THEATRICAL. The Metropolitan Stage. Dear Bell, — The re-opening of thc Theatre Royal under the present constitution of thc management is an event upon which not only the theatrical profession, but also tho great body of lovers of the drama, ought to -e warmly congratulated. That such a theatre as the Royal could long remain un such an excellent directory could bq found as that which now controls the destinies of this theatre, few were sanguine enough to hope. Thc association of six gentlemen so well known, and so deservedly popular, each in his peculiar line, as Messrs. Lambert, Har wooa, Vincent, Stewart, Bellair, and Hen nings, augurs well for the future of tho drama in Melbourne. Unfortunately, the real hard-working managers in tho Australian colonies who have tho ability to conduct the business of a theatre, and have, moreover, tho wherewithal to enable them to do so creditably and effectively, aro very limited in number. To preserve discipline and har mony in a company the sinews of war should bo ready, and tho ' ghost walk ' with such regularity as to ensure an esprit de corps, without which tho dramatic performances must inovitably Buffer. Without wishing to be in tho slightest degree invidious, I may say that the theatres of Australia have, in too many instances, been in tho hands of men with little capital and less principle, who have done nothing to elevate tho drama, but who have pursued tho 'cheap and nasty' Bystcm, pandering to the tastes of tho lowest section of the theatrical com munity, and whining at the very natural action of tho public in abstaining from visit ing the theatres. True, wo have had honourable exceptions, some of whom have proved beyond a doubt that a largo amount of public snpport is extended to deserving por brmances. Others have been less favoured by fortune, partly from not having tho means rule haff too often been to produco'. plays, devoid bt novelty, and in an absurdly in appropriate manner. . Under tho now regime wo may expect bettor things. Each member of the management -has ? new a- direct interest in the proper conduct of tho theatre, and their previous reputation iB prima facia; evidence that -no effort will be wanting on their x-art to makotho Theatre Royal what it onght to be— viz., tho leading theatre in the Australian colonies. Joint-stock ma nagement amongst tho actors is, I believe, a novol experiment in Australia, and I cordially wish, for tho interests of the drama, that it will prove as successful as its most sanguine supporters could desire. The opening night was'a worthy inaugura tion of tho managerial intentions, Tom Taylor's now play of 'Tho Serf' being tho piece de resistance, supported by the full talent of the company. 'Tho Serf' is a drama which, without taking rank with tho highest 'class of dramatic literature, has, nevertheless, many claims to bo considered a valuable addition to our theatrical libraries.' Thero aro some vory effective situations, and somo very excellent and poetical passagesin it, ami acted ao woll as it is at the Royal, it only requires tho pruning-knife to mako it a very popular piece, especially with audiences so unaccustomed to' novelty as thoso . of Melbourne. Tho story is somewhat com plicated, but tho thread of it is descriptive of ,he varied fortunes of one Ivan, who, though born a serf, had by tho kindness of his master been well educated and sent to Paris; where ho was studying as as artist Here he falls inlovo with a wealthy widow, who re ciprocates his attachment, but unfortunately a Russian noble, who is visitine Paris, insults the lady in qusstion at tho opera, and is pitched from tho box into tho pit without ceremony by Ivan. Of course ho finds out who tho latter really is, and meditates re venge. .Ivan in tho meantime is recalled to Russia to receive his freedom, but before he arrives thore his benefactor dies; and the noblo who had been so maltreated bocomes tho proprietor of tho estates and all hands. Of course Ivan has not a particularly rosy time of it, and is exposed. to indignities on every side, rendered the more bitter by tho presence of tho widow, who happens to bo paying a flying visit to the snow-chid nortlu An old serf named Khor endeavours to pcr suado Ivan to be tho leader of an insurrec tion amongst - tho serfs, which ho (Khor) is fomenting, and'- everything is .prepared to blow up tho palaco and everybody in it, when the denouement is brought about in a Btartlingly sudden mannor by Khor being somewhat unaccountably shot, and witli his. dying breath announcing tliat Ivan is tho heir, and the malevolent nobleman only tho serf, » discovery which was apparently highly gratifying to the audience and to the remainder of the characters. Thore is, you will porooivo, a good deal of improbability UUUUIl KUU JIIUU, l/UV bUUlU UlU U1BU I1UIUU VUl V. stirring and dramatic situations, all of which woro woll interpreted by tho various' artists. Tho best performed character was, in my opinion, that of Mr;- Harwood, who repre sented the Russian noblo with thoroughly nr tistio ability, both in his acting and his make up. Mr. Vinoont was uneven as Ivan, somo portions being fiery and impulsive, and others particularly tame. Mr. Stewart made tho aristocratio Mistigris a low comedy part until tho last act, when ho improved ' muohly.' Tho hot unim portant character of Khor was excellent in the hands of Mr. Lambert, and Mr. Bollair had littlo or nothing te do as a princo with a jaw- breaking name. With regard to tho ladies I must admit that I have soon Miss Cleveland to far greater advantage Slio was too laboured and stagey throughout, whilst Miss Dooy Stewart, as Ivan's uistur, made as captivating a littlo peasant as any. ono would wish, to meet in a summer's day. The ensemble displayed an immense improve ment upon what we havo been accustomed to at this theatre, tho first scene being arranged and furnished fls ? r001?,, should be\ T*V; scene of the Russian vn.^e covered with snow was worthy of Mr. Hennings, and *?e last scene was equally good in its way. Tnfl dresses were all . appropriate; ''and the groupings and management of the supers highly creditable. I must congratulate the directors upon the very satisfactory com mencement they havo made, and although I'm afraid tho attendance has not been equal to their expectations, yet tho unpropitious weather at the early part of the week may bo in some degree accountable. Further mcrre, they cannot expect to take the town by storm with a stock company, however good, it may bo. Patient plodding industry aud intelligence must be displayed throughout all their endeavours to make thc speculation permanently successful, and will give it a firmer basis than any evanescent attraction which they may occasionally fall in with. I was considerably surprised to sec that tho gentleman who is tho most interested in keeping tho theatre open — viz., the landlord — had not contributed ono iota in furtherance of the success of tho lessees. The same dingy appearance of the box panels, tho same old dirty patches on the ceiling, caused by water coming through the roof, the same holes made to assist tho performances of the acrobats months ago, are more and more apparent I understand that Mr. Kyte alleges as an excuse for not putting tho theatre in order, that the people who come to hear tho preaching on Sundays com mit such damage as to deter him from effect ing any improvements or repairs. » Truly an excuse worthy tho logic of a Kyte. Ho diverts the uses of the theatre from their lo gitimate Bphere to get a little additional rent on Sundays, and forsooth the regulitr fre quenters and supporters of tho theatre are to suffer discomforts because the 'go to meeting ' folks do not conduct themselves with propriety. I regret to hear that the arrangements which were ahnost settled for the appearance of Madame Celeste at this house have, at the eleventh hour, fallen through, and that that distinguished actress will take leave of the Melbourne boards until the existing agreement between Mr. Coppin and Mr. Gouriay has been fulfilled. At the Haymarket tho well-known drama of 'St Marv's Eve.' under the now title of ' Madeline, or tho Jacobite's Sistpr,' has been produced, in addition to thc 'French Spy,' which has been played as the after piece. - In Madeline, Madame Celeste is again afforded an. opportunity of displaying her unprecedented powers as a melodramatic actress. I look upon this character as the best in which she has as yet appeared, the drama itself being infinitely hotter than either of the others which havo been per formed since her encasement She is re markably well supported by the excellent company under Mr. Coppin, especially Mr. Lawrence, who gives a powerful and intel ligent' rendering of what tho 'leading journal' insists upon calling tho ' prescribed Jacobite.' The ' Woman in Red' was re peated last night for Madame Celeste's bone it ; : and on Monday, by way of a ' novelty;' 'Rob Roy' is to be produced, with Messrs. Holloway and Lawrence alternately as Rob, Mr. Gouriay as 'the Baillie, Miss Aitken Helen M'Gregor, and Mrs. Gouriay Diana Vernon. .... ... The customary agreeable diversity of pro gramme has, of course, been observable at tho 'Varieties.' Wo have had n most enjoyable selection from ' La Sonnambulo,' in which Miss Warden and Mr. Melvyn par ticularly distinguished themselves, executing tho music of 'Bellini with a skill and taste which showed their excellence as musicians. To recapitulate all that is good in the pro gramme would bo a lengthy labour, so 1 will take the easier course and confine myself to thoso portions which I consider least deserv ing of praise. One- of the most obnoxious of these is tho gradual introduction of. '.'an aerie of children,' whose efforts, although creditable to them as children, aro not so palatable when. displayed to excess, as when they are introduced like tho visits of angels, few and far between. Wo havo had -no less than three of theso infant' phe nomena during thc past week, Master Rollin, of whom- ? I- liavo ' before expressed, my ? opinion ; Master Herbprte, who nlavs solos on tho niccolo with homo execution | and,' lastly. Miss Leritia OIRcilly (whati magnifloent godfathers Messrs. Coker and Nish would make, if I may judge by tho - professional names of many of their singers). This young lady sings what aro called in the bills 'comic' songs, and thd samo crediblo archives of the profession announce her ago to bo nine yoars. If this be true (and playbills — like Salem Soudder's apparatus— never lie — I can conscientiously say with Shakspere, 'I nover know so young a body with so old a head.' Her appearance gives me tho idea that, she is about 10, her confidenco announces her as 50, and - her talents mako mo think the playbill is correct It grieves me to speak harshly of young beginners, but when unmatured abilities, however much they may bo. developed at a future timo by a course of hard study, aro brought prominently before tho public as something perfect a heavy' responsibility rests with the guardians of thoso juvenile celebrities who are killed (professionally) before thoy havo timq to lay tho golden egg; Tho well-known Leopold Family aro to ap pear next week in a ballet entertainment, and, as ' it never rains but; it pours,' we are to havo a slab of Scotch' music, coeval with tho revival of tho grand Scottish drama of ' Rob Roy'! in another place. As the agree able operatic selections arc to bo withdrawn in favour of Caledonia's national melodies, I hopo tho bagpipes will drive the audienco out of tho room. Mr. Stanley sings a now local song callod' Doing Remarkably Well.' I think' theso localised comic songs very suit able to the 'Varieties,' and hopo that tho proprietors will offer some inducement to our Molbourno 'wits to keep them in a . good supply. Mr. Stanloy is rather too funereal in his bearing to give proper effect to this kind of vocalisation, but I prcsumo ho is susceptible to improvement. Tho concert in aid of the widow of tho lato tiignor Cutolo camo off, as announced, on Thursday, at the Royal, in tho presence of a very largo audionce. Thero was nothing particularly Etriking in any of the' pieces S'vcn, but the object was a worthy one, and r. Schott is entitled to great credit for his exertions in so charitable a mission. : CHARLES SURFACE. ; 