FKIPAY, OCTOBER 25, 1867. In (bo Legislative Council, Aa Ibero WOB only eix tnrmbera present at the opening of the LrghlarWe Connel yesterday, tho i Houeo adjourned until 4 p.m. on Wednesday next. IN tho Legislativo Assembly, yosterday, Papers were U'd on the tal le, showing the reeervea madu or rescinded (ty ibo presont Government, lt «as oi'derod that the docutuei ts b- pintid, Mr. MonaiOE moved tho ndjuurnmcnt of the Houeo, to direct alten ion to Statements rfiVcting himself, mudo hy n willer in the Herald u'dir tho bend nf " fho Gollcclite Wisdom of tho Country." which statements he characterised in Biron* languogo as untrue. Af'rr rrmorhB from Mr. PIONAU. 'Mr. GAnntTT: Mr. I'IDDINOTOB, end Mr. MAcruàHtoN, tho mution wa» put. O'd negatived. Mr. HOSKBTK* innved Hut in the opinion of the HOUHP, it was incnnsisti nt with tho prit ciiles of responsible government for Ilia prestnt Minialry to continuo to lurid office in view of the recently suitaincd defeats in their most ptominrnt put lie polioy. He said ho nndrretnod that tho ol j. ct »hielt the Govern- ment oontemplntcd when they moved thcadjnurumrnt on Friday was lo »blsiu lime to coneider their constitution! 1 po ition. Ha Iben tboii|tht that lin- (JovernmrM |wo posfd to resign, or tn nd vino the dhfolulion of Put lia» mont, although far was conildtLt that bis Excellency would not disuelva tho prftntst Parliament a' tho in« fUu*of t^ttuit-iha] Atuuney.Gtncn), ky who» it hurl been called't'r/ethpr.. IT» could not. until ves'or day, believe 'tbat the Government -would pursue the course it had deuided opju. '. Tho motion whioh hit now made was'-ot nut fut wird an party grounds, and ha did not intend to appeal -to any party to support it It was «ul milted pur ly for couBtitutionnl' reuauns to tho representatives of;iha people. Ho took excéptico to the pr.nciples f r constitutional government to which ' expression bad been given by tho bon. (bo Attarnay-Genera'. Ho did not think it was right to refer to the o irrupt days, of Pitt for precedents. They would do better by referring to what had occurred in more modern times, They had ihe example of Hr. Gladstone, who on being di.feated in committeo, on au important clause in bis Reform Bill, at once retired from office. He obalteng'd the Government to show that il was (he praoiice in the mother country for ono Miris'er to in- terfere with the business of another, or that a Govern- ment had ever continued to retain ofllco alter being defeated on an important mensuro introduced to Par- liament by its leader, nnless it was supported by an appeal to the country. Tho present Government had sustained six defeats on important measures, and yet continued to remain in office while it had been hold by tho Houso in the ca io of the Forster Government that it was bound to retire on its being defeated on only ons measure, . which bsd refcrenco to the constitution of tbe Upper House. Tho defeat of the Forster Government «ns of a very different character to tho series of defeats which had bean sustained by the p-eseot Government. No previous notioe was given to the Forster Government of tho motion which resulted in ii s being expelled from office on account of its previous defeat on tho Upper House Bill. The present Govornment was defeated on the great quoslion of the railway lian, the importance of which was acknowledged by tho hon. the Attorney-General, by whom it was introduced. Tho Government had been defeated-first, on the pro- posal to borrow l h reo millions for railway purposes; Becond, on tho proposed alteration in tho practice ot dealing with tho banks; third,on tho proposal to ex- tend tho Southern railway from Goulburn to Murrum- bidgee; aad fouitb, on tho question of extending the titree great lines of railway. They had also been defeated on their Land Bill, which proposed to deal with tho alienation and occupation of land, and als* with tho question of immigration. Tho House would not trust tba Government so far as to allow it to KO into committeo on their Land Bill, the most import- ant matter they could toko up, although the Govern- ment had expressed its willingness to accept any amendments in committee. The House had thus already expressed its withdrawal of confidence from the Government, and be maintained that it Bhould support the motion now nader considera ¡on, and show that it desired to preserve intact tho institution of responsible government, for which tho peoplo had contended for upwards of twenty years baforo they oituincd if. Mr. lia kn moved, as aa addi.ion to tho resolution, that it be communicated by address to tho Governor. Ho condemned the purchase by tbe Oolonial Secretary, without competition, of the Vernon, which he said had cost the coontry £7000 to £8000. He also disapproved of tho purchase by the Minister for Works of a steamer tor which no vote bud been obtained from tho House, and contended that tho Government did not deserve the confidence of thc Ilouec. Mr. PARKI-s said the Government had no reason to complain of the motion of the hon. member for the Clarence, which waa unexceptionable in ¡IB terms; nor yet did thoy at all ques'ion the right of tint hon. gentleman to introduce it. Tho hon. member bad, however, ia his speech, misrepresented tho ol-ject ot tho Attorney General in referring to the precedents created ia tbs timo of Mr. Pitt, which wer not quoted for tho guidance of tho House, but. to show the practice of that period The hon. member Iud inconsiderate'y challenged the Government to show an instance in which a Govern- ment continued to retain ellice after euetoir.ing a defeat on an important bill. A dozen of such instances could be cited. There could not bo n ehadow of doubt that it was in ocordance with tba principles of consritut ional Government to do en. For example, the Melbourne Government, after tho ora of tho Heform Bid, sustained upwards ot 100 defeats, and yt t did not resign. Tbe history of con>ti'U'ianat government showed that defeat on a mta»ure was not necessarily follswr-d by ren'gnntion. It »as for Ministers themselves to deter- mine whoihor the mensuro upon which tboy were defeated was of sufficient importance to call for their resigna ion. Thc measure might not bo one the 1-ea of which would interfere w:th thoir carrying on the Government of tho country beneficially. 'J he resignation of Mr. Gltdstono, to which reference had been mudo, had boen cun demnod by his party In 18-11 Lord John Russoll was dr fi atod on a resolution to increase tho revenue to tho «xtent of seven millions by tho sugar duties, no' wi hetnnding which the Government ol which bo was u member neither resigned nor was taunted by tho Opposition for not Deigning, Ho felt that the Government po-eessed tho confidence of tho Houso ntd of tho country, and thai they would not be justified at this peculiar juncture in abandoning their place s. If tho Opposition thought diflenntir it was in their power to take issue w.ih thom through the motion now under consideration. lio acknowledged lhat the Government had been defeated on tho Land B ll, owing to tho new method of appraising lite runs which it con- tained. They aero not defeated on their motion to borro* money for tho completion of tho railways. They were only defeated on tho proposal to extend the Southern lino frem Goulburn to Murrami idgee The busiuees of the Houeo had not been Inken ont of their hands, os was tho caso wi'li tho Robeitson Government, from day to day in 1851, from ibo 20tb October to tho Olh November, after tho amendment of Mr. Hoy in tho mutt vital principle of tba land bill had bern curried. Tho Government desired to conform to the ^institution of tho country, and bsd ni t y ot received any ovidi ace that they had lost thc confidence of cither the House or nf tho country. Mr. MAOPUKKSON replied to tho speech of Mr. ParkoB, and »»id it was apparent that tho Government was much weaker than it was a yea' previously. Thoy then said they would resign offico on being defeated on their measures, bul it now opp,and tbat they would wait fur a direct and anmistukoblo volo of coneure. He quoted extracts from tho speeohes of the Colonial Secrutary. A'torney- Geiien.l, and Or. Lunir, on tito motion which led to tba resignation of tho Fötaler Ministry to show that they theo expressed opinions in favour of tho viow that a Government should resign or advise a dissolution of Pailiament on being defeated on an important meaeuro Mr. riDPiNOTON defended tho courBO taken by tho Government, which be contended was justified by the precedents oi-tiililislied in I1 nt laud during tho adminis- tra lion s of the Duke of Wellington, Sir lt. Peel, and ol her eminent Bta'csmon, which h<d been repeatedly defeated before thry advised a dissolution of Patlta munt. Tho practue bjd been carried to a greater lonatb in this colony. Thc Cowper Government had been often defoitod on tho echemca for raising eddi. tional revenue by increased taxation, and oven adopted tho polioy of its opponents wbilo it all tho while carried on the bui-ineca of the country wilhnut lot or hindrance, lt wes »Iso defeated on tho Fencing Bill, and introduced some 10 measuies for dealing with thc Municipal law, Elementary education, Impoundirg, and other impoit«nt mutters which it allowed to be dis chained from thugai er. Mr t-'AUUELL contended that as thc Government bad' been deleted an its Land law and Railwy Loan scheme, it onjbt to give way. 'J hero would ba a deficiency in tho rovenuo at tho end of tho year for which no providion had l een made. The debato was ai journed on tho motion of Dr. LA no, lill to-Jay (.Friday). Tb» Houso thin adjourned at twenty-three miun.es past ll, to S p.m. thia day (Fi ¡day). .ABYSSINIA appears destined ore many months buvo elapso*), to bo tho theatre of a very important contest-tho combatants being tim bnrbarouB hordes of a barbarous ruler, and tho troops of the Queen of England, on-t tho question to be decided will bo whether his Majesty King THEODORE shnll bo per- mitted to retain in pribon certain British sub- jects, in defiance of tho earnest appeals of linglnud for thoir release Tho movements ol' tho expedition will bo watched with inoio than common interest ; indeed a very con- siderable uinouut of well grounded anxiety will no doubt Le felt Ar their ultimate success if not safety. At present, all tbe information we have of (he oonntry through which tho troops will lave to mako their woy is exceedingly scanty and vague, sad of the number UM flbar«c4«r «( ibo «o«my tney will Lave to encounter there is 'cosa pnratîve:y nothing known. If, therefore, the same success whiolt bas boon tho rule W'tb tho British arras in other ports of the world should, unhappily, not fo.low them in this instance, tho moat serious results may bc an- ticipated. To Bcmi-savngos like tho Abys sinians, whose only pay iu plunder wbon lbd by suoh a roan as King THEODORE, who is, even by bis friends, spoken of as of a most ungovernable and passionate dis- position, the signal of the defeat of their enemies would bo tbat of wholesalo massaoro, and probably few, if any, would be spared to toll of their defeat. Under such circum- stances, the expedition, wbiah will consist of about twelve thousand ' men of all arm?, appears very small, and inadequate to tho severe duty it may be called upon to perform ; tho more so, as a very considerable portion will have to be detaobed in ordor to keep open the communication with tho sen board, and for the escort of supplies to the army in the field. There are many who ask why all this risk of lifo should bo inourrcd-why England should go to the expensa of sending an armed forco to demand the relcaso of mon who had offended against the laws of tho country. And some question the right of England to interfere with bis Abyssinian jUnjesty in thogovernment of h is own kingdom. Fur years past, the nations of Europe have been losing sight of what is generally regarded as right and justice, ia the high cstimato at- tached to what is considered politio, and most likely to benefit mankind ucncrally, and it is in this lij<ht that tho affair of the British captives in Ahyssinia should bo viewed ; but apart from this view of the question, it must be borne in mind that one of the captives, Captuiu CAMERON,ÍS the Consulof her Majesty, and is answerable only to tho English Govern- ment for bis conduct, and not to King THEODORE. When the British demanded the release of tho Consul, tho names of all tba other prisoners wcro included. It is there- fore on his account the demand was made, and should have been rospeeted. It was uot, and England is in duty to ono of ber servants bound to enforce it. So that irrespective of political interests the course whioh the English Government has adoptad must bc regarded as far more just than was the caso in other instances which havo taken place of late years and ended in war. In a political sense, tho expedition may prove to be tho pioneer of much good, pro- viding it bo the means of subduing thc turbulent spirit of the Abyssinian Monarch, and teaching him to respect foreigners, whether traders or travellers. Ho may mako these and many more concessions so soon as he finds that tho invading force has landed on his shores. If not, and he should toko thc field against the English forces, thc pro- bability is that bc will suffer defeat, with the ultimate loss of a large portion of Iii-« dominions. If success attends the British arms, whether the termination of hostilities be oeoisioned by THEODORES submission or his defeat, the result must be of great benefit to England, and to the world generally. It will ho tho means of opening a trad o with the regions of Central Africa of which wo know little or nothing at present, excepting that they are densely populated, and that a considerable traffic is parried on by caravans from the north. In faotitis impossible to specu- late upon thc good which may result from this attempt nt seeing moro of King THEODORE'S dominions, nor is it at all probable that thc inhabitants themselves will be any tho worse for becoming more intimate with Europeans and their customs. In a military point of view, the possession of a portion of the seaboard of Ahyssinia would be of very great vnlue to England, as it would give her more command over tho Red Sea than she hos at present, and not only greatly strengthen ber influence in the East gene- rally, but be a check to any attempts mode by France to add to her p sscssious in the North, and a good " balance' to the power which sbo has obtained by tho Suez Canal. Kcvor perhaps has so small a force left thc British shores, from whoso success so much is to be hoped, and in whoso fuilurc so much is to bo feared. Its career will be watched with great anxiety, not only by Englishmen, but hy every well-wisher of civilisation and progress. ' THE LATE Fins iir QEOJOI-BTBÏET.-An inquiry will bs made this morning, at 10 o'clock, before tho U'y Coroner, at bis cfflep, Hyde Perk, concerning the origin of the late tiro which took place on Tuesday night, on the premises of Ur, Abraham Abraham, hosier, George-street. All jurors and witnesses sum- moned are requested to bo punctual ia their at- tendance. ACCIDENTAL DEATH.-Tho Cily Coroner held an in« quo-t yesterday, ot the Hising bun Inn, Cnn toi bury, on tho body of n man narmd Isaac Dross. From tho evi iVnco it appeared that the decooeod and a man named Monk wore carting 'buy on Wednesday last. They wero carrying the l«st load, the deceased on the top of the hay, and Monk leading the horse. On arriving at thet ned, it b ing hulf- paat 1 o'clock, they propnead that thoy should bavo dinner before unloading. Accordingly, tho decsaaed threw down a bundle of hay for ibo boree to feid, and Monk, after putting it in front of tho boree, took off tho winkers, when immediately the liorae liokod mund and bolted. After guin>; about a dozen yards tho wheel of the dray came in contact with ibo gate-post, and the deceased waa (brown violently to the ground. Ho was talion up, apparently lifeless, and removed into the shed, where lie was attended by Dr. Hat lock, and afterwards removed to his own house. The d. ceased was a native of Ireland, between Glty and sixty years of age. Ur. Haylock stated that whtn ha arrived life was extinct, but tho body was «lill warm; he found upon examination that the nek bad been broken ; ibero wss also a bruiea on thef orehead, Yerdiot- Accidental death." ALAUM OP FISK.-About 8 o'clock last night con¿ siderui'lo excitement was created in Pitt-street by tho sudden appearance of a large body of smoke issuing:, ai'parenlb, from the rouf of the premises occupied by Mr. Wetherill. This was soon followod by a con- siderable amount of flame, and it could then ba pcrcaived that it WOB only a chimney on Ore, and hy t'.o t floris ot so rn» persons on the roof the flro waa soon extinguished. The uluma, however, caused the sudden cloting of tho adjoining shape, and a feeling of uneaeinres, consequent upon eo many recent fires, continued to bo felt in tho neighbourhood du.ing the rest of the evening. ACCIDENT BT LIGHTNING.-We sro glad to bo en- abled to BlUi thut the accident hy lightning at Randwick on Tueedsy bas not erminoted fatally as was at first reported. Mr. South was Btruck sense Iocs, and it was supposed et first ihal be was (Juaj-t,ut ho afterwards recovered consciousness and was not sertuu-ly inj und beyond tho shok to his st stem, A tin can ur bucket whioh he waa carry- ing a't thu limo tad its bottom perforated by tho lightn- ing, and altogether Mr. Soul h 8 oeoapo with lile was lttllo less than miraculous. Several other perrons received a-severe shook at the same timo, but in no case was tho iujury fatul. FaiKCE or WALES TIIKATRE.-The ballet and dra* mutio corapjnieB at thia theatre continue to etlract tolerably full houses, and the performasces, especially those of the Lehman Family, are extremely elegant and successful. To night Mr. Haslam, for whose benefit tho performances are announced, will perforai somo extraordinary feats on the flying trapeze, turning a double eometsault in bisdesctnt from a stupendous height in one of his numerous aid daring acts of Zampilleerostutioo. t" Pic- NIC.-A number of young ladles and gentlemen rrocttdrd from tho Burrangong Holli yesterday, ia four omnibuses, to bold their annual picnic at Boinny, where a variety of cut door eporiB and amu-rmenta wero indulged in. '1 hey returned, after cpending a tileoBanl day, at about 7 o'clock, and tesumed festivi- ties in the Uddfi Hows' Hall, Suesex-Btreet, wbero they had a ball and supper, Dancing was kept up until post 2 o'clock this morning, when tho company separated, thoroughly weatied, but much phased with tho day's recreation. BOYAL ViCToniA THEATK":.- To-night tho per- formances oro under thu patronado of his Excellency the Governor and Lady Young, when tho eminent tragedian Mr, James Andersun will routat hi* cele- brated pcrlormance of Claude Melnotte, in Bulwer'! play, " Tho Lady of Lycns." Ho will afterwards purform 1'otruchio, in bhukepere's comedy, "Tho Ta m i i. fr of the bm cw." Mrs. Robert Heir will ulso appear ca Pauiino Lt, seh» pel lea and Katherine - two eliuroctere in tillich she ia exceedingly successful and popular. An adjourned deVafo on tho But-ject, " Who is of the grviifc-st beni fit to society-the Warrior, Mates man, or l'oell'» was concluded last Monday sight, in Gibson's Rooms, The warrior stood the lowest ia ibo esi imntion of the class. Alter a warm dtacueaion betweon the supporters of the poet and tho statesman, it wua carried by a majority of one tbut the etoteBmna is of the greatest bent lit to codi ty. After tho dubai» it waa proposed, seconded, and cai ried tbat the next subject for debate i-bould be, " Was America justified in declaring ila iudrpendence 1" Tho class scumed to ba almost i qua Hy divided upon this subject, so tbat a warm debate may bo expected, lt fa* announced that a lecturo upon " Celebrated Men " would shortly be given. THE INDUSTBIIL Scnoor.,-Between 8 and 0 o'clock on Sunday evening lu-1, loud screams wero hea'd in tho Industrial School, and eomo anxiety wes manifested by the general public to know the cause of the scream- ing which, for a few rainut 's, wa« exceedingly loud and violent. Moat of the people who heard it fancied thatr the (jirls were oitbi r fighting amongst themselves, or elso thut thoy wero getting punished at the inBtacco of the matron. Neither puppositinns were ia the rrmnttes degree correct Wo havo ascertained on undoubted authority, that the sole causo of tho outcry was sheer devilment on the part of some seven or eight of the ».i¡ls who were located together in one of the dor- mitories. Direr t'y Mrs. King board tbo screamin;, ebo hurried to where it proceeded from, and inquired tho cause, frho was inlnrmed by the offenders thst '?There was a man or a ghost under one of the bede,' and that they had screamed because they were afraid. After giving tho girla a eovere rebuke for their unruly behaviour, and threatening them with much worse consequences if they did not remain quiet, Mrs. King left, ond, we need scarcely o.Id, the " ghost" gave tbs "young ladies" no further trouble. Considering tho class of characters Mrs, King has to deal with, it surprises ns bow she manages to keep them so orderly and well-behaved os she does.-Newcastle Chronicle. Tnti WHEAT CHOPS ut THE MÜDOEB DISTRICT. The wheat ernp-t ara reported to look better this year than for many yea's past, and little fears oro exprcsatd for ruPt, it having been remarked in this district that when the leaf hoars a vpry dark tinge it is very rarely rift appears, borne complaints ara modo touching tho nlague of caterpillars in tho lucerne, and upon tha Burrundulla flats thoy have done some rn tech ie f. Their attnekp, howover. wo are find to say, have hitherto been only pnrrial. The aphis is very bad at preset.!, and tbs onhbnga tribo are suffering scvcroly Tho vines are urusuallv forward for tho period of tho season. Western Post, October 22. NARBOW FSOAFB FROM PnovflNo.-A norrow escapo from dawning i ocurren bet wem 6 and 7 o'clock last everting. It appears that a number of bots went to the river, near St. John's Church, lor tho purpose cf ei-joying a tm he, arter the excessive heat of the day. Amongst them waB a lad rtamid George Schmidt, who, mUtukintj a deep spot for sin How wa-cr, got ont, of his epth, a'd hud to struitglo for life. Fortunately, a lome companion, named James Curran, poroei «ed tbs danger in which Bohmidt waa plaoid, and ext- nding the end of a erutcb lo bim, which he graspod, msnsgod to lund bim lately.-Maitland Jbueign, October US. Pifcnvsnv op m ANCIENT IVHIBST AI HULL -In the couran of tliu (xciivn'iina at tho Went Duck wot ks, opposito Messrs liurlu'i cement works, ibo navvies have cuino upnn a stratum of dark roil, in which n numbor of tree-Bin botizoutsl pneitiun wre mat with. Tboy aro oak, end in rxco h ut coi rii.icn, and renwkably hard. Heeidos ' heso iuteresiinj* remains of a long past agc, a large number nf acorns and hnznl nu s were lound, sud Borne orB'ir nud muriel phillp. Thed's o ivt-rj i*the more interestlns to geejoxistp, seeing that troos w ro found at a depth of armut nineteen feet I elow tho water lino of tho river. 'J he wood was of a simi'ar na ure io that found when thc Victoria Dock lixtensiou »eb in progress, and gm s fur t-> provo tho correctness of the sunpuEiiiuii tbat llililerncBB and ibis part of the ? iver were unco covered nilli a dense Ibrebf, The trece ut tho Victoria Dork wero found at about tho same di pth. Several eminent (¿et logia a have visited the \V> st Pook and esum'ned tho wood and the »¡round. Many gentlemen haw scouted pipe a of the oak and hsd fancy ai til lr-» made out ot it. The oyster shells era cbntnulerlaid as very murli hinter than ¿hote ordinarily .eon, bnl BO iemtis* ot vthtr Cab were found. 