COUNTRY NEWS. !:[From our Country Correspondents.] (xAWLER. December 26. The , Christmas examination of the Sti George's Schools took place on Tuesday, 17th instant. The examiners were ,the: Rev,. J.= Gordon, Rev. C. J. Evans, Messrs. Burkit, T, : O. Jones, "Wright, &c.; The boys showed a steady advancement under Mr. Burton, who. has so., longl maintained the character of his school. Their answers in the various branches were; ; very; satisfactory. " The, girls also, : under the tuition of Miss Philipson, showed some good work in sewing and other branches to the ; satisfaction of -the lady examiners. After the examination several of the parents of the scholars, and gentlemen of the town, met at' Mr. Burton's "residence, and partook of an excellent spread; and afterwards drank to the health of Mr. Burton, the.master of St. George's Schobl. Expressions . of satisfaction with Mr. Barton's teaching were given by. many present. Other toasts were given, and responded to,, and after an hour or two's enjoyment the party broke: up.-QnSunday, December 22, services were heldin in Sti George's Church on behalf of the Sunday school, in connection therewith. The Rev. Cafioii Farr, of St. Peter's, preached an .ex cellent sermon in the morning, and the Rev. J. J.; Smyth,, of; Kapunda, in the evening. The congregations were very good, and collections also.; On Monday a public tea meeting was held in St.; George's School room, and a great deal of most excellent provisions was; provided by the ladie3 of the , congregation. Considering the busy time of the , year a goodly number were present, and thoroughly: enjoyed themselves. In the evening a lecture and en tertainment was; given , in St. George's School room," the Rev. Canon Coombs in the chair. The1 Rev. Canon Russell .gave his lecture on "Ghosts." The Secretary, Mr. Wm. Manson, gave a short report of the school, from which we gather there are 224 children on the books, and 22 teachers, whose attendance i3 generally pretty regular. There, is a library of over 6CK) volumes. The behaviour of the children, is good.1 Addresses were given by Mr. T. O. Jones, Superintendent, and Mr. E. Dixon, i Mr. Rus sell's lecture was . listened to with, great atten tion, and the lecturer was accorded a vote of thanks. The choir sang some, of the nicest music we have heard in Gawler, and; really there are some very fine., voices, among, them. Votesof thanks to the ladies, choir, and chair man closed the meeting. There ,wa3 a. large number present, the . proceeds -amounting to about £25. Christmas Day had the advantage this year , of very fine weather,. and a great number of people took , advantage' of it, and went excursioning. Others went to various places of worship. The day was entirely .set apart from labor, and but: for the depression'' existing at present, the enjoymentwould have been greater. : ■--.O'l Condensing Power of: the Lungs.—The Medical Times a&d; Gazette says Dr. Richardson; in carrying out his researches on the bichloride; of mythyline, has been led into a new enquiry— as to the: condensing power of the pulmonary surfaces for gases and vapors. He believes that all gases and vapors which enter the'blood by the lungs are condensed by the pulmonary sur face into a liquid state previous to absorption, and this physiological result he finds in curious accordance with the facts brought to light by Professor. Graham on the condensation of gases by platinum and colloidal substances. If the condensing power of ' the lungs be proved it will afford an explanation of some interesting and difficult physiological problems. Current Literature.—" Books in the run ning brooks." • ••■• / '" 