(Cotr.rPSE or A iBARtnSTm.--':r. Sallts tl:. t, tllowins g stary :-I re:nerrber hear ing of a erntlemar, a b.-rirv>r, i.e;c to:l?, to "getting up csi "' bet:vcen dlinner and bedltinl, vh uo Wa inis te to spend a cr p!e of dats down in Yorkhire with a worth) -quire, M.P. for a irlineg, and a great author:ty on all ogricultural matt, r-. S ere the invited guest stepl ed into the train at Kirng's Cross, he providel hi. -i t with ire volume of the " E:.c cl,, hccl. 3ri tan lica" cotlainitnlg ?re irtile " Agriculture," and with Stiphen, aril Cairi, aind J tir Tull, :ld " Our Farm of Four Acres." \\\ithl there invaluable treatises he cr rtumed hitn selt ftr a coupl, of huunired mile', and by the time the Train reached York he almost ran over with deep drainage sub-sailing, liquid manure, rotation ot crops, and sliced mangold wurzel. lIis first dinner wv.s a great success. Ills host was delighted. Never, hlie sai 1, had he met with a person so th:lroaghly well-intorined on agricultr.il matters. lie insisted that his guest shou?! prolong his stay to a weak at lea-t, and in an etil hour the barri-ter consented. The great county families were invited to meet him. Tihere came the celebrated Protectioni-t, Sir Bos B;vis, Bart, Mr. Sheepskin, the emi nent conveyancer from Donca-ter, wh, has made thousands of broad acres change hands and old Lady Acres, of Pomona Court who presents a new smock frock once in every five years to the bold peasant w'?o has been hedging and ditching for half a century, and has brought up a family of no less thian nine children in the principles of the- Church of England, and without recei;i: g parochial relief. With these came the eminent philan thropist, Mdr. Oates, of Titus Park, who, out of his great bounty, " Luilt a new bridge at the cost of the county;" and the rector of Lambswool Parra, with all the Miss Rams bottoms. They were all eager to hear the bril:i smt London barrister, who knew so much about farming. Unhappily. he had left the Encyclopadia-, and Jlethro Tnll, and the rest in the railway carriage, and in the course of three days, woeful to relate, the cram had all got out of ,him. At the state dinner he hadn't a word to say about pigs; broke down altogether on steam ploughs; and on going out the next morning on horseback, didn't know wheat from barley. I neednotsay that lis repu tation collapsed dismally, and that he ever afterwards eschewed the Northern Circuit. IN RICIItIOND PAISON DURING TIIL LVAi. -There were several gas-burners in the room, which were allowed to burn at full flow until 10 o'clock, when the order was given by the officer of the night, "Lights out!" Then the prisoners were required to turn off all but one, which was left dimly burning. One night, by mutual agreement, all the prisoners lay down and apparently fell asleep with every light in fuIl flov. At 10 o'clock the usual order was given, "Lights out !" No one stirred. The requisition was sternly repeated. As well give orders to the slumberers in the graveyard, their feigned sleep was so profound. A lieutenant was on duty whose kindness of heart, it was well mnown, would permit of no rash act. lie was enibarrassed to know what to do in view olf this strange insubardination. Such obli vious and stentorian sleep had never been witnessed in the iprison before. After a little delay the lieutenant brought in a squad oI soldiers, and the order was given, " Put out those lights, or take the consequances l" Still not a muscle moved. The order was repeated, " Put out those lights, or in two minutes the guard will fire upon you!" There was such silence that the ticking of a watch, which the lieutenant held in his hand, could be almost heard as the two minutes glided swiftly away. The order, " Make ready I" was given. Every m:sket was brought to the shoulder. Still not a prisoner moved. They all knew that a kind heart throbbed in the bosom of the lieutenant. There was a moment's pause ; a brief con sultation with the guard, and then a corporal of the guard went round and turnedl off the burners. Soon a suppressed titter was heard among the prisoners, then a 1 ugh which was followed by burst after burst of such hearty ID.j, that ali :he c tlves in the adjoining a "r!-,, .er- a '-: J, an 1 the prison guard, S; in ! .- o .. t : 2 L :- - i-cr so-iil he-dih o rJe. "u 1'Ut out . l..ut f re it 'x::t -.:n l t w , a .a vc J . r : c n ex t n.'o v te pT! ::eT-'r tre conau~r:eqel ou i rv p.--it: ceri.liU-d ai tOitInoi'2.3 a' a :..:tv i -' ..I t r:* e. 'T i r e e w v av l th - rI.r co .iu ,;a: St a,' ' t ie o theer f, an f:.,the pr,.?:'r:; th'r; ard an. blew out eac.u ber woil e. th. ordr.l ; Putr d,out thver pri*hts intr a .t ," w, as the l ster j!nt mak I veroy: p.rs j cin.ld sied exaclotinll?'s a aer?, vn i do 'Ie t yts. tuern off the was? DonrI omutati' a- t he ight i' Anothir, laok i:.1 uP .1, tpI fhrard an bldo't out eany ahini:, .at tj; he wgs streisnd do u in th 'lie r) ni. " 'e reveul offi t r do for every 11.n ; a d - , 2 - s- ,ff )n atz! ". O ne of the pri--orer, wit i a yawn, as though just wak ini lrii -. a prtforn a sleepr, exclai-e' " Say, -iere,ng c r to tr d uan aturn onff the astl until tiac! light iae :ijt Another, looa k ing up, said,e cou" h, he don't ki- n any thinr apbout gas t;e was raisrd do a:in trhe tlca ofps." The redel offizr centinued . to i;ik his way amonppi g their prtea, in sleepcir taking c ,re to tread upon as may as possible until L.ach light wai blown out. la a fewv nminutcs the roam was filled with the escapinz gas, and the coughini, hatf-strangled pri -,,,ers sprung to thie gas-burners aanI turned then off. 'T'he guard now com:nenced iag - ing, clapping their hand1s, stamping tiscir feet, and pounding the fhor with the;i iaI: ket,, uiNtil in the exce-c of their delight at h-ivi g " ouit-w? ted thle Yankees." they crested a clamour wiziLi:. ex.':c ! :d thIc of the preceding tc.;ht.-" l1er.i: Dees uf Ite,',ic Men," in Hlar~er's New .iont'ldy .lay.izine. A man, living at a village near N.oibile, at te.:i ted :o fri tlctln so.iie girls uy ;r Sppinlr a white il'jil a;round his body3, and , .r.-o:iting a ,gho.t. All ran but o:n, who palled out a revolver, and fired six balls in:o the head and body. At the lir-t shot the ghost f.ll, but the continued tiring. ~he then went hine and related the c.rcumitance, and partics retutuing to the spot found life extinct, two balls having penetrated the forehead, and the other four the region of the heart. In the town ef West Ilo'oken resides an old lady, blind, crippled, and suffering for the necessaries of life. She is tha niece of Oliver Goldsmith. Her father was the brother of Oliver, and his junior by ten years. He was mni.rried in the \West Indies at the age of forty-two. Mrs. Ianson was his third child. She was married to Mr. John T. ilason i: 1806. A young French woman on her matrimonial trip, but a week old, was ,recently arrested by a vigilant officer < f Prussia, as she was unable to pronounce her own name when she was asked for hlr passport, and suspicion was arolse.d as she coild not explain or would not. She was detained nntil the arri vril ol her lusband, whose name was Baron de Vandienpendaebrocck. AD~.-Fo!ll:ery's' 'Ointment and Pil'. Uuptrllll-d3 P'opularity.-Tlhe wonderful cures effected by tie C- unequailled ritmdýes in all parts of lhe woil hntve won for thcni their preosu fLv-iY . LIoth ['ij' antd Ginmatnt nrr comp sed of Ii.rediurs r!.ich p-irif" at the samie time tliat llhey tren.-thnll. No one cn dsny that health d.p-ni. i, ~ p:ire bload ?in thel natuial aciion of the ,; mi:: : or'ans. loth oljeers are effrc'ed wiih .lt :t r daligir by 11olloway's mnedict ulintls, wh c ar* aa aunocen its tliey are i otent. Interi.al ...s 'r rs al d ex.te nai Ll i ?i~ succu lb to th ir pli '.r. 