TOPICS OF THE DAY. We are sorry to learn that the Rev. Mr. Manghan is confined to his bed with a sprained ankle, occasioned by his foot slipping off a stone. There can be little doubt as to the capabilities of the No. 1 dredge being able to tear up the limestone cruet Yesterday an immense boulder, weighing at least six hundred weight, was landed at the Port; its measure was about 18 inches in depth. The annual Sunday-school treat in con nection with St. Mary's Church, South-road, took place on Easter Monday in Mr. 5. W. McDonald's picturesque grounds; a considerable nxnnber of the congregation were present. After the children had indulged in a variety of games and had a plentiful tea, Me W. A. Hughes kindly distributed the prizes, which closed the proceedings of a very pleasantly spent after noon. The four-act drama "Never Too Late to Mend" was repeated at the Victoria Theatre on Wednesday evening, the entertainment con cluding with the comic ballet " The Ghost of the Village," into which was introduced some excellent dancing by Mr. J. B. Edouinaod Hisses Earl and Woods. A hornpipe by the latter young lady was encored. To-night is announced as a grand fashionable night, under the patron age of His Excellency the Governor, when "Love's Sacrifice" and tie burlesque "La Sonnambula" will constitute the programme. On Wednesday evening, Mi-, and Mrs. Case gave their farewell entertainment at White's Booms, undo: the patronage of His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, Major Vivian, Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo, the Mayor of Ade laide, and other leading colonists. The room was crowded, and the performances were greatly applauded. Each lady and gentleman in the reserve seats was presented with a carle de visite of Mrs. Case, which will doubtless long be cherished as a souvenir of a lady who has made many evenings in Adelaide pleasant in spite of all the dull times. On Wednesday, the Sunday-school in connection with Trinity Church, held their annual festival at Oakhanks, on the grounds of Mr. Crozier, which had been kindly lent for the occasion. The party numbering upwards of 300, with their teachers and friends, started in the morning in seven of Hill & Co.'s vans and an omnibus. On reaching Oakbanks the vans were vacated, and the children entered into the various games with great zeaL The party re turned to the schoolroom shortly after 4 o'clock, where a very excellent tea was provided. A tea meeting will be held in the schoolroom this evening. The following tenders have been re ceived at the office of the Engineer and Archi tect:—For additions, alterations, &c;, to Court- House and Police-Station, also verandah to Cu?tom-Hoose, Goolwa —A. Schroder, £635 95.; Usher & Keid, £847; W. Baker, £867 (accepted); G. Sara and Sons, £924; T. Martin,£92G 10s. 4d.: T. Dowland, £986; T. Dowland, £1,048. For fencing rain- water tank and sundry work? at Court-House, Moonta—T. E. Heath, £225 (ac cepted) ;J. Beaglehole, £267 10s.; W. Square, £368 145.; E. De Garis, £288 125.; W, Ban cock, £330; W. Francis, £368; R. Anderson, £289 10s. For erecting verandah and sundry works at Telegraph-Station, Willunga—G. Sara and Sons, £71 ss. (accepted); G. Cheeseman, £87 Bs. 51 ; John Ricfaards, £122 10a. For erecting volunteer drill shed near Police Bar racks—W. Lines, £313 17s. (withdrawn); Thos. Hall, £770 (accepted); W. F. Gray, £805 ; Tapson & Niesche, £810; C. Farr, £814; W. Baker. £829: Brown & Thompson, £845 7s. 10d.; Josh. Turner, £989; W. Periam, £L,028 7s. A Wallaroo correspondent writes as follows:—"As the Wallaroo Times remarked, the burning coal heap was truly one of the 'lions of Wallaroo.' On Sunday parties from Moonta and Cadina came and brought their provisions with them, camping al fresco on the rising ground opposite the coal heap. A number of miners from the Wallaroo mines were sent down to relieve the ordinary laborers in remov ing the burning coals; and they made a good show in the work they got through. A long line of pipes had been arranged to pump water from the sea, by means of the 'crusher' steam engine, and a constant stream being directed over the burning mass the workmen were enabled to work with more comfort and less risk. The fire was at last got under, but up to Monday night can hardly be said to be thoroughly cxt:nguished. Relays of men have been at work night and day for several days past, and probably 1,000 tons will have been destroyed. At times the flames and smoke were considerable, but not so extensive as might have been supposed." The following is a comparative state ment of transactions in the Lands Titl Offi for the month of April:— On Wednesday evening an unusual en tertainment took place at the Lunatic Asylum, On that evening, about 80 of the inmates—male and female—or nearly one-fourth of the house hold were assembled together in a. new room which has jurt been erected for the purposes of a male dormitory. Dancing was engaged in by a number of the inmates and a few visitors who had been invited. In addition to dancing, several songs were given by lady visitors and. some of the inmates, and one or two recitations were delivered by gentlemen present. The dancing, music, singing, and recitations, seemed all to be highly appreciated by the unfortu nate inmates. The decorum and luietness of the patients would have done credit to even a sane audience, and indeed had we beem asked into the room unaware of the character of those present, we should most certainly have Ima gined we were in the company of sane people, except in such instances as where dementias or idiocy were shown in the face. Dr. Paterson, the Resident Mfl'"^ Officer, thinks that such meetings as these have a very beneficial influence upon the inmates. They may not, be says, have any directly curative effect, but they do much to ameliorate the sad condition of the unfortunate people who are confined within the walls of the Asylum, and whose dreary monotonous life is unbroken except on such occasions as these. We regret to hear that there is no accommodation by which these entertainments can be continued. The room in which the proceedings we have referred to transpired is to be occupied to-night, we believe, as a men's dormitory, and there is no other apartment in which such an entertain ment can be given. These pleasant gatherings can therefore only occasionally take place, as it will cause much inconvenience to dear the room whenever it is wanted. It is a pity that a room fit for this purpose is not built, because any thing to alleviate the sad condition of these poor creatures ought in the interests of humanity and charity to be done. The anniversary services in connection with the Qoeenstown Primitive Methodist Sab "bath-schools were commenced on Sunday, the 28th April, when three sermons were preached to deeply-interested and attentive congregations by the Rev. J. Branthwaite—in the morning, from Isaiah 32nd chapter and 15th veise. The afternoon's text was the 14th verse of the sth chapter of St. Luke; and the evening's discourse was founded upon the Ist chapter of St. Paul's Ist Epistle to the Corinthians. At intervals during the day the children recited several pieces of poetry, &c;, in a. very creditable manner. At 4 p.m_ on Monday, the 29th April, the children were regaled with tea, cake, &c;, and seemed to thoroughly enjoy the good things provided for them. At 6 o'clock the usual adult tea took place, and was well at tended. At 7.30 p.m. a public meeting was held in the chapel, over which Mr. F. Verrier, the respected Superintendent of the school, was unanimously called to pieside. The pro ceedings were opened with prayer, and the Chairman, in the absence of the Secretary, then read the report, from which it appeared that the number of scholars at the last anni versary was 70, with four teachers. The number now on the books is 78, teachers same as last year, showing an increase of eight scholars, but no corresponding increasa of teachers. The average attendance during the year was 51, and the children had conducted themselves well, some of them showing by their seriousness and attention that they duly appreciated the efforts made by the teachers to bring them to a, know ledge of the truth as it is in Jesus. lost year's anniversary services had given them the sum of £1218s. 3d., and the expenditure had amounted to £1117s. 3d., leaving a balance of £1 Is. 6d. in the Treasurer's hands. Mr. Johnson (lien addressed the meeting, appealing in feeling terms to those assembled to support fay their prayers and contributions the great object for which Sabbath-schools had been established, viz., the advancement of the Bedeemer's king dom, and the overthrow of Satan, and all his devices. Mr. Switzer followed, and in a. few appropriate words ably seconded the remarks of the previous speaker. The Chairman then called upon the Bey. J. Brantfawaite, who, on rising, expressed his gratification at witnessing so good a muster of the friends of the cause as were present that evening, end then in an earnest and telling speech the rev. gentleman proceeded to impress upon his bearers the importance of early religious training, interspersing bis re marks with several anecdotes bearing upon the subject in question, and affectionately appealing to the audience to support, by all the means in their power, the institution of Sabbath-schools. The collection was then made, and the meeting closed with prayer and singing, highly pleased with the evening's proceedings. The total amouut realised by the services is £10 7s. odd, which, added to £1 Is. 6d. in Treasurer's hands, brings up the amount available for this year's expenses to about £118s. 6d. The following letter from the Barrier Banges completely sets at rest the reports so extensively circulated as to there being a. gold field there. The letter was received last Satur day by Mr. George Clarke, Green's Plains, from his son Charles, who left here about two months ago in company with Messrs. Saint and Serle: —" Barrier Banges, 18th April, 1867.—Dear Father—We arrived at the Barrier Ranges on the 12th April, and we have searched the Ranges along for more than 40 miles. We can neither find gold nor ascertain where any has been found. It is all a hoax. There has never been any gold found on the Banges. There are several parties prospecting and sinking about, but no gold has been found, nor I don't believe there ever will. It is. a miserable barren place. We are about 400 miles up from Wallaroo. There is nothing doing here. There is no work to be got of any sort. I shall start back again about the latter end of the month. We are now between Leake's and Lambert's. We are six miles from Leake's : station, and two from Lambert's station. If yon write, direct the letter to Paratoo station, and I can get it as lam coming back." We have also received the following from our Moonta correspondent:—The exit to the Bar rier Banges has now nearly ceased. I here for ward you the copy of a letter received from the so-called gold region, the authenticity of which may be relied upon. Great numbers of men have been waiting for this letter, and now it has come their ardor for migration to this locality seems to hare been damped:—"Bar rier Banges, Lambert's Station, April 18, 1867.—Dear Father—We are at present about the end of our journey. For the last week we have been travelling about just to see the place, for though all along the news has not been very encouraging, and we did not expect to hear any thing, we thought we would see the place, and at present we are at Lambert's Station, and have passed Campbell's Creek, where some men have been trying for the gold. We hear that a great number of men have been here, and at present there is a party of four men from Wallaroo, four more with packhorses, five more we left behind at Mr. Whiting's station a few days ago. The two men that went with us when we left the Borra returned last Friday, carrying their swags with them on their backs. There were two men at Whiting's station, who said they had been here a fortnight, and have sunk a few holes without success, and they had seen a party of men from Mount Murchison, who said they had got three specks of gold there, but they could not show them. After we have given the horses a rest I suppose we shall return. One man will take this to Whiting's, and then the mail will tbke it on to Adelaide. I should very much like to hear from you, but it will be of no use to write, for we don't know where we shall be. —John L^NDEB." We have also seen a letter from Mr.</2eoKe Saint, the news contained in it being to the same effect as the above—no gold,— WaUaroo Times. Applications 116 81 Transfers 180 156 Mortgages 138 175 Lfeases £5 37 Transfer of mortgages ... 4 5 Discharges 73 SI Caveats 7 4 Powers of attorney 7 2 Transfers of lease 9 7 Surrender of leases 5 5 Transmissions 9 6 Declarations of trust ... 1 1 -licences 1 2 ■Withdrawal of caveat ... 1 3 Writ — 2 Certificate of death — 2 Order of Court 1 2 Total 583 571 Fees of Office £62113 £55116 6 Value of land brought under (be Act ...£106,284 £42,336 