LIVING TOO FAST. (From Cassell's Magazine.) THREE adjectives, "Tall," "Fast," and "Loud," have grown of late to be sym- <*> bolically significant. Our American cousins talk about a pretty "tall" price, and a very " loud" smell; and some say that the daughters of Lord Hautecroix are ex ceedingly " fast" young ladies. The sig* nificance attached to these adjective*, no one can miss. The images they convey are those which carry the poetry of slang. '" Fast life " is now understood, not neces ,«arily to be a shameful life—although it carries much of that with it—but it means that kind of life which revels in excite ment, and which places its happiness in going a little beyond that modest pale which confines the great majority of man kind. It means, moreover, that a man or woman lives too much. Some time ago a daily newspaper startled us all by an article, in which the writer sought to prove that all mankind—lawyers, parsons, traders, artists, mechanics, craftsmen, editors, astute publishers and ingenious authors, sailors, engineers or men of science—work a great deal too hard, and that a large portion of Englishmen die of brain work; but really this is an exaggeration. The writer, in deed, tried to prove this by one-sided evidence merely. Lord Macaulay—who, by the way, reached sixty—George Stephenson, Brunei and Justice Talfourd, were all cited as instances of those who, to quote Dr. Johnson on the Earl of Ro chester, have "blazed away their exist ance," having " lived too rapidly," and at an early age having exhausted the fund of life allotted to man. Now although, judg ing from the figures of M. Flourens, the French philosopher, and the analogies of Buffon, it is perhaps doubtful whether seventy years be the natural term of life, the fact is that people do not usually live beyond that time, and the average of hu man life is not half of it. But, short as it is, the majority of mankind does not consider life of such a benefit as to retain it unenjoyed. Old heads do not grow on young shoulders. The young public burns life's candle at both ends; it will turn day ' into night, and night into day, like that extraordinary Egyptian king, who, to dis appoint an oracle, which had allotted him only six years of remaining life, burnt in numerable torches, and never slept, but wandered about, and lived " fast" by night, that, by thus making two days out of one, he might prove the oracle wrong. But, fast or slow, it would seem to matter little. A community of Quakers or of monks does not necessarily boast of long lives; over-rest is as destructive as over-work, just as we shall find ever that steel rusts away much sooner than it rubs away. We may preach as we like about living, but people will do so. A good workman sticks to his work, aad will do it, whether he work too much or too little. Time is short, and art is long; but, notwithstand ing all that is said, few of us really die of over-work. Indolence is our great enemy. We need to struggle hard to conquer that Another ally of indolence is dissipation— we mean that scattering of time and means which all of us more or less indulge in—that silly waste of life which is so fatal to us all, and to which young and old have consented to give the misnomer of " fast" life; a sad mistake, for a slower existence, except that of the polypus, could not be found. Fast life is not a growth of this century. Indeed, we doubt whether in that kind of fastness we are not far below our ancestors. That was the fast time when men and women lived at a tremendous rate; went to bed at four in the morning, and rose %t two in the day; lost whole estates at cards; indulged in the natural productions of such life, the spleen, vapors, and gout; ruined their estates and constitutions in senseless en deavors to outvie each other, and sunk at last to a mere country existence, wedded to a lout whom they despised, or, followers of a fanatic, went early to prayers, devoted the whole world to perdition, and thus, to quote Swift, " sacrificed to God the devil's leavings." The lives of Cbarteris, Sir George Dashwood, honest John Wilkes, and others, were fast indeed. It is doubt ful whether the constitutions which they have left for their descendants will allow them to enjoy such a life. The dregs and bitter grouts of these old century cups re main to us. We cannot wonder that clubs and evening parties were condemned if they led to such results. Nor can we wonder if our great grandmothers should cry out against novels, when they were like those written by Mrs. Aphra Behn and Mrs. Manley, by Dr. Smollett or Mr. Kenrick. Sir Walter Scott relates a story of an old lady, who always referred with pleasure to these tales of her youth, and, whilst relating the faot that they used to be read aloud, and in company, wished to hear some that had pleased her when a girl. Her request was complied with, but 'the audience stopped their ears, and the old lady, burning with blushes, could hardly believe her eyes when she saw the copy of the book. So much had the taste changed. No wonder that with such fic tion, all fiction was forbidden. When things are at the worst they will mend; and the darkest hour is always just before the dawn; so say our proverbs, which are certain embodiments of truth. Gross im | morality cannot last for ever. Our plays ! were purified or neglected, our gamblers suppressed—without, the aid, indeed, of Lord Kenyon, who had threatened to pillory three gambling duchesses —our songs breathed something of sentiment and less of love; our pictures grew to be more i modest; our novels, after an interregnum of ghost stories and Mrs. Radcliffe's ro mances, became perfectly pure and decently historical, and have finally grown to be actually volumes of sermons. Nay, some of them are more than sermons. The author of the "Heir of Redclyffe," and those -excellent ladies who write of good curates and worthy vicars, and of clergy men's wives who are the light of the parsonage, write more high-flown, and, in fact, purer morality than that contained in the Bermoms of Sterne or Blair. " What I wish, I wish well," says a Latin motto of a certain noble house; and English morality wishes well what it does wish. So does the French for a time. When Marat found that the court of Henry the Second was rather too vicious for him, he turned the Psalms of David into a popular metre, and the whole court sung them. Each of the princes and courtiers who had been vicious enough a moment before, took a favorite psalm to themselves. The king's mistress, Madame de Valentinois, took one, " Lord, to thee I make my moan;" the queen, " Lord, in thy wrath reprove me not;" and tbe whole court echoed with penitential psalms. But the fit passed off, and in a few months the court was as bad as ever; so that to people accustomed to luxury and immorality, psalms and hymns and spiritual songs are of. little good after all. Morality swings backwards and for wards like a pendulum, or like that Lamp' which Galileo saw in a cathedral, and from which he took the idea of the time measurer attached to Dutch clocks. We have been too solemn and slow for some time, and the truth is we are getting rather fast. We have heard some quiet, simple people ask the meaning of the word. What. is it ? What is a fast man ? What is a fast young lady ? It is a slang word, ex pressive, colloquial, forcible; but it is generally used—so much so, that some time past even the most refined paper in the world—the organ of the aristocracy— took occasion to lecture the young ladies of Great Britain, the young women of first society, upon being fast. From what one could gather, a fast girl was one who adopted the tone of her brother's conversa tion ; was knowing upon horses, read sporting newspapers, pretended to know the world, was fond of. novels, of the sea side, of yachting, riding to cover, and even smoking. In this they were opposed by the slow girls, who condemn all the world. Who do not follow their example ? But fastness of which this, perhaps, is a rather fovorable description, did other things not quite so innocent, and which, when put into print, look serious enough; but it was all preferred in the most fashionable newspaper of the day against the young ladies of our own age. Nay, what is worse, they (the young ladies) pleaded guilty to the charge. Letters from British matrons said that one reason—the chief, the only, per haps—was that what were called fast girls always got the best husbands, and were the floonest married. Now, to marry—work out the sum as you may —is, at present at least, the chief end of woman's life. It may be said of woman that, whether- she marries or does not marry, she at times regrets fhe step she has taken all her life ; but from sixteen to sixty her chief and natural idea is how to marry. There is not much to object to in this. No life is nobler, to our poor finite mind, than married life. We do not here, in Christian England, make a merit of abjuring the world, and forswearing a life of usefulness. But let the end be attained honorably. We have heard the plea put forward that English girls, who dislike fastness as much as any one, are often obliged to be fast, because, unless they did so, they would attract attention. But really fast young ladies are quite mistaken. There is, of course, a wide difference in manner; but the most modest and retiring lady in the i world can be, and generally is, more at tractive than the most brazen, The modest, quiet girls stand the best chance. There is no reason why every young lady should speak with the stupid precision of a miss just fresh from school; there is not the slightest reason either why she should not know something of politics, and those other things which men take interest in. Women may know a great deal more than they do know, and in many cases might be more freely brought forward as the friends and helpmates of man. But there is a reason why they should not be sharp, mannish, cunning, knowing and fast. Miss Nightingale, for instance, knows a good deal; has taught England by her wisdom, has set an example to all by her patience and well-doing; but she is far from being fast. To be ready to talk man's talk, and to be perfect in slang and small talk, these are accomplishments which, unfortunately, many young ladies have been taught to put forward under the idea of securing a match. We can only say that it must be a very poor fish to be caught by such a hook. Fast young men would probably think an even ing with a man like Lord Brougham slow, and, perhaps, vote him a bore. Yet, if we look upon the life of that great man, we shall find that it has been the fastest on record — We should count time by heart-beats. He lives most Who does most, thinks the wisest, acts the best. For, indeed, as the same writer observes, "it is the sun on the mind's dial shining bright, and chronicling thoughts and deeds which makes true time." A great states man used to say " Gentlemen, let us stay awhile, that we may finish the sooner;" and it was so wise a saying that dozens have copied it. The proof of it in one way is that the fast men in their youth are the slow ones in old age ; the fast young lady, so bright, merry, gay, and pert, marries in haste, to repent at leisure, and to make that slowest of matrons, an unhappy wife; whilst calm cheerfulness, serenity, evenness of temper and mind and manners, not only often win the best prize, but, if they do not come first, will yet keep up a good pace, and not be " distressed " when they reach that goal we are all hastening to. 