I COUNTRY NEWS. I -«» MARSDEN-A corroapondont of tho Hun air/ iff i'y <¿ writes on tho 26th instant - Yostorday wa« boral lo I in by aBtrong gust of wind, which waa allayed abiut 9 o'c oek by a steady westerly ram, which lasted until ab mt i Tni-) waa certainly like a drop on the ocean to ourpanh>l dm triet Still, little as it was, it will help the gras-) a Ii ile and, now as the weather is broken at all, it is to be h > 1 wo will havo moro rain before long. It looks itko run now. GEORGE'S PLAINS -The foundation-stone of a Church of England church at George's Plains, was laid on Wednes- day last by the Rev. Thomas Sharpe, M A , incumbent of All Snints, Bathurst, assisted by the Revs W Lisle, of Kelso Mr Uzzell, of Carcoar, and H. A. Langley, of Bathurst, in the presence of nearly 3000 persons, assembled from the sur- rounding country. In a recess prepared for its reception under the stone a glass bottle was deposited, containing a document with the following inscription .-" In the name of the Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, on the 20th day of February. 1867, the Foundation Stone of this Church (the sittings in which are to be free and unappro- priated for ever), to be used for the worship of Almighty God in accordance with the rites and ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, was laid by the Rev. Thomas Sharpe, M A, Incumbent of All Saints' Church, Bathurst. Trustee-the Right Reverend the Bishop of tho Diocese, Frederick Barker, D.D Architect Edward Gell. Building Committee-Joseph Smith, Charles W. Croaker, Jacob Barnes, Henry Butler, George Larnach. Secretary-the Rev. H. Archdall Langley." Bathurst Times. TAMBAROORA.-A meeting of tho mining olootorato of Tambaroora took place on Wednesday, tho IJtb. instant, at tho Hunter River Inn, for the pur poa o of hearing an ox po- sition of the sentiments, views, and political opinions of Mr. John Ford Rae, one of tho candidates for the reprcsontati in of the Western Gold-fields at the forthcoming election Ir waa very numerously attended. After hoanng Mr. Rae, Mr J ¡stephens pnt the question to tho meeting whothor it considered Mr. John Ford Rao a fit and proper person to represent their mining interests, when the ayes carried it almost unanimously, the noes numbering but six -Corre spondent Bathurst Times. ORANGE -The Western Examiner of Saturday reports: -A healthful change was experienced on Tuesday, when the long-looked for rain visited us. It commenced raining during the morning of the day mentioned, and continued in a steady downpour until tho following morning. One great effect has been to diminish tho amount of sickness which prevailed, doubtless consequent on the late unhealthy weather. Had it continued, we might have experienced a most distressing time, as we learn typhus fever had made its appearance, but it may be hoped has thus been checked On Monday, tho 18th December, Mr. F Auberson, residing in Templer's paddock, suffered a serious loss from the destruction of nearly the whole of the produce of his harvest by fire, owing to the carelessness, whilst smoking, of two Chinamen in his employ. Two stacks of hay, a portion of a wheat stack, and the whole of a stock of oaten straw were consumed, involving a loss of £100. The Chinamen immediately became non est. The sufferer is a worthy, hardworking man, and much sympathy is expressed at his loss. _______________________ 