J tata, Sri«, aift J|rf. SUPERSTITION. ? '- — — ? . ? O sight Of terror,- foul and ugly to behold ; Horrid to think, Hew iiorrible to teeL ' — Paradise lost. Superstition with its fantastic tricks and ita huge crimes — a monster iu the garb of a buffoon — cannot but 'make the judi cious grieve,' however much it may ' make the unskilful laugh.' It was superstition in its broad but legitimate sense that induced the Persians to burn the books of the Egyptians and Phoenicians, and the Romans to destroy those of the Jews and the Christians. To the same baneful influence we owe the irreparable loss of the history of Mexico. the destruction of a large number of missals in the Moorish wars, and the burning of the Palatine Apollo Library bv Pope Gregory VII. The Talmud, too, that most interesting record of Jewish traditions, would have shared the same fate had it not been orally transmitted from genera tion to generation. But the appetite of superstition has craved not so much for books as for human blood and suffering. Were not the virtue and learning of Socrates punished with death I Was not Aristotle driven by persecution to swallow poison ? Was not Galileo thrown into a dungeon ? and Raleigh ? and Giotius ? and Seldcn J Was not Cranmer burnt at the stake '. and Ridley ? and Virgilius 1 and Urban G randier I In truth, the history of every country, since Codrus, the last king of Athens, sacrificed lus iifc oh the wisdom of an oracle, has been defaced with scenes of blood and bigoted persecution. But wo gladly fake a respite from the cruel eccentricities of superstition. Kechepsos, an Egyptian, is credited or discredited — for probably the narrative is apocryphal — with placing each limb of the body under sonic sign of the Zodiac in order to enable the priest- doctors to dis cover a cure for any diseased part of the body. This superstition descended from the Egyptians to the Greeks and the Romans, and from them to the Saracens, who bequeathed it. tlirough the school of Salerno to the whole of Europe. The Egyptians, loo, according to Plutarch, believed that the vine sprang from ground soaked in the blood of giants slain in their battles with the gods. Vitruvius, Pliny, and Valerius Flaccus, all implicitly believed in the advantage of felling timber during certain changes of the moon. Pliny says that a scarabaeus carved on an emerald is an infallible antidote to all poisons — as potent as the herb which Mercury gave to Ulysses. Dante's 'Inferno' was at first accepted as a real account of a real descent into hell. Cornelius Agrippa believed that the upper regions were filled with dtemoncs ; and he himself narrowly escaped being burnt because his contemporaries were as super stitious as liimself, and believed that his constant companion, a large black dog, was a demon. Paracelsus has left to posterity a recipe for producing a fairy. Our Henry VI. kept for some time an alchymist constantly at work. Cardan anil Burton sought death in order to vindicate their predictions. Descartes declared that it was possible to prolong life to the age of the patriarchs ; and the Abbe Picot, when he heard of the philosopher's death, attributed it to a blunder. The astrolo ger Lilly was asked to decide wliich was the most favorable hour for Charles I. to attempt his escape. Dryden, Ashmole, and Heyden cast nativities. Catherine de Medicis brought Henry IV. to Nostra demus to have his horoscope cast ; and Mary of Medicis believed that a dream in which she saw her gems turned into pearls, foreshadowed the death of this same Henry. The gift of prediction, the ability to presage events, has been attributed to men in both ancient and modern times. But no popular belief was ever more grossly superstitious. The fulfilment of a prophecy has always been the one lucky success in a million failures, unless the prophet has built upon the tolerably solid foundation of experience or pact hi stow. A lucky chance was Solon's prediction that the citadel of Munychia would be the ruin of the Athenians ; so was that by Thales, in which ho pointed out the site of the future forum : so was that hy Erasmus, in which ho announced the pil lage of the shrine of Thomas a'Becket. But the success of Cicero, who repu diated any occult influence — success Touched for by Cornelius Nepos — was undoubtedly founded on acute ol-scrva- tion and profound experience. In the same category we may place Bishop Butler's prediction of the approaching issue of the irreligion of the age ; Mazarin's of the turbulent character of de Retz; and Guibart's of the immi nent peril overtaking the monarchs of Europe. Religious superstition or intolerance, is fruitful of melancholy examples. In our boasted England — boasted because we are not quite so rotten as other nations — the history of religious superstition is written in blood. Thy treacherous massacre of the Huguenots, preceded by the cutting out of the tongues of Protestants and the burning of Lutherans, scarcely turns the scale in our favor. In the Netherlands, thousands fell victims to horrible torture. In Holland the bigotry and brutality of Philip II. were only equalled by those of the Duke D'Alva. Charles V. condemned to death the Reformers of the Low Coun tries. Cardinal Baronius was amazed that Saint Martin should condemn the torture and execution of Priscilian and six of his fol lowers for holding unorthodox opinions on the nature of the Trinity. La Bruyére praised the ' dragonades ' of Louis XIV. But we refrain from multiplying examples of human superstition and savagery ; we must pass to the present century before we have supped quite full of horrors. During the last one hundred years the grosser forms of superstition may have died away. Sovereigns no longer conde scend to touch for King's Evil, like the dissolute James III. of Scotland. Women are no longer put to death whose only crimes are their friendlessness and their ugliness. Myomancy — divination by mice : crithomancy — by dough of cakes ; and alectryomancy — by a cock picking up grains ; these may have departed in peace, never to return ; but if we take into consideration the present advanced state of physical science, we have nothing on which to plume ourselves. Our super stitions differ from our forefathers' in kind rather than in number. Nor should we rashly conclude that a strange belief is a superstition. No superstition is as bigoted as refusing to believe every thing which we cannot understand. The infinitely varied phenomena of nature may not be the same in all periods. The sorcerers of Pharaoh's court may have had grounds of belief in magic and wizardry which no longer exist. To believe in evil spirits and to practice exorcism, were no signs of credulity in apostolic tunes. Not only so, but it is absurd to assume that Lord Bacon, Macchiavelli, Guicciardini, and the great men of the Renaissance who often startle us with their assent to now exploded beliefs, should have forme 1 their judgments on wholly insufficient evidence. This, however, is a matter of speculation in which men's self-esteem will fight bravely, and we retire from the battle before giving or receiving any blows. But what would our forefathers think if they could suddenly open their eyes on the enlightenment of the nineteenth cen tury ? Despite our astounding progress in the study of nature, and our long and careful sifting of the chaff from tiie grain — a process still going on — in religion and philosophy, do not absurd and supersti tious beliefs still flourish among us ? Do not clairvoyantes discover stolen treasures, heal mysterious diseases, and look into our hearts ? Do not tables spin round and hulking men and delicate women spin with them ? Are not winnowing machines burnt in one county, and barometers broken in another ? Do not sen-ants when tfaeyaee a cricket regard it as a sign of death? Do not seamen purchase fair winds ; account it unlucky to lose a bucket or throw a cat overboard ; and eschew whistling as certain to bring on a gale? Are not horse-shoes nailed to doors to koon away evil-spirits ; sor ceresses turned into hares ; and amulets in the shape of drugs, carried on the person? Do not wild stories of ghosts and bogles, of kelpies and fairies cling to many a lonely crag and ruined cottage in the North— stories whispered in awe and listened to with creeping skin under the dim light of smouldering wood-ashes ? Do not Presbyterian peasants visit the wells of St. John, St. Fetnac, and St. Devenick, and drop votive offerings of silver into the healing waters ? Surely these superstitions are not less absurd tlian the practice of the Turks to hang old rags, or of the Arabs to hang triangular leather bags, on the necks of their fairest horses, in order to secure them against witchcraft or fascination ? In the face of such superstitions we ought to feel an uneasy stirring of conscience, when we laugh at the custom of the King of Sennaar's courtiers who, whenever His Majesty sneezes, turn away their faces and loudly slap their right tlugh ; or at the sneeze of the King of Monomotapa, which is echoed by the persons around him, and re-echoed in the ante-chamber, the street, and the city. In short, we believe that superstition is not a creature of the past, like the sluggish Mylodon, or the huge-headed Dinotherium. The animal may have cast his skin and changed his flesh, but his instinct still lives, although liis strength must, in the course of nature, be less vigorous. May he continue to wax weaker and weaker, until he becomes as powerless to influence men's minds as the once patent boughs of the rowan-tree crossed over the windows in the North, or the bonfires lighted at the feast of St. John the Baptist in the fields of Picardy.— Hereford Times. Photogeaphy.— It is a well-known fact that a photograph takcu in the ordinary way is by no means tlie exact representation of the person or object, but is, on the contrary, imperfect in those parts the image of which is not, at the time of the sitting, in the exact focus of the lens. This is why photographers are so parti cular about the sitter's posture, obliging him often to sit straight and stiff in the chair, to tbe great detriment of the artistical beauty of the photograph ; because the greater the distance between the planes in which two different parts of the body or face are seen, the msre want of proportion -will there be in the representation of those parts. M. Claudet has been lately endeavoring to grapple with this difficulty in the art ot photograph}-, by starting fioin tbe principle that, in order to obtain a perfect repre sentation of an object, each of its parts should be successively brought into the focus. If the image of the nose could be taken first, and the focus was then shifted so as to get the eyes in, then as;ain shifted to get in the care, and if these three images could afterwards be made into one, the portrait would be perfect. This is the modus opcrandi M. Claudet has endeavored to adopt by employing an old invention or ins, called the ' fociineter,' by which the focus may be ascer tained that certaia degree of illumination requires. Xow, if the focusing screen be made to slide backwards and forwards till, by the aid of the fociuieter, it reaches the exact spot where either the nose, eye, or ear is in th6 focus, the different planes of the face will each have been successively in the focus and out of it for a certain time, and the portrait will be so much the nearer to perfection. The same: result may be obtained in another way ; instead of Eliding the focusing screen backwards and forwaids, the object glass may be composed of two lenses, which, by being brought nearer to, or removed from each other, will make the common focus shift its place according to the artist's desire. This operation would not in any case lengthen the sitting, and the interposition of the common diaphragm would contribute to render the com pound images as clear as can be desired. Lightning Drawings ox the HosfAN Boot. — A figure more or less minutely ramified is often found on the body of a patient struck by lightning. It is not generally known, however, that 6uch a figure is really produced with every flash of lightning, and with every discharge of a Leydcn lar. Most scientific men are aware of the fact, and that such figures can be made visible. If a thin sheet of window glass, about four inches square, be laid between the knob of a charged jar and the discharging-rod, the dis charge will pass over the surface nearest the jar, turn over its edge, and so get to the dis charging- rod. On holding the glass up to the light no trace of the discharge will be seen ; but on breathing upon the glass we get a remarkable ramified figure, consisting of a trunk, from which proceed a number of branches, covered with minute spray, the whole figure presenting a striking resemblance to a tree. In some cases tbe discharge bifurcates, and trifurcatcs, when we have two and three trunks, each accom panied by its oxrn branches and spray. Should the glass be too thick, the charge will not pass ; but we get sonid of its minor details, such as the bi.iuches ami the spray, representing, in fact, those ramifying feelers sent out by the clectiicita to prepare the line of least resis tance al»ng which the principal discharge takes i.lace. These ate the lines which produce the sensation of cobwebs drawn over the face, which sailors describe as the foreiunners of the ship being struck. In the experiment just noticed the discharge burns away portions of the organic film which covers all bodies exposed to the air, and the breath condenses in contiguous streams on the portions so burnt and rendered chemically clean, while on the other parts of the glass the breath condenses in minute globules. In a paper read by me before the physical section of the British Association at Manchester in 18G1 I attempted to show that the ramified figures so often observed on the bodies of animals struck by hghtniug are not derived from any tree whatever, but represent tbe fiory hand of the lightning itself. I exhi bited e ome of these figures, as produced by the discharge of a Leydeu jar, and it was generally allowed that the resemblance to a tree was sufficient to lead an ordinary observer to connect the ramified figure found on the body of a person struck by lightning with the tree under which he sought refuge.— C Tomlinson, King's College. The Scakcittof Labor. — It is now a quarter of a century since we were all complaining of a redundant population, and crying out for some mode of reducing a plethora which seemed to outgrow all available means of subsistence. Emigration was the remedy most frequently prescribed and most favorably received. And emigration has now been going on until it carries off annually a number of people nearly equal to the annual excess of births over deaths. In other -words, the aggregate population of the United Kingdom remains very nearly stationary. Of course this result is mainly due to the abso lute decrease in the amouut of the Irish popu lation. But this is not irrelevant to the question, which is one of the supply of labor, generally, throughout Great Britain and Ireland. Siuce 1850 an impetus- has been given to every kind of production and every kind of manufactory. N'cw kin-is of manufacture have been introduced, ami old kinds extended. The demand everywhere is for hands, more hands. Strike after strike attests the insufficient numbers and the compact organization of the operatives. The army shares this want. The recruiting sergeant com plains as much as the capitalist. Xor is it only iu mills or large establishments, or in the army, that this inadequacy of the laboring population shows itself. The want of domestic servants is more sensibly felt every day. Higher wages are paid than formerly, and less effective service is given. Emigration tells too upon this class. New fields of employment open out for men in the colonies no less than at home. The men, too, who return home, after making some money, for the purpose of marrying, no^un frequently select English maid-servants as their wives. All this tells upon the supply of labor in England. And it will tell far more sensibly in the course of a few years. Emigration begets emigration, and one kind of employment or in vestment necessitates another. So far from finding our population redundant, we shall soon regard it as stinted. -Saturday Review. SurroscD Loss of ax Australian Ship. — It is feared that a large Australian homeward bound ship, the General Grant, has foundered at sea with all on board. She cleared out of Melbourne on the 3rd of May, and passed the Heads on the 4th, having on board about 50 passengers and some 30 or 40 in crew. Since the time of her sailing nothing whatever has been heard of her. A number of ships which left Melbourne m June and July have long since arrived, but saw nothing of her. She was a timber-built ship of about 1,300 tons, be longed to Messrs. Richardson and Co., of Boston, and is represented to have been thoroughly equipped for a long voyage. It is conjectured she must have struck on an iceberg and foundered. She had on board about £13,000 in gold, shipped by various parties at Melbourne. Insurances to a considerable extent have l-een effected on her, at premiums averaging from 30 to 00 per cent. Lately 75 guineas per cent, has been offered to effect further insurances on her, but could not be done. Indeed the was deemed uniusurable. No authentic list has been received is London . of the names of the passengers who shipped. Those only who took first-class cabins are known, and these were published in the ATelltourne Argus of the 5th of May as follows : — Mr. and Mrs. Kay, the Rev. Father Sorda, Mrs. Oat and family, Mr. Edell, Mr. Deans, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Husdroa, and Mr. Tebbeth. The General Grant was bound for London, 