AMERICAN BANDITS. I From the Weekly Tribune The County of Oneida and some of the adjacent districts of the State of New York have been for the last 20 yoara virtually in the power of on orranizsd band of thieve*, who throve, crew rich. sent their children to expensive seminaries ares eJ like gentlcmen-we £ad almost said became rtspectible members of society— on the fruits of their depredations. The leaders of the gang are a family living near the border, between «'ueida and Madison Counties, and their propensities have descended to them from the last generation. The father and uncle of the four or five brothers who are now at the head of the con spiracy were arrested with three other men on a charge of passing counterfeit money about 50 years ago. They never were indicted, securing their immunity, it was generally understood at the time by the purchase of a grand- jury man; but their companions went to State Prison. The present generation keep out of gaol partly by the same tactics, and party by the most daring inti midation and persecution of witnesses. They have been indicted time and again ; they are once in a while arresteJ. but substantial farmers are always ready to bail them out, and it is believed that there are many reputable people who secretly share in their profits. Anybody who is particuLuly active in bringing them to justice is pretty certain to have his house or his bam burned, or hia cattle stolen; if ha ia a trader, his custom falls off; if he te a I candidate for office, \m -caiiatnueut* -d'tsiurt him; if he is a physician, scandalous stories or charges id maltpractico are circuhU'd about him, and he has no choice but to eave the country. Worse stilt the thieves find means to use the law itself for the oppression of their victims. Popular rumour points to J unices in league with them. Sometimes the olnxxiuus )erson is thrown into gaol on false charges, and kept there under one pretence or another until it suits the purposes of ihe gang to let him go. j Common fame has long published of these | criminal, said a dUtmeuUhcd lawyer tlie other day in Couit. that they 'not oniy protect tluir confederates, no: only :ri'ig to punishment their betrayers, net on'y wreak barbarous vcngi'^n-'c upon those who dare to pursue them or even io te-ufy acainst them, not onh- break through all he meshes of the l*w— but that bail and bail bonds, bench-warrants and eearcli warrants, in dictments and the civil process of thcCouit. do their olliM or standstill at th* beck and nod, not of inn» cence, but of guilt.'' Laying crimes at the doors of the innocent, liurnifacturiuK ami destroy ing _ evidence, instituting false pio.-cctitio;is stifling find evading investigation, mid e.ir rupti g the officers of the law are some of the meins by which they have secure 1 the terrible power they now wield. In one ease a public building containing indirfracnts aaainst them was urned to the irround. li another the office of the District-Attorney was broken open and the indictments carried off. In a third the District-Attorney was waylaid iu the ftteet at night, and some counterfeit bills, which they had been indicted for passing, were taken from his person, The operations nf the pang renrh nil through thu counties of Oneida, (?swego, t itsego, Madison, Chcnanjo, Schoharie, Delaware, and Sullivan. In ntartv every part of these counties they have twined confederates, rc.dy at a moment's varning to ri«!e ofi'in any 'direction upon a predatory excursion, or to shield their friends or punish their enemies. There is no lack of evideneti as to their {;uilt. Their crimes are notorious; the only dillieuily is that witnesses dare not testifv: so the laws are nr.ti*! ic ill v laughed at. On the night of the 30th of October, IS-'A, a party of men. irritated l-y some recent out .:ges of a peculiarly atrocious character, went M tlie house of tlie le.uleis of this gaii;-. near the Village of U'a»eiville, l.iiled one of t!:c tlii-.vcs, and nearly kiile. I another, nnd burned the luin. A Coroner's Jury brought in a \crdict against one .James L. Fiikius, a constable or deputy sheriff, and he was b und over iu heavy bail to answer to tlie elia-ge of muvder. Twenty names were affixed to tlie bail bond, because' it was felt to be unsife for a s;na!l uun-ii-.r of p.-rsons to incur the enmity of i!ie c nf -k'ra'.es. The accused demanded an examination before a Magistrate, but (?}? various d.viei-s I.e w.is de prived of this riaht, and on the i:ii!i oi No vember Ihe cas;i went lufore th? Grand Jury. Here the wdl- kuoivn tactics cf the gang were put .n operation. Although then: vveie 13 per.-ous in the hou«e on tin; niuht of the murder, only i-nn could be found to testify. Al licmyh the deed had been committed by a large |i:iity— in fact, a niob-Fiikin*, between whom und the family of the dead man thc:c was a loug-t- tiiudiiig enmity, was the only one up.m whom the testi mony was nude to bear. The proceedings if Grand Juries are supposed to be secret, but ;t was soon known that they had ju lire I the evidence insullieien*, ami would throw out tlie bill. Two of the missing witnesses (who had been in town all the while) were then discovered; but instead of appearing before the Jury, they put in allidaviU. On this an indictment was found, aud Killcins was hcldforui.il. In June, IS-'t!, Filkin«, being still mi bail, went to the house of the (k^.erj.lues with a warrant Ut the arrest of certain perstirs whom lie supposed to be concealed there. He was fired ujmii from :i window, and severely wounded. A dY.y or two afterward a crowd of incensed neighbours sur rounded the house, burned it to the ground, strung up two of the gang to u tree un'il they were neatly dead, anil then warned them to leave the county in 3'J days. The HO da-s pissed, how cy, r, and the thUves remained. Tne trial of Filkins e:ime on at Utiea on the Snd of June, and ended the n-;.\t day in tlw ifi.'.sliing -;f the indictment, on ace Hint of the i1 regular m:uimr nf its liiilii'g, which we have already detailed. This result feenis to give unlimited satis faction t'- Ihe people of the neighbourhood, but it is only ton painfully apparent that the discharge uf Filkins :s only one clu'ck in the lawless career o' Iti s prosecutors, and that their power, so far as any one can see, is iie::ily as strong us ever. \Ve lrive heard of no measure being taken to bring them to justice, and the dis graceful thraldom in which Oneida County has suffered so King may yet coiriime for another generation. The facts were all presented to the Legislature last year in the report of the Prison Association, but no action seems to have been elicited. !'? rlnips this 1'ili.ins trial will rouse the people of the infes'etl district to so:nu vigorous effort for emancipation; and when theCoustilu tional Convention eiunes to look inloiwr nva.binLry fur the administration of JHtiee, we commend the banditti of Central Ne.v Wrk Io its careful con* Eideraliun. _________________ ClIIKKSfi COMMKRCK. — TllO rctlU'lM of the tr.ide uf the Chinese ports open to foieign ih»s show that the total amount of the ti:nlc of China, tarried uii under foreign ILi^s, amounted in the year lsiiii to the cstituat1.' value of 12t7,r-O7.!i22 taels, equal to very nearly a third of that number of piuivl.s sterling. This is un increase tf about 2S.0OO.0l) I tatls over the previous year. Jt includes the axouut of the whole import and CMioit trade, and the amount of the imported and expoited treasure, less the imiount of the re-u;qm.:s. At the port of Shanghai, which is partly a depot for other ports, the ir.-.pjrt and expirt of treasure could not bo correctly ascertained, and is not in cluded in the above amount. The total estimated value of tlie imports, foro'trii ;nd ustve coast trade, ani'iui.tnl in l~l»'- to lflt.iG',:!!} lai-i.s— an in crea'-e of ?27,'1-)'J UKJ taels over the p. t\ cling year. Tu these imports the different eminuie.:- contributed ns follows:— I iroat IJritain and lu-r piirS.-Moiu', f-7.7:r-,77l taels; Japan, 2.1.]1,1M ta'l-; United States, JSi.r.iM laels; sundry coun'rie?. including the whole of t he Continent. L',(!i),!'-7l v Is; Chi'ii-ne ! port?, 7:t,SH!l,i'ji taeis; making a L.tahi n:Ui'i7l.'J t:ie s, not inclti'lin? Ueastir.;. T!;e ex^ons of istjj were as fol!o.is:-'i'o Great I'ritaki :u;d her pos hcssi'-.ns, 5t-,l'il,ii!'r taels; to Jupin, 2ti7,7-i:j taeis; Unitel States, 5,S51,.sil taels; *unhy countries '.1.7~-7SU taels; to other open Chinese ports, ?ll.llii,:;?! ta.'N, nming a total of ]-iJ,lfi.i.l-l tails in addition to ticnsurc exported of the value of 2:!,(!'i2,Wi; taels- an iu,:ie:i:'c in the t;rand total of nearly l'.ViU'.UiM ta.ls over tho previous year, li-.it the re-exports would Ir.vo to be de ducted to airive at the true value of thecxpoit trade. Mr. Hart, Inspector-General of Customs, reports to the Tsung- le- Yemen that the diminished supply of cotton, in cou-c-mencc of the American troubles has exercised a prejudicial iiilhwiiee on the reveuues of Chinn, but that an increase in the import duties may now be cxpicted. Ue viewint.' the supervision by Commissioner)! fr..m October, 1M;-I, Io June, 1L!J5, live .veins, minus one quarter -f a )e;ir. the Inspector (ieneral of Cu-toni- fnuU that th_- inijiurt duties have amounted to about 12.0MJ Ml - t-.u;!.--. :;nd the export dittls to nluut 3S,O')i','r:o t'd«. Tlie revenue of all kiii-io accruing t i tlie Cbiiu.su (jo yeiiiineiit on foreipntride st tin: tu.:\v \\-ut\a I, as in thu live jears amo inted to jib-wi :i!,5;i),U-i'l taels. The lnspec*'jr-(Jt:nci:il -r'n trves tliut foreign merchants come to China t j traiie because it pays them to -io lu, nnd that tiic** ii v.ra tAiow that the Chine ?e-uierclnuvs, i.tople. an I tlovcrii | men*. -are not without their blurt- in the advan tages sprln.'rinj.'froiaconiHK-mal intercom:-?. The revt'iiue umnuiitud to ',f'.'ll,7ttf tads iu tlielirst tlire*; quarters of a year: tiiJJV.M? ta-.-ls iu the year ending :i!tth .Tim:-, ]%2; T.HyiVHi'i t:u:!s in the third ^c.-.r, lsfcMfl; 7.72S.747 taeU m t!ie fourth ye«r, iVi.ioK i,mi.j,«-7 Mel* in in.; mi.* .Vtur, Hi!-'i5; so thi'.t the. annual reveinis is iiuwnctier to £:{,t0 '.(JUU than to £2,0')n,W-. Ay Hotel Bill in Uraxil— Spraking of those pro.'igi' us Portuguese pennies leinindH me that it tikes 1,111)0 rtis (|-nti;oii! rcl liijs) to inaki: a dulhr, and that all financial c .liiii.ites are made out in rds. Vfc did not know this until after we had fomid it out, and we fjiuid it out through Ij'uchir. Uiuclier huid he was t-o happy and so grate! ul to be on solid land once more, that he wanted to give a ft a t— said he had heaid it was a cheap land, and he was bound to have a grand banquet He invited nine of us and we ate au excellent dinner at thu principal hotel. In the misjst of the jollity produced by gcod ci^ais, good wine, and passable anecdote*, tne landlord presented h.s bid. U'ucher glanced lit it nnd his countenance fell. H« toiik another look to assure him&clf; that his senses bad nut deceived him, nnd then read the itenw aloud, in a faltering voice, while the roses in his cheek turned to a-l:es:— ' 'Ten dinners, at C-JO reis O.'ljiO reis!' Ktiin and i'eso lation! 'Twenty-live cigars, at Mi rcis, 'J.o'U reis!1 Oh, my canted mother! 'Mevrn bottles of wine, at l.Suil reis 13.2dO reiti.1 15c with us all! 'Iota1, 21,700 rds!' Great Cn; ar's ghost, there ain't money enough in the ship 1 1 )-ay that bill'. Uo, leave me to my misery, boys, I'm a ruined coinmuuity.' I think it was the Maulest-looking party 1 ever raw. Nobody could say a word. It was as if every soul hud suddenly been s'.ncken dumb. Wineglasses descended slowly to the table, their contents untastcd. Cigars dropped unnoted from nerveless fingers. Inch man s-.'Uyht his ncighbmir'j eye, but found in it uo ray oi hope, no encouragement. At last the fearful silence was broken. The shadow of a desperate resolve settled down upon Blucher's countenance like a cloud, and he rose up and said :— ' landlord, this ia a wretched mean swindlp, and I'll never, never stand it. Here's Sl&t;, Sir, and it's all you'll gut- I'll Bwim in blood, Sir, before I'll pay a cent, more.1' Our spirit!1 rose and the landlord's fell— .it least we thought so; he was confused at any rate, notwitti siandinir be bad not understood :i word that had been said. He danced from the little pile of gold piices to liluclitr several times and then went out. lie must have visited an American, f t when he returned be biought back his bill translated into a language that a Christian could understand-thus: —10 dinners, (i,(KK! reis, or #i; 25 cigirH, t.'MI icis, or $2 50.:.; 11 buttles wine. 13.2U ' rein, or %,V.ilJ)c: to'al, 21.700 reis, or $21 70c. Happiness re ic tied once more in liluchcr's dinner party. More- icfr.'fch raenti were ordered. 