ARTEMUS WARD. THE well-known American humourist, "Ar mus Ward," whose real name was Charles Brown, died at Southampton on the 5th March. The extreme delicacy of his constitution was evident to all his newly-formed English acquaintance, from the first day of his arrival among them ; but latterly the audience who crowded to hear his quaint and playful " loc treat the Egyptian Hall, must have felt that the peculiarly original entertainer was making them laugh in spite of a melancholy certainty that he would not long retain the power of appearing daily on the little stage, to explain the details of the " panorama that was rather worse than panoramas generally are." One Saturday morning's performance, at which an extraordinary crowd of notable personages gathered, as though by some sad and silent determina- tion to take farewell of their favorite, proved the last. Mr. Brown quitted London that same day, hoping to return, but hoping against hope. He would have liked, he said, to get back again to America, just to tell the folks there how kind " all you have been to me," meaning the many hundreds of " Britishers " who saw him in a pleasant graceful type of American fun, as free from a speck of vulgarity as it was from a shadow of ill-nature. Some of Mr. Brown's best produc- tions as a comic essayist have been penned during that brief and closing > passage of his life, the visit to the " old country." The series of papers he wrote for Punch gave a fresh start to his fame, showing as they did a keen, though good-humored power of observation able to deal with now thornes better than old. His lost contribution to literature was a clever and timely littlo'artiele about " Converting the Nigger," in the New Year's volume of "Savage Club Papers." Those who had the fortune to meet Mr. Brown very soon know him and those who knew him will mourn the loss of a gentle-hearted companion, in whose shrewd, sensible sayings, gravity and playfulness were most charmingly blended. The body of Mr. Charles Brown was brought up to London, and will be temporarily placed in a vault at Kensal-green, his will expressing a desire that his remains shall be ultimately transported to America. For nine days before his death he was quite insensible ; but on the day before his sinking into this condition his intellect was clear, and he made many requests of the friends around him. One of these was Captain Britton, the American Consul at Southampton, who has watched his dying countryman as a father might have watched a son. The age of Mr. Brown was 33. By his will he leaves the bulk of his property to his mother, whose age is 62 and his love of children is shown by an extraordinary number of legacies to persons of tender ago. A noble library, formed by his uncle, Calvin Brown, is bequeathed to the best boy in the school of his native village, Waterford, Oxford County, State of Maine. He provides that his page, an intelligent lad, shall be put to a printer's - the first in America - for two years, " to learn the, value of learning, and to find out what he has missed and that afterwards he shall receive a collegiate education. The property bequeathed to Mr. Brown's mother is, on her death, to revert in trust to Mr. Horace Gresley, of New York, to be applied for the foundation of an asylum for aged and decayed printers, he having himself belonged to their craft. He has appointed as his executors Mr. T. W. Robertson and Mr. E. P. Hingston, the latter of whom has accompanied him in his travels, and has been for some time his secretary. The members of the Savage Club held a meeting on Friday afternoon, at Ashley Hotel, Covent Garden, for the purpose of adopting steps for paying a last tribute of their respect to the memory of their departed associate. It was arranged that the body should on the following (Saturday) afternoon be temporarily interred. Kensal Green Cemetery, thus affording to ettÇie lamented gentleman's friends on opportunity of following him to the grave. The remains of Mr. Ward will be removed from Mr. Millwort's house, Haverstock- hill, and conveyed to the cemetery and there interred in unconsecrated ground, in order that they might subsequently be removed and taken to America. (From the Illustrated Theatrical News.) A brief sketch of some of the incidents in the career of Artemus Ward, gleaned from an American source, may not be uninteresting to our readers. Charles 3?. Browne was born in 1834, at a village called Waterford, in Oxford County. When quite a boy he entered a print- ing office, and was considered a very skilfull manipulator at the " case, but becoming tired of seeing the same old faces every day, he started upon a tour and visited all the principal places in New England, stopping at each town or a brief period, and working at his trade. He afterwards settled in Boston, where he worked with "stick and rule until his abilities enabled him to reach the editorial chair. Comic stories and comic essays were his forte, and his "writings" soon obtained the greatest popularity. > Tiring of Boston, he made his way to the west. On the shores of Lake Erie and on the banks of the Ohio and Mississippi has gleaned that knowledge of Western life and acquired that acute insight into the comic side of Western character which stand out so con- spicuously in his humorous sketches. Having reached Cleveland, he became editor of the Plain dealer It was at this period of his life that he adopted the pseudonym of Artemus Ward, In the autumn of 1860 he came to New York, and was engaged in the editorial department of Vanity Fair. His first attempt at lecturing was at Norwich, Conn., since which he has attained to great celebrity as a comic writer and lecturer. His chief subjects were " The Babes in the Wood" " Sixty Minutes in Africa," "An Hour with President Lincoln," "Artemus Ward's Struggle with the Ghost," and " Life among the Mormons." In 1863 he sailed for California, where he made a most successful tour, and realised large sums of money by his lecturing. On one occasion, at Platt's Music Hall, San Francisco, the receipts amounted to 1,465 dollars. At San Jose the place was illuminated with tar barrels on the night of MB arrival. At Santa Clara, the building not being sufficiently large, the whole audience adjourned to the open air, while Artemus, supported by Mr. Hingston, his agent, holding two wax candles, " spoke his piece " under the star spangled canopy of Heaven. On his way to the Salt Lake City he was captured by Indians, and narrowly escaped scalping. Returning through the rocky mountains the sleigh was broken, and Mr. Brown and Mr. Hingston had to walk some miles through the snow at midnight, followed by a troop of hungry wolves, which they kept at boy with their revolvers. He returned to New York in 1864, where he attracted immense audiences by lecturing upon his travels in California and Salt Lake City. 