IN A GONDOLA, Suggested ly ilcndelstohn < Andante tn minor, Ill Vcniccl The night so delicious-its air Full of moonliglit and passionate snatches of BVligi A^d quick cries, and perfume of romances, which throng To my brain, as I steal down the marble Bea Btuir, " , And my gondola eomeB. And I boar the alow, rhythmical sweep oHlie oar Drawing near and more] near-and the noUo of the prow And tiro sharp, eudden aptash of lho;stup* page-and now I btep in-we are off o'er tho street's heaving floor , ... As n*y gomlolft glides Away past these palaces silent and dark, Looming ghostly and gritLo'er their bases, where cling® Bank seaweed that gleams flecked with light as it swings To the plash or thu waves, where they reach the tide mark . On tho porphyry blocks-with a song full o! dole, , A forlorn barracole; As my gondola glides. And the wind seems to sigli through the lat tice rust-gnawn A low dirgo for- tbe past - the sweet past when it played In the pearl braided hair of some beauty, who utnyed Cut1 one shrinking halfriniiiuU-lier mantle closc-drawu O'er the Bwell of her bosom and cheeks pas sion-pale. Ere her lover camo by, and they kissed. " They arc clay; These fcoltcarkd men with the regal pulse play; They are dust I" sighs the wind with its whisper of wail; " Those women snow-pure, flower-sweet, pas ion-pale |" And the waves make reply with their song full of dutc. Their foriom barracole, As my gondola glides. Dust-tbose lovers 1 But Jove ever lives ever now, * 1 . . « etilUho same; so wo shoot into bustle and ligfit. And lamps from the festal casinos stream bright On tlio ripples-and here's theBMto in view. And black gondolas, spirit-like, cross or slide past, And the gondoliers cry to each other j a sonff. Far away, from sweet voices in tunc, dies aloug The waters moon-silvered. So on to the vast Shadowy span of on arch whero tho oar ecbooaleap Through chill gloom from tho marble. then moonlight once more, And laughter and Btrnm of guitars from tlio shore, And sonorous bass mqsio of bells booming deep Prom St. Mark's. Still those waves full of dole, Their forlorn baracole, As my gondola glides. llere the night is voluptuous with odorous sighs From verandahs e'erstaiwd with dfan jessamine flowers, Their still scent deep-stirred by the tre mulous showers Of a nightingale's notes as bis song swells and dies White my gondola glides. Dust-those lovers 1-who floated and dreamed long ago. Gazed and languished and loved, on those waters,-where I Float and dream and gage up In the still summer sky Whence the great stars look down-as they did long Ago; Where the moon seems to dream with my dreaming-disc-hid In a gossamer veil of white cirrhus-then breaks The dream-spell with n pensive half-smite, as she wakes To new splendour. But lo t while I n^oit wo have slid From the open-the stir-down a lonely Hue. way « < Into hush and and davit shadow i fresh smellB of the sea Come cool from beyond: a faint lamp mistily Hints feirsbnfts and quaint arches, in crumb ling decay; And the waves still break in with their I song full of dole. Their forlorn barcarole, As my gondola glides. ' Tbon the silent lagune Btretched away throngh the night. And the stars,-and tho fatry-like city I behind. Domes and spires rising spectral and dim: ? till the mind v Becomes tranced in a vaguo, subtlo maio of dcligbt s And 1 float in a dream, lose tho present-or soem To have lived it before. Then a sense of deep bliss, Just to breathe-to exist-in a night such as this; Jnsi to feci what I feel, drowns all else. But the gleam Of the lights, as wo turn to the city once more, And the musie and clangour of belts booming slow And this consummate vibion, St. Math's 1 -the star-glow For a background-crowns all. Then I step out on shore: The Piazctta 1 my life-dream accomplished at last, (As my gondola goes). I «m ft ere; here alone with the ghost of the Past I Bat the waves still break in with their song lull of dole, Their forlorn barcarole, As my gondola goes: And the pnlsc of the oar swept through silvery spray # Dies away in the gloom, dies away, die# away- . Dtt® away dies away \ Cornhill Magazine. | 