ITALY. I . THE GREAT FESTIVAL AT ROME. I ( Concluded from our last.) The second part or the procession was by this time making its way to the church, having started from the Sistine Chapel, singing the Ave Maria Stella. As a pageant ; perhaps no part of it svas finer than the approach up the sloping corridor on the western side. For if in | the Piazza the sunlight fell full on the mitres 1 and copes of the bishops and cardinals, and | flashed upon the jewelled mitres of the Oriental I bishops and patriarchs, and played upon their I rich vestments till they became a shealing sea of I colour, here the effect was hardly less real, and B was grasped in a far more agreeable manner in 1 the cool shade of the corridor from the sloping I nature of the approach up which the procession I advanced. In this second part of the procession 1 came the Procurators of Religious Orders, the I chaplains with the precious mitres and tiaras of I the Pope, the chamberlains, the colleges of the E Frelatina, the auditors of the Pieta, the mitre ? and tiara for the use of the Pope during the I function, the cross- bearer of the Pope, the I judges of the high courts serving as acolytes, 1 the incense. Then came the clergy of the n basilica^ the Greek deacon, the penitentiaries, the 1 mitred abbots, four hundred and forty-eight i bishops, archbishops, and patriarchs, including I Greeks of the Melchite, Ruthenian, and Bulga ? riau rites, Armenian, Syrians, Chaldeans, Maro ? Tiifoa n.nr\ Drmfcs. t.hfi nii.rdina.lis in fln.lmn.t.ins. I chasubles, or copes of red — all a mass of gold embroidery — the magistrates, the nine assistants at the throne, the cardinals, deacons to assist I the Pope, the chief officers of the Noble and I Swiss and Palatine Guards in gala uniforms, the I lay chamberlains, the mace-bearers, the Pope on I his throne, followed by other officers, a host of 1 prelates and protonotaries, and by the generals I of the religious Orders, the whole line being es ? corted by Swiss Guards wearing their hauberks. 1 The bishops and the part of the procession pre 1 ceding them filled up into the tribune. The I cardinals and those immediately about the Pope I entered the reserve space before the chapel of 1 the Blessed Sacrament. When the Pope entered I the church the choir sang Tic es Petrus. When 1 he resumed his throne the silver trumpet jjealed i out as usual at the gallery over the great door. 1 By this time the heat was terrible, and the 1 candles were yielding to it in many parts of the 1 church ; many of them being actually bent down 1 the wax kepi', descending in showers upon those § Tfho were within range of the lights. The crowd I at this time in the church was beyond all reckon 1 ing. It is generally allowed that the population 1 «f Rome was doubled on that day, and one might 1 say without fear of exaggeration, that 250,000 1 persons must have entered St. Peter's during the i morning. Yut it was possible to make one's m way, and there were corners where one could 1 tettle oneself quietly. The pavement of the i wsles was pretty thickly strewn with persons I sitting where they could, well dressed persons 1 being no more particular than the contadiui who i squatted in any available place, many of whom I tell fast asleep as soon as they sat down. The 1 »tepa of the altars and the balustrades of- the I altars :were all turned to profit, and by a wise I precaution several strong benches had been placed 1 in different parts of the aisles. By an equally I ifise foresight, the gendarmes had been in I rtrncted not to meddle with persons who be-' I Jjaved decently, and the consequence was that I vfmai'^e bases of the pillars, the confessional I boxes, and the balustrades of side altars served I * standing places for many who would otherwise I «e seen nothing. And these persons were ? better off than those who had remained in the I wie for over three hours in the intense heat, for I 'my dropped out of the line and fainted after a I ™-g time of patient endurance before the best I P»t of the procession entered the church. Tiie I 'Pper ond ot' the church was by thia time, to». 1 (yost invisibly, so. thick a haze surrounded it. I hi'10 kaldachero. totally unornatneuted, 1 2 - out grandly and with an almost shadowy j ^gmlicence from the haze and mist. | iiea-iitnne. the ceremonial peculiar to the I SSatl°' had Win.- The Holy Father waa I ,( +u ?' llis throne -at the screen acroas the end 1 feat *'' li 0- sui'ro»n.ded by the biehopsaasis I flu «h y, tlle ministers of the sacrod function, I WMsr bishops aud the cardinal* aad patri I archs filling the long line of benches ' in. the t tribune. After each of the cardinals had paid j bis obeisance, the Cardinal-Procurator and an | advocate advanced to the throne, where the | advocate, on his knees, read the following ! formula of petition on the part of the cardinal : — ',' 'Most Blessed Father, the most rev. cardinal : here present earnestly begs that the venerable . and blessed Josaphat, Peter, and Nicholas, and their companions (martyrs), Paul and Leonard (confessors), and Frances and Germaine (virgins), may be inscribed by your Holiness in the cata logue of the saints of Jesus Christ Our Lord, and be honoured as saints by all the faithful of Christ.' The Secretary of Briefs replied, in the name of the Pope, that, as the subject of the petition was a very grave one, it was necessary to pray earnestly at the Throne of Grace, and to invoke the intercession of Our Lady, of St. Peter and St. Paul, and of the other saints, for help in the matter, even though the Holy Father was well aware of the virtues of the per sons proposed for canonisation. The cardinal and the advocate retired with this answer ; and the Holy Father, kneeling at the faldstool at the foot of the throne, the choir intoned the Litany of the Saints to the end of the Agniw JJci. The Pope once more seated . on his throne, the Caidinal-Procurator and advocate again advanced — this time to the steps of the throne — and the same petition was. once more made, with the change of the word ' earnestly' into ' very earnestly.' The Secre tary of Briefs once more replied, saying that in so grave a matter the Supreme Pontiff would first invoke the Holy Spirit, the fount of light. Upon which the cardinal and the advocate again retired, and the Holy Father again approached the faldstool, and one of the cardinals at the throne exclaiming ' Orate!' all knelt in silent prayer for a moment or two ; then at the word ' Lcvatet' all rose, and the Holy Father, stand ing by the faldstool, began the Veni Creator Spiritus, again to the first verse, and standing during the rest of the hymn. And now for the first time did the majesty of this function pene trate to every part of the church ; for the alter nate verses of the Veni Creator were taken up by tens of thousands of voices, and the effect was past all describing, as the singing spread like a contagion to the remotest corners of the church. The Holy Father having once more returned to his throne, the cardinal and his advo cate again appealed to the Pope — this time 'earnestly, very earnestly, and moat ear nestly' — upon which the Secretary of Briefs having replied that the Pope would now pro nounce the sentence, the Holy Father, seated on his throne, pronounced the following decree, the entire assemblage in the tribune standing while he read it : — '* In honour of the Holy and un divided Trinity, for the exaltation of the Catho lic faith, and the increase of the Christian reli gion, by the authority of Our Lord Jesus Christ, of the Blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and by our own autnority, upon mature deliberation, and after having often implored the Divine as sistance, and having taken counsel with our venerable brethren the cardinals, patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops, who are in the city, we do decree and declare the Blessed Josophat Kunceivich bishop ; Peter de' Arbrias, Nicholas Pichi, with his companions — to wit, Jerome, Theodoric, Nicasius, John, Willehad, Godefrid de Mervall, Antonius de Werde, Antonius of Horn, Francis, John, Adrian, James, John, Osterwick, Leonard, Nicolas, Godefrid, Duns, and Andrew, priests ; and Peter aud Cornelius, lay men, all martyrs ; Paul of the Cross and Leonard of Port Maurice, confessors ; Frances and Gennaiue, virgins, to be saints ; and we do ascribe them in the catalogue of the saints, and do appoint that memory shall be made of them wit 'i pious devotion in the Universal Church in each year — to wit, the memory of Josophat on' the 12th November, of Peter on the 17th September, of Nicolass and his companions on the 9th of July, as holy martyrs ; of Paul on the ; 2Sth April, of Leonard on the 26fch November, \ as confessors not bishops ; and of Mary Frances ' on the 6th October, and of Germaine on the 15th June, as holy virgins. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, '. Amen.' j The cardinal then supplicated for apostolic letters to this effect, and received in reply the i words, ' We. decree it, ' while the advocate ap- \ pealed to the protonotaries to notify this act of ; canonisation. They replied, ' We will attend : to it,' and called on the chamberlains near them i to be witnesses of the act. The Pope then in- i toned the fr-st words of the Te Deum, which the ! choir took up ; and each alternate verse was re- ! peated by the thousands and thousands of voices ! once more with the most thrilling effect. And j meantime the roaring of the cannon, the thud of | the mortars, aud the wild pealing of the bells — i for every church bell raug as on the preceding j day for an hour — was audible even above the j murmur ever going on in the church, while out j on the steps it swelled into a still wilder burst j of rejoicing. When the 2c Deum was done one j of the cardinal deacons intoned the versicle '*' Orate pro nobis Sancte Josaphat, Peter,' &c;, and after the response the Holy Father read the; prayer of the new saints. Then he passed to his throne at the side of the tribune, and during the singing of the decree he vested for the Mass. The Mass followed the order of other Papal Masses except in these few. particulars. After the Gospel the Holy Father read a Latin homily with reference to the subject of the day ; after which the Cardinal Deacon, having said the con fiteor, adding in the names of the new saints, the Holy Father gave the Apostolic Benediction, ?- published a plenary indulgence for all who were present at the function, and a partial indulgence of eeven years, and as many quarantines for those who should visit the shrines of the new saints on each recurring feast. The obligations followed next, and were another peculiar i'eature of the day. A complete set waa offered by each of the seven postulators of the causes, and each set consisted of five great candles, elaborately painted, of two large sponge cakes* covered with gold- leaf, of two little barrels richly gill — ime containing wine, the other water — of two doves, two cages, painted blue, and highly decorated, the cax-dinals of the Congregation of Rites pre senting them, the ceremony being very ancient. While, however, this was going on, there was something also going on which rivetted the at tention of pretty nearly every one present in. the basilica, and which caused a dead hush to fall over the vast crowd which thronged it. The mottet 7u es Petrus, set to music by the well known Musiafa, was sung by over four hundred voices, the Papal singers beiug stationed in their usual gallery, the tenors and basses at the lower end of the church in a gallery far up over the door, aud the trebles — boys from the boy choirs of the city — being out of sight in the cupola. Now one and now another of these choirs would take up the parts, now all would join in toge ther in a burst of voice that is past description, and now the trebles would be left alone, and their voices would die away in fading echoes far up in the dome. Anything more wonderful in musical effect it would be hard to imagine, and it alone was worth all the crush, and heat, and agony of maintaining for hours a difficult stand point, and worth all the drawbacks and expenses of a long journey. ? But to many who had endured most this con solation came too late. It was then close mid day, and thousands had fallen out of the crowd and given up utterly exhausted. There was nothing indeed to stay for after this. There were the silver trumpets as usual, but their beauty was almost unfelt after the- sublime beauty of the music. The Mass now came to an end, but it was past one before the Holy Father was borne down the church. He stopped in the centre of the nave to read the usual excommuni cation of the usurpers of the rights and property of the Church. Fagged though he was, he read it in a clear and decided tone, and, when at the altar, his roicc had been audible over the mur mur of the crowd, even in the farthest reaches of the church. .. i When all was over came the first pause of rest in the course of this fatiguing day. The making one's way homeward was, however, by no means easy ; what with gala carriages and the crowd which was passing Sant' Angelo. In the re staurants food was obtainable with great diffi culty, though, somehow or other, the supply was unfailing. Then, for perhaps an hour, the streets- wore something like a Festa look, which was succeeded by a new stream of people to St. Peter's ; for the church was again lighted, and this time there was no flaw in the lighting. And, as the light fell, while the double choir in the tribune was chanting Vespers, the scene was beyond all measure superb. The confession itself,-with its' garland of lights and flowers, was a sight of rare beauty. But every inch of the lighting told now. and the dome — save where the circle of candles made a thin rim of light — and the vault, and the far end of the tribune loomed darkly out in grand contrast to the glow of the rest of the building, and the wreaths and arches of light which it helped to set off so grandly. And now, too, the tiara and keys far up in the air glittered with a hundred colours, and, with the cross ot St. Peter, made a piece of lighting too effective for one easily to forget. The day had been a delicious one. The slight breeze from the north had continued all day, and never was breeze more merciful. It fell towards sunset, so that the fireworks in the Pincio were not effected by it. These fireworks quite out did the finest exhibition of former years. The opening subject was a facade representing the See of Rome, and below it, on the successive terraces, were other facades, with allegorical re presentations of the five divisions of the world, the name blazing in light over each. A wealth of fireworks followed — coloured lights of every description, stars of Ught illuminating the whole Piazza, aud the girandola was a double one. The giraudola itself is a circle of light, suddenly illuminated by a connection by means of wires to a common point, and comes at the close of the exhibition. Several field-pieces were em ployed to increase the volumn of sound, and the reverberation shook even the more distant houses of the city in the stillness of the night. The il lumination of the city was decidedly very gene ral, though of an unpretending kind ; but one was pleased to notice the profusion with which a ; class of lanterns above the ordinary run of lan ; terns, were employed to do the lighting During I the day, also, there had been a very marked i drapiug of the houses in festival guise, though I both in this and ia the lighting there were j blanks enough to show that the^matter was due I purely of choice. !? Notwithstanding the vastness of the crowds I everywhere during the day, and the abundance i of candles and hangings in the church, it is plea | sant to have only to chronicle three mishaps I which at all affected the events of the day. A \ chandelier fell when when the lighting of the | morning was nearly completed, but, being made, like all church chandeliers, of circles of tin, it j collapsed at once without hurting any one, | About this time also the silken hangings of one of the transept windows caught fire, but the fire men were on the spot and the flame was extin guished without any damage beyond that done to the curtain. Much more excitement was, however, caused by the attempt of a Cremonese operative to commit suicide, either from desper ation, ,or, perhaps, with an idea that he might stop the function by shedding blood in the ehurclii He attempted to kill himself, and stabbed himself in the abdomen, and made several^ gashes in his throat, quietly letting the blood run out- on the pavement. The place he selected was between the chair and the statue of St, Peter. He was seized by the gendarmes and carried? off to the hospital, where he lies ia a dangerous state. The Cardinal-Vicar was sent for, and steps at once taken to purify the church, though; the procession was already far advanced. The iloly Father knew nothing of it till night, though the wildest rumours were current in the city throughout the day. Sunday was another glorious day and the north winds blew up freshly. The road to St. Paul's vaa well thr*»god at six ia tho morning and omnibus after omnibus left new loads be hind them. The cabmen took advantage of the distance to ask exorbitant fares. More sensible people walked out, for at that hour the breeze was enlivening, and the road shady. A road which here hugs the base of the steep Aven- tura, all green with thick underwood, and here skirts the Tiber, allowing the eye to .wander over the towers and cupolas of seme of the most interesting parts of the city ; and here runs between vineyards and hedges was by no means disagreeable to walk upon in the freshness of the sunshine of a Roman early morning. The1 church itself was soon the rendezvous of pretty well half the city. But the lighting began at seven and was complete by eight, and a wonder- ? f ul sight it was, far distancing in beauty even St, Peter's, as seen at the Vespers of the pre ceding evening. It had been accomplished by , placing great candelabra with successive branches of lights before each column in the nave and round the transepts and the tribune, by chandeliers before each arch of the nave, by candles at the capital of each of the twenty columns of the nave, by a wavy line of light running round the church before the mosaics of the Popes, by a similar lin« ? further up on the cornice, and by lights below and above each of the frescoes still nearer the roof, while at the end of the church the windows - were decorated like the pictures of the clerestory . The arch waa traced in. lights ; other lights glittered about the mosaic over the arch, and in front of the baldachino were immense chande- ?'?:?. Hers of lights, the baldachino itself remaining, free to stand out from the mass. Another arch of light, traced the arch of the tribune, and there again were lights before the mosaics, while the tiara and keys glittered over the throne of the Pope. A lovelier sight it would be hard to come across. There was nothing grand about it as at ? St. Peter's on the night before, but the effect o£ these simple wavy lines of light running round , . the church in succession almost from the pave* ment to the roof, sparkling u£on the highly- ''i..-? polished arches and reflected in the polished;; i marble floor even in the daylight, was something fairy-like, only to be imagined by those who know this superb basilica. The arrangements deserved all that could be said for them. The transepts were cordoned off . .. , by eight o'clock ; the nave was left free to the people. Two doors were for ingress and two, for egress, and the fact was notified in large letters. The police and the soldiery left compliance with this regulation to the good sense of the people, and the result waa that everybody could gaze his fill on the scene before him without inconvenience . . and with no annoyance to his neighbour. As the lighting was effected by eight, people could come and return before the heat of the morning had fairly set in. The breeze kept up freshly, but the dust was tempered by the water cartst and yellow sand lay thick in the road, A breach had been made in the old walls, so that the Papal cortege instead of sweeping round to get out of the gate, eould make, a more direct cut into the way beyond. The arrangement took the cortege close past the decaying and forlorn old burial place of the Protestants, where poor . Keates i& lying, and sad and pitiable it looked ', under the glarish sunlight of the morning, with its , ; long unkempt grass and its mouldering head- ? stories of the old Pagan fashion, once so much im vogue with Protestants. The making this road was a decided gain in the arrangements, fer the approaches were nearly choked with carriages, and though notices had been stuck up at the , street corners, and published in the papers, peo ple were in happy oblivion of them, and the' bishops were as bad as the rest in trying to force a passage by a way which was closed at the ap pointed hour. The omnibusses were far too fetr for the needs of the day, and charged very high prices, and though a steamer kept plying between the Eipa Grande and the meadows of the basilica - it was of no very great service. . The function was a very simple one, the Pope only assisting, and there' was no procession of consequence. In the afternoon the church wa»; lighted again, and drew again an immense crowd. The place of martyrdom of St. Paul, a mile or so further on the road, was also a great centre of devotion during the afternoon. The evening: called for no exertion ; the city was partly illu minated, the Corso being lit, as on each night of the Octave it will continue to be lit, with spiral lights in place of the ordinary gas lamps, and] the public places being illuminated with lanterns. Monday brought with it the first of the secu-, lar festivities. The approaches to the Villa Borghese were thronged from an early hour of the afternoon by people of all conditions. A ? band of music was stationed in the temple on the lake, and the green sward, which makes a sloping bank round three sides of the amphi theatre, presented a really splendid sight. For there, under the shade of the fringe of trees which forms the topmost line of the amphi theatre, every available standirg-place was se cured. There were country women in their pic turesque costumes, ladies and gentlemen, pea sants, and artisans, and tradesmen, all grouped together, and the number must have been very great. This part of the entertainment was, in fact, the most striking part of it, though there were pony races, and horses races, and hurdle races ; these were, however, spoiled by the em ployment of circus women. There was a race of horses guided by men standing on the backs of -..', pairs of them, and there was a race of charioti, after the ancient model, which was very pretty. Then succeeded balloons and fireworks, pole climbing, and othe'r'featttr'es~of 'a' 'popular fes tivity. Prince Borghese had proeided this ea-, tortainmeHt entirely at his own expense. An entertainment of another kind begaii on. Monday. This was a grand triduuni at the French- church in honour of St. Germaine'r The.;, best French preachers were»annouuced to preach,, and there was a Latin sermon by ah Italian mousigjiore. Another triduum had ineanwhilo begun on Sunday at San Carlo, in Catanaari, when Monsignori Dupanloup, Mennillod, anl Ghilardi were announced among the preadwra. The Bishop of OrtauK vn, towwtt, U% wvdS ;' ? to attempt it. The churches in both instances '/ were decorated with lavish expense, and a mili / tary band played at night in each piazza. \ On Tuesday afternoon the Roman College gave a polyglot academy, at which most of the cardi ? nals and bishops now in Rome were present. The space was, however, limited, as the tribune . 1 fori the singers and speakers had been erected ; ' across the top of the nave. There were recitations in Latin, prose and verse ; in Greek, Latin Spanish, Portuguese, French, English, and j Celtic. Each composer recited his own piece, and the compositions were almost entirely in verse. Signor Messina— one of the most able 1 speakers in the schools of the college — presided, uuu uenverea wie opening piece, ocociauu was represented by Mr. Brady — a young lad — who delivered some Greek elegiacs with much success ; and another member of the Scotch college sue- 1 ? ? uessiuiiy delivered a uemc poem. Mr. liougn nan, of the English college, delivered the Eng ' lish poem with great spirit and taste. Each composition had reference to the reign of the I present Pontiff, the present persecutions of the I Church, or to the events of these last few days. Many of the pieces were allowed to be of con siderable mark as compositions. Before, and between, and after the recitations were some , exquisite singing, and there wa3 a full orchestral band. Meniconi, of the Papal chapel, and some young boys of the college choir did their parts with a sweetness which made this exhibition a i rare treat. The mnsic was entirely original. Yesterday the Forum was illuminated, and to night the galleries of the Capitol will be illuini ? m»X.~»3 f~_ ..£~?J....... Til. — Ct ? I ? 1 ? .1 ? f 1 iicvueu mr vjHituia. xue ouuauor nas also a great I reception in his official palace. There will be an academy at the Capitol at six. To-morrow and Saturday will bring partial illuminations and smaller exhibitions, and on Saturday the dowries of £20 given by the city on this occasion ?will be drawn for publicly by the girls who have been decided to be eligible. The Ho)y Father ioueivcu. i«uw lusnopa on lvionaay ; uiieymaae him a splendid addiess, and his reply was equally remarkable. The city is rapidly empty ing, the numbers going by every train baffling all ? UJ! ? 1 _ __ 1 _ 1 ? 1*1. * - m ..a tmunary calculation, ana tne cnances ot getting off at all obliging one to be at the station long before the hour announced for departure. The railway companies have given every facility to the Crowds, and they haveoftered a series of tickets available for twenty days, which permit of ex cursions at half price to all the most celebrated places in Italy, including Loreto. These tickets can be had up to the 10th, and they put Susa within reach at the absuredly small sums of 27f., dor., ana 4Sr., which the privilege of travelling where one wills cheaply within the twenty days, on the expiration of which one must be at Susa. I am afraid that these speculators are all foreign ers ; certainly they are not, Romans, for the want of speculation in the people was never more ap parent than it has been within the last few days. An enterprising foreigner, who would have let, chairs at a franc apiece to see the processions, and plied plenty of omnibuses at fair rates to all the great centres of attraction within these few days, might have made a good round sum by it. But speculation is not a Roman virtue, or failing ; the people take after the climate, and a change of government would never make them different. They might become reckless ; they would become bo low and debased that one shudders to think ot it ; but speculators they would never become. Foreigners coald profit by the change to prey upon them as the European has preyed upon the Indian. In time, however, the climate would also tell upon the foreigners, for so it is that physical ardour dies oub of a man, and he gets into a ? laissezfaire sort of way of doing things after Ion' residence in Rome. The exnerienne'is -that of all who have come under the chance of learning by by it, and as people have often re marked, the very dogs in the street are a gentle, .well-mannered, race, with no energy or go in them, and whom you have to kick oufcofyour path. I cannot end this long letter without noticing the very favourable impression which the Spanish clergy have created here. The number can hardly have been much less than that of the . French, but, as a body of men, of gentlemanlike appearance, of dignified and ecclesiastical bear ing by n° means common or reserved, and quiet, and courteous manners, no such body of ecclesi astics has ever come under our notice. Tt is singular^ too, how intellectual is the ordinary ran of countenances among them ; how difficult it would be to fix upon any one of them as the son of a peasant. Yet numbers of them must bo ?prungirom the lower classes, though they pre ?ent no trace of their origin. P.S.— I should have mentioned . that over the central arches of the facade of St. Peter's were three banners representing the apotheosis of the . martyrs of Gorcum, of the other martyrs and , confessors, and the matyrdom of St. Peter and of St. Paul. Box wreaths decorated the centre aruu as usual on nign clays. In tue vestibule were eight pictures high up over, the doors re presenting sceres of the death, burial, or martyrdom, or from the life of the holy martyrs *nd confessors to be canonised. The troops wore sprigs of box in their kepis and helmets during the day. A new oratorio of Listz's is an nounced for Saturday. I hope that your readers will notice one fact in the account of these proceedings, which, is that we had much gracious weather. After the intense and killing heat there came on, when the city was fullest, a week or two of such refreshing weather that overy trace of sickness left us. Had the weather been sultry or siroccoish the mortality and the aafferiag must have been very great. Not even the weather was allowed to flaw this triumph of the Church. \- The Rev. Rowland Hill oaco srtUt, on observ ing Bouie persons enter his chapel to avoid the ram that was falling, »« many perao,,g are to ^ Warned for making their religion a cloak ; but I «o not think those much better who make it an ?tnbrella.' Those who boast of plain speaking generally *ke it only m themselves. ? - .r-'-iti:;.:.-,.^ -.. - ;..; ;;'.;...«?; i. ?.,-.: ...... '_ : ?;???? ' ? 