THE REVIEWER. Sea Spray and Smoke Drift.' Tbero nover was a time, perhaps, whon thoro wero io many versiGora and so fow poets, as at Ihe present day. It it right Io odd, howover, that numbers of those who only pass for versifiers now, woul I lnvo been accepted as poets o century ago. Indeed, ono has only to turn up any coucotivo cnuion ot (no .uriugu poets, in order to perceive how vory modest was tlio standard of excellence Bet up by those who edited such collections for the instruction and dclcotntion of our great-grandfathers nnd groat-grandmothers. The Bromefl, tho Pi.ta, tho YhUIoiib, tho Dyern, tho Armstrongs, and tho Phillipses, whom JohtiBon and Chalmers recogmsod as Worthy of a placo upon tho mustfr roll of our national poets, would not bo admitted among tho dii wiinorcj of our own timo. ISron Sotithfy is pooh-poohed. Oowpor undervalued, and Crabbo neglected. Wo have grown fastidious nnd cxigeant. A gor.crolion which is familiar with Byron, Wordsworth, Shelley, Kents, Moore, Tonnyaon, and the Brownings ; not to speak of Scott, Rogers, Campbell, Ingolow and Swiuburne, and fifty lessor luminaries, has arquirort tho right to bo dainty in ila tastes aud critical in its judg ments. Every-day fare will not satisfy our litorary appotitOB. Consequently, when a now writer proictits himsslf for oxamina-ion, wo are apt to bo rather particular about his credentials, and to liesitoto about ondorsing his title to admission within tho privileged cirolo of tho poets. It was in this scrupulous spirit that wo addressed ourselves to tho critical perusal of the slender volume before us. The titlo was fanciful, we had never beard either of ' AshtarotV or of its author; and although the writer of this review had been informed that somo of tho vors** now ropriu'tod had originally appeared in Bell's Life, ho can truly aver tbat he had nevor leon them, and seither knew tbe name nor the person of the writer. Consequently we sat down to tho book in a porleotly unbiassed framo of mind ; or, it not unbiassed, with a sort of bolief that wo were about to ondure for the fiftieth time the crude experiment) in verso, of some unfledged pootaitcr, who had set up for a geiiius on the strength of his being ablo to tag somo poBiablo rhymes in six-ond-eight. After reading two or thrco stanzas of tho first poom, howover, we became intorrated in it. Tnoro wat no mis taking tho distinctive impress of tbe gentleman and scholar; and, as we read on, wo disco vered that not only did ho posBOst an ear attuned to rhythm, but that his language had a lyrical flow, and his epithets a pioturesque ness aud vigour, as oharming as unexpected. Ho describes with an animation, a vividness, and a force and felioity ef diotion whioh show that ho has been accustomed, liko Bossuet, to ' light his lamp at tbe sun' of Homer. There is. in fact, tbo true Homoiio ring in tbe two following vorfies : — . ' - ' Swift assault nnd sudden tally Underneath the Trojan wall ; Charge, and countercharge, and rally, i War-cry loud and trumpet call ; Doubtful strain of desp'rato battle, Cutiuiii thrust and crnppleflerec, ? Swords that ring on shields that rattle, Bln.lea tbnt gash and darts that plcrco ;— ' I havc'lone with these for over ; i 'v By tlio loud resounding sea, \~' Where tlio rtodyjnvllns quiver, U'licrc la now no nluco for me. Day by day our ranks diminish, ? Wo are lulling day by day j ? But our sons the strife wllf finish. Where man tarries, man must slay.' In contrast with these resonant and spirited veries, let us quote those m whioh tho dying wurnuL auurvDBoi uiuiecu iv xirisoiB. jlv us surely unnecessary to point out the tenderness of feeling which breathes through thorn : — , 13. 'Dry thnnc violet orbs that cllatcn, fiarlunr. I have hail my day: Dace your hand In mine and listen, Ero the Btrnng xoul cleaves Kb way Through tlio death mist hovering o'er me, As the stout sulp cleaveB the wave, To my fathers, gone before me, To the gods who love tho brave! 14\. ' . ' Courage, we must part for certain ; . Bhndes that sink and shades that rifle. Blending in a sbroud- llke curtain, . . Gather o'er tlicao weary eyes. O'er the fields we used to roam. In Brighter days and llffhter cheer, Gathers thus the quiet gloaming,— , How, I ween the end la near. ' l«. ' For tlio hand that clasps your fingers, Ctoslnc In the death-grip tight, Scarcely feels the warmth that lingers, Scarcely heeds tho pressure light ; While the failing pulse that alters, Changing 'ncath a death-chill damn, Flickers, flutters, flags, nnd (alters, Feebly, like a waning lamp. )6. ' Thlnkst thou, love, 'twill chare my ghost, In ' ' . Hades' realm where heroes shine, . Should I hear the shepherd boasting , - To his Arrive coucublno? Let him boast, the girlish victor, Let him bragr; not thus, I trow, Wero the laurels torn from Hector, : Not so very long ago. ' Docs my voico sound' thick and husky 7 Is my hand no longer warm ? Bound that neck where pearls look dusky Let me once more wind my arm ; Kest my head upon that shoulder, Where It rested oft of yore s Wirm and white, yet sccnilng colder Now than o'er It aecm'd before.' The whelo Bceno is brought visibly, before the eyes of tbe reader j Aohilles raising himself painfully from his oouoh, gazing into the eyes of Briieis with tho yearning look of one from whoso eyes everything around him is rapidly fading away, and ding ing with a passionate tenacity to the heart he loves, while he in drifting out of life ; ' And his spirit seems to roll With the tide of swift Scamandor, BuBhlng to a viewless goal.' We can eveu for/jive thu eouiewhat redundant alliteration at the end of the fifteonth ntnrzi. beoauso each verb is so well chosen, and de scribes with such technical accuracy the vacil lating notion of the failing puleo. Tho veries entitled ' Gone,' commemorativoof tboBplendid oxploit of O'Hura Burke, although they bavo not tho sustained power which distinguishes trio poem wo havo just quoted from, contain Borne fine quntruini. Horo is ono whioh do piots tho arid interior of Australia by a few donisivo touoheB :— ' What matters tlio sand or the whitening chalk, The Uigutcd lierbasre, the black'nlng Tos, Thu crooked boak of tho cBdlohawk. Or tho hot rod tongue of the native dog?' Tho elurnorils of tho picture aro few aud simplo; but, if we substitute ' blinding ' for ' whiten ing ' chalk, nothing is wanting to itt com pleteness—the glare of tho weary plain, its sun-burnt surface, unbroken by any object but somo fragments of charred timber, or a gaunt and thirsty dingo, and tho only speck upon tho Bky a bird of prey waiting to swoop down upon its quarry. Tho author of ' Sea Spray and Smoko Drift ' is never turgid or pretentious. There is no fino writing iu this volume Ho ovidently knows that strength and sweolness aro perfectly compatible with simplicity, and ho makes a copiouB uso of monosyllables, therein following the example of tome of our greatest pooti. It it, to our thinking, not tho least merit of the versci subjoined that nearly eleven- twelfths of the words employed are words of one tjlhble :— ' With the platol elenohed In his fulling hand, Witli the death mint Hprcado'erhlflladhiL' eyes, lie saw tno 8un go uowu on the sand, And lie slept, aud never saw It rise : 'Twaa well; ho lulled till Ills task was (lone, Constant and calm In his latest throe. The storm was weathered, the battle was won, Wlieiiliowent,myfricndB,whcrowoallmuBtgo, ' God grant that whenever, soon or late, Our course Is run, and our goal is reach 'd, Wo may meot our fate- as steady and straight, Ah he whose bones in yon doBcrt bleach'd ; No tears uro needed— our checks aro dry. Wo lmvo none to waste upon living woo j Shall wo slgli for ono who has ceased to »lgh, llavlnir jioue, my friends, where wo all must go ?lP In narrativot of sporting adventure, our aathor is especially at homo. They might have boon written in tho saddle, undor Iho immediate inspiration of a brilliant burst, ami all tho oxliilaratin; influences of an exoiting gallop, Tlio poom entitled ' By Flood and Field' will not suffor by comparison with Robort Browning's 'How thoy brought tho good uows lrom ilhont to Aix j' and h as good bb thu beat of Mr. Thornhury'i 'Songs of tho Oavalios and Rnundhoada') whilo tho ox traot from ' Lex Talionis,' oitod below shows the strong grasp whioh tho writer's imagination ? ' Sea Spray and Smoko Drift.' Hy tho author of 'Ashtivroth.i' Melbourne : G. BobertBou. hat on the salient point* of tne scone which he desoribei with such ooncias foroe and vivid' pioturelqueness i— ? . ?? '???' '?' ' ', : i ' ?--Ahl friend, did you think when the ' London ' Timber by timber, plank by plank, In n cauldron oi boiling surf, How alono at least, with nevor a fllnoli. In a rally contested inch by Inch, ?Von could fall on the trampled turf J When a livid wall of the Bea leaps high, in nm iiuiu ii^iu ui ?? 11.11111:11 anj ( And bursts on the quarter railing ', While the howling Btorm-miflt seems to vio With the crash of Bplinfer'd beams that fly, Yet failn too oft to flinother the cry Of women and children walling 1 ThcnthOBO who listen In sinking ships. To despairing sobB from their loved one's lips, Where the green wave. thtiB nlowly chatters, Hay long for tho crescent clftw tbnt rips The blBOn Into ribbons aud Btrlps, And tears the strong elk to tnttcrs.' In tho ' Rippling Water' and tbo 'Sunlight on the Sen ' tbo samo effective uso has been made of a soothipg or of a solemn refrain, whioh Mrs. Browning resorted to in tho 'Rhymo of thoDuohces May.' Tbo second of tho two lyrics wo have named is ono of tho best in the volume, both as regards form and tubetanco. . It has for itt subordinate titlo 'The Philosophy of a Foast,' and purports to bo addressed by a reveller to his oomrsdes whilo tho sun is dropping down behind tho soa, and ' tho lights oro growing dim,' and tho molan choly gloaming brings with it sad aad tender thoughts of tho absent and thodead, alternating with flashes of merriment and transitory efforts to banish tho sombro reflections whioh obtrude themselves perforco upon the speaker's mind. Hero and thero wo alight upon a thought, or come upon on expreBiion worthy of tbe author of 'Iu Mcmoriam,' at in tho following stanzas: — ' I miss the form of one I know— (Tlio Buullgut wanes upon tho sea) '1'Ib not bo very long neo j Wo drank his health with three times-three, And we wero gay when ho was horo ; ? And lip is gouo. and wo are gay. Whoro has he gone 1 orfnr or near ? Good sooth, 'twere somewhat hard to say. i'ou glance nsldo, you doubtless think My homily a foolish whim, 'Twill soon be ended, cat aud drink, Tho lights arc growing dim. ? '. The fruit Is ripe, tho wiue Is red. ( Iho buuIIkIi t fiulesupon the sea) To us the absent arc thu dead, Tho dead to ub must absent be. We, too, the absent ranks must join ; Aid friends will censure aud forget s There's metal basa in every coin ; Men vanish, leaving traces yet Of evil, and of good behind, Since false notes taint the skylark's hymn. And dross still lurks In gold rellncd— Tile lights nrc growing dim. ' We' eat or drink or e'er wo die, (The sunlight flashes ou the Ben) Three hundred soldiers feasted high An hour before Tuermopyle ; r Lconldaspour'd out the wiue And shouted crolie drain'd the cup, ' IIo 1 comrades, lot us rrullydino - This night with I'luto we shall sup ;' And It they leuu't upon a reed, And if their reed was slight nnd sllra. There's somcthingf,rood in Spartan creed, The lichts are erowinp- dim. ' Make merry, comradeB, cat and drink, (Tbo Bunllght Hashes on the Ben) - ' My Bplrit is rejoiced to think That oven as they wero so are wo ; For they, liko us, were mortals vain, Tho bIbvcb tocartlily passion wild, -Who slept with hcapB of l'crslans slain For winding shocta around them plied. . The dead men a deeds arc living still— My Foatlvo speech is somewhat grim— Tliclr good obliterates their ill, The IlfflitB are growing dim. ' We eat and drink, wo como and go, (The Biiullpht dies upon the Bea) I epeak Itt riddles. Is It bo? My riddles need not mar your gleo ; For I will neither bid you share My thoughts, nor will I bid vou shun, Though I Bhould sec in yonder chair. 'i'h' Egyptian '» muffled nkeleton. One toast with me, your glasses till, Aye.HU them level with tho brim, Demortuit, nisi bonum, nil I .Thoughts aro growing dim.' Whether ho describe* the tumult of strife, tho impetuosity of tho chase, tbo roposo of sculp luro .(as in 'Bellona'), or translated into verso the languaago of tno pencil (as jo. 'Delilah') tho author of taeso poems it rarely caroleas and noror woak. How graphic and compact is this picturo of tha goadesj of war :— ' Thou art moulded In marble Impassive, False goddess, fair statue of strife, Yet Btandeat on pedestal massive, A symbol and token of life. . Thou art still, not with stillness oriangour, And calm, uot witli calm boding rcat ; . For tlilno Is all wrath and all anecr That throbs far and ncur in tho breast Of man, by thy presenco pobscss'd. ' With tho brow of a fallen arobangcl, , Tho Una ot a beautiful liend, And locks that are snake-like to strangle, And eyes from whose depths may bo glean'd The presenco ol pnsaloun. that tremble Unbidden, yet shine as they may , Through features too proud to dissemble, Too cold and too calm to betray ; ' Their secrets to crcatuies of clay.' ?? Here is a companion piece, descriptive of 'Samson in tho toils of Delilah : — ' Oh 1 iork't-tonguo of adder, by her pent In smooth Hub 1— oh, Sybarite blind 1 - ' Oh, woman allied to tho sur pent I Oh, beauty with venom combined 1 ' ? Oh, might overcoming the mighty I ? Oh, glory departing I oh, shame I Oh, altar of talsc Aphrodite, : What strength is consumed in thy flame I ' Strong chest, where her drapery rustles. Strong limbs by her black trcsics hid ; Not alono by tho might of your muscles, Yon lion wan rent like a kid I , The valour from virtue tbat sunders : Is reft of Its nobler part; ' And Lancelot's arm may work wonders, But braver 1b Galahad's heart.? As a writer of vert de tociete, that speoies of composition in which Praed excelled and Looker shinoi, pur author unites delicaoy of thought and vivacity of feeling with grace and fluency of expression 1 bo that whilo in his more ambitious productions— in those whioh depiot ttrong passion or soehes of stirring in terest, he displays what wo may term the sturdy musolo of his mind; he exhibits in the former that seniitivo norve and vibratory fibre, without which tho naturo of tlio true ortiat— bo bo poet, painter, sculptor, or aotor — is incomplete. 