CEMETERY OF THE INDEPENDENTS, HASLEM'S CREEK. Yesterday afternoon several hundreds of persons con- nected with the Independent churches in Sydney (both by railway from Sydney, Newtown, Ashfield, and Burwood to Haslem's' Creek, to the dedication of the new cemetery set apart for those two denominations. The portion belonging to these denominations is situated about half-way between the north and south side's of the cemetery, near that allotted to the Jews. The Rev. Mr. SHEPHERD, Baptist minister of New- town, commenced the proceedings by giving out the 90th psalm (Dr. Watts' version), which was sung by the meeting. The Rev. F. HIBBERD, Baptist minister, Sydney then read in the Holy Scriptures part of the 4th chapter of the first Epistle, to the Thessalonians, and also part of the 15th chapter of the first Epistle to the Corinthians. The Rev.. T. JOHNSON, of Bourke-street, offered a prayer suited to the occasion. The Rev. JOHN GRAHAM then gave out the hymn beginning. " Love's redeeming work is done." This hymn having been sung, The Rev. J. Graham addressed the audience. He said they were come, not to "consecrate'' this place. They did not profess to impart to this cemetery any bodies or souls of the dead who were to be buried in it. But they were come as representatives of two denomina- tíons of Christians, publicly to dedicate this ground to the sacred purposes of Christian sepulture. God's true temples are the bodies of believers; as it is said " Know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost!" These temples are sacred, even in their ruise, and shall be rebuilt at the resurrection in glory. Therefore, the place that con- tains the dust of our dead has a peculiar interest to us. Solemn and holy are the thoughts that gather round the narrow and crowded cemetery that we are called on by our Government to abandon. That cemetery has been the burial place of strangers far from home and kindred. Many a tear of affection has been shed on that spot; and many a solemn and timely word has been spoken ; albeit the din of commerce sounded too near. Now the Legisla- ture, in wise regard to the interests of the living, has ruled that burials must be removed to a sufficient distance from the city. We gratefully receive the allotment of this beautiful spot in which to deposit the remains of our co-religionists, and perhaps, our own. Parents will here resign to the lonely grave the cherished forms of beloved children. Here hands plighted at the altar will be parted. Here parental dust will be deposited amidst children's tears. Here perhaps the stranger will shed a tear over loved ones, resting far away from their ancestral homes. Here the pilgrim will drop his staff and end his journey. Here the rich and the poor will meet together, for the Lord is the maker, of them all. Apart from Christian hope, this would be a place of utter death and dolefulness ; we should see only the black ness of darkness when contemplating the future of this spot, the sorrows of those also will visit it, from genera- tion to generation. The blackest pall would then be suitable, as the drapery of death. The heathen who knew not God were thus without hope. Believers in God under the old dispensation, had only the twilight of home in resurrection. But to us the darkness is past, and, the true light shineth; for Jesus Christ has abolished, or counterworked, death, and brought life and immortality to light by the Gospel. The blessed God can now, in harmony with his laws, bestow on us the boon of endless life, and eternal blessings. The wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life, through Jesus Christ our Lord. The clear statements of Jesus as to the doctrine of resurrection cast the light of certainty upon that truth. He, in presence of the wreck ot humanity, in the midst of the sorrows caused by death, pro- claimed this truth, saying-"I am the resurrection and the life; he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live ; and he that liveth and believeth in me shall never die." This he proved by his own resurrection and ascension to the right hand of God. And "If we believe that Jesus died to rise again, even so them also that sleep in Jesus will God bring with Him." That will be the crowning work of redemption; the fulfilment of the highest conception of the human soul. We look on this cemetery in the light of Him who is the light of the world. It will be-what the name cemetery means -a "sleeping place" for many who having fallen asleep in Jesus will rise to be for ever with Him and with each other. Though the body lie in the darkness of a long but unfelt night, it is the germ that shall burst forth in fresh beauty and arise in divine splen- dour. Prisoner in the grave for a while, it shall come forth radiant,with the light and instinct with im- mortality. Sown in weakness it shalt be raised in power ; sown an animal body, it shall be raised a spiritual body ; town in corruption it shall be raised in incorruption ; sown in dishonour it shall be raised in glory ; and shall bear the image of the heavenly. We look for the Saviour who shall change this vile body that it may be fashioned like unto His glorious body, by the energy by which He is able to subdue all things unto himself. Made like Him, with Him we rise. Ours the cross, the grave, the skies. Not with unmitigated gloom, therefore, do we contemplate this place. Hearts may bleed; but Christian consolation will abound. The voice of the Christian pastor will be heard using words of Christian hope. We dedicate this ground to the use of the living to bury their dead. We dedicate it to the glory of Him who is the light of life and the Lord of all. We dedicate it to Him as a place for the burial of the saints of Him who redeemed us by His blood and made us kings and priests unto God, who was dead and is alive for evermore. We dedicate it to Jesus Christ the Redeemer of the world, for a sleeping place of His saints until He comes in the clouds of heaven to judge the world. And is there not, beloved friends, something else that we should dedicate this day? We dedicate this ground to God. But it has cost us nothing. We may soon forget this service. But I beseech you, by the mercies of God, that ye dedicate your bodies a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable to God, which is your reasonable service. Dedicate to Him these bodies, that shall by-ond-by sink like broken vessels to the ground-these hands that will grow stiff in death and moulder in the dust-dedicate to Him in works of mercy. These feet that must be laid in the grave dedicate to God that they may be swift to run in the way of his commandments. That tongue that shall be silent in the pulseless head dedicate to God, that it may plead for Him, that it may offer to Him words of prayer and praise. Present yourselves, your minds, your all, to God who made you, to Christ who redeemed you, to the Holy Ghost who waits to sanctify you. Then, when you come to die you may look up with joy and say - Darkness and doubt ara now clearing away; No longer I roam in conjecture forlorn; Soon shall I enter the region of day, Now breaks on my soul the effulgence of morn. Then will you see truth, love, and mercy, combined in triumph, nature glowing with the prospects of new creation, the glories of the future swallowing up all losses in the hope of the day when the body inmortal shall wake from the tomb. May the God of Heaven accept the dedication we make to Him that loved us and gave Himself for us. The Rev. S. HUMPHREYS, of Surry Hills, offered prayer, especially seeking the spirit of self-dedication to God. The Rev. Mr. HOWDEN, of Burwood, gave out the hymn beginning "And am I born to die ?" The Rev. J. GRAHAM then concluded the service with prayer and the apostolic benediction. The congregation then returned by train to their res- pective homes. THE LATE ROWAN RONALD, Esq. SincE the sudden decease of this gentleman, those who knew him have, no doubt, reviewed the valuable services he rendered to the community, as a consistent and efficient advocate of the total abstinence cause for a period of seven years; and, as his philanthropic labours were confined princi- pally to Balmain, where he had resided for a consider- able time, it is there that ???? his usefulness are most strikingly manifest; the five hundred and seventy names of total abstainers which appear in a private register, which he kept, afford testimony ex- plicit enough, as to his success in this good work. It was quite in keeping with his benevolent nature, that when he assumed the managership of the Paper Com pany, and went to reside at Liverpool, he laboured, despite the pressure of business avocations, to advance the total abstinence cause in that township, and succeeded a establishing there, a Total Abstinence Society and Band of Hope numbering conjointly one hundred and forty members. The many excellent qualities which adorned the cha- racter of the deceased, caused a concurrent sense of loss to mingle with the regret evoked, by the announcement of his death. Disease of the brain, accelerated by overwork, was the immediate cause, we are informed, of his sudden and untimely removal. REDFERN CHORAL SOCIETY-- This vocal association, under the conductorship of Mr. G. W. Wilson, will give a concert to night in the school-room attached to the Congregational Church, Redfern. The programme announces the first part of Handel's Messiah; and s selection of sons and concerted pieces for performance The names of Madame Flora Harris and Mr James Waller, two of our best and most favourite amateur singers, will take part in the music, Mr. Waller is to sing the celebrated "Largo al Factotum," a song always received with rapture. Altogether the pro- gramme is well selected, and the music will doubtless be veryexcellontly performed; . . ¡ . 1 TUB OSHA - " Roberto ' Il Diavblo" continues it . successful career and attracts crowded houses on caji representation. Tho grandpur of its production, powcrfu cast bf cbaractor, and excellence of pcrforraajice, entitli all engaged in tho opora tb high praise, . and as Iti attra'ctiorjiincroaaea with each repetition it may fairly be considered the greatest of Mr. W. S. Laster's pro- ductions. ' , PAINFUL ACCIDENT.-On Saturday morning avery painful accident occurred ' to Dr. Scbry ver, under th? following circumstances :-Mrs. Carroll, wife of ¿lr, Carroll, soliciter, residing at Kamora, was engaged in preparing breakfast, wheu she screamed for aid. Mr, Carroll dt once obeyed, and found bis wife bloedin< profusely from the mouth. Tho-servant ran lo a nolghbour for help, andr Mr. Kingsborough kindly attended, and rendered rauoh eervioo in arresting thc flow of'blood. Mr., Carroll proceeded on horseback to Nowtown.'for Dri Sobryror, who rose from his bod. it being then about 8,30, a.m.,. and accompanied Mr. Carroll to his residence./,Mödicinos and other moans wcrorosortod to," as¡it \ was. found,' Mr«. Carroll had ruptured a blood- yessel. A'flVr successfully accomplish- ing th¡B task, Dr.'Schryvor möünted Ina horso, with n view to proceed to Canterbury. Whoa near Mr. Cole's grocery store, thé horse shied, or stumbled, and Dr.' Kohry vcr was prooipit'atad_ to'the ground by which ho . sustained .a,^compound fracture, of. tba, right arm and a eovoro bruiso on the. loft temple'.' Mr.' Colo ; ron dore d ovory'assistance' till'tho unfortunate doctor i wa», removed to his own rosidanoo, where ho now ra-' mains, under tho, treatment of , Dr. Gray, ClIAHaS»., AGAINST , THB , BRAIDWOOD - POLIOS.:-;A correspondent at Braidwood .wfi^os a's follows: -"Willi :rofercneo.to making /ineoiilo^aoousalio/i^, against tho police, it is - scarcely. to ' bo expected that any private !porson .will como forward to Jodgo' a complaint, for/in that case,-Mr. Scaryoll.or some other professional niau,' . would rccoivo .bis Ave guineas foo from tho delinquent/, and tho unfortunate complainant would bVbolborc'd and badgered out of his wjts. A commission scorns to be the best'woy. of gotling'át the root of tho. ovil-if it really, exista to such a dogreo aa is generally sus- pected." '.'" ". ','"' ' ' ". DnrixQ Flos.-Tho following mode of drying' and" preserving ilsa may bo of service, to..a correspondent who madoan inquiry on tho subjcbtMn Tho Australa- sian of .January ;5th':-When ripe,-but-bofo>o they burst, pluck them carefully.. Lay" thom on a trellis in tho sun until the side uppermost turns; to a yellowish brown; whon turn thom over to.Jot.tbo other side dry In Uko mnnnor. During this proooss the (Ige are hot allowed to touch-each other,.nor rain nor dow.to touoli thom. Whoa thus driod.lboy aro put into a basket, and dipped in.a.- copper of boiling water,, Just to scald tho skins.' Thebaskot With thoOgs in-ia then hung up until the waterihasgrained away, whon.tho', figs aro . thrown out intoolcnn dry tow-or wool, and figs and towera thrownovor and over lo pop out every drop of moisture. Thon they are laid out in tito sun as, before, with tho siojplo addifioüíof being prosicd between: tho hands ono by ona as they aro" laid, only.not, to hurst thara.. 'Whoa inns laid the sugar soon begins lo 'appaar;on tho skin, .whtoh'sbowetboy aro««dy,ifori,packing or stringing. When packed or strung tboy. nra. prossod tigl; tl y against each other. N.B.-No part of tho skin has' to bo, re« moved, and whoa you pluok thora loave a little hit bf stalk on, If maggots ooma out cflor tboy arc pocked st , strung oil tho botter,-S, I 