i , YVESLEYAN CHURCH SUSTENTATION AND EXTENSION SOCIETY ANNUAL MEETING. TUB annual meeting of too Kew South Wales Wesleyan Sustentation and Extension Socioty was held yesterday evening, in tho Wesloyan church, Bourke-atreot, Surry Hills, when ita claims wero advocated by several clorica! and lay members of that communion. Tho chair waa occu- pied by Mr. E. Vickery. Owing to- the very unfavourable i aspect sr the weather, the attendance was far from being OB numerous as had bees expected. Proceedings having boon commencod hy psahuody, prayer waa offered up by the Itev. H. H. Gaud, tbo President of tho Conference. Tbo CHAIRMAN aaid tbo object of their meeting that evening was, that the rev. Secretary's report might ho received, and an opportunity afforded for advocating tho preaching of tho Gospel to every person in Now South Tho 83citr.TAiiY (Kov. f, Oram) read tho report, which was as follows. The coimnilteo of the New South IVales Wesleyan Methodist LU uren Btai'tiuiuon ana üxtcmian society, in presenting tnelr eighth annual report, would express their thankfulness to God for His continued 30odncsa to this, as well as other institution» con- nected with onr beloved 7lon V. our committee feel that there is no society connected with tho VV csleyan Church that has stronger olitims upon your Cbnst.an liberality than this It contemplate» in ita objects matters of filch Mist interest and importance to our Church in this land that to neglect It, or lo withhold yoursupport, from its funds would be lo neglect the welfare of Methodism, and to treat the religious wants and claims of numbers or our fcllow-colonista with cul- pable Indifference Xhc success which has so far attended this society in building temples dedicated to the worship of the one living and truo God, in sending forth minister* of His nord to proclaim Christ and Him crucified, and In tbo increased membership of tho Church, your committee deem most encouraging, and arc convinced that such success will, with tho Dvvino blessing, continue and increase as the friends continuo and Increase their support. " How shall they hear without a prsachcr, and how shall they preach except they be sent " The number of church members in this colony, as reported last Conference, is 5097, with 3S0 on trial for membership. The in- come of the socletyfor 18CC i»J53351 0s 3d,ofwhich sumJGlO-U 2s Id the several circuits contributed. The committee hivo not been able to meet all tho appl'cations for assistance, but they have made such a distribution of the funds they had at their disposal a« ihcy believe will most conduce to the general Interest of our Church, and the cause of Christ The past year bas been fraught with commercial disasters, un- favourable to tho funds of tul« and kindred Institutions, but notwithstanding the pressure of various unfriendly circumstances, and w hilo thero is a deficiency In the incoino from somo of tbo circuits, thero is a considerable increase from others, so that m the aggregate tho deficiency is not sa great as was feared But your committee earnestly hope, now the saciety is firmly established, and its nature generally understood, resourcci will not bo want ng to enable them to carry Into ever increasing e ífoct the v cry important objects for which it was formed Vour committeo sec with regret, that m some of tho circuits there bas been a serious falling oil in the amount of sub»cnp.ions, and would take this opportunity of urging the importance of laving in each circuit weekly or monthly collectors, biliovmg 11 tiny do, if friends were called on in such a way, thev would uspond, little or more, lo thi« as to other calls. As collections on the Sabbath, and at public meetings, are a very uncertain Miurcc of income, your committee feel that the sustenance o f this fund must not be left to tbtni, and therefore would respectfully suggest that in every circuit, if at all practicable, a system of collecting be adopted and regularly and pcrucvcnngly pr ictised Weekly contributions in the Church of Christ aro as rightnnd scriptural as prayer, or any other act of religion llcgularand systematic giving is Indispensable for the prosperity of ths or any other fund \ our committee never more felt than now, that tho great ob- jects of this BOiicty entitle it to tho continued zealous « ipport of all who love Ood, and who really rejoico in, and desire to pro n otc the extension of tbo Saviour's kingdom. Theotcc'iity for the emstenco of such an institution as this is becoming more and moro apparent and urgent a» the religious destitution of many part« of the country, and the spiritual »ants of people, arc understood. A young minister in the north writes -"Take Tenterfield as a kird of centre I am accustomed to travel to all points of the crmpaBs in the performance of eircuit duties. 1 go north to hartland, an incipient township, with a station adjoining, dis t ince forty-two miles, I go east to rairlleld, a village, likely, on account of Us proximity to an extensive quart/ reef, to become important some day, distance thirty-five miles, 1 gi south to Glin Innes a rising town with a population of about 350, dis- tance sixtv milCG, ond once a quarter I make a tour westward to Vshford, a little town pleasantlv s tuated on a tributary of the ?-evcrn ltivir, distance 100 miles Between Tenterfield nnd these n mote points many largo station« intervene, at most of which I .m nccuslomi 1 to hold n gular service Throughout tho -vholo of this vast district, the grtiter pin of which 1« never v sited by any minister of the Oospcl but myself, there is manifuted the gnalist eagerness to he-ar the Word, and a very comiucndablo wlllingniss to contribute to the support of the ministry." Another of the ng» Ms of this society stationed m one of the northern district«, nearly four hundred miles front Svdnev, writes lim« -" Here the amount ci spiritual i'c«lituUoi and forgctful niss of God is truly lamentable Although I have a von largo iircuit, (.cograpHcallv speaking, with a fair share of refinement and nu rohty in fon-e circles, yet In this gnat district there are rot three p»r«on« with whom I am ocqualntid of who«» sound cmvir-ion to God I can confidcntlv «peal At the «ano time, while the lives of the people excite my «ympathv, the general lindit«s with which 1 am recen ed on mv rounds rendrrs the work more easy than it would be under riicumstanccs of an oi>jo«itc, or more unfavourable character Oicupyii g, as I do a circuit farther wi«t than any other in the Mat and district, 1 lind some ditlicuHy m dellning i « western botndory, e'peeially whin my tours in that direction onlv enable me to difcoicr ereater want in regions b»yond, and bring mc into the company of persons, who ask me to extend my visit« to I late« where a clergyman han not been for veais " Ile continues -" \cccrdiii(, to my present trrai gement, Ivi^it one tttvnship cnebtudred anti twenty-mo mile« 'arther wei-t than this, mil another place about one imnJred an I 'ortv nu es norh, w th settnil «celions inter»enin"' I al«o travel sixty miles in an easterly direction, colling and preaching at manv places on my wai " Cfltnmur[cations from cvery part of the colony have been re euvid, cun arning the cry for help, and stating, we want the v lill-, of a minister of rclig on 1 rom a distant place in the Goulburn d strie', a mi»'stertal btolbcr writes - "'The hariet trulv is plcmoou», hit. the labourers are few * \nd bil» for the untiring and se Mcnving eifert« of Ice al prcachir» who, after 'oiling hard on 'har firm« dur ng the wet», friqum ly tide twen v, and even forty attic-., on the babtath, lo thur fe'lmv-eounlryii cn, xe-y many of .hose tilín nu «t im tit bly give lhc impress of .her cjaructcr to t'ie 'uture of iimralla would be cntirclv destitute of tho nu ans of ejnee " Vour committee feel, such ca«is show, that at t'i s ..ocicvy is intended o help tho«e who are thti« needy, in 1 to si read," Scriptural holin»»s throughout the land," it has a.pira ii ourt elura i n vuur st pport Seme who are not dl«tingui lied for their liben'itv. «av, if the people are so anxious to h ive the Go«pel, whv do thev not. con- ti ¡bute more libcrallv themselves to pet whit thivwant tv riafon in some in«lances i«, lhc population is oomposel almost »rtirely of small settlers and free-selectors, who in coiscquence of a «cries of disasters often lack the necessaries of life While tithers would conttibutc more liberally than they do if they wera more urdcr Go'-pd influence VV e can hardly expect peoplo to sontribttte freely to the «upport cf the Go*pil until tbty know, at leastinsomc measure, the bless- ings it confers It will be gratifying to the friends to know that somo Circuit«, which for viars were dependtat on the funds of th s society, aro now self supporting, and arc now no lonftcr applying for circmt grant«, and it is hoped others w II speedily follow the example Tin Committee, from the funds at thur disposal, bate voted ¿"SO io be distributed among dependent circuit», by the tinana it il s net meetings m April sydniv District . ¿200 Bathurst ditto . 100 I Maitland ditto 180 I Goulburn »trrto 100 ' The Committee appropriated the sum of £S20 for grants in aid of new erections, and of the liquidation of dtbt The distribution is as follows -Balmain church, ¿U0, on con- dition the trusteis rai«e a «-imilar amount, ti» o Dock church, £50, on condition an equal amount be raised, Bulli church, £80, ci condition the trustees raise £120, Shellharbour church, £10, Moruya church, £50, on condition £100 bo rai'ed, Morpeth church, £80, on condition the tru«tecs raise £179, Hexham church, £10 , W all s End Church, £50 , Branxton church, £30 , for a ntc at Stroud, £20, Minister's house at singleton, £100, T-rali,., church, £15 , Collector church, £30, Braidw ood church, £J5, and Minister s house at Gunning, £100. The Committee appropriate* the sum of £250 towards furnish- ing mlristera'houses Ihe amount was distnbnted as follows - Glebe House, in Sydney second Circuit, £100, Forbes, CiO, Monning Uiver, £70 lhere arc £121 Cs bd.tnuable foi the purpo c of geiung minister« from Lngland, and two ale sent for this vcar Vour committee hive voted amount» this year tocases, from the Loan í und, as follow s -To Dundas church, £123, on condition it tertpaid in four ycat«, and the trustees pjv off the remaining part of the debt, to Balmain church, £300, on condition it be repaid in fiv e years, and that at the end of which time the debt on the property shall not txeced the sum of £730, to Surry Hills schoolroom, £500, on condition it be repaid in five x-ear«, and the trustees pav off m that period the remaining i art of the debt of £510, to hast Maitland church, £200, on condition it be repaid in fiv r ye irs, and at the crd of that period the »icbt on the prope ty does not exceed the amount of debentures of £130 to Morpeth church, £300, on condition it be repaid in five years, and the trustees nie with'n that time £300. to \shfleld church, £200, on condition the trustees rai«c forthwith £100, rc.urn the loan in five year«, and the trustees i ay off within that period another £100 of tie debt; to Adelong church, £80, on condition i* be repaid in five years and the remaining part of the debt be paid olí within that time, to Bathurst church, £200, on condition it be repaid Is five ytars, and the trustees raise m tho «amc period an equal sum, to Goulburn church, £100, on condition it be io urned in live years and an equal amount be raised in that period, >cw churches hive been completed nunng the year the total cost of which is upwards of £10,000 They are situated at Chip icndalc (Sydney) CrookweH, live Park, loung, Itew Sheffield, horr's Swamp, Wall's Lnd, Hexham, Brmxtou The erection of new churches has been sanctioned during the year on tho Macleay, West Kempsey, Taralga, Sutton, and at Major's Creek The enlargement of the church at Braidwood and at Queanbeyan, the erection of ministers' houses at Singleton ard at Gunning , and the purchase of a building as a church at Araluen have also been sanctioned A schoolroom and teacher's house have been built at Mac- quarie Plains in tho Bathurst circuit The following sites have been obta ned dunng the year, vi? , half-an-acro on the Macleay, hnlf-an-acrc at VVcst kempsey, and one acre at Macquarie Plains. In conclusion, the committee earnestly hope the friends of this society will do all they can to promote a cause so noble and Christian Tho report shows that, though much has been accomplished, it is in reality only little compared with whit romains to be done The part which tho W esleyin Church is required and ex- pected to talo in the evangelisation of the people of this land is great, and she is favoured with a system of appliances and means most fitted forthat purpose j which, if it be vigorously and pro- perly used will not fall, with the blessing of God, to result n good the most desirable ard encouraging. The member» of the Weslevan Church, with the other cvangchgal Churches, must be ever alive to their responsibility as to the spread of pure Chris- tianity amongst our fellow-colomsts Then, not only will many churches be built, and new ground be occupied, but God, oren our own God, will bless us, and souls will be sav ed from death. Tho Rov. S. E UIOÎ>B then read the Treasurer's account, from which it appeared that tho income of the Society tor 18C6 was £2S51 0s 3d, of which sum £1041 2s 9d had been contributed by tho several circnits. Thore was a bilanoo left in tho treasurer's hand after all tho disbursements had been made. The Rov. A AMOS moved the adoption of tho report in a resolution to tho following effect -" That the report ¡now read bo adopted and printed, and that this meeting offers its devout and grateful acknowledgments to Almighty God for the assistanco which, hy His blessings, this society has given tho Wcslsj an Church during the year, in tho erection of places of worship, in the liquidation of debt on church property, and in supplying some of tho more spiritually destitute parta of tha cslony with the miniBtty of tbo Gospel of Christ." Tho rev. gentleman began by remarking that it waa said that public speakers were difficult persons to please, and so f hey very possibly might be. Flaco them whero you would, they often appeared to think that they oaght to be some* where else ; that tbo position allotted to them in the meet- ing they had to address was wrong, and that they were called upon to speak too soon or too late. Now to be first in order was notalways an ad vantage-not under certain circum- stances. The speaker who spoke first often felt that ho was bound to say what ho had to say at once, and to «ay it well, or oleo lo sit down and give place to those who were to como after bim. Thoso who como late in the evening, on the other hand, could, of course, often say that what had been said by tho preceding speakers had anticipated the observations they had proposed to make. Of such a plea as that he had last named he could not avail himself on that particular occasion. He would, however, he could assure them, try to bo generous to thoso who were to come after bim, and leave itto them to do that for the subject before them which he might not bo fully equal to. Some people were afflicted with a désira to speak better than they could, and thus they created difflcultios for themselves in what they had to soy; difficulties which would not have arisen if they had but contented thern I selves with exuressine in eioDle lantruatro. all that they had to say Then, again, some people were fat-(laughter)-and in conséquence or their unfortunate obesity, were supposed to bo unable to deliver themselves with doe eloquence, as though their oleaginous tendency was, for some reason or olher, conceived to be inconsistent with a proper consume* lion of the midnight oil. (Laughter) But whatever might bo his personal ability for dealing with the subject before him, he begged leave to say that hs- desired to uso it all in advocating the MUBO of that society, too annual meeting of which was the reason of their having assembled togothor that oTening. (Cheers.) Ho wished heartily to evoke tho sympathies, and draw forth too liberality of that con- gregation by what he had lo say of that noble society. Let them look at the throe great objecta which it professed to secure, and they must at once bo conscious of its excellence Their society was constituteá, first, that they might be enabled to assist in the erection of churches and places of public worship, secondly, that means might be, from time to time, provided for clearing off debts on churches or chapels , and thirdly, that meano might always bo forthcomirg for the general extension of the Church for disseminating too word of God by tho preaching of tho Gospel throughout all the colony It waa through the assistance afforded by that Society (if it were upheld as it ought to bo) that all these practical objects wero to be secured. Ho took it to bo a fact, which could not be gain- said, that it was a very desirable thing, indeed, that churches and chapels-ho cared not which they wero called-ehould bo erected everywhere throughout the colony- places where the glad tidings of salvation should be announced by a faithful ministry. Great, indeed, had been the progress which had been mado by them of late years in this respect, although so much was yet to bo done. Ho had that morning taken up a paper printed twenty years ago, In which ho had found an account of tho opening of that very church as n place of worship, tho building so opened bemg then atout half tho sizo of what it was at pre- sent Perhaps somo of thoso who had been present at the services held on that occasion had passed away , but, doubt» less, there woro those yet amongst tbera that remembered i he event, as he did. At that time he (Mi Amos) was but a slender stripling, but he had since then becomo enlarged (laughter), and so since then had tho Sydney Morning Herald likewise increased in bulk (Renewed laughter ) As to that very building in which they were then assembled, that too hod been increased in sue, thero had been a Church extension there which they could not but think upon with satisfaction, for tho Bourko-strcet chapel was now twico as largo ns it had been when first opened. At tbat timo the Bourke street chapel was considered to be outside of Sydney, there were no buildings on the South Head Road leading to it, that ho could remember, and no howes in Woolloomoolor Thoy had to come out into tbo country to come to that chapel, but now it stood, enlarged to twice ita original size, in the centre of a very populous district. Good old men had thero preached the word of life to the peoplo, and the congregations which had been there constantly assembled had always been on the increase It was a blessed thing to think that thero wero such places of worship where tho Gcspcl was faithfully pro- claimed-a blessed thing to think that such churches had been, and still wero bemg, erected overywhere throughout the country. Such churches as that w ero indeed an adorn roent to the country, too beauty thej imported being some- thing quite irrespective ot any architectural merits which tooj might or might not po««esa That the ceuntry was being overspread with churches, whether built of brick, or stone, or wood, showed that religion was now taught in each locality so decorated, that in all thoso erections worship was moro generally given to God, and the Got pel moro extensively preached Iheir churches wore an honour to the land and a blessing to the country at large, and ho only hoped that they might bo still moro widely extended In these houses of God tho Word of God wau read, and prayer was oliercd, in theso churches, too, waa erected tho throne-as it had bren called-of tno minister, tho place in which the minister stood and preached, as ho waa bound to do, to tho 1 copie For himself, ho desirod to express his earnest conviction that too power of tho pulpit bad not yet ceased, that it was Etill a great and efiectivo means, whereby God's truth was to bo declared to tho I topic Some thought that its influence had declined, but he by no means shared in that opinion Tho pulpit wa» still the placo from whieh the sound of the Gospel came most reaoily and moBt effectually to the people They did not believe, as Wesleyan?, m any sacramental agencies, but in tho power of the preached word Wot that they under \ alued the u«e of such ordinances as their Church properly recognised These all had their several uses. Round the s cutíes organised by their pulpit-preachmg other s cielles grouped themselves, and fulfilled their eppomted work. There was their Bible Society, their Tract -f ctttj, their organisation of Sunday school«, and their niroEgcments as to di-tnct visitors But from the preach- ing ol the Gospel it was that all this first sprung. Their riligion was ol an aggressive character-aggressive as re- garded ignorance and all that was evil. Christianity was »ed ought to bo aggressive, it was its distinctive character (hat it should be so It was the religion of all-the religion that waa to swallow up all others-the system that wa3 to prépaie the way for tho setting up the monarchy of Christ, as Lord of all J; or this cause, and tor this alone, it was that it was worth while for places of worship to bo erected. It would not bo worth while to organise any Church at all except it were to convert souls to God, and to elevate them thereby in tl-eir mental and moral being. Another result of the operation of thia society had been that it liquidated chapel debts, and they know what depression was often caused to tho minister by such debts, how such debts mado their ministers' hands hang down until effectually and happily removed. Another benefit was that toe society provided a loan fund for local wants in church matters, a form of assistance which he approved of more than even grants, as calling for the active exercise of the liberality of members of their Church .He would advise those who had not made their wills to remember that society, whose claims were now placed before them They would so bring good to postenty, although, as some wise man had facetiously remarked, posterity had done nothing for them. (A laugh ) Thero was every reason why they should so exert themselves They were bound to do so when they saw the pernicious efforts of Rationalists in their attempts to undermine tho truth, and they were equally bound so to do their utmost when they considered the strenuous exertions that were being made by the Ritualists It shewed the great utility that there was for the ministrations of the Wesleyan Society when they thought of the pure Christianity that that ministry was the manifest means of placing before the whole world-Christianity alike contradistin- guished from Rationalism and from Ritualism The rev. gentleman then expressed tho lively satisfaction he felt at the large number of young men who were now offering themselves for the Wesleyan ministry, and adverted, in highly eulogistic terms, to the Methodist Episcopal Church ol the United State«, which was so active in its extension- seeking to «preod itself as population spread, until it had becomo recognised as the unendowed Church of tho States. He hoped that God would bless and prosper this society, and had great pleasure in moving the resolution which ho had read to the meeting. Mr 1, P REEVT seconded the resolution, and spoke ably in ita support, adducing a variety of argument« to prove the duly incumbent upon then all in respect of that society. V> hilst be acknowledged that much had been done, ha could not but bo keenly conscious that thero remained yet much lo do. Population had advanced, and the numbera of their body had increased, but the annual income of this society had, ho regretted to Bee, not been proportion- ally increased. They had remained in that almost stolionory. They had 30,000 persons nmongtt them who were hearers-30,000 to whom toa Goppel was constantly preached by their ministers, and when they mado a calculation with that number in respect of tbe annual income of the Wesleyan Church Sustentation and Extension Society they would find that that incomo showed an annual average of only nfepenco a head. Ho thought that average sum must be aánutted to be far too poor Mr Recvo also advocated tho Church Sustentation and Extension Society because of the great liberality shown bj it to that district in a local point of view, and ha further urged all who heard him not only to give liberally, but to give on pnnciple, setting spart a portion of personal incomo to the service of God-at least ono tenth of the yearly income. Some people might give even more than that. The self-denial that Buch a giving would entail upon the givers would be highly beneficial. Self denial was an imporiant part of Christian duty. Thero were many persona who, because thoy had small incomes, thought they were not called upon to give anything, but bo thought it was the duty of those who received small incomes to give a proportion to the cause of God as well as thoso who were in the receipt of large incomes. Ha held that it was the duty of young ladies in shops, or who were otherwise earning salaries, and domestic servants, eomo of whom earned £50 a year, to give a proportion to God. The suppsrt of the cause of God should never be left to the impulse or the moment. The objects or the society, towards which those present were now asked to give, were to spread Scriptural holiness throughout the land, and to carry to the people that religion which would mako them happy, and sustain and comfort them in the iriost sad and afflicting circumstances or life. In this society they had a guarantee of perpetuity of religious I Iruth, and he thought the considerations which he had urged should commend it to the attention of the meeting. (Cheers ) With theso remarks ho had muoh pleasure in seconding the résolution. T he resolution was then put from toe chair, and earned unanimously The Rev H. H. GATJD, President of the Conference, moved the second resolution, aa follows -"That tha success of. this socioty should no\ tmly call forth Bindera, * increased contribution! to ita fonds, and encourage continuel! prayer for .enlarged effusions of the Holy Spirit upon ~ ita plans and labours." The Eociety wboeo claims they wero advocating would bo admitted by all cresent to be a most important society-a society which claimed their support and liberality« " tho claims of the society wero not admitted ha could say a few words in their support, bnt all who loved Methodism would admit that the society was a most important one, and ought to secure tho liberality of all who loved the Saviour. He hoped the report would be read by all thoso who worshiped with them. He feared lhat many did not read the report , and hence knew but little of tho society beyond what they beard at the annual meetings. There were,"however, some, ho was happy to Bay, who read the recorta and who looked well Into the way in which tho funda of the society were expended. He had even heard a note of dissatisfaction here and there as to the appropriation of the moneys collected ; and ho would observe for the information of those who were I cot conversant with the matter that tho funds were appro- priated by a committee of ministers and lay centième». The dissatisfaction referred to was that the funds were ne* devoted to toe extension of their churches-that instead of raising new churches in the interior they devoted the funds to the'suitentalionof churches already in existence. Hethonght their friends would give them credit for doing the best they could with the funds. For himself, he thought that tho sustentation of newly formed churches was extending the work ; for if these churches in the interior were left to them- selves they would have to be abandoned, as they could not support their ministers without assistance. Then, with re- gard to the mode of collecting the funds, he thought if they set their Sunday school children to work in collecting they would speedily increase their funds. There were few per- sons who could give £5 at a time, but if they were waited upon overy wech they might give something, which at the end cf the year would nmonot to a noble sum, At Chippendale thirty of their Behool children had during the last BÍX months been employed weekly in col- lecting pennies from thoEO who were willing to subscribe them, and the result waa that they had collected upwards of a pouad a week. They had already paid £15 into the trea- sury of this society, and had £15 more to pay into the trea- sury of the Foreign Missionary Society. If this, course were to be followed throughout tho colony he believed their funds would bo increased by £10,000 a-year ; but even if toe funds were increased by £5000 or £10i000 a-year the result would be most gratifying. Ho thought the plan an admirable one. No one would refuse a child a penny for a good cause ; and while the children were thus employed in a useful work they would be going through a course of training for higher and nobler work in the Church of God. With the expression of a hope that too funds of the society would be thoa increased, ho had much pleasure in moving the resolution. Tho Rev. W. KELYNACTC rose to socond the resolution. He did not intend to detain the audience at any length, as tbey had already heard enough to stimulate the conscience and secure the liberality of all preaent in favour of thia society. Ho waa much pleased with the remarks of Mr. Reeve, as ho believed the point referred to by that gentle- man was one to which attention should bo directed. Much as he approved of the suggestion of his reverend friend who had j'ust sat down, he thought the plan of Mr. R-eeve covered the whole case, ond,if they could inocculate their people with that idea thoy would have enough funds to sus- tain their various societies, and the emptiness of their ex- chequers, which thoy wero now so free to confess, would no longer bo a source of complaint. (Hear.) There were few in the Church of God who would be openly disobedient to the Divino commands, but many were guilty of disobedience because they did not study their duty in this particular. The institutions of the Church had languished, and they had been obliged to summon to their aid argument, and eloquence, and appeal, when thoso who had sworn allegiance to ChriBt ought, as a matter of duty, to have supported the societies so appealing. On the broad ground of justice this should be done. Thoy could not set aside the claims which God had put upon them, except by a violation of an inalienable right. All they had came frcm God-the brain to plan, and the power to execute. In his wrath God Bometimes blighted the produce of their fields, and Bmote the golden harvest with mildew, just as they were ready to put in the sickle. On the ground or gratitude he thought they might adopt this principle. Every good carno from God, and if they ignored his claims they added too baseness of ingratitude to the guilt or re- bellion. He knew it would be said that things were bad, that commerce was depressed, and that the people had aa much aa they could do to stem the tide aet in against them. He was aware that storm and tempest wero met with here, ps in other lands, but ho knew also that the prevailing current in this land of gold was a prosperous one. In- dustry and thrift made a rapid and rich harvest ; and there were many placed by Providence in positions in Australia which at one time they never hoped to obtain, and therefore they ought to give generous support to the institutions of religion. Let them think of the gift of Jesus, who died for them ; of the pardon which broke, upon them, welcome as the dawn to the weak and weary watcher ; of tho religion which gave them peace in tho present, because it gave them a good hope of the future, and standing at the foot of the cross-the fountain of all their merciea-and knowing that tbey wero the price of blood Divine, he would ask each person in this congregation, " how much owest thou to my Loid r " It was not their gifts they.wanted only, but their prayers. This resolution spoko of the necessity for con- tinued prayer for enlarged effusions of the Holy Spirit upon toe plans and labours of the society. Ho had been thinking that they were guilty of a littio over- weening in their Melhodist economy, which had restrained them to some extent from frust in God. They had boasted of their connection with Methodism, and had been loud in proclaiming the glory of their fathers, and the glory of their achievements, and had not relied n-tlicien*!^ on «ho baptism of the Holy Ghost. He believed in the Ecntiment expressed by toe President of the British Conference, that Methodism could not prospor by virtue of her doctrines, pure though they were ; nor by her economy, wise and powerful though it be; buttha strength of Wes leynnifni to-day waa a preochod Gospel carried homo by the power of the Holy Ghoat to the consciences of mon. And he trusted that they would go away from that meet ingtbat night with the sentiment thoroughly written upon their consciencea, " that Methodism rears no monuments where sbe saves no souls." (Applause.) No doubt the multiplication of churches and of worshippers was a good thing, but if the day ever came in the annals of Methodism when they had beautiful edifices, sermons preached accord- ing to the strictest rules of oratory, and all those things tefarato from the power of the Holy Ghost-then he would pray God to remove Methodism from the land to make way for another Church to do its duty in a better, and a nebler, and more saving style. (Applause.) He would not trespass longer on the patience of the meeting, but most cordially second the resolution. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. The Rev, W. CURNOW moved too third resolution, as follows .-" That the thanks of the meeting are due, and are hereby Drerented to the executive and local committee, to all toe officers of the society and to the collectors, for their valuable services during the year." Ho had much ploasuro in moving that resolution, and should always be ready to recognise the labours of those collectors who had furnished the society with three-fourths of its funds. The business of the society was done is Sydney by a committee of minis- ters and laymen, who held frequent meetings and who laboured hard in the cause. The meeting that night was a very small one, but »ccaeionally there were small meetings inths Parliament, and then the speakers, having a very small audience to speak to, spoke, as they phrased it, " to toe country." He waa now " speaking to the country;' and ho hoped those present would study a sort of eclecticism that night. The President of the Conference had spoken of tho aid afforded by a sort of juvenile society, and Mr. Reeve had delivered a moat oxcellent and straight- forward «peech. He had really been surprised at that speech himself, and it had done him erood. He hoped that toe meeting would search the Scriptures and find out whether that speech waa not a true one. The Rev. S. RAHONE said he was very tired, having been on his legs all day, but still he had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. He would be aorry if toe meet- ing were to go away with the idea that the society was dependent on the exertions of a few children, or that thoy were going to delegate their work-aa the President had paid-to children. He believed in children to a certain ex- tent. He believed that they had a misaion, but not that they were to Bupersedo all the ladies and collectors who laboured for the society. Thia waa a noble society. It contemplated noble objects-objects connected with the divine glory and the happiness of the human race. He had much pleasuro in seconding the résolution. The Rev. H. H. GAUD rose to explain. He said that Mr. Rabone who waa so " tired," did not seem to have sufficient strength of mind to understand what he (Mr. Gaud) had said. He had not said that they were to depend on children. No such idea had entered his brain, and he çpuld not tell how it got into his (Mr. Rabono's). He did not think that they could dispense with the assistance of the ladies and others ; and the annual subscriptions must, of course, go on as usnal. But the children might be a great help. The Rev. S. RA noxs rose amid cries ef " no, no," to explain. He Baid he had no strength of mind, but he be- lieved Mr. Gaud relied too much on the children. He did not roly upon tiieni. The resolution was put and carried. A collection waa then made, after which e. vate of thanks to the chairman was given and acknowledged. The Doxology waa then sung, the benediction pronounced, and the meeting terminated. THE FRENCH COURTS ON BREACH, OP PROMISE.-T^ correspondent oí the Daily Nines, writing from Paris. OD" tho 25th January, reports the following, case :-The civ.ii tri- bunal of the Seine has just tried an action for br «¡ach 0f promise brought by an old clothes dealer., aged ¿fty-aix againBt a cook of forty-five. Letters and -portrait' j ljad been exchanged, the contract had been aigp.ed, anr\ the bride- groom awaited the bride at the* mairie. ; but, ijistead. of ap. pearing in person, she sent B mesyage to the effect that she had ohoaged jnor mina, and would not have him. Ho oèrove to find some consola- tion by suing her for 25r/0fr. as damage»; but too Court decided that ma, "age waa free, and that it waa a matter fof public pttf.cy that up to the very laat marnent the paites should be at liberty to chango their minds before entering intr, 8UCh a solemn contract. The rare oxceptl'jnal caaes ir>. which French courte have given damages \ot breach of. promise of marriago are described by toe juoy^ment as resting upon the principio that a broaoh so purely «apricioua aa to infer that thcretmust have been an ¡D .cntion to deceive or trifle from the beginning, may be *? .he subject of damagea. But where a reason, albeit a bîd / one, is assigned, and was the evident motive for breaking a matrimonial engagement, there Is no remedy. 