GRANTFORD GRANGE. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. CHAPTER XXVI. OTHO'S DISAPPOINTMENT. THE sight of Lionel had brought back all the hope which for a while had lain dormant in Otho's breast, and insisted on being allowed to go to him, and refused to enter the ring. Not until force had been resorted to, and his flash was sore from blows, did the little fellow yield ; and then only with the determination to find a way to escape in the end if he died for it. He would go to his tutor, and, once in his care, he would be safe. At the thought of leading the old petted life at the Grange, tears fell down the little fellow's cheeks. He longed for his gipsy mother, it is true ; but kind Miss Henderson and pretty Cousin Geraldine had been very good to him. No one scolded him when he lived at the Grange. Only for those books he would have been perfectly happy. And that strong, brave Mr. Malcolm could frighten Mr. Ginger, and keep him from taking him back to the tent, if he could only once reach him. It was a good while since he had said his prayers ; but that night, when all the lights were out, and everybody else asleep, the child knelt on his little pallet and prayed that God would take him safe to the school-house through the darkness. Then he arose, and crept softly towards the door of the little building erected within the enclosure for the purposes of sleeping and cooking. The moon was bright, and the road not half so dark as he had feared that it would be. Flying over it with a speed fear lent to his steps, the child's little bare feet were often bruised and cut by the stones which lay in his path. But he never paused for that nor for the angry barking of farm-house watchdogs who heard him running by. Even the white stones of the churchyard— all in a row looking like so many ghosts, though they startled, did not turn him back ; and, in less than an hour, he come in sight of the low long building he so well remembered. Then he paused to take breath and recon- noitre. Alas, there were no lights in any of the windows, and suddenly it flashed upon the child's mind that people did not sleep in school houses. Mr. Malcolm was not there, and would not be until the morrow. Lonely as he had been on his way, poor Otho felt a thousand times more lonely now that his hope of meeting his tutor was gone. He wept bitterly, and listened fearfully for the sound of pursuit, but all was still. And, finally, the child decided to conceal himself until the open- ing of the school should bring his tutor to the spot. He looked about for some shrub or rock of sufficient size, but, finding none, began to think of the great school-room itself. He climbed up to one of the windows and tried to raise it. It yielded to his touch, and in another moment the boy had clambered in and stood upon the floor. The moon lent the room sufficient light to show him the rows of benches, the black board, and the teacher's large arm-chair. Toward this he bent his steps, and weary with his long run, and chill with the night air, coiled himself up upon the cushion, huddling himself together for more warmth, and turning his bright eyes toward the stars to watch for morning. It was not a long watch, for in a few minutes the weary eyes closed, and the regular breathing of a sleeper filled the little school-room. Lionel Peyton, Lionel Peyton, where are you ? Does nothing warn you that deliverance is close at hand ? Does no good guardian spirit whisper you to seek that room where little Otho Grantford awaits your coming ? Truly, at that hour, as he often remembered afterward, something startled Lionel from his slumbers and seemed to impel him to leave the house and wander forth into the night. Had he obeyed the impulse, Heaven only knows but that it might have led him to the school house, and to hope and happiness once more. But regarding the strange feeling as mere nervous restless- ness, he fought it off, and in an hour was once more in dreamland. Little Otho's dreams were very pleasant as he laid asleep in the great teacher's chair in the school-house, and nothing happened to break them until dawn. Little mice peeped from their holes in great surprise, and twinkled their black eyes at the unusual object over which the moonlight fell, and went back and hid themselves lest it should harm them. A blind bat, now and then, beat his black wing against the window panes, and the crickets chirruped all the night through. But these slight sounds were but so many lullabies to the young heir of Grantford Grange. Only when the sun arose and filled the school- room with his golden light, did Otho's great black eyes unclose and his little head lift itself from the cushions of the chair. For awhile he looked about him in bewilder- ment, unable to remember where he was or how he came there. But as memory returned with renewed power, and he saw that it was morning, and knew that Lionel would be beside him in a few hours, his little heart gave a great leap of joy. There was a clock upon the wall, and the hands pointed to the hour of seven. At nine school opened. Only two hours more and he was safe. Nobody would think of coming there to look for him. Then the little fellow began to wonder if he was tidy. There was a pail which still contained some water on a bench near the door, and a dipper hung over it. With the latter he tossed the water over his pretty brown face and ink black curls, run his little fingers through his hair, and so completed his toilet. Then for very merriment he turned a summer- sault in the middle of the room, and began to caper in a comical fashion up and down the little passages between the school benches. One peeping in at the window might have fancied some elfin sprite was there at play, rather than a human child. Soon, however, the fancy that the first arrival might be a stranger, and that, if Lionel were not there, some of those great rough boys might know him and force him back to the circus tent, stole into his mind. Perhaps, he thought, it might be better to hide until all was safe, and, looking more elf- like than ever, he opened a little closet, devoted to old books and ink bottles, and stowed himself away at the bottom. Even when the door was shut there was a great crevice through which he could watch the teacher's desk, and he was sure to know when the right moment had arrived. He could see the clock, too and when we are anxious for the moments to be gone, what a comfort it is to see them slipping away under the long, black hands. Eight struck ; no one came. Half-past eight ; then the door opened, and two or three great girls came in and began studying their lessons to make up for lost time ; following them, some little boys, and, at last, the bigger ones, of whom Otho stood in a little dread if chance should lead them to the closet. They did not even look that way, however, but were busy with their usual pranks—talking, laughing, and teasing each other. At last Otho began to hear the question, "Why don't the teacher come ?" asked by first one and then the other, and by and by some of the scholars stood at the door and windows, and began to look up and down the road. Some declared the teacher must be ill ; some wished he would come, others hoped he wouldn't. Finally, two who had been up the road ran back to tell the rest that a gentleman was coming, and in five minutes Otho saw the door open and a gentleman in drab, wearing a broad brimmed hat, enter and advance toward the platform. He looked much troubled, and stood for a moment without speaking, looking upon the assembled children as though he hardly knew what to say to them. After a few moments' consideration, however, he rapped upon the deck with his knuckles and cried : "Silence." Every tongue and foot was motionless at once, and all eyes turned upon the speaker, who went on : "Boys and girls, you may take your hats and coats and go home. There will be no school here for some days. Your teacher has left you very suddenly, and in all probability will never return. Before the week is over the committee will find you another. Until then the school- house will be closed." There was a murmur of astonishment, then a host of questions, to none of which the old gentleman vouchsafed an answer. He merely signified to the little crowd that they were to leave the building, and followed them from it, locking the door after him, and leaving Otho alone, with all his little hopes crushed, and his heart filled with vague terror. Never return. Where had his tutor vanished so suddenly ? Could he be dead ? What did it all mean ? The poor child could find no answer to these questions. When the first burst of disappointment was over little Otho's fears of being re-captured began to grow doubly strong. He could not remain hidden in the School-house long. Even now he began to feel the pangs of hunger ; and as certainly he could not continue in the neighbourhood after the search for him had once com- menced. "I'll run away," said the child. "I'll hide in the woods, and eat berries and nuts like the babies in the woods, and find my way back to the Grange at last, or maybe my gipsy mammy will find me. She lives in the wild woods. They can't keep her from me there. I'm not afraid." And he squared his little shoulders and began to strut about the empty room by way of keeping up his courage. Then the thought struck him that perhaps the old Quaker gentleman might tell him, if he asked, where Lionel had gone ; and, peeping out of the window, he saw him still in the distance moving slowly away. The moment he felt sure of this, Otho lifted the sash and leapt out. He was not long in overtaking the stout old gentleman, and soon a little paw tugged at the tails of the sad colored coat, and a little voice, quite out of breath, cried : "Stop, won't you, please, sir ?" Friend Phlox turned and looked down on the little brown face with a— "What does thee want, child ?" "To ask a question, sir," said the boy. "Oh, can't you tell me where Mr. Malcolm has gone ?" "Mr. Malcolm ?" asked the Quaker. "The teacher of the school I mean," said Otho. "I want to find him so. You said he'd never come back. Oh where has he gone ?" Friend Phlox wiped his hot face with his handkerchief, and for a few moments did not answer. Then he said : "Thou art one of his scholars, no doubt ?" "Yes," replied Otho, grown of late too wary to tell a stranger who he was lest he should be taken back to Mr. Ginger. "Yes, sir, I'm a scholar of his." "You can never find your teacher in this world," said the Quaker— "never. Go home, child, go home." "Is he dead ?" cried Otho. The Quaker shook his head. "Better for him that he were," he said. "Nay, I do not know but that the tale may be a warning to them never to let thine angry passions rise beyond the control. Thy teacher hath murdered some one and hath been arrested and taken to prison, and will one day be hung in punishment for his crime." "No, no, no," cried little Otho, "it can't be. Somebody has told you a lie, sir. He is always good and kind. He would not murder any one." "It is the truth, my child," said the old gentleman, kindly. "I saw him arrested myself. Indeed it was a great shock to me—a very great shock. I have been greatly deceived in him." And, engrossed by his own thoughts, the Quaker folded his arms and walked away, leaving Otho standing staring after him in conster- nation. "I don't believe it—I won't believe it," he muttered to himself. And, young as he was, he felt as though he were called on to redress the insults and injuries of one who had been so good a friend to him. He ran a little way after the old gentleman, touching his baby fist and stamping his baby foot, and then sank down upon the grass, chok- ing with sobs. As he laid there, two children of about his own age, pupils of the closed school, came by with their books under their arms. "Who's that on the grass ?" asked one. "It's a fellow I never saw," replied the other. "I know who it is," said the first ; it's the boy that rides at the circus." "It an't." "It is, only he's dressed different, I tell you. I say, unto you the circus boy—you fellow on the grass there ?" Otho lifted his head. "No," he said. "There !" triumphed the boy who had denied the fact. "There—I knew it." "He is," said the other, "You know you are." Otho made no answer and the boys passed on. As soon as they were gone he started to his feet and dashed away along the road, dreading that their account might reach the ears of some of the circus company, and utterly oblivious of the road he took in his mad terror. CHAPTER XXVI. RE-CAPTURE. IT was indeed true, that Lionel Peyton was once more in the strong clutches of Justice. Blind, indeed, this once at least, and barbarously unjust to the innocent man. That morning, while Otho awaited his coming in the school-house, curled up in his own great chair ; while with him waited deliverance from the awful charge which had been the bane of his life, and restoration to the good opinion of his fellow man, and the rights which as a convict were no longer his—Lionel had arisen and dressed himself leisurely, as though being at school were a matter of no unusual importance ; as though his very life did not depend on a few moments, more or less, that morning. Leisurely he dressed himself, leisurely he descended to the breakfast-room, where the pretty daughter of his host, Ruth Phlox, was pouring out coffee and sauntering to his seat, played with his spoon and trilled with his fork in his usual gracefully indolent manner. Half an hour passed thus, another in chat with Ruth, while he leant against the window frame. Some minutes more in tying up the vines, which had been broken down by a recent storm, in the garden without. Then he picked up the straw hat, which he had tossed upon the table, and glanced toward the clock. "I must be off, I suppose," he said, with a half yawn. "I see a troop of my scholars upon the road. Good morning, friend Ruth." "Good morning to you, sir," said a deep voice behind him, in a sort of sarcastically tri- umphant tone. Lionel started and turned. There stood a tall, heavily-built man, with "detective" written upon his face as plainly as though it had been stamped upon his brow in so many letters ; his bulky person filling up the space between the two columns on either side of the porch, as though he were determined to oppose any efforts on the part of Lionel to escape. The unhappy young man knew at once what blow had come upon him, and staggered back against the wall, growing as pale as death. He said no word. There was no eluding the human blood hound who had tracked him, and he knew it. The detective advanced. "Mr. Lionel Peyton," he said and Ruth, who had come out upon the porch, started at hearing him thus addressed. "That is not thy name," she cried. "Thou hast made some mistake, friend. This is Friend Rodman." "It may be anything he chooses at present," said the detective ; "but it was Mr. Lionel Peyton awhile ago, Miss. It's fair to warn you, sir, that you can't escape. There are three men in the shrubbery, yonder, and one on the road and I'm armed. Here's the warrant for your arrest. Hold out your wrists, sir." "Spare me the ignominy of handcuffs," gasped Lionel. "I will go with you quietly." "I can't trust you," said the detective; "I can't trust you, sir. You're a bird that's hard to keep track of. If you hadn't been a cute one you'd have been caged months ago. My finding you is just a chance and many wouldn't have known you with your hair and whiskers so altered. It's well I never forget faces. Now for the bracelets." And from his pocket he drew a pair of handcuffs. Ruth started and clasped her little hands. "What does all this mean ?" she asked. "Surely thou canst not deserve this treatment. Father will not allow it, though he is a man of peace. Father, come here, will thee ? And she called through the hall in a voice full of terror. Friend Phlox heard it and came to the spot in haste. He also regarded the scene with con- sternation and astonishment. "What art thou doing to this friend ? Hast thou authority for thine act ? What charge is made against him ?" He asked in a breath, laying a friendly hand on Lionel's shoulder, and regarding the detective with a stern and wrathful eye. "If this friend is indebted to any one, there are those here who will enable him to prevent them from sustaining loss." "It is not a matter of money, sir," said the detective. "There is my authority, and you may see what charge there is against him," and he put into the Quaker's hand the warrant for Lionel's arrest, and a handbill, headed "$2,000 Reward." The Quaker read both calmly. "Thou art right, if thou hast really found the person," he said, "but this is not the name of yonder friend and I can scarcely believe that he is a murderer. I have over seen him peaceful and well-disposed. Speak, son, is this charge true or false ? Never fear, thou art in the midst of friends." Lionel lifted his great dark eyes to the speaker's face. "The charge is false" he said. "I am innocent. But this man only does his duty. I have been accused of this crime and condemned to execution for it. Perhaps there is but one being upon earth who has faith in me. I can- not prove my words." The detective listened with a sort of sneer. "You've read the account of the murder, sir ?" he said to the Quaker. "I have," said Friend Phlox. "It is a terrible thing. The proofs are very positive against thee, friend. Ah, the Evil One is indeed abroad at times, and there are sons of Cain in the land even yet." He looked sterner now and as the facts set forth in the document he had just read fixed themselves upon his mind his belief in Lionel's innocence grow weaker. He cast down his eyes and folded his arms. "I have no right to interfere with thy duty, friend," he said. "The law must be obeyed." "But he has not committed murder. We know him too well for that," cried Ruth. "Oh, don't don't !" For the detective had put his arm through that of Lionel. "Father, thee sees. Don't let him be taken from us so." But Friend Phlox made no sign of hearing her, even when she stood before him with the tears streaming from her sweet blue eyes. "Come," said the detective. "We have wasted time enough, and it will do no good. Are you ready ?" Lionel bent his head in assent. "Good bye, sir," he said to Friend Phlox. "We shall never meet again on earth ; but while I lived shall never forgot your kindness. Good-bye. Try to think well of me." His voice was choked with emotion, and he held out his hands, manacled as they were, in silence. The Quaker did not refuse the grasp, and Ruth offered her little white hand with sisterly affection and grief in her glance. "Good bye," she said. " I'll not believe ill of thee. I have seen thee save a little worm from being crushed, and thee could never kill a child, Good bye. I know thee will be saved, for God is good." "Do all women trust us ?" thought Lionel as the officer drew him away. "I have found them all faithful." He dared not look back at those quiet Quaker figures standing on the vine draped porch, and walked with bent head until, at the turning of the path, two other men accosted his companion, and a carriage which stood at some little distance was beckoned to advance. "Step in, sir," said the detective. And Lionel obeyed. The man followed. "Straight to the car depôt," he said. "Good bye, Smith-good bye, Jones." And his voice and manner were triumphant. How terribly so they sounded to the wretched prisoner. He sank back upon the cushions and covered his face with both hands and so they drove away. About a mile from the village a boy toiling along the road, hot and dusty and weary, clambered up behind for a ride a pretty fellow with black eyes and hair, and tiny, beautiful brown hands. When once the porch was reached, he sat there quite content for a long distance, whistling merrily. Lionel heard the whistle, but paid no heed to it. How could he guess that but a strip of painted cloth separated him from one who could have brought that wretched journey to a joyful end ? How could he guess that, as he was driven on to die a cruel death for the murder of Otho Grantford, Otho Grantford himself, alive and well, was within the reach of his hand ? They sat, each leaning against the glazed carriage back, one inside and one out—those two who would have given worlds to meet each other, utterly un- conscious of their proximity. Not one mile, but three. It was enough to make one doubt the existence of such a thing as mesmerism. A little movement, an accident to a wheel, anything, might have brought about the meeting. At last the depot was reached. The train came shrieking in. The detective opened the door. "Come, sir," he said ; no time to lose." And Lionel obeyed in silence. The sight of a handcuffed man was of course sufficient to attract the attention of the crowd about the depôt, and every eye was fixed on Lionel and the detective. Some followed close at their heels ; others asked questions which were totally ignored by the officer and a buzz of comment and wonder filled the air. Proud, sensitive and refined, it was agony to Lionel to walk thus through that gaping crowd. He would willingly have dropped dead at that instant. Indeed, the wonder is that he did not. Heart disease has been induced by less fearful emotion. His head was bent upon his breast, and his eyes cast upon the ground. So, quite blind to all surroundings, seeing only the path his feet trod, for he dared not face those curious gazers, he was hurried on, the little figure behind the coach staring after him with all its eyes. The pair were just in time. The train began to move while they were yet upon the plat- form. As it did so, the strong draught lifted Lionel's straw hat from his head. The detective caught it in the air, but for a moment the beautiful, sad face, and gold brown hair were plainly visible to all—to the gaping crowd of passengers, to the employees of the road, and to Otho Grantford, struggling forward with his gipsy eyes ablaze. One moment he gazed, the next began to scream at the top of his baby voice ; "Oh, stop, stop, stop ! Take me back to the Grange. It is Otho. Oh, stop, stop !" The shriek of the whistle drowned his voice. and he whom he addressed heard nothing of the cry, as the train bore him onward to his doom. Rattle, rattle, rattle, over the road. On it whirled—the red-eyed iron monster before the jangling cars behind. On, on, on, shrieking and clanging still, while, left further in the distance at every second, that tiny baby form pursued it, crying still "Mr. Lionel, Mr. Lionel, Stop, stop. I want to go home to the Grange." Impotent little pursuer—vain, vain cry. The train was but a black mass in the distance, the light only a red twinkle. Still he rushed on, with blind hope of finding home and friends where that iron track ended, breathless, panting, pallid, almost dead from exertion. He did not hear the rumble nor see the red light of another train advancing. He saw nothing but the home for which he pined so vainly. Again he screamed to Lionel to stop again he waved his baby hand. It was the last struggle. As he did so his strength gave way, and he fell prostrate on the track, sense- less and motionless. On dashed the engine, closer and closer to him every instant. He never stirred he know nothing of its approach. Suddenly there was a shout. The engine was stopped and backed, passengers rushed to the windows, conductors and engineers leaped down. Some one lifted up the little form. "Great Heaven !" cried one man, "have we killed him ?" "We did not come near him," said another. "Is he dead ?" asked a third. "Let me see him," cried a passenger ; "I'm a medical man. Poor little fellow ! No, he has sustained no injury, and is only in a sort of swoon. Put him on the bank there and he'll come to soon. Has any one some wine or brandy ?" An old lady with a large reticule had a bottle in it, and some drops were put on the child's tongue ; but all in vain. He remained quite motionless and senseless. The conductor and engineer began to fume. "Time is going," cried one. "We shall have a collision if we don't look out. Leave the child —he'll be all safe here." "No," said the gentleman who bent over him, "I'll take him in to Edgefield. It's not far and probably his parents live there. He might die here, and that would hardly speak well for our humanity." So, with the best intentions, the worthy medical gentleman carried the child into the car and held him on his knee, while the engine whirled them along toward the very place of all others the child most dreaded—the town and circus tent of Edgefield. He know nothing of it, however, but lay in a death-like swoon across the gentleman's knee for the whole distance. CHAPTER XXVII. LIONEL AND THE DETECTIVE. Lionel's captor never paused for an unnecessary moment for many miles upon his journey. He was proud of the arrest in a professional way, and anxious to secure the reward. No compunction of conscience troubled him, for he looked on Lionel much as a blood-thirsty beast whom it was every man's duty to bring to justice. He never relaxed his watch over him, and had Lionel retained sufficient hope to attempt an escape he would not have been able to effect it at any period. Few words passed between the men, and Lionel's handcuffs were only removed while he eat, or rather while his meals were set before him, for surely mortal never lived so long with so little sleep and food as Lionel did during that journey. His appetite seemed quite gone, and though he prayed for slumber, it seldom visited his eyelids before the break of day. Those long nights were horrible in the extreme to him, far worse than the weary days. At last they were within a few miles of their destination—so near the jail, in fact, that the detective had no further need of the train, but stopped at a roadside tavern to hire a vehicle in which to drive his prisoner to the jail. There was but one there, a light gig, and the only animal not in use was a young horse who had not been in harness long, and was skittish, and nervous as a tea-fed woman. It was not exactly what the detective wanted, but he was obliged either to wait an inconveniently long time, to walk many miles over a hot road, or to accept the best that offered. Grumbling a little, he saw his prisoner safe and took his seat and the reins, and they drove away, until, upon a little piece of rising ground commanding a view of the stone walls of the jail, the animal began to exhibit tricks which puzzled the detective, who was truth to tell, but slightly accustomed to the roads. In vain he swore and puffed and panted. In vain he used his whip. Indeed, the latter finished the business, for the moment it touched the animal's back he fairly flung aside all control and ran away, whirling the gig behind him and finally dashing it against a mighty oak, injuring it severely and emptying the riders upon the ground. Lionel, after the first giddy feeling passed, found he was not materially injured ; but the detective laid quite motionless, uttering low groans. To all appearance he was senseless, and as Lionel glanced around he felt that he had an opportunity at last to attempt his escape. He took one step forward, but his conscience smote him. It was almost impossible for him to forget the dictates of humanity. Even at such a moment he could not leave his enemy wounded and bleeding, to die perhaps of exposure to the fierce noonday sun. He returned and bent over him. The broad face was covered with blood. He wiped that away and found it proceeded from a wound on the cheek, which seemed to be of no great moment ; but further examination proved that a leg was broken, and so the giant lay before him helpless. Unless indeed some one should pass the spot, Lionel was free. Free, save for those tell-tale handcuffs, and the key of those was in the detective's pocket. Lionel put his hand forth to search for it, and just then the closed eyes opened and a pair of iron fingers clenched his wrist. "You sha'n't, by—, you sha'n't !" cried the voice, "I'll hold you yet I will, if I die for it !" Then a sudden pang of agony turned the man faint, and his clasp grew weak. "Don't murder me," he gasped. "I've got a wife and children. I've broken my leg and am helpless—What should he care for that, though ?" he added, to himself, but in tones audible to Lionel. The latter sighed heavily. "I have no wish to injure you, though you are my enemy," he said. "But as you say you are helpless, unlock these fetters and I will put you into the gig and drive you where you will receive medical assistance. '"Do you mean it, honour bright " asked the detective. "I do," said Lionel, on my word as a gentleman." He held out his wrists and the man took the little key from his breast and unlocked them. They fell to the ground with a clang, and he left them lying there. Then, tenderly as he might have been handled by his own mother, the detective's wounds were bound up, his form lifted to the gig and carefully propped up by cushions, and all done that could be done for his comfort. "Where shall I take you ?" asked Lionel, as he took the reins ; the horse was quiet enough with him. "Home ?" "Yes," said the man, "straight up the road." And there were tears in his eyes not brought there by pain. He kept silence for a while. Then he stretched out his hand. "Shake hands, sir," he said, with an oath, for oaths always accompanied any earnest speech with this man we regret to say. I can't find words to thank you. You've acted nobly. I didn't expect it I did not. Why, it's a Christian act, sir and I thought, when I saw your handcuffs over me, at first, that you were going to knock my brains out— I did indeed. Some men would." He paused, and then burst out : "Excuse me, but with your feelings how could you do that murder ? It's a puzzle to me," and another heavy oath filled the air. "I don't know what to make of it." "Make this if you make the truth," said Lionel : "I am innocent." The detective looked him full in the face. Their eyes met. "I believe he is," swore the man. Lionel lifted his eyes to Heaven. "As God is my judge I hope for the mercy from Him man will not award me," he said, "I have never in my life injured a fellow being. I never harmed the child. When you take that reward for my capture you sell the life of an innocent man—you commit murder," The face of the detective grew more pallid than the accident had left it. But he tried to laugh it off. "You'll give me no chance to get it," he said. "You'd be a fool to do it." "I shall endeavour to escape," said Lionel, "but I know it will be a vain attempt. Once within the village streets, you can get people on my track who will hunt me to the death. Even now you could call to those farmers in the field yonder." "Why did you stop to pick me up ?" asked the detective. "Why didn't you leave me when you had a chance I would—I—" Then again one of those round oaths rolled from his lips, and two great tears from his eyes. "What do you take me for ?" he almost sobbed—"a brute, beast— devil ? Do I look as if I wasn't human ? Maybe I do, but I am. Why, if you had murdered half the world, and I know it, I couldn't take money for bringing you to justice now, after you've done for me what there isn't one man in ninety would have done. And, by Jove, I believe you are innocent. I believe you never hurt the child. I feel sure you couldn't. If I could earn a cool million by it, and be made the next president of these United States for it into the bargain, I'd not say a word to bring you into trouble. There's my hand on't, and if you will drive me home, God bless you for it. I'm sure there's not one there would have a hair of your head harmed after this and if money's any object to you, as I should think it might be, look on me as a brother. Murder ! Why, if he's a murderer, I am, and Kitty is, and the baby in its long clothes. If I had brought you in safe and taken the reward for it, its my belief I should have gone wherever murderers go myself in the other world. Shake hands, and say you forgive me." He sobbed outright between the words he spoke now, and Lionel felt, perhaps, happier than he had felt since the moment when the horrible accusation had fallen upon him. "Thank you for your belief in me," he said. "As for money, I have enough to meet present emergencies." He drove on in silence, and at last stopped at a cottage gate. There the detective wrung his hand once more. "To the reins to the post" he said, "and go. I've got a whistle in my pocket, and they know the sound. I'll have help enough pre- sently, and, to tell the truth, my brother Bill might come out, and he might remember you. Good bye, sir. If they only give you time enough, you'll see things turned right end up yet. Murder will out, and perhaps, now I'm off the wrong scent, I may help you yet. I will if I can, or my name's not Jim Halliday. Wait a moment. Why don't you go to Europe, or out of the State altogether, somewhere ? That reward is posted in nigh about every town from Augusta to San Francisco, and it's a commotion, and your face is one to know again. I shall never forget it, God knows, after this." And thus, with a lingering clasp of hands, and eyes turned moist and dewy, Detective Halliday and his prisoner parted. [TO BE CONTINUED] FAMILIAR QUOTATIONS.—The Bible is an in- exhaustible source of familiar quotations. We will cite a few :—"A little bird told me," comes from Ecclesiastes x. 20 ; "For a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which hath wings shall tell the matter." "There is death in the pot" is from the Book of Kings (2 Kings iv. 40). "Lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they are not divided, is spoken of Saul and Jonathan (2 Samuel i. 23). "Eyoforoyo" (Deuteronomy xix. 21). "A still small voice" (I Kings xix. 12). " Escaped with the skin of my teeth'! (Job xix. 20). " That mine adversary had written a book" (Job xxi. 85), " Spreading himself like a green bay tree" (Psalm xxxvi, 35). " hanged our harps upon the willows" (Psalm xxviii), "RiohcB cor tainly moke (not take, as it is often quoted) themselves wings" (Prov. xxiii. 6). " Heap coals of fire upon his head" (Ibid. xxv. 22). " No new thing under the sun" (EcclesioBtos i. 0). " Of making many books there is no end (Ibid, xii 12). " Peace, peace, when there is no place," made famous by Patrick Henry (Jeremiah viii. 11). A PUNCH'S PROVERBS Pun is as good as a riddle to a stupid ass. State loose is gone goose. "Goo wo!" makes the horse go. "Mather way!" makes the horse star. Slow and Black gets the sack. Matrimony Better never than late. Between two Area the breach is a post of danger. The cricket ball slips through, the buttery fingers. Hit me and I'll hit you. Do what you ought, and come what must. Everyone has his trade, as the undertaker said to the physician. It is of no use trying to nobble horseshoes. Every one to his liking, as the Frenchman said when he ate his horse Good wine needs no brandy, A now knife is sharper than on old saw. He that is out of spirits should drink wine. The man is not always a thief who steals a march. Strong boar makes the hood door. 'Tis a good wind that blows nobody rheumatism. 'Tis a wise child knows its now Latin grammar. Eat your ham and save your bacon. Beauty unadorned is trips without onions. No man enough, " Eaters all cold!" None but great musicians can do great shakes. Chemical As the thief is to the dealer in marine stores, BC is to resort to the receiver. No alchemy equal to saying, on Mr. Pennycuick said when he stooped his house. No burdon so light as that of a comic song. One man's meat is another man's dinner, as the down said when he carved his leg-of-mutton. Ducks lay eggs ; geese lay wagers. Don't set a beggar on horseback for your position. Two eyes of a potato are hotter than one. Throw out tubs to catch a shower. Well lathered is well whoppod. Do not kick the men who calls you an ass. What is sauce for cod is not sauce for salmon. Ostentation is a duty which we owe to our neighbor j luxury, a duty which we owe to ourselves. The red lamp of the doctor's shop is a danger signal. HORTICULTURAL HINTS FOR EVERYBODY AND ALWAYS Cultivate acquaintances, if desirable if not cut them. Never sow the seeds of dis- sension. Weed your library. Invest in stocks. Get as much Heart's ease as you can. Fern growers don't be too force in your rivalry : remember the wars of the Friend (o). Attend to wallflowers and trim coxcombs. Emulate the cucumbers cool. Beware of auricular) confession. Don't peach. Avoid flowers of speech. Pot-a lot of money on racecourses. " Bedding-out" is good for plants, but not for friends. Take the advice of the sago, or you may run the consequences. Ladies! Success to the great rose show on your cheeks, and may you always be eyesight ! (N. B. Never pay your bets in foxgloves.) IN my country we've got a war, while your country monotones a neutral position. Yes, sir, we ve got a war, and the true patriot has to make morasses. I have already given two cousins to the war, and I stand ready to sacrifice my wife's brother rather not see the robots in krust. And if wars comes to wass I'll shod every drop of blood my able-bodied relations has got to prosecute the war. I think some i body ought to be proBokooted, and it may as well be the war as anybody else Artemus Ward. AN EXTRAORDINARY WOMAN Our friends of the Carlisle Journal has had the luck to fall in with a miracle of a matron. Listen to the letter which introduces the lady to the editor's attention An extraordinary woman residing not one hundred miles from S-- she has had two living husbands and a dead one and a child to her second husband in ten months and on Tuesday had a set fight with Nebour woman and she won her fight and was brought to bed at three o'clock on Wednesday morning of a daughter and was up in the afternoon at work, the following day got up and Washed some close and carried them to the hedge to dry and retired to bed at night with her baby and husband IN GENUS DIDIOISSE," AND SO ON. Urbane Foreigner : " The-ah-contemplation of these -ah relics of ancient art in the galleries of Europe, must be most interesting to the-ah educated American !" American Tourist : " Wa'al, don't seem to care much for these stone gals, somehow, stranger !" 