WHEAT GROWING ON THE DOWNS. A CORRESPONDENT of the Warwick Examiner communicates the following respecting wheat growing in that district. He says :-" Last year I put in eight acres of Adelaide wheat. The soil was alight loam, with the exception of a small portion of what I call ' salt Heir.' The whole of it was rusty. On the light land the grain was not worth harvesting ; but that' on the salt lick had plump and full heads, and short and clean straw, with but little flag on it. This year I have about three acres of the same seed sown on ridge land, sandy soil, with a large amount of black oxide of iron in it. It has got the rust very bad. Some of it is mown for hay, and the ground ploughed for cotton. By the side of the Adelaide there is a mixed seed sown that looks all right at present. I found a few ears of bearded wheat amongst it with plump, full grain in the ears and the straw cloon, while the Adelaide wheat had nothing in it, and the straw was very rusty. I am convinced that Adelaide wheat does not suit the light soils in this district ; the grain is very soft and the straw very shaggy. The heavy soils on some parts of the Warwick Reserve-land that contains a large amount of alumina and a small portion of same are the best for wheat ; but no land can grow wheat for ever ; it must run out, and that shortly, if cropped year after year, as is the practice here. Mr. Rham, in his " Treatise on Farming," says that a cloy Boil consists of a large proportion of alumina united to slices of various degrees of fineness, and frequently also with a portion of carbonate of lime. It then forms that class of rich wheat soils which produce many successive abundant crops of wheat without manure. Mr. Rham goes on to say that land that contains the various oxides and salts of iron ore injurious to vegetation. The ridge lands around Warwick contain a large amount of oxide of iron. The author above named says that having and burning wUl remove those noxious salts. Mr. Gardiner, in his Prize Essay on Manures," arrives at the following conclusions as to the effects of each manure. I quote from the Agricultural Gazette, May 3rd, 1845: " That oil manures containing a large per cent age of nitrogen, as guano, repo dust, salts of ammonia, nitrates of soda, make the grain grow lighter in weight per bushel, at the same time gives more bushels per acre, and more straw. That, on the other hand, such manure as common salt gives heavier grain per bushel, but fewer bushels per acre. That salt will, in general, be found advantageous as a dressing upon grain crops ; it will not bring a rush of growth like the nitrates, but the grain will be heavier and better quality in clearness of color and plumpness." I am convinced myself that land that does not contain lime naturally should have it applied as a dressing. Salt should also be applied if not already in the soil. I am sure where salt is in the soil that the trust does not take such hold of the wheat crop. The next question is What is the best wheat to sow P I myself should say that hard grained wheat is the most suited for this climate. The soft wheats all grow in the colder parts of Europe, and the hard wheats in the hot parts. The Polish wheat, Griticum politician is a bord wheat, bearded. Griticumiurgidumisa.hcsavi.ua wheat, hard grained, a very early wheat. Both these wheats would do here. Another hard grained wheat is the Spelter wheat- Griticum spelter. This wheat will grow on poor soil, but the chaff adheres so tight to the grain that it has to be ground off. Hard grained wheat is superior to soft wheat for bread making. Hard Wheats contain more gluten and less starch; soft wheats more starch and less gluten, Soft wheats are better for the distiller than for the miller. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH AT Rooster Majesty's ship Galatea, commanded by his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, entered the port of Rio de Janeiro on the 15th July. Upon crossing the bar the frigate hoisted the Royal standard, which was immediately saluted by the forts and the men-of-war, with yards manned. His Highness the Count d'Eu and the Brazilian Minister for Foreign Affairs immediately went on board to visit the Prince, and next morning his Royal Highness went to visit the Emperor at the Palace of St. Christopher. On his return the Prince received at the City Police, where apartments had been prepared for him, a deputation of the British residents of Rio de Janeiro, who presented him with the following address: "To his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G. May it please your Royal Highness, we, the deputation of the British residents of Rio de Janeiro, come to congratulate your Royal Highness on your arrival in the capital of this hospitable country, and to assure your Royal Highness of our loyalty and attach- ment to her most gracious Majesty the Queen, and to all the members of the Royal Family. I We hope that the voyage which your Royal Highness has undertaken may be attended with every comfort and enjoyment, that your Royal Highness may return in safety to our native country to fill the exalted station to which your birth and merit so justly entitle you, and that your name may become renowned in the annals of the British Empire. We desire individually to present to your Royal Highness our most respectful homage. James Andrew, sen., chair man ; Andrew Steele, Jordan Crewae, Thomas S. Newlands, John Gallop, Charles Henry Lowe Rio do Janeiro, July 16, 1867." To this his Royal Highness replied in the following terms: "Gentlemen.-I thank you for your kind address of welcome to me on my arrival here. I feel very sensible of your attention, which, however, does not only address me but expresses those true feelings of loyalty to your Sovereign and her throne, and of attachment to your native country, entertained by all English- men. Thanking you once more for your good wishes, I assure you I shall not fail to inform the Queen of the sentiments you have expressed towards her Majesty and the family." On the 15th the Prince and the Count d'Eu visited the naval arsenal, and examined the five ironclads which are now building, and the dry docks at Cobras Island. In the afternoon his Majesty the Emperor visited the Prince on board the frigate. On the following evening Mr. Thornton, Her Britannic Majesty's Minister at the Court of Rio, gave a grand ball in honor of the Prince, of which their Majesties the Emperor and the Empress and the Count and Countess d'Eu were present, besides the Ministers of State, many officers of the army and navy, and Brazilian and foreign residents. The Imperial family and the Prince retired between two and three o'clock in the morning. On the 20th the Prince dined with the Emperor, at the Palace of St. Christopher. The Ministers of State, Mr. Thornton, and the English, French, and American admirals were also honored with invita- tions. On the 23rd the British residents of Rio de Janeiro offered his Royal Highness a splendid ball at the magnificent rooms of the Casino. The Imperial family honored the ball with their presence. His Royal Highness twice danced a Scotch reel, the first time with Mrs. Thornton and the second with Mrs. Gunning. The Prince retired at half-past 3 o'clock in the morning, and the Imperial family immediately after, amid enthusiastic cheers. The ball broke up at 4 o'clock. On the 24th ultimo the Gala- tea left for the Cape of Good Hope. THE DEER AT PORT ARTHUR. It will be in the remembrance of many of our readers that about twelve or fifteen years ago. His Excellency Sir William Denison imported from India two or three pairs of fallow deer, which for a long time were located in the grounds surrounding old Government House, the site of which is now known as Franklin Square j ultimately these animals were sent to Tasman's Peninsula, where they have greatly increased their numbers. There has long been a desire on the port of the government to supply the sister colonies with a few of those beautiful animals, but the difficulty of capture has hitherto prevented it. It has been suggested by a gentleman much interested in the work of acclimatisation, that an area of land on the peninsula should be fenced in, and put down with English grass, or some other other description of pasturage which would attract the deer, and that when they become used to the enclosure that some them should be secured. We understand that the government have decided to adopt this scheme, and that it will shortly be carried into effect. MARKED in Williamson, Mash.; Mr. William Williams and Miss Lizzie Williams. For par ticulars see small Bills. _ A YOUNG former of Cumnock, Ayrshire, considered that the daughter of a neighbor would suit him as a wife, and having made up his mind he proposed to the fair one without the usual preliminaries. The-young lady's reply was, " Deed, Jamie, I'll take ye ; but you mann give my dues o' courting' for a' that." RATHER MIXED toll Eastern girl, named Short, loved a certain big Mr. Little, while Little, little thinking of Short, loved a little lass named Long. To make a long story short, Little proposed to Long, and Short longed to be even with Little's shortcomings. So Short, meeting Long, threatened to marry Little before long, which caused Little in a short time to marry Long. Query Did taU Short love big Little less because Little loved Long ? A CASE FOR ENGAGED LOVERs. A young man in Ohio, who had given his sweetheart two thousand three hundred dollars' worth of presents during their courtship and after their- engagement, and was then stated by the girl (she marrying another man), brought suit against her, and got a verdict for the full value of the presents, and a trifle for damages. Girls must look out how they just a lover after taking his presents. , WriBN old John Sanders was on his death- bed, he called his young wife, Janet, to $£&. " Janet," said he, "I am not long for this, world ; I am wearing away fort. Now, about the business, Janet. There's Andrew, the foreman ; he knows all about the shop, and all the. customers like him. You will just let a decent time elapse and then make up together." " Ohone !" said Janet, bursting into tears, " don't let that trouble you, John Andrew and I have settled that already." A Low MEANING Smith was rather notorious for putting a malicious construction upon every action of any actress of celebrity. Jones did not like this Smith, in speaking of Piccolomini and or. advantageous offer she had had to sing at a certain ducal palace, suggested a doubtful reason, and asked Jones, "What do you think of that?" " Why," said Jones, "I think you are so clever that you could pick a low meaning out of anything!" Exit Smith. DE. GROEN, the justly celebrated surgeon?.. was once dangerously ill. Shortly after ""Ufa recovery he met one of his lady patients they are not always patient ladies-who remarked to him, -' Oh doctor I rejoice to see that you are out again ; had we lost you, our good people would have died by the dozen."-" Thank you, madam," replied the affable doctor, " but now I fear they will die by the Gross!" A LAWYER who was sometimes forgetful, having been engaged to plead the cause of the offender, began by saying, " I know the prisoner at the bar, and he bears the character of being a most consummate and impudent scoundrel. Here somebody whispered to him, that the prisoner was his client, when he immediately continued, " but what great and good man ever lived who was not calumniated by his contemporaries. A " PEPPERY " YARN.-" I went to the Legislature last year," said a Georgian. " Well, I went to Augusta and took dinner at a tavern. Right beside me sat a member from one of the back towns that had never taken dinner before at a tavern in his life. Before his plate was a dish of peppers, and he kept looking at them. Finally, as the waiters were very slow in bringing on things, he up with his fork and in less than no time soused one into his mouth. As he brought his grinders down on it, the tears came into his eyes. At last, spitting the pepper into his hand, he laid it down by the side of his plate, and with a voice that set the whole table in a roar, exclaimed, Just be there and cool.' " A CELEBRATED physician was recently called upon to prescribe for anUUterate old lady; and as cod-liver oil, in his opinion, was the remedy for her complaint, he wrote a prescription for the apothecary to put up, with the formula, " Ole. Joe. Ass.," being an abbreviation of Oleum Jecoris Assets, or, in plain English, cod-liver oil. The medicine was procured, taken, and in a few weeks the old lady completely recovered her health. A neighbor paid her a visit after her recovery, and expressing surprise at her improved condition, inquired the secret of so rapid a restoration. " Why," said the old lady, lift- ing her hands in grateful enthusiasm, " it was that beautiful medicine, the oil of jackass, that brought me on my foot again." A WITTY Hibernian, just arrived in London, and wandering about, perceived a blanket at a shop door, with the inscription on it This superior blanket for half price." Pat walked in and demanded the price. Five shillings," replied the smooth and polished shopkeeper. " Be my sow, and that's chaps enough !" and so, folding the blanket up, and putting it under his arm, he laid' down two and sixpence, and was walking off. The shopkeeper intercepted him, and demanded the other half-crown. " Didn't you say, you spleen, that the price of the blanket was five shillings, and sure, have I given you the half of it By this and that, I won't give up my bargain." A scuffle ensued, and Fat was taken, to Bow Street, but when there he pleaded his cause so well that the magistrate dismissed the complaint, and advised the shopkeeper never again to ticket his goods with " half-price." A SWEET THING IN DICTIONARIES. A publisher in London announces "The Lovers' Dictionary a poetical treasure of love' thoughts, fancies, addresses and dilemmas, in- flexed for reference as a dictionary of compli- ments, and guide to the tender science." If this book should be republished in this country, we might expect to hear the lover declare himself thus : ' Come live with me and be my love, And we will all the pleasures prove That valleys, groves, hills and fields, "Woods or steep mountains yields." And then it would be laughable to hear a practical female reply-" I don't see it. My tastes ain't country. I'd sooner live in a tene- ment house any time. I never was good at climbing, but I can get up three pair of stairs well enough. Mountains are too steep travelling, specially with tillers on. I'll pass. L can't join a firm so infirm financially." How completely disenchanted the poetic youth would be. PERHAPS the best pen of this generation of lawyers was made by Lord Colonsay. A shoemaker of Aberdeen had come into a fortune, after having fallen into several misfortunes, chiefly from feminine causes. He sought to divorce his wife, and she sought to divorce him, and in the various Suits £2,000 or £3,000 was spent. Lord Deas, during a dispute about the wife's expenses, asked, " How would this shoemaker have got justice if he had been obliged to stick to his last?" The Lord President instantly answered, " He would have required to have spent his awl." STOEBSTEDIONS.-There is a truth lies in themell They are founded severally upon certain, insights and thoumoturgio powers, which are never alien to nature when harmonious man, appears. Magic itself is but the evil application of the science of correspondence. Nothing is more evident to- day than that the men of facts are afraid of a large number of important facts. All the spiritual facts, of which there are plenty in every age, are denounced as superstitions. The best attested spirit stories are not well received by that scientific courtesy which takes I off its grave hat to a new beetle or a fresh alkaloid. Large-wigged science behaves worse to our ancestors than to our vermin. Evidence on spiritual subjects is regarded as an impertinence by the learned, so timorous are they,, and so morbidly fearful of ghosts.- If they were not afraid they would investigate, but nature is to them a churchyard, in which they must whistle their day tunes to keep up their courage. As the matter stands we are bold to say that there is no class that so little follows its own rules of shearing experiment and deduction, or has so little respect for facts, of the hard-headed scientific. They are attentive enough «> a class of facts that nobody values te beetles, spiders,, and fossils but as to three dear facts that common men and women, "is a" time and places have found full of interest wonder or importances they show them a deaf ear and a callous heart. Science in this selects its mission, which is to give us in Knowledge a transcript of the world, and primarily- of that in the world which is nearest and' dearest to the soul. Wilkinson. . 