COOLIE LABOUR AND COOLIE IMMIGRA TION. (Abridged from the Cornhill Magazine.) The pressing and increasing cry for field-labour in our intertropical colonies and dependencies, and in other countries lying within or adjacent to the tropics, has turned the attention of cultivatorue and govern meputs to that available supply which, under the com prehensive name of Coolies, embraces the yellow skinned men of China and the darker races of India. The production of sugar, cotton, coffee, rice, and tobacco is so dependent for the future on Oriental labourers, who must take the place of, or at least supplement, the African negro, diminished in num bers and no longer economical in husbandry, that Europeans have ceased to regard the subject of coolie labour with apathy, and feel the sincere interest which arises when the supply of acustomed comforts is endangered. In presenting the following particulars and statistics relating to coolie labour and immigration, we have availed ourselves largely of the enlightened reports fnrnished to the Hawaiian Gooernment by Dr. Hille brand, the commissioner despatched by that govern ment to travel in China, India, and through other regions whence a supply of labour might be expected. We commence with the Chinese emigrants. The principal ports from which coolies are drawn are Hong Kong, Macao, Canton, Amoy, and Swatow. Emigrstion from the North of China has been attempted, but without success. The Northern Chinese are greatly attached to their homes, poor and miserable as these are, and thley look with suspicion upon any proposal which would remove them from their accustomed haunts. The French Government esdeavoured to induce the peasantry to emigrate by issuing advertisements, with detailed conditions, in scene of the principal Northern cities; but their invi tations produced no effect on the population. Bonded coolies are demanded by and deported to the following places, which are arranged in the order of their inportance and urgency of demand:--To Peru, to Cuba, to the British West Indies (principally De merara and Trindad), to Dutch Guiana, to Tahiti, to India, and to Java. The coolie trade to Peru and to Cuba is entirely in the hands of private contractors Peruvians, Spaniards. Portuguese, and French. It is carried ont entirely from Marao, with the exception of one establishment at Canton, that of a Frenchman, who ships to Havana. There are at Macao six or eight depots, from which about 30,000 to 40,000 coolies are shipped every year to Peru and Cuba. The coolies are furnished to the depots by recruiting-agents, Chinese or Portuguese, many of them men of very disreputable character, and not a few more than suspected of being connected with piracy. It is almost needless to remark that they resort to unscrupulous means for obtaining recruits. The firms in Macao which they supply are very well aware of their character; but the demand for coolies is too active to allow them to inquire particularly into the means employed to obtain them. The laws re gulating the trade enacted by the government at Macao are fair and humane, but they are habitually disregarded or evadnd. One salutary regulation exists, that all intending emigrants shiall have free ingress and egress at the depots till two days previous to their sailing; but it is well understood in Macao that no Chinaman once entering the depot will leave it again before his departure. Recruiting under those circumstances is very unpopular, difficult, and danger ous, It is also, as a consequence, expensive. Coolies delivered at a Macao depot cost the trader from 35 to 70 dollars each, head-money. The number of ships at the disposal of the Macao traders is limited, English and American ships being forbidden to carry Macao coolies, and it being seldom that German vessels can be induced to engage in this service. Freights are therefore high. The ships employed are under military equipment and discipline, somewhat resem bling English convict-ships ; the coolies on board them are only allowed an airing on deck by squads of forty together, and the whole proceeding resembles the middle-passage in its general features; but the coolies being far less submissive than negroes, revolts and mutinies frequently occur. Suicides are common, and the mortality is very great, averaging as high as 25 per cent. A frightful disaster happened in April, 18660, whet 550 Chinamen were burned to death on board the ship Napoleon Canavero, in a conflagration purposely kindled by some mutineers. During the eight months, from August, 1865, to April, 1866, no less than sixteen cases of mutiny--many of them having very serious results- were reported in Hong Kong papers; all but two of them having occurred on board ships sailing from Macao. These circumstances tend to raise the price of a Macao coolie. At Collao they are "sold" at an average price of 300 dollars, and at Cuba they often "fetch" 500 dollars.* The contracts run for eight years. The Macao coolies are all males, no *We have these naive expressions, which may have escaped unperceived from Dr. Hillebrand's pen. without other com ment than inverted commas. They are sufficiently suggestive of some unexpressed truths lying behind the details of "free coolie labour." women being ever shipped there : the men are selected entirely for physical qualities. It is quite a relief to turn from this account to the ameliorated system pursued under the agency of the British West India colonies in Canton. A depot is there established large enough for the reception of several hundred emigrants at a time. The present agent receives standing salary. No head-money is permitted, and no contractors are dealt with. The estlblishment is conducted according to the laws and regulations of the British Government, and is placed under the supervision of the regular consular authorities. The doors of the depot remain open, and theemigrantsare free to go in or out till the day before their sailing. Ships are despatched only daring the north-east moonson. Single-decked vessels are alone employed, and not more than 500 coolies are sent in aship o 1800 tone. The average length of the voyage ism 86 to 120 days; and the mortality ranges from l to 2t per cent. The entire cost of the coolies, when landed in Trinidad or Demerara, is from £23 to £26 for each individual 30 per cent. of women are sent from Canton. These receive a bonus of 20 dollars, and are not bound by any contract to work. .The planter who takes the husband takes the wife with him, pays her cost, and maintaine her. The colonial gorernments which conduct the immigration businees defray one-third of the expense from the pblic treasury, and she planters pay an even ratesorcmen and women. In the colonie mentioned, bothb hinee and Indian labourers are employed. Tehaoloniste seem hitherto to have been well eatisfled with ?is mixed emigrants; but of late the question as teen under discussion whether it would.not bedesirable for the future to draw the whole supply fbraonJbina, a rise being anticipated in the cost of labourees ohm India. Surinam and the whole of Dutch Guiana stand next in precedence in the demand for coolies from China. These colonies established an agency in 1863 or1864. and have drawn probably up to the end of. 1865 from 1500 to 2000 coolies. A return passage is secured to these emigrants, also the 'right of changing their masters. The rate of mortality during their transport does not usually exceed 2b per cent; and women and children accompany the men. Letters from Surinam express entire satisfaction with these emigrants. - Tahiti drew, in 1865-66, 500, and was continuing to import them. Very satisfactory accounts of them have reached Hong Kong from Tahiti, and from London, where the chief oilice, of tbh :iompasy is established which has entered. exandsively o.he cultivation of cotton and sugar in Tahiti. This emigration is carried on by the same agency that acts for Surinam, but no women are sent to the South Pacific. It is a remarkable fact that India should have en- tered the Chinese labour-market. In 1868, 3000 Chinese coolies were sent from Hong Kong to be employed on railroad. They were supplied through the agency of an English mercantile house in Hong Kong; they proved, however, so turbulent that they were returned before their term of contract ex pired. Nevertheless, the directors of a company formed for draining extensive marshes in Sunderbunds con template introducing some 6000 labourers from China for that work. it must be borne in mind with regard to India, that Calcutta and Bombay are themselves the principal marts of the labour-export from India to other countries. Java again, although it has a population of thirteen millions, has sent to China for labourers to complete the first railroad in the island. During Dr Hille brand's visit to Hong Kong in April, 1865, the Dutch Government employed a commercial firm there to secure at least 5000 men. Besides these contract ex- ported coolies, there has been a steady voluntary emi- gration for many years from China to the Straits Settlements and all the islands of the Indian Archi pelago, in most of which the Chinese monopolise labour. There is also a steady influx of Chinese to Australia and California, and in California the railroad work is being monopolised by them, in spite of a vio lent prejudice against their race. Dr. Hillebrand thinks it also probable that the Chinese labourer will very shortly have made his entrance into the cotton and cane fields of the Southern States of the American Union. Dr. Hillebrand, comparing the relative merits of Indian and Chinese coolies, writes as follows:— " While the Indian coolie is easily managed and sub missive—thanks to the low servile conditions in which the low-caste Hindoos are born and brought up in their own land—the Chinaman is independent and fiery in his disposition, and violent in action. The former has hardly a conception of rights, while the latter will stick or to fight for what he considers his rights and privileges. Supposed insults and wrongs he will at once oppose by force, whilst the Indian takes them with apparent submission; quietly biding 'his time ; with him poison takes the place the knife. Their relations to the white race are alike unsatisfac tory, but altogether different. The Chinese, in the vain conceit of the superiority of his race and civilis tion, looks on the white race as inferior— at least in this country. The Hindoo, under the external garb of submissiveness, bears and nourishes towards his white master an intense hatred. The Indian accom modates himself to circumstances, works himself readily into new conditions of life, change of food, dress, &c.; while the Chinaman will cling pertinaci ously to the staple of his country--rice, and the final scope of his life and labour is always to return to the flowery kingdom, that his bones may find there a suit able burial-place—a notion with which the low-caste Hindoo is not tainted to any extent. He will be ready to emigrate with his wife and children, in the hope of bettering their circumstances, a resolution to which true Chinaman can only be moved with difficulty. As to capacity for labour, the difference is very great: in general, the Chinaman is more muscular and bony though small of stature; he has been accustomed to hard labour from childhood, is quick and energetic in his actions, and enduring to his labour—qualities which contrast strongly with the slow and lazy move ments of the Indian. On the other hand, the Indian is less exclusive, and more likely to amalgamate and fix his permanent abode among other races." The nineteenth century has witnessed the commence ment of an exodus of labour, in several directions, from an empire which contains in itself one-third of the human race. It is as the first overflowing of some vast reservoir, or of a long pent-up mountain lake. Our age has also seen the breaking down of national preju dices and the influx of European ideas in China. Whereas, formerly, death was the penalty on returning for those subjects who forsook her shores, no restric tion now prevents the celestials from visiting other countries. Twenty years.ago an Englishman could only leave one of the five treaty ports for a few hours; at the present day the emissaries of Christianity may penetrate every part of the empire in freedom and in safety. The Chinese have already settled themselves in Australia, in the islands of tho Pacific, in the Mau ritius, and elsewhere; and it seems likely that, they will extend their march to other kindreds, nations, and languages. Like all great emigrations, their ar rival brings good and ill to the peoples among whom they carry their labour, or allow it to be carried. "The evil that men do lives after them." The Chi nese are already sowing the seeds, in the countries which invite them, of some unknown vices and some new diseases. The former must be controlled and re pressed by police regulations; the latter sequire the utmost vigilance to prevent their spread, and their becoming endemic in new abodes. To the Mongol, the Hindoo, and the remnant of earlier races that in India hover, like ghosts, about their ancient haunts, the world must look for its sup- ply of tropical labour. For a time, at least, they will bring the energies of bone and muscle of peoples whose hereditary lot has been labour, but whose intellectual powers and whose education, low though it be, are higher than the African's; and they will give them in return for rice, for lodging, and some dollars. Whilst the emancipated Negro throws away his hoe, and dreams of political privileges, the Eastern immigration will be making a silent change in the countries where its labour is prized. These imported workers will not be easily dismissed when they have taken root, and a " miscegenation" not dreamed of by planters and gov ernments will follow as a consequence. For good and for ill they will come into our colonies and depen dencies, into that America which we are so often told is " for Americans," into the gold-fields of Australia, and into the scatterred islands of the Pacific. Many of the Chinese will acquire property by their frugal and abstemious habits; but crimes of violence have already distinguished their settlements; and as they place little value on their own life, they do not re- pect the life of others, nor will the fear of death deter them from breaking into the "bloody house" when instigated by anger, jealousy, or the sense of wrong and injustice. Centuries perhaps will, however, have to elapse before the effect of the breaking forth of the old Mongol race among the nations of the earth is seen in its entirety. IsW?rce : Printed and Published by the Proprietors HUon PAriiwnsoN, J. BOwBING fwume, and FLnacUs KrDNEB, at thie Queeeland iumes Ofnloe, l'lenborough-street. 