DEATH OF " ARTEMUS WARD." The well-known American humourist, "Arte- mus Ward," whose real name was Charles Brown, died at Southampton on the 5th March. The ex- treme delicacy of his constitution was evident to all his newly-formed English acquaintance, from the first day of his arrival among them ; but latterly the audience who crowded to hear his quaint and playful "lecture," at the Egyptian hall, must have felt that the peculiarly original entertainer was making them laugh in spite of a melancholy certainty that he would not long retain the power of appearing daily on the little stage, to explain the details of the panorama that was rather worse than panoramas generally are." One Saturday morning's per- formance, at which an extraordinary crowd of notable personages gathered, as though by some sad and silent determination to take fare- well of their favorite, proved the last. Mr Brown quitted Loudon that same day, hoping to return, but hoping against hopo. He would, have liked, he said, to get back again to t America, just to toll the folks there how kind "allyou have been to me," meaning tho many hundreds of " Brittishers" who saw in him a pleasant graceful type of American fun, as freo from a speck of vulgarity as- it was from a shadow ot ill-nature. Some of Mr Brown's best productions as a comic essayist have been Eenned during that brief and closing passage of is lifo, the visit to the " old country.'? The series of papers he wrote for P«ne7tgavea fresh start to his fame, showing as they did a keen, though good humoured power of observation able to deal with new themes better than old. His last contribution to literature was a- clever and timely little article about " Converting tho Nigger," ni the New Tear's volumo of" Savago Club Papers." Those who had the fortune to meet Mr Brown very soon^knew him; and those who - knew him will mourn the loss of a gontlehearted companion, in whoso shrewd, sensible sayings gravity and playfulness were most charrningly jjjlended- * . ?The bonyTof-Mr Charles Brown was brought iip to': London^and will bo temporarily placed in» a 'vaulV at ELensal-green, his wwil^eixprossmg^ita^d^rp that his remains shall be ultimately transported to America. Por nine days before his death ho was quite in- sensible ; but on tho day before his sinking into this condition his intellect was clear, and ho made many requests of tho frionds around him. Ona of those was Captain Britton, the American Consul at Southampton, who has watched his dying countryman as a father might have watched a son. Tho ago of Mr Brown was 33 By his will ho leaves tho bulk of his pro- perty to his mother, whoso ago is G2 ; and his iovo of children is shown by au extraordinary number of legacies to porsons of tender age. A noblo library, formed by his uncle, Calvin Brown, is boquoathodJ to tho best boy in the school of his native'villago, Waterford, Oxford County, Stato of Maine. Ho provides that his pago, an intelligentl'ladT-8riall be put to a prin- ter's-the first in Amorica-for two years, " to learn the value of learning," aud to find tfufc what he has missed; and that afterwards ho shall receive a collegiate education. The pro Eerty bequeathed to Mr Brown's mother is, on or death, to rovort in trust to Mr Horaco Greeley, of New York, to bo applied for tho foundation of au asylum for aged and decayed printers, ho having himself belonged to their craft. He has appointed as his oxecutors Mr T. W. Robertson and Mr E. P. Hiugston, the latter,.of whom has accompanied him in his travels, and has been for some time hi3 secretary. - The members of tko Savage Club hold a meeting on Eriday afternoon, at "Ashley Hotel,." Covent-Gardon, for tho purpose of adopting steps for paying a last tributo of thoir respect to the memory of their departed associate. It was arranged that the body should on tho fol- lowing (Saturday) afternoon bo temporarily interred in Kensal-green Cemetry, thus afford- ing to all tho lamented gentleman's friends an opportunity of following him to the grave. Tho remains of Mr Ward will be removed from Mr Millworf s houso, Havorstock-hill, and con- voyed to tho cemetry and there intorred in un- consecrated ground, in ordor that they might subsequently bo removed and taken to America. (From the Illustrated Theatrical Hfews). A brief sketch of some of tho incidents in tho career of Artemus Ward, gleaned from an American source, may not bo uninteresting to our readers. Charles F. Bro wno was born in 1831 at a village called Waterford, in Oxford . County. Wheu quito a boy ho entered a printing oflico, and was considered a very skilful manipulator at tho "case," but becoming tired of seeing tho same old faces every day, . he started upon a tour aud visited all tho principal places in Now England, stopping afc each town for a brief period, and working athis trade. Ile afterwards settled in Boston, whero he worked with " stick aud rulo" until his abilities enabled him to reach the editorial chair. Comic stories and comic essays were his forte, and his writings soon obtained tho greatest popularity. Tiring of Boston, ho made his way to the West. On tho shores of lake Erio and on the banks of tho Ohio and Mississippi ho gleaned that knowledge of Western life and acquired that acute insight into tho comic side of Western character which stand out so con- spicuously in his humorous sketches. Having I roached Cloveland, ho became editor, of tho Flaindealer, It was at this period .of his lifo that ho adopted tho pseudonym of Artemus Ward. In tho autumn of I860 he, carno to Now York, and was ougaged in tho editorial department of Vanity Miir. His i first attempt at locturing was afc Nor- wich, Conn., since which ho has. at- tained to great celebrity as a comic writer and lecturer. His chief subjects wero "The Babes in tho "Wood," " Sixty Minutos in Africa," " An Hour with President Lincoln, " " Artemus Ward's Struggle with tho Ghost," and " Lifo among the Mormons." In 1S153 ho sailed for California, whore ho made a most successful tour, and roalised large sums of money by his locturing. On one occasion, at Platt's Music Hall, Sau Fraucisco, tho rccoipts amounted to ¡ 1,105 dollars. At San Jose tho placo was illuminated with tar barrels on tho night of his arrival. At Santa Clara, the building not being sufficiently largo, tho whole audience ad- journed to tho open air, while Artemus, sup- ported by Mr Hingston, his agent, holding two wax caudies, " spoke his piece" undor tho star spangled canopy of Heaven. On his way to tho Salt Lako City he was captured by Indians, and narrowly escaped scalping. Returning ¡through the rocky mountains the sleigh was brokou, and Mr Brown and Mr Hingston had to walk soino milos through the snow at mid- night^ followed by a troop of hungry wolves,: which they kept"-at boy with their revolvers. - Ho returned to "New York in 1S04, whero ho attracted immenso audioncos by locturing upon his travels in California und Suit Lako Cit}'. 