A DREADFUL FIGHT. " It was in 'Gl, when I guided a dotacbinent of cavalry who wero coining in fro.n Camp Floyd. Wo had nearly roachod tho Kansas lino, and wero in South Nebraska, when one afternoon I went out of camp to go to the cabin of an old friend of initio, a Mrs. Walt man. I took only ono of iny rovdvers with mo, for although tlio war had broke out I didn't think it nocos- sary to carry both my pistols, and, iu all or'- nnry scrimmagos, ono is hotter than a. dozen, of you shoot straight. I saw somo wiid tur keys on tho road as I was goiu down, and pop ped ono of 'cm ovor, thinking lio'd bo just tho thing for supper. Well, Prodo up to Mrs. Waltmau's, jumped off my liorso, nnd went into the cabin, which is like most of tho cabins on, tho prnrcr, with only one room, and- that hns two doors, oiio opouing in front nnd t'other on a yard, like. ' How aro you, Mrs. Wnlt- nmn I said, feoliug ns jolly as you please. Tho minute she saw mo sbo turned as wliito as a sheet and scroained : ' Is that you, Bill p Oh my God ! they will kill you ! Ruu ! — run ! They will kill you !' ' Who's a-goin to kill mop' said I, ' thore's two can play at that game.' ' It's M'Kniullas and his gang. Thoro's ton of them, and you'vo no chance. They've josjgoue down tlio road to tho corn-rack. Thoy came up lioro only live minutes ago. M'Kund- la's was dragging poor Parson Shipley on tlio ground with a lariat round his ncclt. The prenclior was most doad with choking nnd tho liorsos stamping on him. M'Kandlas knows yer bringing in that party of Yankeo cavalry, and lie swears he'll" cut yer heart out. Run, Bill, run I — But it's too lute ; tlioy'ro coinin up the lano.' While sho was a-tnllcin I re membered I had but ono revolver, and a load gone out of that. Oil tho table there was a horn of powder and sonic little bars of load. I poured some powdor into tlio empty chamber .and ranuncd the load aflor it by hammering the barrel on tho table, and had just capped tho pistol when I hoard M'Kandlas shout": ' There's that d— d Yank Wild Bill's horse j lie's hero ; and we'll skin him alivo I' If I lind thought of ruuuiii before it war too late now, and the house was my best holt — a sort of for tress, liko. I novor thought I should leuvo that room alivo." Tho scout stopped in his story, roso from his soat, and strode backward and forward in a stato of great excitement. " I toll you what it is, Kernel," lie resumed, aftor a while, " I don't mind a scriinmago with theso ifellors round horo. Shoot ono or two of thorn and tho rest run away. But all of M'Kandlas's gang woro roekless, blood-thirsty dovils, who would fight as long as thoy had strength to pull a trigger. I have boon iu tight places, but that's ono of tho low times 1 said my prayers. ' Surround tho houso and givo him no quarter!" yelled M'Kandlas. When I hoard that 1 felt ns quiet and cool as if I was a-goin to church. I looked rouud tho room and saw a Hawkins rifle liangin ovor the bod. " Is that loaded ?" said I to Mrs. Waltmau. " Yos," tlio poor thing whisporod. .Sho was so frighten od sho couldn't spoak out loud. "Aro you sure?" said I, as I jumped to tho bed and caught it from its lioolcs. Al though my eye did not leavo tho door, yet I could seo sho nodded ' Yes" again. I put tho revolver on tho bed , and just then M'Kandlas pokod his head insido tho doorway, but jumped ba'ck wlion lie saw mo with tho rifle iu uiy hand. " Coino in horo, you cowardly dog ! " I shouted. " Come in here, and fight me !" M'Kandlas was no coward, if ho wns a bully. He jumped inside the room with his gun levelled to shoot ; but ho was not quick . onougli. My. riflo ball wont through liis heart. Ho fell back outsido tlio liouso, whoro lie was found afterwards lioldiug tight to liis rifle, which had fallen over his head. His disap pearance was followed by a yell from his gaug, and then thoro was a . dead silence. I put down llio rifle and took tlio revolver, and T said to myself: — '.'Only six shots, nnd nine men to kill. Savo your powder. Bill, for tho death hug's n-comiu ! I don't know why it was, Kernel, " continued Bill, looking at mo inquiringly, " but at that momont things seemed clear and sharp. I could think strong." There was a few Boconds of that awful still ness, and then the ruffians came rushing in at both doors. How wild they looked with their rod, drunken faces and inflamed eyes, shouting and cussing 1 But I never aimed more de liberately in my life. One — two — three- four; and four men fell doad. That' didn't stop tlio root. Two .of thorn fired their bird- guns at me. And then I felt a sting run all over me, The room was full of sinoko. Two got iu cioso to mo, their eyes glaring out of tho cloudB. Ono I knocked down with my fist. " You aro out of tho way for a while," I thought. Tho second I shot dead. Tho other three clutcliod me and crowded ino onto tho bod. I fought hard. I broko with my band ono man's arm. Ho bad liis fingers round my throat. Before 1 could get to my feet I was struck across tho broast with the stock of a rifle, and I folt tlio blood rushing out of my noso and moutli. Then I got ugly, and I remember that I got hold of a knife, and then it wqp all cloudy liko, and I was wild, and I struck savage blows, following tho dovils up from ono Bido to the other of tho room and into tho corner, striking and slash ing until I knew that ovory ono was dead. All of a sudden it seemed as if my heart was on fire. I was blooding ovory where. I rushed out to tho well and drank from the buckot, and then tumbled down in a faint. Broathless with tho intonso interest with which I had followed this strati go story, nil tho more thrilling 'and woird whon its hero, seeming to live ovor again tho bloody ovonts of that day, givo way to its torrible spirit with wild savage gestures. I saw then — what my scrutiny of the morning had failed to discover — llio tigor which lay coucoalod boneath that gontlo exterior. " You must havo beon hurt almost to death," I said. " Thero wore oloven buck-shot in me. I carry some of them now I wns cut in thirteon plnces. All of them bad onougli to have lot out tbo life of man. But tliat blossod old Dr. Mills pulled mo safe through it, aftor a bad siogo of many a long week." " That prayor of yours, Bill, may havo been more potent for your safety than you tliiuk. You should thank God for youdeliverance." "To tell you tho truth. Kernel." responded tho scout, with a certain solomnity in his gravo face, " I don't talk: about sich things tor tho people round here, but I allors feol Bort of thankful whoa I. got out of a bad scrape." "In all your wild, porilous adventures," I nskod him, " havo you over beon afraid P 1 am suro you will not misunderstand tbo question, for I tako it' wo soldiers comprehend justly that thoro " is no higher courage than that which shows itsolf whoa tho consciousness of danger is koon but whoro moral strongth overcomes the weakness, of tho body." " I think I know what you moan, Sir, and I'm not ashamed to say that I have boon so frightonod that it 'poarod as if all tho strongth and blood had gone out of my body, nnd my. face wns as white as chalk. It was at tbo vVilmo Creok fight. I had firod ' more than fifty cartridges, and I think fetched my man every time. I was on tho skirmish lino, and was working up closer to tlio robs, whon all of a sudden a battory opened fire right in front of mo, and it soundod as if forty thousand guus wore firing, and ovory shot and sholl screeched within six inches of my head. It was tho first timo I was ovor under artillery firo, and i was so frightonod that 1 couldu t rnovo for a minute or so, and t wlion I did go back tlio boys asked mo if I scon a ghost ? They may Bhoot bullets at me by tho dozen, and its rather exciting if t Pftn nlinnfc lmhllr hllfc t nm nlitrmra unnA nervous whon tho big guns go off." — Bold Bill, in Harper's New Monthly Magazine. 