" A GHOST STORY IN ADELAIDE. Tlte following letter appears in the South Australian Chronicle Sir— I wish to correct n statement which appeared in your issuo of tho. 17th iust , concerning a knocking at the doors ofnty house. I, for one, havo never believed in ghost stories, but I will give yon a true account of what I, with nty . family, witnessed nnd heard. 'On Saturday evening, June 8, at 0 o'clock, there canto a rap at the front door, but on going to the door, nobody was there. It -came again afterwards at the back door — a rap, rap, rap, but no one was to be seen. It tben came to the (rent and passage windows. I then determined to try und catch the boys, who, I thought, were causing the disturbance, and got my family to remain at tho bottom of tiie passage while I searched every hiding-place. During my search tbe knocking continued at the back door, bus I could see nobody. This rapping cottlinncd until half-past 10 o'clock, -It-was-so_load_tkat_it_was-heard- acrass-tbe- road, and by 10 o'clock' my bouse and the next one was surrounded by my neighbours and family, nobody was to be seen as tbe cause of the mischief. We beard no more after half- past 10 o'clock till Sunday morning as we were, -going to hare breakfast. At half past 7 o'clock, .there canto twojjeutle raps at the front door ;' answered the door, but could see no one,; Directly afterwards it camo rap, rap, rap, at at the back door. This was heard by my neighbours, who ran out to see. if it was my door. We then searched the roof and every part of the premises, but nobody was to be seen, and whilst we stood talking at the back tbe rapping continued at the front door. My little boy said the door half opened in'his hand, and there were three heavy raps before our eyes. My next door neighbour stood under tho verandah watching the outside of my door, and he saw the door shake with the knocks. The back door was.beatcn severely, and I said — " Open the door and see if it will be better but the rapping still continued, and about 10 o'clock it came to the inner doors, and remained . inside ..tho.. house all day. There .are six iuner doors, aud each oue had three heavy raps. At I o'ciock the knocking was Tery severe, aud I bad eight adult witnesses in the house who saw the doors shake with the rapping. This continued until half-past 4 o'clock. On Monday, the 10th, it returned again about 8 o'clock, and at half-past 10 a man who had been lodging with me was in tha house, and the rapping was so load that he ran out quite frightened, and was it! next.day.in consequence. I know not what is the meaning of all this, bnt I have given yon a fall and clear account of what occurred, and I only hope we shall not be troubled with it again. As to my child, which died on the following Tuesday night, I am not going to suppose that "the knocking had anything-to:do-wilh my child's death; I may also mention that a friend of miue, who con. sidered the whole affair..c.>mplete humbug, was in my bouse on Monday, and when the rapping commenced on the partition, he started, and inquired if that was the noise. On being told that it was, he rushed oat of the house, vowing that be would not lire a day in it, and was ill all night from the fright Put up Howell. Adelaide, Jane 47. 