SOCIAL AFFAIRS IN ENGLAND. [Written expressly for this Journal.) London, Octobeii 2C. I Fenianism ib not a very inviting topic. Certainly il' ' is not a subject with which one would prefer com jncncing & letter intended to be read at a time when colonial folks are busily preparing for their Christmas festivities. Sydney people mil have small regard for tidings breathing of revolvers and daggers at a time when their thoughts are running more upon festive parties, balls, and pleasure excursions. To talk of Fenian outrages at such a time very niuch resembles playing the part of a grinning, ghastly skeleton at an Egyptian feast.- But it cannot be helped. Men are not allowed to be the chooaers of events. They must take them as they come. No doubt by the time this letter reaches Sydney, all kinds of moBt alarming telegrams will have been received and published in the colonial papers. We shall have colonists picturing the streets of London as bristling with bayonets, its public build ings guarded with cannon, its policemen armed to the teeth with' cutlasses and revolvers, and we poor, Lon doners, shivering in pale-faced terror at each fresh xeport of threatened Fenian atrocities. It is xeally too bad. The extent to which this 3Ten1an alarm is at present spreading in this couhtry is perfectly ridiculous. More, it is dis graceful. It savours very much of the wild kind of panic which prevailed here jvhen the infamous ^TitusOates threw the kingdom into paroxysms of alarm by his pretended revelations of the treasonable designs of misguided Roman Catholics. We are be coming as .completely frightened as ever were little children. threatened by a'miechievous nursemaid with a visit by 'a black man out of the coal-hole,' and* with evidently quite as little reason. This state of affairs has proved quite a god-send to the legions of editors, whose dull season resources, in the shape of gigantic specimens of the vegetable world, have been used over and over again till the good, patient public can stand it no longer. Very many of the prevailing alarms are distinctly traceable to the mischievous pro pensity possessed by many persons for hoaxing ethers. Yet there is no doubt of the fact that in this country we have a large number of ruffianly, des jieradoes, and a still larger number of their pot-house ? sympathisers, fully capable of perpetrating any atrocity, hewever senseless or audacious, as in the case of the attack on the Manchester police van ; but anything like a successful outbreak on their part is ?wholly out of the question. Not only would these fellows have to encounter the combined military and civil forces of the kingdom, but they would find themselves face to face with an infuriated population, toe eager, we fear, to wreak their vengeance on the reckless disturbers of their peace. History shows that it is not by public-house conspiracies, cowardly assassinations, wanton outrages, on the persons and property of innocent individuals, fox-like skulking in dark holes and corners, or reckless disregard of the fights of property, that the social and political pro gress of nations has been secured, Never had Lrish questions such a fair chance of being fairly discussed as at present ; never was the Irish Church difficulty —Ireland's great trouble — nearer its solution. The more intelligent class of Irishmen, no matter what may be their social position, are shrewd enough to perceive this. Nay more, they are are 'cute enough also to perceive that their unfortunate country — for poor Erin has been unfortunate in her experiences ?-is far less likely to become great, prosperous, and glorious, under the rule of transatlantic rowdyism, men of whom all good Americans are utterly ashamed, than -under the sway of a Power which is daily growing more kind, enlightened, and liberal in all its actions. Ireland's worst enemy could not have devised a plan more fatal to the brightening prospects of that country than this mad curse of Fenianism. English capital was beginning to flow into Ireland, native industries were beginning to employ large numbers of Erin's sons and daughters, and British tourists were beginning to find 'that the Lakes of Killamey were at least as attractive as the waters of lucerne or Zurich — that the hills of Connemara were not leBS pUturesque than those of Switzerland, when, io ! there came a stem whisper — ' the Fenians' — . and instantaneously the brightness of the picture had Vanished. Every phase ot the Fenian movement, especially in England, bears traces of its 'rowdy' origin. It is not the kind of agitation that poor Enimett or the light-hearted O'Connell would have cared to become identified with. 'With all their failings — and these were not a few — they, like the . majority of their fellow countrymen, were too honourable- minded, too sincerely patriotic, to bare favoured a movement formented by men whose principal haunts are low, reeking houses fre quented by courtezans and people of infamous charac ter. The green banner of Erin was never intended to fee draggled in the filth of vile Tom and Jerry shops, or to cover the nefarious designs of men who use the name of patriotism as an excuse for their insatiable ambition and greedy luBt of gain. Unfortunately, the fruits of Fenianism are becoming apparent in the dailv increasing antagonism between the lower classes cf English and IriBh here, despite the Fenian procli vities of Mr. Odgers and other equally renowned ad herents of the Reform League. This is our real danger. Fenianism, of itself does not constitute more than a passing menace. The authorities may t-e unprepared to cope with isolated and unexpected outrages such as that at Manchester ; or to ferret out Bloomsbury murderers, but there is every reason for believing that the Government are in possession of ample information respecting the designs of the Tenian leaders, and have taken their precautions accordingly, so as to be prepared for the least con certed outbreak. Nay, it is more than probable that but for the difficulty of procuring the xequisite amount of legal evidence, the leaders would have been in custody long before this. Of course, we except Kelly and Deasy, who are undoubtedly leading a most miserable life, every outlet of the warren in which they lie concealed being most carefully watched by the police. They can trust no one. The man who shelters them tp day, to- morrow may be denouncing tbem to their pursuers. . Fenianism is to Ireland what physical force Chartism was to England— a movement led by rogues, and supported by those too blind, too foolish, to perceive the absurdity, the inutility, of their attempt. Hut enough of Fenianism. The papers will furnish you with enough matter on that topic; therefore, let us turn to other and, if possible, more inviting topics. Ever 6ince the railings of Hyde Park suc cumbed to the pressure of the crowd, the power of snob law has become more and more felt. Like the lion which, having once tasted blood, longs for more, Bo the mob-rwe do not mean the people or the work ing classes— but the mob, having tasted a little of its leal power, has imbibed a craving for a larger Bhare, whether it be in the shape of an English Irish riot, a raid upon the police, or _ something equally exciting and mischievous ; anything, in fact, bo long as law and order can for a time be success fully set at defiance. What are we to do r Suspend the Habeas Corpus Act ? Bead, ' Riot Acts ' every day ? Fill our prisons with suspected rioters r Nothing of the kind. Popular instinct has hit on the true and infallible remedy. These lovers of disorder, the breakers of park railings, the smaBhers of club win dows, the men who wantonly trample on the rights of labour, are precisely those who, as a class, never ac quired even the rudiments of education. Hence, the ??vast importance which the education question has now assumed in this country. The working-man perceives in its extension the only possible safe- guard for his freedom of labour. The capitalist finds it necessary to press on the practical consideration of the question before visionary theorists urge the mob into a war of classes. Everywhere, the question is being earnestly taken up by the real workers — not the talkers— of the social world. No indication more Striking of the progress made by the Edu cation movement can be mentioned, than that afforded by the recent debate of the Congregational Union at Manchester. Mr, Boines, Dr. Vaughan, Sir. Mosley, and other eminent members of that body, have at last modified their views with respect to a national system of education; even Mr. Edward Miall has followed suit, and expressed his renuncia tion of the opinions bo long entertained by him. ft is only fair to add that the energetic manner in which the' Australian colonies have taken up the matter of zinsectarian education, has largely influenced public opinion here. Mr. Baines, in' his speech, said the following seemed to him ' to be the principles which Bhould guide legislation, expressed both positively and negatively 1. To encourage and stimulate education by all means consistent with freedom, but not to force it by penalties and police — the agencies of despotism. 2. To utilise the vast educational machinery now existing, and not wantonly to ' sweep it away : to co-operate with the tried friends of edu'eation, and not to provoke their opposition. ,3. To aid impartially all good schools, and neither to compel nor tp prohibit religious in struction. 4. To maintain an' efficient inspectioa of aided schools, and to pay only for the ascertained Jesuits of their work. 6. To allow free scope for the action of individuals and communities in regard to schools, and not to establish a rigid system, either governmental or municipal. 0. To stimulate the per formance of parental duty and the voluntary steal of $he benevolent, and not to wtatyliBh schQols wholly supported by rate* or taxes. 7. To adopt rules with regard to juvenile labour, both in trade and agricul ture, which will at oncc protect the physical health of the children and prolong their period of education.' ?While the Nonconformists are thus speaking but Vhurchmen are by no means idle. Mr. Acklahd, M.P., the other day, addressing his constituents, said ' he did not think there was ever a time within his memory when there was more need for every effort that could be made to promote the co-operation of all clasBes, from the highest down to the lowest, in the diBBemination of education in England. Education was the one thing they must have if they meant to keep their place, and work together, and live as a united, people. He hoped that all causes of heartburnings would be laid aside, and that they would try seriously and earnestly -to do what the country wanted; but whether they were willing that it should come in a compulsory form, or be left to voluntary foundations and institutions, in this one thing they would all agree — that no efforts on behalf of the State, and that no efforts on behalf of the Church, or any other deno mination, could be successful in doing justice to their children, boys and girls, unless they aU took a warm and deep personal interest in the question, and put their shoulders to the wheel in co-operation with those far-seeing men who would look to them, if not now, in two or three years.' This is a very fair specimen of the manner in which the education question is now being taken up by aU classes here, irrespective of politics or creed, unless we indeed except the Roman Catholic bedy, who seem disposed to repeat in the mother country the role performed by them at the Antipodes. Holding their congress at Wolverhampton was a masterly stroke on tiie part of the Church party. By going to that grimy district of coal-pits, forges, manu factories, workshops, foundries, and all the Booty, noisy paraphernalia of labour, the promoters of the congress showed that, however strong their ritualistic tendencies might be, they felt their true policy to be a closer identification of their work and labours with the cause of the working classes. If Wolverhampton will not go to Oxford, why Oxford must go to Wolverhampton. Instead of sneering, as hitherto, at the popularity of a Newman Hall or a Spurgcon, our Churchmen are busy investigating the causes of that popularity, with the view of turning the knowledgs io acquired to practical account. How far they have succeeded may be inferred from the remarkable speech of the Bishop of Oxford at the Wolverhampton working men's meeting, in which that prelate touchingly described how 'the tendency of the present day, in all its strong competition for the j wages of the earth, was to set class sccretly against class.' Still more earnest were the prelate's tones, as he said to his numerous hearers, men with swarth features and stalwart limbs, 'how he felt i that ' nothing could be more dwarfing and narrowing than to indulge in feelings of asperity and hostility to I those who were separated from each other by artificial and narrow bonds. He thought the Church could break through those difficulties, and that it could keep alive in this country a true estimate of the dignity of labour. With regard to the sympathies that have hitherto existed between the clergy and the working man he thought there had been great faults on both sides. The clergy had been stiff and unsympatliising ; very often in time past they had rather fled from the face of the multitude into coteries, and into the genial society of those who would echo back in sighs th e utterances which they themselves made ; and they had fled to a certain degree from the conflict which Christ had ordained for them. But a different spirit now prevailed. They did not want fine chapels filled with persons who used perfumed handkerchiefs, but they wanted great churches filled with thinking men. Let the time that had passed suffice for the wretched jealousies of conflicting sects. If any man thought that by adding over and above that which the Church had instituted, councils of perfection, such as that whieh he firmly believed John WeBley intended to institute, people should not find fault ; they should rather adopt them into the common bosom of loving Christianity, and bid them God speed. He believed the great religious difficulties that now weakened Christian sects arose more out of the memory of past evils than from the existence of a present necessity, and if Churchmen and Dissenters would unite to exalt the one name of Christ, and for their love of that name seek heartily for brotherly communion in one common Church, England might have it, and, having it, she might be the first in things spiritual, and then in things material, and, as a whole, more than a match for a divided world around her.' Are not times changing with a vengeance r Everybody, Whigs, Tories, Churchmen, and all, seem to nave started on the race in Liberalism with a firm determination not to be among the hindmost. Where will it all end? Ib the golden time, of which our poets have so often sung, really at last looming in the distance r It was not so very many years since, but that bishops figured rather conspicuously in Cleave's caricatures, and were popularly identified with church rate6, tithe pigs, gluttony, bigotry, and we know not what besides. Who could have anticipated this change r It is mar vellous. It is like a dream. But hearken again. This time it is not a prelate of the Established Church who is speaking. It is the voice of our Tory Premier at Manchester. After manfully pointing out the evils of trades unionism, thus spoke Earl Derby, — ' I believe the working classes are awaking to a fuller sense than they have yet had of the claims of capital. And that nothing has contributed to that result more than the establishment ot co-operative societies. I believe that they have done very great good, not only in establishing habits of frugality and order, but in teaching their members to estimate the claims of capital and labour.' Again — ' With regard to the Reform Bill, although some hazard might be supposed to attend ihe passing of so large a measure, I look forward with great confidence to the result. I have great reliance on the good sense of my countrymen, and I am not at aU alarmed at the prospect.' It is enough to awaken the ghost of Cobbett from its repose when we find *' parsons' and Tory Premiers talking in this strain. Certainly, it is better than slitting the ears of re fractory Nonconformists tor refusing to go to church, or punishing with fine and imprisonment those who ventuie to express an opinion that men who pay taxes ought also to have the franchise. The labour question, however, obstinately con tinues to block the way. Not only are we thteatened with that most terrible of all bores — the so-called working-class member of Parliament, but the germs of a new nine-hours movement in the building tradeB are being rapidly developed, as if we had not already enough of these miserable contests between labour and capital. It is sickening to hear the mischievous I nonsense spouted by our trades' unionist leaders. For instance, the other day, at London, Mr. Druitt, of the London Tailors' Union, ' trusted they would yet see the day when skilled artisans would no longer be the down-trodden and neglected men they were, and when they would assert in one great Parliament of labour that they were brothers.' This is all very fine, but the workman's loaf will not be a bit the bigger for it. Neither will lectures on ' the hard earned victories of the lockea-out tailors, and the advantages (?) of the strike,' or on ' The horrible cruelties and shocking immoralities of non- unionism,' tend to improve the position of the workmen. True, the tailors strike is over, but the men have given in only at the end of the season, and will now have to wait until next spring before the trade resumes its periodical briskness The Trades Conference at Preston have pasBed a series of resolutions, one of which is to the effect that, although they, in common with the rest of the commu nity, deeply deplore and condemn the outrages which have been committed, they find that the employing classes are endeavouring to prejudice the public mind in order to obtain repressive legislation for class purposes. This, it need not be added, is the very reverse of the truth. Public opinion here is unanimous against any clasB legislation on the sub ject. At Sheffield, the notoriousllroadhead, deprived of his license as a publican, has resumed work as a sawgrinder. Meanwhile the more respectable of the Sheffield unions appear desirous of removing them selves from the taint which the recent revelations have inflicted upon them. Departed are ths glories of the prize ring. Never was the reputation of the ' manly art ' at a lower ebb than at the present time. For a long period it has been languishing, and now it has received its final blow. It has fallen into the hands of swindlers, of ruffianly bullies, of close-cropped vagabonds, and light-fingered gentlemen, who have speedily deprived it of what little prestige plucky little Tom Sayers .was enabled to confer upon it. Boat racing, cricketing, similar pastimes, anroore to the taste of our modern athletics, than is the spectacle of a couple of prize fighters belabouring each other amid the approving yells of a mob of drunken roughs, thieves, and idle scamps. There are some, however, but surely these must belong to the claBB of ancient fogies, who se riously maintain that the decline of the prize ring is a sign of national effeminacy. This is sheer nonBense. How much more noble, more elevating, and en couraging is the example of Prince Alfred engaged in an adventurous and instructive voyage round the world, visiting the distant parts of that mighty empire which rejoices in the rule of his queenly parent. Which are tho llghtr it men— Scotchmen, Irishmen, or English men t In InsUud, tbfre arc men of Cork ; [a Scotland, men of i Ayr ; hilt in England, there are llghtermon, I 