THE DORCHESTER PROTEST AGAINST THE BISHOP OF SALISBURY'S CHARGE. Dr. Hamilton, Bishop of Salisbury, has. made the following reply to the protest of clergy and laymen of the Dorchester Deanery : Bradford Peveroll, May 20th." " My dear SIR-The address which was signed by you and eight other clergymen, and fifteen laymen, reached me on Saturday before I left Dorchester. When I asked my brethren to give my whole Charge a calm and patient and dutiful consideration, I did not expect to receive, within an hour and a half of my addressing part of it to them, an expression of opinion about it from any of them. I thank all who j signed the address for their assurance of their earnest prayers for me, and I remain, your faithful brother, "Roy. II. Mondo." " W. K. SARUM. In reply, the Vicar of Fordington has addressed the following letter : " To the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Salisbury. " Fordington Vicarage, May 21st. " My Lord It would be difficult for me to assemble and consult the signatories to the protest delivered to you on Saturday last, against the doctrines set forth in your Lordship's Charge. I shall, therefore, in reply to your Lordship's letter received this morning, answer solely for myself, and afterwards communicate to them, and, if needful, to the public, both that letter and this my reply. My act in so protesting was prompt, but it was neither a hasty act, nor was it the result of impatience and if it bears on it the appearance of of undutifulness to your Lordship, I solemnly declare it to have been done after much previous consideration and under a deep and conscientious sense of duty ; but duty not merely to your Lordship, but to the people committed to my ministerial charge, to my Church, and to my Lord and Master in heaven. For, although I utterly reject as a fiction of man your Lordship's claim for us clergy of regal, judicial, and supernatural | powers, I yet claim to be, through God's grace, and ambassador of Christ. With full consideration of the deep import of those words, I claim to have been moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon me that office, and to have been truly called according to the will of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the due order of this realm, to the ministry of the Church.' Through a long course of years "the truths of Holy Scriptures embodied and set forth in the Articles and Formularies of that Church have been intelligently hold and steadfastly believed by me, and the grace received and imparted through the ministration of God's Word and Sacraments, and the prayerful use of our Scriptural Liturgy, has been to me a living reality. For half a century, either in the prepara- tion for the ministry or its exercise, not only have the Holy Scriptures been my study and delight, but in actually approaching the heart-searching God in the use of the services of our Church and especially, I may say, in that for the Holy Communion), I have calmly and solemnly weighed their every expression. Of those services, also, I know the history. And although to the testimony of what your Lordship is pleased to call . the undivided Church' I do not attach that weight which you do I flatter myself that my knowledge of it is equal to your Lordship's. Now, according to these convictions of the truths set forth by our Church, and as one who, in the reality of Christian faith and l experience knows what it is to dwell in Christ, and have Christ dwelling in him-to be one with Christ, and have Christ one with him,' I have taught my people. They know what I have thus taught them. There are those who have received this teaching. In. this same faith and experience, my Lord, I have trained four of my own sons to the ministry of our Church. Two of them, as you know, constrained by the love of their incarnate Saviour,' received by them under that training, have devoted themselves as presbytery of our Church to mission work in China and to their father's teaching, under God, they all continue to pay a dutiful and intelligent defence. For an aged presbyter, then, my Lord, under such circumstances, to be told that his teaching on such essential doctrines as those of which you treat has been erroneous is no light matter. It is no light matter either to himself or to those whom he has taught or may be teaching. And this in your Lordship's Charge, I am told. For if you be right I must be wrong. What can you mean by two or more sides to one truth I cannot understand. But to the truth in the points in question there cannot be two sides. Either I can by a judicial act absolve from sins and condemn or I cannot. The supernatural power to communicate to the broad and wide the presence of the incarnate Saviour is mine or it is not. In the administration of the Holy Communion I either offer a sacrifice or I do not. Your Lordship's Charge contains the direct affirmative in each case. My touching, which I confidently maintain to be that of the Church of England, sets forth the direct negative. With reference to the main point in your propositions,' the real presence,' I call your Lordship's attention to this one statement of Hooker fEel. Polity, hook v., section 67) :-' The real presence of Christ's most blessed body and blood is not, therefore, to be sought for in the sacrament, but in the worthy receiver of the Sacrament. And with this the very order of our Saviour's words agrooth ยก first, 'Take and eat;' then, ' This is my body which was broken for you. First, 4 Drink ye all of this ;' then followed, ' This is my blood of the New Testament which is shed for you and for many for the remission of sins.' I see not which way it should be gathered from the words of Christ when and where the bread is His body or the cup His blood, but only in the very heart and soul of him which receiveth them.' When, therefore, the propositions contained in that Charge appeared, and I knew that many of my people would read them, and some, perhaps, hear them in your delivery of the Charge, I carefully considered what was my duty to your Lordship, indeed, but to myself also, to my people, and to my Lord and Master in heaven. Nor do I make an empty profession when I assert that I prayed for guidance I was soon led to the conclusion that I ought at once to weigh well your propositions that I should give to them in this form in which they were presented to me ' a calm and patient and a dutiful ' consideration-as coming from my Bishop. But I was led also to this conclusion, that on your Lordship's arguments in the delivery of your charge failing, as I certainly foresaw they must, to establish those propositions. I must immediately protest against them, lost to my ministry and teaching another great hindrance should be presented. In the excellent summaries which have been given of the Charge in the public prints your propositions had been read by many. For eight days previous to last Saturday they had been considered by me. I had compared them with the Articles and Formularies of our Church. I had consulted some of our best authorities-to say nothing of having occasionally, the subject of the Keys, referred to one or more of the early Fathers. I had fully satisfied my mind that by any consistent member of our Church each of those propositions was utterly untenable Still I felt that I was bound to listen "carefully to the delivery of the Charge. My only doubt was as to what, in the anticipated flagrant failure of thonrgiimont, should be the mode of protest. To on iniiiiodiato protest there was none. For there are occasions, my Lord (and this appeared to me prominently such), in which delay implying never tainty and doubt is peculiarly dangerous. And I own that, under this feeling, my first impulse was in the event supposed to protest, as in another place a brother did, openly in the church. I furthered knowledge, my Lord, that as one unsound mind in scriptural assertion and argument followed another, my calmness and patience were sorely tried. With God's help, however, they endured and I hold to the wiser counsel of friends, who advised the written protest which immediately after the delivery of the Charge, was written out, road over five or six times, signed, and sent to your Lordship. To ourselves no loss, I believe, than to your Lordship such a step was exceedingly painful. Yet, as I calmly reconsider it, I cannot in any way regret the part which in it I have taken, especially since reading, as, through the kindness of a friend, I have been permitted to road, the entire Charge. For in the portions omitted in delivery I find nothing in any way to weaken, but very much to increase, our condemnation of the doctrines held by your Lord ship, and set forth in that Charge. Those doctrines against which we have protested have not been shown by your Lordship to be supported by our Articles or Liturgy. You have not proved them by certain warranty of Holy Scripture.' You cannot so prove them. To the Articles, the Liturgy, and the Holy Scriptures they are directly opposed. Against them, therefore, I repeat individually my solemn and earnest protest. ?" I am, my Lord, Yours respectfully and faithfully, HENRY MOULE." v..,. i 