CAPTURE OF FORAN THE BUSH- RANGER. (From the Southern Argus.') IT is satisfactory to know that the desperado J ohn Foran, the mate of Lawrence Cummings, is safely lodged in gaol. He was captured on SuDday morning last, at Mre. Cummings' house, Bolong. About 6 o'clock p.m., constable William Wiles, in charge of the lock-up at Taralga, accompanied by two troopers, via., his son, George R. Wiles, and John Chalker, jun., proceeded to the place where they had been informed the bushranger was "planted." The party surrounded the house, and on informing those within that they were the , tlle bushranger removed" a slab from his hiding-place and stepped out, evidently with the determination of making good his escape. He was fully armed, but just as be emerged he was covered by George Wiles's revolver and ordered to stand. Foran then presented his revolvers at bis opponent, but luckily before he had time to draw the trigger a shot from the constable penetrated his breast and rendered the would-be homicide hors-de-combat. He was then secured and safely brought to Taralga, where he was kept on Sunday night, and conveyed into Goulburn by his capturers on Monday evening last, aud his wounds attended to, which were but slight flesh wounds. Foran is quite a youth, his chin beardless; of a light complexion, with hair cut in the mode peculiar to the young men in the bush. He was dressed in a light-colored coat, cord breeches, and knee boots. A GHOST STORY FROM ADELAIDE.—The following letter appears in the South Australian Chronicle:—Sir,—I wish to correct a statement which appeared in your issue of the 17th instant, concerning a knocking at the doors of my bouse. I, for one, have never believed in ghost stories, but I will give you a true acccount of what I, with my family, witnessed and heard. On Saturday evenin«, June 8, at 6 o'clock, there came a rap at the front door, but on going to the door, nobody was there. It came again afterwards at the back door—a rap, rap, rap, but no one was to be seen. It then came to the front and passage windows. I then determined to try and catchi the boys, who I thought, were causing the disturbance, and got my family to remain at the bottom of the passage while"I searched every hiding-place. During my search the knocking continued at the back door, but I could see nobody. This rapping continued until half-past 10 o'clock. It was so loud that it was beard across the road, and by 10 o'clock my house and the next one was Furrounded by my neighbors and family, but nobody was to be seen as tbe cause of the mischief. We heard no more after half-past 10 o'clock till Sunday morning as we were going to have breakfast. At halfpast 7 o'clock, there came two gentle raps at the front door, I answered tho door, but could see no one. Directly afterwards it came rap, rap, rap at tbe back door. This was beard by my neighbors, who ran out to see if it was my door. We then searched the roof and every part of the premises, but nobody was to b* . seen, and whilst we stood talking at the back the rapping continued at tbe front door. My little boy said the door half opened in his hand, and there was three heavy raps before our eyes. My next door neighbor stood under the verandah watching the outside of my door, and he saw the door shake with the knoc-ks. The back door was beaten severely, and I said—"Open the door and see if it will' be better;" but tbe rapping still continued, and about 10 o'clock it came to the inner doors, and remained inside the house all day. There are six inner doors, and each one had three heavy raps. At 1 o'clock the knocking was very severe, and I had eight adult witnesses in the bouse who saw the doors shake with the rapping. This continued until halfpast 4 o'clock. On Monday, the 10th, it returned again about 8 o'clock, aud at halfpast 10 o'clock, a man who had been lod«nnc» with me was in the house, and tiie rappincr was so loud that he ran out quite fri<rhtene<f aud was ill next day in consequence. I know' not what is the meaning of all this, but I have given you a full and clear account of what occurred, and I only hope we shall not be troubled with it again. As to my child, which died on the following Tuesday night, I am uot going to suppose that the knocking had anything to do with my child's death. I may also mention that a friend of mine, who considered tbe whole affair complete humbug, was in my house on Monday, and when the rapping commenced on the partition, he started, and inquired if that was the noise. On being told that it was, he rushed out of the house, vowing that he would not live a day in it, and was ill all night from tho fright. PHILIP HOWELL, Adelaide, June 17 _ WATER DIVINING.—Morgan, the alleged discoverer of springs, has been compelled to sue some of his customers at Arrarat for payment of his skill. The statements made by him with respect to the result of his divination are said to be very curious, and are such as scepticism must find it difficult to explain away. In prosecuting his divination several attempts were made to prove the truth of his professions by those who engaged him, and to these tests Morgan submitted cheerfully. Tho plan usually pursued to corroborate tho correctness of his indications was that of blindfolding, and bewildering him as far as possible as to the locality first pointed out. In all these cases, blindfolded though he was, Morgan invariably returned to and pointed out the precise spot. To this test ho submitted in every instance, and for his services received part payment, or promises that when the sinking had been prosecuted and the water found, the diviner would be amply rewarded. A number of testimonials to the truth of his indications, as tested by sinking and discovering water at the depth mentioned by him, have been given by residents of tho district on whose land Jio has pointed out spriugs, and one is published in the local paper, with the names and addresses of the writers. Two wealthy and youthful earls have just fallen victims to that scourge of our climate consumption; viz., Earl Browulow, at the' age of twenty-four, and Earl Rivers, at the age of seventeen. The rent roll of the former produced £120,000 a year, and that of tho latter £60,000 a year. On a recent Sunday morning at two City churohes not twolvo persons were present. On the same day at Agriculturnl-hall Islington, 22,000 persons assembled to bear. Mr Spurgeon— Home News. 