OUR MONTHLY SUMMARY. 2Ze Mail closes at six o'cloch p.m. 'on Tupsday next, 25th . inst. Our Summary for trans mission to the United Kingdom, India, Bi, Will be published on that morning, and will be forwarded to addresses sent to the office ip time for posting. The subscription is fioe shillings; per annum paid, in advance. Single copies Sixpence. . Pi.Aoss on' AMsIEMrNT.-.For j. the information of those interested, who may not have the Act to refer to, we .ive" the following digest of the sections referred to by Mr. Coulter in his letter to theCoupoil :-Section 84 gives a most comprohensive meaning to the ex pression " publio entertainment." Seotion 85 states that any person giving or who causes to be given any entertainmentin an unlicensed place shall be liable to a fine not eo edinog £50. Section 86 says that such liconli shall be granted hjb the Bench and shall not remain in force more than one year. Section 87 fixes tbo fee at .£1. Section 88 provides that recognizances shall be entered into by parties so liconsed, .jdstices may enquire into any default, made in .any .oconditiona of such. recognizance and inflict a penalty not exceed. ing £50. Section 89 provides that'nb person shall keep any place " for dancing, music, &o.;," unless licensed, and. any person so doing shall *be fined-not exceeding £50 Section 90 we have' already given ip a former isnue: Section,91 provides thnt, the fee of ££1. shall form part of the Municipal fund. Section 92 proyides that any room so licensed shall bear a sign over the door "Licensed pursuabt to the Police Act, 1865." Section 93 einpowers the police to' clear out all per sons assembling in unlicensed places, and that they: shall .be.t deemed "disorderl'" unless they are 'so licensed. Section 94 provides that any person who appears as the leader or behaves himself as the master of such enter tainmentshiall'.be deemed the keeper thereof, and shall bhe liable to punishment though be may not be the legal owner thereof. ReonISTisaD LrTTrns.-lt may be re membered that' on the dispatch of the last homeward mail a letter intended to be 'registered (though not for England, but one df the adjacent colonies) was re filed " t' 'the Post-offce' as too late, although presented for registration at least hafl-an-hour before the time oficially annoanced for closing the mail. As the,. question was of some importande- to.'theL pubjio, we referred to it a :the timo and asked for .information; subsequently it was .brought under the notice of the Postmaster General, and the 'correspoedence appears in another part of to-day's issue. The practice, it seems, , is to require that letters Ibr registration shall be posted not later than-one hour before the advertised time for closing the mail. We do not know that there is anything unreasonable in this, but whatever the role is it is most important that it should be known.. The public are therefore indebted to Mr. Thomson for the action he has taken in the matter. BOAnD OF EDne~TeION.-At the meeting of the Board on Tuesday a letter was read from the Rev. Dr. Turobull as to Milss Ball's letter, respecting.the want of a residence and of a. stove in the school at Clevieland: it was ro solved that a stove be supplied.-An applica tion was read from Mr. W. Harrison. for the establishment of a school at Tunbridge; it was stated. that 42 children would be likely to attend: the Board assented to the application and fixed the salary at £50, pe. annum.-Another application was read for a school, in a chapel at Penguin Creek: resolved that information be obtained as to the house and school accommodation. In the'course of disc'ssion, Mr. Tarleton said itwould be absolutely necessary before long to have some' system of grants in aid.-A letter was read from the Rev. Mr. Fereday asking the u a of the school room at George Torwn on Friday evenings for penny read ings : agreed to. Dn. JENNEIR will deliver a lecture on "Fashion" to night at the Mechanics' Insti tute. INsoLvzNr ' cases to be called on to-day : -First meeting-Wm. Thompson, " of the River Gawler, farmer. Second meetings on discharge-Edward Addison, of Port Sorell, farmer, Pat. O'Berne. John Thomas, and. R. T. Gunn. Adjourned first meeting and second meeting on discharge-John O'Bcrne and Wm. Georges. 'Second meeting and on dis chlarge-Fred. H. ReadJ. AsN English journal states that the memory of the late Rev. D. J. Draper, who perished in the steamship London, is being. perpetuated in England in n very. useful manner. 'riThe Wealeyans' in different parts of the United Kingdom have subscribed £700"to establish a li'oboat station in Cornwall in honorable remembirnce of their lamented minister. A 'PanAOaArII appeared in Tuesday's isane in reference to the recent examination for exhibitions to superior schools, clipped from Sthe E. T. Mercury. We have been requested r to state that blaster Douglas Edward Stuart s is a student at Horton College, Ross, instead of the Grammar School, and that Master WinWm. P. Green, instead of being a pupil at the a College, is connected with the Grammar r School, Launceston. A atALa trout was ent dowi from the Plenty River by Mr RamsbottomonMorday.Altlhough but two years oil it measured 19 inobes in t 'ength, and weighed 36lbs.. It is well known that the male trout are in the habit during I the spawning season of fighting with much a 'orocity, and from several marks of injuries t ip:n the specimen h-re spoken of, Messrs e AIlport and Ramsbottom entertain no doubt c that it was in one of these contests that it lost I its life. .The fiash was found dead in the a River Plenty, close to its junetion with the I Derwent, and as its size is'believed to be a almost, if not quite unprecedented for its age, t it will le preserved in spirits as an object of t interest to naturalists and piscioulturists. A aEETINt of the shareholders of the newly formod building and investment society was held'at the Working Men's Club on Tuesday nigh'. J.T. Sale, Esq., chairman of diree- I tore, presided. This gentleman was elected treasurer. The rules submitted were gone through seriatim, and several important alterations made. The first Molday in July, I between the hours of 7 and 9 p.m., is fixed to ) receive the first 'payment. Messrs. Duthie and Newman were appointed auditors. A number of new shareholdero were enrolle I, and. the meting separated. '1 A nonrea belonning t Mr. Wm Hart bolted the other day with a boy on his b tok, the lad was thrown but not severely injured. Ma. PsAootc has lost a leather pirse con t.iing £3 10s. HeNRY RtbHAuuD, a groom at the Union Inn, died suddenly on the 16th. He had been suffering from asthma. Tua Committee of the Mechanics' Institute have made adequate arrangements for securing order at the next readings. In the first place only a limited number will be admitted, after which the doors will be olosed. At the last reading there were 1000 persons present. The charge at the next reading will be sixpence, and the proceeds will be devoted to the fund for the erection of thd new flight of stairs. AuvsnassnTs are preparing " galore." We are informed that arrangements are being made for giving a sories of readings enlivened by musical-,selections at the Theatre. Pit Id, gallery 21 , circle 33. The XYZ Club give an entertainment shortly.. A VRuer pleasing convereaozine 'came off last evening in'the sohool.room of St. An drew's Church. Thisreunion was' initiated by the congregationi for the purpose of wel coming back to Launceston their pastor, the Rev. R. K. Ewing, after a short sojourn in Victoria, where he was .compelled to, go 'for the" benefit' of -his' health. Although Mr. Ewing's vocal (powers are'fg'r less now than they' were a little..titm bsa yet lie has so;far recovered strength'that, with his naturally clear voice, he is able to make himself distinctly heard throughout the build ing, although speaking little above a whisper. As is usual on such occasions the room was crowded to the door, and at last standing spaco was gladly accepted. The entertain ment consisted of vocal and instrumental 'a.gsetion.. reoitations~.and addresses,. and con. fag that very little preparation has taken pIace, last night's oonversazione must be pronounced h greater success than most visitors would anticipate. After a. few remarks from the Chair man, Mr. - Webster, the anthem " God be Merciful" was song. A vocal duct followed, and then came an address from the Rev. Mr. Mirams, who, it will be remembered, has been ofloitintig as the locum tenete of the Rev. Mr. Ewing. The song " Come with me," tastefully rendered by Mrs. Prosier, had to be repeated on the demand of the audience. Mr. William Tyson., jun., in a clear and impressive manner related the pathetic story of " John' Manar," 'who in the :exercise of his duty, and amid the flames of a burning ship saved 400 souls by clinging nnswervingly to the wheel until she was beached, although he himself fell' over the side a black and charred corpse. tlMei' Sandon then favoted the audience with "Oh I Beloved one," a song so well appreciate I that an encore was called for', when " Sweet Spirit hear my Prayer" was substituted. The main business of' the meeting was now ehtered upon, .when the Chairman on behalf of the teachers of St. Andrew's Sabbath school rose to present Mr. Ewing with a mdmento of their regard and attachment. Somru difficulty hIas been experienced in the choice of a fitting present. At length a gold signet ring with a small opal was decided upon. '1 he initials "R. K. E." were en. graved upon the ring, which was manufactured in Melbourne. After a short and appropriateo address, Mr. Webster, "in the name of the teachers of St. Andrew's and in his own name, and as a token of sincere friend 5s.ip and public regard," .then placed the ring. upon Mr. Ewing's finger. lfr..Ewing who has been connected with the congregation between 10 and 20 yoare, and during whose ministration and partly by whose efforts the present Church' has been erected, replied in a very earnest and painfully telling manner, as much arising from the affliction to which we have already alluded as from the feelings the occasion awakened in his heart. He' said he had already worn out one ring which had been presented to him by his' scholars, when as a youth he left Glasgow. The present ring, howerver, would last longer than his days on earth. The gloom which had been awakened by the turn ' the meeting had taken was now relieved by a pianoforte and violin duet by Mrs. Webster and Mr. George Collin, -which was encored. An appropriately chosen song, "You are ever welcome to me," was then given by Mrs. Hodaeson. Many. rounds of hearty laughter were occasioned by Mr. George Israel's discourse on "Conjugal Love." Mrs. Webater having sung "To) Young to Marry," Mr. Ogilvie conoluded the programme by a Sshort speech on various subjects. The com pany dispersed shortly after 10 o'clock. A ZnADING was given in the Union school room on Monday evening in connection with the Working Aoen's Club. Mr. Ogilvio occu pied the chair. The attendance as' good. The programme was as follows:-Mr. F. Par eons gave an amusing Irish piece, delineating the phases [of life of a by-gone age, in which ghosts, witches, and fairies played a eonspic ?nes part. Mr. Brash recited FitzJames- and Rhoderick Dhu. Mr. J. Green Raive a comic song. Mr. Hills recited the Stndent and the Porter. Mr. H. Jobson. sung a sentimental song. Mr. Chick, sen. gave an amusing reel tation, illustrating the old custom of making the. pulpit, on Sunday, the most important advertising medium. Mr. J. Hely gave i song.' Mr. T. Best recited " The Bonfire " Mr. J. Howard gave a reading, and was followed by Mr. T.,F. Archer with a song. Mr Chick, un. read "Mr. Bumble's Courtship." The entertainment was brought to a close by Mr. Stubbs singing the " Railway Barmaid." On the 17th a horse attached to a cart be longing to a Daniel-Higgings bolted through l3isbane-street down into Cimitere-street. One of the wheels came off and the horeo's flight was arrested. .Wx understand that the niail coach which left here on Monday 'aorning did not arrive at Hobart Town until a quarter to'ten that night the polo having broken as the coach was ap proaching Perth, occasioning a delay of two hours whilst another polo was being got in readiness. ' Tnur examination of candidates for Exhibi. tions from Public to Superior Schools, under the Council of Education, will be held on Monday, 24th instant, and two following days, at the Central School, Hobart Town, and the Education Office, taunceston. A arsozro dinner will be held at the Brie. bane Hotel onathe 24th,; p' celebration of St. John's Day. Tas Hampslire Advertiser says that the Australian claimant to the Tichbborne title and estates has been acknowledged by those officers of the 6th Dragoon Guards or Car bineers who have seen him; to be Cornet Roger Charles Tiohborne, who once belonged tp that regiment; that Sir Roger never cama to England until he was fourteen years old; and then he did not make the acquaintance of many of his relatives. This, says the Aduer tiser, will account for some of them not re cognising him. Sir.Roger when he came to England in 1845 went- to Stonyhurst College, where he remained until 1849, when be en tered the army. The Dowager Lady Tiob. borne, the mother,`' bis.. visited Winchester rispecting the pretensions of the Australian claimant, whom she unheeitatingly aoknow ledgeseas her long lost son. " As an illustration of the care' with which the Government Chinese interpreters are some times chosen,. we"-- Daylesford Exv)-eas '"may state that Ah' Yen, the. late Chinese interpreter at Daylesford, is now in Ballarat Gaol, charged with selling spurious gold, and also with burglary. Ah Yen, who had a peon liarly wicked expression of the eye, was die charged by Mr. Druampond for being impli cated in some doubtfuil transaction. We may idd that Ahl Yen:was a convioted thief before he was appointed-i-olfice." Tis Melbourne correspondent of the South Austrhlian Aduertiser says:-We Victorians have no doubt given some trouble of late to our Queen and her councillors at West minster, by our political struggles, and as our late Governor ruined himself by becoming personally mixed up in them, it would appear that his successor has been advised to keep quite clear of politics, and to engage the attention of this democralic community with pageants and many outward semblances of royalty to'which they had not previously been accustomed. At the levee last week his Excellency went to the Exhibition in a "State" carriage drawn by four horses, 'richly caparisoned; a powdered jockey on one of the fore horses, a powdered coachman (the box being set off by a magnificent hbammer-cloth), and two powdered footmen in the finest of livery. As the carriage drove the streets with fifty or sixty mounted men of the light cavalry, with their gleaming swords and clanging scabbards, it was a sight to make the young Australians gaze with wonder. An ADVANCe. - The Eastern Railway Company, France, has just adopted a new third- class carriage. It is two storeys high, and contains seats for eighty persons. 