îZTDe .Sgtmesi JKorníng peíalo. SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1867. IN the Assembly, yesterday, Mr. WILSON, in answer to a question from Mr. BUUNS, said that the road from Deep Creek to Allandale Railway Station was opened a few days since. Petitions against the Legislative Council's amend- ments to the Presbyterian College Bill were presented, I from Mr. Thomas Buckland, and from the original promoters of the bill. The Newcastle Co-operative Steam Tug Company's Bill was read a second time, and was passed through committee. Tilt) lluubc neill into onmmittoo *n mnsilW (Vlf Legislative Council's amendments in the Presbyterian College Bill. Mr. WILSON moved that the amendment of the I Council omitting the word " Presbyterian " in the title and substituting for it the name " St. Andrew's," be adopted. Dr. LANG said that three-fifths of the Presbyterian community were favourable to the name of Presbyterian and were opposed to that of " St. Andrew's " ; but as a large minority were as much opposed to the term " Presbyterian " as the others were to that of St. Andrew's, he suggested that to get over the difficulty they should substitute the name " Queen's " which would be acceptable to all. Mr. MARTIN thought it would be safest to adopt the middle course thus proposed, as a way out of the difficulty. Mr. DODDS considered the matter to be one of very small importance, but at the same time the wishes of the General Assembly of kthe Presbyterian Church ought to be considered. Considerable discussion followed, when the ques- tion thnt the committee agree to the omission of the word Presbyterian was carried on a division by 21 to 8. The question was next put that the blank be filled up with the title " St. Andrew's." This was carried, on division, by a majority of 15 to 14. On the motson of Mr. J. STEWART, progress was reported, and leave given to sit again. The House adjourned at ¡thirteen minutes past 5 o'clock till 3 o'clock on Tuesday ¿text. THE unhappy close of the Mexican war will lead our readers to recall the circumstances of its origin and progress. Mexico was originally conquered by COETEZ 300 years bacK, and the power of Spain continued unbroken until the Revolution which attracted the sympathy of Europe fifty years ago. The career of Mexico from that time has been a series of disap- pointments and dangers. No party has existed with which relations could be maintained with any confidence. Among those who were most chargeable with violating the rights of foreigners JUAREZ is not the least conspicuous. To him belongs the infamy of having robbed the Consulate of England. The sub- jects of Spain were exposed to continual insults and injuries, and France itself had a list of grievances such as certainly would not have been suffered from any regular and civilised Power. The conse- quence of these long-continued and uncom pensated wrongs was a union of Spain, Eng- land, and France, to exact from the Mexicans indemnities for the past and security for the future. To this programme England faithfully adhered, but refused to extend her views in any degree to the internal government of the country. Spain had its own project, which was the estab- 1 lishment of a Spanish prince-one of those dreams which seem for the last few j ears to have deluded the Spanish nation in regard to the recovery of power in a country where its dominion has long been lost. The dissent of the French Government from the views of Spain, however, defeated them. Although first represented in Mexico by its navies and soldiers, they soon retired in great dis- content. England also withdrew when France resolved upon other than mere measures of coercion, and left to Lons NAPOLEON the task which he had for himself unhappily undertaken -namely, to establish order by military in- tervention or conquest, with the undisguised hope of founding an empire, of which MAXIMILIAN was to be the first Imperial chief. On the arrival of the French, they saw that the task required a greater force than they had brought, and this produced st «onsiderable delay. Au army finally arrived, and by many gallant efforts established tho French flag in tho capital of Mexico. The next stop of NAPOLEON was to offer the empire to MAXIMILIAN, who accepted it only upon condition that the vote of tho people should be taken and proved to be in his favour, and that he should be sustained by European forces, such as to enable him to collect around him a Mexican party to maintain what was supposed to bo the latent and strong desire of the people. The Emperor MAXIMILIAN, with his charm- ing bride, the daughter of the Nestor of Europe \- King LEOPOLD-ultimately arrived in Mexico. The spectators describe the cold reception which they received, and the intense grief and distress of the unhappy EMPRESS in discovering that they had not como into possession of an undisputed throne, and that they were surrounded by factions whose habits were a continual mortification and perpetual threat. Tho truth is, in this consis- ted the whole difficulty of the case : the empire had no basis in a stable population. The cities presented some of the aspects of civilisation, but the country itself is inhabited by half-castes of uneducated, superstitious, and cruel people, who murder and are murdered ; who fight and run, but are never conquered; who meet a regular army with assassins, and make every exercise of authority an actual conflict. When a great and populous country is invaded, one or two pitched battles determine the destiny of the people, and they bow their heads to the decree of fortune. But when a country is occupied, where every wall is a fortress, and every mountain a sure retreat, and no power is held excepting over the ground actually covered by the flag, the empire may exist upon paper, but it is only a name. The nation is Roman Catholic or infidel. Half the fixed property is ecclesiastical, and MAXIMILIAN was alike censured by the POPE and denounced by the secularists. This was one cause of his ruin. Europe has followed with deep sympathy the unhappy Princess upon whom these disasters made so dire an impression. Her mind gave way, and she became an object of pity to Europe, intensified by the recollection that she was the daughter of one whom all nations revered. She is now sequestered, her minti utterly effaced,-without recollection, and, therefore, without hope. It is, we fear, unlikely that reason will be restored. To her, should the latest news we have received prove true, it will conic, if it conies at all to her, as a mero murmuring sound, without import, and, happily so far, without sorrow. In the attempts to establish the empire it of course became necessary to adopta fixed policy with regard to those who attempted to disturb it ; and here we fear it must be admitted that the example of severity was given by the Imperial parly. The name of MAXIMILIAN is appended to a proclamation of death to all who should be found in arms, and we fear that more than one person of distinc tion suffered under this, perhaps necessary, decree. When a Government is established it must be maintained against all comers, and it is only a question of time when the laws of war shall cease to protect those who dispute its authority. In putting down this habitual in- surgency a movable column of a very miscel- laneous origin was established by the French, and wherever they found an enemy they were in the Itabit of treating him as a brigand. Many a tree has been darkened by the shadow of those miserable victims of civil war. This would be no justification, or even excuse, for treating MAXIMILIAN as report has told us. His throne was established by right of conquest and afterwards by an apparent consent of several millions of people. Besides, when a cause is ruined and its recovery hopeless, all acts-of per- sonal revenge leave a deep stain upon those who perform them. From such a man as I ju^^u Uao prnvpd himself to be we should expect littlo ¡ but 0.1.PT1 in hT we weu might have imagined that there would have uccu tuuua sufficient remains of sentiment to prompt him to shrink from crimes which must not only render Mexico sdious but condemn their chief perpetrators to everlasting infamy. When we turn t® Europe, what a contrast ! Yet, like the ghost of BANQUO, the shadow of the murdered Prince must haunt the Imperial feast. When the Emperor of AUSTRIA and the Emperor of FRANCE join hands, what must bo their thoughts ? The one of a brother, the i other of a friend ! THE most heavily taxed colony of Australasia is the only one that has had to pay for the luxury of war. And though it was not in pur- suit of military glory that the New Zealand colonists became involved in war, the cost of fight- ing is not in any way dependent on the motives which prompt it. Even just and necessary wars make their mark upon a national exchequer, and the morality of the quarrel does not deter- mine the amount of the subsequent bill. It is not eveiy country that is so lucky as Prussia, which has lately carried on with success a war, which, if not one of aggression, has been cer- tainly one of conquest, and that without any serious drain upon its financial resources. The seven weeks' campaign in Bohemia has virtu- ally altered the balance of power in Europe. It has transformed the kingdom into an empire, and the member of a confederation into a domi- nant Power. It has unsettled the alliances of | Europe, and made the diplomatists feel that their pasi work, if not all undone, has to a i large extent to be done over again. It has set all the gunsmiths of Europe to work with in- creased activity, and forced the war department of every civilised country to reconstruct the weapons with which its troops are armetl. And yet this, one of the most important of Euro- pean campaigns, is said to have placed Prussia under no necessity even to con- tract a loan. Never was so much military renown achieved-never was so much political influence secured-never was so much territory conquered at so small a cost to the successful belligerent, Neither in men nor money has Prussia been appreciably weakened. The spoils have gone to the victors, the payment of the war bill principally to the vanquished. The tax gatherer does not come round to remind the citizens of Berlin that the fruits of war can only be purchased at the price of war. The prolonged war that was recently waged on the other side of the Atlantic has not left behind it a similar immunity from taxation. The Northern States of America have extin- guished a gigantic social and political iniquity, ] and have prevented the dismemberment of the Republic. These are great results in the in- terests of that country, but they have been purchased at an enormous price. The contrast between the state of things before the civil war, when the Americans were about the most lightly taxed as well as the most prosperous people in the world, and the state of things developed since the war, now that the people are about the most heavily taxed, and that the taxation is affecting both the foreign trade and the internal prosperity, is very striking. The results sf the war may be worth all it has cost, but there can be no doubt about the price that it has been necessary to pay, or the immediate pressure of the taxation necessary to kcoi, o," Govornmont solvent. The Economist has recently quoted from an American commercial journal to show tho con- trast between the taxation now and before tho war, and the taxation in England and America: In the United States the tax-gatherer levies twice- once for the local State, and once for the general federation. Both State taxes and federal taxes have greatly increased, for the expense of living has made every public department call for more funds to keep it in operation. In the State of New York the local taxes aro four in number, viz., the State tax, the school tax, the county tax, and the town tax. In 1862 these amounted in the aggregate to less than nineteen millions of dollars. They have amounted now to more than forty millions -that is to say, they have moro than doubled in four years. The taxation, which in 1866 amounted to twenty-five cents per dollar, is threatened with still further increase, and the journals are earnestly drawing the attention of the citizens to the still increasing tendency towards a lavish expenditure. The total taxation to which the citizens of New York State are exposed, inclusive both of State and general taxes, but exclu- sive of Customs taxes, amounts to nearly ninety millions of dollars, of which about fifty millions are for the federal revenue. The rate per head of the population is twenty-two dollars and three-quarters, whereas in Great Britain and Ireland the rate per head is less than ten dollars. So that, so far as internal taxes are concerned, the citizen of New York State is taxed rather more than twice as heavily as the " Britisher." The inclusion in this calculation of the Customs taxes would not im- prove the comparative position of tho American, for the tariff of the United Slates is far more oppressive than that of Great Britain, and, being largely of an ad valorem charactor, must inflict on the consumer the full weight that taxation can involve. It is easy, therefore, to comprehend the cause of the movement that seems general throughout America for a rise in wages. With living dearer than in England, and with taxes twice as heavy, it is clear that wages cannot remain at a low standard. There is no doubt that the pressure of taxi tion in America will in course of time effect some important political reforms. Taxation is always unpleasant, but it is sometimes an ex- cellent political schoolmaster. Economists have occasionally drawn pleasing pictures of a possible colony in which the growing value of land could always be secured to the Govern- ment, and so almost, if not entirely, dispense with the need of taxes. But it is doubtful whether, even if the scheme could be carried out, it would be as great a political as it would be a financial success. A Government would be in great danger of bo coming corrupt if it had no need to impose taxes. The history of England is full of proof that the constitutional liberties of our country are due to the Royal necessities which forced the Kings to seek the aid of Parliament to grant fresh revenues. The case of a republic is somewhat different, but, mutatis mutandis, the same effects will result from the same causes. The question of taxation must become a great controversy between the people and their Ex- ecutives, both local and federal, and out of this controversy will come important results. EitiiATVM.-In tho last paragraph of the ural loader in yesterday's Herald, tho word not is omitted -tho fourth line should lead-" iho remarks wo mako admit not of many except ions." YicEitroAL VISIT TO H.M.S. CHAIXBNOEII AND TUE iNni'f-TlitAL SCHOOLSICTP VEBNON.-His Excellency Sir i John Young, accompanied by Lord John Taylour, tho Ctlonial Secretary (Mr. Parkes), and Captain Hixson, at i noon } cetcrday paid a visit of inspeotion to tho Industrial ' Schoolthip Vernon, and afterwards visited Commodore Howley Lambert on board H.M.S. Challenger. Tho Governor's barge, In charge of Captain Hixson, loft tho landing Btairs, near Fort Macquarie, at about 12 o'clock, WJU Urti puny uv uuva |JIUI.VCUCU io mc T oiuuui vu nwu vi which ship his Excellency was received by Captain Mein and the oflicers of tho Bhip. Tho boys, forty- ono in num- ber, wero drawn up in two lines on the main dock for in- spection. His Excollonoy spent somo littlo timo in inspect- ing and talking to tho boys, who varied in ago from four to sixteen years. Their appearance, was most satisfactory ; ino sullen, dogged expression which many of them woro when first received on board the Bhip had given place to an open, cheerful expression ; and whilo their plump, healthy appearance bore nniplo testimony to the excellence of tho commissariat department, their cleanliness testified to tho effective supervision of thoeo who havo them in charge. At the termination of this inspeotion tho boya at tho word of commend scampered off to thoir respectivo stations at tho guns-twelve pounder howitzer»-four of which thoy manned with commendablo imartnees. Having satisfactorily gono through tho gun drill, embracing the operation of load- ing, sponging out, telling off tho detail, and intoning tho port and starboard guns alternately, the lads wero sent aft to the Behool, while Sir John Young went below to inspect I be chip. The decks, mess apparatus, clothes-bags, boas &c;, wero found to bo exceedingly clean, while all tho arrangements for tho comfort, exercise, and discipline of the youngsters wero oil that could bo deBired. His Excellency next visited the school and made inquiries as to tho amount of education which the boyB generally had received before ooniing on board, and tho progress made sinco their recep- tion. Tho advancement mado by the lads In the several branches taught them in the ship's school was, perhaps, tho most satisfactory feature noticed in oonnsction with the general training of the boys. A very largo proportion of them could noither read nor write when received on the Vernon ; but now the whole of them (thoBO very recently received exceDtod) can »ead to some extent, and many of the older boys con not only read well, but they possess a considerable amount of knowledge of geography, grammar, &c.; Their writing was not inspected by his Excellenoy yebtorday ; but wo aro able to stato, from a recont inspec- tion of tho boys' copybooks, that many of the lads havo made satiefactory pi ogress in this branch. At the termina- tion of the school exercises, Sir John Young addressed the boj s as follows :-" Boys, I havo paid this visit t« the Veinon at the instanco of tbo Colonial Secrotary, Mr. Parkes, to mark my appreciation of tho laudable attempt which DOB been made to establish aH Industrial institution for tho first timo in this colony. I am very glad that I have paid this visit and have seen you, and that you pie sent eo cheerful on appearance. I aro glad to see that you pay so much attention to tho Instruction imparted by the masters; I hope you will prout by that attention. Institutions of (feie hind have been tried in other countries, and h%vo proved eminently successful-te tho State on tho one hind by cutting off tho supply of the criminal class ; and to the community on the other, by turning those who ought to bo its strength and honour, but who, when left to themselves, would grow up depredators, into useful membors of society. These institution« also greatly benefit tho boys themselves, who, instead of being allowed to wander into crime, ate trained to habits of virtue, to become industrious and useful members of tho community. Recollect, youare not brought hero for punishment, but aro sheltered and instructed in various arts and industries, and subjected to discipline to enable you in after life to earn an honourable and comfortable livelihood. I hopo you will not neglect your studies, but try to learn as much as you can ; for depend upon it if you perfect yourselves in your discipline you will dorivo great comfort from it, ana in years to como you will look back with thankfulness to the statesmanship that took chargo of the unprotected youths of tho colony, and enabled you to tako a comfortable position in society, with self respect in your own mindB, and enjoying tho respect of those with whom you may come in contact. I hopo yeu will take this advice to heart." The boy« sang very credit- ably a veree ef tho National Anthim, after which it was intimated to them that to mark his Excellency's visit thoy would not bo expeoted to perform any other duties dmring tbnt afternoon-that they would, in faot, have a half holiday. His Excellency and party then left tia ship, a salute of seventeen guns being tired OB the Governor's bargo moved off. Tho Viceregal party then proceeded towards H. M. S. Challenger, the ship's yard» being manned in gallant btylo as tho party reached the deck, whero tho marines wero drawn up in reviow order. His Excellency and euito wera received by Commodore Lambert and oflicers of the ship. After a brief inspection of tho noble vossel, his Excellency returned to his barge, a salute of seventeen guns Icing fired, and tho yards again manned, as the viceregal party left the Bhip. DlNKEU TO THE SERGEANTS Or lill 5GTH (QUEEN'S OWN) KEOIMEVT.-On Thursday evening last, a dinner was given to the above, by the Non-commissioned oflloers of the Volnnteor Rifles, at tho Barraoks, Hyde Park. The chair was taken by Sergeant-Major Leos, and the vioe-ohair by Quarter-master Sergeant Grant After the usual loyal toaste were drunk and responded to, several songs were sung, and tho meeting separated about 12 o'olock. Tho dinner was provided by M. Compagnoni, in his usual goori fitj-le, About eighty regulars sud volunteers Mt HBfffl« LA PEROUSE-The New South Wales ExMbitioa Oom n «Mon forwarded, with too artiolos sent from Now South Wales for exhibition at Paris, a modol of Ln Perouse's Monument nt Botany Bay, together with threo packages of mas of indigenous Australian plants. It was thought that the mndol would prove intorcfiting to tho oouutrymon of tho pieat navigator. Tho modol and seods hovo boon aooeptod by Ino French Government, and a despntoh from tho Duko of Buckingham to Sir John Young oontains tho noto of nceeplnnco and (banks sont by M. Mouatlor to Lord Cowley, in »bioh M. Momtior itatos that tho Impotial Govornmout accept with gratitudo the graoious offer thus mado by Now South Wales, and that instructions have boon given to tho Minister of Marino to tako charge of le model«du monument cleve sur Its rivage» de Botany Day, à la mémoire de La Feyiousc, and that tho seeds hnd boon sont to tho Qovornor i>f Algeria for acclimatisation In that colony. CONTFMI-T OF CooiiT.-Laughter is soldom regarded as a rcprohensiblo emotion. It ÍB usually a wholosomo and innocent expression of contentment and ohoerfulnoss, and na suoh ia forlbomoBt part favoured rathor than oontemnoi. It appears, howovcr, that justioe, with ohoraotoristio blind- ness, f»ils to recognise tho merita of laughton Heneo a law court is looked upon by tho non- legal world as a plaoo of bilterneflB and gloom. Levity vontures not within that hallowed precinot. Tho privileged miniBtora of justioo, it is tiuo, do occasionally put on molloy and furbish up fag onda of drollery, for their own personal omusomont. But tho gravity of tbo spectators is in nowiso ondongorod by those wittioianiB, which oro generally of suoh mysterious import that tho vulgar comprehend thom not. Tho gonoral offoots of courts of law aro depressing. Tho proceedings aro not oficn of a livoly or inspiriting charaotor, and in faot wo may fay that thcro.is no joke at all about them. Occasions do arise, however, when, oven within tho debilitating atmoFphero of a Criminal Court, the, laughtor of vivacious persons may bo excited. Suoh a caso ocourrod in tho small court, at Darlinghurst, ycelorday. Two persons of trucu- lent aspect, und possessing dreadfully ill-rogulatod minds, wero so much tickled by soma joko or other, that thoy actually laughed in tho faco o( Justice herself! Utterly unmindful of their position, thoy audaoioualy vonturoi on a titter ! An ominous and awful pauso recalled them to a si CEO of thtir iniquity. Thoy had laughed at an unfortu- nate Tho Judge, who was ouministoring a highly aoidu Inttd drop of judicial oloquenco to tho jury, bont his gaze upon tho culprits, und threatened them with peine forte et dure for contempt of Court. His Honor was ovidontly under tbo impression that tho misguided mon had laughol nt bim. One of tho delinquents, howovcr, explained that euch was not tho caso, and tho majesty of juBtieo was appeased. DEAD BODY FOUND.-Yestorday morning, tho dosd body of a mon was found lying on tho boachat SpringCovo, not far from tho Quarantine etation. It was disooverod by a fisherman residing in tho neighbourhood. On roooipt of the news in Sydney, a number of wator polioo procoodod with a boat to Spring Cove, and brought tho body to 8yd my, and it now lios in tho doodhouso at tho Ciroular Quay. Decomposition bas taken placo to such an oxtont that it is next to impossible to identify tho body-in fact, tho skull ii almost fleshlcsa ; ona arm is missing, and also several of tho tocB, Tho only clothing found on or noar to tho body, WOB a email pieco of calico round tho nock, apparently a shiit collar, and also' a wristband. Thoso haro boon for- warded to tho constablo Btationod at Watson's Bay, who will make Inquiries, and, if possible, get thom idontiflod. Under theso circumstances it cannot bo known for oortain whether tbo body is that of ono of the unfortunate mon who lost their lives at tho Hoads on tho 29th ultimo or not, although it is supposed to bo ono of them. A thorough examination of tho body will bo mado by a modical man to- day, and an inqHiry before tho City Coronor will bo com imnccd, when, perhaps, something moro deUnito may bo ascertainid. PETERSHAM.-Tho fourth anniversary of tho Congre- gational Church in this beautiful suburb has just boon held. On Sunday, sermons wero preached by tbo Reva. Messrs. Gainsford, J. G. Frasur, and Adam Thomson. On Thurtday evoning, toa and publio meotings. Theso wore largely attended, Mr. Fairfax presiding, and addresses mitablo to tho occasion wero dolivercd by tho Revs. Messrs. Slatycr, Voller, Kent, ond Roseby, and by Moesrs. Pratt, and S. Lewis. Mr. Roseby, tho senior student of Camdon College, has accepted tho pastorato of tho nowty formol Church, but will continuo his university courso. Arrange- ments wero entered into for liquidating the debt upon tho building. UNITARIAN CHURCH, MACQUARIB-STUEET.-A sooial reunion of tho members of this church and friends was hold at tho Masonlo Hall, last evening, and was numerously attended, From half-post 6 to 8 o'clock was dovotod to creature comforts of excellent quality and in unlimited supply. Vocal and instrumental musio and recitation, followed. Tho musical portion of tho programme inoludod several of Sir Henry BiBhop's fino glees and Vincent Wal- lace's songs, executed with considorablo ability, and tho rreitations, selected from tho works of Scott, Hood, Sheri- dan Knowles, and Shakespeare, added largely to tho evening's enjoyment. M its. MEREDITH.-This accomplished authoress will read, from " Much Ado about Nothing," passages botwoon Bent rico and Hero, and selections from various authors, in tho largo hall of tho Australian Library, this evening, com- mencing at 8 o'clock. The art of " reading " is vory dif- ferent from that which partakes of tho accessory of aotion so centrally introduced by persons who givowhataro popularly known as " readings." Mrs, Meredith avoids this, and simply reads, but effects by an exquisito inflection of voioa all that is required to convoy tho deepest meaning, and moro lasting impressions, than when tho attention is dis- tracted by physical demonstration. Not the least charm is her quiet and ladylike deportment. PEOPLE'S ENTERTAINMENTS.-Another very successful entertainment was given lost ovening, in tho public school- room, at tho comer of Liverpool and Sussex Btroots. Tha largo room was well filled; Mr. J. R. Lindsay presided. Tho programmo consisted of a well arranged soleotion of songs, readings, and recitations. Although tho gentlemen the songs were well sung, and the recitations for the most part wero given with much taste. Miss Horley presided at the pianoforte. It was announced by the chairman, that the entertainments^ would be continued every Friday evening. m FEorLE'e CONCERTS.-Ths excellent entertainments given every Saturday evening at million prices afford thoso who might othorwiso bo debarred, the pleasure of hearing tbo highest class of musical compositions sung by vocalists of acknowledged position. The Sydney Oleo Club, who have done much to populariso these performances, give another concert this ovening, at the School of Arts, and offer an excellent programme. THEATRICALS.-The Flying Scud has proved one of the most successful dramas ever produced in Sydney, crowded houses having been attracted during tho whole three weeks that it has been played. Its withdrawal has not been occa- sioned by its popularity having waned, but on account of Madame Celeste's arrangements rendering it necessary that her farewell engagement should close at once, so as to enable her to return to England. This groat arlisto has chosen for her final performance- commencing this ovening ono of her celebrated Adelphi dramas, " Like and Unliko," which has been got up and will bo produced under hor special superintendence, and with all tho novelties in scenery, mechanism, &c;, that rendered it so successful in London. Miss Wiseman and Mr. Hall, who have acquired considerable reputation in the other colonies, will commenoa an engagement as Azucena and Manrico, in a burlosquo entitled " Ultreated II Trovatore." AT THE PRINCE or WALES THÉÂTRE, Miss Wardo, Miss Juno, MÍEB Stoneham, Miss Royal, Messrs. Dunn, Fawcett, * Burford, Bnd Miran havo appeared every evening during the week in drama and burlesque. On Monday and Tues- day evenings .. Ambition" was performed. On Wednesday th« "Octeroon;" on Thursday and last evening, "Mog's Diversion;" tho new burlesque,"The Littlo Bed Riding hood," forming the afterpiece on each occasion. A drama founded on Mr. Charles Reade's well-known novel, " Never too lato to mend," i« in preparation, and, judging from the immense success it had in London, is likely U bo very attractive. The plot of tho play ombraces somo years of a convict's life »nd successful attempts to regain his lost position in society. Tho scenes aro laid in England and Australia, and many of tho incidents aro what aro known in stage parlanco BB of the " most striking description." SurroBEp CASE or- POISONING AT HOTHAM.-The Yass Courier, of Wednesday .last, oon'mns the following remarks on this case;-Mary ! Anno Harriot Hoare Belle- j moy waB the widow of a chemist named Do Barr, who re> sided for some years in Goulburn, and recently deceased. For tome timo previous to his death his wife was living apart from him. The man Bellemoy was an assistant in De Barr's shop, and while Do Barr and his wife were living together it was rumoured that an undue familiarity existed between the wife and the assistant. Do Barr and his wifo repeatedly quarrelled, both were given to intomporato habits, and j during .' the family jars" he has been in the habit of accus- I ing the woman of infidelity and of robbing him to a largo amount. It was generally believed that the latter was the case, as Do Barr's business was so profitable that tho as- signment he mado on behalf of his creditors could not bs accounted for except by the supposition that ho had boen legally plundered. After the voluntary separation between tho husband and wife, De Barr mentioned to several persons that he was aware sho had purJoined moneys to the amount of £600, but believed the amount was fully £2000. While Mrs. De Barr was in Sydney, her husband, who was in a very destitute condition at the time, followed her, and j endeavoured to persuade her to return home, but this sho persistently refused to do, as she was making arrangements I to proceed to Melbourne, it is presumed with Bellemoy. I Do Barr, as many of our readers aro aware, returned to Goulburn, and attempted to re establish his business, but failed to do so, and death not long öfter put an ond to all hie worldly troubles and calculations. We havo heard that tbo name of Do Barr WSB only on ossumed one, and it is mentioned at the inqucBt that his real namo was Cooke. BeUemoy'B father was the person who, while in custody on the voyage from Newcastle to Sydnoy on a chargo, managed to throw overboard a box of watcbOB, tho material evidence in the caso against him. I NOVEL MODE or SMOKINO HAMS.-The author of the Australian Cookery Book, Mr. B. Abbott, writes to the Pyrolignite Company, speaking highly of tho value of tho pyrolignite acid produced by.the company, as a means of imparting a smoky flavour to cured meats, hams, &c.; This acid is mora popularly known as essence of smoko, and the mode of its application is thus described by Mr. Abbott : I '. After the meat or fish has been proporly pickled or dry salted, it should be rubbed over with the acid, leaving no part untouched, and subsequently dried with oatmeal or pollard and hung up ; tho meat will thon acquire a smoky | flavour, «nd will bo effootually preserved from the fly that breedo the jumper. Hung beef ourod in this way would lis i 1 ttpeci»Hy fino BwmW-fívhrí ïm Mtmryx 