OUR: LONDON LETTERS; THE MONTH'S LITERATURE. December, 1866. * M'Oulloc1's Dictionary is now complete in fpir magnificent' vols. (X£4 4s, Longman and Co.) " It deals with matters geographical, statistical, and historical, of the various coun tries, places, anid principal natural objects in the world. The present is a new edition, carefully revised with the statistical informa tion brought up to the latest returns, by Frederick Martin, author of "the States= man's Year Book." The work is truly the "extract of (intellectual) meat." Informa tion is compressed into a small compass, fact~ and events are concisely narrative; in each irticle 'the different parts bear a fair propor tion to each' other, so that while there is copious description ethore is no superabun dance. Moreover, clearness is not sacrificed to conciseness, nor is interest sacrificed to correctness. The editor writes with great impartiality and candour when dealing with opinions from which he differs, and exhibits great discrimination in the selection of his materials from and respecting things new and old. Another'of the readable and reliable books on the late condition of the Southern States of America after the war, is a work published by Low and Co. (10s. Gd.), written by White law Reid, and bearing the title A.ter the War, a Southern tour, May, 1865, to May, 1866\. Mr. Reid accompanied Chief Justice Chase in his journey of investigation with a view to report confidentially to the President of the United States what was the actual condition of affairs so far as he could judge. Mr. Reid reports what he judged to be the condition of affairs, and on every page draws vivid pictures which enable the reader to form some impression of the negroes and their masters. Here is a description of the welcomewhich awaitedthe ex-PresidentJeffer son Daris, after his capture, as he was being carried from the harbor of Savannah through the Sea Islands-" It seems .that the Sea Island negroes heard of Gen. Gilmore's dis patch, which mentioned Mr. Davis's capture and ' coming, and so "were pre= pared for his arrival. They lined the shore in vast ' numbers, and as soon as his vessel lhad approached within what they supposed to be hearing distance, the affectionate creatures-otherwise known while in slavery as the lhappiest people on the face of the earth-of their own.motion struck up the song '0"rWV 'll rII ig Jefferson Davis on -a sour 'apple tree," with such a thunderous volume of sound that there was no possibility of Mr. Davis; remaining ignorant of their amiable intention towards him, whom they regarded as typify ing the whole race of their kindand benevo lent masters." • Messrs. Routledgo and Sons have pub lished at is., a very small collection of now poems, headed Flower do Duce, by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. All are short and beautiful, some plaintive. " Christmas Bells," written during the war, .is touching and suggestive. "Kambalu " has, I think, appeared in one of our monthlies. The scene is Persian, ' the great Captain Aliu.' One in five parts is suggested by Dante's great poem, another is to the memory of Hawthorne. The first poem of the thirteen gives its title to the whole collection; the second ' Palingeusis,' shall speak for itself." . A Book about Lawyoers, byJ. O. Jeaffreson, authorof a Book about Doctors (2s,Hatut and Blackett) is full of facts and fun, respecting the known and unknown of the profession. Money, Costume, Music, Theatricals, Poli tical-Lawyers, Legal Education, Mirth, are some of the titles of chapters, twhich are brim full of wit and humour. The Religious Tract Society has published several excellent books lately, amlong which mention may especially be made of Two, viz. : 2we Auto biography of a .lrenoh Protestant, condemned to the galleys for the sake of his religion, who formed the subject of an article in the Iast number of the Quarterly Reviewo. It is intensely interesting. The author, Martellhe, suffered all kinds of horrible privations in the'" prisons andl galleys, but was ultimately re leased and came to England. M. Mishelli says of the book, " It is a book of the first order, distinguished by the 'charming noivete of the recital, by its angelic sweetness, written as if between earth and heaven." The other work ' Canon 2urners Historical Sketch of Egypt, from the Conquest of Alexander the Great to Napoleon Bonaparte'. His fornier work referred to the period when the Pharoahs were on the throne; the present! one refers to what may be more properly termed the Historical period. The dynasty: of the Ptolemics, the Roman rule under., which Christianity shone with lustre, the sway of the' Saraens, and the obscuration of.. the Cross. by the Crescent, the servile rule of" i the Mamelukes, the dominion of Turkey, and l the invasion by'"Napoleon,' are successively. narrated here with clearness and with graphic power, which deepens our regard for a land, that has witnessed so many changes, and pos sesses such noble and ignoble associations. Small's Handbook of Sanskrit Literature, with appendices descriptive of the Mythology, Castes and Religious Sects of the ;Bindoos (Williams and Norgate) is the result of a life long study,. which for comprehensiveness of design and conscientious accuracy of literary 3 work is worthy of the highest praise. It is divided into five parts. The first contains an analysis of the Vedas and Shnstres; in a. second part there is a summary of the philo- . sophical works and doctrines of the Hindoos ; the third part deals with poetical and miscel laneous literature; the fourth gives a brief I outline of Hindoo mythology; the fifth an account of the various castes and sects. a Christmas gift books are not many of them h out, and when they are out will form a host, from' those destined for the drawing-room table to those which " dottie", may pull to pieces in the. nursery.: Messrs. Mason, and' Co. issue in worthy. style (21s.) . lennyson's Elaine, illustrated by Gustave Dore. Therq are nine exquisite full-page drawings on steel, which M. Dorb wishes " to be a monument to SMr. Tennysbn and his own powers." ' There. are a few proof impressions of the plates, price five guineas per set. The work itself is really elegant.. Messrs. Longman. &" Co. publish ' Jean lngloto's Poems,with 07 illustrations en graved on wood (21s.); thus beautifying and elucidating a work which in three years has" y. reached its eleventh . edition... The also publish (10s. Od.) an exqus r site miniature edition of .??acaulay's SLas, of Ancient Rome. ' It is. a reduced. facsimile edition, accompanied by M.;Schaif'p' Illustrations, composed or adapted from- ro mains of ancient art, first published in 1847,' and corresponds with the miniature edition of SMoore's Ir?h Mfelodies, illustrated by Maclise. Messrs. Low and Co. have ready a very 0 handsome vol. with clasp (21s.),' Two Cen-' h furies of Song, comprising lyrics, madrigals,. and other occasional verses of the English poets of the last 200 years, with critical and' biographical notes, by Walter Thornbrsy. Twenty original illustrations and ornamental arabesque borders make the vol. very. attrac-, tive. They also issue an illustrated edition of Bishop Heber's Hymns, with 100 wood cuts, and luxuriously printed (small 4to, 10s. Gd.) Mr. Small's representations of orientl' incidents and scenery are especially commend able. Mr. Bennett issues (at 42s.) The Ober 1 land and its Glaciers, explored and illustrated a with ice-axe and camera, by H. B. George, SM.A., the editor of the Alpine Journal. There are 28 photographs illustrative of the various glacial phenomena and of the scenery a described, by Ernest Edwards. The glacial scenery, is exceedingly well represented, so that the vol. combines an intelligent guide book, a narrative of adventure, and a work of e art.. Mr. Nimmo offers Roses and Holly r- (small 4to, 10s. 6d.), luxurious in paper, binding, printing, and engraving; also some of the handsomest and cheapest books for children, bearing the designations " The Now" s Half-Crown Reward Books," and " Eighteen e penny Reward Books," together' with S"Popular Nursery Tales," in large 4to, with eight full-page illustrations and handsome:. n wrapper, all for Od.: Cassell, Routiedge, it Warne, Beeton, and others also. cater largely ie for juvenile tastes. . Nor must Old Merry's n Annual, published by Jackson, Walford, and n Co., be forgotten. .,:. n The Christmas n"tumber of Once-a-Week includes contributicins from Miss Muloci4, r Shirloy Brooks, 1ark?,Lepon, Mary Howett, Jc., and is a very- good sixpennywortb. d; Routledgo's Christmas Annual begins with' ? is; sensational story by Mrs. Wood. Mr. C. H. n Ross contributes some rude sketches. Arthur y- Sketehley, Andrew Halliday, Hain Friswoll5 \- and others contribute some good pieces, 21 ib all. Cassell's Christmas Annual is called "My Pale Companion," the title of the first a' story by Clement Scott. It is made to intro y duce others by Tom Hood, W. Braugl., d Arthur Sketchley, L. Houigh (who gives a s startling little story), and others. "Mugby g Junction" is the title of the Christmas. one c, of All the Year Round, which contains more to of Mr. Dickens's writing than usual, toelthcr n with contributions from the pens of Arthur s, Sketehley, Tom Hood, W. Braugh, and illus o trations from the pencils of several artists. ao "The live. Alls" is tihe title of Warno and ,' Co.'s Annual,.,whiclh is edited by Mr. Tom Hood, and contributed to by a great number , of.the comic writers of the day. It contains d colorl illustiations by "Phid'. and Watson, tIg and 200 seri-comi ketsctlmes by othesartists. Boeton's Christmas Annual,now in its seventh season,'is as usual ono of the besti.slhlling's Worth of its class. Messrs. Law and Co. aro issuing a one- vol. edition of "" Hugo's Toilers of the Sea," with two engravings from original paintings made by Gustave • Dorn for this edition, represnting " The Last Breakwatero and "G?illit's Struggle with the Devil-Fish." The Globe Shakspeare of Messrs. Macmillan and Co. is to be re-issued in five, sixpenny parts; theo first part contains nine flaga. Messrs. Clark, of Edinburgh, are about to publish " Ecce Deuim, Essays on the Life and Doctrine of Jesus Christ, with controversial note oni Eeco Ho1.'o." The first volume of Johnson's 'Dictiobiary,' byiDr. R. G. Latlham, has just been com lifeted. IIt is the imiost copious, and promises to be thle. most, valuable, dictionary' in the English language.--In private circhds it is re potted that'Mr. Robert Browning -will pro dsabc a new poem in the spring. It is' no light thing ; nor is it a- collection, of, small pems?i that lihe is now lringngingto. a close.; buit'a great work of many thousand lines.,; It \--is'Tounded on a mediseval Rosani.stovy, which has fsacinated the poet.-Dr. Conquest;, a insmber of the' College of Surgeons nat/18 yedrs of age, and the author of several:widely: kiiown works on obstetric medicine, has. re= cently died at the age of 77..-The admirably series bof papers which have !appeared from time to' time in . Jsasedr'a' maaines on the Priest in his study, congregation,: school,&oc.;, havi lieenK ic-printed, in a volume bearing the title " Priest and Paris," by the Rev. Harry Jokies '(Brighton).-Messs. Longman and Co. are preparing for - -publicatidn:lFMr. Disraeli's Speeches 'on Parliamentary Re . form; Sir Henry Havelock's, Three .Main Military Questions of the Day, viz., ai Home Reserve Army, the more Economic Military Tonure of India, Cavalry versus Breach loaders; and Mr. T. C. Marasbman's History of: India.-Mr. Hepwotlh. Dixon's, work " New America" is announced, by Messrs. Hurst,Blackett for publication on New Year's Day.-The Autocrat of the Breakfast Table, :(Oliver Wendell Honmes) is out with another. now book; this time consisting of humorous verses, under the title of " Wit and Humor;" and many of the pieces are said to bear a s'trong likeness to the best of Hood's mirthful verses,-" Familiar Lectures on, Scientific: .Subjects" by Sir. J. F. W. Herschel, ,have: been re-plrinted for Good Words. They refer .chiefly to light, and present the. most recent scientific results in a popular .style.-Mac-,. millan and Co. issue an " Elementary ,Trena tise on Heat," by Balfour Stewart ; which forms an excellent text-book, inclusive of the latest discoveries. . .. The Life of David Roborts, IR.A., A edited by James Ballcntine, his former " color boy,'" * with etchings by the artist, and faesimile sketches from his journal, has just been pule lished by Messrs. Black, in 4 to £22s. = essrs Longman, and Co. has just issued another volime by Dr. Boyd, A.K.ILB., (3s Od) bearing.the title " Sunday' Afternoons at the Parish Church of a University City." It conJ taius a selection of discourses preached by the 1 'author !in .Glasgow; commencing "'with a: in essay, not befoie ipublislhed, oni the aspect and associations of the venerable ' edifice in wvhich h;.e discourses were given.-Mr: Elliot Stock publishes a Commentary on St. 'Matthliw's 1 SGospel, by Eustace R. Conddr, M.A.. It'is designed for teachers, preachers,' and educated English readers generally. 'Not 'so scholarly, as Alford, more concise and popular, it never theless takes notes of the' last criticisms, anil expositions, and is:: admirably sidapt~c: for general intelligent use. Messrs? ' Edmonston and Douglas have in the pies'" Life and Work, at the 'Graat' Pyumid,'.duriigsg thce ..months of 'Ja?unary, '.Febrdaa ?-'Marcb, and : p April, 1865, with a discussioh.of thbiren value ,and . nicaning," :(illdstrated w?with thirty-six .plates and several .wood- cuts);' by C. Pizzi S?myth"., It will appiear hii three, handsome ,volumes. .The North ?Yritiah Reieewo dpens ivith 1, ,,,iece s de resista?ee. or " Ponclaves." 'lAqt article begins with showing the "general,.l g., ,ing of the subject on what in the or rnaay3 . course of human events cannot be far ox z., ' the choice of a new Pope. The'a br tst of interest connected with the subj0dt .t}?'the constitutional forms of a conelatls, lii"coldes ,in..which a, pope might bb,,crea'le , the.pro "j..visionis devised to meot!theroxigencies of an -.interregnum, and theliforthcoming political. .> prerogatives tlhatarecalhcli tinto existence on the occurrenice of :a',pole'S decease. An ex :posittiop of: tlieso.ihmattcrs would furnish a complete view of the organisation of the Holy See." It seems that "the existing mode of ,.papal' election, by which the prerogative of n!a ?minm the supreme poutiff is vested exclu .;tyely in those ecclesiastical dignitaries who ave a`ttained the rank "of chiatnalduri ii a msatter of comparatively late creation; and 'that for centuries the election was lodged in a Soist action of the whole community, as fall: ing into the three classes of civil authorities, eople, and clergy. It was Hildebrand who I ducead his nominee Nicholas II. in 1059 to issue the bull which must be regarded as the original charter of the College of Cardinals- the Magna Charts on which reposes the ox Isting structure of that body-a deed of abid ing. importance for the constitution of the •Roman See. By it the College of Cardinals was called into creation as an ecclesiastical senate, invested organically with the'elective .,franolhise which' can give a head to .the ( )hurch. Alexander III. (1179)1 promul: gated a.decre thiat no papal election should .?be valid ,with ia majority of less than two " thirds.'pf those. voting--a provision that; has pocr, since remiinned in force. ' Gregory X. (1271)'~ sised ab decree in which the principle was first lt'l down of -looking up + the Chuich's'e'lectorp with the view of shutting out.the itioin:of secularinfluences." Otherl i ja titil wereinclneded in this decsee.i -T:eR', wrto of the'" rtleethen' iaesCribes the " eeirniemo " observed on the -pope's demise, the preliminaries to conlave, the obsequies oea pope, the arrangsements and forms gone tf hirough, and the method of electing a pope;. S"There arei only three inodecs .in which an pope a cano40; lawfully proated--by inspiration,'by s compromise, anibyballot.. Thu first, which 1 prequires tihat spontaneously without any kind s of previous confeuince, all the electors of one Saccord." should:. simultaneously proclaim the same individual may be dismissed without r furthe. comment as an altogether ideal con ceptioi." The second, the expedient of dele-. gating to a sainll, committee of.cardinalis the Spower.wl~ich the whole body fotnd .itself too ullucl torn.hy dissension to exorcise ha, Iheo s resorted ~to on-several occasioins, nd is still, considered' in Rolmei as not obIsolete.:' The' o'dlliihryi' lectto??l by: ballot :ist erformied'by. two processes repezted,daily-one in the fore noon which is a simple ballot, t?d other ,in the aftternoon, which consistis in the iprocess teolinitially 'calliid ' accediug,' i whereby 'in olectoi, revoking his morning's ballot, tranis-; fores his.votoi to sohenoone, whosq name had I that usmornini?, als& om, r6u'e ofuttdf thi balot J box. Heice the desg?iatidsionf? o te. mentaiy ballot, fore in l"chlp fag j sfs 9fcs i tors frets-trictly lsniitedt hle powefrady hering .to somen. cardinal li hoe? am". atiii ,h early ballot lihs libeen drawj.. :,The, ;o itg papers are square ,and.foldqii dowri, so as at each end to have a sealed p'ortioni within the upper, end of ?vhiehý is written tohe voter's ( itamni, .to li opened.: onlya d: special cir- a ouumstnoces ; and inrr.the oth1o' aled with the ho same seal,. some motto. from SEaisstire, which I once adopted must be,tleo, anis ('at .all ,ballots and.' serves .ordnlharily;: ~ tlheomeans for, identification. of.. the, v teo : Ini the i middle space which .is, left o en.2stands the name of the candidate. Ady ,insg ,to the altar, after a short prayer in" ileoee, and an oath'aloud,^wherici the Savioti is., called to 1 witness that the vote to .be gveis dictated I by conscious convictions, cae b(atrihal drops I his papor in the chalice upon Ike p! r., When all have voted,:the examinatlgs ,q;~.papers is is nmdo by. the scrutators, t, iLeoe,.pCardinals slecotedl by lot,,who succcessiy ?.u d to each c other every paper, wlhich is l lthe: last filed on.a'liin. ':Should a.candidy come?out with E just a majority of two-thhir ttlen becomes e necessary to open. thoe.uppe e [ded portions of I tlie ballot papers, witlh theli l.of, ascertain- a ing that thiss majority is nq ase to the oandi date's;own vote, it beinn ldt, Iau for a.Pope E to be the instrument of li, 6 oreation; In I the caso of no adequate ii ty. , thel papers :r are. preserved, so. as. to be able."toIcheck,, t through, the mottoes, tlfbotes g.en ,in the l supplementary ballot, Wifboing, of ourse,.un- s lawful for a CardiialFFf eielieat a coid vote f in behalf of the candihllite' fo:.whih~m,.o had c already voted in thdlidorning.' , The 1foi'm of a tesider?nig this secdtil .:votes is bfy witing t Accedo danmino Cldrdisali,' whil.d th?le who li persist in their riathriing's" clhoic't inseirt the r word ' reiori.',l:oShould both baloti fail'in I producing the legal:majority, theti itlhb.apers are burnt, while in all cases tho' poition con- t taining the .votr's name is to;i'be 'olined by t the scrutatorsonly;in the eventiif 'ome r pioion ot fraud, ..or of a vote'obeing invalid; . through.someoviolation by theelcetor. of the a prescribodoforms. . ?,f flio narratives t of Conclaves are filled with ?hcounts .of oled- a tion 4n malnauvres . praoltled - by.. plotting v Cardihnals, with the vim*e ofb ibrgingig about, t by underhand. tactics; sepre:;preconceived re-. i suit.. .The whole system?:f thes?e proceedings t bbrs- the visible imp?ess of that cautious a anid:.cunniing .temperpuent which..never I operates but undeumard skm and never content plates to .workotlterwie, thain' by, stmfngeim." n The next paper ispnem'.i'¶?ho Relation. of the I Food of Mant?akis' uiseular, Power,'! ,show- ( ing, after consiidq ble .discussion, f tle suib-. ject," thatr tlýsWni?al body can only be re- r paired "byji?ig'jmuous materials, of which a' certahisqdat itjy proportionate to thd swork perfo?e ustbe presented .A papern I "Tinlu iiih i`urcmh Establishmenit" point oit c itajkg set forth the opinions of stittesmdn a res pqtg it, reviews the statements put forth t f4nits gef nee, describes its present;state, a?dd h.uvesthe necessity for reform. !',Thi one t shiing needful is the. abolition, in Ireland of i the legal supremacyf. reformed Anglicanisni , and the withdrawal of the tomporalitigs firo t the Church . introduced and, nmintasined by t Eliglish arms. . The disposal, of ,thes.s tea poramlities, after de .provision shallhi .e made for the satisfaction of existing interists, is i f matter-of secondary importance, whichl, my a bo-quietly.settled. hereafteriby, deliberations t for which thero.will be. ample; leisure.,?At f present the urgeniy and pressing grievance is 1 the existence of.the. Establishment; midtlhe d t removal of this great. and monsstrous anomaly I cannot.with safety be. long delayeod." ", e I EmperoirFrederick the Second,"'" the wonder I of the world,".: as the Englishl.historian Matthiw Paris,. calls . him ;!,:.4' PfofeOsor Conington's:(Enid," , "'a, scholarly conu - en tary .i a readable poemin "Ededoele of o Agrigentum, "the last of the great colonial e 'sages of Greece ;" The Loss of Calais ;". and " Submarine Telegraphy," ale the subjects of other article.. - .. ,:braser.--A first paper: on " Military Re form" compares the Prussian system with oum r own, and points out the necessity. fo .some radical changes in recruiting.. Four chapters " of a now tale called !" The .Marstonis," intio a dace us to 'some of, the, characters, among 'others to onowhso seems to,oecupy a prisi Siiont place--Miss- Pringle--" really a very i nice lively old lady ; a, little vain, a ,little a foolish, perhaps, -but .really very pleasant. IAn. article bearing the title.,' Was Lord Bacon I an Impostor.T' is a defence of the reputation of tho.philosopber against the, aspersions of s Liebig, the German chemist, and Tchibatchef the.Rusilan savant. As to, ' Bribery'andlits SRnemedies,",.it . ~is pointed out ,that higher smorality is i tie obest safeguard against the Scorruption ;till that is devloliepd, aid, must r bh obtained from secret voting and tIs trans 2\. for of all eletion expenses from the candi e date to the constituency. ."f Down theOhio a, to the Underworld"' is a.verypleeasnt descrip stion of a trip to the Mamnmoth Cave of Kentucky, Othere papes hear the titlei, " Mr. Ddllas on, the Gay Soioence-the Laws and Filntions of Criticism"; " Lunatics," 'a lettei to `John Bull from ]Brother Jonathani, favorablito a sincere, resolute, and intelli gent unhan of the two nations; and "The Theory of-Compensation," a review of certain opiniomniput, forth in 1809. by a French writer, Azas .. " In tho' Fortnightly Review, -about a year ago," Lorl AAmberley had an article on' the relationf borne by. the, two great political parties to the Establislled Churcli''the otl n regardidg it'a? ainceans to tin end, iand' the otherd ar'aenil in itself,: the maintonanco of which is 'a p6sitivo duty inculmbent on. the Stateo. In.considering the latter (the' Ooit servative theory, his Loidslhip -endeavored"to shoiw,?ttlio'same timt tliat it is:not the duty of the tate to support ,any ,partioular: form :ofsd o dtio religion, and that eyeryprivilege conceded.to.one religious 'body. and'withheld from in~otlier is'ani injuttice and an equality. Lord lAmberley has now, in the. Deceniber nuniter .(theo ,Fortnightly having for, the liresoilt ?=bccome a monthly, publication, in rongequepce of. the ietiremnent of the. editoi; Mr; I'w.es?? a::second 'irticle -in- which lihe 'dealsnwith :tlýistions:unansweredi in the first, viz. .I1' l W ther, there should be. a Statei Church. at ..~all I . 2,If thieie be. a State' ChIahli, whivt idiineto~teand 'wwhht' purpose should it hiaved" T i: Tlf?former article treated of:thd'Chutlrh as a politi' linstitution ; the present deals with it. as ait religious commiu nity. 'The Sunida; Magazine contains im intereist ing sketch 6f 'the early life 'o'f Archbishop Whitely. " . .. . Mr.- Trollope's new weekly aerial -story, , The'slt COhionicle of Barset," illustrnted by'G:'H!' Thoinim (0d.)' appeals: in 'a ;very handsoidie but tasteful cover,t; and introduces us,to 'our old_.acquaintances-theo Arabians, the Duinbellows, the Graniitleyse, the Thirnes', niad' the Roudie.s Some new characters thdrd are 'of'course ; fi'om the wholq we' may expect some good,delinentions of character. .Dublin. University contains ,a ketch of Skeltoi, " A 'Satirical Laureate of the' 16th centuriy" ; 'another" of tthle Rev./ F. VW. Robertso ;. another .of "' Garrick's Friends and Enemies,"' the last, the moet interesting of the three. . In an article on thie "Southern States tinder'Defeat," 'written.with 'Southern preferences,' there are thai: following 'just remarks :-" Political life is not extinct in the;;Confedenato States, it' is only dormant. An-act'ive Mad pioweirdl Southerit party' will infallibly become orie of the girat' political forces of America, as of old ; nor will it lack claims, to urge, and, institutions to defend, albeit slavery is no more, and the: Consti tstional "amendment' mnust be': accepted.' 'Whatever. coniditions' the , Northern .pirty may eventually sucaced in imposing upon the Southern member 'before admitting them to Congress, it is:plain. that, once admitted, tldioe Southeirners ''will band' themselves together, adl assdciate them with the politi 'cialZsection inother States having, most ji. chrihion"ivith themselves, and fight over again tlhei' old party battles. ' The notion thait they would be gagged and fettered is as absurd as mischievous. - From the ,ioment when they regain their constitutional footing they' will . become a compact ' political influence by which th6 domestic afliirs and the foreign policy of the entire, republic will alike be largely 'modified."' Seven ",Old Fireside Stories of Wexford," with continua tions of tales, 'iiake uip the' remainder'of this 'months' nilmber. 'The 'stories are quaint old legends, of which one" called ' A' Legend df Clever Women' is a fair specimen. ?: Cornhili gives us considenabld' variety' of nmatter in addition 'to the two tales. 'A paper on "Medieval ,arfare", really discusses' the martial charteteristics :of Richard Comur. de Lion , and. the Crusaders, and describes.the? campaigns in the Holy' Land. The writer of i paper on" 'm"Thoe Devil and 'Dr. FaustihB" tneces the 'origin of the (story t"o. Theophilus, who lived in the reign of- the Emperor Jus-_ tinian, about A.D, 538. It was " first narrated in' Greek by" Eittychus, "the deciple of Theophilus,'wlo declared thathlie had heard the Raccount from his master's own lips. The tale was,translated into Latin,: then into" French, Anglo-Saxon, 'Icelandic, spreadiing over.'neaily the whole 'of 'Europe, and' thus fainiliarising the popular mind with 'the idea 'ofa huinaih being entering into treuty with the Evil Spirit.- The same idea was thence forth re-priiduced in'ialmiy other' stories told by various-persortiges,' aud'in different co6in tries'; the :display of any.xtamonlrinary know ledge," oa of, oxtraordiaily luxury being com monly traced to om. source of this kind until at length it seuh embodied i the Hii., tory of Dr. Fanueite."a I The legends 'are then" narinitoid.: Thioe:'Two' Danmatista of the Last ,Centhry,,v who form the subject of ainothedr paper are Alfleri.and -Goldoni, both-highlyl distinghishedrin' the history of Italian- litera threi .The next paper is a very racy descrip tin of a very exciting "Kangaroo 'Drive'! at ?allandra-a"' finchelP as they call it':in the Highlands-scouring the country and driving a l the animals into a culde-sae. Next come sine lines'on ".Gennesaret," and then apaper 'o !" Views of Vienna," by one who gives us sdme idea of the' manners and customs of Aus n life..!, I t :· .unch.; • 1n Incomplete Trio.-The seal and 'the tir at" thie Zoological aitrdiis, foir'they cto'tn and Riaction':-, R'laising'the paten and the cup' SRouses John Bull to frown ;; IA 'Ti celear (he:thinks) such lifting, up . Requires a setting, down. . edical.-Our doctor's ceiling fell in the ot 61r day. ' To provent'a recurrence of the acadent, 'hel immediately mlpailred it' wvith etifking plaster.. : '' ." •.-unday "Bands."-Our curate's. SAddress 'to a Rituallsta---Who'es your triple Political "Economy."- Muanager of T tre (Lord D-y) : "Now, then, Ben j , .w : at have we got for the opening so' :,l-Property-man (D- i) : "VWell, i Jhere's .the old '50 banner [inscribed Re f Bill, 1859] 1 A little touching up 'll n l it as good as new.". ymlathy.-- Oiles (rlefuidly) - " Villiam I o been'an' gone an' 'listed I" WVillian- or I 'ave you, though') Got the shillin' " es-"-Yes." William-" Well then; let's in 'ave a glass at the Barley Mow; don't 1 's be down 'carted I" Why is anll hotel ghost like a policemanl - cause it is an inn-spectre. HIow to kill time --Shoot every day. -A sensible Advertisement--.A good hunt g seat wanted, by a very bad rider. Motto for all dramatic lerfonrers-Act oll your Il?nt. I" Ingenuous Didicisse," c,---Urbane For gnor (painthings and statutes t.'ound)-" The 1 p.h- *contemplation of" these - ahll - vtibi of'tncient art in the galleries of Europe must 'most int'risting to the - ali' - educate ?Anericant." 'Anmerican Tourist 'f VaWa\ don't seem to care nicelh for these *otone,ý,o"oehowir, stranger I" .The Tlieolical Degrees of Colallrisoli: Poitive"-'.oukk ; Comparalti?e-Monkoy' ; Superlatei '~'Litualist. :ceil, ottol Tilte, Sunday mornilng. Lady : " et me hat e dshiier at four this after noon." Page': Yes'mn. '>Would you.like it hot or co 1" Lady : " Hot. I should like a chicken ' Page: "Yesa'i. Would you like it ro t or boiled I' Lady :.' Boiled. Is there a eln ach near here " Pageo:-.". Yes'nl. Would y, like it high or low T' An A t-and-out-er.-Our 'friend,. Dacey Greyling is such an ardent angler, that, when he na do nothing else, lie fishes for a compllime t. If the roes could .speak, to what officer would the appeal ' The relieving officer . A Lad Question.-An advertisement in The Tmee nnounces 2 he Lady's Own Paper. Is it tin paper or curl paper . Anoth Royal Author.-It is rumored that the ng of Ihsly huas employed himself in his ret emont .in writing .a novel to' be' callel the Two Oicelys" The Ca? rbury Pilgrim.-The Afehbishop in Sotlan SSound vestment.-A ritualist clergyman charting:, Qjestion.to a Clerical Ritualist.-Who's your Sinilliner I A:n Ai"xiliary Screw.-An Infantry Field Olfficr's secbnd charger: A Good Example.--When our cobbler has nothing els 'to do, hlie mends his paee. Thi; OCleverest Thing Imaginable.-An accomplished filt. Tlhe.cowkeepers propose to hold a Congress in tlle Pump Room Baths. It will be known in our jocial history as the Milk Diet. 