THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH IN VICTORIA. (FBOJf O0B SPECIAL ntr-OBTEna.) SANDHURST, THUUSDAT.1 ' The Bendigo mind, has decided that-the Prince's reception here has'been worthy of the district. I do not Yvish to question the correctness of that conclusion, nay, would add to their means of self-glorification, for in tho Sandhurst district the Prince has gained a new experience, and ono to which his trip across the Seventy-milo Plains-from "Wickliffe to Skipton-is a bagatelle. Ho has found out what a scorcing hot Yvind ia on this side tho Dividing Jtnnge. Bendigo has long enjoyed the reputation of being ono of tho hottest places in the colony when tho wind is in the north, and His Hoyal Highness will now understand that it is deserved. The blast to-day is not Y-cry strong ; there aro no clouds of dust except Yvhcro vehicles are roll- ing, hut the air is as heavy as lead, tim sun burns rather than shines, and a fierce blinding heat hangs like au invisible pall over the country. The houses, the roads, the white espouses of pipeclay Yvhich mark tho shallow diggings of yore, the parched grass, and the crackling gum-saplings that occasionally dot tho gtound that has lain upturned but untouched for years, ave all unnaturally bl lilian t, and sicken and exhaust the senses in their reflection of the scorching sun and sky of brass. Thoio are the usual emollients in the YY-ay of light dress and cool drinks, bnt they only go a little way to miti- gate the goneial aridity, and the Hoyal visitor and hispai ty have had a hard day of it. They have gone through the day's programme pluckily, nor lins the enthusiasm of the iuhabi; lants been much abated as "tho day increased from heat to heat." "Whotevor the (rhico (the Governor has, I beliovo, returned to town) goes, there are the tojoicings after the usual pattern, and the good loyal people tush and struggle and cheer. It does not seem too much for thom to stand in the bioiling sun for houi. and hours, so long as they catch a glimpse of tho Royal f catines ; nor do clouds of dust nor puffs of a breeze, hot as from the mouth of, tv fur- nace, abate their eagerness or slacken their exertions one whit. It has so happened that all the prov incia welcome's the Duke has received have had one characteristic favourably distinguishing them, horn the lest. Geelong, with its unrivalled bay, witnessed a Koyal landing, which in spectacular effect surpassed that at Sand- ridge ; Biillaiat gave a " children's Yvelcome," which was unequalled in its Yvay ; Castle- maine exhibited the linest triumphal arch ; and now Sandhurst has outdone all compcti tois Yvith a torchlight procession. The scone of last night will be found described in another part of to-day's despatch, and it Yvill surely never be forgotten by those who witnessed it. The ring of minersl waving their torches as tho binni played martial music, the inteimitting flashes of the fireworks anel Dougal lires, the cloud of smoko lurid with the reflected light, the blaze of the bonfire into which the expiring torches Yvere cast, tho Yvild cheers with Yvhich the Prince YVOS received, tho thousands of upturned faces, the other lights beyond and around, and all the noises of a hugo assemblage, will dwell for many long yeais on the recollection of the spectators. The torchlight procession in Melbourne, which Yvas, till now, only np pioftchcd in effect by tho Get mans who wel- comed Sir Henry Barkly to ballarat in 1857, was completely distanced by this demonstra- tion, Yvhich is tho one thing that Sandhurst has accomplished better than any other Victorian town, and is entirely worthy of the ancient fame of this enterprising and still flourishing community. In other respects, their arches were not so good, their flags not" so numerous, their crowds not so exuberant in feeling as elsewhere. It is a dismal thing to remember that this show could not occur without life being lost, and the poor boys, Yvho, it will bo seen, were burnt so that they have dicdfiom injuries íeceived during the illuminations, have been deeply and widely regretted-by nono moto than the Prince himself. AU through the night the festivities continued in more or less force, and even when the morning dawned, * and ti "l)iickfielder"set in, the only thought was how to surpass in that day the hearty YVCI come of that which had gone before. Subjoined comes a description of the pro- ceedings in detail. THE ILLUMINATIONS, FIREWOltKS, AND TOHCHLIGHT PROCESSION. Tlie illuminatory night's ontotlainment in honour of the I'tince Yi-ns a very effective display. There wore but a few gus illumina- tions of any met it, it is true, tho inhabitants having but little faith in the local gasometer, and slill fewer "ansparendes desorving of praise ; but tho idea of turning night iuto day in token of rejoicing was carried out with such unanimity and spirit, that a very te uunktible scene, such as a diggings township only could present, was produced without any c.xtiaotdinary degiee of merit attaching to pailicular individuals or streets. The banners used in the daylight celebra- tion still floated from the houses and hung in festoons across the thoroughfares ; and the. triumphal arches, with the rest of the Y-nriod ornamentation which Yvas so conspicuous in the morning, lent additional interest to the spectacle. Pall-nml) was a scene of the wildest excitement throughout the night, and ViuYV-point and its neighbourhood, wero thronged with eager sight-beers, who were frequently startled into exclama- tions of surprise by the novel aspect of the town. A species of fancy fair Yvas hold nt one end of the borough, where there wore Cheap John stalls and merry-go-rounds. The lutter sport YVW, in high fa\\-our with the young folies, and undeveloped <iunrU-rcofei_. wete to be been hitting their ligneous chatgers with as proud an air as ever Alexnndor bestrode his famed Bucephalus. Dut the great feature of the evening Yvas tho miners' torch- light pro- cession, Yvhich numbeied about a thousand totches. The miners of tho whole district, enteied into the «Hair with grent .spirit, and -though these demonstrations ave sup- posed to lie peculiarly Yvithin the province oí theGennans-without regard to nationalities, for "Saxon, Noiman, anel Dane are wo" in loyal celebrations. The procession formed in the reserve at the Survey-office, at about eight o'clock, and as it passed through View-point, with bands plnying, banners waving, torches flaming, and innumerable little paper lamps, painted with Y-ariotis coloured device., carried by somo of tho mon, twinkling in the hazy atmosphere, the appoorance presonted was botli novel and effective. Tire streets were lined with spectators, mid Yvhen the procession halted opposite the Shamrock Hotel, the people crowded on the fence of tho Camp Reserve, crammed all the cabs near at hand, mid stopped ever)' nvcuue. Tho Trinco ap- peared in the comer balcony of his hotel, and ns ho bowed his ftcknoYvledgcments to the repeated cheers of the croYvd, it was quito apparent that he Yvas highly pleased with the novel effect. Tho spectacle ho witnessed Yvm, in truth, n very remarkable one. Below thebalcony in which His Koyal Highness stood, -at the corner of Williamson- street and Pall Mf.U, half the torch bearers had assembled in a semicircle, with their hand in front, playing martial airs The faers of the dense crow« surrounding *were lit ?upswitk a ruddy light, the neighbouring buildings were thrown into grotesque relief by UM red flies of the torches, ' rockets and Roman candles wero discharged frorn. the ^irrida); of,* the tlnong at, every mo mcïyarid' the* crowds'kept utf an in'cessaiit, roar of delight ; making the scene altogether | «ne of a character to . he long remembered. * In full view of the_ hotel vvas the Camp Re- j serve, where a\display.óf direwprks was going I on, in the midst of as effective an illumina-1 t'ton of its kind as could be wished. The Camp I lill, which rises like a high tetrace in front of the ivfall," was linhg-with Chinese lanterns ' a dozen rows deep for-a distance of a qtiai tor ! of a. mile ; and Aladdin himself, though he . had'invoked tho aid .of His magic lamp' ló'b'ifild a fairy palace in an hour,' could hot j "have 'devised anything better. Rockets" rose 'from'twinkling firmaments of stars, to fill tho ïéavèns" with a myriad stailiits as they burst ; and* revolving \vhcel3,' with 'starry-pointing ?pyramids of flame, backed by the light of "the ' Monument-hill bonnie, 'combined to make a picture which will not easily be for- gotten in the'district. When tho excitement was at its r height, the ship Galatea, which .filled apiominentpait in'the .morning's pro- ceedings, ' and whose crew hail ' been dis- charging bluo .lights and rockets in front of the Shamrock', -suddenly rushed through the cTovvd, 'its canvas, hulwaiks, and wooden 'decks, all á-blaze. It was at first thought that this was a part of the programme, but wlicn the horses were pulled np in a less ciowded part of the street, and the crew, ¿en and boys, set to work to extinguish the flames, it was evident to all that a catas- trophe had occmicd. By some means or other, the load of fireworks on .board had ignited, anel the conflagration was sô rapid that all the boys in the ship wero more or less hurncd .before they could bo extricated'. Three, who wero seriously burned - Wm. Langston McGrath. aged nine years, son of the'proprietor of'the Harp and Shamrock Hotel; Thomas Walters, aged eleven; and Sylvester Francis Cahill, aged nine years - were at once removed to the hospital, and the first-mentioned poor little fellow died thcro a"5- few hours afterwaids in gteat agony. It was not thought at' first that the injuries tho lad had received weic of so severe a nature ; but the Prince evinced the liveliest concern for the sufferers on hearing of the sad mishap, anti sent Mr. Yorke,' his cqucny, to the hospital to inquire how they were pi ogressing. Soon after they had been 'conveyed to that institution the Mayors of Melbourne and Sandhurst also visited' the unfoitunate ,boys. Thus, in the very height of the rejoicings, the shadow of the 'cypress was thrown over the celebra- tion! ' While the torchlight precession was in front of the Shamrock Hotel, the following addicssfrom the representatives of themining community vas presented to His Royal High- ness:- "To Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edin- burgh, K.G. "May it please your Boyal Highness,-Wo, the miners of Bendigo, whilst partaking in the general joy and congratulations at the arrival of your Royal Highness in Australia, desire in welcoming joui presence amongstus specially to express the giatification with whiüh your Royal Highness's visit to this- one of the chief gold-fields of tho world-has im- pressed us, and to assure your Royal Highness of our loyalty and devotion to otu Most Gra- cious Queen and country. "In visiting some of the piincipal mines of the.district, your Royal Highness will have ample evidence of the nature and scope of our mining resources, which have already pouted forth a sti earn of wealth of smprising magni- tude! anti which ptomise to bo almost inex- haustible'in their nature. While expressing a hope that the evidence of our mining pro- gress .will afford you gratification, we trust that the impressions formed by your Royal Highness .whilo amongst us will be such as to induce'you toiomcmberwithpleasuie your visit to 'Bendigo. * "Signed on behalf of the miners of Bon el igo, "T. BALLERSTEDT, Chairman. "T. BURROWS, Treasurer. "H. HATTAM, Secretary." The ceremony over, the procession passed down Pall Mall and into the Camp Reserve, where the torches were whiilcd into a gcneia 'bonfire, winch added to the uniemeoffect of the whole scene, and tho band played the Nationa Anthem, by way of finale. The îcscrve itself was crowded thioughout the long evening withproxnenadcis ¡and the decoiations bete, which consisted of festoons of lamps hung fiom tree to tree-one monaichof the wood shining resplendent alone with four belts of gas jets round its li uni--had a very pleasing effect. The most brilliant thoroughfaios in the illumination were Pall Mall, and Bull, Mit- chell, and Williamson stieets. The night was'beautifuUy calm, and it was a pity that more.confidenco had not been shown in the rosources .of the gas company. However, the Jantoms used were better than bad gas ¡Humi- liations. The great hit of the evening was the illumination of the Town-hall, which, excepting the Treasuiy, was as -good as anything of tho kind seen at tho Melbourne illuminations. The entire front of the building, including balcony, Windows, and coping, was lined out in gas jets, and the word " AVelcomc " appeared in gigantic letters of gas in the centre, Next in point of merit wore, perhaps, the illumina- tions at the Bank of Victoria, which consisted of a brilliant gas crown and star, with re ileotots, .and lows of Chinese lanterns on the parapot, and candles in each window. The Savings Bank also made a good appearance. The Bank of New South Wales came next ; and an illuminated revolving globo exhibited by Mr. Bush, of Williamson-street, which .containod a representation of the Prince standing by a cannon, the Galatea in full sail, anel an inscription, "Welcome Prince Alfred all over the world," attracted some attention Gbtho sang, palliativcly, of his wild student days " Jugond 1st Trunkenheit olmo Wein,' and it would be well if the saino could he said of the loyalty of a diggings township ; but too much must not bo expected fiom a country district on an oocasion of general rejoicing King Nobbler's dominion has of late yean lessened considerably in Bendigo-once his great stronghold; but ho has still some potency, anti exacts not unwilling tribute from thirsty souls. Thus, as the night wore on tho streets bccanio somewhat incoherently noisy. .Rather a ntde serenade must have reached the cara of nis Royal Highness over Uie heads of the Castlemaine volunteers, who guarded the entrance to his apartments i and it was not until broad daylight that tired eyelids were permitted to descend upon many tired eyes. To-tlay the boys Walters and Cahill, who wero injured at the burning of the model hhip yesterday evening, died in tho hospital and this melancholy catastrophe has cast quite a gloom over the festivities. VISIT TO HUSTLER'S REEF. With a heavy day's business hofore him, tho Piinco wisely decided to get to work ¡is soon as possible, and .shortly after ton a.m. the Royal cortege left the Shamrock Hotel, Ho was escorted by a tioop of the licndigo Iiight-horse, under Capt. Stewart, anti. to them praiso Tis due, for their ex dient, and soldier-like disposition and (ondtiet throughout tho day. The Royal carriage was the same as that used yestor <lay, and wns horsed by Messrs. Wagner and Robertson, aiiddrivonby the postilions who in Castlemaine failed-though capital horsumen -to manage the team of greys provideel bj tho firm last- mentioned. The aspect out oi doors was truly appaling. The sun i was fear- fully stiong, the heat prodigions, and in this comparatively new town, thcro was no cool «ido of the street, nor tall housoi to cast a grateful shadoYv. Like the scene of Mariana, in the " moated grange" '',","' '. "AllthCfurnacß'of.tholight, . ' ' " Struck up against tho blinding wall." ' Luckily, the wind was not strong, and so tho ' thick1 dust only rose'hi feathery spirals at j street corners, or in volumes Yvhen the horses .ana carriages dashed -along-as they did dash, for the Prince had apparently^ a strong desirp to finish the day's business,, and , the cortiye .drove, hard,and fast., ¡Before-leaving'town ,His Royal Highness, .accompanied by a suite, which included Mr. Yorke, Hon. Mr. Mac- Mahon, the Hon. Mr. Sullivan, Judge Skinner, Mr. McIntyre, the mayor of Sandhurst, and the councillors, and town clerk, Messrs. Casey, and Burrows, M.L.A.'s, Lieutenant Poore, of the Galatea, and others, Called at the shop of Messrs. Joseph and Co., Pall-mall, and there'inspected the beautiful little model of a quartz-crushing machine in silver, which created such a sensation at tho Intercolonial Exhibition. He could not help but admire, and YVOS good enough, moreover, to accept from Mr. Joseph a handsome ring, composed of minute quartz specimens set in golel. The party then proceeded to tho celebrated claim of Latham and Watson, at Hustler's Reef, which, being one of the sights of Sandhurst, he could hardly fail to vist. ' The history of these Yvorks is identified Yvith that of, Bendigo itself. When rpiartz-mining was first attempted here, Hustler's icef YVOS opened out by a couple of coloured men' fruin California, and Mr. Hustler bought the claim, andYVorked it with veiy rude machinery, horse-driven. Subse- quently, Messrs. Latham and Watson joined in the speculation, and eventually proper machinery was erected, but tiH a fow years ago the quartz crushed paid only compara- tively small dividends. Then Messrs. Latham and Watson bought out their partners, and soon aftcrwaids the profits increased enor- mously. The claim is now ono of the richost in Victoria, and as such has been more than once minutely described in the columns of -'Ac Argus. The preparations for the Koyal visit I were considerable ; a triumphal arch adorned the entrance; a fair display of shrubs and (lowers gave a hoUdny appearance to the neat office buildings ; and the Bendigo Volunteers Rifles Band wero coUected on the brace. The reception was nothing like that given by the ballarat companies, but 1 it vvas eminently lcspectable, and Mr. Lewis, the manager, bael had the place so cleaned anel beautilied with paint, that the ordinal y work-a-day look was quite lost, and the wholo work of raining and quartz-crushing made to appear the easy and agreeable pursuit Yvhich it certainly is not. A crowd of'nèighbours-some 300 or 400 persons-rbad assembled to see the Prince, who Yvas greeted with the proper honours ; that is, the men uncovered and.chccrod, the worn eil YvaY'cd their handkerchiefs, and added shrill hurrahs to the general acclamation, and the band thundered out the National An- them. Then the Prince was taken to see the ripple-boxes, tho, eight batteries of stamp eis, anel the steam-engine ; after which his ideas respecting quartz-crushing derived from descriptions _iven him at the Prince of Wales claim on Ballarat, and the Ajax Reef at Castlemaine, Yvere somewhat confused by a' noYV elescription, to which was aefded an ac- count of the mine-IIOYV it was Yvorked at different levels, the chief of which were at a depth of 400ft. and 500ft. ; how the former 1 Yvas worked by the regular steam gear, and l the latter by hydraulic pressure, caused by 'Yvater pumped f 10m the higher level at the ¡rate of 1,000 gallons per hour, and afford ling a pressure of 1001b. to per square inch ; and how shifts Yvere arranged and the gold carried "with the smallest amount of loss to its final home in the retort. The Prince, having seen the quartz crushed, the process of amalgamation, and all the varied means hy which the precious metal is ex- tracted, Yvas next invited to witness the hist scene of ali. A huge retort was taken red hot from the furnace, and Yvhen opened, and the spectators had elone sneezing because of the strong mercurial fumes, there was seen to lie at the bottom of the vessel the rich do posit-a cake of gold weighing some 300oz. Curiosity satisfied by this view of the real riches contained in the grey and mottled quartz that lay about, giving small token of their real wealth, the Hoyal party retired to change their diess anel descend the shaft. When the Prince re-appeared, equipped in a scarlet shhtand otherwise completely pre- pared for his descent, the delight of the spec- tators was immense, and their cheering pro- portionately prolonged. One enthusitu,tic old laély, utterly unable to control her emo tions, patted him on the back, crying " Well done, Prince,"-a compliment taken good hum ouxcdly enough. Then the party de- scended, some safely ensconced in the "cage,'' anel others recklessly balanced on the Yvatcr tank, butwithout damage, or these lines would never have seen the light, and Geelong would have mourned the loss of its mayor, agentle 'man YY'IIO, having never seen the mines before, endeavoured now to hiake up for all foicgoing omissions. The first stoppage was at the 400ft. level, the visitors exploiiitg some of fuie few thousand feet of tunnels cut in Older to tear ftom its narrow bed in a rift between two" primeval locks the lead of quartz that, cie ever human history began, sttrgeel and sputtereel and rolled in its red hot flux, fresh from the fierce fires that fused it Yvith the golden metal. Terrible those 'locks looked in the dim vista of candles, betraying tiaees of the forces employed to make the passage, for, unlike the alluvial mines of Ballin at, the tunnels were compara- tively dry, and the timbering consisted of little moro than'uprights and cap-pieces, Yvith a fcYv laths heio and there. The Prince and his foUoweis next pursued a perilous de- scent of upright ladders to tho lowest lovel of nU, and there His Royal Highness wits gooel enough to take up a driving pick and try his hand at the hardest woik the gold-miner knows, a compliment Yvhich the Yvoikmen employed appreciated so highly as to make tho cavernous lanes re- verberant with their cheers, intended to de- clare the Prince to be a " worthy pioneer.1' But tlris threading of dripping passages, whore treading was slippery at bost, and a mis-stop followed hy the immersion of the foot into a deep puelelleof sticking sludge, soon proved|unpleasant, and so tho Prince, rising to the 400ft. level, YVOS conducted to a cavern, where champagne was frothed, the inevitable soda water popped, and a fow toasts Yvero drunk. As a sort of final' coup, tho pro- prietors of the mino hero presented tho Piinco with a trophy of their mine, enclosed in a box inlaid with nearly a hundred piecos of local Yvoods, anel manufactured on Sand- hurst. The trophy YVOS a collection of curious specimens fiom the mine, arranged in a cono, some rich in gold, but all exhibiting in a curious woy the presence of various minerals- iron pyrites, antimony, bismuth, &c.-which; being obtained at so great a depth havo a more than usual interest to the geologist. Throughout his journey ings beloYv the surface tho Prince ovinced a strong and meritorious desire to master the leading facts in connexion Yvith golden quartz-mining; and as a îoward ho was, diicetly ho emerged into upper air, photo gtaphed from head to foot by the assembled "artists" of the district. VISIT TO THE PIONEER CRUSHING WORKS. Eager to disentangle the whole mystery of extracting gold from quartz, the Prince, unsnted Yvith the vast store of infor- mation ho had gained, first by his eyes, anti, secondly, by the lucid explanations alToidoil by the proprietors of the mine, mid alternately by the mayors of Melbourne and Sandhurst, proceeded to Long Gully, in order to inspect Mr. M. E. Koch's Pioneer Crushing Works, YY'hich nrc among the largest in the colony. These, works arc hot asso,-' dated with any mine, but are established for public crushing ; and as the charges are lnotle- * rate, the process expeditious and economical, I they are popular, and command much custom. ' They include twelve batteries of four heads, "each driven by tvyotstcam-engines-rone of fifty, and tho othertof thirty-four horse-power ' -and crush, on an average, COO loads, of one and a half tons each, per week. The premises ; are spacious, and there being great necessity ' for continual inspection, the general arrange- ments arc such that tho visitor has the whole process of reducing quartz to its final state of tailings brought under his view. , A high plat- form overlooks every portion, and here His Royal Higlmess was received', the cynosure of the neighbouring eyes of the assembled ladies and children of the district. He had been previously welcomed by a Royal salute, fired from three, small six-pounder cannon, cast for the purpose at the Victoria Foundry, at the, low cost of five guineas each. Those curious weapons certainly deserve a word or two in passing, being the first of the kind manufactured in Victoria. It is not to be supposed that they had been turned inside so as to' be fit for the discharge of ball, but such as they were' they kooél fire well, and were cxpeditiously served by the gunners, who just did their work as seemed to them best, unfettered by all the niceties which dis- tinguish the operations Of the regular ar- tillery. It may fairly be doubted if ex- perienced artillerymen would have had any- thing to do with cannon of such irregular make ; but ignorance was bliss, and the men who loaded, and primed, and fired (by means of bara of iron heated in a perforated nail keg) seemed to have no idea of the risk they ran, and would have fired' any number of salutes but for the heat of the metal. A Royal Prince does not come to the digging!: every day, and at such times one need not be so very mee. By the time the salute was complete the proceedings were half over. and Mr. Koch bud shown to his illus trious visitor how the quartz was "stuffed,' ground to pieces, " cleaned out," re torted through leather; and finally n re- torted mass of lOOoz. from Bullock Creek quartz was exhibited. As before, the Prince was very exigent in his inquiries ; and to the delight of the spectators, concluded his staj by drinking success to the works in a biimpei of champagne." ne next''started for Eagle hawk. , The day was now at its hottest, and travel ling was dreadfully hard ; but delay onlj made matters worse, and carriages and eseor went on at a tremendous pace, their progrès: marked by a thich cloud of bright red dust Tho triumphal arches of green at Johnson's Reef, at American Reef, at Canifornia Gully and at Job's Gully, almost lost their colou under the thick layers of .dust, and that thi road was full of passengers-men, women and children, pressing on to see the hero o the time-was the highest tribute of loyalty i devoted people could pay. After a couple o miles and more had been passed, the house thickened, and here and there gardens variée the dreary prospect of White and red upturned baking in the sun, and gum-suckers heavil; trailing their dried branches ; and Englohawk onCe the richest gully for alluvial working th* world has ever known in these later times appeared in sight. * A mass of heads surged ii the distance, horses and vehicles dashed nindi; about, hats waved, and the Royal corlé;/ swept upan avenue of cheoringschool childrei to the town haU of the borough. THE VISIT TO EAGLEHAWK. The Duke's visit to Sandhurst would hav failed of part of its object had it terminate! without a trip to the borough of Eaglehawk which embraces a most important portion c the mining district of Bendigo. A brief in spection of this locality would be sufficient t convince even a casual observer of th existence in times past of the uneeiualled ox tent of smfnee diggings which used to bu th boast of Bendigo. But the gullies which usei to swann with pick- and-shovel men ar almost deserted, and "Fait" is inscribed oi most of them as plainly as the word "Wei come" on the arches beneath which thcPrinc passed to this part of tho second great gold field of the colony. It must be remembered however, that the shallow sinking has to great extent been replaced by quartz-mining which is carried on with all the scientifi appliances known for the extraction of gold and the tall chimney slacks which com within view at almost every turn attest th presence of valuable mining plants, consistai of the best and costliest machinery for th separation of the gold from its matrix, The preparations mado for the receptio: of the Prince in the borough were of th customary kind. Several arches of an un pretending character had been erected on th line of route, and the whole ncighbourhoo was prodigal in its display of bunting. Ever large mine had its own little demonstratio of flags, and some of the houses had the of recorded dresses of green leaves. Opposil the town-hall there was an arch of a moi meritorious description, and in the body < the town the decorations were neither fe nor far between. It was only after repeate squabblings between the boroughs of Sam hurst and Eaglehawk, that arrangomen were completed for the Prince to visit ti latter town at all ; and after al), the recej tion here can be described as none other tha a failure, though it must be admitted thi the Eaglehawk Council laboured under grei elisadvantages in striving to do what the had not time to complete. The mayor an borough council proposed to meet the Duli at the Eaglehawk boundary at two o'clock, 1 greet bim with the National Anthem, sungl 2,000 school children, present him with s address.'and then conduct him to the toivi hall, where he was to take some refrcshmci pi ¡or to setting out for the Catherine Reef Company's mine. Tho Prince, howove upset theso arrangements by arriving an ho earlier than the expected time. The Hoy party drove from the lost claim visited in ti Sandhurst borough right up to the Eagl hawk town-hall without stopping, ai lighted upon the council and burgesses they were busy organising their processio The children were just getting in order start with various local bodies, when t Royal cortcijc dashed up. Immediately on his arrival, the Princo iv conducted through the town-hall to a i tiring-room {having first expressed a desi that his cavahy and police escort, which w thickly coated with red dust, anti half sufl catctl by the heat, should be well look after), and was engaged for:somc time in i moving the travel stains contracted on t way. On re-entering the hall an address was p: sented to His Royal Higlmess by the may (Mr. Letheby), the town clerk (Mr. Tolhurst) reading the document, M follows : " To His Royal Highness Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, &c.; " May it please your Royal Highness, "We, the mayor and council of the 1 rough of Eaglehawk, approach your Ro* Highness with assurances of our devot loyalty to the Throne and person of jo august parent, Her Majesty Queen Victor and respectfully offer to your Royal Higlnn our warm congratulations upon your si an i val in this poition of lier Mitjest dominions. " We trust that your Royal nighnoss v deign to observe, not without interest, t evidences of that prosperous industry, love Jaw and order and loyalty, by which t great gold-mining district we represent 1 ever boen distinguished ; and, in conclusa we beg your Royal Highness to believe ti your visit to Eaglehawk will always be gra fully remembered, mid to accept our carn wishes for your health and happiness, . "CHAS. LETHEBY, Mayor. "HY. E. TOLHURST, Town Clerk.' His Royal Highness then sat down te lunch provided in the town-hall. The ma; presided, with the Prince on his right n ' t , the Hon. Mr. Sullivan on hjs left. The company included the Hon. Captain Mac- Mahon, Mr. Butters, mayor of Melbourne; Judge Skinner, Mr. McLachlan, P.M.; Mr. Warden Mollison, Messrs. Burrowes, Casey, and Burtt, M.L.A.'s; Mr. Johnson, mayor of Geelong; and the Rev. Dr. Backhaus. There Yvere a few hastily erected decora-J tions in the hall, and some ladies occupied | a laiscd platform at tho hack of the chair- man. "With the exception that there was good Yvine to drink, and a little fruit on the tables, the luncheon YVOS as great a delusion as the banquet at which Banquo's ghost sits down at a íepresentation of Macbeth in a second-rate theatre; and if there ¡Yvas not time to prepare anything superior, it would surely have been better to have simply invited the Prince to tako a glass of Yvine. The toast of "The Queen" having been given, the' company separated, and the Duke Yvas i shortly afterwards on his Yvay to ancighbour- > ing mine. < . THE PRINCE AT THE CATHERINE REEF COMPANY'S MINE. The Royal cavalcado swopt post the town hall beneath a broiling sun, and through a thoioughly dust-impregnated atmosphero, at about two o'clock; en route for the Catherine Reef Company's quartz mine, where the Prince saw abundant evidence of the extent to Yvhich scientific mining is carried on in tho district. This mine, Yvhich has two miles of drives, lins been Yvorked ina veiy cnteiprising man- ner for some six years, and ninety men are noYV employed in it. Since the formation of the company, 118,228 tons of quartz have been crushed, from Yvhich the yield has been 3l51,09Doz. 17dYvt. Mgr. ; and no less a sum than £31,300 bos been paid in dividends. The main shaft is 430 feet deep, and the sur- face Yvorkings aie of a. very extensive cha- racter. The Prince Yvas îcceived at tho mine by the board of dircctws, consisting of Mr. D. C. Sterry (chairman), and Messrs. Burrowes, Latham, Cook, and Farnsworth, with Mr. Eyre, the excellent mining manager. His Royal Highness at once cxpiôssed his deter- mination to go beloYv, and,this intimation Yvas i cceivcel by all concerned with the utmost satisfaction, for the furnace heat of the sun, leilectcd fiom the sandy desert oil around, had by this time become simply unbearable. The Royal patty Yvith joyful alacrity selected a suitable garb for the underground journey from about a scoie of now suits of digging appin el provided by Hie directors. This precaution, howover, proved quite un- necessary, as the woikings are dry, and the Yvhole party might have passed through the Yvell-lit galleries of the mino in dress suits ivithout much fear of damage to their clothing. i The mouth of the shaft as the Royal party descended YVOS crowded with spectators, even ladies îemoisely risking their complexions in the glare of tho sun in their eager elesire to Yvitness the novel appearance presented hy His Royal Highness and suite in the various inipiovised dresses they chose to adopt for the occasion. Some Yvere turbaned like the Turk, with large towels in lieu of hats ; no two people weie dtcssed alike, and the effect Yvas altogether moi o picturesque than elegant. The cage took down five at once- three linked together, like tiussed foYvls, in the interior, and two clinging to the chains at top-and Yvith a facilis descensus unpleasantly sugges tiY'O of sbadesbeloYV, tho box sliddown through successive stiata of refieshingly cool ail until the mouth of the shaft looked not much bigger than 'the top of a teacup, and a a slight grating sound announced thal lerra firma had been reached, though in the bowels of the earth, at No. 3 level (the loYvest but two in the mine), Yvhich i< 226ft. from the surface. After a ramble through an almost interminable gallery, well-timbered and lighted with rows ' of candles all the way through-or some would have been lost in the labyrinthine windings of the drive-the party arrived al what appeared to be the farthest end of the tenace, a distance of many hundred yards from the bottom of the shaft, and hore His Royal Highness at once commenced opera tions on the hard face of the wall, with a pick specially maele for him. It could be seen bj the dim light of the candles that the party as- sembled in this corner of the mino, in addition: to the Prin.e, consisted of Mr. Yorke, one oi two officers of the Galatea, tho mayors ol Melbourne and Sandhurst, Mr. Skinner, Judge of the Court of Mines; Mr. Eyre, Messrs. Sterry, Burrowes, Latham, and Cook, Mr. J. Tipper, and one or twe otheis. The Prince struck out at th< quaitz with a muscular arm, but the disloya stone íesented the bloYV, and soon a streair of blood which Yvas coursing over nis Boya nighness's forehead attesteel the hardness o: the stuff which had come down upon him Nothing daunted, however, His Royal High ness redoubled his exertions, using his imple ment with more freedom than could be ox pected from " a new chum," and presently t laige parcel of mica-speckled stone cann tumbling fiom the îoof of the drive inte Mr. McIntyre's hat, which YVOS held to cato! it, and if that article of attire was not t shocking bad one before the operation I certainly was in that condition afterwards The next time n leceptacle YVOS required, tin batteied bell-topper gave YY*ay to a candle-bo: piovidcd by Mr. Butters, and soon tin Prince Yvas in possession of a quantit; of stone Yvhich sparkletl Yvith a lustn moic exhilarating to look upon than tim of mica. A gad, driY-en into the rock b a sturdy miner, loosened more stone, fror which His Koyal Highness picked som nice specimens, ttansfeiring one to his Yvaisl coat pocket YY itli an air that seemed to say i ,Yvas too good to lie in the box unguardce Meanwhile, Mr. Yorke hail been the leade of another patty of fossickers, who ha not been altogether unsuccessful in thci seaich for the precious metal, and the tw collections of stone were placed together fe lemovalto the surface. After a playful it quiry as to whether the Princo and Mr. Yorke were "hatteis" or "mates" in ti: tiansaction, and a jocular decision i favour of the former VÍOYV of the allege paitneiship, the party, YVIIO had been t .Yvoik the best pott of an hour, move off to another portion of the gallery, and YVÍ engaged thcro for some timo eliscussiii cigois and cognac. The severity of ti Prince's lnboui s was shoYvn by the pcrspin tion which burst in drops from his fac though the drive Yvas cool enough ; but Yvas evident that he enjoyed tho Yvho thing amazingly,'and the miners pronounce him " a brick." At the sideboaid, Mr. Sterry proposed the henlth of the Prince, anel H Royal nighness, in leturn, gave "Success ! the minc." In i espouse to the toast, "TI diicctors and manager," Mr. Eyre said 1 Yi-as glad to find His Royal Highness hi proved the mine ip be so rich, and hopi that he Yvould bring further good fo lune to the company. A statt was tin made for the shaft, though somewhat i luctnntly, as a genernl impicssion pievaili that this drive YVOS just then tho only cot foi table place in Sandhurst. Royalty YV again compelled to sit doubled up in the ca like a capital N, and in a few minutes ti whole party YVOS again in the blazing heat a Sandhurst suinmei's afternoon. The Dul intimated, as he had not time to inhpect t surfneet Yvorkings and see tho stone he hi knocked out crushed, that he should car away Yvith him tho box of specimens, ai keep the pick Yvith Yvhich he procured their; The Royal party immediately returned Sandhurst, escaping the toYvn of Etiglchav hy a bye-road. As tho cavalcade moved o the ill-fated councillors of the borough we tin own from their four-horse carriage, Yvhl struck against a stump, breaking the ax, tree, and at this moment their discomfit« at the various mishaps of the day must ha been complete. 