A MINER'S LOVE STORY. Kelly Glover was the prettiest lass in the pit village.. Her eyes were of the sweetest blue ; fc^r : cheeks were like a rose ; . and vyou might have thoughti?er,^rown jtjiairwasjthe finest siik^Thetj she i, figure'li^? a fairy, it was so. trim ; and with, a waist you could almost span. l^loved^SMu^ but^ as for that, all the young chaps in the village were of the same mind, and she might have had her pick of us: the worst of it was, she treated as all alike and wouldn't look at one more than another. She had a smile for everybody, and was always good tempered, but there it ended, and, .somehow, none of us could «crew up courage to try her further. I don't know how often I thought it over. It came into my head the first thing in the morning, and there i t remained the last thing at night, - when it either Isept me awake, or haunted my .dreams., At last it took possession of me. No matter where I was, digging, or blasting, or tunnel ing ; above ground, or down in the pit; my thoughts turned on Nelly, and from being the merriest fellow in the village, I just came to he the dullest. One morning there was no work in the pit for ^my gang, because the viewer wanted that part of the seam shored up, and it struck me. all at once, that I would have it out with Nelly, so X made myself smart, and set off, walking as brisk as if it was a wa^er. You may think it conceit in me, but lean sa£ that I was then as clever a chap to look at as you would often see and I knew it! For all that, I began to walk a bit slow when I caught sight of Mrs Glover's cottage, a&d; I felt a dread at my heart. But X 'went oo, and I just got up to the cottage, when who should come out but Nelly herself. She nevei^looked prettier than at that minute ; but appearing so suddenly, she dashed my spirit, and I hadn't a word to say to^ her. "Why, Charley, what is the matter?'1 she cried in a frightened sort of way. " Well, it is just this,1' I said. And there^ I stopped. " jg anything wron^ with Jack ? ' she cried, quickly. if Jack !" " Yes, be is down in the pit, and they say it is foul, which makes mother and me uneasy. You haven t heard anything ?" And she looked in my eyes as if she would stare me through. "No no?''I answered, steadying, now that I thought I could comfort her. He is all right. You mustn't mind what the old womeg of the village say, or you'll be looking ^for a blow up ievery day in the year, when there is nothing more than common. I haven t come to you about Jack, Nelly; it is about myself." She gave me another . look. now, then her cheek flushed up like a flame, and her eyes turned away. Do you know what I want to say, Nelly?" J went on. ''I wish you did, for I can't tell it: it is more tlfan I have got Words for. How X love you, how- you are always before me, how I am crazed, and mad about you! But though I can t say all I ■want to, here I stand, and I wouidn t change with a king, if you take me as I am I ^ Ah, j Charley! you don't know how you pain me," she answered. " Don't say that, Nelly. I dbubted about speaking to you, but* now that • I have done it, now that I can't go on deceiving myself, if you have any pity in your heaft, show it to me, and I will cheerish you to the day of my death." ■" It is no use," she replied, " I can never marry a pitman. I gave the promise to mother and Jack, when we walked up the village at the funeral of my poor father, and brothers, all three killed in the mine—our great sorrow, which I can never think of without crying." And the tears, it is true, were running down her cheeks, though^ for the minute, she seemed to rjie to be harder than stone. And I seemed turned to stone myself. Xhad no recollection, no feeling, and no sense, and I couldo t have moved a step to save my life. Then it all flashed upon me like lightening. I took a last look at Nelly, dropped my head on my breast, and, without a word more, walked out of the gate. Our village seldom looked bright, no matter how the usun shone, and now I felt as if the sun would never shine again for me, so, as my eye fell on the line of cottages, with the clouds hanging down from above, and nothing round but a waste, I thought I might as well be in my grave as continue to live there. Besides, I should be always meeting Nelly, perhaps lurking about her mother's cottage, and making her as miserable as myself. Why shouldn't T go away, to Yorkshire, or Derby shire, or to the diggings in Australia, for that matter? The notion, if it was good for noth ing more, gave me a little spirit. It turned mythoughts, and I stepped out brisker, going -straight home. I hadn't much to settle there, only to bid good-bye to the folks I lived with, and I soon came out, pack on back, and began my tramp. I stopped at the moor, andlooked back, remembering 1 might never see the place again, and, dismal as I now thought it, with its gaping walls and shaken roofs encumbering the blackened ground, I had been happy there. Not one of those tumbling cottages but would open its door to me not one where I wouldn't meet, a friend. And there I had been born ; it was the spot 011 earth that even in the hour of bitterness, I loved best, and I didn't turn away without dashing my hand on my eyes. I was walking on, when suddenly the air rang with a crash which shook tbev ground. I knew ' what it signified; such sounds deno& but one result in the black country, and, throwing down my pack, I darted off to the pit, with the feelings that animate every miner on such occa f% f-. c sums. It didn't seem a minute before I came to the dust heaps, round the pit's mouth, but some were there before me, and the off-men and the women were rushing up fraip the vil lage in a 'stream. The smell from the pit almost knbcked me back as I c&me; up, and I had to get my breath a little when three or four of us crept upto the mouth and looked down. The explosion had destroyedtbe page, not leaving a stick of it, but it hadn t injured the signal-rope ; hence a means of communi cation remained for any one immediately below. As sbon as I saw this, I set to work to rig a crossbar, and presently had it ready. " Just lower me gently," I said to two banksmen. I may pick up one or two, if there s an}7 near. " You can't go down yet!" cried the viewer. » How many are in the pit ?" " Half an hour ago there was fifty," replied the timekeeper ; " but I am thankful to say they all came up but ten" " An<^ they are lost," said the viewer, " for there will be another explosion dirertlv " "I'll g° down, anyhow," I said, ^oggedly ; £t and if nobody will lower me, I'll inmp down.'' A good many were on the heaps now, men and women—some of the women crying and some praying ; but when I spoke out that way, there was a dead silence. Then two or three called out " Good bye, Chaney God bless you, brave lad." The banksmen lowered me down! and I sank through the pit s mouth. A Davy lamp was tie-l round my waist, and 1 held a rope in my hand, so that I might signal to be hoisted up, if the air became too_foul. But I had no intention of going back till I tiad searched the pit, and seen if there were any alive. One thing, I didn t care about my hre ; I and another, X would have been ashamed to face the folks above without doing something, j so I felt impatient that 'they lowered me at such a snail's pace, and I kept looking down to measure the distance yet to he traversed. The shaft had never seemed so deep to me j before. I strained my eyes into the darkness j below, and saw no bottom ; I glanced up, anil j the gleam of light above grew smaller and; fainter. I scanned the walls of the shaft, and ^ marked only their black bound. But my pro-1 gress was notified by the increase m density | of the air, which began to affect my breathing ,, and; as I went on, I had to shift my face from side to side, to make a little current. At last my feet touched ground. I looked round as I jumped off the straddle, and saw the furnace was out, which put a stop to the ventilation ot the mine, as far as it depended on the bratices, and no air entered but by the shait. Ine stench was overpowering, and from tms and the silence, I gues ed the worst it was plain that the explosion had killed the horses ; for not a sound came from the stables, which were close to the shaft; and what hope could there be for human beings in^a distant part ox the pit? You may be sure 1 didn't stand to make these reflections; they floated across me, and I was working forward before they had got through my mind. I knew the old mine blindfold ; but what with the toul smell, and .what with the gloom, and my shortness of breath, I was seme minutes scrambling to the top of the incline, keeping my arms stretched out, as T went along, to fee, lor any thing in the way. And it was lucky I did, or I should have dashed my head against some empty trucks, and, in the state I was vn, tha* would have finished me. Thus I reached the first gallery, which you could only enter stooping. I pushed open the trap, and went on a few steps, though my davy-lamp was what pitmen call " afire,"—the flame being all blud—and I knew that the atmosphere was so much gunpowder. But I stumbled along : if I wasn't to save any one, it didn't matter what became of myself, and I pleased my sell with the thought that Nelly would hear I had died in the attempt. And then, all at once, it came into my head what she had said about her brother Jack being in the pit. This £a, e my heart such a turn that I quite staggeied, and the prespiration poured from my fore head like water. I rushed forward as it I was mad ; my foot struck something; 1 hent down over what seemed a corpse, and the gleam of the lamp fell on its face. It was Jack Glover. I didn't know whether he was alive or dead, but I caught him in my arms, and with the strength of a giant, and the speed of 'a deer—hardly conscious, hardly breathing—I made a dash for the shalfc. It was easier worTc going back, when you were once in tha main, or horse-road; lor now the shaft was before you instead oi behind; and though you wouldn t think it, this made a wonderful difference m the light. Dark as pitch it still was, though not to a pitman's eyes, and I found out that Jack breathed when I reached the shaft. I he discovery nerved me afresh, and kept all my senses at work, without my seeming to know it. I only felt that there would soon be Another explosion. So I nlaced Jack on the straddle, and, taking the cord from my Davy-lamp, tied him hand and foot; then pulled to signal-rope, and as the people abo ve hauled the tackle, and lifted the straddle from the ground, I hung on by my arms ; thus we began to mount the shaft. It wasn t till we had got twenty feet up that I felt the strain of standing on nothing, but from that moment, it became just terrible. My hands seemed ready to snap; the ache in my arms spread through every muscle; my head spun 1 round, and my feet kicked about in agony, i I watched the mouth of the pit till my eyes i swam, and as I reckoned the space between, while my strength waned, and my misery deepened, I thought I must drop,before I reached the top. Then they began to hoist faster. I mustered all my strength ; I tightened my grip of the .saddle, though my fingers were growing numb ; I steadied my' feet, and hardly trusted myself to breathe. I could see the walls of the shaft : I heard voiees, and presently the tackle swung; strong arms caught me round, and I was landed on the bank. They had Jack Glover off . the straddle before you could look round, and lie was carried away, while they raised i my liead and poured a little brandy in my/ mouth. I called out for the viewer. " What is it, Charley Batson ?" he asked, bending over me. " Everybody away from the pit, sir," I said. " You are right,''lie answered; " it will come in a minute or two." They got me to the top of the bank, when I heard a scream, and there was Nelly, trying to throw herself on her brother Jack, but kept back by the other womenfolk. She never glanced round at me ! I wished then that I had stopped in the pit, or let myself drop from the bar, and I came up, and so escaped seeing her again. But I made up Any mind that I had looked on her for the last time. I told my helpers that I could walk now, and when they let go my arms, I turned towards the moor, intending to pick up my pack, and i drag on at least to the next village. But I j could no more walk five miles than I could fly. When I came to my pack, I sank down | by it, and felt that I must give up. I was so I beat, that though there was now another j explosion at the pit, as I had expected, and though it shook the ground under me, I didn't lift my head. All I thought of was stretching out my arms and legs, and lying quiet. How long I lay there I never knew. But, by degrees, I recovered a little strength, and my thoughts took more shape, when I decided to return to m\r old lodging, and have a day's rest before I set out on my wanderings. The day passed, and tho night, and the next day, and I was still in bed, the good folks tending me like a child. My limbs, which had been racked with pain, now felt easy, and I was ready for a start again. But | I thought there would be opposition, so got j up very quiet, and was putting on my things, j when the room door opened, and, to my j wonder, in came Jack Glover. " Hilloa, | Charley, here we are !" he cried seizing my j hand, and giving it a hearty squeeze. " Who j would have thought of us two being alive to- j day?" " Well, Jack,'' I answered, " I am j glad for you, but I shouldn^t have cared for j myself." " How's that?" he asked. " Because i I have something on my mind." "You!"! he said, laughing, and giving me a, little ! push. 44 Here, sit down and have a pipe, j and it will go off like the smoke." " I don't I care if I never smoke a pipe again," I said j savagely. " Now I'll tell you what it is,'1 j said Jack; "you've been having a tiff with; our Nelly." " I haven't," I answered, my j cheek burning. " Well, 3rou know best about j that," continued Jack, " but it's what I guess, j because you were seen talking with hei\ and she had a crying fit directly after. And i %/ ** \ when she heard from me that it was you : brought me up from the pit, she fell on my J neck and fainted.'' " Didn't she know it j before?" I asked relenting. " No.'5 " Then ! I'll just tell you all about her and me," I j said. - j I was a long time telling it, but Jack sat j up as if he was listening to a play, or a j sermon at chapel. I gave him a description ■ of Nelly that would have done for the Hue • and Cry: went into all the feelings she had j raised in my breast, told him how I had j watched for her, thought of her, and dreamt I of her : and, finally, recounted our last, j colloquy. Jack never moved a muscle, and not till I stopped for breath did he put in a{ word. " Don't you think you Ye been a little fast, Charley ?" he then said, dubiously. '* How do you mean ?" I answered. " Why, in giving up so. Suppose when Nelly said she couldn't have you, you had put your arm round her waist, and said she must?" This view had never struck me, and rather took me aback. " But there was her promise to you and her mother never to marry a pit man," I urged. " So there was. But did you never hear that promises were made to be broke?" "I can't say but I have,'' I muttered, clapping on my hat. J Where are you going?" said Jack. " You wait here a minute," I replied. With that, I took two strides down the stairs into the road, and hurried off to Mrs Glover's cottage. I stood outside a minute, when I opened the door, and the first thing I saw was Nelly, sitting by her mother, and looking like a ghost—only ghosts never look pretty. She gave me one look, then started up and sprang into my arms. My heart was so full I couldn't speak at first, but I thought that I must do something,* so I slipped my arm round her waist, as Jack recommended. Now I felt sure of her, and of all the happi ness the world could give, and, as my breast swelled proudly, I began to bear a little malice. " Ah, Nelly! if you bad only loved me?" I said. Nelly tightened her arms round my neck. " How happy we might have been!" I continued. 44 Then we can b? Charley," she murmured. "How, Nelly? We can never marry, you know." The little fingers unlocked, and I felt Nelly falling away, but I remembered Jack's counsel, and held on by Her waist. "There's your pro mise to your mother and Jack," I continued; i " how are we to get over that ?" faltered Nelly, as white as a sheet "And what do you-^ay to it, mother ?'' I cried to the old lady. Mrs Glover got up, and took Nelly's hand and put it in mitle. " That's what I say to it," she- said, heartily; " and I know Jack is of the same mind." "And this is what I say to it," I cried giving Nelly a kisr. You won't be surprised to hear that we were married the next week. And now I am the viewer of the colliery; and as for Nelly, she will tell you that, though she has married a pitman, and has her roughs and smooths, like other people, there is no happier woman in the kingdom. 