LOCKED UP. ' By » Jury of Twelve who could nol agree upon a verdict, and passed the night in manu , factoring Christmas Stories. '* Never ! ' said he, ' I'll hold out till I eat my hoots 1 ' That threat, was no joke, let me tell you, for they . were digger's boots, or seaman's boots, or boots made far some 'other particular occupation that seems to I require long heavy boots of especially thick leather. . One look satisfied me that there was a full week's rations in them. We were booked for the night, that was -certain. It was the dissenting juryman who had spoken, - the only dissentient in the twelve ; and, as he uttered the -sentence with which I have commenced, he stretched himself out at full length on his back upon wire of the forms, stuck first one leg then the other up in the air, and regarded the boots in question with no wmall amount of complacency. I was in a nice fix. Bound to be locked up for the might with my ten fellow jurors who had come to the 'unanimous conclusion that the prisoner, whom we -were told ' we had in charge,' waB guilty ; and here was this obstinate recusant with the hoots that wouldn't give in. I should -be locked up and lose a night's rest. That would entail the loss of the next day,' for I should be utterly unfit for anything after being deprived of necessary sleep, and here had I un-; derteken to furnish the Christmas number for the Wail ; the printers had already sent their haunting devilB after me, and I had not only not one single line written, but even the subject matter was as yet -undecided. Oh, how I anathematised those hoots! It was nothing hut the boots caused his obstinacy, and 1 am convinced that if he had worn a pair of sheep skin slippers, or even kangaroo shoes, he would have \- been as tractable as a lamb. As the strength of Sam son lay in his hair, so did the obduracy of that jury man lay in his boots. '? I'll hold out till I eat my boots !' and he seemed capable of doing it too, for the satisfactory air with which he regarded them seemed to say, that there would be good picking left there when our elastic sides and bluchers had utterly disappeared. He was a great big broad-shouldered fellow, stand ing very nearly six feet -in. his boots. I don't know how.be was dressed, I could fix my mind upon noth ing but his boots. They were huge splay-footed, broad-toed, slop- made-hcots, but bulky as they were, they seemed to compres6 his elephantine calves with painful tightness. He had a broad red face, hard- ? featured and wenther-worn, ornamented with a little dab of whisker coming down on each side in a line with the corner ef his mouth, and kept closely trimmed. He was evidently a man there was ne moving, and we all knew it. 'We had retired at 0 o'clock, it was now 8, and it was quite sure that the Judge wouldn't wait muck longer. Of course not — there's a knock at the door. Just imagine the absurdity of knocking at the door, when the door is locked and the key outside in the hands of the person knocking. ' Gentlemen, his Honor the Judge wishes your piesence in Court!' Certainly. He wants his dinner, wants to get away out of that fusty atmosphere, in which the stale fumes of tobacco struggle with that peculiar odour that lurks inevitably about prisons, watchhouses, and lockups, and is met with in a fainter degree in police stations. An odour that crime seems to carry about with it as inseparably as the fox does his scent. ' Gentlemen of the jury, answer to your names.' Robert Gaiith — Here! John Shop herd— Here ! and so on through the twelve. ' Have you agreed upon your verdict ?' No, we hadn't, and what was more weren't likely to. I think the Judge JUGAcU ill lis nilil » Jtiiul *JI JlltjlJJSl bUIIlCJJijlk ds 11 J,p wondered what liitch our obtusiveness could find in so very clear a ease. The prisoner at the bar whom we had in charge gave a long expiration of relief, and seemed to brighten up considerably at the expectation that neither we nor any one else would have him it: charge much longer. The crowd which had attended the Court during the day had thinned of)' to the few persons who barely made a double rani: to line the barricade which divides the bar and bench from the cuter public. Miserable, dilapidated beings they were,' who probably came here because they had no where else to go to, ana because the cover of the Court was preferable to that of the scrub under which their bed was made, or to that of the ruined, deserted, . or unfinished buildings which gave them shelter. The police occupied their several poBts, as bolt upright, as fresh and as prim as they were twelve hours before when they first took their places at 8 o'clock in the morning. The gas, which shed its light over a confined Gpace, only made all the rest of the Court appear glsomy, in . distinct and unreal ; whilst the reporters, who faced us from the opposite oide of the forensic area, .glared over ?- at us savagely, for keeping them-so long from their virtuous homes and pleasant hearths. The one bar ' rister, who sat at the table, and who bad defended the prisoner, nodded approvingly and confidentially when the foreman made his announcement. He wished us to understand that he knew all about it, and ? tfiat he thought us very sharp, clever fellows. The Prosecutor for the Crown had madehiB speech, had -examined and cross-examined the witnesses, and there he considered his responsibility had ended, and he was, no doubt, at home by this time, deep in the enjoyment of the post- prandial wine eup, The whole, scene was depressing, discouraging, and I could hardly refrain from groaning aloud when, looking at us askance, the Judge asked, 'Is there any likelihood, gentlemen, of your agreeing within the next hour or so ? ' ' I am afraid not, your Honor,' replied our fore jnan ruefully, whilst he turned an angry look at the ' W-.e-e-el,' said the Judge, as if thinking the matter over, and then apparently giving it up as hope less, he jerked out, 'Is there any point upon which I can assist you?' ' No, your Honor. W!e ore agreed within one, and . he is beyond all assistance,' and our foreman shot out another fierce glance at the boots. ' I am afraid, then, 1 must order you to he Docked up for the night,' and the Judge evidently pater tained an improved opinion of us. ' If, however, you agree at any time before midnight, you can send down to me, and I will direct your verdict to be taken.' The fiat had gone forth. We filed nut of the jury box. I heard the glad voice of the crier calling out, ' Clear the Court 1 ' for that flat released him, whilst it had imprisoned ue. There wag a shuffling of feet, £pd a - sound of voices, as the dilapidated visitors crept away to their nooks and corners, and soon we twelve were left alone and locked or. 'My dear Sir,' began Mr. Snelling, when the door was finally closed upon us. ' My dear Sir, th listen to reason. If you have doubtB upon any point, 1 can satisfy you by quoting the very words of the wit nesses !' 'I haven't no doubts,' said Smith, Robert, farmer, the obstinate one who was the cause of our -detention, ' and I ain't a going to give in, no, sot if I have to- ? ' and he looked down at hie boots, but was prevented from concluding by the deprecating motion of his interrogator. j 'But, look here — -'said one; and ' Don't you i ?see this——' eaid another; and -so on, until a heavy storm of words arose that made the room ring again. One by one -my brother jurors made their attack upon the adamantine owner of the boots, and one by-one they retired beaten and/discomfited. 'It ain't no use; if you talk till to-morrow you won't move me!' said Smith, Robert. Of course they wouldn't. I -knew it, and therefore never tried to do it. All the othera, except poor Struggles, tried ii-oD, and gave up, some in -despair, seme in disgust. Whilst my fellow- jurors are discussing, -or rather are trying their -powers of persuasion upon the one obdurate, let me describe the ' twelve good men and true,' who were here imprieoned, like malefactors, in the custody of the sheriff. To begin, as in duty bound, with our Foreman — Surnett, Francis, merchant, as he was described on the panel, had been nn extensive storekeeper in the interior, but within the last year or two he had gone into the more extensive businese for which the metropolis giveB scope. He was rather tall, of slight but genteel figure, with a shrewd and intelligent cast of features, and with a fluency and correctness of - language rare in the particular walk of life in which , llv wdu llvbt jVilvWll« Taking the other jurors in the order in which they were called, the first was — Somers, Henry, householder. He was something u-,tr fifty, but fresh -and active — neither too thin nor too stout ; he was quiet looking, and rarely spoke, but when he did it wa6 evident he had seen a little of the world, and enjoyed the funny side . of it. Somers had been on a cattle station for many years, and hud knocked about the country as an overlander. He came to New South Wales, so he said, when about 18 years old, and had received up to that time a fair education, being of respectable -family connections. He had made a little money in cattle buying, and was comfortable without being opulent. There was nothing very remarkable about Shop herd, John, produce agent, the second juror. Dozenc of such men may be seen any day in either of the large country towns of this colony, although they are pro portionately less numerous in Sydney. He was -tall and strong, indeed rather heavy and lumbering in his gait, but with something about him which seemed to show that, in case of necessity, he could be active enough. His features were well bronzed, but must have originally been fair, for his beard, which v/as short and thick, was of a light brown. His age might be anything between thirty-five and fifty. His features were in keeping with his person — heavy and dull in their general tone, but with signs of strong latent energy. But there was something in these features — a streak of care, so to speak — which in dicated that he had 'fseen trouble ' of some kind. He was dressed in strong light- coloured tweed, a little the worse for weer, and a good deal soiled, but without a tear or a patch. Starboard, Thomas, master mariner, the third jury man, was a weather-beaten man of middle age. To use liis own peculiar nautical figures, he had gone to sea before he was aB long as a handspike, and had gradually risen from loblolly boy to master and owner of a colonial whaler. Being much troubled -with rheumatism, he had prematurely retired from sea life, and had taken up 6nug moorings in a secluded part of Sydney, where he hoped to remain in peace -until ordered to let slip by the Great Admiral above. .Simpson, Joseph, grocer, was between fifty and sixty years of age. It v/as his boast that he had been brought up to his business from a boy, and that hio father before him had been in the same trade. He was a man of medium intelligence, had received a fair ordinary education, such ub waB given in his youth in common schools, and some years ago had the reputa tion of being a crack cricketer. By those who knew mm m tnose nays ne was spoKen oi as a tine, epirited young fellow; but, for many years past, he had been greatly subdued. He wac now quiet, and ct times taciturn, but by no means -dull, and could upon occa sions be a pretty good companion. In conversation he was plain spoken, but neither vulgar, ignorant, nor flash. He web a bachelor, and his friends were wont ?to twit him wiih -having had his affections blighted in youth. He would answer, smilingly enough, to the jeer, though the sigh that always followed gave un mistakable evidence of the correctness of the charge. Gnelling, Richard, gentleman, the fifth juror, v/as a men of benevolent aspect, and although a first glance . at his countenance would probably give the idea of severity of expression, yet a more lengthened gaze would show the warm glow of an even, happy temper, of a fixed good nature, and of a philanthropic disposi tion lighting up his features, not at rare intervals. In his personal appearance there was nothing outre. He ' had a .polished bald head, just fringed round at the 1 back with thin silvery hair. His eyes were bright.and sparkling, and hardly seemed to need the golden -double eye-glass that dangled from the ribbon round 1 his meek, and that was so frequently applied to them. There was no abdominal protuberance such as would be seen on the bon vivant of -the years -to which the fifth juryman had reached; ox the. contrary, his figure , was essentially that of the gentleman of the old school and would have been .graceful were it .not for the numerous angles caused by the books and papers, i with which his pockets were loaded. He-otook notes of the trial by means of what some of the jurors designated as ' dots and scratches,' but which, alas, I too well knew to be shorthand, at which he was evidently an adept. Hie could tell every point in the case. Contradict him on any question of the evidence and there were the notes Droduced and xead as easilv as the counsel read their briefs, to the utter discom- . fiture of his opponent. He vras essentially of literary tastes and pursuits, and as he stood was e walking library. To prove that the Judge had mis quoted Shakespeare, he produced a pocket volume of the poet ; and from the numbers -of sharp corners that could be seen in pockets contained in - every possible portion of his dress, I really believe that he would have been able to do the same had his Honor misquoted Dr. Watts or. Don Quixote, Re sartus, or Rabelais, or any known work of distinction. He was an indefatigable juror, always constant in his attendance on the Court, in order, as he said, ' to study and contrast the various phases of human life [as described by my favourite authors, not the least sin gular -of which, pardon me if I say so, are to be found in thejwry box.' He was of no occupation specially, but was a keen bosk collector and a steady attendant upon auction sales where books were for sale. 1 He would sell too, as well as buy, but there were no bar gains obtained from his hands ; and it was hinted, from the masses of books be purchased, and from their -subsequent certain disappearance, that he bought up dor some of the large libraries of England or the Con tinent. Of the sixth juror, Smythe, Charles, writing clerk, the lesB that is said the better. ' On their own merits modest men are dumb,' and as the sixth juror happens to be my bumble self, I leave the reader to fancy what a literary man ought to be. He will eee that I belong to the great family of the Smiths, though the name has been aristocratised by that saving ' y,' and by the addition of that final and pride soothing 'e.' Seymour, William, trader, the seventh juryman, was a firm, square set and vigorous young fellow of some eight or nine and twenty years. He was just of the beight and make that give the greatest vigour of nerve and muBcle combined, being about five feet six and equate built in proportion. He had a steady grey . eye, rather sleepy looking until called into play, though even then there was no fire, though there might be any amount of energy, decision, and steadi ness in it. A good humoured countenance, decidedly open and prepossessing, was set off by a heavy mass ofhrown -beard and whisker, sufficient twenty years ego, ' before beard6 became popular, to have secured the adoration of any number of boarding-school misses, and to have frightened crowds of servant girls into hysterics. Somewhat loquacious, he was inclined to be opinionative, but readily gave way before the exer cise of superior will or mental force. -Southgate, John, mariner, the eighth juryman, was one of the old style of Australian natives. Standing fully six feet without his Bhoes, he was, though close upon his fiftieth year, an embodiment of manly power. Ab he stood, he did not. seem anything like bo tall as he was, so well proportioned was the bulk of his body and limbs to his height. He had a calm, steady countenance, with eyes of that beautiful deep blue that is seen only amongst the earlier natives, or corn stalks, as they delight to call themselves. His light brown hair grew thick upon his head, and as yet showed no change towards grey. His face was full, as matching his well-filled figure, but already inci pient lines might be traced in the forehead — lines that in some few years hence would become deep and marked, as though chiselled out of our native iron bark. He had been a seaman, and there were queer stories told of his doings afloat in the ' olden times.' Now, however, the respectability of' old Jack South- ' gate' is undoubted. ' Ihe ninth juryman was a nervous little man, who seemed to be rather alarmed at the ferocity of the veruai conmci wnicn rageu among ms leuow jurors during their discussion. He shrank up against the wall still more closely when an expletive of extra violence met his ear, he started with a gesture of alarm whenever an angry disputant smote the table with more fury than usual in order to enforce his arguments; he looked frightened . and downcast, and as if he were very much dismayed -at the public position in which the Customs of his country had placed him. The ninth juryman was, in point qf fact, one of the weakest and most bashful qf men. He had no opinions of his own upop any subject whatever, and was quite ready tb adopt, without a moment's consideration, the opinions of anybody else. He was mild spoken, with a bald head, large mournful eyes, an irresolute mouth, and a general aspect of dejection. There was appa rent about him a sort of shrinking consciousness that society oppressed him, and that he wa6 a man to be trampled upon, and insulted by his fellcws. There was apparent about him the evidences of failure in the schemes of life, of hopeless struggles against ad verse fortune, of disappointments, of bitter trials and delays. There was apparent about him a childlike simplicity that. could be led into any folly, that could be easily made the tool of designing baseness. You could see at a glance that he was a weak well-meaning little man. You might guess that he had once been well-to-do, and that he had descended through various gradations of misfortune tc some very humble position in life. You would guess that he v/as married ; you would at once decide that -he was henpecked, and without the exercise of any clairvoyant faculty you would probably .predicate that the partner of his joys and sorrows was a strong- minded woman with a shrill voice, a sharp tongue, and a furious temper. The name of the ninth juryman was Struggles.!. «r JJCJi Hint/ JiuiiiL- -Vab flies tallell OilV III l/OUIti -as Struggles, I'eter, shopkeeper, he had nearly] fainted from excessive confueion, and was .almost fined by the Judge for not answering when called. How he found his way into the jury-box he never could remember ; but when there he ensccnsed himself, with a noise and bustle which seemed to him astoundingly awful, in the far comer of the farthest : row. When the oath was administered he was called upon four times before he comprehended that he had to stand up. When the Bible was offered him, he Baid, 'No, thank you — it's of no consequence and when the operation of swearing was concluded, he attempted to pocket his hat, begged the usher's pardon, said he was very much obliged to that func tionary, and sat down in a state of the most abject despondency. , Selford, John, agent, the tenth juryman, was a ; middle-aged man about thirty- five or thirty -six .years of age, though apparently ten or twelve years older ; broad- shouldered, deep-chested, and still alert and strong, but beginning to show that tendency to obesity which comes inevitably between the activity and vigour ofmanhood and the inaptitude and weak ness of senescence. His manner wa6 short and sharp, but kindly witihal (as that of a well disposed, choleric man is often .found to be), and he delighted, obviously, in those abrupt, stinging sarcasms and epigrammatic turns of thought, which are ' won't to set the table on a roar '-—although he indulged in a hearty laugh but seldom. He was prematurely bald (even the great Julius himself could not have been more un becomingly bare on the occiput), but beside his ample forehead— furrowed with deep wrinkles, bronzed with the suns of many a scorching summer, and darkened with heavy cares — a few thin locks of iron-grey hair curled lovingly, reaching round to the back of his well-formed head. His eyes were dull and bloodshot, but as watchful and restless as those of a conscientiously ill-tempered dog ; his nose was long and prominent, and his mouth small and full,-— its exptession being more one of voluptuousness than of firmness or of rigid decorum. He wore no whiskers (properly so called) but had a picturesque moustache, and pointed heard, which made him look not unlike a dark-hued Nineteenth Century Shakespeare. The last Juryman, Smith, Roberts, dairyman, the obdurate and offensive man with the predilection, to eat his boots, has been already sufficiently described ; and needs no further notice at my hands. By thiB time, we have all settled down. I believe Smith — the wretch called me 'Namesake' — to be asleep. Everybody has given up all hopes of him. ' What are we to do ? ' asked our foreman. ' There are only two forms. Smith has one ; South gate the other. The table will accommodate two more. Thus only four can sleep at once. Shall we tell outbsIvcb off into watcheB, or rather into relays of sleepers, and take turns, four and four about, for a stretch. What say you, gentlemen.' I don't know how it was, but a bright thought came upon me, in this my hour of dire necessity. A thought inspired by my good genius. ' Sleep,' eaid 1 with Eastern sententiousnesB, ' is a great institution.. The immortal Sancho has declared ' BlesBedisthe man that first invented sleep ! ' I say, amen ! to that. But for sleep there must be rest of mind and of body, or dreams supervene — nay, hear me out — don't be impatient. We cannot rest here. Hark to the nasal trumpetings of the boots — I mean of Smith. What say you, then, if we make a night of it ? Let us each recount some adventure, some incident, some tale— in fact,' I was obliged to bring it out, ' by which we may aid each other to pass over the weary hours. I have spoken ! ' My proposal waB met with more favour than I, ex- pected. To be sure Mr. Swiddles shrank up within himself to such a degree that he almost disappeared ?when it was stipulated that each juror should bind himself in turd to give a narrative ; and Smith, Robert, snorted more furiously than ever when called upon to give in hi6 adherence to the treaty. Ulti mately, however, all was smoothed over, and now only one thing remained t» be decided — who shouldhegin? Of course every eye was turned upon me, as the conceiver of the grand idea, tittle thinking, how ever, that it was to -make me the possessor of the materials for which I was in vain racking my wearied brain. The foreman, however, regarded me with an eye of pity, and came to my aid. ' No,' he said, ' I think that almost he might be excused, seeing that he has Berved our little community sufficiently by fur nishing the valuable suggestion. But I will not go so far, and will make another proposal : Let the talcs he told in the order in which you, my brother jurors, were called into the box !' One universal cry of ' Agreed ! agreed ! ' broke from all around. ' The foreman,' put in Mr. Surnett quietly, 'has of course the last word, and therefore I call upon you Mr- Somers, to commence.' THE FIRST JURYMAN'S STORY. The Actor in the Bush. If you lay hold of the colonial newspapers, with only two or three exceptions, the first thing .that meets your eye i6 something in connection with crime. A 'Detective's Revelations,' 'The Autobiography of a Bushranger,'' ' The Flogger's Tale,' and so forth, are the subjects on which many of the colonial novelists write. No doubt there is much of interest in the early history of all these colonies — ; much of tyranny, much of suffering, and so fortb^ but the subject is now overdone. What I am abOut to relate you may take as truth — it has a humourous element that will neither 6hock your morality nor engage your sympathy for crime. In the earlier days of this colony -gangs of men were told off for various portions of -a district — some to burn -lime, others to cut slabs, or what are now better known as posts and rails, and some to make nf ft faUirtfrntirTV. \ Tfar-V O/} rn these separate lots of workmen was either one or two overseers, whose duty if. was t/- cpo-tRat the him woiked, and were fed. Nowit was an understood thing between the overseers and the settlers in the district where the road parties were located that one slab out of three ond one bushel of lime out of four wtre the joint property of the men who cut or burned them and the ' cove,' as the overseer was generally termed ; and thus the settler by.paying a small fee either in rum or tobacco — for in those palmy days nobody cared much about money — got his farm fenced all round, and lime enough to plaster the inside of his hut and make a good floor also. This system had reached such -a pitch, however, that matters were reversed, and instead of the Government getting two slabs out of three, it wac the other way ; and, to prevent this state of things, the commandants or others in pov/er issued an order in the laconic Btyie peculiar to the times, as follows : — ' The slab and lime racket must be dropped.' Everybody concerned knew what was meant; it wasn't necessary to attach a schedule of pains and penalties to this short Act of 1 Bob. II., 30. There were no prcvisos or interpretation clauses, no preamble through which a team of bullocks might he driven ; and none knew -this better than these whose fancied rights were now invaded by the eight words thus-sent forth. To express the full effect of that order on those more im mediately concerned, the splitters and burners, is not in my power, but it's something like what a very wealthy man would feel if he waB suddenly told on undeni able authority that he wasn't worth a shilling — or depriving a sot of his morning ' crappcr ' just as he is about to gulp it down — or an inveterate smoker, who has bein going about with an empty pipe fcr an hour trying to cadge a- bit of tobacco, and, having succeeded, breaks hiis pipe just as he is about to. light it — or a half-starv »d gourmand, from under whose nose the viands are suddenly removed as he raises his knife and fork — or a candidate for election to legislative honours who is certain of being at the top of the poll, and having b is triumphal speech ready, finds himself at the bottom — or a newspaper reporter hard-up for a ' hitem,' wl to hears that the 'inevitable unfortunate man' has again broken his neck, and -rushing off to gain the distressing .particulars, meets him quietly sauntering up the street. Something of all this -sort of disappointment, mixed up into one feeling, was the effect of the -Government order on those whom it im mediately concerned. Farewell to rum and tobacco — to the cheering glass and the philosophic pipe — to the ' yarns grim and gory but nevertheless deeply interest ing, told by the splitters as they gathered round the evening stump, graced by the pannikin and the jack shea. Now these fellows, on the whole, were not a bad sort ; they u6ed to work hard for themselves if they didn't for their compulsory masters, and to tell the truth they seldom overstepped the bounds of sobriety, and certainly never were guilty of the orgies that dis graced the sawyers, bullock-drivers, and stockmen of that day. It was no wonder, then, that they felt aggrieved, and determined on dropping down into the lazy listlessness of the Government stroke when at work ; but they were not to be quite done, as a j little splitting and lime-burning on urivate account ! was still carried on. In a district to the north, it isn't necessary that I ' ihould be particular about naming the place — one of fliese gangs waB composed of what were termed in ? those times, 'crankeys' — men not absolutely insane, but /slightly demented — and singular to say, ' the man in whose charge they were placed, frequently belonged to the same class— a little touched on a particular subject, but sufficiently sensible to receive orders and carry them out after a frshion. These men and their cove ' quite under stood the slab business, and wete not so far gone in nental derangement as not to appreciate the ex- i Hlarating qualities of grog and baccy, so you ! -nay believe that they soon took the usual , neans to obtain the same. Now, among all , tie lot; the overseer was the mast remarkable ; and if I attempt a description off him some of you may perhaps recognise the likeness. He was about five feet six inches in height, rather thick set, and always curird his arms with the elbows turned Blightly out he usually held a stick horizontally in his right hand, tie finger and thumb of his left he Invariably thrust into his waistcoat pocket — his penchant for jewellery was only equalled by that of the Indian, and he Storied on each hand two large rings, worth not more than half- a-crotvn ; he had also a massive brass chain round hiB neck, which he always wore outside hii jumper, the ead being attached to a side pocket wish a small hook ; he didn't sport a watch. His bead -was striking — a very high forehead, oyerhnng a re markably short face, a straight noBe, a curved mouth, with thick lips, and. a well-rounded chin V he was quite free from whisker or heard, and of florid com plexion — he had a small grey eye, deeply sunk in the head, from which came an expression of low cunning that 1 never observed in that of any other man ; although he didn't squint he looked you straight in the face with one eye, while with the other he took a general survey of your whole exterior — lm had bIbo a knack of occasionally drawing his mosaic jewelled fingers across his mouth, with the air of a man of large means — he was great, too,' in the choice of double breasted waiBtcoats, and when I last saw him he revelled in one of a Paisley pattern, a huge gold chain hanging from one pocket to the other, to which. a bunch of seals was attached, each large enough to make an impression as big as that to be seen on an insurance policy. I will call him Bunch. Well, the point on which Bunch was cracked waB that he believed himself a great actor, and what tended to foster in him a belief in his Thes pian powers, was that his audience — the men over whom he waB placed — never gave vent to any expres sions of dissent. I was about joining a cattle station at the time I speak of, and it was during my journey to Bigberribee (the name of the station), that I first met with Bunch. I made the camp about 6 o'clock in the afternoon, and Bought a night's rest there. Mv horse wbb turned into a paddock, and my hoBt then invited me to share his hut and grub. ' Sir,' said Bunch, ' may I have the honour also of your company thiB evening I — aw — intend having a Thespian entertainment by moonlight, and shall be delighted to give you a stage box.' I saw at once that my host was a character, and having expressed my satisfaction at finding that Shakspeare was not forgotten in far distant Austra lia accepted the invitation. During the time we were disposing oi the tea and damper, Bunch made fre quent references to Lord this and Earl that with whom he said he had been on intimate termB in Eng land, and ran through a string of great actors whom he had patronised. I inquired the play for that evening, and was informed that ' Othello' had been selected. ' We have no scenery,' said Bunch, 'beyond that provided by nature, and we cannot, my dear sir, have better. 1 look upon the introduction of scenery as a great innovation ; it distracts the attention ef the audience; — my idea of an actor is thathe should con vey to his audience all notions of the locality in which the play is supposed to occur, and that he should impersonate all parts himself; such an one will you behold to night.' I was a tittle confounded bb to how my friend would manage with Othello, who is usually represented as a nigger ; but to great minds nothing is impossible, so I tit my pipe and awaited the coming of the hour when the play was to begin. The moon was well up when day closed in, and about 7 o'clock (for it was then winter) the audience, consisting of the crankeys before spoken of, were ranged on the grass in front of the overseer's hut, and a log was placed at one end for my especial use. Before I pwceed to describe the performance I must relate a circumstance that will be found to have some connection with Bunch while on his imaginary stage. A few months before the night of which I am speaking a couple of young fellows who had lately arrived from England, and had embarked in station property, stopped, as I did, at Bunch's hut. They had a bottle of spirits in one of their saddle-bags, and from what I afterwards learned they gave a glass or two to the men who attended to their horses— in the morning these young gentle men departed ; about a week afterwards Bunch walked over to the station on which they were settled, and desired to see them. As soon as he did so he said, 'I am very sorry, gentlemen, to inform you that you have made yourselves amenable to the law ; you may remember that a few weeks back you gave some spirits to two men of my splitting party; this is expressly forbidden, and I have received a warrant for your arrest.' The new chums (for they must have been such) were astounded at the announcement, and as a journey of fifty miles would then seriously inconvenience them, they asked Bunch whether there was any possibility of arranging the matter. ' Yes,' he said, 'you'll be fined five pounds, that's certain. If you pay it to me, I'll pay into court for you.' The young men were delighted to get rid of the 'matter in this way, and paid over the money at once, Bunch giving a receipt for it, and signing himself ' Chief Constable of Wolligal.' Unfortunately for him this receipt found its way to the police magistrate of the district, and the sequel will appear at the end of my story. Well, as I Eaid before, the audience were all pre pared every type of deformity was -among them — — humpbacks, broken knees, bandy legs, Tme-byed ona no-nosed ; my interest, however, wa6 cen tered in the performer, whp appeared with one-half his face blackened and the other its natural colour — this at all events was a new idea. He commenced at the third act, and as Othello or Iago spoke, he turned the black or white side of his face to the audience ; he went en for some time and his hearers , mt.de no 6ound ; at last he broke forth — ' If you ddh't applaud every five minutes. I'll stick a double dose of a oi k or. to you to-morrow.' Demented as they were the fellows understood this, and they gave him plenty ot it. Some time after the performances commenced I observed two horsemen coming in the direction of the but, but Bunch was so absorbed with his repre sentation — he had now got to the fifth act — that he either did not see or took no notice of them ; not so the others, as the new comers drew near enough to be recognised I saw a tittle commotion among the men seated beside me, then they nudged each other, and at last I overheard the exclamation, 'Here's the boss, cheese it ; ' my Thespian host techno notice but went on with his denunciation of Desdemona's supposed inconstancy — gradually the crankeys rose on their legs and closed in on him as he presented now his black and now his white face, a course which he attri buted, I imagine, to the effect his histrionic genius had on their excited feelings rather than the true cause ; at length one of them got suffi ciently ntar to exclaim in Bunch's hearing — 'Stop it — don't you see the Cove.' At this moment Bunch saw the new arrivals, and must have been sensible that he was discovered, for he exclaimed, ' Cove or no cove I Kill- smother Desdemona, for come what Gove may, time- and the hour runs through the rough est day.' The fact was the two persons on horse back were officials ; one was the district inspector of these gangs and the other a constable. '?But, '' exclaimed one of the juryman, ' what about the slabs and the £5.' ' That, ' 6aid Somers, ' is the end ot my tale.' ' A couple of days before the events I have just narrated occurred, one of the young fellows who had ?bean imposed on by Bunch dropped his pocket-book in a punt when crossing a river that ran between his station and-the settlement or town. It was picked up by the man-in charge, who did as many others would have done, opened it and went over its contents— among other : papers the receipt given by Bunch for the £5 was wrapped up. Now this puntman had a grudge against the great actor, and knowing that the paper represented a swindle he posted off to the F.M. of the district, and placed it in his hands. The young squatter -was a visitor at the magistrate's house, and of course the truth of the matter eame out at -once. The inspector and constable I Bpoke of before were sentoff Co bring my host down to answer the charge, and they it was who interruptod the Moor's little game. 'Bunch,' eaid the- inspector, 'send these men to their quarters, I want you inside.' ' Yos, sir,' replied Bunch with a most obsequious bow. Turning to me the official said, ' What are you doing heier' ' I am on my wey to Bigberribee station, and have obtained permission to stay here to-night — my host Mr. Bunch, kindly provided a little intellectual as well as prandial entertainment for me, at a part of -which you were present.' ' Oh yea,' replied the inspector, ' that fellow's up to every dodge ; now when he saw me he was olever enough not to stop his antics, because he was aware I had bowled him eut— there's more R. than F. about him, and so you'll see presently.' With this we both walked into the hut— it was then about 9 o'clock. The inspector informed Bunch thathe was to Droceed to the settlement e-.r., -i.. morning with the constable, and the sub would take charge of the men. Having delivered his orders to this effect _ the official got on his horse and rode away, I believe, to a farm about seven mileB off. It is -scarcely necessary for me to tell you that my friend Bunch was taken all Aback by this unlooked for finale to his Shaksperian triumph. He gave the constable tea and the usual fere, beef and damper, but eaid nothing. The constable and myself entered into conversation for a short time. Bunch lit his Sipfc, took a seat by the fire, and elowly puffed away, [e seemed musing on the strange course events often take in the life of s man ; his brow was thought ful, and though he could not do otherwise than fear some impending danger, there waB « placid expres sion in his/ace that told me I was in the presence of no ordinary philosopher. He seemed to yield with unassuming fortitude to the misery of his situation ? deprived of brief authority and his audience at one stroke. At length he turned his piebald face, 'and, fixing his deep grey eye on the sleepy' conrtable - beside himf in a voice just audible, said, — ' Is it slabs, old man ?' 1 ' Don't know,' said Brown, for that was the-'con- ' stable's name. Then followed another ten minutes of silence, broken only by Bunch rising from his seat, putting his right hand into the bosom of his jumper, taking two or three measured strides upand'down , the hut, and resuming his seat. The stillness was again.broken by Bunch exclaiming — 'Lime.' ' * ' Don't think it,' said Brown. ' Beef.' A quiet allusion to cattle slaughtering — a little freak these people 'sometimes indulged in to get fresh meat. Havn't heard, ' replied the constable. ' Ah, then it must be rations.' This last conclu sion was the result of a system of cribbing flour by the ounce from the daily rations of the men,' and selling it to tbe settlers — as at that time all flour waB imported into tbe district. To all his inquiries Bunch could not .elicit the cause, of his being summoned so abruptly .to the presence of ihe magistrate. He had too forgotten to wash the black from his face, and aB a consequence, it had become more Othello than Iago. TVe all re tired to rest, and next morning Bunch and the con stable left for the settlement, and I pursued the very uneven tenor of my way. I met him some years after in Sydney, as gaudily dressed as it was possible for a man to be while preserving the prevailing fashion, and pursuing the avocation of an itinerant timber merchant. ' Ah,' said Southgate, ' 1 think I remember your friend. He often amused me with his street vagaries, and once I bought a bottle of his panacea for toothache for two-and-sixpence, which nearly burnt the roof off my mouth.' ' I thank you for the compliment in calling him ' my friend,' ' replied Somers. ' However, he was a friend to me on the evening I mention; and you know, or ought to, that travellers in the bush here, when they make a station or hut, don't stand on ques tions of birth, education, and general good breeding — a pot of tea and a slice of damper is more to the point at such a time than is that of being told by a descendant of William the Conqueror, Fenelou, or Chesterfield, that 'Mr. Ferguson can't lodge here.' But I see Mr. Shepherd is getting the cobwebs out of hiB throat, so I will tight my pipe and listen.' THE SECOND JURYMAN'S STORY. Lawyers and Clients. The only story which I can tell you will be one which has been many a poor man's story as well as mine. I dare say you have all heard about the two men who went to law about an oyster, and how their lawyer settled the case by eating the oyster and giv ing them a shell apiece. This was just what hap pened once to myself and a neighbour of mine when I lived down in Itiawarra, about seven or eight years years ago. I had as nice a little farm in those days as any in the country. It would grow anything. But dairy produce was high, and all the people thereabout did n: ore with their cows than with anything else. Dick Hawley had a farm nearly as good, which ad joined mine. Our places were separated on one side by a creek which was always running, more or less, and which had at most seasons a couple of fine water holes in its bed. Dick and I had managed very well for a good many years, getting as much water as we wanted for ourselves and our cattle without any difficulty. But a few times, when the weather was unusually hot and dry, the big holes had been almost empty for a week or two at a stretch, and we had been obliged to be careful while this state of things lasted. During one of these dry times a Sydney surveyor came down ' to our neighbourhood for a holiday, and wanting to do a little in the sporting way was recommended to Dick as one who could put him up to a thiiig'or two. Dick.was always ready enough either to shoot or to fish when he could get a good companion, and 60 they went at it together, with gun and line, in the bush and on the lake, for two or three days. The surveyor — I won't mention his.name for perhaps he may be a friendof oneofyou, gentlemen — stoppedatDick's.every night, and of coursetook a good look about thefarm. Among other things he squinted along the creek, and having got Dick to shew his title deeds, declared his belief that I had no right to use either of the water holts, but that they were both inside oi Dick's proper boundary line. This surveyor chap tried to persuade my neighbour to have the line pegged out and to make me pay something handsome for the ufce of the water. Dick demurred at the expense, but the other offered to do it extra cheap out of gratitude for Dick's friendly help in the fishing and shooting way. Dick, however, was not a bad sort of fellow, although a little quarrelsome now and then, and I don't think any harm would have come of the surveyor-tellow's mischief-making talk;- but for a bit of a row which Dick and I had shottly afterwards when we were taking a glass together. He told me what had been said about the boundary line in a manner which shewed that he firmly believed it to be true, and that he thought 1 owed him any amount of gratitude for not insisting on his rights. Now it so happened that I had not only seen the tine marked out but had helped to do it, and so I laughed at Dick's pretensions. One word brought on another, end he went off in a rage, swearing that he would have the thing set right, and that 1 should laugh at the other side of my mouth before long, Sure enough I very soon found it was no laughing matter. Dick's surveying friend and his men were set to work, and after the usual quantity of eight taking and chaining, made it out, according to their notions, that I had no right to go within a couple of iods ? of cither of the water-holes, I did not think much of the skill of these fellows, but Dick was of a different opinion, so I hed to get a surveyor of my own. This new man measured and took sights just as the other had done, but with a very different result, for he declared that my line ran just on the outside of the water holes ; so then both of them were on my farm. Dick and. I each ; swore by his own surveyor, so that there was no ; chance of our agreeing ; but at length, by the advice ; of our friends, we got a third man to decide between : them. According to him, they were both wrong, and ' the proper line was pretty much what we had always i supposed it to be, although a little more in my favour, j But-by this time there were rather heavy bills to pay, I and instead of quietly dividing the damages; as we : ought to have done, we quarrelled over them. Dick's ; friend persuaded him that the other two surveyors ; were-duffers, and he refused to give way, while I, of i course, felt naturally sure that the rights of the case : were on my side. So we each paid our own man, and left the other to get his money how he could. He got it by sueing Dick, who had been the person to. Bj paak to him. This made my neighbour still more savage, .and as he and I were by this time at open war, he-brought matters to a climax bv fencing in the waterholes. I could not be expected^to sShfo quietly, so I cut his fence down, whereupon he summoned m6 before the magistrates for malicious injury to ius propertv. It was the first time I had ever had anything to do with a Court, so I thought ft best to employ a lawyer to pull me through. gThis was managed weti enough, for when the magistrates had heard Dick's story, and when my lawyer had asked him. a few questions and made a speech, the case was dismissed because of its being a dispute about property. One of the magistrates said' that we ought to take our case to a higher Court, and my lawler said the same thing. Bull had had enough of it iSst 'rr1' y!t .r'a'10 ld 0081 over ten pounds, although I won the day, and what with the surveying and one thingand another I was nearly a hundred poun ds out ®f pocket. Besides I thought I knew a better way of being square with Master Dick Hawley There was a bend of the creek above both the waterholes which, according to all file surveyors, was p' ml 1lan(1- I to work tO fink a good deep bde m this bend, and put « bit of &g; NowTwthe,JudeeJrh° ^ ordered these aU tfeJudees : J d alw^e ^ greatest respect1 for t best before doing. anytMng « In ' lawyer who had pulled me throlgh theCsbL nf rn theBhid ' W0^d be andThat he^would Sifi hen-junction melted, or dissolved I forget fo Evfillt to,pay for e*erytllin6 »n the end, I went deal of writing0 anTaffidarirmakfeg/and Inotitw payment of £10 on account, bad the satisfaction of seeing the Judge hirnnpif and a lot of lawyers fairiv «t . work on my case. There was a great deal of talk about ripe-pearian rights that I could not understand ; but it appeared to me that my lawyers were getting rather the worst of it, when the Judge — who seemed a good-natured old gentleman, and by no means ?offended at anything I had done — suggested a friendly settlement. My consent waB asked ; but I told my lawyers to do as they liked, and I believe Dick did the same with his. The result was that 1 had to fill up the hole which I had dug, and to pay some more coBta, besides what I had already forked out. Dick waa no better off, except that he had no hole to fill up, for he also had had to give money on account, and was called upon for money when the affair wag over. Well, the thing waa in thlB way settled for a time, by tbe good officeB of the Judge and the bar listers ; but Dick and I, like a pair of fools, remained bitter enemies, and kept annoying each other whenever we had a chance. At the same time, the country lawyers kept buzzing about us like bees round a jar of honey, and new and then we would get hints from our surveying friends as to our folly in not maintaining what they assured each ?of ua was an undoubted right. You will guess, easily enough, what all this led to. More law, of course. I allowed my lawyer to bring an action of trespass against Dick, and Dick made his lswyer bring an action of trespass against me. I had, of course, to pay more money on account ; but I had got used to that sort of thing by thia time, and I expected jt. Dick had to do the same. Then 1 was told that there was a demurrer about something or other, I never rightly understood what. But whatever it waa I eaw in the newspapers that I had won it, and my lawyer told me the same, charging me, as I after wards found, six shillings and eightpence for the information. Soon after this he wanted more money, and then there waa another demurrer. But this time it was I who demurred to such a constant drain upon my pocket. It was of no use, however, for my lawyer plainly told me that I muBt stump up, or the action would stop, and I should then have to pay for every thing—Dick's costs as well as my own. Then there was more surveying, more consultations, more writing, and at length the case came on to be tried before a Judge and jury. How there could have been so much talk about so plain a matter I could not make out, and I was equally puzzled to account for the positive swearing of the surveyors, right in each other's teeth, as it were, upon points each declared to be in capable of dispute. The upshot was that I got a ?verdict for forty shillings in my own case, and that of Dick's was postponed until next sittings as what the lawyers called a remnant. Dick was rather chap fallen, but said he had been advised to move for a new trial, and was pretty sure of getting it. That name evening, however, some friends managed to get Dick and I together, and although we were at first more inclined to punch each other's heads than to make friends, a few glasses of grog and a little sensible advice did wonders. We began, now that we had neither surveyors nor lawyers at our elbows to see what foola we had been, and finally agreed to let things stop as they were and to return to the old boundary tine. This determination we adhered to as far as we could. That is to say, we stopped all further court work. But the costs settled us both. I had to pay, from ?first to last, about three hundred and twenty-five -pounds. Dick is a better hand at accounts than I am and he had told me that Ms costs, all told, came exactly te four hundred and five pounds thirteen shillings and fourpence. Both of us had to boreow money to keep up the contest, and both of us bad to sell our farms to pay it back, and to meet the -additional demand which came upon us after the lawsuit had been stopped. One man bought both farms, and &b; he cannot well go to law with himself, there will be no more botheration about those con founded water holes. I managed to get enough out of the wreck to begin life afresh as a produce agent, and I have done pretty fairish since. As for poor Dick, he was completely floored. He drank away half of the .vnnnev whinh the lnwwrfi had left htm. aild had hut .just sufficient to take him to the diggings. His wife and family followed soon afterwards, and I have not heard of him since. ' Rather hard upon the law, Mr. Shepherd,' said -the foreman, shaking his head with somewhat of an .air of disapproval, ' and still harder upon the lawyers, -though that I don't wonder at that.' 'And he's in the right of it,' cried the eighth Juryman. ' I could tell you something ? ' ''All in good time,' interrupted the foreman good humouredly, ' we shall be happy to hear you later in -the case ; at present Captain Starboard has possession of the Court, and will, perhaps, oblige us by com mencing before we get into a discussion upon that ?very vexed question, the law !' THE THIRD JURYMAN'S STORY. . Running Away with the Ritnawat. After a few shrugs and hitches, peculiar to a sailor, - the captain began his story as follows : — At the date of my yarn ( was harpooner of the starboard boat, on board the whaling barque Blubber head, of New Bedford. We weighed aad stood out *of Buzzard's Bay, in the fall of 18 — . bound to the Pacific, in quest of sperm whales. Our crew were *11 expert whalers, except three, who were Lake boatmen ; and a young fellow a farmer's eon, who bad run away from home ; and it was not long before he wished he could run back again. We used to call fcim Clover, because he was so modestly green. Our ?skipper, though rather rough- spun, was as good a whaler as ever handled a lance, or smelt blubber. As we neared the blustering Horn, we sent all our light ?sticks down, and it waa lucky we did so, or we should have lost them. Going well about round that icy ?cape is not tike yachting I can tell you, and we fell ?in with some sneezing gales from S. W., which made the -old Blubberhead'e timbers crack like a thousand gaol -doors. Though 8 regular tub to sail, she generally ?behaved well in bad weather; but one unlucky night I thought she was going to smother us all together. It blew galley-pokers — as sailors say — and green seas walloped down on us like boiling thunder. We ?were lying-to under a close- reefed maintopsail ; and as many of us as could Bkulk below did so, tor the gale was keen enough to cut button-holes all over eur ?monkey-jackets. Still all the old tars were pretty jolly, and many were their lively jokes at the expense -of some of the smooth-water men, who looked as scared as girls in a runaway cart. ' Where's Clover stowed away on this fine dewy -evening ?' asked Jem Tubbs, the cooper (who was ?the forecastle wag), as he shook the icicles from his whiskers. ' There be is in his busk, I see, scratch ing his chilblains, and wishing he was in his daddy's bam threshing beans, I say, Clover ! if the old women in the farm-house at home have a touch of this blow to-night, they will be rousing Aunt Nancy aloft with a top-rope, to send down the kitchen chim ney-pot.' But while we were laughing at Jem's jokes on the home-sick clodhopper, a voice roared down the fore ?castle hatch, 'All hands clear thewreck?' Our maintopmast had gene over the side, so we aU scrambled on deck, and Clover -with us, though he -was not much use, but he was plucky enough, poor fellow. Presently a sea smashed on board, carrying away all the bulwarks on the port side, and the fanner's runaway son with them. We heard him cry -out once, but he had Bot time to cry again— he was gone. It was an awfully sudden death, and it made us all look straight for a day or two, but we soon for got it, for sailors don't fret long about disasters of any .sort. When the weather moderated a bit we got another Btick on end, and in a week or two we ran into fine weather. We often sighted black fish, but that was not the game we were after; etill we lowered now and then, and took fiBh each time. Two days before Christmas, when in latitude 6 ? South, ? the look out man abaft sung out, 'There she spouts.' ' Where away,' asked the chief mate. ' Three points on the lee bow.' ' Stand by the boats,' said the mate; at the same time he told the man at the wheel ' to keep her away.' ' Hoist and swing,' was the next order, then ' tower away,' and -off went three boats afters school of sperm whales. I struck ; and after being towed an hour or more the -harpoon drew. The larboard boat struck too, and lost aline, but the waist boat's crew were gloriously singing out ' dead whale,' when we came up and 'helped to tow it alongside the ship. We then got the gear rove ready for cutting in at daybreak. Next ?morning we all set to work with a will, for we wanted is get. the blubber tryed out in order to have a bit of sheave-o at Christmas. It was only a fourteen barrel fish, so we soon got it on board, and then we began to try out, that is to boil or fry the blubber in large potB, which were built up in a sort of caboose on deck, called the try works. It would have made a lively subject for a Raphael— or some other dabster— could he nave seen us that even ing, working away with spades and ladles, and minc ing knives, -while the glare of the fires revealed our noisy crew in all their greasy glory, tike a horde of busy impB frying old rogues, or a mob of cannibals cooking a few of their next door neighbours for supper. Ae vre were giving the last rouse up to tbe fires, and cracking a few jokes about the comforts of Christmas logs in a torrid climate, we saw a big lump of a barque bearing down on us. - She luffed up under our stern, and a surly voice shouted, ' ship ahoy ! What tbe blazes are you up to ' We are trying,' roared our chief mate. ' Ugh i trying indeed : Trying to set your ship on fire, I suppose ; but you are well insured no doubt. Confound you for bringing me three leagues off my course!' grumbled the stranger ; then we heard him give the orders, ' Hard down with tbe helm, and brace the yards sharp up !' - Our old skipper laughed like a tickled alligator as he hailed the stranger to 'come on board, and drink a tot to absent friends.' He replied ' that his quarter boats had been stove in a recent gale, but he would come on board if we sent a boat for him.' Our port boat was lowered in a jiffy, and in no time at all the strange skipper was on our deck, chuckling at the miettke he had made in supposing that we were burn ing our ship to cheat the underwriters. But I think he was only a ' 'long-shore sailor,' for he said he had never sees a whaler trying out before. He stopped about an hour with ua, and before he left he promised to come on board to dinner next day, and bring his two passengers with him. The next morning sU hands were turned to at day break to wash decks and make the ship look smart. Soon after breakfast all handB put on our Christmas gear of course, and we hoisted all our bunting. At six bells the starboard boat was lowered, and the mate was Bent off for the visitors. I went in the boat ; and when we got alongside the ship I jumped on deck to have a bit of a yarn with the hands, while the mate waB in the cuddy getting a CbriBtmas-box. The barque was the Freak, from Melbourne, bound to some port on the IVest Coast, for breadstufis. She carried two passengers, a lady and gentleman ; and according to the report of some of the hands, ' they were a very pretty pair.' By-and-bye the skipper came on deck in his best go-ashore rig, and a dandified chap with him, who looked as if he had been rigged out by a milliner, to stick in her shop window as a sort of fancy article. There was a lady too, a real dashing craft, with a pair of eyeB of her own which Jem Tubbs said would have lighted his pipe by a single flash. My heart felt all in a fiustration for a minute or two after I first looked at her, for she put me in mind of my sweet Susan, who 1 knew waB specially sighing for me on that merry Christmas morning. Seeing a pretty female face after being cooped up for many months with a lot of hairy-faced Bailors has a strange softening influence on a man's feelings, I can tell you. ThinkB I to my self—as I took the dandy chap's measure — If that lady belongs.to you, my hearty, it will take twice as much gumption as you have got to manage her ; for his drawling lingo told that he was a donkey, though you could see by the cut of his jib that he was rogue enough to cheat any tailor in the world, or to run away with any little boy's mother, who was soft headed. ' I tell you 1 won't go in that boat, Nick 1 ' arid the lady, with.'a skittish look at the dandy. ' You know I am vsry nervous in little boats ; but you can go with Captain Squidd, and I will stay here and write to my sunt.' At that moment I saw the chief mate of the Freak tip her a virtuous wink, and says I to myself, ' Ah, my darling ! it won't take your aunt half a minute to read all that you will write to day, anyhow.' After a good deal of palaver between them, the captain and the dandy (whose name was Blade) got into the boat ; but before we had pulled a dozen strokes, he wanted to be rowed back to his wife. ' Nonsense ! ' said the captain, ' we shall not be more than three hours 8 way, and Captain Junk is exner-tinp- ur to dinner. Full awav. bovs ! ' In an hour or so our skipper and his guests were having a jolly sheavo in the cuddy, and the crew were eating out Christmas dinner on the forecastle, and yarning about absent friends and such like soft sub jects, when suddenly the man at the wheel sang out, ?- There she blows ! ' We all jumped up, and sure enough tbere was a school of right whales almost alongside of us. 'Lower away the boats!' shouted the mate, rushing out of the cuddy, forgetting that it was a holiday, and away ran each man to the tackle falls, with his share of plum pudding in his hat. As I was getting into my boat, I overheard Mr. Blade say, ' I say, Captain Junk, I hope you won't send all your boats away, because I want to go back to my wife presently.' I don't know what reply our skipper made, but he was the wrong sort of a fellow to lose the chance of a whale for any man's wife. As I was pushing off, Captain Squidd asked me to let him go in my boat to see the exciting sport ; so in he jumped, and away we went, all three boats hitting out like racers. After a pretty hard pull for five miles to windward, I struck a bull, and down he went to the end of the tine. The larboard boat struck too, but got badly stove, and the waist boat was capsized ; so I had to slip from my whale to go t o the help of the other boats ; and iben we saw a signal from the ship to come on board. ' It is going to blow hard,' said Captain Squidd, pointing to some awful-loeking clouds to leeward. ?' You had better put mo on board my ship, then look sharp and fetch my passenger off. I must go and send my royal yards down.' So we put him on board, and then hurried to our own ship as fast as we could, with a stored boat in tow. 'Hook on the boat tackles, and bear a hand on deck,' said our skipper, as soon as we got alongside. ' O Captain, pray send me on board the Freak now ; my wife will be in a sad way,' whimpered Mr. Blade. ' Hold on a bit, sir ! ' said old Junk, testily. ' Let me get my ship snug first. Can't you see that squall coming up to us r All hands reef topsails ! ' It was not holiday pastime after a long pull in the boats to go on the yards, instead of finishing our Christmas dinner : but tbere was no help for it, so up we went — grumbling a small bit of course. 'Take in two reefs, and be smart about it lads,' shouted the skipper. The topsails were reefed, and we had just got to the deck when a regular bellowser laid the old ship over till I thought she was going to turn a turtle with us. ' Helm hard up ! ' roared tbe skipper, but before she could pay off, tbe sticks came rattling about our ears like Samson's rafters, and made the boldest of us shake in our sea-boots, for we thought grim Death had come on board for all hands, — and none of ub were prepared for him. ' It would make my yam too long if I were to tell you all the disasters of that night,' continued Captain Starboard. ' Itblewahnrricane, and next morningwe were lying tike a log on the water, with all our masts gone, and the decks clean swept of try works, boats, and bulwarks, too ; so, on the whole, we had not a very merry Christmas, and we did not enjoy our plum pudding a bit, for it was crushed to pancakes inside our hats. The Freak was not in sight ; but whether she had foundered, or had scudded away before the hurricane, of course we could not tell. But the misery of that unlucky dandy waB awfully comical to behold. He didn't pipe his eve quietly, like a man, but be kept snivelling all day long, as he stood looking for the Freak, all round the horizon, with bis eyeB starting out ef his head like a grey hound trying to bolt a bullock's kidney. Of course we had to make for the nearest port after we had rigged jury-masts ; and in about ten days we came to off Point Payta, and there our cantankerous passen ger landed, with his dainty rig nicely oiled. We were all precious glad to be rid ot him, for he was a perfect nuisance ; and every man jack of us firmly believed that bad luck had come on us for taking a fool -rogue on board of a respectable Yankee whaler. Dash his impudence ! one would have thought that he had paid a high price for his passage, to hear his saucy slang every minute of the day, except when he was eating his rations ; and we were astonished that the old skipper did not shove him down in the hold among the shook6. ' Did you ever hear what became of the Freak, and poor Mrs. Blade ?' asked Jack Southgate. ' Yes, we did, sir,' replied Captain Starboard, with a look of severity. ' Many months afterwards we heard that the Freak had put into Lima, leaky ; and that the chief mate had bolted off with a lady passen ger. We also heard that Mr. Blade was a Melbourne counter-jumper, who had run away with his master's wife and other valuables to the tune of £3000. But he lost his beoty and his mistress too, and was left on shore in the most dismal mud-hole of a town that ever a miserable men put his head into. It just served him right, too, and you may take my experienced word for it, gentlemen, that every swab of a fellow aB does the like will sooner or later get paid off as hand somely as that Melbourne shaver was.' Our skipper was awfully savage when he found out the character of the blade who had spoiled his merry ChriBtmas; and he vowed that if he ever fell in with him again, that he would ' lash him down to' the ship's grindstone, and turn away at tbe handle to the tune of 'Tally hey O, the grindeT,' till the wife stealing lubber sung out chicory, and blue sparks flew cut of his waistcoat pockets.' Of course' as in duty bound.'there was s unanimous chiming in with the sentiment with which the captain had so energetically concldcd. There were some general remarks passed upon the subject of runaways of every degree, and more than one of my fellow jurors expressed their anxiety to serve on some jury when one of these customers was in the dock, and ?' Wouldn't we serve him out ' was the verdict ar rived at, even before the case had been initiated by the commission of the offence. ' But come, ' said the foreman, who showed him self particularly energetic in endeavouring to keep his fellows from digressing into small talk, and in fact worked up to my hand as skilfully as I, in my most sanguine desires, could have wished. ' Time is pass ing, and I can see that Mr. SimpBon has prepared himself to amuse us, and is desirous of beginning.' ' Order ! order !' shouted several of those who had been the loudest in conversation. The fourth juryman looked down at the table, then up to the ceiling, then fixing his eyes upon some thing he couldn't see in a dark corner of the room, commenced THE FOURTH JURYMAN'S STORY. Won and Lost. I'm an old stager here now, for it's many years ago, when I was a restless, venturous youth, and having a will of my own, instead of heeding the advice of my old father, I volunteered to join an emigrant family (one of the boys being a school chum ef mine) coming to Australia. My grey-headed old guv'nor wasn't much affected at parting with his eighth son, seeing that he had most of the others about him, and grand children rising up ; so that at the last interview our eyes weren't more than naturally moist, the ' wee drop' that glistened in the old man's being account able for on other grounds than our separation. Besides, he'd got over a greater trouble like this in earlier life when his first-bom son went to sea, and never let him know of it till he was far away, and what'd become of him they'd never heard. Light-hearted young rascal bb I was in those days, yet 1 was a bit of a dreamer, and never thinking my teens would run out, had all sorts of high-flying but confused ideas of life in the future. I expect, like most of the old uns, if 1 ever get any bright dreams now, I've to dive deep into bygone times for 'em. The poor devil in the dock haB had pleasanter lines in his time. If I feel a little for a fellow in his position that some of you are inclined to be hard upon, you'll see hy my expe rience that I've got reason for doubts about things that people swear they've seen with their own eyes. I'm afraid my yarn won't 'riBe yer bar,' but this I can promise you, that as it has to do with myself it won't be Bpun entirely of sunbeams. My life had'nt much of that sparkling adventure which sometimes my fancy pictured in youth, but it might have been otherwise except for an early scrape I fell into, that sobered me down ever after. At starting, I got unaccountably mixed up with my schoolfellow's family, being in the list of passengers put down as Joseph Grainger. My right name is Joseph SimpBon. As my friends knew the mistake, and as there was nobody else on board that I cared about explaining it to, the name stuck to me. Besides, thought I, with the poet, 'What's in a name,' little thinking that though an alias mightn't damage the sweetness of the rose it may play the deuce in the run of a man's life. Arrived in Sydney with a 6mall amount of tilg ready, that at most with pinching, couldn't hold out longer than twelve months, I looked about for employment and went to the grocery busi ness in a shop down in George-street — the place is a shabby ramshackle building now, but it was one of the first houses in town then, known as the Golden Canister Tea Mart. As a kind of poTter-assistant learning the business, I had been occupied about twelve months, and in that time I'd got among the Currency Boys of Sydney who, though shy of me at first as an immigrant, gradually found out my sociable qualities, and when they saw me on the racecourse bat for an hour against Tom Pusey, a crack bowler of those days, they began ' o look upon me as a kind of prodigy at cricket, and I was soon at home with them. My spare time and holidays were moBtly spent on the racecourse, but it wasn't till after some months that I was regularly connected with the cricketers, and then I went to a meeting at the Spread Eagle in Elizabeth-street, facing the ground, an inn that was kept by Edward Simpson, which, of course, attracted my notice, that being my father's name, but as the name isn't uncom-. mon 1 didn't think more of it. The landlord played eoiuetunee himself, hut was gptring a littlebeyoadsuch sport. Being rather a stout built muscular fellow, he was a terrible sloggerat loose bowling and many a time had sent the ball over the houses iu the street. As he got a deal of custom from the players, he was an enthusiastic patron of the game ; but, independent of that, he was in good circumstances — §aid even to be well provided with worldly gear, most of which he had made before he went into the public line, as he was then past middle age, and had a daughter between eighteen and nineteen. Ours wasn't a common grocery, as we prided ourselves upon having an order connection, and I could sometimes be spared on a Saturday from business. I remember well, it was about this time of the year, we'd got up a scratch match, in which I was to play. In the lull between the innings I went across to tbe Eagle for a refresher and had an opportunity of seeing Simpson's daughter for the first time. I don't deny thBt I was as spooney as many others have been at that age, and I confess my feelings were those of a lad whose heart was Boft enough for a first impression and a deep un. As I' went in just after Charley HarknesB, a lawyer's clerk, one of the players, I ordered a glass of beer from the landlord, and had the froth at my lipB when I heard a Bweet female voice in an adjoining apartment, evidently in playful con versation with Harkness. ' You'll bat when all the bowlers are tired, I suppose,' said the young lass. 'By Jove,' said he, ' they know better than that ; I shall have to go in to kill that fellow Pusey's bowling.' 'And how many runs do you expect to get,' was the next question. ' Well,' said Hark ness, ' I haven't much luck generally, but I'm good for fifty.' ' Fifty,' said she half sarcastically, ' Why I've bowled out many a better player ' than yon for nothing,' and as she left the reom she offered to bet him new gloves that he didn't score at all. She passed out through the bar attired in a prettily trimmed muslin dress and light straw hat, and as I met her glance towards me I was smitten with a gush of tenderness so utterly new to me that I left my beer on the counter, strolled absently bock to the ground, and was bowled the first ball, much to the disgust of my comrades who, instead of putting in Harkness to crush Pusey's bowling, had expected that service from me. -It didn't trouble me much. I felt queer, but not pn that account. I found myself rambling next evening almost unconsciously towards the place, but withno taste for play ; and as there were some of my com panions in the Eagle. I sauntered in, and Sam Jones, one of ' ours,' beckoned me into a snuggery, where 1 found him and another yeuth enjoying a chat with Hate Simpson. Her merry cheerful manner assured me sufficiently to enable me to say as many witty things as mv disturbed feelings left me in a state to conceive, and when she spoke of me as ' Mr. Grainger who was so unfor.unate last evening,' I flattered myself that I had awakened an interest in her. I hadn't thought of it before, but I now began to think of my persona] appearance ; and if I came to the conclusion that I was a good-looking young fellow, you'll admit it isn't an uncommon conceit at that ege. This left me some hope that cricket alone didn't make up my claims to her consideration. Sam didn't stay long, and as he and his companion went away, he said in a kind of suge whisper, at the same time looking knowingly at Kate, ' I say, Grainger, my boy, cut it short — that's dangerous company.' He little knew how I had courted mat danger, and I knew little then of its extent. I contrived as I lounged awkwardly on a lofa opposite to the chair on which Kate sat engage! in some fancy work, to start a conversation, but 1 kiow I was very stupid, for I was in a twi'ter all over like, and bad no command of myself. I can afford to speak of these things lightly now, but at that moment Lfelt just as Dow said of others in my circumstance!— a sort of crawling all over, like a bunch of carded vool on a hot stone — as if my heartstrings were made of indisrubber, and kept stretching out — as if I wafted to die for something and didn't care what — as' if I was climbing up to smell roses whilst thsrns tickled me under the Bhort ribs— in fact pretty Bick. If I haven't given you a prtper idea of the thing I tell you it was thorough downright first love. Kate was for some time the came to me as to the others, although she couldn't jielp seeing I was precious sweet upon her, and indeed I believe she rather encouraged me than otherwise although I never had any decided marks of preferaice. 1 was of course a regular visiter, got on well With Simpson himself, could talk about things in1 the country be came from, and stood well in his books. He soon perceived how it was with me and Kite, and saying nothing about the matter he didn't dis courage me. So strong were my feelings, how ever, that I looked forward to enjoying her Bociety till 'death should part us,' never thinking it possible that she or any earthly being could put an impediment in the way of our being 'tied up' at the altar. (A juror: Do you mean an niter with an aitch in it ?) There waB a hitch in the affair certainly, if that's what you want to know. (Juror : An aitch, I said.) Oh, come ; don't palm off stale ' Miller ' here ; I meant the altar on Church hill, not the one then so much in vogue on Gallows hili. Perhaps I ought to have said ' spliced,' to be understood by the company. Don't break my ' yarn ' again if you please, as I shall feel more com fortable at the end of it. I was a member of the Union Cricket Club, and in the Christmas holidays, at that time, we'd got up a match with the Liverpool boys. Liverpool was a bustling place in those days, I can tell you, and they had a lot of players, big, strong fellows, that took & good bit of beating. So we mustered our beBt men together, and arranged to get there on Boxing-night, to play the next day. Simpson, and others, from Sydney, including my old friend and namesake Grainger (for I now bore his name as unconcernedly as if it wbb mine from'birth), making up a party to go with us. AVe had a fine lot of chaps amongst us. T om HU1, the captain, was the best in the country at batting end bowling, and he was a regular eye opener to scout, and aU the others, even Harkness, spite of his bragging, were well up to the mark, so we and our friends had great expectations. When we got .there we found the Liverpool boys had taken up their quarters at the Ship Inn, so we went to the Union. As soon as we got in a crowd came round to quiz and banter us about the licking we were going to get ; and in the evening Simpson and others of us went to the Ship to have a peep at the Liver pool boys. There he got into a barney with the land lord, Jim Moody, w ho bounced a good deal about what they were going to do, and it ended in Simp son and him betting a ' tenner ' on the match. It wasn't at all unusual in those days to have a ' trifle about the winners.' Next morning we went at it be times, the two parties having bush tents— there wasn't much canvaB about them — on opposite sides of the green near the hospital. We'd got no professionals at that time, so amateurs hadn't tc Bhow themselveB off bv dangling the cambric astern, and we didn't take much pride about uniform so long as each wore as much as trousers and shirt ; and whilst some came out rather spicy, myself amongst the rest (not know ing who might be there) others were as bare about the legs and feet as about the arms. The Liverpool lads went in first, and we sent our two beBt biwlers against them— Pusey, a teazing three-quarter pitch, and Rowley, a swift 'daisy-cutter,' both as straight as an arrow to the stumps five balls out of six. There was none of your new-fangled twist ing and twirling and breaking about them. They had a few practice balls, and -showed them selves in fine fettle, but when they came to bowl between the wickets, they seemed all abroad, and the Liverpool fellows knocked them about sadly. We did manage to get most of them out by good scouting, but not till they made ninety runB, and then Pusey found out that the ground had got a kind of a twist in it, falling away to the off at both ends and bumpy in the middle. He said this was the reason why he couldn't get his best pitched baUs up, and why Rowlev couldn't keep his 'grassers down. -\e got the Liverpool boys out at last, but they bid scored 120. This didn't dishearten ub, for we thought the ground was as good for one as for the other. They started two big fellows to bowl, and they did put on a pace with a vengeance. We could do very little good against tnem ana receivea a gooa deal of harm, for if the !»11 didn't shoot into our wickets, it generally hit us on the I*'8; 'ie arms, or the jaw. But we managed to get a gAod fiUm!?er byes and tips, and when w-e got out for eighty Wt couldn't take the hurrahs (they sounded more like yells) for compliments to us. Simpson served us out sopie grog and a bit of grub, and we soon got into tbe field again. Pusey persuaded us to let him bowl again, but we put on Sam Hughes at the other end instead of Rowley. Hughes was a regular 'grubber,' but Pusey put him up to pitch over the rise and keep to leg. The manu-uvre answered well, and the Liverpool fellows, seeing we'd got hold of the secret, weren't nearly so bumptious as before, and the cheers came from one Bide as shot after shot went into the stumps, accompanied hy a facetious query, of ' How's that umpire,' when the wickets flew out of the around. They managed somehow to scrape together thirty-five, which made them a hundred and fifty altogether. 1 hadn't done so well in my first innings as to be put up high on the list in the second, and our captain made up his mind to send most of his best men in early to make a stand, so that the others may be in good heart. The same bowlers came on again, but Hill knocked them about in every direc tion, Bnd others did the same. We got fifty runs when we had lost four wickets, and we bad some slashing hitters to go in, so we made sure the match was ours. They put on fresh bowlers, however, and the next three men were bowled or caught cut with nothing but a wide ball to score. 1 fancy I can hear the 'cock-crow' that came from Moody as he wared a ten-pound note, calling out to Simpson to cover it, and how Simpson shouted out that he'd play him for all the money he'd got. It was my turn to go in, and there were two to follow, Harkness being one. I was lying on the grass in a kind of brown study, a certain person in Sydney being uppermost in mv thoughts, when up came Simp son, saying, 'Rouse up Grainger, my boy, go in and win.' I went to the wicket and hit my first ball to leg for four amidst shouts from our side. Some thing seemed to sharpen my sight, and I'd nothing else to depend upon on such queer ground, so I laid myself out for hitting nearly everything, and soon scored a dozen more, some of them in rather a rummy way. Our friends now seemed certain of winning; they were talking big, but they urged my chum to run for a short cut, and he was thrown out. There was now a cry for Harkness, and I expected to see him come in and help me to polish off the game. There was some running about, and another came in his place. 1 cut and slashed away at the ball, and runs eame fast and thiik. I was getting puffed a bit when Simpson came ub with a mug, saying ' Take a drop of neck oil my toy — keep steady, my son, and win for the sake of Katey.' I felt in an instant that she was offered as the prize for winning the match, 'All right,' said I, and at it again. We had but ten to get, and Harkness to come in. The Liverpoolers were now bowling furiously, and I caught a ripper on mv left ribs, but there was something inside then that didn't flinch, and all that I was afraid of was an unfortunate hit on the frontispiece, or a catch for the field who hBd been put out wide for me. I stopped the hitting and played slips and small goes, but my partner could get nothing, although he kept the ball off his stumps pretty well. Three would now win U6 the match, and as there was another man to go in I thought I might as well have a dab at the next ball. I shaped for hitting whatever might come. It would have hit mv head but f got forward and played a skyer to long field off. It was almost a certain catch for any of the twenty- two, and I felt faint and had a good mind to stop running. The man a', long field measured the fall to a nicety, and as I was finishing the second run I every moment expected to see the ball thrown up with a shriek of triumph from our opponents. It slipped through his hands and the smile on his countenance changed to a grin as with an unscriptural expression he dashed his cap on the ball lying dead at his feet, and there was a general outcry of ' Bah-ah ' and ' Butterfingers.' AVe made the' winning run whilst he was wondering how he missed the catch. There . was a rush to the ground, Simpson among the lot. I was tumbled upon the shoulders of two of my com rades and carried to our quarters in high glee. It was then I found that everything had depended on me. as there was no one else to go in. Harkness couldn't be found, and it was darkly hinted that he had been 'bought' by the enemy to 'sell' us. ?Whatever the reason, he had not been seen for some time. After equating up the bete weBtarted off home. The journey hack, which my companions enjoyed so much, singing and joking all the way, was wearisome to me, for winge wouldn't have taken me quick enough to my Kate, for I felt now that she was mine. I'm qualmish at the stomach even now to think of my suffering when I found that, without warning to anybody, she d gone by the early coach to Farramatta that day. Her father knew nothing about it till next day he received a letter telling him of her marriage to HarkneBS. He was mad, I was flabbergasted, knocked into a cocked hat, ' bowled out for nothing.' I held no inter course at the Eagle, for it had nestled the vulture that a(e into my heart ; I ceased playing at ctioket, and only felt a little soothed by nightly walks in the cool of the evening near the water. I own that a watery grave wouldn't have been unwelcome at that time, but my feelings were too prostrate for the determina tion it required for a good header into the deep. I must hurry over thiB miserable part of my narrative. One of my former companions, compassionating my distress, made me promise to do a little boating with him, and 1 made an appointment for one one evening. Just after dark (the moon would have been up in fin hour) I hurried down to the jetty ot Queen's Wharf, rassing quickly along the planking, my loot caught | an oar that lay on it, I knocked it into the water, pitched head foremost over, and my head- Btruck the gunwale of a rather heavy boat that lay alongside. I could swim, the water wasn't deep, _ but consciousness forsook me, and the next situation in which 1 found myself wbb lying flat on the jetty, a crowd near me, and two constables looking on. I was taken to the watchhouBe and charged with trying to make away with myself. _ I had to give my right name, and having an alias didn't improve the un favourable impression the police had formed of my character. Two people swore before a magistrate that they had seen me on several occasions wandering in a gloomy state of mind about the water's edge — that on the night in question they had seen me delibe rately run and jump into the water, and that I went by the name of Grainger, although I'd given my name as SimpBon. The police said they'd heard that I'd been crossed in my affections. I was too depressed to make much of an explanation, and what 1 did say wasn't listened to, eo I was bundled off to gaol till tbe next week, when I was to be tried at Quarter Sessions for attempting to commit suicide. Next day I sent for Simpson and Grainger. Both came to see me, and promised to get a lawyer to defend me. Simpson was taken all aback when he found my surname was the same as his own, and after some questions as to where I came from, and who were my parents, a strange kind of expression came over his face and he said almost as if toinking within himself, ' So you know the old spot.' Hark ness got back from his wedding trip before the trial came on, and I must say that when he heard of this affair, he did all he could for me. I was well defended at my trial, and although the two witnesses again positively swore that they saw me deliberately jump from the jetty into the water, that there was nothing on the jetty thatl-couldhave fallen over, andonesaid he bad noticed, me to be ' as melancholy as a gib cat,' my counsel brought the friend who had invited me out to prove that I had other reasons for being there than intending suicide, and also the boatman who had left his oar on the jetty, and he said it was not unlikely that it would throw a person over if it caught his foot against it. I got acquitted, and the next day Simpson invited me to his house, told me his history (which would make a better yarn than mine), and claimed me as his brother. There was no melodramatic hugging or spasms, or anything like what novel-writers generally finish up with — nothing but a hearty hand-gripping and a glass to the health of the old folks at home. If Kate wasn't my wife (as Bhe might have been unlawfully), she was my niece. I might now safely admire her, and enjoy her still cheery company. My brother set me up in business in the south end of George-street, and five years after the gold-fields broke out I had a pile large enough to enable me to retire into the wifeless life I have never since thought ef changing. Mind, I'm not the Simpson so many rude inquiries are made about. ' Poor Joe,' Bald Southgate, ' I always knew there was something st the bottom of his turning so quiet all of a sudden ; but I never fancied he'd got so deep as be has.' ?' Rather a disagreeable thing,' I remarked, ' for a man to fall mlove with his nieee. ' Not eo bad as if it was his grandmother,' laughed Selford, ' still it's a thing to be avoided.' ' Mr. Snelling,' here interrupted the foreman, ' your brother jurymen are looking to you with some anxiety.' The fifth juryman shook his head — ' My own life has been very uneventful — I can tell nothing con cerning myself that would interest yon.' ' It's perfectly immaterial,' answered the fore man, 'something about a friend will do.' He looked fietiotia, put his hand intohis pocket, and brought out a paper, covered, as cue of the juror's observed, with dots and scratches. ' Something,' he said. ' has come accidentally into my hands ' Let us have it by all means,' replied the fore man, whilst the Boots, attaining momentary wakeful ness, called out ' go in and win.' THE FIFTH JURYMAN'S STORY. Well, I don't see that it matters much how this tale came into my possession ; still it may not be amiss to tell you its hiBtory, eo far as I know it. Human nature's is a curious study. We jurymen see its darker sides. The surface of life, like the surface of the ocean, is ever-changing ; but the elements of both remain the same. It is interesting to watch the play of human passions and the vagaries of character. An auction room ie not a bad studio. You often find there more wit, and infinitely more humour than you ever heard fiow from under the wig of a legal punster. I don't care much for the large rooms where black coated men gulp curTants, chew raisins, cluster like flies round little heaps of sugar, or dip their noses of various lengths and hues into small samples of young hyson. They are, however, curious in a physiological sense as shewing that while some inferior animals live by Buction. certain lords of the creation make a very good living by smelling and tasting. I strolled into a smaller and less pretentious rrom a few days ago. Mr. Ivory Hammer was in the pulpit where he preaches his daily sermon, which, whatever it may he worth as ft literary composition, always keeps his hearers wide awake. I never knew an instance of a buyer falling asleep at a sale, although I have seen many a pious man with closed eyes nodding assent to the rounded periods of an orthodox divine. I do not for a moment assert that the pious snore. Certainly not ; I have been assured that sinners do, and here is not a bad subject for inquiry when we have finished our stories : Why does a man go to sleep in a church and not in an auction room : But I am di gressing. When I entered the room Mr. Hammer had his right eye firmly fixed on the pillar in front of him, which he regarded as a sentient being, and to which he owed many an excellent bid. llis left eye fidgeted in its socket as it looked round the room for a customer. There was an awful pause. The mallet was raised with energy. As it was brought down with a swoop almoet' on to the pulpit I made an advance (I believe, upon the post) and became the pur chaser of a box of book6, and shorthand manuscripts. These papers I found to contain a number of unpub lished tales. I have not read them all, but this is one, entitled — 'The Stoiiy of a Moonbeam.' A lovely place is Oakville. Though near to Syd ney, it has yet many rustic charms. The homestead, substantial and elegant, is embowered in trees and aromatic shrubs. Every separate month a fresh per fume is breathed by the flowers which fill the place with beauty. The palm, which gives an oriental grace to the well-kept lawn, was planted by Ernest Trueman, to commemorate the birth of his firstborn. He would gladly have planted other palmB ; but Ada was his only child. So the eastern tree spread its leaves alone, and nodded its crested head to the bright-leaved camphor, the rich magnolia, -the flaming ervthrinus, end the sombre fir. The palm had now reached its eighteenth year, and the fair Australian girl, who sat beneath its shade rivalled it in stately beauty. Pure as the lilies, modest as the drooping violets, her heart was a shrine where the domestic affections burned with steady fire. She was as the light of the dwelling. She wooed the muses, and yet found time to minister to the poor and friendless. Thus in tasks well done with cheerful ness ; in works of charity and tenderness ; in acts of filial love and gentleness, each day was passed, without regrets or weariness. Trueman's oldestfriendwas Captain Staysail. Many greetings and farewells had been exchanged between them. After an absence, long protracted, his ship had once more reached our snores. 'When he had seen his agents, and arranged his plans, Staysail soon found his way to Oakville, with Harry Faithfull, his chief officer, whom he regarded with affection quite paternal. Faithfull, now in his twenty-fourth year, with the grace and strength of an athlete, combined a frank disposition and a generous heart. Though young, he had travelled much in distant lands, fais mind was also stored with legend and with history ; and he found a welcome place on True man's hearth. It was the glorious spring time, when trees put forth their fresh green leaves ; when year by yeir is the miracle renewed of Aaron's rod that budded. The day was closing into night when Harry saun tered forth .with Trueman's daughter. The early crocus now had sprung, the snowfiake shewed its bells of white and green; the 'star of Bethlehem', hod begun to bloom and bear glad tidings to the world of flowers. The moon rose above the orient rockB ard hiUB, and shed her light on the youthful pair as they Btood on the green cool lawn ; he like the sturdy oak; she like the tender vine. A pale beam fell on the red moss rose he had plaoed in her small white hand to tell his deep and fervent love. The cargo of Staysail's ship was not discharged with unusual haste, nor waB the lading performed with more than usual activity ; yet it seemed to Faithfull, as he exercised Uifi watchful supervision, that the VRBBel sank to her load-water-line almost prematurely. The dtty of patting came — of course too soon— and with it hopes and fears, and cheering speeches, which it waB thought would soon be changed to tender greet ings, for Staysail's ship was staunch and strong. She seemed to act like a living thing, and she rode the sea like a bird. In storm and calm; in breeze and Bquall, he had found her truBty and true. One voyage more and he quits the sea, and givea up his craft to young Faithfull. How long seemed the days to the gallant young man as the ship flew before the breeze, and Time seemed clogged with leaden wings while they lay becalmed in the Indian seas. Quite still she floated on the deep, and the stars, like flowers, are re mirrored below. The skipper was quietly smoking bis pipe. The sailors were merry and free. Young Faithfull trod the deck with impatient step, and thought of his far- off treasure. He longed for the time when he might return and claim the hand of the beauti ful maid whose name he had inscribed beside his own on the bamboo clumps of Oakville. But now 'crow's-foot' the ocean and the lazy sails were filled. A wild tornado followed fast and struck the ship with the dreadful force of a mighty avalanche. Sheets were snapped— bolts were drawn— and the sails flew in tattered shreds. The birds skimmed by with lightning speed, and the ship dashed on like a reinlesB steed. In the teeth of the rsging blast the gallant seamen trimmed the ship. Still the storm increased in force. The wild waters seethed and hissed and huge waves raised their crested heads on high. Eolus and all his crew put forth their savage force anew, and seemed to hurl upon the doomed ship blocks of solid wind. The mainmast went by the board, and but two bare poles remained. The helms men were lashed to the wheel, and through the gap where the deck-hou6e stood the waters poured below. Wool, and corn, and hoofs, and hides were thrown to the angry sea. One hour more of such a gale, and the waves, like hungry wolves, will feed on humsu prey. The night closed thick and dark, and there was little hope of seeing the light of day. Staysail and Faithfull stood side by side, calm as brave men can he even in a wild cyclone — when a mountain comber swept tbe deck, and Staysail stood alone. In the dark dark night he spoke to bis friend, wbo answered not, for he was floating away on the billows. None could 6tretch forth a helping hand, though there was not a man but would have risked his life to save that of his brave voung chief. ' Through the murky veil of the troubled night there darted forth a beam of light over the foaming sea. It fell upon old Stavsail's cherished friend. He had struggled for dear, dear life, until he found how hope less was the conflict. He had thought of the days of hiB childhood ; of the hours he had toyed with, and ofthoBe he had prized ; of the home he had left, of the heart he had won, and the bright world above, where all partings are over. The vital spark had not yet fled ; but he had conquered his fate, and his features relaxed in a smile, His eyes were closed, his face was pale, hiB lifr,bfl6v was still around him. His raven hair Itf&yed; up and down as he rose and fell with the billows. . , , , .. For many a league the black cloudy hy.05 0 tr tan phosphorescent waves, and the beam Wiiictl re' on tlid sailor's face was lining them with glory. At the filmy edges near the town again the pale beam slanted down. It glided over the sparkliDg sea unto the rugged shore. It turned the cold spray into diamond showers, and hung the trees with pearls. R passed o'er the city and suburbs, and fell on a fAttch where O fair form lay in the sweetness ef innoefnt slumber. So clear was the light that the Ojpfile of the delicate face was defined on the pillow. The ffllt maid of Oak ville awoke from her sleep, and her heart was full of misgivings, for she had dreamed U sad dream of young Faithfull, and felt as though his spirit was near her. She whispered a prayer for his safety, and thought how pleasant it was that the moon which had come from the sea had shed the same light on her lover! Thus it is we may pledge in our wine-cup the friendswho are dearest in far distant climes, whiltf they are siDging the song of the blessed and rejoicing in pleasures eternal. ' That's an interesting story to me,' said the captain. ' But if the writer had known as much as I could teU him he would have brought his tale to a more happy termination. I could shew you a place not far from this Court, nestling in roses and wood bine, where the oak and the vine flourish, and where more than one palm tree is planted already.' ' Bravo ! ' said I ? ' 'Where is it r — or, at any rate, tell us the denoue ment.' 'Well,' continued Captain Starboard, ' the facts are simply these : The same wave that struck Stay sail's ship swamped a craft a short distance to lee ward. Two or three of the passengers and crew were floated away in one of the boats. They happened to be near young Faithfull when the moonbeam shone upon him, and thinking he was still alive, they raised him from the sea. The next morning these waifs end strays of the ocean were taken on board a ship bound to Sydney, and under skilful and careful treatment tbe gallant sailor regained health end strength. Old Staysail got safely into port with his waterlogged ship, but before his sorrowful letter reached its destination his ardent friend had told his own story. When he returned with his ship repaired he was bewildered to find the house at Oakville as joyous as ever, and on being informed of the facts, the oid msn wept for joy. When the merry Christmas time came round again, the marriage bells ranga joyous peal in honour of the union of the ' sturdy oak ' and the ' tender vine.' 'Well, now, that's exceedingly satisfactory!' cried the ninth juryman excitedly, and then, as if he had forgotten himself and had made some terrible mistake, he once more crumpled up and disappeared in the misty corner in which he had taken refuge. ' As the originator of the idea of our evening's amusements,' said the foreman, after the buzz of re mark upon Mr. Snelling'6 tale had subsided. ' We expect something good from you, Mr. Smythe !' ' It's not always the originator of an idea who is the best able to carry it out, but not to go back firom our agreement, I am prepared to stand by my part of it to the best of my ability,' I answered. ' Being in the literary line myself, I will give you a quasi literary yarn.' THE SIXTH JURYMAN'S STORY. The Judge and the Refohtke. Some seven or eight and twenty years ago, one of the recognised gentlemen of the Press, as they are termed by Bome, or hired myrmidons, as they are called by others, was a young man, whom I shall denominate Mac, an abbreviation of his real name, by which he will be readily recog nised by those who knew him. He is dead now, poor fellow— killed by a fall from his horse in home out-of-the- way place in the interior — and thus I have the le6B hesitation in speaking about him. He was one of the most extraordinary characters of those early davB which so abounded in character. He was full of life and fun, an Irishman by birth, overflowing with wit, and never at a loss for a smart repartee or a sharp retort. He had great futility of composition, with a wild, erratic, but withal brilliant genius genius, however, that was lost for want of scope, in those early days of Australian history. Poor Mao had one failing — a weakness for rum. ' The largest quantity of liquor at the smallest possible prioe,' as he used to say, when invited in the language of the time to ' take a ball.' Poor Mac, it was not often, he could indulge in his weakness, unless when invited, for money was nearly always scarce with him. News paper proprietors as a general rule did not pay the weekly wage so regularly as they do at present, and as the compositors were the first considered, and the reporter the last, it followed that the latter would on Saturday night get no more than perhaps a fifth of his Balary of forty or fifty shillings. With this miserable fraction of his wage he was expected to carry on his war with the world as best he could, until the activity of the collector, upon, whom all. were dependant, provided the means for liquidating the arrears. Mac's weakness for rum got him into innumerable difficulties. More than once it provided him with a night's lodging in (he watch-house, und brought upon hiin a fine on the following morning. The fine was no joke to poor Mac, who often did not know where to go to raise the twenty shillings, which wag then the , orthodox judicial charge for inebrie y. I re collect one particular occasion when Mac, knowing that he would he unable to raise the wind, became perfectly desperate. He was put into the dock, the constable clearly proved the offence, and Mac was asked what he had to say. This was his chance, and he commenced an harangue. Several times he was interrupted, hut he insisted upon his right as an Eng lishmen and a free man — and the ' free man' was a ?shibboleth of great potency in those days — to com ment upon the evidence, and to offer such remarkB as might occur to him. With that wonderful command of language he possessed, he addressed, thebench for rather more than an hour, upon the subject of intoxication generally, and upon the various phases ef inebriety, induced by a certain number of glasseB. He kept the Court in a continued roar of laughter, but poor old Charles Windeyer, the stipendiary magistrate, was in a ?perfect fever at the waste of time. At last, turning to the magistrate, he said, ' After these few preliminary re marks which, borne in mind will elucidate what follows, 1 shall turn to the evidence againBt me' — 'Preliminary remarks!' cried Mr. Windeyer in horror. ' Why you will keep me here all day.' ' I am an Englishman and a free man, and in a British Court of justice I am entitled to be heard as fairly and as fu'l-y, us the richest in the land,' exclaimed Mac proudly. ' There, there, go away man,' groaned the magis trate—' You are discharged ! ' He wanted no more than this ; and he retired making a grateful bow to the Bench. I met Mac outside the CouTt, as he stalked out triumphant, not rushing away hurriedly as if he had had an escape, but marching away with dignity, as if he had received no more thau justice. ' I meant to have talked till six-o'clock,'' said he, 'when I knew Old Charley must give in, for, by Jupiter, I have neither a penny in the house, nor a single article I can send to my uncle's.' Whenever it happened that he waB consigned to durance vile, that consummation was never reached without an amount of labour on the part of the police that seemed almost absurd, considering what a very little fellow he was. ' I never yet went to the watch house under six constables ! ' he was wont to boast, and yet he was not above five feet three in height, was of spare form, and was evidently weak about the kneeB. his legs having that inward angle that is called ' knock- knee'd.' In addition to news paper writing, he had done a number of things euch as men of education and erratic genius, with no power \- or inclination to turn to manual labour, are compelled to resort to when hard up in a new country. He had been a private tutor, a teacher in a school, and an actor on the stBge. In the last capacity he had per formed with the then celebrated Mrs. Taylor, and when in his cups was accustomed to boast that his acting with her had given that fire and liveliness to her playing that had caused her to be so great a favourite. And now I come to my incident, which, after all, ? is but a very email one — so email indeed that I am afraid you will say that there is an inordinate amount of descriptive sack to my poor .pennyworth of narrative bread. Mac was at the time the incident occurred reporter to the Australian. Only one or two Of the more important papers employed more than one reporter. Thus it happened, on the day day before publication, the one reporter had to collect all the news, attending Supreme Court, Police Court, inquests, or anything else that was going, and wind ing up with a doBe of Council, when that body happened to be sitting. The Australian was published twice a -week ; it was the day before publication, and the Supreme Court was sitting. A heavy trial for murder was going on, and of course Mac's main attention was given to that, but there was the police news to collect, there was an inquest in the after noon, and, to make matters worse, there was a dreadful accident to be hunted up. The trial lasted till late in the evening. Judge Willis was on the bench, and Mac., by dropping in at apropos periods, and by making a few inquiries, had been enabled to secure a very fair account of the proceedings. But in his frequent passing to and fro, he had unfortunately met with more than the usual number of individuals willing to invite bim to the 'boll 'of companion ship. The effects were traceable on him from an early- part of the afternoon, becoming unmistakable towards evening, and coming to a climax towards dark, -so that when he arrived in Court, just as the Judge commenced summing up, he was quite in a ripe -state for securing a night's lodging at her Majesty's expense. He had a very prominent and sharp edged nose, which he always carried some what high in air ; but when indulging in the largest quantity of liquor at the smallest poBsrble price, his nose reared itself up higher and higher in the air, as the rum mounted more and more to his brain, until when absolute inebriety was reached, it attained an enormous angle of elevation, and seemed to be perking up in order to bid defiance to any one who would, dare to cast a doubt upon the perfect sobriety of its proprietor. We could see, by the angle at which Mac carried his nose as he entered the Court that he was both primed and loaded, and so with a good deal of nice management -we contrived to get him to 6it down as quietly as possible. This was not done without one or two impatient glances from the Judge, for Mac was difficult to deal with in his cups, and Judge Willis was touchy, irritable, and quick tempered, firing up sometimes at the very smallest interruption, We got Mac seated at the cost of a look or two only from the Judge ; but once down, he drew his papers-out of his pocket, prepared his pens, and com menced writing. The even droning of the Judge, as he prosed on through the case, had a -sedative and soporific effect upon Mac, for he -had not written a dozen lines before his fingers worked moreslo wly, then began to wander wildly, with spasmodic jerks, over the paper, until at last they became quiescent. Then his head, which had drooped and drooped, reached the desk, pillowed itself upon the motionless hand, and in a- few seconds we knew, bv the-regular breath ing that followed, that he had fallen asleep.. For fully an hour after this the Judge continued to sum up and to read evidence ; and then he oeased, and the jury demanded to retire to consider their verdict. The general shuffle in the court after the enforced quietude -during the Judge's charge, and the bustle made by the jurors in retiring disturbed Mac- in his slumbers, and, after moving uneasily once or twice, he raised bis head and looked round with that. vacant gaze peculiar to thOBe who are wakened suddenly out of a drunken deep. I don't know if any of you recol lect the old-JCing-street Court-house, as it was before it was turned and twisted about in the way it has been during the last dozen years. If you don't, I must tell you that the main entrance was in Eliza beth-street, -up a flight of stepB, and that the back ef the reporters' box was close to this door. To the right or south was the judicial bench, faced by the iron-railed dock that secured the prisoner. To the east, or immediately facing the reporters' box, was the jury box. It was only upon very rare occa \- sions that the Court sattill after dark, so that the only , provision for lighting it, was by means of candles, and these were -only very parsimonously distributed. There had been -four on the jury box, but these were -withdrawn to supply light to the jurors in their room. There was one on the reporters' box, and two on the bench before the Judge. The light that was shed was , not therefore of the most brilliant kind ; and it was consequently not wonderful that when Mac raised his head, his still dreamy vision should be drawn to the only- centre of light offered in that dreary hall, that which diffused itself -over the cross-grained counte nance of Judge Willis. I don't know what hallucination had -taken possession of poor Mac, -or what string of ideas was running through his brain, but -rising to his feet, and looking with inebriate vacancy at the bench, he exclaimed, ' Well, I don't mind if 1 -do oblige,' then, without stopping, -except to give a short preliminary hem, to clear his voice, he began to sing — 11 Maid of Athens, 'ere we part ? '* He got n« farther. The Judge sprang to his feet, per fectly livid -with passion. ' Take that man into cus tody !' he almoBt shrieked, as he pointed with his finger over in our direction. The TipBtaves made a rush towards us, but we were too quick for them. For the instant Mac's proceeding had taken us, as it had taken everybody else, by sur prise ; hut by the time he had got to the end of the first line we fully understood the necessity for getting hini out of the way. We at once dragged him down, doubled him up below the writing desk, and thrust him out of the box, into the crowd thst surrounded it. By this time some perception of what he had done seemed to come over him, so that, no sooner was he outside the box than he twisted through the crowd, and made his way out of the door, before the Tipstaves had even reached the box. We, of course, blamed some one who had been just in front of us, and had eluded our praiseworthy attempts at securing him. The Judge Btormed for a time and then sank into a growl, until the jury re turned inte Court with a verdict of not guilty. Very lucky it was for the poor devil in the dock, for the Judge was in such a temper that if the verdict had been 'guilty' he would not only have sentenced the prisoner to death without hope of mercy, but would have ordered him ibr instant execution. As to Mac he remained unsuspected, but the secret got whispered about amongst the reporting brother hood, so that whenever he entered the reporters' box, after having imbibed a noticeable quantity of rum, it was the custom to ask him to oblige ue with the second part of ' The Maid of Athens.' ' That'B truly a reminiscence of the old time,' said Captain Starboard, 11 but I had no idea you were such an old buffer as to date back eo far.' ' That's because I keep my beard shaved, and my wife insists upon picking the grey hairs from my bead. The latter process haB made me slightly bald, but then you know I must not grumble.' ' Now, gentlemen, attention,' said the foreman, ' for I aee that Mr. Seymour is making ready.' ' That word of command is out of date now,' said the Seventh Juryman ; but still, as a good rifleman, I am prepared to obey orders, and as you have already given the preliminary 'present' by what you have just said, you have only got to say ' fire,' and I'll begin.' '? Well, then,' 6aidthe foreman, ' FirenwBy.' THE -SEVENTH JURYMAN'S 'STORY. HOW I BECAME A SHOT. 'I think I'll tell youhowIbecameaRifleman. Twe years had gone over since I left the Grammar School at H ? , in the old country, and I had not decided upon what profession or occupation to follow in life. The two years that had elapBed since my return home had passed pleasantly away in boat sailing, rabbit shooting, and in occasiohal assistance rendered to my father on his farm. One fine afternoon in the latter part of March 1 'had gone into an arbour which, when a youngster, I had constructed in a sheltered corner of the garden, and which was now covered thickly with jasaminc and honeysuckle. It commanded a view ef a lovely undulating landscape, and of one of the most beautiful bays on the southern coast of England. Our home — a commodious, comfortable farm bouse, with ivy-mantled walls and thatched roof, which my parents had occupied for a period of twenty-five yeare — could be seen through the branches of a wide-spreading oak, with the garden : and orchard immediately adjoining. On the occasion referred to, I had gone into the summer-house, with a favourite book, the History of Greece, and wae en gaged in reading that thrilling chapter wherein is recorded the daring deeds of that noble band of Spartans who defended with their lives the Pass of Thermopylae against the invading hosts of Persia, when my father entered, rm-l. to my surprise, expressed his regret that I had not nxed upon some occupation with a view to making my way in the world. He said he had been thinking a good deal about it of late, and in consequence of an inci dent which occurred that morning he had determined upon making me a proposition. He had been informed by Thornley, one of his labourers, that I was out that morning looking at tbe Volunteers firing at the rifle butts, and, having fired a shot out of young Tbornley's rifle, struck the target at 400 yards. I had often expressed a wish to go out to Australia to commence life in that distant land where competition was not so keen as it waB in over-crowded England, and where there was ample scope for the exercise of talent and industrious enterprise ; but my father had always-set his face against it, on the ground that 1 had not devoted myself to any occupa tion by means of which I could hope to succeed in tbe colony. He now proposed to test my abilities, and the power of concentrating my atten tion on one pursuit, by purchasing me a new rifle, of the beet pattern, with the necesBsry equipment, and to give me every facility to practise, with the promise that as soon as 1 succeeded in winning a prize of £100 he would gratify my wish and fit me out for Australia, because he would then have some good reason to hope that the application and industry which enabled me to compete success fully as a rifleman would eRable me also to compete successfully in the battle of life, Having made this proposition, and given me till the following morning to think about it, he walked slowly back to the house. After the conversation which I have here in dicated and my father had left, I laid down my book to think over the proposition just made to me. It re quired but little consideration for me -to decide upon what course I should adopt. I determined to close at once with the offer, and as soon as possible to begin to learn the mysteries of rifle shooting. At this time I was utterly ignorant of every thing, pertaining to shooting, and I began to cast about me to get some assistance. It occurred to me that the schoolmaster of the village, who was a very intelligent man, might put me in the right track, and acting upon this thought, 1 at once walked dawn the road, and was fortunate in meeting my friend the school master, who had just released the village urchins under his care, and who were now making the place vocal with their shouts. I briefly stated my object to him, and he immediately expressed a belief that he -could render me some assistance. AVe walked together to his house, where he looked through two or three newspapers that some friend in London had recently sent bim, and in one of these was a report of the first annual prize meeting of the G. ? shire Rifle Association, at -which a Captain H — t — n of the 3rd Manchester rifles had carried off the principal prize. In a moment it occurred to me that 1 would go to Manchester and get introduced to this gentleman, who was described in the newspaper referred to as the best rifle shot in England. Just before leaving school I had received from the father of a schoolfellow with whom I was very intimate, a pressing invitation te visit him at Man chester, and I now determined to accept it forthwith. I hurried home, wrote a short note to the gentleman who had given me the invitation, apprising him of my intended visit, and dispatched it by the night mail, after -which I found my father and informed him of what I had done. He was glad to find I had taken the matter up so enthu siastically, and promised to do everything he could to forward my views. Early on the following morning I was on my way to Manchester, and on arrival was received in the warmest possible manner by my Man chester schoolfellow, his father, and friends. That night I made known to Mr. Lambton — the. gentleman ? in whose house I was a visitor, and who was the pro- - prietor of a large manufactory — tiie principal object of my visit, and was delighted to hear that he was acquainted with the celebrated rifleman whom I desired to consult. On tbe day following I was intro duced to Captain H — t — n, and I must say I was somewhat disappointed at his appearance. I had pic - tured to myself a fine powerful fellow of six feet in his stockings; but I found the celebrated rifle shot to be a man of small stature, and, I had almost said, insignificant in his appearance ; but a few minutes' conversation convinced me he was an affable, agree able . man, thoroughly conversant with the art in which he excelled, and willing to communicate what he, knew to others. I will not repeat to yeu the particulars of the conversations which took place between us, but suffice it to say that by his advice I ordered , a Whitworth rifle of the very best descrip tion,- with all the necessary apparatus, a considerable quantity of ammunition, &c.; I also purchased a powerful. glaBB and stand, in order that the lad whe who was to be my assistant might be -able to ascer tain : the .position of my shot marks on the target. Having ordered everything that I was told would be necessary, including a set of targets, Ireturned home and at once Bet to work to find a suitable piece of ground on my father's farm for a rifle range, one thousand yards in length, the volunteer range being only 400 yards long. This was a somewhat difficult matter, the land. being undulating, but eventually I found a suitable -strip which, by cutting through a clump of trees of .some forty yards in extent, and throwing up a mound for the firing point at 500 yards, and another at 700 yards, I could get.a good view of the target at all ranges from 200 to 1000 yards. With the assistance ot one of the farm labourers and the lad Thornley (a younger brother of the volunteer), I put down a heavy log to stand the targets upon, erected a mantelet, prepared discs, by which the marker was to indicate the Posi tion of shot marks, &c.;, and upon the arrival or the targets, a few d&yB; afterwards, I set them up, and thus prepared to commence operations. Punctually to the time promised, my rifle, ammunition, &c.;, came to hand, and great was my joy when, on the following morning I was enabled to commence my career as a rifleman. I will not trouble you with all the details of my practice ; it will be sufficient to say that early or late, in storm and in calm, always on the watch for every change of wind and of weather, and every variation of light and shade, knowing that all these circumstances affected the flight of the bullet, I carried on my practice. I had not been engaged in this way very long before I was conscious that a pair of hazel eyeB were fre quently watching me in my rifle practice, and that their owner was as anxious as I was for my success. This knowledge came to me in this w«y One fine afternoon, on returning from the butts, my father, with a smile on his countenance, congratulated me on my success, and said if I continued to shoot as well as I had thst afternoon he had little doubt that J should succeed at 'Wimbledon, for which I was preparing. I asked him how he knew that I had shot well that afternoon, and he at once pulled out a piece of paper and read off my score at each range at which I had fired that day, without informing me where he got his information. Eventually, however, he told me he had been over to neighbour Hambo{ough's, and that a young lady with hazel eyee and auburn hair had told him as a ' profound secret,' which he was not under any circumstances to mention to me, that Bhe had been watching the target through a powerful glass from her bedroom window, and having learnt the value of hits, as indicated by the colour of the discs — white for a bullseye, red for a centre, and black for an outer, she wae enabled to keep my score. Prior to this I had got an idea that my atten tions to ' hazel eyes' were regarded with indifference, and when 1 discovered that 1 had made a mistake I went into rifle practice with renewed enthusiasm, as I felt I was now shooting for a prize of infinitely greater value than any pecuniary consideration. It was late in March when I got my rifle, and April, May, and June sped pleasantly and swiftly awav. On the last day of the latter month, having a fortnight before sent my. entrance fees to the secretary of the National Rifle Association, Captain St. John Mildmay, I, with my assistant started for Wimbledon Common, where the competition, on which my hopes of success were cen tered was to commence in the course of a couple of days. On my arrival at Wimbledon — the theatre of so 'many bloodless victories since my visit to it, I spent two days in firing at tbe pool targets, and the Swiss Carton targets, with satisfactory results. The eventful morning at length arrived, and I confess that when I saw the long line of squads drawn up to com mence the match I bad more misgivings as to the probable result of my efforts than I cared to confess. The match was at 200, 500, and 600 yards, five shots at each, with six prizes at the first range, and seven ?at each of the other two ; and the twenty prize win ners, together with the next twenty in order of merit were to be eligible to shoot for a prize of £100 at 600, 900, and 1000 yards, seven shots at each range. I did not care to win a prize in the first stage of the competition except as a stepping stone to the second, for it was this that my hopes were centred upon, and for this I had taken most pains to prepare. 1 was drawn up in a squad with a number of other persons, not one of whom I knew, and as my turn to fire approached my ordinary nerve seemed to desert me. I managed, however, to score an outer with my first shot, which waB certainly better than a miss. My second shot was no improvement upon the first, but with my third I scered a centre, and 1 now began to feel more confident. 'With my fourth shot I scored another centre, and with my fifth a bullseye, thus making up my score to 14 points. This I knew would not entitle me to a prize, nor to a '? situation,' but I took courage and hoped for better luck at the other ranges. The 600 yards range was shot on the following day, when I managed to get 16, — four centres and a bullseve. I wae now as far off as ever from the prize which I so much longed to win, and I began to think my visit to Wimbledon would be a bootless one. On the third day of the competition the wind was rather strong and unsteady from the right, but my turn did not come on until about four o'clock in the afternoon, by which time the wind had settled down considerably. As I went towards the firing point to get ready, my assistant, who was fully as anxious as I was that I should succeed, remarked on the direction and steadiness of the wind, and re minded me that during a very similar right wind on my own range, the week before, I made a string of hullseyeB. This reminder reassured me, and I felt that after all I should succeed. Why should I labour the matter 1 I fired, and scored 17 points — two bulls eyes and three centres, and found when all the men had finished that I was only one point below four of the prize winners, and that I had tied with a dozen others for three places among the best forty for the second stage. Among those with whom I had tied was my preceptor, Captain H — t — n, who informed me he should not be on the ground on the following morning to shoot off the tie, and wished me every success. When the names of the men who had tied were -called over in the morning to shoot off the ties, only eight put in an appearance. In firing off, two scored 'bullseyes ; two, myself and another, centres ; two, outers ; and two missed the target. I had yet another chance, and had only one man to fire against. Fortunately, as I have always thought since, I was called upon to fire first, and having determined not to let the sljot go until I was perfectly ready, I took a steady aim, pressed the trigger, and got a bullBeye. My opponent only got a centre, so I had secured a place among the select 'few who were entitled to shoot for the £100 prize in the second stage of the competition. Only about thirty of the men put in an appearance, and we commenced the match at once. My bullseye in Bhooting off the tie had given me nerve and confi dence ; and I now commenced to fire very well. At the terfiiination of the firing at the first -range 1800 yards), I was leading, but there were three within a point of me. At the next range I shook them all off, and commenced the 1000 yards range with a lead oi four points. This, by resolute self-control, and steady careful firing, I held to the finish, but as soon as I had fired my laBt shot, and knew that I had .gained the prize about which I had thought so much, my joy knew no bounds, and I became so excited that I hardly think I could have hit a haystaok at a hundred yards. My assistant, who was as much delighted as I was, told me afterwards thst as scon as- 1 had fired my last shot I became as pale as death. Thus I scored my first victory. I hadhad enough of Wimbledon, so I packed up at once andreturned home, where 1 was received by my friends, including ' hazel eyes,' with the warmest congratulations ; and when I went up to London to receive my prize, at the pre sentation, shortly afterwards, the latter young lady was among the spectators. I feel that with this my ' yarn' -ought to termi nate, but I must be permitted to state that shortly afterwards I left home ainid many regrets on the part of relatives and friends, and sailed for this colony, where, if I- have not made my fortune, I have suc ceeded. Amidst my numerous -other engagements I have found time for rifle nraetine -and whoever mlreo the trouble to compile or peruse the records of rifle shooting in this colony will And my name upon almost every page. 1 have only to -add, -in oonclusion, that my wife haB hszel eyes and auburn hair. 'Well done, -Seymour,' cried the6econd Juryman, ' I always knew there was pluck in you, and yeu wen your wife and your outfit like a -man.' ' Yes,' said the Third Juror, 'and if-ever the real -cervice of the Rides is wanted, Fan sure-he won't-be last to answer the coll to actual duty.' Of course the- Seventh Juryman pulled himself .up -straight, and hoped he wouldn't, and all thateort of: thing, and a disquisition upon the late meeting .of the Rifle Association -was just commenoing, when the Foreman interfered , just as Seymour was beginning rather warmly to say -something about disqualifica tion. ' Come, Mr. Socthgate,' he asked, ' give us your yarn at onoe, or else we shall have .a storm down upon us.' THE EIGHTH JURYMAN'S STORY. My Finer Si'Ec. Wei), I suppose I must say something . as its my turn, not that I am -much of a hand at spiffing yarne as we -used to call at when I followed the sea, -but as we've agreed, I -am not the man to go from my bargain. In doing this I shall -have to narrate a few incidents j in a life by no meansiweventful. I may eall Sydney ' my native place, as I was born within what is now -termed tbe suburbs of the city. My father, who -had a grant of land situated on one of the little bays which form Sydney harbour, kept a boat, and as -soon as I was able to splosh with a paddle or 'catch a crab' while learning to row, X was always in .or about the water. An old schoolfellow of miue, : Bill Thomas, whose father -owned and commanded the Midge, schooner, trading to .the islands, was always ready at a moment's warning .to gammon sick 1 or frame any other excuse to stay away from school, if there was a chance of getting father to lend us the boat for a sail or to fish. Many an evening have we pulled up Cockle Bay, with a couple of hundred good-sized fish as the result -of an afternoon's spore, and then, after picking out a basketful of the finest to take home, divided the remainder amongst our playmates and schoolfellows, who always knew that when Bill and I were afloat there was almostoure to be fish about . I was only fourteen when my father died, leaving me to the guardianship of Mr. Heribert— a shipmate of hiB, and with whom he had always been very intimate. I did not know much of him, as he lived near Parramutta, and was not much in the city. His eldest son George, a lad of eighteen, had long been a source of aversion to me ; we rarely met without quarrelling, he ever ready to use his fists, and I as ready to resort to stones or other weapons, using which, I considered we fought on more equal terms. For about ten months after my father died, our house was to let, but tenants were not so plentiful then as now, and not finding one suitable, my guardian accepted tbe suggestion of his co-executor and moved into it. I was again in my .element; true.my boat was gone, but then Captain Thomas had been home and had bought one for Bill, — quite a ship to the old craft in which we formerly sailed. She waB fitted with spritsail and jib ; and, as a precaution against accidents {bo Captain Thomas said,) the Seagull had water ballast, contained in eight small kegs, lsBbed to the bottom boards. Bill end I were never happy unlcsB when we were scud ding about the harbour, and if we could, by any. means Bhorten our school hours to enjoy a sail, we were not nice as to the sort of excuse we framed to tffect our end ; Bometimes he took his sister and my guardian's daughter, Fanny, for a sail; and what with school, boat sailing, and fishing, the time passed merrily until I was seven'een. I often noticed how carefully Captain Thomas used to inquire about our ballast kegs, how regularly he had them overhauled and painted whenever he returned from a voyage, and how on the occasion of his leaving port on the previous voyage Bill had gone down the harbour to see him off. VY hen the latter returned next day, his answers to my questions as to where he had been all night were so vague, and his manner so puzzling, that 1 imagined he had got into some scrape or other. However, boye are not generally given to wasting time by allowing a matter of this kind to occupy their thoughts long, and it was soon effaced from my memory. In about three months the Midge returned. Captain Thomas, evidently in good spirits at his fortunate ventures in trading amongst the Kanakas, said if he could only make a few more voyages without having any other traders on his round he intended to retire and give up the schooner to his eldest son, who acted as mate. As to Bill, he said he thought it was time for him to be_ doing ; some thing for himself, and hinted hie intention to . take him to sea when he returned next voyage. There are few lads who do not imagine that a sailor's life is a perfect state of Ely Bium ; and when Captain Thomas jokingly asked me if I would not like to go with him, Ijumped at the idea. If I could only persuade Mr. Herbert to con sent, how happy I should have been ! And then, I Bhould only be away for a short time, and would bring Fanny lots of coral, shells, and other curiosities, such as generallv formed a part of the return cargo of the Midge. After turning it over in my mind, I decided to ask his consent. I did so ; and George, who was by at the time, supported my request, but his father did not require any assistance in deciding what wae best to be done, so after directing his son to leave the room, he asked me who had put such non Bmse in my head. Had Captain Thomas ? I replied that Bill was going to seB, and I should like to go too, if only for one voyage. Mr. Herbert said I was a fool — that the Thomases had to work for a living, but tliat when I came of age, the rents of my property and investments made forme by my father's executors would leave me a competency handsome enough to enable me to keep a yacht, if I wished to indulge my aquatic tastes. Just then Fanny entered the room, saying, ' Harry, what is this George has got hold of about your going to sea ? Surely, you don't mean to become a common sailor, and get all over tar, and have to climb the masts, and perhaps fall or get blown down, and be drowned.' If Mr. Herbert's arguments had not convinced me, Fanny's evident regret at tbe idea of my leaving them had the desired effect. I at once promised her father that I should take his advice and give up the idea of being a sailor. Two days after our conversation — early in 1835 — the Midge was ready for Bea, loaded with all sorts of goods— amongst them numerous casks of spirits and packages of tobacco. It was the fishing season, and Bill suggested that, as hiB father sailed next day, we might go down that evening and catch a - lot of fish for the Midge, Lines and bait were soon on the Seagull and with a nice north-easter we stretched away towards Goat Island, and a couple of hours we had our kellick down off the Sow and Figs, and were hauling in fish as fast as we could bait our lines. ' What's the good of these cockneys,' said my mate ; after we had several dozen on board. ' Let us stand overto North Headand try for a few schnappers or gropers, there are plenty between there iand Bluefish.' I readily assented, and we were soon after anchored off Bluefish. Bill seemed cureless about fishing, but as for myself I hauled them in hand over hand, until I found the breeze dying away, and night coming on. 'We shan't get home to-night,' I remarked to Bill, ' as the tide is aboutebbing, and the lend breeze is setting in.' 'Oh, very well,' said he, ' we have -plenty of grab, and candles for the lantern, and we can make a night of it.' ' Ail right,'' I replied, and the paiiv of us sat down in the stem sheets, had a feed!* and about 7 o'clock we got underway. Our progress was very slow ; sometimes we caught an air of wind and stood in for North -Head, then we would get becalmed and drift away again. I was beginning to feel rather uneasy as the-ffight grew on, not that I cared about being afloat all night. I had been in Camp Cove too often after '-darkies' for thst, but the idea of tang outonfo tlie -Hettde i other seared me, and as I sat steering the boat I kept watching the HeadB to see if we got any -closer. It must have been about 10 o'clook when -I -noticed what I thought the outlines of a vessel's -rigging between us and the western sky, and called my friend's attention to it. ' All right,' said -he. ' She won't run us down ; but in case -she might do -so, we'll show alight.' Then stepping aft -he took the lantern, end after swinging it to and fro for a-fow moments he made it fast to the weather shrouds. Some time passed before I heard -a voice hailing us with 'boat ahoy,' and -then under the loom ef the land I could just dieoem-a schooner's topmost. 'Why, that's father's voice,' saidiBiU ; ' who would have thought of the Midge . goiug-to sea to-night !' Then taking down the -lantern, he again swung it about, shouting 'All-right.' AVe.got the mast-unshipped, took our oars, -pulled towards the schooner's lights, and were close alongside, -when Captain Thomas asked sharply, 'Is that the Seagull,' 'Yes,' I replied, and was answered with 'Come aboard.' The invitation -was not -unwelcome, and we quickly Responded .to it. -Captain Thomas, who seemed to consider.it a mere trifle that we should be found in 6uch a .position., in answer to my query as to how we should .get hack said, ' Oh- I -am going to anchor for the uight-in Cabbage Tree Bay. You can easily sail haok in the morning.' The Midge then InfleH tin Am* fihnrn Anile usaarp tnlrcn art and with two boats ahead we got into the little bight south of : Manly. ' Y-ou had better go down and turn into my bunk as 1 never .care about sleep when we are close inshore,' remarked the skipper. I at once assented, but soon after was -croused by a noise on deck as of packages .being pulled . about; it soon ceased, and I again got -to sleep. After -a short nap the noise again woke me, and on opening the dead light I saw our -boat was being loaded with some thing heavy. My curiosity was reused, andl saw she soon after left fortheshore. About 2 o'clock Bill woke me tossy that his, father-thought -we had better start for Sydney, and -that he would see us safely inBide .the Sow and Figs, close to which the Bramble, then a revenue cutter, but now used . Cor a different pur pose in the same position, was anchored. With a smart westerly breeze we made the south reef, and vere standing up the -harbour, when I remarked a four-oared boat pulling towards us, and called Cap tiin Thomas's attention to at. He watched her for a -moment, and then, .putting the tiller down sharply, we were about before I could . consider what he meant. We bad no sooner gone alout than the other boat, which before seemed as if wishing to pull ahead of us, turned also, and as we flew along so she too seemed -to increase her speed. After Captain Thomas's apparent anxiety that we should get home, I was surprised that we were again . going out to sea ; I expressed as much indirectly, , but received no reply. We were .fast leaving the other boat.when Bill relit the lantern, and, as I thought in .defiance, swung it about. Straight out to set we went and were about a mile from what is mow known as the lower light, when we .found ourselves again alongside the Midge. The j coincidence seemed strange, but not stranger than the i hasty manner in which our boat -was emptied of the ibalast kegs, and after being hove over until half filled wilt -water, was cut adrift. The Midge was kept going all the time, and we were evidently leaving the land very fast, when it was suggested that I should turn an, and dad so. . Next morning there was nothing but blue sea and sky to be seen; was it .all a dream ? I thought of my promise to Mr. Herbert and Fanny, and -determined to aBk Captain Thomas yrhat it ail meuit. His reply was, 'Why it means a trip to (he Islands.' On the voyage I learned what it didmean. The Midge was part smuggler part trader, and the spirits cleared in Sydney as for the South Sees, were relanded at some point near Sydney pre viously arranged by Captain Thomas with his confederates, who were thus enabled to sell ' liquor cheaper than other spirit dealers could. The care taken about thn ballast kegs of the ' boot was also explained. The Seagull's ballast was not always water : brandy sometimes served as a i subitiiute. The mystery about the boat that we saw oHXaing's Point was also solved, at least I thought so when I knew the ' tricks ' of the Midge's trada, of which the commander of the Bramble must - have had an idea, and hoped to catch us . at it. I confess I was thoroughly frightened when I knew all ; what would they do with me if ever 1 1 wae caught in Sydney, wbb a question ever recur in g to my mind. I grew rather despondent bnt the . Thomas's strove to keep my spirits up, end the old man suggested I ought to put some of my money into a venture of the kind, but I could not see . it. At length we arrived at our destination, end when the .schooner was again ready for sea, it waB suggested that I had better stay behind until she relumed from Sydney in case that there might be any trouble about her last outward cargo. My fears induced a ready assent, and for many months I was almoBt the monarch of all I surveyed. When I re turned to Sydney I found Mr. Herbert and Fanny had left for Fort Phillip. Captain Thomas and the younger members of his family had also cleared out, leaving Bill and his elder brother to, carve out their own fortunes. I could not learn Mr. Herbert's address, and being rather coldly received by the other executor of my father'e will, I considered it apiece of good fortune again to meet the young Thomas's, with whom, after hearing their ex planation of the cause of their father never calling for me at the Islands, I was again as intimate as ever. Ifoansged to raise a few hundred pounds on my prospective inheritance, and with it bought a smart little ketch. Syd. Thomas was appointed master, his brother mate, and- myself supercargo. I intended to go a trading voyage, but in an evil hour allowed myself to embark in a venture to defraud tbe Customs, by running a lot of smuggled goods into Melbourne. There were several of us in it ; the goods were bought and shipped, instructions noted as to what arrangements were made with parties at Port Phillip for landing our stuff, and iu three weeks we were anchored undeT the land near what is now knowD as Arthur's Seat, waiting for night to come to get further up the bay. About midnight we were off Liardet's Beach, and finding the coast clear, we got all our dangerous goods on deck, {loaded two boats, in. the first of which I went myself, and was lending a hand to roll the casks along the sand into the tea tree scrub which then thickly fringed Hobson's Bay, when I heard my name whispered rather than called ; it waB Fanny Herbert. Fright and amazement were speedily chased away when she drew me back upon the beach, saying, ' This is no time for talking. George is in the Cus toms ; some of your Sydney friends have written down and informed on you ; and, about an hour ago, my brother left home to get his men together, boasting as he left he would make a good night's work ef it, and wipe eut old scores with you. I managed to wheedle some information out of him, and have come to put you on your guard.' No time was lost in hiding what was ashore, and hastily giving one of the men a message to the skipper sb to how the land lay, I started the boat back. 1 then saw Fanny safe home, spoke to the servant, afterwards to a police man near Mr. Herbert's door, and wandered back to Liardet's, wondering what had occurred during my absence. The ketch had disappeared, after — as I learned next morning — beating off the CuBtomB .boat. I fear I am taking up more than my share of the time, and will briefly relate what followed. I kept quiet for a couple of days, then visited Mr. Herbert's, met George who pretended to be very friendly, but in an hour afterwards had me arrested for smuggling, resist ing the authorities some and badly injuring of the boat's crew; a warrant was also issued for Syd. ThcmeB. They had their information pat enough, but had as yet failed to find my ?? plant' in the scrub. That night saw me in the slab hut known as the watch-house, situated in what is now Market-square. I knew they hud no actual proof of smuggling against me, unlesB some of our crew were left behind, and as for the resistance, I knew . I was innocent ; but then, thought I, what if they swear that I was on board the ketch during the fray. Fanny was the only soul who could prove to the contrary, and I made up my mind to be con- , victed rather than that she should confess what she had dona for me. About ten o'clock a light footstep outside the lockup attracted my attention. I had a presentiment it was Fanny, and peering through a crack, saw I was right in my Burmise. ' Aeep up your heart it will be all right.' I was next morning brohght before Mr. Simson ; heard George Herbert and some of hiB crew swear to 'certain information received,' finding the vessel, attempting to board, being foiled, and two men badly scalded, I was iden tified as a participator, and considered myself booked for Norfolk Island, when Mr. Stevens, solicitor {en gaged, as I afterwards learned by Fanny), stopped George leaving the box, with — ' What time was this, pray r' ' We went alongaide exactly at a quarter to two.' 'You are quite sure of this }' 'Yes, as I looked at my watch.' ' That is my case,' said the Crown Solicitor. ' And a very poor one,' rejoined Mr. Stevens. ' Call MiBS Fanny Herbert.' I almost pleaded guilty when she entered the box, fearing she W8B going to commit herself ; she proved to my being in their house at the hour sworn by her brother as that of my being off Sandridge. Her crossexamina tion was light, and did not alter the facts. The ser vant corroborated her, and finally the night watch wbb sent for, and testified to a person having spoken to him about 2 o'clock on the morning in question. To the best of his belief I was the man. I was discharged and was leaving the Court when, a strapping young seaman was brought iu, arrested on warrant, as Sydney Thomas, master of the ketch Rosehill. 1 was astonished at the resemblance but tbis was no more Syd. than I was. It was then too late to proceed with the case, and a remand was f ranted. A couple of hours later I was closeted with It. Stevene. I told him all ; haw 1 had been led into the- affair, the fact of my being in Melbourne, as Fanny swore, and also as to the mistaken identity of Syd. Thomas. 'I have seen the affidavits on which the warrants were granted, and they are very strong' replied thelawyer, 'we will try and dothe best we can for him, -l-ut your evidence would do no good. You must in any case confess complicity with the smug gling 6kipper, your evidence will be attainted and you will, probably have another charge brought against you. ' The case was tried, the prisoner committed and convicted at the assizes, on the hardest swearing you ever heard ; five men positively identified the prisoner, who was in reality a runaway seaman, from the Elizabeth, schooner, then on her voyage to New Zea and. 1 Bpared no expense in his defence, but found! could not avert a sentence often years. The Judge said that the sentience was unusually severe because of the cowardly manner in which the Queen's servants had been scalded when doing their duty. The grog lying in the scrub was easily dis posed of, and, cured of adventure, I obtained Mr. Herbert's consent,, and married my old playmate. I made numerous investments in land, all of which yielded large profits, and was as happy as I could wish, but could never forget the poor stranger then suffering for another's crime, and in about three years 1 managed to obtain a free pardon for him. He returned to Melbourne and called upon me. He .-was then quite decrepid, -the result, he said, of Price's peculiar ideas of reforming convicts, and only lived a few months. Of the Thomases or the ketch I never heard more than that they were seen on the coast -of New Zealand bartering. For years I was -enabled, by the annual presentation of a portrait of her Majesty (worth 20s.), to evade jury duties, I had seen .jiuite enough of criminal convictions in seeing Syd. Thomas's sins visited on an innocent man; and seeing how jurors might be deceived by evidence, I formed a .resolution never to be a party to the con viction of a fellow creature who might possibly be innocent. Subsequent events have made me change that decision. At the same time, I can't join with those who cenBuie our friend Smith so strongly as they do. Knowing what I know, lean hardly blame him. X know Mrs. Southgate would not. 15 \Tnw. Mr.^fitnio'oloa ' ani/1 AvMmen ing .the little .men, who still cowered against the wall in the far corner of the room. ' We are waiting for you,.-Sir.' The Ninth Juror, cowering still closer to the wall, as if he expected a blow from some one, and was ducking his headto avoid it, wrinkled his irresolute lips into -what was .meant for a propitiatory smile, and was understood to murmer, ' I'd rather not.' ' Rather not ? ' repeats the Fifth Juror, shaking his head. ?' Oh, come, we can't have that you know. Fair's fair, Mr. Struggles, and it's your turn now, Sir.' 'Decidedly,' say the Sixth and Seventh Jurors, emphatically. ' Why, you're not agoin' to back out, old fellow ? ' Bays the Eighth Juror, soothingly. 'That will never do ! ' cry the other jurors in a ehorus, indignantly. ? ' Thank you— I— I'm very much — mu'— obliged to you, says the timorous Struggles, waving off these appeals with his arm as if he were defending his head Irom a shower of brickbats ; ' I— I'm— deeply— um —sensible of the— um — courtesy — honour— but no thank you I'd rather not.' i Poch ! Stuff and nonsense ! The jury would'nt ] hear of it. The Fifth Juror thought that really, really i Mr. Struggles should oblige. The Sixth and Seventh. Jurors wouldn't hear of Mr. Struggles refusing to fulfil the compact which they had entered into. The chorus of jurors would take no denial, Mr. Struggles's story, gentlemen ; order for Mr. Straggles's story 1 'Really I' — the unfortunate little man directed* his appealing eyes and his propitiatory smile to each individual juror, and finding there was no hope of reprieve, became more nervous and dejected than ever, if euch a thing were possible, ' I — I've really no story to tell you gentlemen ' he gasped. ' Its a — a failing no doubt, but — s — I've no memory for stories — um. If Mt6. Struggles was here now ' said he, brightening up for an instant, ' She could tell you a story gentlemen, or any number of stories. Mrs. Struggles is a very superior woman, but I'm— a— afraid that — ' Oh; this would never do. pair was fair, Mr. Struggles, and excuses would not go down. The Chorus were astonished at Mr. Struggles. Once more, gentlemen— order for Mr. Straggles's story ! THE NINTH JURYMAN'S STORY. CoMMEfiCIAI, MOIIALITY. There was no help for it. The Ninth Juror saw there was no relenting about the Chorus, and as he had'nt the ghost of a will of his own, he resigned, himself to his fate. So he screwed his courage to the sticking place — if so timorous a being could be said to have any courage, and if there were any sticking pluce whatever to be found in the mind of so irreso lute a mortal — subdued the propitiatory smile which would persist in distending his irresolute lips, sat up with his back against the wall, and told hiB story iu the following wordB :— 'I have no story te tell gentlemen, really— no story I mean, such as you have been listening to thiB night. Of course— um — circumstances have occurred in mv life, as they have occurred in the lives of other people, but the — um — circumstances of my life have not been marked with anything which could — ha — arouse your interest, or the interest of any man living, but myself.' The Ninth Juror was quite astonished at his own fluency. Story-telling was quite easy after all, he thought to himself, as he paused for a moment and repeated, with the propitiatory smile spreading all over his face — ' of any man living hut myself.' ' I sometimes think,' continued the Ninth Juror, as the propitiatory smile faded off his irresolute lips, ' that 1 have been a very unfortunate man. No douDt I'm wroDg in thinking so. But I can't help it. So ciety says I'm wrong. My friends say that I've ill used Society. Mrs. Struggles— a most superior woman, gentlemen — a most superior woman, who would tell ysu stories all night long, if she was here — and in the humour, gentlemen — she says I'm wiong. She says I illused her. and brought her and my dear boys and girls to beggary. The world at large says I'm wrong. Everybody says I've not been unfortunate at all. Everybody says I've been a most reckless, improvident man, who has ruined hundreds, and whose own troubles are a just punishment upon him. I must be wrong then. What everybody says mu6t he true, and I'm afraid I've illuEed Society a good deal. Mrs. Struggles — who really is a most superior woman, but whose temper is occasionally — um — a little trying, gentlemen, a little , trying — frequently reminds me that I ought to be at this moment rolling in riches, instead of living re I do from hand to mouth. She, like the rest of Society, won't allow that I've been unfortunate. Np. If you break a leg or an arm, you're unfortur mate ; or if your daughter runs away with your coachman, Society considers you most unfortunate. But to be poor is a felony in Society's admirable — um — jurisprudence. To sink from —ah — affluence into poverty, is not to be unfortunate, ? but criminal in the eyes of the world. To be honest,, and suffer successful rogues to rob you, is a crime far more unpardonable, than to he a successful rogue,, and — um — rob the honest !' The Ninth Juror was so very fluent that he was compelled to pause from want of breath. All trace of the propitiatory smile had fled from his lips, {no longer irresolute), by this time. He Bpoke so deflr antly, and with such an air of rebellion against Society re (represented by the Chorus), that one or tiro of the Chorus cried ' Hear, hear ' Thirty years ago,' said the Ninth Juror, in s _ more subdued tone, and with a sad cadence in .his voice ' this same Society, that now complains of me so bitterly, caressed and praised and made much of me. This same Society was in ecstasies with . me, and scores of those that scorn me nowr would have — um — blacked my boots in those- - days. Thirty years ago I had wealth and influence .- or what was better, a reputation for possessing plenty ? of both. Society courted me consequently. The rich - came to me for advice, the poor for aid, the pious for — um — subscriptions. Nobody then ever thought of say- - ing that I ill-used Society. Society would have spurned any vulgar and presumptuous person who dared to make so false a remark ; — for Society rejoiced over me - and my wealth. When Mrs. Struggles (always a most superior woman; and an — um — ornament of Society at that time) took me for better or for ? worse. Society was under the impression that Mrs. Struggles took me very much for the better, and not at all for the worse. But O dear me!' cried the NinthJuror, clasping his head with his hands, and be coming more irresolute than ever all of a sudden, ' it was altogether for the worse ? It was altogether for the worse !' He passed one of his irresolute bauds acroBS his mouth, and under cover thereof ejected a little depre catory sort of cough, as who should say, ' Don't mind me, gentlemen. I couldn't help it — I reallv couldn't help it.' Which apology the Chorus graciously accepted. 'Thirty years ago,' continued the little man, 'I was the Junior partner in a great banking firm. It - was a very old firm — one of the oldest in London. - My father before me was oneof the pELrtners in it, and his father before him was one of the partners in it. When my father died, and I took a prominent place' in that great firm, it wre at the — um — zenith of its; prosperity. It was a great house — a most respectable and influential house. Its transactions were — um — i stupendous. Its resources were Baid to be — ha — illimitable. It wre, in fact, generally regarded by Society as one of the — um— institutions of the country, and a wonder of the world. The Senior partner of of that great — um — institution wre a sort of supernaturallr endowed being, at whose command, all the treasures of the earth were opened, and every r wish of humanity gratified. _ Society whispered sur prising stories of the Senior partner's marvellous . financial talents — of enormous hits by which the great ? houeehadmadehundredsofthousandBofpoundsofvast undertakings, which completely dwarfed the dealings of ordinary commerce. AVhat wonderful sagacity the Senior partner had ! said Society. What a talent for - combination and calculation of probabilities ? What an enlarged and comprehensive Genius — yes that wre the word— Genius— for turning all that he touched into gold. The Junior partner had his share of these eulogiums. He wre a little lower than the Senior partner in Society's estimation, but still he wre a great man— a very great man. A man with a wonder ful head for business— bo thoroughly at home in the management of details — with quite a Genius for book keeping. ' You see Society was discriminating in its praise, and resigned different degrees Of genius to each of the partners. The Senior partner W8S understood to be the master mind ; the Junior partnef 'Was the effi cient instrument of the master Seeds of thought found the master mind such fertile s*0^ that ? they germinated there with extraordinary rap.'ffityi . and produced— um — designs of surpassing designs which the instrument of the master mina* wrought out with beautiful accuracy. These— um— were the impressions of Society. The Junior partner was supposed to do all the drudgerv and — um — dirty work (for there really was some dirty work done in that great institution); and the senior, partner exercised his— ah — powerful and wise influence over the whole. Society made s great mistake on these points, but it was a very — um — convenient mistake for the Senior partner, who might have fostered itin a quiet way. It wre convenient for him because when anything went wrong Society came Gown upon the Junior partner, and said it wbb all bis fault, and what a pity the Senior partner hadn t managed the thing himself; and when tne firm found it necessary to put the — um — Bcrew on anywhere, Society always thought that the junior partner twisted it; and when the business of the bank was— um— scattered to the winds, and the wealth and power of the great firm were gone to— um ^ cmfi»N Snripty — so just, always SO just — said it was the Juqior'8 partner's fault.' XheJttnth Juror was serf fluent, and very loud ; ' so fluent and so loud that he half scared the Chorus, who were glad when he paused. He made a long pauBe this time. He became irresolute again and surveyed the room, and the countenances of the ChortiB, as if he were juBt awakened out of a dream and wanted to know where he was ? Having completed his surrey he smiled and said softly — *? We had a chief clerk. Ah '. he was a remarkable man 1 Such an amiable, gentlemanly fellow ! With such a head for business — so quick, and sharp, and knowing, and all that sort of thing — with such fertility of resource, and knowledge of the world — with such en — urn — instinct for speculation— oh, a most valuable man, gentlemen. In fact — um — the paragon of clerks. He had been long in the employment of the firm. The Junior partner hadn't a very clear idea where he came from, but as the Senior partner ?evidently had, that was of no consequence. For whatever Society's opinion might be, the actual fact was, that the Junior partner had no more control over the business than a ledger-keeper. He certainly drew a comfortable income out of it, and had a magnificent office all to himself, where he signed orders and vouchers and letters when the chief clerk told him to sign, and read such correspondence as the chief clerk permitted him to read. But he could have given less information about the business of his firm utan any person in it; and Society, of course, accounted.for Ms reticence by saying he was 'such a devilish close fellow, you know.' ' As far as I could make out the chief clerk was supreme in that establishment, and was the real master-mind, while we were his instruments. He ruled the Junior partner with a rod of iron. It was «? Oh, Mr- Struggles, I want you to sign these bonds if you please ; ' or ' There's tMs deed must be executed at once, Mr. Struggles ; ' and the thing was done. It was all right, the Junior partner supposed. Once or twice be made an effort to find out what he was doing, but the cMef clerk in an instant produced such overwhelming piles of documents and corres ondence, and minuteB and vouchers, and pointed out bow this fifty thousand had to go over to this account, and that eighty-four thousand five twenty-six must beBtruck off that account, don't you see, and talked so fast and so politely that the Junior partner waB reduced to an imbecile condition in no time. So he always wound up his investigation, in a very confused way, and comforted himself by reflecting that it was all right, no doubt. 'The Junior partner got married (of course with the entire approval of the cMef clerk and the Senior partner). The lady of his — um — choice, was a most superior woman — (for Mrs. Struggles really is gentle men, and always was, a most superior woman)— and though she had'nt a large fortune of her own she had — -ha — Immense expectations' the little man smacked his lips over thi6 phrase, and repeated it with great apparent gusto — ' Immense expectations.' Her uncle was very wealthy, and regarded her as his heiress, but being rather a closefisted old fellow he did not — um — come down handsomely in the way of dowry. There were some people in Society who were unkind enough to say that old Gargles forced his niece to tnarry the Junior partner, and that she at the time of Iter marriage was violently in love with some officer chap who had'nt a sixpence, and who had gone off to India, where I'm told, he died Tery yellow and shrivelled. However the Junior partner married Miss Gargles. He didn't know how it came about, but the chief clerk and the Senior partner were very busy in it, and the week after the marriage old Gargles put £100,000 in our hands for — um — investment. But if old Gargles had tied his money up in a bag and sunk it in the — ha— Briny Deep,' said the ninth juror impressively, ' it would have been quite as profitably — um — invested. Cld Gargles was quite pleased with his — investment ; and there were hosts of people who would have given their cars for the chance of making — um — similar investments. ' Previous to the marriage the Senior partner be came wonderfully morose and — ha — snappish and care worn. Instead of looking like a high priest of mammon and wearing all the — ha — radiance attached to tnat glorious worship, he used to sneak about the house with a crestfallen aspect, much as if he were a detected pickpocket. Society noticed the change and attributed it to the anxiety inseparable from the Senior partner's immense transactions ; but Lord bless your souls, gentlemen,' cried the ninth juror, in a burst of confidence to the chorus, ' It was nothing of the kind. It was conscience, gentlemen — nothing but conscience. It wasn't very long before I found that out. After I had been married a couple ef months the change that came over the Senior partner seemed to communicate itself to the firm. Even I noticed it, although Society didn't. The chief clerk got more amiable and explanatory and confusing than ever, and the unfortunate Junior partner, always in a dread ful mist of uncertainty as to the state of the business, felt as if he never should be allowed to find out where his handsome income came from. Then the Senior partner gave himself a holiday, finding that in order to keep the master mind up to the mark, it wasnecesBary to take it abroad for a few months. The master mind came back again, and then the strangest thing of all happened. Our paragon left us. The chief clerk said his health was going (the fellow never looked better in his life), and he regretted to say that justice to himself and his family required that he should retire from business altogether. This was a blow. The Senior partner felt it severely, and got more pale and careworn than ever, and indeed it always seemed to me as if he was afraid of the chief clerk, and dreaded some injury from that paragon. He sh a wed Such alarm at the idea of the paragon's quitting the firm that I wandered — um — just for a moment or so — um — whether he had any good reason to fear the paragon. I wondered still more when the paragon subsequently informed me in his most polite manner that the — ha — firm had generously signified its in tion of presenting him with £10,000 as a mark of e8teemand— ha — gratitude! Of course I didn't ob jeot. I was very much surprised, bat I did not object. If the master mind agreed to do it, why ef course the Junior partner supposed it was all right. So the para gon left us, went into business (in spite of his delicate health) on his own account, and speedily became a — ha— millionaire. After his departure the change that was stealing over the firm, and that had stolen over the head of the firm became more and more noticeable; and the Junior partner, always engulphed in a documentary sea in which he struggled hard to keep himself afloat, always in a mist of uncertainty aB to the state of the business, felt more than ever the utter impossibility ot finding out where hie handsome income came from. Society still regarded the Senior partner as one of the high priests of Mammon, and though he grew day by day more gloomy, taciturn, and haggard, Society only said he was too strict in his devotion to his idol. But then there came a greater change than all, a change that laid the brilliant reputation of the high priest in the duet, and completely — um— pulverised the old firm.' The Ninth Juror made a stop and clasped his hands together with a nervous convulsive action. His shrinking form seemed to need the support of the wall as he went on — ' One afteraoen the Junior partner was sitting in his magnificent office, vainly fighting against the pitiless documentary sea, and striving to peer through the mist of uncertainty, and find out where hia magnificent income came from. Suddenly there came aknock at the door of the magnificent office. It was rather a curious knock. A sort of timid, flutter ing knock, as if the person who knocked was afraid of being heard. ' Come in,' said the Junior partner, and added, as the person cautiously put his head into the rocoi, ' What's the matter ? ' It was the head of the firm who entered, and eoftly shut the door, put ting his back against it, as if he were afraid that the Junior partner would escape Mm. NotMng was the matter, he said. But 'here were some papers he wished the Junior partner to look over. They were very im portant ana— very curious, and must he examined carefully. 'But not yet,' said he hastily, as the Junior partner was about to open the packet. 'Not yet; to-morrow, when I'm' — he stopped for a mo ment and then said slowly — ' when I'm out of this.' The Junior partner asked where he was going. No, he wasn't going anywhere particularly, He would be found there as usual — as usual, to-morro w. But the business was very trying. The business was — going to the devil, and he would— get out of this. The Junior partner would be very careful of those papers, for if anything — occurred they would — clear up the business when he was — out of this. And having said tMs in a broken disjointed wuy, as if he were talking in his sleep, the head of the firm stole away again and locked himself in his own magnificent office, in wMch the Junior partner saw lights burning aB, hours after, he left the house. The business is worrying the Senior partner to death,' he thought as he drove homeward. In the grey dawn a messenger came in hot haste and roused him out of his uneasy slumber:, with tne' news that eomethiug extraordinary had occurred at the office. He went with the messenger as quickly as he could, and saw a crowd about the doors ef the office, saw there a couple of police officers who seamed to be on duty ; saw the Senior partner* lying up?n a magnificent couch in hie magnificent office, .dead with hia throat cut from ear to ear. The busi ness had worried him to death. The high priest of Mammon had laid his lsst oblation on the snnne. The high priest of Mammon was a Forger and a Thief, and had cheated the gallews by suicide. The papers that he had left with the Junior partner exulained everything, and- at last the miBt of uncer tainty was cleared away. The Great House wsb insolvent ; had been ao for years, and its head had by repeated forgeries staved on the crisis. The firm was gone. It was struck down and shivered to atoms ata blow. The Junior partner was left penniless, and, worse than that, was suspected of complicity in the evil courses of his cMef. The creditors were furious, and persecuted him in every way until they were tired, as was only natural, for the firm had brought ruin upon thousands. But at last the creditors began to perceive that the Junior partner was blameable only aa a foolish victim, and so they let Mm out of gaol. And Uncle GargleB, although he had lost his hundred thousand pounds, lent a hand and ahipped Ms niece and her husband to Australia, with a small capital to start upon. And here we have been ever since ; and that,' said the ninth juror, once more allowing the propitiatory smile to overspread Ms features — ' ends my story, gentlemen.' A rather sombre silence followed the little man's story. We couldn't help feeling for Mm. We couldn't help seeing that he was one of those un fortunates doomed always to be a victim, who pass through thiB life without pleasure, without hope, only too satisfied to be unnoticed. There was a heavy expiration of relief when the foreman broke the silence by calling upon Jack Sel ford to take up the running. There were no diffi culties thrown in the way by the tenth juror, who commenced as soon as sppealed to. THE TENTH JURYMAN'S STORY. My yarn will give you some idea of what California was when I visited that country, as many of our people did, soon after the gold discovery on the other side of the Pacific. What I shall tell you is all true, mind ; hut you can disbelieve it if you pleas?. I call it a tale of Mexican Vengeance. I was weak in health and woefully depressed in spirits when I ltft the diggings, and set my taee towards Sacramento, on or about the 21st of Decem ber, 1818 ; resolving, if possible, to get down to San Francisco, and away to Australia before the close of the year. What I had managed to save after a long and melancholy fit of illness— during which a silent, lanthom-jawed, tobacco- chewing American, from the Arkansas, had nursed me and watched over me like an elder brother — was, in truth, little enough; but it was sufficient, with economy, to take me back to my own people, and even leave me something to start with beBides, if I could but manage to escape from the loafing ruffians who prowled about on the outskirts of the diggings, and infeBted the neighbourhood of the towns. My companion wsb Charles Edward Plantagenet Hamilton — a scion of that ducal family whose name has so often figured in history, a family that once even aspired t-5 the Scottish Throne, when the sceptre was but feebly swayed by the last of the Stuarts, He had been an attache in the British Legation to some SouthAmeri can State, but being headstrong and reckless, he had quarrelled with his superiors, and had desperately resolved to visit the El Dorado of California, before he went back to Europe. In California Hamilton (or Flood as he there called himself) had been even more luckless than myself; and he was now bent upon getting back once more to San Francisco, in the forlorn hope (subsequently realised) that some compassionate English skipper, or good natured commander in the British Navy, might (for the sake of his titled father and mother, at all events) take Mm back to Ms native land. He told me his story with an engag ing frankness before we started, and I told him mine— both of us swearing faithfully to stand by each other for life and death, as chums. Hamilton redeemed his word ; and when we finally parted, it was with mutual esteem and regret. He went heme to England in her Majesty's ship the Terrible, and I came across the blue -water to Sydney in the Watch dog. Hamilton -was a tittle of the Jack Absolute, but a thorough brick; and, although he must, in the ordinary course of events, soon have a handle to Ms name, and may have quite forgotten me, I don't think I shall ever forget him. As we set ent from the diggings in our prudently selected rags we both laughed heartily at each other; Hamilton being full of quaint and playful gibes oa our tattered wardrobe, and generally wretched ap pearance. ' My lady mother and I,' said he, ' will have many a laugh over all tMs, and you, too, Selford, will frequently recal the time when you were little better than a tramp. N'importe ; if we are tramps we are not scamps. We are young — we have the world before us yet.' — Well, we journeyed from the Jefferson Hills for about two days south-westerly, hoping to come across an English party we had heard of as purposing to come down from the Indian Falls to Sacramento City. We knew, if we could but join them, we should be safe and sure — well guarded along a most tedious part of the road, which wound its way through what was then, for the most part, a dreary and inhospitable waste, with here and there a deserted ranchera, but now, as I hear, made to pro duce vast tracts of waving com, or judiciously devoted to pastoral purposes. It was bitter cold when we left our camp at sunrise on the 24th, and proceeded on our way, till noon, over an open, rolling country, in which there was not the slightest sign of an inhabitant. About mid-day, we left this hilly campaign for a much more mountainous region, and before three o'clock in the afternoon, whilst we were steering our course according to previously received instructions, we were overtaken with a pitiless storm of rain and sleet, wMch drove us to the shfelter of an overhanging rock, where we sat down miserably enough, made our frugal meal, and with some difficulty managed to smoke our pipes. Ere we could again set forward the day was beginning rapidly to decline ; and we soon found that we had lost our way, for the narrow gorge we expected to have reached, three miles to the westward of a weil-remembered peak, was nowhere visible. Under these circumstances, there was no help for it but to camp again, and to wait patiently for the moon, which was t« rise pretty early. The misery of those three hours in the cold and wet I shall never forget ; even the volatile and high spirited Hamilton was somewhat dejected. At length, at about a hslf- a-mile to the right of us, we sud denly perceived a fire, as of a camp, and, as the logs blazed up, we could see numbers of figures moving about in the ruddy tight. 'A camp! a camp!' said Charley, merrily, ' cheer up, old hoy, they cannot refuse to let us dry our rags beside their camp-fire. — Come.' Half stupefied with the cold, I followed my impetu ous companion as quickly as I could, and we soon reached the spot. A sight there awaited us that I shall not easily forget. There were six tall, power fully-built Americans with horses, bowie knives, and pistols, near a large fire of pine wood ; the horses being picketted to some of the neighbouring trees, and the rifles stacked close by. One big, atrocious-looking ruffian, supposed to be on the look-out, was smoking by the fire ; two more were, with their bridles, mer cilessly flogging an unfortunate, half-naked Mexican boy, made fast to a sapling ; and the rest were still more cruelly engaged, offering brutal violence to a beautiful Mexican girl, about sixteen years old — the sister of the poor lad who was being beBten because he had drawn his knife in her defence. The poor young tMngs were obligados, parties brought to San Francisco under a written obligation to do four years' service to whom soever they should be transferred, end sold, when they landed, under the brazen sanction of the authorities. It was a common thing, then, and California, I fear, is not the only country where such things have been done, and yet are practised. It was slavery of soul and body, nothing more or- less— slavery with a pretended deference to the theory of freedom that was a base mockery to the victims. When we saw this shameful scene of villany we rushed angrily into the midst of the cruel gang, and hot and fierce were the denunciations and reproaches that burst from us both— so bitter and so furious that we made them all pause. Recovering somewhat from their surprise, however, they assailed the ' Britishers ' with horrid, oaths ; Beveral pieces were levelled at us, and, for some moments, our lives trembled in the balance. But they did not fire, and gradually lowered their arms, 'The ringleader, or captain of the gang, then came towards us and demanded who were, and why we had thus stolen tike spies upon their camp after dark ; but Hamilton was too far incensed to reply. I told the man, briefly and sullenly, that we had lost otir way, and that, seeing a light, we had thought they might poBBibly be Christians, and had come up to them for shelter and for warmth. ' Wall,' said the ruffian, ' I guess you can stay if you tike; but you had better keep your mouths shut, blind that. Our folkB were hiding this chiquito here for being too 6pry and talkative. Here's some aguar diente, strangers. Sit down.' I looked round at Hamilton. He was deadly pale with wrath and with disgust ; and as his eye fell upon the cowering form of the poor dishonoured girl, his lip quivered, and his eyes slowly filled with in dignant tears — tears of which his own haughty mother would have been proud if she could have seen her wayward son that night. 'I'll die on the MUb, I'll starve and rot before I stoop to eat and drink with such men,' he said with flashing eyes, and with an emphasis that brought all of them to their feet again in a moment. 'You wretches ! you base wretches 1 ' SBid the brave little fellow (he was a mere Btripling, gentlemen, at the time, not eighteen — s boy in years, but a man in his noble heart.) ' Do you know what a man thinks of such dogs as you — you pitiful cowards ? Hod none of you a sister or a mother that you can sink your selves to such an unutterable degradation as this ? ' The captain of the gang sprang forward upon the gallant lad, and pointing his pistol to his heart swore (with a terrible oath) that he would shoot him in stantly if he did not beg for Ms lite, and sue for pardon. But Hamilton's blood was thoroughly up, and his only answer was to tear open his ragged old waist coat and display his breaBt ; in which beat as true and lion-like a heart as ever belonged to any one of his grand old race. ' Shcot! you ruffian,' he shouted, or rather shrieked, ' Shoot ! Shoot ! Shoot a better man than ever you were ; a man that never wronged a woman. Shoot, you beggarly Y'ankee villains 1 Shoot ! ' To my surprise, whether struck with eudden shame, or influenced by some higher thoughts, I cannot say, but the American flung his pistol, half fretfully, half laughingly away, and strode back to the camp fire. 'You tittle British gamecock,' said he, 'I don't know what hinders me from giving you the death you deserve, but you are a plucky young chap, and.I unlike mettle in a man ; that's a fact. You can stay and be damned for anything that I care ; or you can go to blazes ; whichever you please.' Hamilton eyed Mm contemptuously, and turning away, said to me, ' Let us get out of this. They are three to one, and armed to the teeth. We can do nothing ; we can't even muster a pistol between us.' ' For God's sake speak them fair, man,' said I, ' or we shall both be murdered.' And to tell you the truth they seemed more than half inclined to give US a taste of their bowie knives, Hamilton didnotanswer. ' Swear to us,' said the tall ruffian, suddenly — the man who had been sitting by the fire — 'Swear to us that you won't say anything about what you have seen here to the Mexicans.' The desperado brought his loaded pistol close to my head as he spoke. His finger was on the trigger, and I looked straight down into the bright steel barrel of the weapon, which was not more than six inches from my nose. If his hand had trembled, gentlemen, ever so little, I should have come to the grand fnale of my little biography, and not have had the great pleasure of amusing you at this blessed moment. ' Swear as I bid you,' said the ruffian. Life is sweet to every man, and especially to the young. I solemnly swore that I would say nothing of what I had seen at that accursed camp. ' And now the other one ' — said the weather-, beaten rogue, turning tu Hamilton — ' you shall swear too, and on your knees ! ' he cried, in disgusting and blasphemous language. ''Swear, or I will stop your tattling for ever. Who are you, to dictate to iiecbom American citizens as to how they shall amuse themselves. Swear.' But the Captain called the man over to hinf, and spoke a few words to the old wretch in a low voic'?. What it was he said I ceuld not hear, but the man walked sulkily aside, and the Captain waived to us impatiently to be gone. We did not wait to be told that twice, but, retreat ing speedily enough , soon left the camp far beMnd us. As we receded from the circle of the firelight, we saw two of the men go up and untie the boy, who ran, with s wild and agonised cry, towards Ms miserable sister. When we last saw the group, the ragamuffins were standing moodily around them both. We moved on st a sharp pace through the wood in the direction we had come, and soon reached the ridge of the hill, in time to see the moon rise in all her majesty, throw ing a silvery radiance over that wild and desolate prospect. 0. Hamilton was deadly pale, and still trembled with generouB rage. ' If 1 live, 1 swear by ? he said, ' that I'll teach them a terrible lesBon for this — beggar as I am. What is that P' I told Mm I ceuld see nothing. 'But I do,' said Charles. 'Another camp, Jack, another camti ; and this time, thank God, they arc Mexicans. Yes, Mexicans. Don't you see, man. There, to the left, at the foot of that black rock.' He was right, sure enough, and after a quick march of five and twenty minutes, or so, we stepped out of of the wood into the opening before a large Mexican camp, in which there were at least ten fires. The Mexicans and the Americans were, in those days, very bad friends, and a Bharp watch was generally kept at their camps by night — especially at those of the former. A sentinel stood to his arms hastily as we came up, and chaUenged us. 'Quien viva? (who goes there?) ' Soy yo Amigo — amigo Inglese ! ' cried Hamilton joyously, 'Me hace usted el favor de decirme qual es el camino para ir a Sacramento ? ' The answer was given in a sonorous salute of courteous Spanish, wMch immediately outstripped my poor knowledge of the tongue, and whatever it was that Charley then said it had such an effect that the sentinel came eagerly down to my friend and kissed him, lovingly, on both Ms cheeks. Then there came a long and agitated flow of words, in wMch I wanted no interpreter to let me know how eloquently the proud young Scottish nobleman told the tale of cowardly wrong inflicted upon their compatriots. The men ran* to and fro excitedly, calling passionately on every saint in the calendar, and the women crowding round us, ?wept, and invoked the Senora ; wringing their hands and loading the ' Americanos ' with fearful execrations. The horses were brought out from where they had been tethered, and were saddled and mounted with a celerity that had in it something almost miraculous. Twenty or tMrty well armed calalleros were ready in a twink ling, and directed by the fiery Hamilton — who seemed more like a furious Spaniard than a British gentleman — they swept away round the hill side, like a whirlwind, full upon the .levoted camp of the Americans, wMch could not have been more than two or three miles away. Overpowered with cold, wet, hunger, and excitement, I felt myself turn faint and giddy, and somehow became unconscious. When I recovered I was lying in a sort of tent, with three orifour beautiful Mexican women watching anxiously beside the couch they had prepared for me, and they kept pouring down mv throat small doses of good wine, until I was fully restored. Hamilton was lving near me fast asleep, Bnoring audibly. It was tie grey dawn of the Nativity — the Christmas Day that 1 spent amongst the Mexicans ; and queerly as we came amongst them they treated us right hospita bly—the more so when they found that Hamilton was a Catholic, like themselves. The men who had gone off in the middle of the night came back soon after sunrise, and washed their hands before they sat down to eat their breakfast. Who sayB that the Mexicans are net a clean people ? They seemed dusty and tired, but were all obviously well satisfied, except two of them who had gunshot wounds — one in the left arm, and the other in the right shoulder. On the following morning, five of them brought us to within three or four miles of Sacramento City, and there bade us farewell. ' But how is this a Story of Mexican Vengeance t' said one of the jurymen, with a somewhat puzzled air. ' Why just this, that the Mexicans came down upon the Americans tike stealthy tiger cats, and slew them every one, chasing them for miles, till thev got tbem pent into a narrow and dangerous pasB. (there they coolly dropped them, one by one, as they pressed their jaded horses through the steep defile into the open plain beyond. Not a man of them escaped. The Mexicans, as I was told, also shot the horseB ; and dragging the bodies of both man and beast to the edge of an adjacent ravine, pitched them over into the wooded watercourse below. There was none of the party left to tell the tale except the Mexican boy ; his ill-fated siBter had died in his arms, before her fierce avengers came down upon their prey. ?Hamilton knew all about it before we left our friends, but he did not think propgr to tell me any particulars until some time afterwards. He said (demurely enough) that he thought I should, perhaps, be ' nervous ' or ' uncomfortable about it.' I muBt confess he appeared to take it very coolly— more as if the affair had been an act of righteous retribution than of Mexican Vengeance. ' And now Mr. Smith, as the eleventh juryman, we hsye to look to you for a story,' said the foreman. | 'I ain't got no Btory to tell' anBwered he of the. boots, ' and what's more I ain't going to tell one if I had. There now !' 'But, my dear sir,' interposed the fifth juryman. 'It was a matter of general agreement, to which you were a party.' ' I wasn't a party to ns agreement,' replied the obstinate one. 'So it ain't no use a trying your gammon on with me.' ' But Mr. Smith, we must insist—' urged the fore man. ' You may if you like ; but it won't make no odds,' retorted the boots. The second juryman was about to offer some warm remark, when I held up my hand warningly, deter mined to try my power over him. ' Look here, Bob,' said I, in a confidential tone, ' We don't want any thing particular from you— Just tell us how you got lagged!' He had been lying down at length upon one of the forms, but at this he started up, and brightened at once into 'full wide-awakedness. ' Who the miscMef told you I'd been lagged ?' he cried. 'My dear Bob,' I replied, 'No body ever whispered Buch a thing to me. I merely uBed a form of adjuration, common some years back, by which tittle histories were got out of those who had nothing else to talk of than the circumstances under which they reached the colony.' ' None of your poking fua. If I was lagged, I was lagged innocent — there now,' he affiled. 'No one who looked at you could doqbt your word for an instant—' ' I was beginning, wheq he intefo ' rupted me. I 'Just stash that, will you? You're told these here gents as I was lagged, and I mean to tell 'em as how I was lagged innocent!' ' We require nothing more, my dear Boh ; we only asked you to tell ? ' ' I sint agoing to tell no stories, nor nothing of that kind— but I'm agoing to clear myself.' ' Silence, gentlemen,' cried the foreman, for Mr, Smith's narration. THE ELEVENTH JURYMAN Who Won't Tell a Tale. ' It aint a narration,' objected Smith, savagely. 'It's to clear my character.' And then he looked round fiercely, but the fore nan bowing in acquies cence, the Boots commenced. ' I was living in WMtechapel — I'm a Whitecbapel bird myself— born and brought up. It aint a very fashionable place, and don't bear a fust-rate reputation. There's a deal of talk about the shaip fellers there is there, but tLere's as honest fellers there as there is anywhere. I never was anythink but honest, and I made out by jobbing amongst the butchers and cos.ermongers, and odd jobs, and sometimes with a small Tenture of my own in-inguns or turnips, or such like, on a Satur day nights. Though I says it myself, I was a steady young feller, though knocking about, I knowed a, many who TOSH'! tlie square. Father were in. a coal bfirge, ' and mother made a hodd shilling or two by going out or doing days' washing. All of us kids had been miuf to do something to earn a penny as soon as we were able ; but it was a bard thing to make ends meet, specially in the winter time. There was fire or six families in the same house as us, all of 'em with lots oi' 3? ids like us, and one of 'em with a big lnmp of a core like foe, and I was nineteen. It was Christmas eve, and I'd bought two bob's worth of holly down at Ealing, and had bjoke it up into penny sprigs for the poor folks, who likes to_ have a show at Christmas time just as well as the rich 'uns, though the pennv or twopence that goes for the holly often has to come off from the dinner. I'd pretty nigh sold all off by half- past ten. I'd only a few sprigs left, and as I'd made fifteen pence, I was thinking of taking them home to brighten up our own crib. I'd just put the bBsket on my head, when young Betts — that's the young feller as lived in the same house — comes up to me ati oi a hustle, and says he, ' Bob, I've just got a job as'll put a tizzy in my pocket, and as I can't take this here with me, just take it home for us and give it to the old 'ooman.' ' All right, Ted,' says I, 'Give it here. I'm just off.' So he gives me a bundle tied up in a blue hankicher. ' What's thqm ?' says I. ' Oh, its togs,' says he. So I puts 'em into my basket, shoves my basket on my head again, and away I goes home. WeU, I hadn't gone more nor fifty yards, when there comes a rush along the street, with a feller with his face red with running, and. a ssying ' he went this way ! ' to a pair of crushers bs were with Mm. As the rush came by, somebody gives me a shove, I makes a stumble, the basket goes flying off my head, and the bundle shoots out right in front of the red-faced cove. ' Here ye are,' says he ; ' here's the werry blessed handkicher ! ' and he pulls up, .and before I got my self right, the crushers had me nailed. ' Where did yer get that here bundle ? ' says one. ' Ted Betts give it me to take home for Mm. They're his togs,' says I. ' Ted Betts,' says the peeler, ' one of the biggest prigs on the beat ! ' 1 was walked off and lumbered, and spent my Christmas- day in the rowdy ken. On Boxing-day I was committed for trial, and a week arter got seven penn'orth at the sessions. The jury didn't believe my yarn no more nor the magistrate ; and as Ted had made himself scarce, I was bucketted. ' A meet extraordinary case,' here remarked the Captain. ' Nothing extromary about it,' continued Smith; '1 was caught with the things as was prigged, and it was a blue look-out for me to say I got 'em from a thief. But that ain't all ' ? . He seemed warming to his work, and, having broken the ice, was going in a header. ' I was sent to Van Diemen's Land, and, as I still kept steady and honest, I got my ticket at the end of three year. When the gold-fields broke out, I was a free man, and came over to Melbourne to try my luck. Aboard sMp I picked up some old hands who was going gold-digging, and I made it up to go and work with 'em as mates. We was pretty lucky and made a good bit of gold, but my mates was greBt lushingtons and spent the money as fast as they got it ; end as they didn't work steady, always losing a day, and sometimes two or three after their sprees, 1 made up my mind to cut 'em when the claim was worked up, and I told 'em so. About a week arter this 1 got up one morning and missed my hat. I missed it, because it was a way I got to put my hat on first thing, afore anytMnk else. Well, I hunts about everywhere and kicked up a jolly row about my hat, though one of my mates told me several times to hold my tongue and not be a blessed fool. I could'nt find my hat, so I goes on to dress myself, ? and when I comes to put on my shirt — we nearly all wore blue ssrge shirts them days, for they hadn't got to fancy jumpers and crimeans then, — when I put it on I finds a large piece tore out of the breast of it. You may guess I made row enough, that coming as- it did atop of the hat — or atop of the Iosb of the hat. ' Hold yer tongue, yer blessed idiot,' said my mate, as had spoke afore. ' Ain't yer got no sense ! D'ye want to bring the diggers down on us ? ' 'I don't care what comes down,' say6 I, 'I ain't ? a going to be served this way.' ' You'll be served wub, if yer don't keep yer tongue in yer teeth,' says he. ' You ain't the man for it,' says I, and I knew he wasn't neither, ' There, yer everlastin idiot, you've done it now,' says he, and he rolls hisself in the blanket and gam mons to be asleep, just aB four or five coves comes up to the tent. ' Is this here your hat,' says one of 'em. ' Yes, it is, mate,' says I, ' and thank ye.' I held out my hand for it ; when he Bn&tches; it back and sings out ' Man him, boys !' and in a minute, afore I knew what was up, half a dozen fellers has hold of me, and hauls me out of the tent. 'That's him!' says the chap who had my hat — ' Look at his shirt, and here's the piece as he left behind in my hands, and as fits it, right as nine pence.' To make a long story short, they drags me off to the camp, gives me over to the police on a charge of attempting to rob a tent, and 1 was took care of by being handcuffed to a chain fastened round a tree. The cove swore he was woke up by somebody try ing to get his trousers from under his head ; that he'd jumped up and had a tussle with the feller ; that the feller got away, leaving a piece of his shirt in the cove's hand, and his hat on the ground ; and that my singing out about my hat took Mm to my tent. I was committed, tried, and got two year for that business. ' Your mates must haye taken youy clothes!' re marked the first juror. J' Yes, I met 'em at Fontridge after, for they didn't tun long, and one of 'em told me how it waB. ' ' We 11, really, Bob, you have bean made a great victim,' eaid I. ? ?» 'But that ain't all, neither,' continued Smith, who seemed wound up, with no likelihood of running down. ' When I done my two year, I came over to Sydney side, to get away from the bad 'uns, and to get into quiet company. I eet in to work at Tambaroora, and in about six months made a pretty handsome pile. I sold my gold to the bank, and took a bank order on Sydney fortwohundredandforty-sevenpound. l'dgot rather sweet upon a gal up there, and I waB going to stop another month or two, to make a bit more gold, and to try my luck with her, thinking to marry her, and to set up in business, the same as I'm in now. When I told her of the money I'd got, Bhe was all agreeable, and led me on till I thought everything was settled, specially as her father and mother had given their consent. 1 used to go down and spend the evening with 'em, and go home about 10 o'clock, for I kept good hours to get to work of a morning. One night it was very dark when I left her, and I had to walk very careful to my tent, among all the holes. Well, I hadn't got a hundred yards from her place, afore I feels something drop like on the back of my head, the Bky seemed to be all covered with stars, and spsrkeB of flashes of fire, and down Igoes on my nose. What happened arter 1 don't know, for there I lay till just a bit arter daylight, when I comes to, and finds myself laying amongst the holes, with my head bleeding and my pockets cleaned out. My bank order was gone as well as seven ounces of gold, two. five pound notes, three ones, and some silver. As. I sat there, pulling myself together, it came on m,e all of a auddetf that I'd been planted on by the gal, I was savage, there's no denying it, when that come into my head and I jumps up, very staggery though, and I manages to get back to her place. She was a dress ing herself just as I got there, and when I Bhoves open the door, she letg out a screech, ' Go away,' says she, ' you bsfl foB&-»-&o; away ! ' ' LocK here, Jane,' says I, ' you planted on me las',, fclght. Give us back the deposit receipt, and you htay have the rest.' With thai kht fell to abuBing me, accused me of robbing her, and threatened to give me into custody. I made as much row as she did, and presently a trooper comes up, and I was walked off. I was booked again. The gal, and a cove who was in Co. with her, swore as I'd taken two one-pound notes, a brooch, and a pair of earrings from the gal, and that I'd Bhowed fight when they axed me for 'em, and that they'd knocked me down to take 'em from me. The magistrate laughed when I told him as they'd robbed me, and said as I'd have to get the jury to believe that. Well, I was committed, tried, convicted, end got ten year for that ! ' ' Ten years ! ' exolaimed the Seventh Juryman, ' (hen you haven't been long out.' I pever left Batliurst gaol, and only did about three monthB ! ' ' How was that ? ' was asked by several jurors. ' Why you see, when I was in Bathurst gaol, just before my trial, a detective as I'd known on the other side, came in to the gaol, saw me, and spoke to me. He'd come up about some trial or other, and when I told him how I'd been served, and specially about the bank deposit receipt, he promised to work up my case. The way he did it was this. He wrote to the bank to know if their clerk at Tambaroora had given a deposit receipt for £247 to Bob Smith, and if he had they wasn't to pay it to no one till he see 'em. He didn't get their answer till I'd got my ten year ; but he comes to me and tells me that he should lay the matter afore the Judge, which he did, for orders com? as I whs to be kept in Bathurst. My fody and her man hadn't done nothink with the order till I we 6 toafie safe as they thought, and then the cove goes as bold as you tike to the bank to draw the money. 'It's all right,' says the banker, 'the ot det 's righteous ; only you see you must bring some one to prove to us as you're Bob Smith. Any respec table householder '11 do, and then we'll fork out the money.' The cove goes away quite comfortable to get one of his pals who was a householder, making cock sure of the money ; but the banker he sOnds for the detective, and when my man comes back aga.'n be finds hisself nailed. To get hisself out of it, he comb-' it on the gal, like a cowatd as he was ; but it didn't help him, for when Jane found as he'd come it on her, she told ati about it ; and as it was him as knocked me down, he was tried and convicted, and I was let out, the only time as ever I got off, though every time it was somebody else had done what I was lagged for.' 'Mr. Smith,' said the Third Juryman, 'I respected your scruples in the first instance, but after hearing your story, I should be only astonished if you could ever be found to give a verdict of guilty when on a jury.' Bob grinned all over his face. ' Trust me,' says he, ' they don't get no verdict of guilty out o' me,' and he looked down at his boots, as though suggesting that he was prepared to hold out for a week whilst in possession of those articles. ' But come,' said the Fifth Juryman, ' day is already breaking, and we have not much more time for our tales. Don't let us therefore abridge the space that is fairly due to our foreman.' ' Really, Mr. Snelting,' replied the personage thus appealed to, 'I don't profess to be a judge, and should much prefer to be treated as Mr. Speaker, whose busi ness is to look wise and say nothing. You are all so tired that it would take a first-rate story-teller to keep you out of dreamland, and I can assure you I have no gift in that line. ' Never mind, Mr. Surnett,' cried another of the jurors, ' we'll have your story, and chance it.' THE FOREMAN'S STORY. A Bold Client. Something in the concluding phrase seemed to tickle the l'ereman's fancy, or, perhaps, to call up 6ome old recollections. He crossed his legs, tweaked his nose from side to side, like Lord Brougham's, and took an extra sized pinch of snuff from a capacious silver box. ' You'll chance it, eh?' he repeated. 'Droli, now, isn't it? That phrase has helped me to a story, or to something that may pass for one. It reminds me of my first Australian client.' ' Your first client ?' exclaimed two or three voices at once ; ' why, you don't mean to say you were ever a lawyer r' ' Indeed I was,' replied he ; '1 ate my terms like a man, in spite of the fiery wine they used to poison us with; had dismal chambers in Elm Court, and for three years read hard for the bar, or believed I was doing so.' 'Ah!' said Mr. Seymour, who had unpleasant reminiscences of being occasionally shut up by the foreman on points of law; '-ah! that satisfactorily accounts for the milk in the cocoanut ' I am afraid, whatever amount of legal milk 1 may have sucked in those days, there is precious little of it left in my cocoa-nut at present. You have known me only as an active trader — a citizen of credit, I hope, like John Gilpin, if not also of renown- But my life has been a stirring and varied one. I came out to Part Fhillip juBt in the first flush of the gold fever, meaning to make my way to Sydney and try my hand at the colonial Bar. But as luck would have it, I fell in with an old Oxford chum, a Brazen-nose man like myself, who had got tired of bear- leading, and was just starting for the diggings.' ' I beg your pardon, Sir,' one the of jury here inter posed, ' but do you mean that an Oxford gentle man had really been making his living as a bear leader ? ' ' It's only a C6nt phrase, my good friend — a private tutor who travels about with his charge is often called so — I suppose because the pupilB are tike young bears with all their troubles before them. Well, as 1 was saying, my friend the ex-bearleader and 1 went oil' to Tom Tiddler's ground, and picked up gold quicker than such green hands had any right to expect. It was a queer, rollicking sort of life — full of bardsMp, and yet not without a wild kind of pleasure, from the constant excitement joined to a sense of perfect free dom. However, 1 tired of it, or rather I thought I saw my way to something that would pay better. I bad amused myself at first by growing a few vege tables for my 'own uses and had been struck by die longing glanceB which were cast towards my lettuces and cabbages bv diggers tired to death of salt junk and dBmper. l or a time I. gave away all 1 could spare — but it soon struck mc that 1 might do better than keep making valuable presents to people who were able and willing to pBy handsomely. So I extended my operations, took in more ground, and stuck up a board, which was considered quite b triumph of art, wi;h ' Vegetables sold here.' The demand was wonderful, proving to me that Nature herself, so to say, rebelled again6tthe sort ef diet which necessity forced on the digging population. And I may remark in passing, that 1 believe it to be a matter of vital importance that the labouring classes in our country districts— not diggers merely, but shepherds, stockmen, shearers, splitters, and so forth— Bliould have access to a good supply of freeh fruit and vegetables. The slighter forma of scurvy are, I am convinced, very common in these colonies ; and I believe the morbid craving for stimulants wltich leads to all the vice, waste, and ruin of the Australian grog-shop, is often merely a scorbutic symptom. I have often seen a digger eat a whole jar of London pickles at a meal, which he could not have done with impunity had there not been a natural craving for the vegetable acid.' Here there was a grunt from one corner of the room occupied by the recalcitrant Juror. 'Pickles be Mowed — go ahead, Governor.' 'But to return to my costermongering speculation. I made money hand over hand ; no price was thought too Mgh in those dayB for so rare a luxury. Five shillings for a well-grown aauliflower was thought nothing out of the way ; and sometimes the competition for a choice specimen led to a sort of auction which I found won derfully profitable. There were no Chinese market gardens in those times ; but I was lucky enough to engage the services of a stcay Celestial, and from that time it was downright coining. One thinglmuBt here record for the credit oi my brother miners — I never had so much as a head ofi lettuce stolen from meduring neatly two years of my market-gardening, and many a time I got a hand's-turn at the heavy work done for me gratia. Thank. Heaven ! I had no fancy for play ing the fine gentleman, so I worked with a will, and my success in life dates from that cabbage-garden. I saved a snug Utile sum — invested it luckily in land — became kqqym to some moneyed men — got employed as an ageq,y and ended, as you all know, Borne fifteen, years since, by establishing myself among you aa a commission, agent and wholesale storekeeper. And though know and then dream of my old profession, and laney myself arguing most eloquently before the Lord Chancellor, or making an impassioned address to a jury, I have seen no reason to regret my chutge of vocation. Till to-day, indeed, no one, I think, except my wife has heard me allude to my legal experiences. In fact, 1 had no ambition to be made a J. P., and do a dflal of unpleasant work for no pay but abuse. I have often heard objections raised on public grounds against placing storekeepers on the bench, but to my mind the strongest objection ought to come from themselves, and to be grounded on their own private ? interests and private convenience.' ' I don't know about that,' here interposed My. Shepherd ; ' I think if I'd your brains, Mr. Surae^H and your leisure, and a pretty smattering q£ j should rather fancy being a magistrate, it must 'be such interesting work ; besides, it gives a fellow a good lift in the world, I know you've got friends in Parliament, and, if I were you, I'd get put en the Commission of the Peace, and chance it.' ' By Jove ! ' e&id; the foreman, bringing hia hand down on his knee with a good ringing slap, ' by Jove, there's that everlasting catch-word again, and I had. quite forgotten all about it. I've been yarning about diggers, and cabbages, and Justices of the Peace, when I meant io have told the Btory of my first Aus tralian client. ' Why don't you tell it, then, and have done with it r' was the half-uttered, half-suppressed rejoinder, heard from the quiet nook in the cheerless room occu pied by the boots. ' And I will tell it,' continued Surnett, replying as much to his own thought as to the remark wMch had reached him. ' Luckily, the tale, if not a very lively one, is as short as could be wished. And I re member the scene so well — the dingy room, which would have been dark at any other time of the year ; the heavy dismal-looking mahogany furniture; the sober drab-sided law books, daily dusted with reverence, yet always looking as if they had been untouched for yeats ; the silence of the narrow quadrangle, lit up then by a July sun, but at that season more rarely disturbed by a footfall than if the month had been December. I was sitting in my black leather arm chair; apparently studying ' Fearne on contingent remainders,' but in reality thinking on the glories of the approaching 12th of August, and the part my old Westiy Richards would play among the Purdeys and Lancasters of my sporting friends in the Highlands. A light step in the Quad; alight shadow acrosB my book ; a hasty, fluttered knock at the outer entrance, and my clerk thrust Ms head in at the door, saying ^,-tih well-assured gravity, ' A lady, Sir, wishes to consul you.' ' Show her in,' I replied, as calmly as if the appearance of a client (and a female clieitfj* too, of all birds in the air !) were quite an every day occurrence witl. me. And in she stepped ; a- pretty, delicate looking woman, aged perhaps some five or six and twenty yeSfs. She looked lady tikp, though not I should'have ssid, exactly a lady, and was dressed with much care and some taste. Her costume might pass for a half-mourning, but if 80 it decidedly belonged to what the dismal young, man af Jay's mourning warehouse need to call the 'mitigated afflictions.' \Ye had not then arrived at the present advanced stage of barefacedness, when two glazed vine- leaves and velvet caterpillar do duty for a bonnet in the dog days ; but the fabric she wore on her head was of a coquettish fiimsiness which went to the very extreme of the mode. She dropped a tremulous little curtsey, and half whispered 'that she had come to consult me on a very delicate matter of business.' But, madam, said I, as I placed a chair for her, you forget that I am a barrister, and as such can only accept business through the regular medium of an attorney. 'Yes, sir,' she replied; 'but — but you'll forgive me. I'm sure, it is such a very delicate matter; I could never, never tell an attorney about it,' What sort of notion she had formed of an attorney I don't know ; perhaps in those days the colonial attorneys did not merit their style of ' gentlemen' as completely as most of them do now, and she had not been long enough in England to know anything about the heads of the great London firms. Any way, she had hit me on my weak point. 'Pray don't talk of forgiveness,' I rejoined, some what eagerly (for I beg you to remember I was but five-and-twenty, and she was decidedly pretty), ' I'm sure I should be delighted to be of any service to you — but it is a question of professional etiquette. I cannot take business but in the regular manner.' 1 think she saw her advantage; women are terribly quick- sighted in these matters. At all events, she was resolved not to see the difficulty. ' You're very kind, sir, I'm sure,' she said with a charming little blush. ' I think if you would hear . what I have to say, you would be able to advise me without — without any attorney, sir.' ' My dear madam ' — I am not quite sure I did not lay my hand by the merest accident on a nicely rounded arm as I said these words; but then, you know, I was only five-and- twenty — ' My dear madam, tell me whatever you please. I will give you the best advice in my power as— as a friend, and if any legal proceedings should subsequentlv arise, you can con sult me formally.' She dashed into her narrative at once. ' You see, sir, seven years ago next October, I was married to James — my husband, sir — at Sydney, in New South Vales. \Ye lived together for eighteen months ; then he sailed for England in command of a merchant ship, the Boomerang, and, I've never seen him since. And for the la6t three years, sir, I've never heard from him, and he has never sent me a penny. Now, sir, I want to ask you as a lawyer, under these circumstances, may I not take it for granted he is dead, and marry again ? ' 'Y'ou have made strict inquiries after him?' I replied as gravely as I could, for I had now got an inkling of the case. 'I don't say that, sir' — here a little toss of the head. ' It was his business to inquire after me, I think ! ' ' But you have every reason to believe he is dead ? ' ' Well, I can't say that. But I have no particular reason for believing he is alive; won't that do?' I shook my head as gravely as if I had worn the Chancellor's wig. 'Not when he ' has left me all alone, without support !' ' It seems very hard,' I replied, ' but the law generally supposes people to be alive until there is some good reason — better than you have yet given — for supposing them dead.' 'But he had no right,' insisted my fair client, ' to go away and leavehis wife in that manner !' ' Certainly not ; and it showed very bad taste on his part. But, my dear madam,' I pursued, ' you should never keep your legal adviser in the dark. Tell me frankly, have you not very good reason for knowing that your husband is now alive, and en gaged in trading between Sydney and Liverpool ?' It was a random shot, but it fold. She flushed up to the forehead ; but Bhe kepi her temper wonder fully. ' And if I had, sir, what difference would that make ?' ' All the difference in the world, 1 fear, in regard to your present purpose. You know the old song Buys, ' It's well to be oft' with ttao old love Before you arc on with the new.' And the law is of the same mind with the song. If your husband were to marry again now (you see, 1 was on delicate ground, and trod as tightly as L could) he would be guilty of bigamy; They would put lum in prison ('and serve him right too,' she. remarked under her breath), ' and declare your suc cessor not to he his lawful wife. Anil I am afraid if you ventured on. a similar step they would use vou 110 better.' She could not help smiling, but when 'women are in earnest their pertinacity is wonderful. Changing her tack in a moment, she inquired ' whether Bhe could not get a divorce This was before the days of Sir Cresswell Cresswell, and the law was even more strict than it is now with women desirous of untying the matrimonial knot. But I could see that there was no need for my expounding this mystery of iniquity at any length. I merely replied, 'Possibly you might, my dear madam, although the process is very difficult, tedious, and expensive. But then you must prove infidelity and cruelty, as well as actual desertion, on your husband'B part.' ' Oh,' she interrupted, ' you don't know how badly he has used me.' ' And you must also be prepared,' I continued, ' to satisfy the Lords that your own conduct has been ? quite — quite correct, and that you have given him no excuse lor leaving you to yourself.' This was evidently another staggerer — but she put . a brave face on it. 'As to George,' she said, 'I am sure ' — ' George ' — interposed I (it was too bad, . 1 confess), ' why I thought his name waB James ? ' ' Oh ! sir,' she exclaimed, half crying, half ? smiling, 'I thought you understood.' ' My dear lady, I understand perfectly well, and I ? don't wish to know a word more of your history than is necessary to enable me to advise you. You can't get a divorce — you mustn't think of seeking one. You and your husband must either- make it up and ? live together again, or else agree- to differ and go ?your respective ways. The world is wide enough,'1 She caught at the ambiguous phrase. ' To be sure it is, sir, and 1 might marry again, and nobody ever be the wiser. No fear of James looking after me.' 'Don't misunderstand me,' 1 rejoined, quite seriously ; for by this time I was looking at the stem realities of the case. ' Even putting right and wrong out of sight, you cannot safely aot as you propose. Your husband may not objeot to re signing you ^himself, but he is not likely to acquiesce in your venturing a mock marriage with ? some one else. And you would despise him if he did. Besid.ss, there must be many, both. -'in England and Australia, who know your your real ™'Hion, How WUlfl JOU tie their tongues, if you professed to marry again ? And above all, forgive me if I remind you both for your own sake and for that of others, ' that you might become — that you might have— in short, that there anight be children born of that illegal marriage. Think what their position would be, should the question ?ever be mooted.' This IflBt home thrust left her fairly without an answer. I could give her no hope— no countenance in her Bcheme. The law was a stanch Jacobite— all for James and against George. But she bore no malice. She roBe up, Baying very frankly and lieartily, 'I am greatly obliged to you, sir ; you've told me the truth, and I dare say you've advised me for the best.' She shook hands ; made no difficulty about my fee— a very slight one, . as I had already rung for my clerk to open the outer door —and withdrew. But as she swept out of the chamber, I heard, for the first time, those expressive words : 44 I'll Chance tt.' 