DIOCESE OF BATHURST. MATTHEW, BY THE GRACE OF GOD AND OF THE APOSTOLIC SEE, BISHOP OF BATHURST. To the Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Diocese of Bathurst. Dearly Beloved Brethren.— I am now better than four months in your midst. On my first arrival, preasing ecclesiastical business .called mo to the capital, and shortly after busi \- aess of a like nature brought me to a distant part of the colony. . Being thus denied the privi lege of what 1 so ardently desired— at once ad , drawing you on my arrival- 1 determined that my first pastoral should date from this great fes tival—the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin From the moment I had been commanded by the Supreme Pastor of Souls, Christ's Vicar on earth, 'to whom alone it belongs to appoint Bishops to the Churches,' to take the chief spiritual charge of this new and important dio cese, knowing my unworthiness and my inade quacy to so arduous an undertaking, I resolved to have recourse to the ' Seat of Wisdom' and the 'Help of Christians,' and to place myself and those spiritual children, with whom hence forward the union was to be so close, so tender, and so sacred, under her powerful and maternal ijiuucui/uju. ±yv uay appears more appropriate to ask you to unite with me in this solemn act than the Festival of the Immaculate Virgin, which contains ot once, the reason why Almighty God conferred such wonderful favours antl pre- rogatives on her, and why the Church, -always in harmony with her divine spouse, -has ever paid her such extraordinary honours. On this day our Holy Mother, the Church, commemmorates that wonderful and incompre hensible event narrated in the first chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke, verses 20—38. Before proceeding to the developeinent of this sacred theme, allow me to turn aside and hold a few moments, personal conversation with you. A few months ago I came amongst you a stranger, save in name, and you gave me a re ception the highest in the laud might well be proud of. ' For miles you escorted me in triumph to my Cathedral, and you pledged me- your esteem, love, and obedience in beautiful' ad dresses. That the eloquent words you spoke were deep seated in the heart could be read in every countenance and every act of yours towards me since that auspicious day shows how sincere those words were. From the nature of the case it is manifest that no personal qualifica tion could have called forth these rejoicings. Your strong attachment to our holy religibiv— your faith, of which I have witnessed so many proofs since I came amongst you — your warm love and deep veneration for the Vicar of Christ, and your unbounded confidence in his choice of your Bishop were the high and holy, jn&tives; which prompted these acts of devotion ip my humble person. I thank you from my inmost soul, and I avail of this solemn occasion to pro claim how deeply I appreciate your acts of devotion and attachment, and the noble motives from which they spring. They show beyond a doubt, that you have lost nothing of those warm hearts, that practical knowlelge of our holy religion, and the ardent attachment to the Holy See which you brought with you from the old country. Being appointed by the Vicar of Christ 'to feed the flock of God which is amongst you,' those feelings of charity must be reciprocal on my part, and I rejoice exceedingly, and give thanks unceasingly to the Giver of all good gifts for having placed me over a flock, which, from the very commencement, has united so cordially with me, aud whosp attachment to the Rock of Peter appears the more ardent, the greater the perils that surround it. May this union of pastor and flock, and of both with the centre of unity, be ever entwined with the sweet bonds of Charity, and may they ever serve as an example of the efficacy of that prayer of our Divine Lord at his last supper, ' Father, Isthat they may be one, as we also are one.' ':. The Catholic Church teaches, and most of those who call themselves Christians, - belie ve that the second adorable Person of the All Holy Trinity became man not merely in appearance and form, but in substance and reality. He as sumed our nature whole and entire, and became as really and truly man in time, as he was God from all eternity. This assumed human nature subsists in the divine person equally as the divine nature so that he is at the same time true God and true man— two natures in one person. Such is the great and adorable mystery of the Incarnation, on which hinges the whole economy of our redemption. The 'Word' could not suffer unless He became incarnate, (the Divinity is impassible,) and His sufferings in the flesh re ceived their divine value from the Hypostatic or mysterious union of the human nature in the divine person. The Word Incarnate laboured and toiled, and suffered, and ±iis labours and toils and sufferings had an infinite value, because they were His personal labours, and toils, and sufferings ; His person being divine, they were the labours and toils and sufferings of God. It is literally true, therefore, that a God was con ceived, a God was born, a God was suckled at the breast, a God ate and drank, a God slept, 'a God obeyed man, a God preached, a God suf fered, a God died on the Cross. And why ? be cause Christ's human nature subsisted in his divine person ; and as the act of everv being must be personal, these acts must be the'acts of God. It is clear, therefore, beloved brethren, that it was through his human nature Christ purchased for us our redemption, and every grace and blessing wo receive through his suf ferings. Where did He take this human nature ? In the chaste womb of the Virgin Mary. St. Luke narrates the mysterious event with minute de tail. The holy evangelist tells us that ' the Angel Gabriel was sent from God into the city of Galilee, called, Nazareth, to the virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the House of David, and the virgin's name waa Mary,' —that he hailed her with the title 'fnll of grace,' declared that she had found favour with God— that the Lord was with her, aud that she was blessed among women, — and then announced to her, 'Behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and thou shalt bring forth a son, and:1 thou shalt call his name Jesus.' Mary said to the angel, ' How shall this be done because ,L know not man.' The angel answered 'The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee and the power of the Most High shall overshadow thee and therefore also the Holy that shall be bom of thee-. shall be called the Sou of God.' Mary said, ' Behold the hand-maid of the Lord, be it done unto me according to thy word.' And on the instant the ' Word was, made flesh and dwelt amongst \is.' — St. John, i. 14. ' TlxuB, beloved brethren, to use the eloquent words oc a holy man, and of one of the greatest writers of the day, 'Mary was a mere instru ment in God's dispensation. The Word of God did not merely come and go— He did not merely pass through her as He passes through us in Holy Communion — it was no heavenly body which the eternal Son assumed, fashioned by the angels and brought down to this lower world No ; he imbibed, he sucked up her blood and her substance into his divine person — he became man of her,' and hence 'She is not merely the mother of our Lord's Manhood, or of our Lord's Body, but she is to be considered the Mother of the Word himself — the Word incarnate.' She is as really, and truly, and substantially the mother of God as the mother of any of us is our mother. Oh, beloved brethren, how sublime, how in conceivable, is the dignity of the Mother of God ! Bowing down in humble adoration before the wonders of the Most High, we can only say, in the words of the Aposble, this dignity 'sur- passeth all understanding.' And how pure, how spotless, how holy must she have been who conceived, brought forth, and folded in her arms the ' Holy One !' We know that she was chosen from all eternity by the all seeing eye of God, to be his mother — that for this end she was conceived without the stain of original guilt, and that God enriched her with all those graces and favours befitting her wonderful calling. She had all the virtues in their plentitude. . She ?surpassed in sanctity the saints and the angels, and the whole Court of Heaven. She was raised as high above every created being as the mother of God is above his servants. What bounds can be placed co the sanctity of her who is the mo ther of sanctity ? Oh, beloved brethren, let us 'Magnify the Lord, because He hath done great things to her.' 'Henceforth all generations shall call Her Bllessed.' Mary's love for us, and her power to assist us, are commensurate with her incomprehensible dignity, and surpassing sanctity. Jesus shed the last drop oi his blood for our redemption. He loved us with an infinite love. 'Having loved his own who were in the world he loved them unto the end.' St. John, xiii. 1. Now who ever loved Jesus as Mary loved him ? What must have been the extent of her charity to become the worthy tabernacle of the Lord of Glory ! How must this love have been lighted up and intensified by becoming His mother— by bearing him nine months in her chaste womb — by a thousand fond embraces while she carried him in her arms — by the heavenly conversations of thirty years ! Oh, yes, her love for Jesus was unbounded ; it was greater than the love of all other creatures taken together ; it was finite only because she was finite. . .v Now, it is the property of love to assimilate the lover to the object of' his love. How deep, how ardent, how intense, then must be the- love of Mary for us ! It can only be measured by her love for Jesus. And her power to assist us ! Oh ! it is the power of a mother with a sou, and of such a mother with such a son ! Having so deep seated a love for us, how sweetly, how tenderly, how lovingly must she not plead our cause with her Divine Son, and what petition of hers can He reject? Hence it is jbhat that the Church calls on her so often in the divine office, and has instituted so many festivals in her praise. A month of the year and a day of the week are set apart for her honour. Does not the Church point her out as the Morning Star to light us through the difficut path of this world ? She is the Seat of Wisdom, the Health of the Weak, Refuge of Sinners. Our Life, our Hope, and our Sweetness ; our life, because she brought forth Jesus to the world, and she brings us to Jesus ; our hope, because her aid is powerful, and she languishes to bestow it ; our sweetness, because she smooths the rugged' paths of this life, and sweetens our passage to next. Oh, yes, tender Mother, your love for us is unbounded, and your power to assist us is unlimited. You are the 'Help of Christians,' and under this title we solemnly choose you this day as our patroness, and we place ourselves, Pastor and flock and our whole diocese, henceforward and forever, under your powerful protection. Ob tain for us, by your intercession, strength to burst the bonds of evil habit and fly to you for aid to abandon sin. Give us a holy horror of sin and love for the observance of the command ments — teach us the practice of those virtues which shone so brilliantly in your life to be humble, pure, sober, just. Bind us together here 'in the unity, of spirit and the band of peace,' and lead us one day into the mansions of eternal bliss, to praise with thee for ever the Blessed fruit of thy wonb, Jesus. The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit, Brethren. Amen. \+ MATTHEW, Bishop of Bathurst. Bishop's House, Bathurst, March 16fch, 1867. ; . 