THE NORTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB ANNUAL MEET SECOND DAY. STEWARDS'. Faircloth, Esq., J.P. ; R. Little, Esq.; E.M. Royds, Esq.; Hon. J. P. Bell, and P. Cardew, Esq., J.P. Starter : Hon J. P. Bell. Clerk of the Course : H. Campbell. The attendance at the races yesterday was not so large as on the previous day, but, nevertheless, was considerably in excess of what was anticipated, for the " off" day of a Scot is invariably the dullest of the three. There were more ladies on the course than on the first day, and the number of fair equestrians was specially remarked. His Excellency was not present. The weather was everything that could be de- sired neither too warm nor too cool. Order reigned supreme throughout the day. No cases of absolute intoxication came under our notice. The racing was not to be compared with that of the previous day, for there was scarcely one event closely contested. The programme began with the Hurdle Race, and all the horses entered came to the post. This race was soon reduced to a match between Fusileer and Bob Ridley, for the others either could not or would not take the fences. There were several spills in the course of the race, but fortunately no accidents occurred, and the victory was eventually secured by Fusileer, the fastest horse and the best force of the lot. The Hack Hurdle Race, which was the next event, brought out a field of six, but, with the exception of Baron, they were good for nothing. The only horse that attempted to race with Baron was Lot malone, and though he went round the course once, he apparently considered that quite sufficient, for he obstinately refused, in spite of the whip and spur, to take the first jump in the second heat. Three out of the four entered faced the starter for the next race, the St. Leger. North Australian was drawn, no doubt for the purpose of reserving him for the succeeding race. Of course, Blair Athol was at once pronounced the winner for he must have been in very bad condition before the bulk of the people present would assert that the horse which had proved so dangerous an antagonist to the re- nowned Fishhook could possibly be beaten by either of his antagonists. He was still rather too fat, but in spite of the assertion of a veteran j ook, " that he looked too pretty to do much good," his appearance justified the' support he received in the betting circles. Chancellor looked very well, but was not much fancied, as the wind was taken out of his sails by his more celebrated rival. Of course, in such company, Gladfield, even if he is " a fine colt, was not expected to do mach and therefore the game way in which he ran created some surprise, and raised him considerably in the estimation of sporting men. Some little excitement was caused by the plucky way in which he raced Chancellor for the honor of second place. The Flying Handicap proved an easy victory for North Australian, who has not yet been forced to exert himself to any extent, so that his actual capabilities have yet to be discovered. He is, however, already looked upon as very ; dangerous and not to be despised even in the sister colonies. The expectations of most people were disarranged by Grey Wallaby beating the favorite Ipswich mare for second place. Kildare was expected to show up better than he did especially as he carried less weight than on Tuesday, when he proved a winner. Only three out of the six entered for the Prince of Wales Stakes came to the trysting post, and of these Seclusion was considered the safest to invest on. The result proved that public opinion may sometimes be relied on, oven on a race-course. A Hurry Scurry, which was got up after the day's programme had been disposed of, fell to Wanderer, of horse who distinguished himself by carrying off several races of a similar nature at the Metropolitan Meat. Several private matches were run during the day, but do not call for particular mention. Subjoined is a detailed account of the differant events. FIRST RACE. HURDLE RACE of 50 sovs. ; three times round the course ; over nine leaps four feet high ; weights to be carried-2 yrs., 8st. 12 lbs. ; 3 yrs., 7st. 3lbs. 4 yrs., 9st. 2lbs. ; 6 yrs., 10st. ; 6 yrs. and aged, 8st 4lbs. Entrance, 4 guineas. Hon. R. Pring's (ns.) g.g. Fusileer, aged, 10st. 41b8.(Glooson) 1 Mr. B. Powell's g.g. Bob Ridley, 5 years, 10st (McCabe) 2 Mr. J. Nolan's b.g. Tall Boy, 4 years, 9st 2lbs. dis. Mr. T, Sowerby's blk.g. Hamilton, aged, 10st. 4lbs. .(ÜB. Mr. H. Missing's br.g. Barrister, 5 years, lOst. dis. There was little or no betting for this race. ( The lot were despatched to a very fair start, and Hamilton was the first to show in front. Barrister, who was ridden by a black boy, pushed him hard up to the first hurdle and cleared it first. Hamilton, Fusileer, and Bob Ridley followed in good style, but Tell Boy refused the leap, and lost all chance of the race. At the second jump all the horses baulked, with the exception of Fusilier, who took the leap splendidly, and secured, a strong lead. After several attempts the other horses followed, but on passing the Grand Stand for the first time round, Fusilier was some distance in front, with Bob Ridley second. It here became evident that the race was virtually a match between the above- mentioned horses, for all the others either baulked the leaps, or blundered to such an extent as to deprive them of the ghost of a chance, and were eventually all distanced. There was a very close race between the two greys, and at one time it seemed very probable that old Bob Ridley would prove the winner, for Fusilier fell at the last jump the second time round, and threw his jock jy, who, however, was quickly up again, and after the grey, who had obtained a strong lead. After a sharp struggle Fusilier regained his former position at the hill, and lead the way past the winning-post about a dozen lengths in advance of his antagonist SECOND RACE. HACK HURDLE RACE of 25 sovs., for all untrained horses ; weight for age ; mile heats ; over three leaps, 3 ft. 6in. Post entrance, 2 guineas. Mr. J. Fletcher's br.g. Bacon, aged (Fletcher) 1 1 Mr. M'Aually's chg. Lot melone, 4 years. (Owner) 2 dies The following horses also started, but were all distanced. Mr. Thorn's Black Eagle, Mr. Sling's Stranger, Mr. Harpur's Queensbury, and Mr. King's Tinker. There was no favorite for this race ; for as most of the horses were comparatively speaking unknown, no one attempted to prophecy the result of the race. FIRST HEAT The signal was lowered to an equitable start, the whole of the horses getting away on pretty fair terms. It, however, soon became _ apparent that Baron was to be the winner, and so anxious was he to force the running that his jockey had hard work to hold him in. He cleared every jump at the first attempt, and won as he liked, Let-mo-alono secured second position after twice displacing her rider. The other horses proved to be wretched fencers, and refused almost every leap. They were all on the wrong side of the distance post when Baron caught the judge's eye. SECOND HEAT Only two horses, Baron and Let-me-alone, faced the start for this heat. The former took his jump in capital style, and leaving his antagonist undergoing summary punishment at the hands of his jockey for obstinately refusing the first hurdle, cantered over the course at his leisure. A private match between Mr. H. Thorns had. Little Dorrit, and Mr. Munroe's g.g. Barney, came off in the interval between this and the next race. The mare, who had been brought in from the bush, forced the pace for the first half mile, but at the back of the course, when passed by Barney, could not respond to the call of her jockey, and in spite of a vigorous application, followed the other horse past the winning post. THIRD RACE. The NORTH AUSTRALIAN ST. LEGER of 75 sovs., with a sweepstake of 5 sovs. each added, for all three-year-olds. Colts, 8st. 7lbs. ; fillies, 8st. 4lbs. ; no gelding allowance. Half forfeit if declared by the 11th of May. H mile. Second horse to receive 20 sovs. from the prize. Entrance, 5 guineas. Mr. ROSS" Blair Athol, 3 years. 8st. 7lbs. . (Koon) Mr. W. Ruddle's go. Chancellor, years, 8st. 7lbs. (Owner) Mr. L. Flannery's oo. Gladfield, 3 years, 8at.71bs.(Chifnoy) North Australian was drawn. BETTING. Blair Athol was a decided favorite, and was backed at odds against the field. Immediately the flag was lowered, the three left the post in close company, but after a few strides, Chancellor took the lead, closely waited on by the favorite. These positions were retained with little alteration for a considerable distance, but at the back of the court " that fine colt," Gladfield, put on a spurt, and assumed the lead for a short time ; but at the hill] he retired in favor of Blair Athol, Near the long distance poet Chancellor made his effort, but his pace was not sufficiently good to enable him to come to the front, for the favorite, when hip jock let him go, increased his load with the greatest ease, and won without difficulty, with hands down. A capital race for second place ensued between Chancellor and Gladfield, which resulted in favor of the former. FOURTH RACE. The FLYING HANDICAP of 5 SOVS. each, with 75 sovs. added, for all horses, to be handicapped by the Stewards or whom they may appoint ; one mile. The second horse to save his stake. Entrance, 4 guineas. Hon. R. Pring's the. North Australian, 3 years, 7st. lib. (Bennett) Mr. J. Nolan's g.g. Grey Wallaby, aged, 8st. 8lbs. (Winterbottom) Mr. W. Thompson's cm. Proserpine, 6 years, 8st. (Tyrell) Mr. L. Flannery's brig. Kildare, 4 years, 9st. 3lbs. Mr. T. Sowerby's b.g. Prince, 6 years, 7st. 5lbs.... .... Premier and Bodeona were drawn. North Australian was backed at three to one against the field. After a short delay, a capital start was effected, and Kildare in a few strides deprived Grey Wallaby of a slight advantage he had obtained. The favorite occupied the third position, hard hold. After a few hundred yards had been traversed the favorite was allowed to come up, and it became evident that the race was virtually over, for although the others did their best, none of them could catch him, and he went past the winning post in the commonest of carriers. A fine struggle for second place terminated in favor of the grey horse, who defeated the mare by about half a length. Time, 1 minute 55 seconds. A private match between Mr. F. Coulston's Colonel and Mr. Digby's Shakespeare, for £5 for two miles, each carrying list. 4lbs was won easily by the former. Another match for £5, between Mr. Prior's Araby and Mr. Coulston's Traveller, for half a mile, was won by the first named horse. Mr. M'Gill's Prospect also defeated a horse of Mr. Hack's, and won the prize, viz., £5, for his owner. FIFTH RACE. The PRINCE OF WALES STAKES of 50 SOVS., with a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each for the second horse for all horses ; the winner of the Maiden Plate excluded ; mile heats. Weights to be carried 2 yrs., 6st. 12lbs, 3 yrs., 7st. 3lbs. 4 yrs., 9st. 2lbs. ; 6 yrs., 10st. ; 6 yrs. and aged, 10st. 4lbs. Entrance, 5 guineas. Hon. J. P. Bell's ng. Seclusion, 4 yrs. 9st. 2 lbs (Powell) 1 1 Mr. R. Little's o.g. Shamrock, 6 yrs., 10 st. 4 lbs.(Flannery) 2 2 Mr. H. Thorn's g.g. Orlando, 4 yrs., 9st. 21hs.(Cunningham) dis. Surplice, Tal Tal, and Chance were drawn. Seclusion and Shamrock were the favorites, but the former was, if any thing, the most fancied. As soon as the signal was given, the three left the post on very equal terms. Orlando was the first to show in front, and forced the pace for a short time, but he bolted off the course and was distanced. The roan horse filled the vacant place, and though at times hard pressed by the chesnut, especially at the back of the course, he managed to keep the road and after a sharp contest up the straight, won the first heat with comparative ease by a length. The second heat was reduced to a match between Shamrock and Seclusion, The latter got the best of the start, was never collared, and won easily by a length. A Hurry Scurry was afterwards got up. Seven horses started, but Mr. M'Fadden's Wonderful proved the winner ; Little Dorrit a good second. This concluded the second day's sport. The settling on the races is arranged to take place at the North Star Hotel, on Saturday, at 12 o'clock. 