TOPICE OF THE DAY. A telegram was received on Saturday by His- Excellency, announcing the arrival of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh at Melbourne, and enquiring in the name of the Prince after His Kxcellency's health. We understand that a large and in fluential requisition, is in. course of signature for Mr. Councillor Winter o f Kobe Ward, which will be presented in the begiuniog of the week. We beliere it has not yet been men- tioned in the papers that His Royal Highness, on the second Saturday of his visit to Adelaide, accepted the invitation of the Hon. J. Baker to lunch at Morialta. An influentially-signed requisition was presented on Saturday to Mr. Sinclair (Mayor of Port Adelaide), requesting him to allow him self to be nominated for candidate for the ensu ing year. Mr. Sinclair consented to do so. Mr. Henry Jackson, late dispenser in the Adelaide Hospital, has been presented with a highly complimentary testimonial, signed by the House Surgeon and nearly all the servants of the Institution, on the occasion of his leaving for KapnnHa We are requested to state that Sir James Hurtle Fisher was on the list of guests invited on board the Galatea on the evening preceding her departure, but the officer in charge calling out "Mr. Fisher,-' Mr. Daniel Fisher responded to the call, and thus Sir James was left behind. Bosh fires have commenced their ravages in this neighborhood. A large extent of country was on fire on Wednesday, near Ninnes Plains, and on the same day dense volumes of smoke were seen rising not far from Tickara. Grass is so abundant on the Penin sula, and is now getting so dry, that it is feared squatters and farmers will suffer severely during the coining summer from bush fires. — Wallaroo Times. There has been a scarcity of fish during the past week or two. Scarcely any are to be found within 20 miles of the coast. It is go uncommon thing for fishermen to be out all night fishing and have to return in the morning with barely enough fish for a breakfast. Crabs, too, are remarkably scarce. Formerly, at this time they used to be plentiful, but during the present season, very few hare been met with.— Wallaroo Times. There has lately been considerable mor tality among the fowls in Wallaroo. Some virulent disease has attacked numbers of them with fatal results. We hear of scores dying daily. When once attacked they rarely re cover. Nothing in the shape of physic has yet been found to be of any benefit to them. One symptom of the disease appears to be a paralysis of the legs, for after being attacked the fowls are unable to stand, they fall down, and in the course of an hour or two give up the ghost. If this epidemic continues, people will have to go upon short commons in respect of poultry at Christmas. - Wallaroo Times. We regret to be informed that a des perate —we might almost say a murderous— aaaanU. was committed on two Sheriff's officers at the residence of Mr. O. H. Gilles, Glen Osmond, on Friday evening, about 9 o'clock. It appears that tha officers were in charge of Mi. Oilles'fi house and effects under a. JL fa. fromi the Supreme Court. The men in charge, asceiv Uining that some property was being removed, went out to recover it, when they were set upon by six men and four women. One of the officers was beaten so cruelly that he was senseless for two hours, and the other was shamefully ill used. Gilles and Thompson hare been arrested on warrants issued by Mr. Beddome, and the others will be dealt with afterwards. Such is the information with which we have been furnished. The case will be heard before the Police Magistrate this morning. A friendly rifle match took place at the Butts on Saturday last, November 23, between four members of No. 1 Company (West Ade laide Bifles) and an equal number of No 4 Company (South Adelaide Rifles), which re sulted in favor of the former by 36 points. Dnriiig the match a strong wind was blowing-, I which made it rather inconvenient at thestand "^SS 6*8-^ Hus distances were 200, 300, 400, and 600 yards, fire shots at each distance. The following are the aggregate scares: — No. 1 Company. No. 4 Company Ft M. Leonard ... 51 Sergt Robiohns 45 PfcJ. Morcom ... 50 CorpL Cottrel 19 PtG. Hicks ... 39 PtVenahles Z 38 PL J. Hicks 33 Pt A. W. Dobbie 35 Total 173 Total At a meeting of the Port Adelaide Cor poration held on Friday, November 22—present the Mayor and Councillors Godfrey, Butler, Hams, and McDonald—the Town Clerk re ported that the overdraft at the Bank amounted to £318145. lOd. The Overseer of Works re ported the employment of men repairing road at the junction of Commercial-road and St. Vincent-street, and slated thatGeo. Prideanx had completed his contract for making embank ment Resolved, that the men employed by the Corporation be sworn in as special con stables. The Town Clerk was directed to write to the Chief Secretary, enquiring the reason of the grant in-aid not having yet been paid ; also asking for an additional sum on account of the south embankment vote. Tenders were ordered to be called for making the second portion of the southern embankmeut. The Council then adjourned until Thursday next. A. poorly attended public meeting of the laboring class of Adelaide was held at the Cumberland House, Elizabeth street, on Satur day evening, November 23, for the purpose of taking into consideration the wages question in connection with the approaching municpal elections. The chair was occupied by Mr. Win. WHlment. The proceedings were advertised to commence at seven o'clock, but k was nearly half-past eight before the meeting was opened by the convener, Mr. J. Fitzgibbon, 'who re- marked that he had. ascertained from the City Surveyor that he reduced the wages of the Corporation laborers to ss. per day by order of the Council. He (Mr. Fitzgibbon) would not hay" Minu-d the Corporation for lowering the rate of uages if other employers had taken the initialivi', hut li* did most strongly object to their !*-ing tiio first to introduce a reduction, and lir acting thus he considered they had materially injured the working classes. (Chi-crs.) lie moved "That in reducing the wages of laborers in difference to all other employers of labor the Corpera tiou of Adelaide have proved themselves false to the trust reposed in them, as conservatives of the interests of ail classes." Mr. P. Martin seconded the motion, and stated that he believed if tbe question as to why the wages had been reduced was pat to each of the Councillors they would all deny any knowledge whatever of the matter. In his opinion prior to a reduction being made the public should have been consulted, and consequently he considered the conduct of the Council most censurable, but thought that the Mayor was less in fault than the Councillors. (Bear.) After considerable discussion the motion was withdrawn, and a. proposition carried appointing Messrs. J. Jones, Henry Clrments, and I*. Martin a deputation to wait upon the Council on Monday, and enquire who of its members were instrumental in ob t lining a reduction of the wages of the Corpora tion laborers. A vote of thanks to the Chair man closed the in. cting. We regret to announce the destruction by fire of the mill, with a considerable quantity of stock, of Messrs. Dunn & Co., Port Adelaide. About a quarter-past 5 o'clock on Saturday morning, November 23rd, Police- constable Leahey had just come on duty when the first thing he descried was a quantity of smoke issuing from the North- East comer of the roof of Messrs. Dunn's mill. On meeting one of the men employed by Mr. Reynolds he requested him to give the alarm to the Police Sation, whilst he him- relf ran to the scene of the fire. Sergeant Brown immediatly roused up Mr. Ashmeade of the Waterworks, who at once turned on the water into the main. The police in the meantime, under charge of Sergeant Brown, carried the reel belonging to the Waterworks to the mill. About 20 minutes elapsed before the reel commenced to play, and by this time it appeared as if the whole of the inside of the mill was a roaring furnace, and flames and volumes of smoke rushed through the roof, which was quickly destroyed. In the meantime an immense stream of water supplied from the main was being directed through the windows, which being of very thick glass were with difficulty broken for the purpose. About a quarter-of-an-hour after the first reel was on the ground, Captain Simpson's Insurance Company's reel followed, and was immediately directed against the burning mass. By 6 o'clock the two reels had managed to get the fire under some control, and by half-past six o'clock entirely so. By this time, how- ever, the roof, and first floor were entirely destroyed, the second and ground floor being three parts consumed. The offices, which were on the ground floor, escaped destruction, as also the engine-house, containing the engine and boiler. The new chimney stack was not damaged, neither the galvanised iron store, which contains about £10,000 worth of grain. The wheat stacked outside the mill as well as the firewood also escaped destruction. Great credit is due to the few who worked at the reels. On the Waterworks reel arriving, it was under the direction of Mr. Ashmeade, assisted by Messrs. J. Roberts, Dorien, Saunder, and Halsey; that of the Insurance Company by Mr. West, assisted by Messrs. Forbes, McCarthy, Honey, and Sullivan, and subsequently Mr. John Neill arrived and directed this reel, and later Captain H. Simpson. About 7 o'clock all danger to the outbuildings was at an end, and by twenty minutes past 7 the Supe- rintendent of the Fire Brigade, Sir. A. J Baker, arrived from Adelaide, and immediately took the direction of those working. About 9 o'clock 10 tons of bran, which was stacked on the second floor in that portion which was not de- stroyed, burst into flame. Luckily this danger was averted by an immense stream of water from one of the reels, and by 10 o'clock the fire might be considered extinguished. In the afternoon, about 20 men from Messrs. Dunn and Co.'s Mount Barker and Bridgewater Mills arrived by the L4O train and managed to recover about 400 bags of wheat, which, on being emptied out, was found to be damaged, and an immense quantity was shovelled out of same place totally spoilt. Until stock has been taken it will be impossible to state what is the loss sustained through the fire, but there were from 800 to 1,000 bags of wheat on the first floor, and the other floors were pretty fall of flour, bran, and pollard. The loss sustained in stock is cer- tainly not less than between £3,000 and £4,000. The mill and machinery were insured, but there was no insurance whatever on the stock. For- tunately the entrance from the mill to the gal- vanized iron store was fireproof, and conse- quently the wheat in the latter—not less than 10,000 bushels was quite uninjured. The books and papers of the firm were saved and taken to the residence of Mr. John Dunn, jun. This gentleman was soon at the scene of the fire after the first alarm, and working with great energy. Mr. Hill (one of the firm) later in the morning also arrived. The former gentleman on the arri- val of the Superintendent of the Fire Brigade re- tired to his residence, being taken suddenly ill. The walls of the mill are left standing, and it is believed are not seriously damaged. The manager of the Mill (Mr. Manson), on enquiry, informed our reporter that the mill recommenced to work on last Thursday, and on Friday night worked up till about 0 o'clock, when the mill was stopped, and soon after closed for the night. There was no guardian left in charge. On Saturday at 5 o'clock, on looking towards the mill he saw nothing to alarm him there being no signs of fire, but a short while afterwards the alarm of fire was raised, and he proceeded to the mill. We may mention that Captain Franklin, of the St. Leonards, on becoming aware of the fire called the attention of the first mate of the vessel to it, and the latter jumping on shore, asked the lumpers on the wharf to go with him and assist in saving the property, but their reply was, " No, let the b—y mill burn ; he knocked down the wages." On the partners of the firm asking men about the Port to assist, some refused altogether, and others asked what they should receive for the work. An inquest will be held at 10 o'clock this morning, at the Sussex Hotel. The match commenced October 19, be tween the Norwood and United Commercial Cricket Clubs, was resumed on the 23rd inst., by the Norwoods .going to the defence to com plete their first innings, which having been done, the score-sheet showed 91 nns to thru credit, being 27 in eroess of the Commercial's fiist innings. The Commercials then com menced their second innings, and obtained 88 runs, leaving the Norwoods 62 runs to get to win, which were easily obtained by them, with the loss of only two wickets, thus leaving the Norwoods victors by one run and eight wickets to spare. The batting of Pink stone and Nottage, and the bowling of Hillier, Pinkstonc, and Stack, for the Commercials, wss very good; also, the batting of J. Gooden, Spiller, and Morcom, and the bowling of Cole, Townsend. and J. Gooden for the Norwoods was praiseworthy. Messrs. Bedman and Aldridge as Umpires, and Messrs. Reedman and Morcom as Captains, acted for then: respective sides. We append the scores, from which it will be seen that no less than five substitutes were allowed the Commercials: — Norwood Club. First Innings. Second Innings. Spiller, b. Pinkstone ... 8 not ont ... 23 J. Gooden, b. Pinkstone 21 not out ... 24 Dow, b. Hillier 0 Morcom, b. Pinkstone ... 12 b. Stack ... 1 Leaver, b. Pinkstone ... 3 Lb.w., b.Stack 2 Townsend, b. Pinkstone 0 C. Gooden, not out ... 14 Tyrrell, c Hoare ... 1 Cole, b. Piskstone ... 4 Denby.b. Pinkstone ... 5 Byes 21 10 Leg-byes 2 0 Wides 0 3 91 COMMEECIAL CIOB. First Innings. Second Innings. Headman, c J. Qjoden... 4 b.Cole ... 4 Pinkstone, b. Cole ... 22 b. Cole ... 7 Dutton,c Morcom ... sb. J. Gooden... 10 Tarlton, c. J Gooden ... 1 sub.b. Townsend 1 Hoare, c Ironside ... 2 runout ... 1 Nottage, c. J. Gooden ... 4b. Towasend... 12 Donald, b. Cole 0 sub. b. Cole ... 1 Mossop, b. Cole 0 sub. b. Cole ... 18 Hillier, b. J. Gooden ... 1 sufc. b. Cole ... 0 Tompkins, b. Morcom ... 7b. J. Gooden... 4 Tinning, not oat ... 0 sub. not out ... 2 Byes 9 IS Leg-byes 2 0 Wides 7 10 6i 88 