MR. MONTGOMERY'S HAMLET. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-With your permission, I will reply to .. your correspondents on the only material point in controversy between us-the sanity or insanity of my Lord Hamlet. The theory I hold is this That he originally feigned madness ; his motive for so doing being left in doubt by the dramatist. It is not very probable that Hamlet's introspective habit of mind had apprised him of the alarming fact that the germs of insanity were latent in his ,, nature, and were liable to be quickened into ' pernicious activity by severely depressing or greatly exciting circumstances. From the moment the ghost communicated to him the particulars of the murder, and urged him to' revenge, Hamlet's reason was unsettled. But the malady was intermittent. He had lucid intervals, in which he conversed and acted rationally ; and it was this very inconsistency of conduct that puzzled the courtiers and has perplexed the critics. Polonius who, with all his geniality and pomposity, was an eminently shrewd observer, and who, ' knowing nothing of Hamlet's super- natural shock, imputed his derangement to love has described, with perfect accuracy, the stages of physical disorder through which Hamlet passed before reaching a condition of dementia. He " Fell into a sadness ; then into a fast ; ' Thence to a watch and thence into a weariness : Thence to a lightness ; unit, by this declension, Into the madness wherein now he raves, . And we all wall for." Now this, is Dr. Conolly points out, " might have been copied from the clerical notes of a student of mental disorders. We recognise all the phenomena of an attack of mental dis- order consequent on a sudden and sorrowful shock first, the loss of all habitual interest in surrounding things ; then, indifference to food, incapacity for customary and natural sleep and then a weaker stage of fitful tears and levity, the mirth so strangely mixed with extremest grief ;' and then subsidence into a chronic state in which the faculties are generally deranged." Hamlet, it is true, protests more than once or twice that he is not mad ; but such asseverations are constantly made by the insane. He challenges inquisition ; but so do mad- men, and frequently battle for hours and days together the inquiries of the ablest barristers and the most experienced physicians. His language is coherent, his reflections are philosophical, and his replies are pregnant j" but, as Polonius sagaciously observes, this is a happiness that often mad- ness hits on, which reason and sanity could not so prosperously be delivered of. But in the last act Shakspeare makes Hamlet himself resolve all doubts in the minds of his family and friends as to the reality of his madness by acknowledging to Laertes that he (Hamlet) had destroyed Polonius and driven Ophelia to distraction, despair, and death under the influence of lunacy : " You must needs have heard how I uni punished With more distraction. What I have done, That might your nature, honour, and exception Roughly awake I here proclaim was madness Wan t hamlet vvrongoU, Laertes Never Hamlet. If Hamlet from himself be taken away, And when he's not himself does wrong Laortcs, Then Hamlet does it not Ilainlot denies it. Who does it thou ? Ills madness. If the so. Hamlet is of the faction that is wronged ; > The madness Is poor Hamlet's enemy." Here; then, Hamlet is impaled on the horns of dilemma. He had been either mad or sane.' If some, such an attempt to evade the moral responsibility of his actions by pro- tending to Laortcs that he had been out of his mind, and excusing ' his conduct on that plea, would stamp him as guilty of the ' basest falsehood, chicanery, and cowardice. It is impossible to believe him to have been capable of either. He was brave, ' honourable, and truthful ; though vacillating and irresolute. His brutality to Ophelia and his-murder of her father, were the acts of a madman and in this lucid i terval when his mind had been solemnly and tranquillised by the presentiment of h own death, he freely confesses and deplore his madness, and speaks of himself with self-pity, which is very natural and infinite touching. The shadow of impending deal was settling down upon his mind. "The wouldst not think," he pathetically e claims to Horatio, "How ill all's lie about my heart." His friend interposed with a gentle " Nay, good my lord but the Prince, interrupting him, observe "It is but foolery ; but it is such a kind gain-giving [i.s., misgiving) as would, perhar. trouble a woman." Horatio offers to empty his mediation with a view to postpone a duel, but Hamlet rejoins, " We defy augury and proceeds to reason like a fatalist, " it be now, 'tis not to come," &c.; The ne: moment his opponent appears upon the scene, and it is at this solemn juncture the Hamlet "proclaims" the reality of his ma ness, and adjures Laertes to believe he while making this public " disclaimer a purposed evil." Is it conceivable th if Hamlet had been feigning insanity throughout he would, at such a time, in such a pr sence, and with such a presentiment of deal at his heart, dare to confront the dree "something after death with a coward lie upon his lips? "WouldHoratio-of who Hamlet had said that he was " e'en as just man as ever his conversation coped withal " with a full knowledge of-and who musical known so well-the falsehood of the pit have talked of flights of angels singing the soul of a slain perjurer to its rest' As I have already intimated, many of the doubts which have been entertained with respect to Hamlet's derangement have arise from the surprising brilliancy and profusion of his mental speculations. But what is; one of the greatest French authorities (A. Esquirol) on this very point ? " Presque for les aliens confess I mean soils ... - lawyer on June grande activity de faculties intellectually el morales quite evident redoubts dinners quelque terms avant faces. " Again after ever such access of frenzy, Hamlet appears I have had a, lucid interval ; a circumstance which Shakspeare, with his amazing knowledge of mental derangement or disease, has not omitted to acquaint us with for when the Prince and Laertes, after wrestling o Ophelia's coffin, leap out of the grave, an Hamlet "mouths" and "wants," the Queen exclaims : ' " This is mere madness : And thus a while the fit will work on him Anon as patient as the female dove, When that her golden couplets are disclosed, His silence will sit drooping" If any one will be at the trouble to turn in the Anatomy of Melancholy! of Shakspeare contemporary, Burton, he will find all the symptoms of Hamlet's disorder-" the melM cholla attention of nosologists"-described wit the minutest accuracy in a chapter from which I cannot forbear making the following quotation "They [are. the persons so as articled) are of profound judgments' in some things, excellent apprehensions, judicious wise, and witty for melancholy advanced men's conceits more than any human whatever. Fearful suspicions of all, ye again many of them desperate hail brains ; rash, careless, fit to be assassin ages, as being void of all truth and sorrow. Tedium vita: is a common symptom they soon are tired with all things.-seqidtu mine vivendi mine moriendi cupids ; ' often tempted to make away with themselves vivere nolunt, 'more prescient ; they cannot die they will not live ; they complain, lament weep, and think they lead a most melancholy; life." To those who lay great stress upon Polonius remark, "Though this. be mad ness, yet there's method in it;".as'im'plyin! that the chamberlain suspected the reality of Hamlet's frenzy, I would reply in the worth of Horace:-"Insanire parel certo rations modoque! Horatio's absolute silence 'on the subject has, little or no significance Either way ; yet it is interesting, to observe that, after the first, act, everything lia ; says-The Hamlet is soothing and acquiescent! ' He never thwarts him, never argues with him, never contradicts him-he humours and in- dulges him. He assents to all he says with an invariable "Ay, my good lord," and con- ducts himself towards the distempered prince with a delicate and sympathetic consideration, with a relative gentleness, in which compassion for his malady is blended with a tender friendship for his old friend and fellow student. It is unnecessary to occupy your columns with quotations from the tragedy since everybody can consult it-to show that Hamlet was believed to be made by his mother, his uncle (whose opinions, however, wavered on the subject), Polonius, Ophelia, and the people of Denmark ; but it would help us to a settlement of the matter in controversy, if we could ascertain how the character of Hamlet was played in Shakspeare's theatre, under his instruction, or with his sanction, This can only be arrived at inferentially. The lines in Burbage's " Funeral Elegy :" "No more, youngllnnilct, though but scant of breath, Shall cry ' Revenge for his dear father's death ;" will not assist us much ; but in the writings of contemporary poets and dramatists of men who had seen "Hamlet" played at the Globe or at the Blackfriars Theatre, and had spent convivial evenings with "Gentle Will" at the Mel maid-we find allusions to the hero of the tragedy, which denote, I think, that his insanity was a commonly accepted fact. Thu8in " Eastward Hoe," the joint production of George Chapman, Ben Jonson, and John Marston, published in 1605, a foot- man named Hamlet enters, and is accosted by a standard-bearer in these words :-" 'S Foote, Hamlet, are you mad?" So, too, in Decker's " Bel-man's Nightwalkes," published in 1912, we lead the following: "But, any mad Hamlet, hearing this, small village, and rush in to see what the tawny divers are doing," &c.; And, again, in Antony Scoloker's poem entitled "Daiphantus," published in 1001, occurs this couplet : " Puts all his clothes ; his shirt he only wears, Much Uko mad-IIanilet ; thus as passion tears." It only remains to quote the opinions of some of the greatest of Shaksperean critics and commentators on this much-vexed question. Goethe's well-known dictum is that " Shakspeare meant, in the present case, to represent the effects of a great action, laid upon a soul unfit for the performance of it. In this view the whole piece seems to me to be composed. There is an oak tree planted in a costly jar, which should have borne only pleasant flowers in its bosom-the roots ox panel, the jar is shivered." Professor Gorvinus, the Most and not the least eminent of Shakspeare's exporters in Germany, quotes and adopts Goethe's view of Hamlet's distemper, which he thus analysis and unfolds :-" The cause of this extremity of dejection lies in the events which befall him, events which suddenly impoverish him, which rob him, as Goethe says, of the true conception he had formed of his parents, which unhinge his mind, and call upon him a tide of affliction, sorrow, uneasiness, and dire forebodings, which, in the course of their fulfilment, produce unrestrained derange- ment." Coleridge declares that Hamlet's wild ness is but half false." Gttizot asserts that he was " mind from calculation, and perhaps slightly mad from nature." Thomas Campbell, while disbelieving that Hamlet's mind was absolutely diseased, obsorves:-"Mostcorlain it is that his whole perfect being back received a shock that had unsettled his faculties." Dr. Maginn says :-" Hamlet is doubtless insane ; but the species of intellectual disturbance, the peculiar form of mental malady under which he suffers, is of the subtlest character." Dr. Torriar, the learned author of an Essay on Apparitions, published in 1813, terras Hamlet's mortal distemper " latent lunacy," and remarks, "ne feigns madness for political purposes, while the poet means to represent his understanding as really (and unconsciously to himself) Whingcd^by,the cruelties cumstances which he is placed." Mr. R. G. White, thehighestShakspcrian authority in the United States, contrasts " the fierce madness" of fear with the "weak intellectual disorder" of Hamlet. M. Philarète Charles traces the derangement of the melancholy prince to the ghostly revelation he had received a "Sa communication received avec le- monde des esprits jette dans son intelligence les premiers versus. de la folie." And Professor Villemain has thus felicitously indicated the mixture of simulated and of real insanity in Hamlet's, conduct:-"Par^ivne combination singular, Shakspeare a represents la folie feints Russia souvent que' la folie Ellesmere; even if a imagine de les miler toutes deux dans le personage bizarre d'Hamlel, et de joindre ensemble les eclairs de la maison, les ruses d'un garment calculi, el le disorder involuntary de lame. Cardinal Wiseman considered that the question of Hamlet's insanity had been finally disposed of by Dr. Conolly, who had conclusively shown that the prince was " labouring under real madness, yet was able to put on a fictitious and artificial derangement for the purposes which he kept in view." , I am aware that a contrary opinion was held by Sir Henry Halford ; but his excellent essay on this subject was effectually dealt with by a Quarterly Reviewer, in 1833, whose article may be consulted with advantage by Shakesperian students and psychologists. I submit the foregoing arguments and authorities to the attentive consideration of your leaders and have only, in conclusion, to offer an apology to A. M, who, I trust, will - ' Free me so far in his most generous thoughts, That I have shot my arrow o'er the house, And hurt my brother. I am I sir, your most obedient servant, JAMES SMITH. Melbourne, 3rd August, 1857. [This controversy must now positively cease and determine. ED.] 