. THE BRITISH CAPTIVES IN ABYSSINIA.» Tho in torce t whioh would, ia ordinary circumstances, have been ozaitcd by 'tho publication 'of additional papers relating to tho Abyssinian affair, ' whiob, havo' Wn' printed in return to the address of tho Houso of Cdmtnnns on tho subject, will bo vastly increased by tho tidings just received of tho esonpo of tho priesaers out of tho hands of tho Emperor Thoodorue. Tho cor-, j respondeuco now added . to Ibo already voluminous documonts before the pubilo oxton'ds to tho number of IOU letters, besides enclosures ; and the datos ranga from November 9, 1855, to'July 27 in this year. The moro facont of tho communications aré tboso addressed, to Lord'Stanley ,by, pcrepbs ot ontcrpriso.-'havinga knowledge, of tho country in which tho missionaries aro or were' held'captive,' together'.with his lordship's rc-: plies." ' Tho .suggestions and offers of personal, eervico made by Captain W. Parker^ribw aro tho moat etrihing p lints of these Istor dooUmonts. Captain Snow relics in a groat dogreo on hiß power of disguising himself, and, proposes to ont jr Abysssinia from tho eaBtina.an Arab. Advor'ing'to bis,many extraordinary dealings wiih " tbe most savage races of mankind,'' bo soys : V It may appear absurd to relato, how-sometimes .as an acrobat, then a medicina man, next, a grave reader of thoBtars, :or a'laughing rnorry-ondrow, but always' .kind and goalla SB well as firm-I havo got on. Play- ing witbthe ohildian, admiring the womou (QÛ matter how ugly), and biimouring'the raen (who uro often bu big babioB), I have passed scatheless throuxh will people whpi beforo and aftorwnrds (most remarkably ii two cosf-B, Australia and' Tierra- dol Faego), murderei tho wiiito men - visiting tbein. A bold, fierce dash with no shadow of timidity, is, howover, necessary, ao( they respect it." lt ia impossible to givo, within tho space allowee by tho other requirements of a newspaper, an ahatrao that shall convey any thorough and ? vivid idea ol the strange .'Story .involved .in these let tor B Tho Emperor Theodorus contributes some cf tht most wondor.ful .epistles eyer printed to . thii varied and interesting inoBs. They aro written in tb( Amharic and of courso translated into En.-lish ; and they invariably beuin with a mixturo ot'religion and oourtly compliment, ia thia fashion: .''In.the name ol the Father, of¡ tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, one God, amen. From the eervant of our Lord and Hie crested Being,'the eon of David, tho »on of Solomon, tho King sf Kings (of Ethiopia), Theodorus, to her whom God hoa,ei»lted abovo nil sovereigns and glori- fied above all princes and peoples, and made the de» fender of the Christian- faith, and tho succour of thc poor avd oppressed. Victoria, Queen of the United Iyingdom of Groat Britain nnd Ireland.'' On tho 29th of January, 1800, tbo Emperor thus dolivors himself : .' " Had tho illustrious Hormuzd Ras'sam, whom your Mnjcsty has mentioned to us in your letter, not been sent to us about tho matter of Cameron and other», but the lowest of. your servante, be would have-.been receive! graciously by us. Wo, now send, with Hormuzd Bassnm, .Cameron and dil the other Europeans about 'whom -your Mojesty1' bas written. . 'Your Majesty can learn' from those who fear the Lord tho ill-treatment and abase whioh we havo reooived .at thu hands of tho above-mentioned ; Europeans and tbaCppt. who,oille-l hinisslf Metrópoli :ton,tbo Aboóna Salama, In my humble position I am not worthy: to address your Majesty,' but illustrious princes and the deep'beean can'bear everything. <? I, being an ignorant Ethiopian, hope that your SI Jj es ty will over- look my shortcomings and pardon my faults .The people whom we haye imprisoned for their reviling'and defaming .Ua 'did ab bocanso tho Gallas bádiproved victor ¡one ovor the toyal children of' Israel, and had humbled thom ; but 'God has'.empowered me, the eon of ono of.the humble women of Israol^to.rcgain that which has been lost by my forefathers. Doubtless your Majesty has learnt how, ignorant nnd blind tbopcoplo of Ethiopia" are i wherefore I beg of your Majesty not to Uko amiss i the mistakes I. may make in my corres pondenne with'you. Counsel .me, bat do nat blamo i me, O Queen, whose majesty God has glorified, and to whom ho has given abundance of wisdom." Tho promise so submissively' made in the foregoing letter wad immediately afterwards broken, with an additional flagrant violation, of faith, Mr.'Bassnm him- self-" the .illustrious Hormur-d Hassnm," l ns ,be is called by tho Krnporor Thoodorus-being, . together with his companions, made fellow-prisoners with Mr. Cameron and the rest. , Mr. Fiad, tho Gormad missionary, writing to the Earl of Cl'irondon, -points to certain evidence that the Emperor had .formed an intention' of .keeping Mr. Bassnm as well as the others in order, to get a kosa," or ransom, from tho Queen of England. 1 lt was bis < wish ta hava skilled artiennn «»nt. nut tn him. .. t<i nnnn - bis eyes," ss Ito repeatedly, said. In a letter to ona of bis officers. Dotaty Tad là, commanding the detention of the Europeans, bia Majesty /snya:-^" By the power of God; I, tho King of Kings; TheodoraS/sm well.'- . 'Wo havo been angry with our friends and with those Euro» peans. who say we go to our country .aodwe are not ytt reconciled. .Until wo consult what we are going to do take1 bold of them, ( but do not' make thom uncomfortable or afraid/und do not hurt them." Afterwards tboy had an'interview, th us, narra tod by Ur. Fiad: "As soon as we had approached near his Majesty and received his. salutation, wo. fell down ito the ground asking his Majesty to forgivo ond to pardon us. Wo were ordered to get np, and to cerne nearer. Wo had the honour to tako a sest on a csrpot. The King brought forth, the-pétition of tho relations of tho English prisoners, which bad.br-en sent from Slasaowah by Ur. Bebe, i Oiptain Cameron was asked to road it After that tho King said, "It Ullin devil who made me angry with you, and »hi tempted mo to destroy the i friendly feotings1 existing- since the late Mr Plowden between myself and . England. From my obildhood ! I liked tho Europeans, especially tho Englieh; and God knows that from morning till ' evening I had no other desire than to get in alliance with the English nation. It is true that, by the power of God, I will fight tbs Turks.; but thoro-nover nroBO a thought in my mind to tight with tho Kngliah What-I wish is, tho' they shall love me and be my friends. Mr. Rtern,Said he, ' you aro quito innocent: it is not you who abused mr,-'it is that Copt, who calls himself a monk and a bishop. Ile made me angry with yoa, and bo abused nie. And. Mr. Flid, God kiowa I never had any bad feeling against,him. He never com- mitted anvthing which could make me angry-with him. And Mr. Rnseam, you aro the best man I over saw.in my lifo, and you did nothing which could make mo angry with you, The other a ay, it is true, my suspicion aroso, but it was tbe devil ; and now we will make pëlico. forgetting everything past, and by actioss of love we will renow our friend- ship. Now, I pray you , all forgivo me.' The King immediately fell down tn the ground before us, >Wo asked that bis Majesty might arise find forgivo' bc, ibut he refused ; so we said, according to'the custom of the country, ' For God's snko' wo forgive you.* And immediately wo, knot-led down before bim, liegging him to forgivo us, on which ho answered, ' For God's sake I forgive,you,' After this ceremony we hid.td sit down.. Then the King1 said that each of us-should write a letter to bis relations, and givo them the news that hu Majesty, by tho power of God. and' for tho friendship's sake of tho Queon of Enuland, had par- doned and released us. and that we benod to soe nnd meet them BOOD. After this wo were dismissed. The King DOW told Mr. Rassatn that be wiahod him to ttay with him u'ritil tho Queen of England] would send him a ' kasa,' existing. In artiste, machines, and tools, eco., for wbiob purpose, he should ,jiow write letters, and eond one of (ha Europeans, who would como back and bring back the' ' kasa.' " .' Mr. Fiad was chosen to.be the emissary to ' England from tho Kmporor andibis captives. He urged on his Majosty the advice to sond Mr. Baasqm ; butThoodorus was obstinate, and would have no othor messenger than the ono be bad at first eelcotéd. ' -?? Letters from tho Rev H. A. Stern to bis wife, and other correspondence full of personal narrative, help to fill this blue.book, and to rspko it ns .interesting AS any work of modern Ditton.' Wbilo tho prisoners were in ahainc, or shortly ofter they had boen thus secured, they continued to'receive letters full of compliments from tho Emperor, ono .of these missives being as follows: ''lathe nome..-bf .the Father, ?on, and Holy GhoGt^ ono _ God. * ' From Gad's slave and His created being, tho eon' of . David, the ' son of Solomon, tho King of Kings, Theodorus. To my .friend and counsellor, the servant-of> tho Queen, of England. Hormuzd HasBam, , Esq.-My. desire is that you should eond to her Majesty tbo Queen and obtain for ma a man who can moko cannons and'muskets, and' ono who ean'smelt iron, and an instructor of attillery. I want tlieeo people to como.hero with tboir instrumente, and everything necossary,for their work, and then they shall itcaoh us and return. By tho powor of God, for-1 ward this our request to Englind." , ' ' Dr. BldAo, Stott" Assistant Surgeon of her Majesty's i Bombny ' Atmy,' who : : was*, attached toi tba Abyssinian ' tnuaion, and , is one ot., tho., pri- soners,, gives, , a .history,, of the .^Emperor's oareor. As Llj 'Car;aá¡, a young man of good family, nephew to tho colobratod Dijaa Gomfó'u, if not, as ne asset ts, a: descendant of the'Ethiopian klnge, ho followed the very common oxamplo of Abyssinian feuda- tory chiefs- by throwing-.off bia rollcgianco, td ,bis. eoyeroign. Haying .finally conquered Abyssinia by subduing tho powerriil Tigré chief, Dijon Oubie, ho was crowned Emperor by the name of. 1 hoodorus. His troaobcry ia thus dosoribod by Dr. Blane :." I could adduce hundreds of instances tovlllustiata tho utter. wotthlesenesa of his most Doored oaths, if a few ¡were not Bufflaioht to show how vain-it is to believe anything ho anya, In his cunning./ho always endeavours to.cover .his troaohnry byt >some -paltry oxouso. He plundprod . Dembea becauao . tho inhabitants wore'' too frioiidly-towards tho Europoant, Gondar becaueo ono of our messengers had . been betrayed by tho Inhabitants,of that city. : He likes, to. shelve, tho odium of hia.cruelties on,.tba Europeans or priest whenever it is possible. Ile destroyed Zagi, a largo and populous oily, booauso he said, it priest nad been rudo to him. Ko person is Bacred in nie oye, howovor faithful he'may have proved. . A few mouths ago ,ho cast into chains his adopted father Conliba Haillo, who, protooting bimi at tbo beginning, of ;his[ oarcer, wot groatly instrumental in his rise.: ; Teecmmn.^lCngoildo, ? .tho hereditary 'Chief of Gahinte, last, yoor, wilhi tho- peasantry ' - of . ,his . dislri«t. ( utterly destroyed a largo invading body of rebels.. , Ho :was ; first. cajoleaV and m<de a grandvo, but eoon afton «nado to feel tho ;ovil .of too-'.woll, serving his ¡ master; haiaow lingera iaohniniv and ia occaiionally. i '.torluWir. to; extort rooney from' him. A'fowl days '»gp the chief of tho A mba, one of tho oldest »nd most fpithfol servant», hsB been chained, and all his property confiscated. Ais brother, Bsa Walde Mariam, also one .of bis first and most trusty followers,' is, with' almost all the BogemedVr Chief*, in chains.* " ¡ ; Tho latest direct news from the prisoners, given in .tneir own words, ia down to tho end of April or begin» ning of Moy. One of them-soya: 'Abyssiniana hu«h at us. Speak to any of them ? of the pbwer . and greatness- .of England, ; .thoy , jBnoer uicly answer, ' Why, then, do tyou pay us 'tribute? Is it not now on tbe road? Has .not Flail gone to fetch it?' Wo may Boom ungrateful^ after all, and mUtuke the real motivo of all th cst .delays, 1 be lievo I have guessod it. ' ' They will all bo hilled should troops lind,' is probably theommoit song when war- like measures are propoeed, and tho tuno of thora ignorant writers'on tho subject who may mean well, but nevetthtlr-ss are the causo of much of our misery. Woll.ltt him kill us ; weean burdie once. In their ignorance Abyssinian? may feel contempt of our power, but wo Bball,certainly not give them tho 'chanco tb' sneer at tnglieb courage. "\Yo roar not death, but tho very thought of his crutltles : fills'tie with »wo; ito' evadí them wo »ill ruo »ny risk1; long ago we rania uponr minds on tho matter. All Our friends hrs fully owaro of our entire willingness to take our olianco. Wo have begged and prayrd for that moment which will j f ither rtaloro ut to oar country or end oar -miserable fate." ?Bell's Meesengor. 