MOITLAMEIN. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) Our little township, generallyjso quiet, was enlivened on; the evening of Monday last by a conieiri'for the benefit of the school fund, given and got rip. by residents here, styling themselves the VsMoularaein Occidentals," assisted by one or two gentlemen wbose business obliged; them to stay fora few.days here. The affair ^vas arranged after the wellknown Christy -Minstrel fashion, some of whose songs were very creditably. sung. By half- past'seven'^the schoolroom was well filled, fetid at eight p.m. the darkey performers, in eorrect 'negTo co8ttrme took their places before an attentive audience; The proceedings commenced with an overture from the " Fille du Regiment" by the instrnmentalists, followed by the.opening chorus> of,"" Commence ye darkies jjl." .i Then several other wellknown nigger melodies were sung, among them I must mention "rPeter Gray," which was very well given and deservedlygot an encore. Several little'mishaps occurred, incidental to amateur performances— thus the nigger who so pathetically lamented his *fiMasia in de cold, cold ground " was so overcome, with grief that he nearly failed once or jffbre;to find words to express his sorrow, but eventually he mastered his emotion in a manly rffanner and finished with applause. The "Captan with his whiskers" took too many sly" gfances at a_written paper in the bottom of his tambourine'; but he, too, by dint of imperturbable chef k, managed to persuade a goodnatured audi- .ence.Hthatitwas a very fine piece of burlesque, and qnite a part ofthe performance. After an intefvaljof ten minutes came the "Spirit Rap- ^persjViwhoy after Jong argument, raised a most awful ghost,; and'were! totally unable to lay him (or<it). again,'to the; intense delight of the juveniles assembled.- Then an amusing phrenological l6cture, followed by "My Old Kentucky home" for a change. Next the " Great gorrilla dance," with a little natural history from his keeper. These interesting animals, after a light supper on cold boiled missionary, shewed immense agility. The " Perjured-Parricide '"was the next arrangement.: This thrilling drama of blood went off fwithgreat ecZai, and drew: tears of fright from the-eyes of the children.' " iTaUa busha .belle " was the,first song of tte second part, and seemed to find much iavor. Serious other songs followed,, both sentimental .anil-comic; amongst the former I must mention :*^T3by.:tright smilehaunts me still," as partjcnvJi^oigaiw. . "Fanny Frail" with its lively chorus took very well, and was loudly tencored: 3^>J?^lahtation walk round-rgoing home, to • '.Duaeit';.ws8,'dane in a style quite professional, and encored. The wind up "God "savelhe'Queen" was sung to an audience who seemed determined not to leave the building. In fact, regarded as a first performance of unr rpr»Ctised amateurs,: everything went off • exceed- ^IBjgly jWell^ "nie Moulamein public unanimously ^piej in-pishing them every success, and a second •« performfflice at an early day.—March 8. 