STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. The building now bo iar completed is in the early English Gothic style, with adaptations from the game period of French Gothic, and is wholly con structed of stone, without ' compo' or ' stucco' in any shape to the exterior. The plan differs much from the uiual arrangement of nave and aisles, the nave being much wider than usual, in fact equaling in width some of the English Cathedrals; whilst the aisles, instead of being half the width of the nave, as is customary, are only one quarter the width, leaving very nearly the whole of the sittings unobstructed by pillars, and open to the view of the minister. This plan, whilst adopting the appropriately constructive arrange ment of nave, aisles, and clerestor.r, has not its disadvantages, for the side aisles are reduced to passages, with sittings to be only occasionally used. The general exterior plan is about 140 feet in length, by a breadth across the nave of 60 feet, and at the transept of 80 feet. A tower and spire, of which two storeys are now built and roofed in, abuts on the eastern transept, but on the other three &ides; is clear of the building, and when com pleted will rise to the height of 170 feet from the pavement to the top of the vane. The building is constructed upon massive foun dations of concrete, and the whole of the works are of the most durable and substantial character, none cf the walls of the church being less than 2 feet 4 inches thick,- and varying from that dimen sion to 3 feet, whilst the tower rests on a wide con crete foundation, formed with Portland cement in place of lime, and has walls, exclusive of buttresses. 5 feet thick, diminishing to i feat where the tower is now roofed in. The interior of the church is, within the nave, from the orchestra arch to the snutb window, 98 feis 6 inches by a breadth in the clear of the columns of 35 feet, the whole interior breadth of the nare being 52 feet, which is increased' at the transt- p!3 to 73 feet, the interior being also 41 feet hitfh from the floor. Galleries are proposed over the vestibule at the south end and over the tr;u teptx, but they are not yet constructed. At the back of the minister's platform is a lofty arch fur the organ and orchestra, which is constructed over the vestries. The platform is raised about two feet, and has a handsome pulpit. The whole accommo dation, including the galleries and orchestra, will lie for about 1.200. At present there are sittings for about 800 on the ground floor. The whole of the interior fittings are of Sydney cedar, and are in good taste. A handsome clock has been presented by Mr. Ferryman. Two principal entrances are provided; onelead inz by two doors under the handsome portico in the BButli front, and the othei leading from a lobby formed by the lower part of the tower. The principal entrance, fronting Victoria-square, has a projecting, portico, with freestone columns sup porting pointed arches and an open parapet, above which is a large fanlight window with geometrical tracery. The two transepts nave wheel windows in their gables with similar tracery. The interior of the church is divided into nave and aisles by columns supporting ' painted Gothic arches, and a clerestory, from which the principal light to the nave is derived. The columns nowhere interrupt the view of the platform. The interior is lofty; the ceiling is of hexagonal shape, and ia constructed of open timber work with plastered panels painted blue. The clerestory i.i lighted by e'aht wiudows of three lights each, having geometrical tracery. There are three vestries behind the plat form, also staircases leading to the pro posed transept galleries anl to the organ gallery. The building has been entirely con structed of Glen Osmond stone and G.'en Ewin freestone, the front portico being entirely of free stone. The whole ia of the most substantial and durable character, and ia chaste and elegint in design. The contracts, which do not include the upper part of tbe tower and spire, amount to abnut £10.000, exclusive of the land. The dimensions of the building are all multiples of the figure 7. For instance, the nave is 35 feet, or 5 times 7; the aisles one 7, or 7'0 wide; the length of the nave 11 times 7, or PS feet. The height up to tbe springing of the roof, the same as the width of the nave, is 35 feet, whilst the centre part of the ceiling i» at the upper end 42 feet, or b' times 7. The other ami inferior dimensions are also arranged upon the same principle. It is, we believe, admitted that the acoustic properties of the Church are very good. The builders are Messrs. Brown & Thompson, formerly English & Brown, and they have carried out the work in the most creditable manner. The beautiful carving was done by Mr. Peter*, formerly of Dublin, aud the whole of the works have been designed and carried out under the superinten dence of Mr. R. G. Thomas-, P. K.S. &A...; lately assisted by Mr. Garlick, architect, of Adelaide. The exquisite beauty and chasteness of the church have been the subject of remark for some time past; auil now that it is bo far completed as to be opened for public worship, its harm wious propor tions and grand effect have been admitted by all who have seen it. The building is a real ornament to the city. It is. far superior in effect to any other 'ecclesiastical edifice in the co'onv, and does c-edit to the architect who designed it, to the builders who erected it, and to the congregation who hare been spirited enoueh to carry it out. Inaugural t ebvicx. On Friday evening, April 12, an inaugural service was held in the church, which was com forta1 ly filled on the oceasioa. The proceedings were commenced by the Rev. U. W. Evan giving out the 779th Hymn— ' Uh thou to whom in ancient times The lyre of Hebrew bards was strung; Whom kinga adored in songs sublime, And people praised with glowing tongue.' The Rev. G. Stonehou-e read thu 67th Psalm, ami the Rev. M. H. Hodge engaged in prayer. The Revs. J. Lvall and F. VY. Cox havirg read portions of Scripture, and offered prayer, The Rev. C. W. Evas, B. A., delivered the follow ing dedicatory address : - ' By the good hand of God upon us we have been permitted to witness the completion of this building, and unite in the first song of praise, and in thefirstprayersolFered within its walls. It has seemed to us appropriate that the first public service held in the church should be mainly of a devotional character; that worship should take precedence of instruction. To many of us, at least, the occasion is a solemn and a joyful one, and our thoughts find emotions find their most fitting expressions in praise aud sup plication. Fervent, indeed, should be our song of thanksgiving, and earnest the prayer which we breathe before God, We ask the God whom we worship and serve to accept the works und offerings of our liaruis. We seek grace that we may worship Him in spirit and in truth, that we may serve him acceptably with reverence and godly fear. We pray that the beauty of Jehovah may be upon us. \Ve have erected this house unto His name. We tnut that we bare had no lower aim than the promotion of His glory, that we have sought not our own, but the things which arc Jesus Christ's. It is only as we have this conviction that we can now with true hearts seek the divine sanction ami smile. Shame, indeed, would belong to us, and confusion cf face would be our desert, if while professing to build and dedicate a house unto God, we were seeking only our own aggrandisement, or the furtherance of a favourite form or na-ne. But though our hearts condemn us not as to our ruling ainn and motives, yet it is not with a feelinz of pure complacency that we can look upon the bsst of our works, and when we bring them into the presence of tbe Holy One, and ask His approval, we feel that we have also to a-k the forgiveness of the sin which disfigures and mars them. The structure' which we thus dedicate to God's service is admitted by all observers to posseu some degree of material excellence- and beauty, but it is none too bsautif ul-none too good for the use to which it is devoted. Grand and costly edifices hare been erected for purposes mean, anil morally Ques tionable, while too frequently buildings raised for the noblest and best of ends hare been rude and unsightly structures. In many coses, indeed, the meanness of the Christian sanctuary has been a necessity of circumstances. The Christiana of the first century, for instance, whatever might be their views of tbe externals of religion, had neither tbe wealth nor the liberty to erect goodly sanctuaries, and in subsequent ages manr of the followers of Christ, poor and persecuted, like their Master, have been too thankful for any man ner of roof under which to assemble for worship. But in a community like ours, where Christians are numerous and comparatively rich, dwelling in lionses supplied not only with all the comforts but with many of the luxuries nnd costly adornments of civilization, it were verily a shame that the house of their Father, which is more properly called their home than bhv ether earthly habitation, were marked by unsightliness and poverty and discom fort. Tbe worship of God is a greater thing than the business of the world, and the blessings of the sanctuary are even more precious than the bless ings of home; and we see not why, in a commu nity lihe ours, claiming to be called Christian, the House of God should not surpass all other build ings in prominence of position and in beauty of conception and workmanship; while it should, by its very form and aspect, present a clear indication pf the sacred me to which it is devoted, and thus become tonian, amid the absorbing pursuits and the materializing influences of earth, a silent but con picuous witness for the Living God ami eternal things. For whom are our best and most beautiful i K& lfLnot for the Wou of loye and beauty ? Not that He has need of anything at our hand*, but he takes pleasure in the offerings of love and devotion. and tnesoulthattruly and intellieently loves will not offer unto Him the mean or blemished sacrifice. The notira th.it all beauties of art should be dissociated from the Christian sanctnary and the wore hip of God as if He who made all things beautiful delighted m deformities here, needs no confutation in our time. Many early Christians, not sufficiently distinguishing between religion and art in Paganism, looked upon art with suspicion and antipathy. Because the beautiful w s known to them as allied to tbe unholy, the beautiful was renounced and treated as profane. The same error has beeu committed in more recent times, and in the section of the Church of Christ with which we are more particularly identified. Our Puritan forefathers, harassed and impoverished by oppressive enactments, were compelled to erect rude inartistic structures, in any otweure locality where they couW find an asylum. But what was with them a necessi'y of their position, some of heir descendants came to look upnu as a fixed accompaniment of pure anil uinletiled religion. All artistic beauty in connection with the hou-e of God was associated in their minds with cor ruptness of worship ami teaching. Happily, wiser flunking and a better spirit prevail in our dar and it is no loncer thought necessary that a buildinn where the best and most beiutiful thio'T3 MJ to 1-3 taugat and enjoyed, should itself be devoid of every attribute of grace and comeli ness. But we must not feel too secure against the opposite and prevalent evil of liftinz the externals and accessories of worship out of their proper sphere— that of strict subordination to the spiritual in religion. Unhappily it i« but too manifest that there is no necessary connection between the beauty of church architecture and the beauty -sf holiness that Bhould pervade the worship of Gnd. In the rudest structure, raised without professional aid of architect or b.iiMer, thtre may be such worship as the Father seeketh and such teachiHg as sinful men need, while in the building of the highest architecturil prete.Hions and merits the worship may be cold and forr.wl and the teaching feeble and fruitless, and th'. prand edifice may prove but a. tarnished sepulchre. Our earnest prayer to nisrht is that iviihin rheso walls men nny tlr;ur nifch unto God with true hearts, by one Spirit, thtough the one Me diator; anl that the teaching of the pulpit may l-e inspired and energised fruin iilove. Tlies- arc the two purposes for which tin; budding hots been erected— jrorEUip and teaching— worship offered to God and instruction communicated to man. The t'*o thing* are very cl »e!y ailed a:-d often blended in the service of the s.itntuaxy: but they are in their natme dis:inct, and it is manifestly important that in the public exercises of the Church each should occupy its proper place and have its due share of attention. An impression prevails that, a* ConjjregationalLits, we have given undue pro minence to ike sermon aa compared with what is moreldircctly worship. Some of our forms j of speech seem to betray the error. The devotional portions of the service are commonly described' as introductory. Going to a particular place of wor ship is going to hear a certain preacher. Persons among us vrhoarire late in the sanctuary— and with some this in habitual— seem to think it a trivial shortcmuinz it they are in tune tor tue ser mon; Akin to, this, 'foremost in the minds of many Christian, people iu connection with their ris'ttothehouseof God. is the idea of getting good —of receiving profit. It were well, indeed, if none came up to 'the place of the holy' from a lower motive; but the godly man is surely capable of being prompted by a higher. Does he come to the church, as he goes to his counting-house, simply for what he can get by it! Is the temple only a SDiritualmart, to which the trafficker* come with the rulins question, 'What profit shall we have?' Should Christians not any, rather as the Lard's Day dawns upon them, with its sweet and hallowed memories ami associations, 'Oh, come let us worship the Lord ; let us make a joyful noise unto the rock of our salvation ; let us come before His presence with thanksgiving; Ictus kneel before the Lord our Maker, for lie is our God, and we are the people of His pasture, and the sheep of His hind.' Is there no gratitude springing from a sense of God's rich goodness yearning for ex pression in the solemn hymn of praise! Is there no impression of the greatness, the excellence, the purity, and the condescension of God constraining the soul to adore and magnify His holy name? Is there no sense of sin and un worthiness impelling the soul to the presence of God, to the feet of the Redeemer to confess and pray and trust? It were well indeed if Christian*, on repairing to the sanc tuary, expected le-s from man, and rendered more glory to God, bringing into His courts the truest and devoutest offerings of their hearts. They would find that a more excellent way, even in re spect of profit, for then would the human ministry prove to them the vehicle of richer blessing. In the public worship of tiod, from the synagogue downwards, the service of song has had its place and its importance. Our view of t h is that it should be as far as practicable congregational. ''Let the people praise the Lord.' If an instru ment is used, if a choir, official or semi-official, is employed, these are in no wise to exercise vicarious functions— to praise Goi for or in place of the assembly; but they are to be held strictly subordinate and auxiliary *o the general concert of the people in the exercise of ptaise. In this icspect we have much to desire. Many good people appear in the church, and while God's praises are sung they are mere listeners and spectators, as if they ha i received from God neither hearts nor voices. They thus withhold from common worship that which they ought to contribute, and deprive their fellow worshippers of the aid which the sympathy of nmuliers is designed to i-fford. As to the cha acter of the psalmody, let it be artistic if it may. The best of music, as well as the best of architec ture, should be consecrated to God; but it were a preat calamity if, while gaining in artistic excel lence and effect, it became undevout, not to dar frivolous. We io not think that the Author of all harmonies has any pleasure in harsh and dUcor daut sounds; but we are sure that tbe rudest aud nv-st inharmonious strains of the most rustic congregation, if, at the same time, hearty and fervent, are more acceptable to tl e car of God than the most artistic and harmonious melodies, if with the understanding of song and the xcellence of performance there is wanting tbe spirit of praise and the heart of devotion. There id no reason, however, why culture should be undevout in aiiy department of God's service. There are reasons why culture should prove help ful to devotion. While we earnestly desire that tho-e portions of the public service which are more strictly worship may be of a more spiritual and elevated character, we cannot afford in our time to assisn to teaching in the sanctuary a lower position than it has occupied among us. As Congrega tional is ts we are but .a small section of the great Church of Christ in tlic world, but what position we hare attained in that Church, aad wh-t in fluence pertains to that position, we owe very largely to the decree of intelligence and spiritual efficiency with which thetrc.th »f God has been pro claimed among us. We owe little to our organiza tion except freedom from certain evils which may hare entrammelled others. We owe little to wealth or prestige. We have inherited but a small share of these. But we owe much under God to the power and fidelity with which godly men among us, speaking rerily as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, have preached the cr rlasting Gospel, and expounded the lams and principles nf Christ's Kingdom. We honour the memory of the first Congregational pastor and the founder of the Congregational body in this land, and whose name is to be permanently associated with this building. And to what does he owe the eminent position which the common voice .of the Churches has assigned to him! Doubtless to a variety of things, for he was endowed with a rare combination of qualities; but mainly, I think, to the clearness, and force, and consistency with which he proclaimed the truth of Christ, and advocated the interests of our coramdn faith. And whatever may be wauting here in time to come, I pray that there may be provided for those who shall assemble a true, efficient, and faithful ministry of God's holy Word. On such ministry depend* in no secondary degree the edifying of the body of Cbrist-on such a ministry largely depends the conversion of sinners from the errors of their ways. Much as is effected in our day by the Sunday-school, the religious press and other appliances, the preaching of the Gospel still occupies a foremost ptace among the agencies that God employs to save sinners, ' to arouse the careless, the presumptuous awe, and turn the tide pf souls another way.' And the objects for which this building has been raised will not be fulfilled if here sinners are are not drawn to the uplifted Saviour— if here the sin burdened and troubled soul Joes Hot find rest and ?peace— if here the voice of the prodigal is not heaid saying, ' Father, I have sinned'— if here the hearts of the contrite ones are not revived and blessed. God forbid that any Gospel should be preached here which shall not go down with its Divine remedy to the roots of man's need-which shall not reveal to him in his sin and wretchedness the Christ of God. the Christ Incarnate, crucified, risen, ind ever living to save. I trust that for generations to come the truth as it is in Jesus wilj be proclaimed here in its sim plicity and in its fulness-for simple enough is it to meet the requirements of the humblest and most illiterate, and full and deep enough is it to satisfy the soul of the profoundest philosopher, if, while a great 'man in understanding.' he U also 'a child in malice' and in heart We have no reason to apprehend that amid the remarkable develop ments of the present day, and the foreshadowed developments of the future, the everlasting Gospel will be outstripped and left liehiml, an inanimate thinz of the past It is still young, and was never more vigorous: and we hare a strong persuasion that if tnc preacher of the Gospel were up to his vocation, lie would be found in the ran of all true progress, and would hail in his Master's name every light of philosophy, nail erery discover)' of science, being assured that all truth, aa well as all (rrace, centre* in the fulness of Him by whom all thingi were made, and by whom all things consist. Referring again for a moment to the mutual relations and mutual dependence of worship and teaching, history has its lessons to read to us on this subject. Oneof these lessons i«, that true and efficient teaching is essen tial to the purity and spirituality of worship. It has bren observed by a wise man among us, thai 'Kvery nge distinguished by an enlightened and earnest Christianity hag been an age no less dis tinguished by an enlightened and earnest preach ing of the Gospel. Ia ages of superstition forms are raised into the place of instruction; ia ages of piety instruction is raised into the vhta of form*. Separate from preaching, the n-eanins of external observances, even when of dirine origin, is si-nn obscured and lost. It is only when allied with evangelical instruction that such thinsrs are assigned to their proper place, aud used to their proper end. The mission of the Gospel is a mis sion to instruct and edify ; but to instruct and edify » a service pertaining to the preacher and not to the rituilist Tbe end of rebtdon may be worship, but the means to that end is instruction, and instruction mainly ' by preaching.' Such words descrre a hearing in view of certain eccle siastical developments of our day. The revival and exUnsion of Ritualism in churches of the Protestant designation is one of the gravest, and, as we think, most humiliating facts in the religion of our day. It has been argued that this ritualistic revival is but the offspring of au architectural revival : that the revivers of Gothic art in eccle siastical structures opened the door to the Kitu ali«tS and bale them enter. In other words, that a high liitual wotship, with all ? its ornate and costly appurtenances, is but the natural and necessary result of the revival of a better taste and feelinor in our church architecture. It would not be difficult to establish a connection between any two things associated with religion; but that the connection between the architectural and the ritual in this case is a necessary connection we fail to perceive. Because some degree of the sathetic is appropriate and desirable in the externals of worship, it does not follow that there may not be be ridiculous excesses and mischievous applica tions of it- I trust we need not assure our friends thatintakng possession of this Gothic building, we are not conscious of any secret proclivity towards an enlarged ritual: nor are we appre hensive that; anything that meets the eye in this place ia likely to seduce us in the' least degree from the f'onpre?ational simplicity of our worship. We cherish a hii;h regard for the Church of Eng land-theoM Clurch of our native land— and we should not be ashamed to imitate her- in any thin? tliat seemed to us pood; but with that ritualistic movement, involving as it clearly does a hn-e incre- ise of the priestly clement, we have no sympathy. To our eye it in a wholly retrograde movement, pointing to the darkness of the middle a'cs. We can see nothinggnod in it, nothmsr indifferent, except it may be regarded as a confes sion of weakness and want. Some zea ous parti cipants in the movement hare pleaded in its favour that thev couU not interest and attract the people by public teaching and the observances of a simple worship, and that therefore the ritual and the symbolic were put in requisition. By these the people are inte rested, as evidenced by the crowds who freoAien; thi hiah ritual churches, while other churches near who follow in the old path are well nigh deserted. But we seriously ask vhat is the value of tke inte rest thus excited? Is it not of a very low type? Are men really bettered by these ceremonials? It would ill-become us, on the present occasion, to violate that charity which ttrnkclh no evil, which hopeth all things; but we fir.d it dif&utt; to direst our mind -f the notion f.iat amid the Christian 1 light of our time thoseHiigh rstzal performances | in which vcatmentg nn\ a.tUiaNs. are- Bach con spicnoiu features, look rajuk*plKia£.aireUgiea. We are, indeed, assured that the ritualists are eminently characterized by earnestness; still, to our eye, it looks remarkably jike the earnestness of children at their play. Is it the earnestness of men who are really seeking to make their fellow men better by means adapted to effect it? -me.in3 adapted to enlighten the mind, to improve the heart, to quicken the moral sensibilities, to etevate and transform the character, to save the bouI ? Let any thoughtful m m who has been an eye-witness, or only a mental ob.-erver of one of these high ritual service1, turnawray and look into hUNew Testament and read one of Paul's Epistles, er our Lord'd sermon on the Mount, and will he not find him self bre.itliinc a very different atmosphere and attending to a very different kind of teaching? i Ho\y little is there in the life and teaching of i f.hrist on whijh a fabric of ritualism could be j based? How fenr are His words rcspectin-j tbe i two simple ordinances of His appointment— I baptism and the Lord's Supper! But how frequent I and filronu was His condemnation of the prevailing ritualism of fclis day? The ritualistic Pharisee was Christ's greatest human foe, and against him and his ritualism the stronsrest indignation of the Holy One was directed. In this C'liurcli our desire will be to adhere to the Christian ritual in its simplest form. We recognise no priesthood Rave I that of Jesus and the common priesthood of all ! the saint*. We be'ieve in no mystic efficacy of rites ami sicrameats. We are all brethren wor.shippiiifr only ths one living Gud, trusiin? only in the one Mediator, and looking for all spiritual results through the operation of the one iileased Spirit. It is know.i to all present that the church which we thus Ret apirt for worship and for the procla mation of the (iospel is also designed to be a memo rial of our deputed and revered friend Mr. Sto\v. It is now nearly five years since he finished Ilia course and entered into rpst- lint thniitrh dead lie yet speake :h. Howl miliar to us are his form and features, and sayings, and long will it be ere these shall be effaced from our minds. The erection of such a memorial is a work sanctioned by the piety and intelligence of all times. The godly Hebrews of ancieHt times frequently put up their memorial stones. They raised monumental objects to perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodness to them at special times and places, that the past might often be recalled for the purposes of piety and devotion. And let it not be supposed thit by this memorial we are aiming merely at the exaltation of the human. We desire to glorify God in man. We recognise the gifts aud excel lencies with which God endowed our departed friend for the benefit of the church and the colony. We perpetu ite the memory of tbe Divine good ness in having sent to this land one so eminently fitted for the position and circumstances in which he was placed. We express in a risible a d permanent form our gratitude for all the good that was accomplished through his instrumentality. When our children, and our children's children shall ask their fathers in time to come what mean these stonesT-whr is the building thus designated? -then they shall answer. : Thus and thus has God dealt with our people in tbe past. But I must bring my remarks to a close. In an Rddress given on an occasion like the present, the opening pf a church for the use of a particular denomination of Christians, it is but latural that the denominational element should protrude itself somewhat prominently. But I would take the opportunity, as the minister and the representative of the neople who shall worship here, to assure our friend* connected with other sections of the Christian Church, that we earnestly desire to cherish not only good will but brotherly kindness toward all the members of the body of Christ We thank our friends of other churches and denominations for their kindly sympithr in the undertaking which is thus brousht to a com pletion. We thank them for the evidence of their sympathy by their nrcsence to-night And our earnest prayer is, that our co,nmon Lord and Saviour may be exalted, that our common faith mar prevail, and that the land of our adoption, so highly favoured in the providence of God, may become distinguished for all that 13 good, and noble, and great One word more in conclusion, and I wi h to say it especially to the members of our own congregation. We are assembled, my brethren, for the first time in a building dedicated to God's worship.* Let u* solemnly ask ourselves' —are we jiow, and shall we be, if permitted to frequent this sanctuary, such worshippers as the Father seeketh to worship Him! We may have much to do with the worship of God outwardly, and yet have no more part iu the reality of that worship than has the building in which we meet. We believe that within these walls there shall rise up silently and progressively, through the ministry of the truth, aud by the power of God's spirit, a spiritual house— a building of God composed of lively stones, and resting on the foundations of the Apostjes and prophets, Christ himself being the chief corner-stone. Let us sc« that we arc incorporated with that building. Let us dread the thought of being the mere scaffolding as it were of the spiritual temple, having only a temporary con nexion with it, to be pulled down and cast away when the work is finished. Oh, that all who shall assemble here may find themselves built into God's living and everlasting temple, whose founda tions no changes can effect, whose Iwauty no japss of time can impair, and which shall appear in its full grandeur when all earthly structures hare perished.' A hymn baring been chaunted, the Rer. Alfred P.ittg read the third chapter of First Corinthians, and offered prayer. A collection was then made, and. after the Her. C. W. Evan had pronounced the benediction, the proceedings closed. THK SUKDIY SKBVICE3. The f pemng services were continued on Sunday iu the .Stow Memorial Church. The fier. A. hi. Henderson, a minister who is held in high reputa tion among bis own very numerous congregation in Mellxmrne, officiated in the morning, when there was a perfectly crowded attendance. The devotional exercises, which were so ordered as to be appropriate to the occasion, having concluded, Mr. Henderson took for his text, Isaiab, chap, lvii., v. 15: 'For thus saith the High and Lofty One, that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy. I dwell ia the high and holy place, with him also that ia of a contrite and humble spirit to revive the spirit of the humble, and to, revive the heatt of the contrite ones.' Having briefly reviewed the apostate state of the Jews under the reign of the wicked Manasseh, attention was drawn to the double aspect in which the Most. High was presented to the contemplation of mankind in the text— majesty and condes cension — those attributes seeming to impress the soul on the one hand with reverential awe, and en tbe other with confiding hope. The first thoucht conveyed by tbe passage was a graudly indefinite description of Jehovah -the High and the Lofty One- the Being infinitely derated above all created objects— the fountain of life— the embo diment of unlimited perfection. The splendour of His might was displayed in the multitude of worlds which He had formed, -although, in tbe language of Job, these creations were but the hiding of His power, the full thunder of His ma jesty none being able to comprehend. The perfec tion of wisdom was disclosed in the laws which He had framed to regulate the vast and multitudinous orbs which rolled in the immensity of space, and in the marvellous adaptation to be traced in the minutest as well as most stupendous of His works. The perfection of His Koudness was exhi bited in the enjoyment associated with life and animation in all its forms, from the very lowliest and most insignificant types to the highest development). But it ; wa* impossible for man to a rasp the Infinite. HU reason was bewildered and overwhelmed in reflecting upon the finite, nnd how then could he have due concep tions of the eternal Self-existent' One who could be affected by nothintr, but who 8t«ntaneously wrought out his own purposes, and did his own will. '1 he next thought presenting itself was that the High aud Lofty One' goTerned all beings. Man in his 8 glit were as the clods of the ralley: the dwellers in the world of darkness trembled at His fr'wn, and the potentates, principalities and powers of the Heaven itself paid their lowlr homago to Him whom the numbed Nebu chadnezzar acknowledged almighty to do his own pleasure ' in the armies of Heaven, and among the inhabitants of earth.' The next werds of the text were, equally striking with those preceding them— 'who inhabiteth eternity.' Reason and revelation coincided in being witness that there was no single thing drawn from the depths of the earth, or visible on its surface, but bore marks of not being themselves originals. They were all deducible to a former, a great first cause, and, that first cause was necessarily self existent aad eternal. How could they grasp the idea of eternity? While strata were being piled on strata to form tbe volume of the earth, millions of years before it be came fit for the residence of mun, God existed. Back, back from that time, through dreary ages in which no form of created life breathed, when as yet the wild and primitive atoms hid not been rolled together into masses, and but one step had been rcacbo) towards the eternity of God. Let them go back to a period before a single atom floated in space, or a revolving orb was formed, when the throne of the Deity was filled by God alone, when not a tingle angel bowed adoringly before the Almighty presence, when universal nature was a universal blank, and they had reached but the frontier of that eternity. They were creatures of the present, to whom eternity was a goal : but there never had been a period in which God could not have spoken himself aa the High and L-ifty One tlutmhabiteth eternity. The next thought broiuht before them was contained in the words, ?'? Whose name is Holy.' God had no sympathy with or indulgence far gin, and every man had the irradicable witness in himself that he was made in tbe image of the Most High, and that he was created for holiness. Ihe whole teachings of history went to show that the Almighty in sisted on vindicating this attribute by the destruc tion of the impure and unholy, and the Scriptures abounded in illustration* of the prominence with which the intelligences that stood before him viewed this distinguishing feature in the character of Him who was of purer eyes than to behold iniquity. The passage next brought befoie their notice the idea of God dwelling in the high and holy p'ace. Men of genius had conceived for the Most Holy,, a habitation of splendour and infinite extent far removed from human ken, but even their speculations were such as the mind could not grasp, and with all that tbe grandest intellects could suggest to them they were forced to conclude with Solomon, the heaven and the heaven of heavens could not con tain Him-that He sat enthrone I in the magni ficence of His own infinity, that He dwelt in lmht which 'no man hath seen nor can see,' nnd that even the seraphs as they approached Him felt abashed and were fain to cover their faces with their wings. Under the manifestations of His ineffable purity and splendour, well might mortals feel afraid were they not encouraged by the assurance that He dwelt 'with him who was of a humble and contrite heart.' This close and cheering association of the Almighty's tenderness with His majesty was evinced throughout the whole of His Word. Although governing the universe, ami maintaining the laws by which it was regulated, He was ready to regard the tears of the penitent, and the pains and sorrows of His creatu-es, and to afford the consolation aud relief which .His wisdom !-aw to be meet. Mr. Henderson lingered for some length on this branch of the subject, and ; then alluded to the beautiful structure in which they weie met. As he had locked upon it tie pre vious day lie had felt that there was nothing about I it unchaste, unseemly, or unworthy, except that everything about them must be unworthy of God's glory, and his heart had cone ont in praj er that the ! Almighty would make it a place where he would reveal himself to men. The buildin?, beautiful as it was, would be nothing unless God made it the place of his habitation, and he therefore asked them to pray earoest'y and work heartily and unitedly that much good might result from the preaching ol the gospol withm these walk He then announced the collection, and desired all to give freely, olisenring that people had uofc so. much right to rejoice unless the place they consecrated to Diiiae worship was free of debt la ikfl- afternoon there was * hrge cpngrega tlcA,aud\ alter singing and prayer had been en the l6t verse of the 5th chapter of I Galatians— 'Stand fast therefore in the liberty ' wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage' — aa the basis of a powerful and eloquent address. He said they hid met to consecrate that noble building t- the service of God, not by any sym bolic rite?, but by praise anl prayer. Occasions like the present were deemed specially fitted for the assertion of the distinctive principles cf Chris tianity, or the defence of anv that were ignored or invaded by any lar^e section of the followers of Christ. The reverend gentleman 'ben proceeded to refer to the question of ltrtualism, describing the form and manner in which the practices attaching to it were carried out, and designating its objects. He said that ritualism had a deeper meaning than a desire for a splendid ami cere monial worship; that what is chiefly to Iw dreaded is the revival of the hierarchy, and the subser vience of the laity to the priest. He then spoke of the two chief modifications of spiritual despotism, the tyranny of the outward acting upon the senses and imajdn-tion, and the tyranny of the human will of a clacs or order of men acting upon the indi vidual mind aud heart. He referred to the fearB entertained by many th it P.otestantism was about to change in character, bin said that the omens were in favour of Christian liberty, and he appealed to those present carefully to watch ;«nd strongly to oppose the very beginnings of priestly power, which Wi- re entirely opposed to the spirit and teachiHg of Christ. The preacher con cluded with a graceful tribute to the memory of the first pastor of the church. He said:— 'We honour to-day with such honour as we are permitted to render to a fellow mortal, a great and gifted man. This Church is a memorial of his piety and worth. l!ut a nobler monument than this has been reared to the niemorv of Thomas (juinton Stow. Ho was the foremost champion of religious liberty in this province. His name is 'writ largi' upon our religious institu tions. Chiefly to him, under God, it is due that the Churches of this land were so early eman cipated from State control. Throughout Im career as a minister of Christ, be contended for Christian liberty in all its forms and against all its foes. ' He rests from hU labours, and his works do follow him.'' Jn the evening the large and spicious building was densely crowded, every space even to the plat form being filled to its fullest extent The Kev. Mr. Henderson selected for his text— 1st Jshn, cbap. v.. the 11th and 12th verses— 'He that hath the Son hath life, and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life. These things bave I written unto you that yc belteve on tbe name of the Son of God ; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God'— dividing his dis course under three heads — first the gi t of God here recorded; second, the medium through which it is bestowed; and third, tbe relation of different classes to it Theier. gentleman then adverted to the manner ind modes in which the gift was to be manifested, exemplifica tion of wnicli was afforded by tbe life of Christ. In the course of his sermon Mr. Henderson, in dwelling upon the last part of his subject, observed that it been said that of Noah's. Ark, many a man who had laboured in the building had not been saved init, and.it rrusht be that some of those who had been engaged in the building of this house of God, who had had their hearts in it, had bestowed energy upon it, had bcBtowed property upon it, yet it might be that Christ had nut found a place in their heftits; that He whs not ina-le the tiist and last and main end and motive of their lives, because they had never yet with simplicity and meekness received the Word of the living God. He repeated the warning— 'He that believeth not the Son shall not «ee life, but the wrath of God ahideth upon him' — and entreated all to flee to Christ, who could save them from that doom, then woull the time spent in the services of that day be a time which they could look back upon through all their lives. The preacher occupied tbe attention of bis hearers for more than an hour and a quarter. AC the close of the sermon a collection was made in aid of the funds. Naturb and May. A lecture on ' Nature aud Man'' was delivered by the Ker. A. M. Henderson, in connection with the Freeman-street Congregational Young Men's Society, in the Stow Memorial Church, on Monday evening, April 15. There was a large attendance, including a number of ministers of various deno minations. The chair was taken by Mr. Thomas Grares shortly after 7 o'clock, and the proceedings were commenced by the Ker. S. Mead offering prayer. The Chaibmak said he felt pleased in being called upon to fill that position. It would be re membered that in February, 1835, a lecture was delivered by Dr. Graham on the laying of the foundation-stone of that church, and he was then called upon tt» preside. At that time they had a great work before them, as they contemplated the erection of a place in wbich to worship God and also io commemorate a name dear to most of them, and he trusted they were not disap pointed in the- result He knew that some of their friends considered the build ing too large and too good, and others thought it too ornamental ; but he did not agree with them —first, because a house offered to God could not be too cood-(Hear, bear)— and secondly, beciuse a building to commemorate the memory of their departed pastor, Mr. Stow, could not be too good. (Hear, hear.) Although there would be some work U clear off the debt that remained on it, they had only done their duty in erecting it. He need not say that he had taken considerable interest in the erection of that place— an interest not surpassed by any one. He trusted that in that house, built for the worship of God, many souls might be brought to Christ, and that health and strength might be given to their dear pastor to preach the truth as lit was in Jesus; and he believed that instead of finding the bui diug too large, it would be well filled. Thev were much indebted to Mr. Henderson for bis visit to them upon the occasion. He bad culled upou him while in Melbourne, and was glad to find that he at once acceded to his (the Chairman's) request to come to Adelaide, and he trusted it would not be the last time the rer. gentle man would visit them. He hoped, a'so, that Mr. Kran would be able to visit Melbourne for the benefit of his health. At the time of the last lecture he had referred to it was suggested that the various minis ters should exchange iu the colony. Nothing, however, had been done to carry that plan into operation ; but he hoped their dear pastor would be able to take a little tune for health and recreation. (Hear.) The solo, 'Comfort ye,' and the 'Glory Chorus,' from the Messiah, were then giren by the choir. , , ? The Eev. Mr. Hexdruson here came forward, and commenced his lecture. He remarked that iu the course of bis researches he had observed that no point of nature was isolated from auother, but all were related, and formed a universal whole. One being, man, occupied the most prominent position, and nature bore more relation io man than to any other created being. He intended to speak on the subject of 'Nature and Man,' for the purpose of indicating those relations, and showing how it was that man stood at the head of alL He hal also, in another light, looked upon nature in relation to man -that of revelation. Such a subject had not failed to engage his atten tion, and he considered that in a contemplation of it much might be found to raise the tone of thought in the minds of young men. After speaking of tbe difficulty naturally experienced by a ChristiuH minister in divesting his mind of natural theology in lecturing upon such a topic, he pro ceeded to cay that lie should not be expected to define the terms in which he h d expressed his lecture, so many definitions had been given upon that subject. Every one knew that the profound Greeks defined nature as Itat which was ever pro ducing and being produced; also how tbe Uomans, in the term natura, indicated precisely the same meaning and it was defined by others as some thing which was never perfect, never complete, never strictly speaking a being, onlv a becoming, but under laws of necessity like fate. A state of variety with eternal unity, but always the same thouch dissociated. Then with respect to the definition of man, he had been defined aa an animal of different kinds. Hence Plato described him as a biped stripped of its feathers, which gave rise to the observation of Diogenes, when he stripped a cock and sent it to Plato—' There goes Plato's man.*' But such were not definitions in the simple gathering up of terms and distinguishing of the creature. Even Shabpeaie, in his 'Hamlet,' /el! short of it when he said, 'What apiece of work is man! How noble in reason! How infinite in faculties, in form and moving how express and admirable, in action how like an angel, in apprehension how like a god!— tbe beauty of the world, the paragon of animals.' Still they knew what man was when they spoke 6f him as distinguished from every other creature around; and in contemplating that topic he should speak of man physically, intellectually, ffistheticaily, and religiously. The lecturer then )riefly reviewed the physical constitution of inan— ia form most beautiful, grand, and majestic, notwithstanding his inferiority in size and other characteristics to many of the creatures of earth. His chemical composition was minutely described, the law of gravitation, his respiration, the vicissitude* of day and night, the variations of tbe seasons, and their wondeif ul adaptation in maturing the products of the vegetable kingdom, fittiug them for man's use, were also touched on. He remarked that the present economy of the globe was only but one part of the existence of man ; and he carried them oack in imagination to the tune when earth presented a different foim-a time of intense heat, when the solitude waB only broken by tho rolling thunder from bursting volcanoes. Man could not have lived then, neither could he have existed in the carboniferous era— a peiiod in which vegeta tion flourished in its most beautiful and gigantic forms; but the very name bestowed upon it showed that it must ha e been destructive to life in a few momeius. Coming higher to the secondary period— the age of the gigantic ichthyosaurus pleiosaurus, and other monsters of that class, be pointed out that the existence of man with his present physical constitution would have been impossible. He also showed how, in ihe wondrous working of nature, the different eras were mad1* to contribute to tbe comfort nnd civi lization of mankind in supplying him with incal culable wealth. As an illustration, he no1 iced the formation of that common material stone, and asked what would have become of the noble art of sculpture without it. Phidias, Praxiteles, Michael Aupelo, and other celebrities would never have been heard of, and the g'ories of the Vatican, the Apollo lielvidere, the Laocoon and the Gladiator would never have existed hut for imperishable marble. Eloquently he pointed out the advantages derived from the baser inetiil?, and expressed bis conviction that were iron taken from them, man would again sink into barbarism. KapidSy he sketched the relation of man to the vegetable and animal kingdoms, as being depen dent upon them for all that rendered lift; a blesMiig, or even prescrreil life itself. He spoke op the wisdom and goodness of the Creator in hi* adaptation of the atmosphere, giviug life and health, conveying sound and ligh', referring to tlie essentiality of the latter to the growth an 1 wellbcing of the vegetable kincJorn, and the wise anil delicate ar rangements through which it exercised iti influence moil man, and was imUed suhservient to his will. He then proceeded to speak of nit are in its relation to man intellectually. In all age3 man had been engaged in the contemplation of nature. There was evidence that he had done so antecedent to the deluge, and that characteristic was dis cernible throuzh all later time?, exhibiting itself in the forms of idolatrous worship which weie prac tised in Chaldea, Esypt, and other ancient nations. Passing on, down the stream of time, they were brought to the history of that country which be came the intellectual mistress of the world. There every created object became associated with aonie presiding divinity. The sun became personified as Apollo, tho chaste mon as Diaiu or Cynthia, the stars had all their patron gods and godesses, the woods and fotftsts were peopled with dryads and Ratyrs, ths Moods had their neriads; ami, in addttioa to this, every power and faculty of TnnPj was represented by a deity. Tho iQfioeEfiftW&cJi; ttie heavenly bodies were supposed to exercise over man was well illustrated by the passage frem Job-' Canst thou kind the sweet | influences of Pleiades or loose the bands of (Irionr Comets had been received with avre, for from their 'horrent hair shook pestilence and war, with fe.ir and change disturbing monarchs ;' while in astrology many great minds lud been engaged in seeking out the reasons of things. But he must return to Gree:e und her columns, and trace scientific development there. First came Thiles of Miletus, the man who created the science of geology, and who fued upon vrater as the great arW-tue first principle of all things After him came Anaximines, who pave forth the idea thit air was the first principle of all. His theory was carried to further issues by bis suc cessor, Diozenc?, and then followed Anakamander, who conceived the grand idea t\'.::-, the Infinite was the great arke. Next came I'yth&sorus;, who stood before tbe world still a' ous of the mo-l eijMiitic shadows of ancient times. He cave a dificrent interpretation to the mystery of the prime caiuc of all things, and declared numbers to be that first principle, aud thin/s to be but the shadows of numbers. Following him came Xenopoles tlio first, who promulgated the doctrine of the purity of God ; and then his illus'.ri -ua pupil. Later still ? were ZiWO and Pericles, ami Anaxagtiraa and Socrates, th.it wondrous interrogator, who feeling the rastnees of the field of knowledge which lay More him, admitted his own ixn-irance, and made it the business of his life to prove to others of greater pretension how little they knew. The | marvellous genius of Plato ami Aristotle, and the ; Elder Pliny, were alluded to, and then the lectuter j in glowing terms referred to the discourses of I Kepler and Newton, dwelling upon the productions of .some of the muster minds of the nrci.'Ut day. and expressing the surpr se with which be marked voniiL' mfiii loiterinpnvpr sin'h works a-- thf- '()!il Jurhbity burp, or Vanity Kur, while a mine n inexhaustible wealth lay ready to be explored ;n connection with the contemnlstion of the Almighty and His works. (Cheers.) The astonish ing facility with which all natural objects, com pose I as they were of some 60 chemical elements, might be studied and commented upon; the theory jf Pythagoras as to numbers being the first prin ciple* and things being the shadows of numbers elaborated, and the uniformity of law observable throughout the whole economy of Nature was il lustrated, and the lecturer then came to the third ind concluding portion of his lecture— man con sidered in his ffljthetic and religious relations. Speaking of the first, he said he should not dwell it any length upon it. He spoke of it as the ima gination and fancy blending with the emotions in i love of ths beautifuL Imagination designed while fancy adorned. Many philosophers had advocated the theoiy that the love of the beautiful sprang from association ; but had Adam association to create that love which he felt for the beautiful around him t He would rather agree with what the poet said than with the philosopher, and take Milton's view when he wrote 'These arc tbv glorious works, Parent of Good; \- Almighty I Thine this universal frame. Thus wondrous fair: Thyself how wondrous then.' Such was his conviction with regard toil. (Ap plause.) He then dwelt on the mighty magnifi cence of creation, more particularly brought before them by the researches of astronomy. The works of Herschell and Nicholls informed them that they discovered aa it were sandbanks of, worlds stretching far away into space, so distant that it would take two millions of years for light from them to reach the earth if travelling at the rate of twelve millions of miles a minute. With Lord Ross's grand telescope there had been brought into view distant nebula?, ro distant that light would have to travel with 'the rapidity of 12 millions of roile* a minute for 30 millions of years before it would reach the earth, and who could tell into what infinity of space. tho?e worlds stretched? It was when they came io tbink of those things that man felt himself to l-c but a drop, a point, the mere dust of the balance in God's creation. Yet it was in the fact that man could contemplate these, and they not him, that invested him with a superiority. There was a Krinciple within that while returning to corruption e could turn to the sun that gave the ji light and heat, aud wy— ' The sun was but a globe of fire, A transient meteor in the sky; The soul immortal a* his sure, Shall never die.' While, however, nature revealed all this to them, its revelatiors were but inadequate to the wants of man. It told him nf God; but what more could it tell Him? Could it tell him how the sinner might be E urged from sin and obtain the pardon of is transgression, and how his sinful heart could be purified, his degenerate nature sancti fied and raised, to God. Could it fill that i' Quite r«id in tbe rouI of man which the consciousness of sin placed between him and the Universal Father? Uh, no. The lectuier remarked thit the grandeur of creation could en trance the soul, but he never yet knew any one who could read the message of pardon in the stars of heaven, or look upon the sun and feel it come upon him as the seal of tbe infinite blotting out of his transgressions. Nature was hut the outer court of his great temple, and onlr when the heart of man had pased through that, and could lay dawn his gift before the altar which sanctified the gift, only then was the rtl ition complete. Misht God grant them that blessing, for His name's sake. (Applause.) . . Mr. i:. H Goodb proposed a rote of thanks to the lecturer. He rejoiced to thiuk that they had nearly approached perfection in chapel building, and he was pleased that the erection of that place had resulted in Mr. Henderson's visit to South Australia. Hn must congratulate their fellow colonists' of Victoria upon haring Mr. Henderson at the head of their institution for instructing young men to preach the acceptable gospel of salvation. He wished success t« that institution over which Mr. Henderson presided. (Applause) The CoiiMiiSioNKR of Public Works (Hon. T. English) seconded the resolution, which was carried with great cordiality. The Eev. Mr. HfiNDtRSO* thanked them, and especially for the sympathy expressed for the insti tution ever which he had the honour to preside. They had not one of the kind in South Australia, and he thought perhaps it was best, aa it was an expensive establishment; bat if his South Aus tralian friends liked to send over any young men to him. they would be made as good as the raw material would allow. He had not forgotten the kind visit of the Chairman, who had asked him to come over: and he had seen whilst amongst them that they had a spirit of tbe highest and best character. He advised them to raise the building free from debt, and to avoid the borrowing of money, however profitable, it might be to tho leuder. (Cheers.) . The choir then gare 'Gloria in Excelsis.' The Kev. U. W. Eyas then proposed a rote of thanks to the Chairman, and the choir, which was carried by acclamation ; nnd the Chairman having acknowledged the compliment, the doxology was sung, and the Ker. C. W. Evan having pronounced the benediction, the proceedings terminated. Tea xkd Pdblio llBwiiris. A tea meeting was held in White's Room on Tuesday evening, which was attended by over 600 persons, and was followed by a public meeting in the Stow Memorial Church, at which His Honor the Chief Justice presided. There was a large attendance, every available seat being occupied, and on the platform were ministers of various de nominations. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer. Gis Hosor, in his opening address, said it afforded him very great gratification to .be privi leged to preside orer the meeting on the present occasion. They had met to celebrate the accom plishment of a work, the termination of which had been long looked forward to. The occasion was one which necessarily impelled them to look buck upon t'e past, and to look forward to the future. It wan one of those resting-places so. to speak though in one sente there was no pause in their onward progress- but one of those points in which they were impelled to renew tjie course over which they bad pa3s*J, nnd to contemplate the part they had yet to traverse. Look ing lack they would see a body of Chris1 ians, some of whom were now to worship in this place, landing upon the then desolate shores of this colony, associating themselves together under their able and energetic pastor, to whose memory that i place had been in one sense erected. They saw them growing with the growth and increasing with the increase of the colony, spreading themselves into various portions, and still for the mist part remaining a united congregation around their ori ginal pastor. A building was erected, which though at first thought to be beyond their requirements, and almost beyond their means, was found inade- . quato. and stimulated by the 'desire of forming some memorial to their departed pastor, and also by the desire of baring gome more worthy building to dedicate to the servico of God than that in which they had been accustomed to worship, the congregation formed the object of erecting the building wbich had now been so successfully' carried out. It was impossible, in looking upon tbe past, not to call to mind many who had been loved for their kindly virtue, and valued for the serrices they 1ib4 rendered to the cause of tbe Church and mankind, who had dropped out, so to speak, and whose loss they deplored, while their memory was cherished. But while they deplored their loss in looking back upou the past, they could, in contemplating the present and in looking forward to the future, f« el and fee that their places were filled by others, and they truscd their places would continue to b» filled as long as God had a work to be done in the world, in which roan might help as a fellow labourer. And while it might seem hard toiay so, they must still remember that the loss of those who had gonebefore them was the price they paid for the presence of those by whom they were sur rounded. Death aud life wcrenecessarilyconnectcd. One generation succeeded another, and there was only a place for the pnecceding generation because the former one had passed away. It had been often said, and saiil truly, that but for the circum stance that every generation was remored by death, there would not be, even physically, suace enough on the surface of the earth for those who were born into it; and, apart from that consideration, that there was a natural necessity for death, their feelings of regret on account of those to whom he had referred were softened by the thought that they were not dead, but only 'gone before,' that they had now entered into one of those many man sions of Heaven which all tbe teeming millions of earth would never suffice to filL The building of that edifice was a symbol of a union between a body of Christians who worshipped there; but it was a symbol also of the limits and distinctions so to speak by which they were separated from other bodies of niristi-tns. Just in the game way as the material edifice brought them all together to a place of meeting or union, «o did the pro fesiion of faith in which they concurred brinjj about an intellectual union in rapport of the main truths they recojnized. and the particular form in which they held them. Just as that building cut them off from the external world, 60 the profession of faith necessary for their union was a mark of distinction between themselves and other bodies of Christians; anil while recognising the importance of all bodies of men beinsr {able to meet together on somecommnn ground, which none of them could dispu'e and all would rrcr.gnise, it was necessary for Christians also; bat they must, remember that they could not and did not clain: to possess the whole of the truth, or even to be: al/snlutely right on those points on which ther differed from other bodies of Christian*. Alt creeds necessarily had a relative value, and they must bear in mind th?it different professions olr creeds drew a line of distinction on those pointn which every one, he tkousht, would azree to be of comparatively litt'e importance. They thouM remember that while they possessed tbe rixht— and erected that building that God might Iw worshipped in the form they believed to be in accordance with the spirit of the truth— they still recosmUed 'hat upon the face of the common earth th«e misht be thousands of religious bodi'Ss who, though differing from them in main points, were fctill children of a common ' father, believing in one Christ, and that there was th» blue sky and free air ohore all ; while there r&- Bais«d truths which perhaps not all of them together had comprised, that there was something yet to be done further than had been learned or done by any body of Christians, or by all together. ^Applause.) The Rev. C. W. Eva*, pastor of the church, said be wished to offer a few remarks just by way of introducing his brethren v.'io hid kindly cngjged to wliiress the meeting. He must take tbe oppor tunity of saying that the completion pf that build i.'gand its occupation for worship was to him a Biuirce of great s 'tisfa'ction and thankfulness. He iniuht s.\y that the idea of erecting a public build ing of this nature iu memory of Mr. Mow urigi rattvl with hinui'lf. Fur some time before Mr. Stow's death the quts'.ion of ereiting another sanctuary f;:r the congregation wor-hi|'piug at Freeman- street was mooted and discussed, Mr. ?Stow himself oprt'Sfinc a hone that lie should see it accirnph-hed. '\Ylien the friends at North Adelaide erected their spacious and rcrbajn he should say beiutiful church-(Hear, near, fmm the Kev. Mr. Jeu'erU)-it was certainly beautiful within, and he hoped i'. would- »ome day be beautiful without— Mr. Stow expressed a hope that it would move the friends at I'reeman-.Ntreet. and told one of their old friends that he would have to help build a church that would cost jCIO.OOi). Mr. Stow was taken away, and the people realized more than they had done before the iirammt of their obliga tion to him for hisjlong and laborious services. ' , appeared then was the time to rise nnd build a memorial ehurch. There was a prevailing feeliDg that some memorial nhould be raised, and it was proposed that a public i monument should be erected in some prominent part of the city. But that many of them did not sympathise with, thinking it would hardly accord with his life and labours as a minister of CliriU; and it was thought a more titling monument would be a church, where his concrecation dnil.l wnr-ihin ma wnere tne wont to winch n» had devoted lit life could be cariitd on and extended. On ,h« day of the funeral he (Mr. Evan) suggested ;his to one or two, who fu'ly sympathized with him, and be called a meeting, when it was wmally resolved to attempt what had now been tecompiUhed. He c»uld not say he looked back lpon that meeting with unmiug'ed satisfaction, the bxilding was theu contemplated to coat one talf what it had done, and the result had been that ihe fir.it subscriptions riven had been in many ?ases since doubled, and in some more, but if they jad begun on a larger scale they would have made mere progress. They had exceeded what they con «raplateu, and the cost of the building was already n excess of the grand sum of £1U.OJO, mentioned t-y Mr. Stow, and if it was to be adorned with a ipire— for it ought to receive that crowning glory -it would requiro something like £2,000 more, they had received sympathy and help from other Dhurches, though not more thai they had hoped to receive. Their best friend out of the :olony bad been the Eev. Thos. Binuey— (Hear-— nrho at great personal trouble collected and for warded to them a noble sum. Prom Tasmania they received one contribution of £100. from ttew South Wales they had bee or two small sub scriptions, in addition to a noble subset iption fron the ladies of Pitt-street for tbeir baiaar. From their neighbours in Victoria they r-ceived nothing until they received tlw Kev. Mr. Henderson— [cheers) -on the principle, he supposed, that if Victoria did anything, it must do something steat, so they sent Mr. Heudersou, and tbty were very !{lad to see him. (Hear, hear.) They had, at he gait', received help from others, but the bulk of the cost, as was expected -aud as it was tight it should -devolved upon their own people. The heavy balance which would appear againrt them would have been greatly reduced, but for the com mercial depression which, had existed. Even the ladies, with all their encrey and de vices, had beeu very much bamsd, and he must express his admiration of the zeal aud devotion which the ladies had manifested, and that with very gratifying re&ulU.; he could not help, seeing the building now it was completed, asking himself whether it would bs as satis: actory in practical effect as it was in appearance. As to tbe eraceful and pleasing character »f the building be had not heard two opinion.', and so fur as he was able to judge, the acoustic properties were, for a building of that siu, very favourable: and when he got acquainted with it he believed ho should be able to bend sounds through every part of it. (Hear, hear.) He hail been sere'ral times warned by his brethren that be would be dune for when he got into the new building. But he cauld say he had ai little personal motive in this movement ai in any ho had ever been engaged in. He felt it was a woik that ought to be done, aud that if his physical strength should prove unequal to the new circum stances, others would be found to do tho work. Some friends had found great fault that they lud retained the pulpit, lie thought, however, the pulpit was u necessity of that style of building, and he must confess he liked it too. He liked to be ihut in, and what to his friend Mr. Henderson was a sense of oppression, gave to him a sense of security. No doubt the lact of the pulpit bejng fixed in front of the platform was an inconvenienco for public meetings, but they would be ablo to remedy that defect. He felt grateful to his brethren in the ministry, that whether Congregational itta. Wealeyaus, Baptists, or l'rc;byteriins, they had one and all readily agreed to take whatever part in the service* was requested ot them. (Loud applause.) Mr. Thomas Graves, the Treasurer, read a statement, showing the cost of thechuich with the tower as it at present stood to be £10,930, towards which be had received donations iu cash to tho amount of £tf,U25, and there were M-me few promises yst to receive, say £100. They bad borrowed £3.003 on mortgage, and so the balance he wanted independent of the mortgage to make up the amount was £1,775. Towards that they had some £22 to their credit in the Bank, and there were the whole pf the proceeds of the services. He should noi be satisfied until he saw thegrounda enclosed by a wall and palisading, and then they would need to be planted, which together with the tower would require about another £2,000. He also stated that the old chapel, which it was originally intended to sell, had been let on lease to Mr. Young as a schoolroom, at £150 a year, vhereby they secured the advan tage of using' it for the Sunday-ichool, which otherwise would have had to be provided for at great expense. Mr. Graves clso stated that the members of the Committee who bad bad tho management of the work, could not, it they hud been building for themselves, hare done every thing they had more economically than the working members of the Committee had done. (Applause.) 'Xlie Ker. Jas. Jbfpbris, LL.B, stated that he occupied the place which would have beeu filled by the Ker. C. Manthorie but for domestic bereavement. While being called upon to bear bis testimony and offer bis public tr bute to him whose memory was hallowed in erery heart pi esenl; he did not think even the members of the congre gation of the Stow Memorial Church were more indebted to Mr. atotr than the church which he was representative of. He was told that Mr. Stow had laboured for 10 long years to endeavour to establish a Christian community of the Congre gational faith at North Adelaide. They all knew that he was successful so far u the commencement was coucerncd. and when lie (Mr. Jeifcris) was in Sydney, soon after Mr. flow's death, he was told that it had been one of his choicest consolations in his dying hours that God had permitted him to do that woik. Ho he thought that Thomas Quintou Stow had a second Memorial Church in ttie ci'y. He hod intended that night to pay a graceful tribute to Mr. Kvan'b church, and to have said that it was the most beautiful in the city; hut now he would not-(lauglitsr)— because of that ungiacious 'perhaps.' He would refer to Mr. Alexander Hay, who said a short time ago, afiei having teen all the new churches in London, that (n point of beauty there was none equal to his at ^ortli Adelaide. (Hear, hear.) Tue resolution he had to move was— 'That this meeting would devoutly acknowledge the measure of Diriuo blessing vouchsafed to the labours of this Church since its orginiz ition by the Kev; T. Q. Stow in the year 18.(7, and would earnestly pray that iu occupation of this memorial sanctuary may be the means of enlarging it* u«e fulnetaand advancing the interests of our common Christianity.' He had just passed the old building in which they had been worshipping with no ligh'8 in it, and looking ai if its time were passed. The time had cou-e when it was natural, both on account of Mr. Stow's memory and in the interest* of the congre gation, that they should arise and build, and they mi done so. They hod raised an edifice that wai not only costly, but it was undoubtedly a very beautiful one; and if he said anything against the Gothic style when the question respecting their building was first mooted, he was now ready to retract or maiify it. Hie chief fear was that the acoustic properties would be deficient, and he could point to many churches of the same style iu the city where they were lamentably «f. There was a good deal m the style that wai appropriate in a building intended for worship; but after all he confessed he liked tbe interior of his own church better. (Laughter.) He took Jlr. Henderson orer it that dav. and he would allow him to speak. The rer. gentleman proceeded to remark Upon the evidences of progress of a Christian Church, which consisted not merely in imposing congregations, or even in the multiplication of its members, and said he believed f rum what be had l«en told that there had never been an era in the pa-t in which the prosperity of the Church who were to worship in trtnt building had been greater thau at the present time. He most fervently hoped such was t lie case. He trusted that the many conveniences afforded by the new sanctuary would be the meani of largely increasing their usefulness, and that the interests of common Christianity might be ad van ed by it. There was a great deal too much Echinm amongst Christiana, each crying out for tbeir owu particular 'ism, but he hoped that would not be the case here, but that a broad and comprehensive riew of the truth would always bo maintained, and that the teachings of their departed brother Mr. Stow, which he so faithfully maintained during his life, would be here constantly expressed. (Applause). The Eev. Jobs Uaboher seconded tbe reso lution. He, in common with others, had comn there that evening to express his congratulations on the accortplUhment of the. work which had brought them together. There had been in the erccion of tbat church tho grateful remembrance of one who bad p used away, and he thought the building well adapted to suhserre the great object for which it had been erected. He held that the prosperity of a Church did not consist in the fact of the pews being let, or that the sittings from Sabbath to S«fbath were regularly occupied. They re quired something beyon 1 this. He beliered thegospel was faithfully preached in Freeman-street by hinr, which had now entered upon his rest. It might happen that some members of a charcli would sometimes rise up with a seal owrmuch. They might say to tbe deacons or their fellow-members ' see my zeal,' when it might hi perhaps im possible to sec it, and as a consequence those persons would a-- forth, aa they supposed to find some more congenial atmosphere. Now it was one of the blc«3ings of - -hristianity that they could afford to look at the departing sha -ows of Ruch, and say ' peace be with you. ' He held that it was one of the signs of prosperity of a church when some were disposed to go out of the midst of it. This church in time past had to his mind always lud that decided r-isn. What would have become of High- street, Ken-inpton— the fir-t,- be bettered, buiit after Freeman-street— if it had not been for Freeman-street; Of course it would hare been no where. What would have t«c-meof Clayton Chape!! It would have Ixien nowhere. \\\ here would Hindjnarsh-srjuare haTe be n had it not been for Freeman-street; It would have been nowhere. And more remarkable (.till, where would the IlaptWt Church have been but for Freeman-s-treetf It would hare been nowhere. (Apwlaube.) Or where would that little one at Hindmarsh have been, and many more? Nowhere. Some times wanderers from Freeman-street went to Chalmers Church. They would sit there and sssociate for some months or year?, but the Northern atmosphere appeared too'keen for them. They remained a few months, and after that be j never 8a* them again, and he felt it a relief he could assure them. (A laugh.) He could hear testimony to the readineei o. the Freeman-street 1 congregation ever to contribute tovarda tta tsupport of missions a; home and , abroad, and be trusted in its future it would 1 go on even more prosperously. He trusted ' Mr. Lvan might be speedily restored to rigorous health and bodily Btrnijrth— for there was 'no intellectual weakness— and that if not, the bodily weakness might be overruled, and that he might be even more successful in his Master's work. The resolution was carrit j unan)rooa»!y. The Kev. A. M. Hkndkrsoji was received with I applause. He saiJ he frit rather a difficulty in i speakms? that evening ns he barf already trespassed s-- much upon them, and hardly liked to occupy.. the principal patt of the meeting. He wished io express Ins groat pleasure iu being prtsent at ? meeting of that kind, and its attendant Btrrice.% and of seeing the work brought to a delightful consummation. From friends of his who had; visited South Australia iie had lieard rtporU in variably iu ttieir favour as a Btraa- community, ill which there was more real solid life than in th« hurry of his own colony, and much cl ..%. religious life and tendency to religious things. He bad seen some of this during hi* short stay, and also witnessed oneot the most peculiar char acteristics of their city, and certainly, within such limits, he had nerer seen to many beautiful churches finished of such a costly character as in Adelaide. (Hear.) He was not going tofi.-httho mule of the styles and to define which hetbonght best, but the church they contemplated erecting in Melbourne was not in the d'othic or Italian stjle, but rather more in the earlier liothic. They in tended to have it in its interior more like a theatre than a church. He considered that the derit was one or me 1110*1 sensible and sagacious beings, and architecture had engaged bis, attention for a considerable time, as was seen by the inside of a theatre, and the con reniencc manifested for the comfort of players, WhOee throats never tn-k nnt nf nnl.-r- anil mi tnanv u i & ,w) persons migat hear a wlnsitr in a theatre, vhile in some small chapel, holdiiifi about 4'hl persons, the preacher could scarcely be heard, they theretore thought that the style of the theatre «rould be the best adapted for the purposes of jrorahip. The pulpit was always too constrained lor him, although in that building it was adapted iothe style in which it was erected. He must, liowerer, «ay that that church was one of the, if not the most beautiful structures of its character upon which he had ever looked. (Hear.) He felt rery thankful to their respected pastor for his kindness. He had heard him in London himself, jndalso Air. tiinnev's opinion, that he was one of the moat accomplishei men and epeakcrs he had srer heard. He would, however, try aud turn his mention to another subject that evening. There lad been something said iu the sermon on Suuilar lite/noon which haJ ititerctted him, and he had noticed that it had been also rcf cried to by Mr. Kran on Friday evening. The present was a period in which uiauy faucied there was danger of the truth of (.hristianity being direrted from it* current by the streams of Rationalism and Ritualism, connected with iufldclitv aud super Btition. The sceptic aud the superstitious worked altogether in the same community. Although, nitualisui was beginning to sUow its head, wag there any change in the actual condition of things f lhey knew where tha seed was; where they had a Butr.»upported Church, the Chuich relying upon the arm of flesh for its sustenance. It was now affecting England, and through her their eom niuuitj. Looking upon the Anglican Church-be ipoku without harahness-they saw Kitunli-un In two forms embedded in it. No new development ; tne whole thing a manifestation of tho principles that hadjain hidden iu the first act of the Church, that the child was subjected to svery month at the communion. . With regard to scepticUm, they all knew how much there lay in the bean of man something which would rise up in rebellion againak truth. In the floating science of the present day, distilled from innumerable pap u throughout ttnglaud, there was continually coming into opera tion BOiuetbiuK aiming to discovtr wrong in the Holy Book, that it ought be rejected. Contem plating those things side by hide, they saw how the man of superstition drove tbe other intafcep ticism; while, on tbe other hand, multitude* rushed from that scepticism to Rome itself to Cud ibnie rest there for their wearied souls. But wns there anything to dread in that ruoYcmei.t! Ha thought not. ; As one connected with the cducu tion of young men he hid invesigalcd tho*u thmgt, examined into them, and icfuted then?, and he did not fear them. T.herc was al\va}« Bide by side with them developments of another order. At the time of Henry VIII., when that strange man would burn a Puritan to day and hang a Papist the next, some holy men corunenced a information in Knuland. It waa carried on in the reign of Edward VI., but on tha accession of Mary there was a rciregressiou towards ifomaniBin. Iu the revision of the Liiurpr tlie upholding of tiie real presence of the Lord in the sacrament laid the loundutum for what ut» present existed. The luiilans then tone into strength, although the Star Chamber and tha Inquisitinn fined men £20 per month fur not utter ing service iu the parish churches, rendering it a matter of as much dilHculiy to practice pure religion there as it wsuld have been in the city of Konie itself. But the 1'uritaus grew still, until James L came to reign, and then his took pre cisely a sirailarcourse-' to harry them out of tho land.' He to a certain extent succeeded, but how glorious was the result. 'Jhej found an utjlum in Holland from Protestant Popery, and a tcsh-I afterwards lelt England with another party, who founded the colony of .New JftgUnd. The piin eiplo which led them there was, that they might have freedom to worship God, and witu their lire* consecrate themselves to the serrici of Jehovah. At tint time tho lint attempt to pro pasato nationalism took place iu 1WS4, and it was followed by other works on the subject by Hobbs. Just, however, at the time the tiist principle of missionary enterprise began to work, and the fint missionary, ia the person of George Elliot, went forth amongst the Mohicans and other lndiau tribes from the settlement of Virginia in America. There remained tho fact that Ritualism drors these men out of the land, and that missiouary work sprung itito existence at tue some time that Hationalisui commenced in Knelaud. What existed at present I Why, the fact remained that the promoters of infidelity and Na tionalism hardly dared to] sptmk out, while the glorioua working of their missionary societies were exemplified by hundreds of thousands of conreits. In tho resolution lhat had been spoken to that night a retrospect had been taken, and, in lookinp back to 12 mouths ago, when lie com menced a work in the City of Melbourne, he was led to look forward now to the time when he contemplated opening a church larger than the one they then met in. lho question of npirituitl prosperity was a deeply touching one to him. He thought of the wondrous (uture laid before that Churcli, and the wdl being of the youug came up before him, and in whom us took a gieat interest. If lie had a desire btronger than any other, it vis that be might seeyoumjsuulswon tolhc Lord Je»u» Christ. (Applause.) He wmhed to say a few words especially to them. ' Their Chairman had reminded them of the universal law that one generation must pass away to leave room for another. When any one said to him, ' Well, I hope my son will make a better man than his father, he heartily echoed the sentiment. Their advantages were infinitely greater than those of their father*, who had come out in the early days of the colony, and had undergone trial and diiiiculty to prepare the land for their hab tatinn. They had wore opportunities to dedicate their hearts to God. and to take advantago of tbe. blessings lento wed upon them than those who had gone Mare them. His knew it was a hard matter to divert tho young from the purauit of pleasure aud get them to put on old head* and old hearts, but would they hare au old head remain young they miwi begin to put it on at once in the early period of their life. In the course of 26 years as a minister of tbe Gospel he bad seen not a few who, having, refused to uke this responsibility upon them in early life had become mero wrecks aud ruins uf mau. He saw an instance of it in the streets of Melbourne a shoit time ago. While, on the oiber side, he had seen aged disciples, on the rente of 9U, with hearts as young aud fresh a« erer they were. They had had trials as other people; but they possessed that principle -within winch preserved their souls, and which made them, while sinking into what others w*uld be decrepitude and, decay, still lively, rigorous, »nd posBtsstd of youthful- joyiiusnest. Contract this with tho worldling's punuit cf pleasure, and bis rain regrets when life was nearly over. It was that that caused Thomas Moore, a poet hardly surpassed by Tennyson himself, to sing— ''This world is but a fleeting show. For man's illusion giren : Tbe Bin lies of joy, the tears nf wot Deceitful shine, deceitful flow— Thtre'* nothing true but hearen.' Thus sung Moore, and By ion also indulged in the same strain upon his 33rd birthday. It was this which led the Preacher to exclaim ' Vanity of rarities, all is vanity.' Ami such was the feeling of creiy man who had tried the pleasures of trie world, and fuu.d them wanting. Let them yield themselves unto God, and seek that for which thev wete created. When he thought of that future which lay before tbem- that brighter day for tbe Christian Church- he looked down the rixta of time, and saw thousauda of the people filling that land with noble deeds, and leading souls to eternal felicity— that was what, in his idea, constituted the prosperity of the Church. (Applause.) There was one word in Bsripture. which in the infinitude of its meaning; defined the prosperity of the Cnrinian Church; it was 'salration.' Science and other studies wereallfery well in a subordinate position, but the salration of souls should be the grand aim of life. He had often tried to gire expression to the thought ' Bared from death.' as riewed in the language of the Apostle Jatne*. He had tried to think of what that death meant: but be could irot. It was beyond his thought-the death of damnation, banishment from the prexenco of the Lord and ths glory of His power. To think of the wondious faculties God had given to man haring to endure that ! If it were possible to collect all the anguish, that ha4 tormented humanity from the time of man's being and deal it out drop by drop to one single individual, the time must come- when it would be exhausted: but eternity would nerer bo exhausted, and still it must endure. Then, on the other hand, it it were possible to concentrate all the joy and bliss that mankind had erer known, and deal it out in abundant floods of goodness to one (ingle soul, when all that was exhausted it would be as nothins in the immensity of eternity. One won dered, in riew of these incalculable bless ings, that the salration of souls was not pursued with the deepest earnestness. When hi* time on earth was orer, and lie was laid in the grare, ha would rather thau anything else hare carved on the rudest stone laid orer him by the hand of gratitude the word*, 'He Rated a soul from death.' That was a joy which erery man and woman could obtain, and it would be the greatest joy in Iiearen. As his last word to them he would say they re mained there to lire and act: he went to another place to lire and act :but might they all meet again, if not below, at God's bar in joy. Applause.) An anthem was then giren by the choir. The Her. Jahks Macghas moved ' That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the ladies for their kindness in providing tbe tea, to HU Honor the Chief Justice for presiding and to the choir for tbeir efficient serrices during the whole proceedings.' The Ker. W. Haocub neoondel the motion; wh«:h wa* carried item con. . . The Chaikmax returned thanks on behalf or the ladies, choir, and himself, and the doxology having been sung, the benediction was pronounce 1 and the meeting closed. . w« Several pieces of music were sung by the choir 11 Th?to'»l VmSSit reali^d by the whole of the Fmice*. including a sate of articles held by thB Udi's in White's Koom on Tuesday before the tea. was about £W0. g Dn. BACKHAU8.-The Very Cer. Dr, B^khatt will leave &outh; Australia for ^hu'*£n» TO or two to take charce tt the qatholic Church at that place. ? ' ^ [ContinxKd on Pagt 6.] 