PRESENTATION TO THE REV. W. C. SAWYER. From the Times idge life's Vazetti, January 1 ) I NOTE ITHSTAMJIIIO the extraordinarily unpropitious state of the weather on Wednesday evening the ground being knee deep in snow -a goodly few of the Bridge Groen parishioners assembled together at the schoolroom, to witness the presentation of a testimonial and presents to their late curate, the Rev. W C Sawyer, who is soon to be seen seated BB bishop of the new see of Armidale and Grafton, New South Wales. The testimonial is an appropriate address, beautifully printed and ornamented by the ladies of Bridge Castle, and enclosed in an elegant fi area, and is accompanied by a parch- ment scroll, signed by the parishioners. The presents consist of a superb inkstand in Tunbridge ware, a most fitting present from the locally famous for that kind of manufacture, a purse containing £50, the proceeds of a gathering amongst the parishioners and friends of their much respected minister, and an Etruscan card place, a present from andy Thompson, Front Rectory. The meeting opened by singing a very appropriate hymn selected by the Rev. Sir Henry Thompson who, as rural dean, kindly intimated, in the absence of the incumbent, who is at present staying in Brighton Sir Henry, upon rising, expressed his delight to meet so many persons upon such a boisterous night, and then proceeded to remind them of the time when they had only a room in one of the houses of the village, where he used to come and address them occasionally, and now congratulated them upon the progress they had made, having now a nice school and an elegant little church He begged them not to feel undue sorrow that one of their ministers was to be removed from them, as he was sure to rise to a more exalted sphere and position, as it was generally termed, although he (Sir Henry) thought no one could possess a better office on earth than preaching and teaching the Word of Life, and whether he be bishop, dean, deacon, or prelate, if a true minister of the Gospel!, God would equally bless and reward him. Sir Henry, who spoke very fluently, concluded by presenting the articles fo Mr Sawyer, and regretting his inability to express belove and gratitude felt towards him by the people of Kndgo Green. The Rev. W C Sawyer then rose, and asked God to enable him to say the right thing, for he expressed himself totally unable to speak as he felt. But after a short time he proceeded in his usual humble and feeling style of address to thank those present for their kindness upon this oooaeign, and also during his five years of ministration amongst them for he said, he had never received one unkind word, or even a black look from any of them during the whole time. He next commented upon the difficulties to be encountered and the responsibilities attendant upon his promotion, as the diocese is nearly three times as large as England and Wales. And I as he was to be the first bishop and all the ministers would be chosen by him, of course he would, as it were, stamp the character of the diocese for the future. And he | prayed that God would indeed kill him with the Holy Ghost, that he might be fully competent to discharge the duties in a proper manner. He then spoke of the need he would have of the devout prayers of his old parishioners, and prayed that the all- wise Creator would always) pond Then faithful and devout pastors to instil His Holy Word into their hearts. He also expressed a wish that the £50 might be a present from the Bridge Church to the Church at Grafton ; but Sir Henry Thompson bore interrupted him, by saying he had received particular Instructions upon that point, and it was to be a gift to Mr. Sawyer himself, although he was, of course, at liberty to dispose of it as he liked Mr. Sawyer then concluded his speech in a very feeling manner. Another by inn was then shop, when Sir Henry pronounced a short prayer, and the meeting separated. 