S^Jjj^device adopted by some of our mosi^^u lar novelists, of bo connecting a series of fictions and rendering the interest of each dependent on the other, that properly to enjoy one the reader must peruse all, seems to have furnished a hint to our present Ministry. We have had a suc cession of measures linked and connected with each other brought forward ; a Railway Exten ~'-v) sion scheme, depending upon the adoption of 1 tho Treasurer's project to borrow the goodly sum of £3,000,000 sterling, to furnish the funds necessary to carry it into effect ; and a Land Amendment Act, of which the portion referring to the formation of agricultural areas, at least, , seemed framed in contemplation of the proposed increased railway. facilities bejng obtained. The expedient which secures the perusal of the series of fiptions should the first excite the interest of the'' reader, has, however, the disadvantage of also causing them to be discarded should their \commencement prove dull and distasteful, and the parallel between the works of such novelists and the measures of the present Ministry holds good in this also. The rejection of the proposal to borrow the desired millions was fatal to the railway, extension, and the Land Bill, although withdrawn and reintroduced, with several alterations and omissions, and with the admis sion that it was open to further change and re construction, has been consigned to the Parlia mentary limbo that is peopled by the ghosts of defunct schemes aiid abortive measures. Had \- it gone into committee there seems a fair probability that it would have been shaped into a ; serviceable and beneficial measure, but it is useless to speculate upon what might have been. It is observable as regards political life in England, and in a minor degree in these colo nies, that the assimilation of ideas on many subjects, the breaking up of the old parties that represented two distinct and antagonistic poli tical creeds, and the consequent prevalence of coalition governments have produced a corres ponding change in Parliamentary procedure. Cabinets are not now so much inclined as in for mer days to stake their existence on single mea sures, unless involving questions of great im portance on which they have pledged themselves to a definite line of action, nor do they regard one defeat as a matter of such magnitude as to necessitate immediate resignation. If this con duct appears less' chivalrous and high- minded than that of at once withdrawing from the field on which even a single reverse has been sus tained, it is, at all events, a more common sense and practical course of action. An adverse vote on a particular measure does not necessarily imply that a Ministry has lost the confidence of the public, but often simply indicates that on that particular question their views are opposed to the sentiments entertained by the majority of the House, and in many instances this majority may be the result of a combination of individuals who are actuated by no very exalted or patriotic motives. We presume it is now certain that the present Ministry will continue to retain office. They are justified in thus acting by many precedents in British and Colonial Parliamentary history, and we consider that by so doing they will exhibit wise discretion, and pursue the course best calculated to promote the interests of the colony. Considering the elements of which the Assembly is composed, we cannot recognise any possible combination that could advantageously, supplant them, or form a stable and efficient ministry, nor are we at all sanguine that an appeal to the country, which would certainly be very expensive and troublesome, and would greatly retard public business, would have the effect of supplying us with better material for legislative purposes than we at present possess. \- We have neither Heaven-born statesmen nor a class trained with a view of exercising that function in this land, and the probable result of a general election would be the return of most of the present members, with possibly a slight infusion of fresh blood, which might be no im provement. The leaders of the existing ad ministration are generally admitted to be two of our ablest statesmen, and in going further and seeking for change we should in all likelihood j fare worse. | 