THE BUKRUMBEET TRAGEDY. TOE INQUEST. On Tuesday, 10th September, Mr Thomas Hopper, district coroner, held an inquest at the United States hotel, Carngham, on the body of Jame3 Morton, of Burrumbeet, who had blown off his head on the day previous. John Mitchell deposed that ho lived at Burrum beet, parish of Haddon, and was a farmer. The deceased was witness' nephew, and resided in a hut a quarter of a mile off. He was a laborer till he took up about 40 acres of land. Witness thought him about 40 years of age. lie was a native ol Bally money, County Antrim, North of Ireland. Ho had a wife and three children living, two dead. He had been about eight years in the colony. Witness never saw him since be came back till Monday morn ing, when ho was running from the police. The deceased's wife had requested witness on Sunday to give information to the police, as the deceased had threatened her life. Witness came to the camp ana reported the matter. Constable Menagh camu out on the following morning and went direct to Mor ton's houae. Thoy wero ail anxious to see Morton taken away, every one being afraid of him bocause he had firearms, and threatened to shoot his wife aad a person in the house, a lodger, named W. Ferguson. This was about midday, and a great many wero standing at a distance watohing to Bee the constable take him away, '.vhen thoy heard two shots fired inside the house. That instant Mrs Morton rushed out of the door with a cry, and Morton after her, and then Constable Monagb. As the constable came out he fired at Morton with a revolver, discharging four shots, Morion to all appearance not being hit, at least severely, as he ran on strong till he got to the back of a tree near the house, whero ho comtnenoed to load one of his pistols. Tho constable had passed Morton's wife on the road, aad witness went up to her, and seeing her wounded, wished to cheer her up, and said she was not seriously wounded. Wit ness had since ascertained that her wound was not serious. Witness next followed the constable and saw that be was wounded on the left cheek. Wit neB9 asked hiin if he thought he was mortally wounded, and he said ...he thought ho wa3. Witness thea took him into his (witness's) own son's house. The bystanders then told witness to fly, as Morton had said, " Now for the old man," meaning that he would shoot witness next. Witness went home and loaded his gun, and then came out to a fence along with Mr Ferguson and some othcra to watch him. While there, Mor ton, who had a double-baTrolied gun, fired two gun shots in the direction of witness. Mrs Rees, who resided near where witocBS was standing, asked him to have a cup of toa; be went, leaving his gun at the fence. Whilst in har house witness heard tbe report of another shot, and the children cama run ning to tbe door and said Morton had shot himself. A ecore of persons, who were about the place, ran to the spot, and the deceased was lying on his back, with his skull blown off, and brains and all scattered to a considerable distance from tho body. Mr Joseph Stoney, Constable Croaadale, and Mr Ogle, who had arrived beforo witness got forward, picked up the scattered skull and brains of the deceased and put them into a handkerchief. Tho police bad tbe gun now produced, which belonged to tlio deceased; the string now fastened to the trigger was on it then, as if the deceased hud lot off the gun with his foot. Witness had not heard anyone say that tbe deceased was seen pulling the trigger; but it was supposed by those present that he had done so. Witness then got his cart and sent bis son to convey the remains as might bo required, the police being in charge of the body. Witness was afraid, and all tbe neighbors thought likewise, that the de ceased was insane for years paBt. He had been away for eight months from home, and had just returned on Saturday eveniDg. He had previously threatened the life of his wife and had been very talkative, and talked nonsense. He never showed himself vicious towards anyone but his wife. Witness had couu sclled him to quit his evil ways, and to quit cursing and breaking the Sabbath, and he had taken a dis like to witness on that account and wouldn't work with him. To a juror—We thought him both evil disposed and insane. Mary Morton deposed that she lived at Burrum beet, and that the deceased James Morton was her husband, the land they lived on was taken up under the 42nd section of tho Amending Land Act. In the month of November last the deceased began to say that she was giving bim poison, and that other persons were getting the poison for her. He blamed his uncle, Mr Mitchell, for getting it. Witness had not heard him blame any other person. At that time he refused to take any food that witness would cook; ho was then in the habit of going away and getting his food elsewhere, and coming back suddenly. He would also sometimes say that she was going to cut up his head with aD axe, nnd he was in tne habit also of taking his razors, and the smoothing irons, and other things, and putting them under tho be<\ When witness got alarmed at that lie would say that he was putting them there to keep them out of her way lor fear she would get them and injure him. Witness told the llev. David Kenton, her clergyman, of tho matter, and he wished to have him taken up. Mr Iienton spoke to him on the subject. ThB de ceasod then said ho would leave-the country, bb he wouldn't stay to be taken to any court. Ho went away then in January, and returned on last Saturday night, coming into the house about nine o'clock, but ho had been in one of the out-houaea for somo time. On coming in Mr Ferguson, a lodger, who was stopping with witne3s till ho got his house built, and who was sitting in at tbo time, spoke to him, and asked him if ho was come back. The deceased 'did not reply at first, but eventually said, " I suppose this woman haB been a to you." Mr Ferguson said " Oh! shame, Mr Morton, for you to say the lise of that." The deceased then commenced to talk of a horso in the bush. Ho was very angry. Witness wished to send for Mr Mitchell. The deceased dared them to send for Mr Mitchell. The deceased then gripped her, and kicked her, and dragged her to the back door, and presented a piatol within three inches of her face. Mr Ferguson came to her rescue, but did not get into any Bcuflb with the deceased, who dragged her into the house again. The deceased then tried to close tho doer, and have only witness and himself in the room, but she stood with her back against the door till Mr and Mrs Mitchell came. He then denied that he had u pistol. He talked very curiously, sometimes saying that he had been in Scotland, and other times he said he had been in New Zsaland, and then he would Bay that nobody knew whero he had been. He also said his ghost would haunt those who had done him tbis harm. He then sat down by the fire, and witness saw the pistol he hud concealed. He then rose and paced through tho bouse with his hand on the pistol, and said nobody would ever have to stand against him in a court, and that Bomebodv would fall before he wmilH fall Witness then requested Mr Mitchell to send word to the police. On Sunday the deceased kept rambling in his talk, and on Monday morning about eleven o'clock Constable Menagh came. Witness told him it was dangerous to go in as Morton had a I pistol concealed, and also had powder. The oon stable said " no danger." The conatable and wit neiB then went in together, and the constable told Morton that witness had given him in charge for threatening language, and for presenting a pistol at her. Morton held up hia knifo and said that was all he had, and that tho constable might grope his pockets. The constable did so, and found no pistols, and then told Morton that he would have to go with him. Morton said he would like to have his dinner first, and to have a horsB to ride, and he sent his boy to bring in the horse. Tho boy was long of coming with the horse, and the constable was beginning to get tired of waiting. Morton got ready to go. He then went into the bedroom und returned, and asked witness if she would put the saddle on a horse that witness had got the loan of from Mr Rees. The constable told him he could put it on himself. Witness then noticed the pistol in the deceaaed's hand, and heard him say he was sorry to have it to do, but the constable was a dead , man, and with that the deceased presented the pistol at him and fired. The deceased was leaning against a partition in the Bame apartment. On being struck with the shot the constable fell in the fire. Witness had not had time to give the alarm fired a pistol at witness as she made towards the to the constable. The deceased then turned round and door, the ball striking her on the back of the head and rebounding off the bono. Tho wound was not dangerous. Witness then ran to Mr Mitchell's place, and she heard the con stable firing four shots, as she thought, at Morton, bat she was stupifled, and couldn't see or hear very well. The constable then cams to Mitchell's and told them all to fly, as he waB not able to fire again. Witness then fl<jd to Mr Heea' place, aud shortly afterwards heard that the deceased had shot himself. Witness had seen him return to the house, but had not seen him bring out the gun. The double barrelled gun now produced belonged to the de ceased; it had not been kept loaded in the houae. Witness had been married twelve years to the deceased. They were married in Irvine, in Ayr shire, Scotland, and had been eight years in the colony. Ia reply to the police, vritneso said that the deceased never had any pistols before he went away. TfUe pistols noyf produced were those Bhe saw with the deceased when he came back, (The pistols, which were loaded, were apparently a new brqee, single-barrelled.) The decease^ was not aucustomed to drink, apd wc>3 a temperate man." John Mitchell, juo., deposed that he resided cIobc by the place referred to, at lBurrumbeet, and wnu a farmer. The deceased wag a coi}»in of witness, who had seen hjtp Hhoqt himself. The act to.ak place on Monday, just a few minutes before the policemen came toward, Qn Saturday night, when the alarm was raised that the deceased wan Hilling his wife, Witness went over qnd saw that Mrs Morton waa Qoyete4 vfit^ blood apd'her clothes (ora. SIiq said her hnaband had been kicking bet ana'd,»B„ her about. Witneas ou Monday fad aX constable, and warned him that tho deceased », determined man. The conatable said »Nft <! t will look out (or that." Witness here described attempted arrest, and n was simply a ol the evidence already Riven on that point wl ness eventually saw the deceased go into hiihnn and he subsequently came out with the KUn in t u hand and a child in hia arms, and he walked likt sentry in front of hia house for a time, and went in and out. He then waved hia hand round hia lull and said something, but witness was eleven „ twelve chains away, and couldn't hsar what it *«, Witness then saw, as it were, the mu:z\e ol lbs 8Un up and the stock, down, and heard the gun o0tff and then the deceased ldl. Wi'.ne-s BUppostd >,i had pulled tlio trigger with his loot by tn«ar» of the string on the gun now product (Sergeant Lynaa here explained to the jury that only ono of tho barrels of the gun had been dij. charged; the other waB not loaded.) Witness pro ceeded to eay, that when he went forward to tve place tho body of tlie_ deceased was lying on ti';e ground, the head having been blown away, ihc police, who had come forward, had the gun and they gathered up tho scattered remains of the deceased'! head, aud put them into a handkerchief. The body was then put into dray, and brought to Carngham, To a juror—I saw the child afterwards, quite .-ifo'. I suppose he had laid it down, though I didn't tiotic» bim. To another juror—I believe the gun now pro", duced was one I had seen with him. Witness fur. ther explained that he had never seen anything life insanity with the deceased, though he sometimes talked a little strangely. Witness had heard t*o shots fired shortly before the deceased shot bimscli, but could not Eay whether they had been fired by the deceased, as witness had not then got to the top o! ilit hill. Witness had told the constable that he thought Morton would resist being arrested, as he was a determined man; but this was aaid merely with th« view of putting the constablo on his guard. Mr Inspector Stoney hero informed the jury tint he had searched the pockets of the deiesstd, and only found 2s 2^1 and a box half-filled with percm. sion caps. Mr Stonoy intimated that any evideucs the police could give was then ready, it required; but the coroner considered it was not needed, ttw cause of death being quite clear, and it being only a question a» to the deceased'b sanity at tho time lw committed the deed. The jury consulted for about an hour, and re. turned a verdict as follows:—" We find that the deceased James Morton did, on the 9tU day of Sep. tetnber, 1SC7, at Burrumbeet, feloniously, willutiy, and of malice aforethought, blow his head oil, by discharging a loaded gun at his head, and of which mortal wound he then and thore died." 