UPPER MARY. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] We still experience showery and cloudy wea- ther, and apprehensions of a flood are not yet over. The temperature as indicated by the thermometer, I fancy has been higher than in any previous March in my recollection. Thunder has been heard round us, and light- ning seen, but the storms, atter threatening, have disappeared in the direction of Mount Baupal — the gin dwelling in which mountain must have rather an unpleasant time of it, although she is a ghost. A small quantity of Upper Mary sugar is now being consumed by the growers of it. In quality, the sugar is equal to that in general use sold by the storekeepers. The lovers of treacle rolls and puddings may gratify their taste for sweets at the low price of threepence a pound at some of the Maryborough stores. The nut described by Mr. Walter Hill in the public journals — yours amongst the number — I was treated to both sight and taste of to-day. It is only necessary to describe the taste, of which it is sufficiently commendatory to say that in flavor it beats even filberts — the nut it perhaps most resembles. Such a nut should by rights abound in the Upper Mary orchards. There seems to be some little difficulty in obtaining laborers for the cotton-picking season, working men being unwilling to engage for so short a time, and employers being unable to take on a number of hands for longer period. That the men are not eager for even a week's work, at any rate of pay, as they were but a few months ago, is a suggestive sign of the times, and people are beginning to turn over their files of the Chronicle to look for the letters of ' M ' on cheap labor. High priced labor is incompatible with agricultural pursuits, and yet the agriculturists have so firmly set their foot on the land, that retreat is impossible; therefore cheap labor must be introduced, and the best means of introducing it should now begin to occupy the attention of the farmers, and by the time the necessity of it is pressing they will know how to act promptly, thus, as in other matters, showing that the Upper Maryites, like the Spartans, not only know the proper thing to do but do it — prompt action at the right time indicates genius in a community as well as in an individual. Potatoes are going in, or were a week ago ; my eyes were delighted to see the beginning of the fulfilment of a prophecy uttered by me two years ago, in which time I said we should see the spade and hoe, receding like the Green Indian, before the plough. Next year I trust (literally) I shall not have to chronicle a beginning of the change, but that the change will have been complete. By mentioning the "Green Indian," I wish to excite again the ire of your contributor from the Upper Mary, whose letter appeared in last Saturday's paper. I don't wish to occupy much of your reader's time, or of your space in my answer ; but logic is logic. To call a man's statement absurd is not to prove it. It is possible the squatter ought not to be driven back, but your correspondent does not make his case out. I admit all he says about the energy and perseverance of the pioneer and backwoodsman, and still my statement remains good. I base it on the following grounds — when they are demolished I will admit my statement to be absurd. The title of the whiteman to Australian soil (if any) is in the superior use he makes of It. The squatter turns the land to better account than the aboriginal, therefore the squatter's title is better than the aboriginal's. From five acres of ground the farmer produces returns as great, producing as much wealth, supporting as large a population, as the squatter from five hundred. This is no guess work or figure of speech ; therefore the farmer's title is better than the squatter's. Fierce competition between the two classes, farmer and squatter, proves there is not scope and verge enough for all in the land. One class must give way or recede. That which recedes must be the less productive class ; the less productive class is represented by the squatter, therefore the squatter must recede, must be driven back like the red, white, or blue Indian, whichever your correspondent likes. I shall say no more than to ask what is the difference between "parched ground" and "thirsty land." It is ridiculous, because un- necessary, to talk in inverted and stilted lan- guage, of pioneers and backwoodsmen, to say, "Worthy are they, &c.;" It might as well be said of a primeval tinker, "Worthy is he of going down to posterity as a tinker of olden times." Twaddle! wind ! but I have no wish to offend your contributor ; I merely wish to teach him what is and what is not argument. April 2nd, 1867. 