CURRENT TOPICS. ' By a late telegram from Melbourne last night, we learn that the jury in Wheelan's, case-canie into Court at 8;50 p.m., ffiuding;'tb'e'prisbiier guilty [ of the murder.bf. Mr'Briimley. Sentence ol. death was passed upon him. A plain red flag will be hoisted at: the TelegrnphijQflioe . on , Saturday ■murninu. Should, the' Galatea'he telegraphed, from Cape Otway, and the Union Jack oif her. arrival at. the Heads. _• A niglit train is to leave Melbourne for Geelong and Ballarat at : o'clock, p.m.' on Tuesday, the -20tli iust; _: ltas will afford an 'excellent opportunity yt wisnessing the iliurainatious; aud' returu ! iug the same uight. L We would again call attention to Ike I fact that'this is the last day on which applications for tickets for the Duke i f Edinburgh ball will be received by the com nittee. Ac the last meeting the to'al number of tickets applied for was 172, t ut it is anticipated the number will" reach oOO thi? day. liny' member of the com mittee is' authorised to receive applica tions. ' - .■ ^. .ei : ■ The committee of; the. Geelong! Tracing Club are to meet this', afternoon iatthe British Hotel. A full attendance' is de sirable, as a portion of the business .will | be elect a gentleman to the important, pos'tion of ho 11 treasurer. The attendance of teachers is called to the advertisement announcing a very im portant meetiug which will .be held to-. Jay at the Towu Hall, at twelve o'clock^ Those who wish to peoceed to Queens- 1 cliff to-morrow in the Express, to welcome the Duke of Edinburgh, will do well to secure their tickets, as the uumber of pas ■engefs is to be limited. The regatta sailing committee are to meet tins afternoon at the British Hotel. A meeting of the general committee will ba held immediately afterwards We would call the atteution of mem bers of the Prince of Wales Lighs.Horse to the notice that, appears in our .adver tising columns that those ordered to proceed to Melbourne to form an escort oh" Monday to H R.H. Duke of Edin burgh, must be at the railway station on Sutiday morning at nine o'clock with their horses to go by that train.. ; ii--> .. , We are informed hy our Melboure cor respondent that in the case of the Queen v "Johnstone, a rule for prohibition to restrain the Corporation of Geelong from exercising authority over the cabstand within the railway reserve, the rule was ma !e absolute, 'l'nat i?, the decision was giv. n against the Corporation. A black snake, fully six feet in length, was killed a few days ago in Mr Cutk bert's paddock, on the Geelong and D.-ys dale road; by some men engaged in bark , iiig'the' wattle- trees. Two of the men 'had retired into their hut to breakfast, when'ooe of tlieni sitting down on the bed, heard a hissing noise, he jumped up, and to his astonishment, found there' was more company in the liutthanbe had anticipated, the reptile being coiied un on the bed close to where he Had been sitting. His snakeship was evidently, disinclined to leave his comfortable,, quarters and prepared for defence, head, erect it awaited the onslaught,and although the men struck out..: most vigorously, it eluded their blows, now ami again causing them to fear" a spring ; this fear lasted between te'u minutes and a quarter of an hour, when a r well directed stroke laid the euemy low. There was only one case to adjudicate upon at the Central Police Court yester-. day. that of Frederick Jenkins,; a seama'u belonging to the Salamander,5 who was charged with' disobeying the [orders of the Captain. An officer of the:steamer; appeared, and said he would not press the charge if the man was ready to return to" his duty, and as the latter expressed, a. desire to do so, he was. dischrtrged.'j'jJJjtjl Parker was on the bench. , j ".j In another column will be] found the ,i contributions already " promised.*: to '[the: free banquet committee, in answer.to the appeal made yesterday by Messrs Ander son and Clarkson.' These two gentlemen did not meet with a refusal) and it will be notified several'of..[the contributors j have promised: tostive more if .requisite- j It is to be hoped they will ndt .be [called-: upon to do so, brif tliaf every person who', has -not contributed^.will:seud;in!"-hi*; -donations. It is [to; be; a free; public banquet, and it would; not- be! fair if the expenses were to fall on the shoulders of i a few. AVe notice Dr Hope has.sent,a hogshead .of colonial wine, and we,trU3t ' t';e: vignerous liying in the district will hasten to follow the good example. At Ballarat they will have a. wine fountain, and therefore it will never do for Geelong, surrounded as it is by beautiful vineyards, to be behindhand in this respect.. Following the example of theirconfreres: \- in Mel bourne, the- cm ployes-i n - the-vari ous. butchering establishments of the town "have eiguified their willingness to attend at the free banquet which is to be given: in bnhor of the Duke of Edinburgh's visit,-for the purpose of assisting ui the curving. ' . It is a pity the Health Officer or Town Inspector did nut visit the lower end of Moorabool'street yesterday, so that they might have inhaled1 the stench arising font the-'snap manufactory in the neigh bourhood. -The hot wind made .the effluvia most disgustiug, and sufficient'.to. make any one sick passing in the locality."" Surely; if such manufactories are tolerated iu the town, somemeansshouldbe taken by the Corporation of [prohibiting - the; renderingkdown of putrid fat, which is sufficient to cause a fatal epidemic.; -Writing letters .to"the papers is; with, same people'quite a mania, and these, generally speaking, appear.: to 'consider' that daily journals haye nothing more important to do than to: publish, their often vapid effusions. A laughable1 in cidont in connectionwith this same praptice of tetter writing was brought to light yesterday at the Insolvent Court, when William Watson of Ballarat was under examination. In trying to find u list of debts which he had collected in his estate Watson pulled out a lot of paper?, which were immediately pounced upon by Mr Harwood, who was examiuiog him on behalf of the official assignee, and found to be a letter which Watson had written to the paper?, but which had beeu refused insertion. It was c'osely • written on , twelve large sheets of foolscap, and as Mr Harwood justly remarked, it would fill a supplement; and, we might add, the raiding of the letter before publishing it would upset the equanimity of the best hmpered editor in the world. The pith of the joke i«, that the letter was sent to a jontemporary, who bad to pay 8d postage, no doubt tbiukiug he had a rare budget if n«w4 : Mr Matthew Burnett, well known as i the Yorkshire evangelist, who has laboured ] with such signal success on Ballarat and the other surrounding g"ld fia ils for the! past two jnars in the cause of temperance, delivered an address at the Mechanics' Institute, last evening, in aid of the build ing fund of the Wellington-street Wes Icyan Church, Ashby. There were about 300 persons in ths ball, and theTiev James Btckford occupied the chair, a number of ministers and ; local -preachers being around hira upon the* platform. After a hymn bad been sting, and a prayer offered, the chairman read, a few particulars from statistics lie bad prepared connected with tbe Wesleyan body'in this colony,' from which we gathered the information that there are at present 288 churches belong ing '[to.-that' body, aud 95 other build-: iugs in which divine service is eon ducted. There are 62 rcgular.'.nunisters of the gospel, and • 440 local preachers distributed . throughout the various cir^ chits.. The . entire, number' of. church numbers in the colony is 9000,, butv th'e aggregate number of attendants at'dtviiie worship , is .61,376. _ Of , Sabbath schools t'lerc are .264--which are attended: by' 23,166children, whose interests are looked aher by 2.920 teachers. Mr Hunt then offered ai few remarks relating to the nhiect for' which the address was about object tor which the address was aoout to. be given; He said that the church at Ashhy Was-built about ten years ago at a-j cost .if £l200, Avhich"sum had been paid off, but now there was.not an available seat, and . it was considered necessary,, that the building .should, be ' enlarged..| The anniversary services.hadigiven them" £50 towards the object^' arid; £100 had. been-oollected. It was proposed that tried church should he enlarged sufficiently to ' make its size 54Jfeet'liy;25 feerV - ■ Another hymn was then surig, and Mr Burnett was introduced to the meeting. He relnted .many.instances.during the course, of his life time he had;been the means of causing ~me'n!iin'd-women"by taking the* pledge of. sobiiety to ultimately hecnirie ■ worthy members of society, and particularly dwelt upon his efforts in Ballaratwh (re, iv a period of thirty four, weeks, 3000 , men .took the pledge, and in eighteen week no less than 3400 women were won ' over to"' the principles of total abstinence -from; the ose of intoxicating liquors. Q6 then spoke on -'religious'" questions : fur: a considerable time, beiog frequently applauded ; and at the termination of lus 'address a vote'of thanks was earned with acclamation ~ by the meeting. ; It was thought that, Mr Burnett, would- remain here .for a few weeks, .to., hold; regular 'meetings, hut he said this was impossible, as he-bad a few more duties to perform at Ballarat, and after that he would re quire a month to recruit his health. He 'said lie .-might be expected-to take up bis' adode in Qeelong about the beginuiug of next year. -c ' It is notified-in another, column, that, the Banks will close to-morrow. Our correspondent writes that at the Colac Shire Council meeting, T. M'L-iueh lin, Esq., was .re-elected President with out opposition N-.w the river Barwon has fallen to its summer level, we are glad-toTsee the hoavy floods- have not done any damage to the Breakwater; or carried away any | of the iron chains or standards, but the i approach from the South.Barwcm (lorn ' mon nas not escaped so well, the floods having washed away a portion of the " road._ ' When this is repaired-and no time should he lost in doing the necessary work—the Breakwater will theti be avail able for traffic. J Mr Henry Ward has shown to us the address to be presented to the Prince an Qiieeiiacliff on trie arrival of the Galatea, by the: Msy/ir anil the chairman, of the local :reception committee -there. " Trie, address is well worded and loyalty to th' throne well expressed, and the skill~nnd execution with which it has-been en grossed and illuminated on vellum by band by Mr Ward, di-s-rves particular commeudatiou for artistic skill and neat ness of execution and finish. It is quite sufficient evidence that engrossing and illuminating can be as well executed in Geelong as in Melbourne. The Town Inspector desires to acknow ledge the receipt of a puncheon of wine fro.u -Dr Hope, M.L.O., forthe fret* bAiiqaet,. to . he given in-:Geel6ng. The Inspector will be glad to receive articles that will not injure by keeping, as sood as may be ; but perishable "articles- had better" nut be sent in until the day/of the banquet, which will be duly notified. ' Jn another column will be found the 'programme of the Reception of the Priuce during the first four days. \- - -Our.'.Melbourne correspondent writes : —In the Supreme Court in Banco', the appeal .iu the case Ba'Ian Sbi'e v Par tridge,, in which Mr Clow,^ - P.M.,'had ;giveu- an elaborate decision against the shire iii a suit against. Partridge 'for vates Ori the ground that the rate-book was not properly copied and signed".' iThe enure upheld the appeal,-and reversad'Mr Clow's decision as based on trivial grounds; • We have to_acknowledge the' receipt of the. Australasian-Wesleyan Almanack tin; 1868, published at the Wesleyan Book .Depot,' Lonsdale-street,' Melbourne, at ihi | low. price of sixpence. It is- full 61' I.information and well printed," and con" | tains much information acceptable-to .W'sleyai-a. - ' ' • i i "An.affidavit has been sworn in London -.by. Captain Elenry Bolton Bdeuborough; "whp in 18G5 was in Kingston, Jamaica, in command "f an armed schuoner, '.tbe> : Happy-go-L'icky, which, was cruisiilg in the uffing -while-ha was on shore.- It is •to the effect tllat the Rev. G. W. Gordon' (who was executed at the instance"of Governor Eyre) endeavoured to.piiicbaae the,vessel, and failing that...bargain, her ■armament, guns, powder,--rifles, torpedos, &c.;, and that these were intended for use I" the ..rebel! ion of the negroes, which afterwards broke out prematurely. By an advertisement in our other columns it will be seen that the banks in Geelong will be closed on Saturday, the 23rd instant, in honor of the Duke of Ldinbui-gb s arrival. The Australian Journal for the month has been received, aud shall be attended .-.We have to acknowledge the'receipt of the Melhourne Illustrated Post and the Illustrated Londou_ News for the"pressnt month. _ Both publications are good and give ; pictorial representations of the Prince's doings at Adelaide, and are well adapted for transmission by the mail for the information uud amusement of friends at home. The Argus asks Can it be possible that the .Governor is at last returning to lus senses } Rumours were flying about on Wednesday, to the" effect that some of the warrants for judginsuts, duly certi fied by the - protbonotary, had been re turned unsig'iied. It would appear that Priuce Alfred has' as much claim to a cordial welcome frorii tbo Irish as from the Scotch residents of the colony'as far as titles are concerned for he is Earl of Ulster as well as Duke of Edinburgh, and the Irish title is-tlio hrst mentioned in the following notico I from-the_ Court news in the Illustrated London News of 26th" May, 18G6:—"On the 24th inst, her Majesty was pleased to confer the following titles on his Roval Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Knight j of the Garter and Knight of the Thistle and his heirs male for ever ;—Earl of Ulster, Earl of Kent, and Duke of- Elin b.irgh. Trie Grenville Advocate it appears re ports VVe are authorised to state that. Mr Henry Henty, M.P., will not stand tor North Grenville at the forthcoming I election, business preventing him giving die necessary time to Parliamentary luties. He deeply regrets having to take tuch a step, and expresses a desire to again represent his old constituency when im business will allow." A Government Gazette Extraordinary I tmmunces that toe Hon. Geo. Ward Cole k' has .tlBe" aP P'doted a. member of ;lie Executive Council, and that he took .he oath and his seat at the couucil tabic yesterday. Tha Argus'says—f We have some rea son to suppose that H-s Excellency and his advisers have repented of their un« seetuly conduct in proroguing parliament helnre an address to H.li.HT. the -Duke uf Edinburgh was adopted., Provided that the" assent of the opposition can .be^ie cured to the' adoption of an address without discussion, about which we" feel sure there can be no doubt." Parliament will meet for the.third time this year on Monday next, at:ten in' the forenoon. His Excellency will .not opeu" the session in person, but it will be done by cummis-. sion. _The whole tiling will tint, occupy more lunu-uzui .an-, unur. ■■■• we suppose the session will begiu and end tm Monday otherwise there is a plentiful crop of subjects to provoke discussion, and that of 110 friendly kind. However ,it is a matter for congriitulation that there is no probability that_sucb a marked slight is not to bo offered to our Royal visitor as would, be "involved in the- witiiholdlng an address •..from the two Houses of Parliament." \- The trowel which is' to be -presented to H.R. H..l Prmce Alfred on the occasion of laying-the .'foundation stone of.,the new Town-hall, ls.iioiv benfg made by Messrs Bru«h and M'Dniincll. It is entirely of" gold. On one side in tho centre is a view of the Town-hall as it will be when com pleted. . Tins ■ is neatly encircled in enamel "of different colours ; - beneath are the arms .: of H;R.H., "surrounded by the . rose, - thistle, and shamrock, and above .the-iiiscripuoii, " Used by H.R.H. Priuce .Alfred, Duke of. Edinburgh, in Inyiiilt the; foundation stone of the l'own-' ! hall,'Melbourne, 1867." 1 On the leverse | are chu arms of "Hie city.of Melbourne, above-which'are-masts,of a.ship,- wuhthe. sails fnrlorl. " Beneath' are the names of tile City Council, the corporation officers, the architects, and the builders, the whole surrounded -with very elegant scroll* work.' ..The'ltandle, which is also of gold, astchaaed-with--laurel leaves; where it joins' the blade it is ornamented with pearls .and'turquoises, and at the other extremity with a :duke*8 coronet, eet off with di;tin''ifd3->'and- •emeralds. The handle is afso-heautifully enamelled. As a:vvorlc of art the.trowel is, without doubt, one. of the. best things of tile, kind that nave over--been made in the colony, an' I - it-, reflects ; great .'."credit upuu its makers. • *--• . ' The Ciiiueso ' at Castlcmaiue have arranged for a procession on the visit of the Prince. - It is expected that over one hundred Chinese will take part in the procession. It is to be hoped there will be no lepers among them; '• A writer in a New Zealand paper states that Sir "George Grey received a message troth tlie Prince, intimating his hope to spend Christmas in New Z-aland; hut Goinihodore Lambert refused to: recognise any departure by ; the Prince .from the ' rmita-hii.i tlown in the iustructiousof the Admiralty. ;■ - On the night of the 30tli illt. a disas trous fire occurred at Nelson, N Z. It is e'uimnied that property t«> the value of between L29.000 and L30,000 was de stroyed.-; -The (ire broke out.in Trimble's Mason, c hotel, at the comer of Trafalgar and' Hardy, streets. The flam-a swept up the latter street as far as the Union Batik, a large brick, building,,which, was quickly -nvelopi'dj'ahd up Trafalgar street as far as -Buckstmie'e new brick store. Ten large buildings' were totally destroyed, -together with a large stock of goods stored in the back premises. The loss is roughly estimated as following: —Messrs Bux ton and ■ Co, L2000; Messrs Black, Cniipbe.l and- Black, L4000; Rentoul Brothers, LlOOO.; Mr Phillips, LlOOO; Mr Johns, L8(i0 ; Mrx Barnes, L800; ' Mr Milner," LdOOO.; Mr Josephs, L/00; Masonic hotel, Trimble, Li000 ; Bank hotel, Everett, 'L2000; Union Bank f Australia, L5000 ; Mr Donald Sinclair, L100; Mr Stanton, L300 ; other damages L1000— total, L24,000:. Others estimate the total loss at from L25,000 to L30.000, and some say it is more than the latter figure. The origin of the fire is unknown, but it is reported Ithat-a servant at the Masonic hall states that she went upstaias to a bedroom and found the mattress on fire, and the room in flames. Air Punch, has, this week, a strikiag cartoon of a ghost, which has appeared at Toorak, and which in wi-rd tones announced itself lb ati exalted personage, as. the uneasy Spirit of "Judgment by default." We also'notice a jiapital trans formation, in another cartoon, of Mr Bindon; "into an old woman, with the veritable chignon; appendage;' taking off •the lid of the " hoiliug cauldron of the Royal Reception Committee's hot broth. The result of the Adelaide Germans forming such a strougv'. liking for the Alburyi district, is now, says''lie Albury Banner, extending to the English re sidents in South Australia: No Jess than nine English settlers have started already. The pibneer^settlers from. Adelaide say that there is no land iu South Australia equal to what there is on the Billabuug, n the Albury district. . As the best view uf the maritime proccs -10a upon the arriv.d of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh can be obtained from the Wil lianistown Pier, Breakwater, and back beach, the railway department has arranged to run half-hourly, trains fr..m Melbourne to Wil li "instown, commencing'"at 1 p.m. and re .'..timing hiilf-hnnrly until 7.30 p;m. on Satur day; the 23rd inst.; • -. '.. {j \- A-Melbourne paper states, in reply to a " correspondent, who. wishes 'id know what .'arrangements the banks propose to make for "closing" during the'Prince's visit, although nothing definite is settled, the probability is .that t-bey.'will bet open on .Saturday from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m:; 'that Monday,will ho main tained as a'close holiday;" and-on the other lays, of next week the banks will close at noon. .■ . . The Herald says :—" WV'observe that Messrs Norton, Graham and Go: and Mr S. G. Henty will dispatch several steamers on Saturday to the Heads to meet the Pr'lDCe. "Che fare 'advertised by Messrs Norton, Graham and Co. "is 103; hut Mr Henty has not yet stated the amount of fare required. Che fares advertised for the Gothenburg are . half a guinea each ; and those by Ihe ttaa gatira 15s first, and 10s second cabin." The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company notify that special return tickets' between Melbourne and Sandridgc, entitling the holders to a place on the Railway pier, on the day of the Duke ' of Edinburgh s . landing, were to be issued on and after last Wednesday. A Me,bourne paper says" The necessi ties of the very poorest class in our commu nity will uot be lost sight of in,the midst of the fothcoming holiday keeping. The sum of £200 bus been appropriated .by the City Corporation to the purpose of enabling those to have a good dinner on the occasion who _ might beunable to provide one for them selves, or to share in tbe , festivities of the Free Banquet. ' Of this amount £50 will be dispensed through the agency'of the Ladies Benevolent Society, and £150 will be sp; pled by tho committee ~bf. the Immigrants Home, to the purpose for which it is10" tended. It is thought that there are many families to whom such a donation would be very acceptable who would no t of themselves come forward to request it, and it is wishc by the committee that clergymen and others who know of such cases would send in list* of them to the committee, who would ha*® them visited, and'award orders for article of food according to the character of tn cases. ' To give opportunity for making a fair distribution, it is desirable that a applications should be made at the I®'"1 grants' Home at as early a date as possible In theMeibourno correspondenccpublished in the M. A. Mqil we find' the following relative to the meeting betiygen the Qalate» and the Aloxandra, as the former was enter ing the Gulf of St. Viucent:—"It appesff that when the Alexandra came up with _ Galatea, as she was approaching Adelal Captain Brown sang out, ' G datea ab®J ■ The officer of the watch said,4 Hallo. sp tain Brown asked, 4 Have you any letters can take V The Duke immediately ca« out, 4 Is that the P. and O. steamer I captain explained that it was the bra steamer going to meet the P. and U.1 at the Sound, upon which the M inquired how long .he oould An hour was agreed upon, and punc ualh at the end of that time a boat came off wi ll the letters and despatches, and conveying the Prince's thanks, and a-king the name of the steamer. Captain Biown at one sent his card, with the name of the Alexau dra and the agent for the Adelaide journals sent files on board for His Royal Highness While the Alexandra waited the band of tin Galatea p ayea selections from the operas and when the Alexandra ws taking leave the Galatea's crew dressed ship with blu fires from stem to stern, at the same timi sending up a shower of rockets, which wen seen from' Glenelg. The Alexandra also threw up rocket3 as she steamed away." 