ITEMS OF NEWS. The meefcingsof tli9v commoners of Newstead to elect managers, appointed for Monday evening last, was postponed in consequence of an acci dent which had befallen one of the manager;?. At the Police Court yesterday, the business consisted in remanding the man Grinlington to Si 1 more, on the charge of stealing a pair of boots. At a special meeting of the Newstead Council held yesterday, present all the councillors, Cr Kirwan was appointed a delegate on the deputa tion to the Government relative to railway ex tension. Last night Professor Nash gave his biological entertainment in the Oddfellows' Hall, Chewton, to a crowded house. If possible, the Professor was more successful than usual in securing a number of subjects, who kept the audience in laughter from beginning to end with the strange antics and grotesque exhibitions of feeling and fancy elicited at the will of the operator. Mr Nash will repeat by desire his entertainment on Saturday night in the same place. . An accident, which might have terminated j fatally, occurred at the claim of Yandell and Co. on the Devonshire reef, yesterday. The man at the top, in unhooking a full ascending bucket, by some mischance let it fall from his hands. One of the party, W. Yandell, was at the bottom of the shaft at the time, when a warning noise from above made him rush for the drive, but the falling bucket bounded from the opposite side of the shaft and struck him on the head, cutting through his hat and inflicting a severe scalp wound. A considerable loss of blood resulted, but the injured man managed to get home, and' no serious results are anticipated. Mr F. Weston, who has pushed a very brisk trade in this district in the sale of his "wizard oil," has introduced for sale the " mustang lini ment," which is described as having been in use for twenty-five years in America, and which in conjunction with "condition powders" is set forth as having never failed in effect in the treat ment of diseases in cattle. Not having a stud of our own upon which to make a trial of Mr Weston's curatives, we cannot speak practically of their virtues, but should our readers think proper to supply us with a pair of tborough-breds we will promise upon the first necessary occasion to make a trial of both the liniment and the powders, aDd to carefully report the result of our experiments. The Bath Arms, Campbell's Creek, was broken into on Wednesday night by some robbers, who gained an entrance into the parlour by removing seven or eight layers of bricks. The burglars moo iViair irar fn hap frnm wliTnh fH AX7 InnL' &UUVAV; "V -V.V VVfVX. the liberty of removing several bottles of brandy. A bottle of claret was found to be opened, but as the liquor did not seem to satisfy the epicurean tastes of the visitors, they left it for the use of those who had a keener appreciation of this sum mer beverage, and so far did they carry this reserve that other bottles of the same brand were left untouched. The Baron de Nosek complains of being fobbed six times within the past three years, and reasonably concludes that such would not have been the case had there been proper police protection, the impunity with which rob beries can be committed having given encou ragement to depredators to pursue their profes sion. The people of Ballarat'are to have some excite ment presently, if reports are to be credited, as it is announced on good authority that Mr Dyte, M.L.A., has challenged one of the leading free-trade men here, Mr Joseph Jones, to discuss the DarliDg vote and the crisis generally, for the benefit of local charities. Mr Joseph Jones has accepted the challenge, and the note of prepara tion will shortly be sounded. Mr Reeves, one of the members for East Col- lingwood, has tabled a question, to be asked on Tuesday, as to whether it is the intention of the Government to introduce a bill this session to amend the Constitution Statute. A ghost has manifested itself at Trentham. The correspondent of a Kyneton journal thus refers to the supernatural visitor : — " There is a good ghost-story afloat here just now, referring to the unfortunate man Patrick Kean, who was recently drowned in this locality. It appears that a Dutchman is employed by Mr Bickley to drive the engine on the Columbian Gold Mining Company's claim, and he declares he has seen a ghost, and that it is no other than that of poor Pat. Kean. According to the imaginative Dutchman, while he was working on the mine on the night shift last week, and oiling the con necting-rods, he beheld the apparition of the unfortunate Kean, which gazed at him, ' looked into the shaft, crossed over the mullock heap, flnH tli An vntiicliPfl in thp direction of fchfi fatal hole in which he was found drowned. Many folks hereabout are incredulous ; but the Dutch man sticks to his story, and is sure ' he saw de ghost in de foine moonlight.' " The Kyneton Guardian has the following re marks ou the forthcoming election of the mayor of Melbourne, which it rightly argues is, on the present occasion, a matter in which not only the metropolis but also the general community is interested : — " If the contest were simply be tween Mr Williams and Mr Butters, we should not go out of our way to comment upon the matter. But the bare chance of Mr Harbison being elected would be an insult, not only to the citizens of Melbourne, hut to the whole colony. If his narrow- mindedness and self-conceit will permit him, he should at once give up ail thought of at present aspiring to an office for which he was never intended. Harbison, as mayor, would be a burlesque, if not worse. In the public of fices he has already filled he has proved himself a mere nonentity ; and he would only cover him self and Australian municipal institutions with ridicule if he attempted to perform the duties and do the honours incident to a Royal recep tion. Even Mr Fitzgib.bon (ingenious and in defatigable as that model town clerk is) would utterly fail to ' coach ' Harbison, and the whole affair would be a miserable fiasco. We are glad to see that the Argus has entered its protest ; and, as up-country residents are also interested in the affair, we now, as Jaques says, ' speak our mind.'" Mr M'Mahon has moved for a return of the expenses incurred by the Government on account of the general election in 1865-6. According to the Star, a talking canary does pot seem to be such a rarity as is generally sup posed. Mr H. Morgan, of Doveton-street, has a canary, which talks quite distinctly and very prettily, its tutor being a parrot. The bird is also a beautiful singer. The preparations and rehearsals for the forth coming Grand Royal Concert, in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh, are progressing rapidly. Mr Summers has specially composed a grand cantata — " Galatea Secunda " — for the oc casion ; and Mr R. H. Home has specially writ ten the words to it. The " South Sea Sisters " will also be performed. Some adventurous spirits in Ballarat con template an expedition to New Guinea, it ap pears. It is proposed to form a large party of one hundred or one hundred and fifty men, well armed and numerous enough to defend them selves against attack, who Bhall proceed to the island for the purpose of thoroughly exploring its mineral treasures. The sea has been making great inroads on the shore all along the line of coast to the Buller, New Zealand. At Fox's the tide swept up to the back of- the dwellings erected on the beach, and in some instances passed through the stores. Banks of gravel, heavily timbered, have been washed away by the action of the snrf along the line of coast. A proposal to establish a matrimonial joint-stock company (with, it is to be presumed, " limited lia bility ") was broached the other day, at Pleasant Greek, by one of a social party of bachelors, who made the following rather novel proposition : — , ' He would make one of fifty to subscribe £1 each — the whole amount to become the legitimate property of the subscriber who, within a fortnight from the time of paying his ppundi, should lead to the hymeneal alter thelady of his love." The Reception Committee entrusted with the duty of making suitable arrangements in con nection with the visit of his Royal Highness, was appointed on Wednesday. We understand that the committee consists of the following gentlemen : — The hon. James M'Culloch, chair man ; the hon. G. F. Yerdon, Treasurer ; the hon. J. G. Francis, Commissioner of Trade and Customs; the hon. Sir James F. Palmer, Pre sident of the Legislative Council ; the hon. Sir Francis Murphy, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly; his Honour Sir William Staweli, Chief Justice; his Honour Sir Redmond Barry, the hon. John O'Shanassy, the hon. T. H. Fel lows, the hon. A. Michie, the hon. David Moore, the hon. Charles M'Mahon, the hon. G. W. Cole, and William Williams, Esq., Mayor of Melbourne. The maxim that " all that glitters is not gold," is a good one, but novelists of a certain school affirm that there is another equally true, namely, " All are not poor who appear so." This has been fully illustrated in a discovery recently made regarding one of the inmates ofi the Immigrants' Home. For several weeks a certain inmate has been living at the expense of the funds of the institution, being main tained in idleness because he could not get any work, and was UDabie to support himself. A few days since he was found in possession of a little book, which showed that all the time since he had been subsisting on the charity, and even long before, he had a nice little sum of £15 lying at the Savings Bank. Moreover, he has recently come into a legacy of £100 and £-50 a year for life, but he was so idle, and well pleased with his situation, that be had not cared to exert himself to obtain the money. The affair is being inquired into, with a view to make him refund the money he has cost the Home. 