'monsieur kousset's ghost. A FRAGMENT OF AN UNPUBLISHED EOMANCE. ' You laugh at ghosts,' said M. Guigne, gravely ; ' and you laugh the louder be cause I don't laugh at alL My good friends I was once like you, incredulous and scep tical ; but au adventure which, happened to me in my youth made so strong an impres sion on my mind, that it pains me when, ever I hear people treating so serious a subject lightly.' M. Guigue was at first unwillingly to enter into any further explanation ; but after a considerable amount of entreaty, he edified us with the following narrative : ' It was in the year 1730 ; I was then twenty years of age, and a tolerably good looking young fellow, although there are but slight remains of it now. I had not at that time a bald head, a big nose, small watery eyes, and shrunken cheeks. I had a fresh colour, a quick eye, a small waist, sod an admirable leg, as you may still per ceive. In short, I was a handsome lad, sot in the least timid, accustomed to fall I in with the style and manners of the peo I pie that happened to fall in my way. I I made madrigals with handsome ladies, I swore with soldiers, and reasoned as well ? as I could with philosophers. Indeed, I I was a general favourite; and my combined I professions of actor and author were a pass Iport both to good and to bad society. I 'I was travelling to Lyons by the dili I gence, to join the provincial company to I which I belonged. It was the close of I autumn ; the weather cold and foggy. My I companion in the coach was a certain Baron I de Guernay, who had come this way on ? business matters, and was returning to I sleep at Lis own chateau close by. He ?was a great talker, a great questioner, and la great amateur of verses and romances. ?My conversation pleased him ; and he was ?no sooner informed of my profession than he lexpressed a wish not to part with me im Imediately. He was one of those diletanti mrho have always in their pocket some little Idramatic attempt or other, which they hope man will pronounce to be admirable. They Brill then make you a present of it, in order Bo see it performed without having toon loose their purse-strings. I was not to be ?aught so easily ; bnt I accepted the -oner Bo pass the night at his . house. It pro Bused a better supper than I should find at ?he inn where the diligence stopped, and where I should be compelled to remain ?welve or fifteen hours before I could start ?pin.' -....-?.V ;:.?'.. :/:'-; ' ' ? 'We therefore drew up at the end Bf the avenue which led from the high-road Bo the chateau. ? ? A ;; couple of servants in Balf livery were waiting to «arry monsieur's Bortfolio and cane. They took my trunk, Bnd we walked towards what really looked B handsome old building when gilded by ?aeraysoftheMttirigiun. : ' : -.' ? ''Parbkuf' said the Baron, as we pre Beeded up the avenue, 'the Baronne will Be considerably astoBished to see meanive in Bompany with a stranger.' . B '' And perhaps even more Annoyed than Burmised.' I added, 'wrifin nrin Irnrmni that fee stranger is a comedian.' ' ' ' : I ''No,' He answered; !'iny1'wife is not Prejudiced.' She ib a person of talent, as ?on will see.- She is a true Parisienne— a ?ttle too much so, for she cannot bear ?ie country. She has only been here Buee days, and she declares I want to lory her alive. She will be delighted to ?ave an agreeable guest to sapper, And if ?era are not too fetigued to give us a few port recitations afterwards, or to read my ?Me piece, as 1 ', Save 'no doubt you will lead i^ admirably, I am certain ? -' ? 1_ 'Seeing Hut I ehoold have to pay my p^Iyield-wjaUie best grace possible, pa promised the Baron to read and recite ?hatever.he chose to ask me to. I '' You are an obliging fellow,' he «r ?wmed;'.«.ana X am already io, pleased pth yon that I am contriving how to make ?jo miss the coach to-morrow, and keep ?mhere ejgntand-tDrtyAoura.' ? ''Assuredly;' j; said, 'the offer would § very tempting^-—', ? ''No ift,'. he interrupted. 'You will Pa the ch&teau; a pleasant residence, and ? quite as good order as if it had always ?sen inhabitedi in spite of which, I have »t been there for the last three years, er Wtm passing. Daring all the time we ?*e been married, Madame la Baronne has W*ee once deigned to come and see whether Be place is a mansion or a pigeon- honse j i™ *e greatest difficulty to pesodeher ? ?penda month here now— &r; it will ?*eineagood month to install say new W***A, and m»ke him acquainted with ?e«^tfthe«stat£.; How^yon iinder W^t «nv dwr.- * hat. tnnrMmn 1' I 5°^»m»iOT/l«iswered, That |««he Jheatdoaltiile I then assumed; I Yes, yeei'j ^tpsiaor,' he continued. ' You told me so before, aud I beg your I ]-ardnn. Well, you understaud, my dear Kosidor, tL.it it is impossible I should leave a young wife like mine for a whole month all alone in Paris, especially as she has lately lost her aunt, who used to act as her chaperon.' '' \ou would uot have me suppose,'' I answered, with a emile, 'that you have the Gothic misfortune of being jealous V tieawus, no ; only pruac.nt. One ought always to keep one's eyes a little open : none but idiots are utterly blind.' ' Monsieur Ie Baron sometimes talked like a sensible man ; but he did not always act with equal discretion. So true is it that saying is one thing, and doing another. ' He preceded me a few minutes into the house, in order to announce my arrival to his wife. On learning that a gentleman was coming to Bupper, she rang for her maid to smarten up her dress ; and then, when she was told the guest was an actor she seut her away, thinking that an actor was no more of a gentleman than a hus band was ; and finally, when I was intro duced, and she saw my youthful counten ance, it occurred to her that, after all, I might be a bit of a gentleman, so she left the room for just a moment When she returned, I observed that she had an addi tional sprinkling of powder, and wore one or two ribbons more. ' The Baronne de Guernay was piquant rather than prettv. and connettish rather than intellectual ; but at twenty one does not criticise severely. I thought her charm ing, and was not long in making her com prehend that I thought so. She, on her part, gave me to understand that she was not offended at my opinion, but that she only considered me in the light of an artist— at least not till the close of the supper. ' Then there took place between her and her husband one of those domestic alterca tions which would never have occurred in the presence of a stranger of higher rank than myself ; but which convinced me, in spite of my vanity, that I was looked upon as a person of no conscauence. S» I re solved to make myself a little more im portant, at least iu the eyes of the Baronne. I was simple enongh to believe that a flirtation with a woman of quality could possibly change the state of the question. However, I took little interest in the sub ject of their quarreL Only, I ought to direct your attention to one particular, which is the turning-point of my narrative. 'The discussion between the husband and wife was about two stewards, one of whom had died before madame's arrival, while the other, who was to take the place of the defunct, seemed in no hurry to pre sent himself, As madame was already tired of the country, and wished she could leave monsieur there by himself, she de clared that the late steward, Monsieur Rousset, had been a fool to die just at the time when the fashionable world repairs to Paris. She declared that the new steward, M. Buiason, to be another fool, to keep them waiting ; and she gave M. )e Baron to understand that she thought him fool the third, for having hurried himself, and hurried her, to meet a man of business whose duty it was to wait instead of keep ing them waiting. ''In the first place, my dear,' the Baron said, in excuse, 'poor Eousset put off dying as long as he could. He was eighty-two. He maintained my affairs and my house iu admirable order during the thirty or forty years he managed the pro perty. He was a valuable man, and I cannot help regretting him. You see how well he has kept up the house, and in what excellent condition everything is left.' '?mat makes no ditterence tome; 1 did not know him, and cannot share your regret. Moreover, Baron, you exaggerate the state of the case. My maid, who has talked with the servants here, tells me the old man was a perfect miser, and had been childish, too, for some time past.' ''His frailties might be a little affected by age, but there is no evidence of it in my affaire. As to his economical habits, I do not see . how I can complain of them, since they all turned oat to my ad vantage.' ? . . 7FV- W*1X Mjr MV MMVIV 4UWUH JOULUWBI* , he is dead : . but I .will;, hear of no excuse for your Buisson, who is alive. I know no more of one than I do of the other ; but I an very angry ?with him ifor his imper tinence in not being here. Nobody but yourself would' engage with people who seem as if they wanted to go down on your knees and beg them to come and live with you. A pretty sort of steward, to keep you ehilly shallying here, unable to begin anything, and consequently to finish any thing J In short, my dear, I tell you plainly that if your Buisson is not here to morrow, I shall take myself off and leave you to remain or to follow, as you please.' , - 'Have a little patience, my darling, or yon will drive me mad I Boisson will be here to- morrow morning, perhaps this very evening. Good heavens 1 A man of busi ness is not a footman ; and, till he has en tered opon im functions, X have no right to order him about' . ' ' You ohght to have told him either to accept the situation or decline it' ''I took care to do nothing of the kind. He is much too/highly recommended for that.. Why, he is as Tamable in his way as poor Bousset was.' ''If he is hoV like hirn^ insane; for I begin to believe you have made a vow to choose your stewards out of a lunatic asylum.' . «Tha TUrnn n1irn«?ed tiia HhonMeni im patiently, and as he rose from table said to a servant^ 'Pierre, tell the porter at the lodge not to go to bed till midnight M. Buisson travels on horseback, and. may perhaps arrive late.1 ?'I will attend to it, Monsieur Ie Baron,' Pierre replied. 'The late Mon sieur Roussetfa mute of rooms is ready pre pared' to receive M. Buisson.' ' ''Hereupon' we went to the saloon, and Buisson and Bousset were alike forgotten. Madame was «o good as to remember that I was present, and requested me to recite some verses. I offered to read the Baron's dramatic essays bat Madame said she had heard it half a dozen times, and that ahe preferred something from Corneille or Bacine. To punish her for these little airs I obstinately sided with the Baron. We were obliged to come to a compromise. It was Agreed that I should read the Baton's | choicest passages — and choice they were ! j After which I was free to select for myself. : ' I Lad remarked that the Baron was i extremely fatigued, and that it was as j much as the affection he bore his own work could do to keep him awake to the end of it. I succeeded in making him nod by reciting in a monotonous tone the heavy tirades of our older authors, Madame was gaping ; she thought me cold. My uiuut ui uvuvujf ntlU. Illy UliUHJC Ul UEUj' sages made her suspect me to be neither a good actor nor a man of taste. She then began teazing her husband for being so sleepy. Be did not take her jokes good liaturedly, but went to bed, leaving us with a sort of humble companion who was sewing at the farther end of the room, and who very soon made her disappearance. Whether she also felt drowsy at the sound of my voice, or whether she had received from oue party the order to remain with madame, and from the other not to re main as soon as monsieur had turned his back, I have never been able to make up my mind. 'At last 1 was alone with the little Baronne, and she seemed to consent to the position only for want of better amusement I instantly adopted a complete alteration of countenance, attitude, voice, and subject From the dulness of a heavy provincial player I changed to the actor — whom you know — which I had already become in realitv. I cast aside Aframpmnnn nni\ Augustus, and went heart and soul into scenes of youth and passion. 'I then enquired whether she under stood Italian, and at her request read a scene in that language. My fair young hostess was already moved ; her blue eyes sparkled and her hand w-as hot When she asked how it was that, in these Italian sketches, the dialogue came so readily, I answered that that depended more on the actors who gave the cue than on the subject of the piece itself, and that certain persons ren dered us eloquent by their looks and by the inspiration which they communicated. ''For instance,' I said, 'in a love scene, you may have to express the senti ment which the lady who is acting with you really inspires. Such occasions often occur ; and I am certain there are scenes in which I should be sublime, if I only had before my eyes an object equally at tractive with the imaginary being who is the object of my dramatic address.' ' ' I should much like to see and hear you,' she said, scarcely daring to express the wish, 'in one of those moments of in spiration.' '?It only depends upon yourself, madame.' ' ' How so V tAo asked, with artistical innocence. ' ? It will be neeessary for you to lend yourself for a moment to a theatrical hypo thesis. Thus : I am Valere in love with Ceiianthe. I complain of her cruelty in a monologue. Deign to pay attention, and j. wiu uiau iui ubbcm^jt. x sutui pruuauiy be a little cold and awkward at first ; but you will have the goodness to rise and stand behind me, as if you were discover ing the seat of my passion. I shall see you in the glass, and your looks will en courage me. In my part, however, I am supposed not to see you, and I shall have so little hope that I shall draw my sword to kill myself. You will snatch it from me with the words ' I love you !' ' ' ' Beally, shall I have to say that 1' ' ' Yes, madame, and it is not difficult to remember. But you muBt be so good as to say it with sufficient earnestness at produce upon me a certain amount to illusion. Then I shall throw myself at your feet and express my gratitude. I am sure I shall find the most naasionate ex pressions, and that my acting will ap proach so near to nature that you yourself will be deceived by it' ' ' Beally 1'' I am curious to witness that ; and I will try and perform my part in the dialogue. Let us begin at once ; I am standing behind you and looking at you.' ' ' Oh ! madame, not in that cold way 1 You must act more earnestly j you must throw a little warmth into your panto mime J' . ' ' But not till after you have spoken. I cannot know that you are in love with me until you have told me so.' '' O Julia !' I exclaimed — I had heard the Baron call her by that name, which vku her's in reality. And thereupon I spouted a long rigmarole for several minutes. At last I pretended to stab my self, and my princess hindered me with the ctv 'I ]nv« vim !' nronounced with a treat deal more fire than I expected. I com plained, nevertheless, of the coldness' of her tone, and made her begin again several times — when I perceived that, the interest of our little drama had prevented our ob serving that we were no longer alone ! 'With a sudden effort I immediately assumed a calm and indifferent expression of conntenance. The Baronne, turning round to ascertain the cause, uttered a scream of terror at the sight We were thunderstruck on observing that the in truder was neither her husband, nor her duenna, nor any other person belonging to the house by whom we might expect to be interrupted, but a perfect stranger to the lady as well as to myseit. 'It was a little old man, very yellow and shrunken, neat in his appearance though rather threadbare. He wore an olive-green coat and waistcoat edged with tarnished silver lace, speckled stockings, a very old-fashioned peruke, spectacles, and a tail ebony walking-stick- with a top re presenting a negro's head surmounted by a large cornelian carved into the shape of a turban. An ugly black cur dog stood be tween his legs — for he had already sat down in the chimney corner — and he ap peared so busied in warming himself as to have paid no attention to the private theatricals which he must have witnessed. '?The Baronne recovered herself sooner than I did, and, addressing him with a mixture of embarrassment and hauteur, asked him who he was and what he 'wanted. Bat he seemed as if he did not hear her. He was either deaf or'pretended to be so, and began talking to himself, as if going on with a conversation already commenced. ' Yea, yes,' he said, in a short, dry, and feeble voice ; ' it is cold, cold, very cold to-night' (The hands of the clock pointed to twelve.) 'It will freeze; it freezes now ; I am frozen myself. The ground is so bard I could scarcely ftir it ; mid the moon is bright, very bright, too bright.' ' ' What have we here V said the Baronne, turning to me in astonishment. ' A deaf person, or a uiadiuan ? How die he contrive to enter V ' I was as much surprised as she was. I I questioned the little old man in turn, but he made no more reply to me than to her. ' ' If you want to know about M. Ie Baron's affairs,' he went on, 'they are in order, in good order, in first-rate order. M. Ie Baron will be satisfied. The only thing which can possibly give trouble is the lawsuit with the prior of St. Benedict's; but in my hands it is nothing, a mere no thing, nothing at all.' ' ' Ah, I have it !' said the Baronne. ' It is the new steward, M. Buisson. He iias arnvea at jasi*, wmcu is iominate \ uui he is as deaf as a post. Isii't he deaf V ' ' Monsieur,' I said, raising my voice, 'don't you hear that Madame la Baronue asks you whether you have had a pleasant journey !' ' The stranger never answered a word, but began caressing his ugly dog. ' ' What a horrible creature !' said the lady ; ' he will be a pleasant addition to our family circle. How stupid of the Baron to engage such a creature !' ' ' I must acknowledge,' I answered, that this seems a strange person to take for a steward. I don't kuow how the Baron is to talk to him about business. He would not hear a gun fired off at Mb car. ' ' And he cannot be less than a hundred years old ! I suppose my husband fancied the last was too young. Those are the ideas he takes into his. head, and which would occur to nobody else but himself Let us try, however, and send him off to bed. Monsieur ! Monsieur Buisson 1' 'The Baronne shouted with all her might ; in vain. When she found the old man did not take the slightest notice of ner, sue treated tlie matter as a joke and burst into a laugh. I tried to do the same, but could not manage it. The cursed old fellow had spoilt my game at the very moment it was going on so prosper ously. He did not appear to have the least suspicion that his presence was ex tremely inconvenient. He did not attempt to stir from his chair, but warmed his withered legs with an insane sort of ear nestness; and his abominable dog (on whose tail I tned to tread) showed his teeth with a threatening grin. ''The lawsuit,' said the steward, 'is certainly involved, really involved, very in volved No one but myself understands its bearings 1 I defy any one else to finish it. The prior declares that — ' ' Here he began to talk with astonishing volubility, and with a degree of earnestness that was altogether strange. Do not ex pect me to report the drift of his discourse; for none but the devil himself, or an old special pleader could understand a syllable of it It was hebrew to me, and still more bo to the' lady. Moreover, as he went on talking, I experienced a very singular phe nomenon — and so did she, aB she told me afterwards. What he said reached our ears, but did not have the leant trace on our memory. It would have been impos sible for either of us to repeat a single phrase he uttered, nor could we make the least sense of it. We remarked that even he himself did not appear to hear and un derstand what he was saying. He talked as if addressing empty space, and it seemed to us that he sometimes passed from one subject to another, without rhyme or rea son, and that sometimes he repeated the same thing over, and over, and over again. But we had really no actual cognizance of his words. The sound of his voice lulled our ears, but did not satisfy or fill them. The apartment seemed muffled and soundless, as if we were close shut up in a box. His appearance had greatly changed, and continued to change as he went on talking. He seemed every minute to grow older and older. I do not know what people look like when they are two hun dred years old — although we are told on medical authority that it is possible to live two hundred years ; but it is certain that at first he appeared to be a hundred, and that afterwards his age seemed double and triple. His skin stuck close to his bones. His eyes, which for an instant were brilliant, inflamed, as it were, by the excitement of chicanery, became haggard, unsteady, and afterwards glassy, dull, and fixed, till they were finally extinguished in their orbits. His voice also sounded gradually weaker and weaker, and his features contracted. His coat hung loose and flabby about him, and then stuck, as if it were wet about his lean and hectic limbs. His linen, which at first was white, little by little assumed an earthy hue, and we fancied that his person exhaled a mouldy smell His dog stood up and began to howl, in answer to the wind which was roaring out of doors. The wax-lights in the chandeliers went out one by one without our paying any attention to them, until the very last, dying away, left us completely in tine dark. The Baronne gave a scream and rang the belL No one came to Bnswer it; but I succeeded in finding an unburat candle in another chan aeuer, ana managed to light it We then found that we were left alone. The strange old man had taken his departure with as little noise as he had effected his entrance. ' « Heaven be praised !' exclaimed the Baronne. 'I don't know what is the matter with me, but I have been very near having a nervous attack. I never knew anything more vexatious than that little spectre there — for he was absolutely like a spectre, was he not J Canyon conceive my husband's taking such an unearthly mummy ( Deaf, a hundred years old, and insane— for he is insane — into the bargain ! What was the purport of all his mutter ings ? I could understand nothing ; I could not catch a single word It sounded exactly like an old worn-out rattle. He made me laugh at first ; bat I soon got tired of him, then angry, then alarmed, and that to such a degree that I was choked and oppressed. I felt an inclination to yawn, to congh, to weep, and to scream — I believe that I did scream a little at hut I am so dreadfully afraid of lunatics and idiots ! I would not for the world have that mas remain here fonr-and-twenty hours longer ; I am sure I should soon go mad myself.' ! ' ' The Baron must have been deceived about his age aud capabilities,' I an swered. ' He is certainly in his second childhood.' ' ' He will deny the fact. He will make him out to be young and agreeable ; but he shall discharge him at once, or else I will leave. Good heavens !' she exclaimed abruptly, ' do you know what o'clock it is V ' I looked at the timepiece. It was three in the morning. I could not believe my eyes. I looked at my watch, and it was three in the morning. ' Can it be possible,' I said, ' that this old fellow has been talking gibberish to us for three whole hours V ' We kept silence fur an instant, quite unable to explain to each othir how we had borne that tiresome chattering for tiiiec wuoie uuurs wuiiout tue power ui escaping from it and without being aware of the lapse of time. Suddenly the Baronue began to be cross with me. 'I cannot conceive,' she said, ' why you did uot interrupt him — why you did uot find some aiicans, no matter whether polite or not, of delivering me from such a state of torture. It was your place to do it.' ' ' It seems to me, madame,' I answered quietly, ' that I had no right to give orders in your house ; at least not without your commissioning me to do so.' ' ' I have a great idea that I was fast asleep, and in all probability so were you.' ' ' I assure you I was not, for my suffer ings were horrible.' ' ' And mine, also,' she replied ; ? I was terrified and paralysed. I have told you I am afraid of idiots and lunatics. But were you frightened as well as myself V ' ' I think not ; but I was seized with an indescribable stupor, a sort of sick feel ing—' ', Nonsense !' she said, in a tone of dis dain. ' You were frightened as well as I. In truth we liave kept a pretty night watch ! I shall have a head-ache tomor row. So please look about the house — in the kitchen, the pantry, or anywhere else — to see if there is still auy one up. I may break all the bells, and not a soul will coma' ' It was an easy request to make. There was only one single candle in the room. I could not decently walk off with that ; and I had not the slightest acquaintance with the house. I left the room, however, at a venture, stumbling about in the ante chamber and the corridors as I went along. I called; I knocked at several doors. ' If I should wake the Baron, ' I thought, ' he will consider it strange not to be in bed at three in the morning. They must settle the matter between them ; it is nothing to me.' ' ' At last, pushing open an unfastened door, I found myself in a spacious kitchen dimly lighted by an old oil lamp. There again I found the little old man dozing on a straw-bottomed chair by the Bide of a half -extinguished ffre. His dog snarled at me. The poor wretch seemed passing so miserable a night, that I could not help pitying him. I went to wake him up, but he hegan to mutter, ' it is cold, very cold, very cold, indeed.' It was impossible to make him understand a word, and equally im possible to find a living soul to speak to. I lighted a candle, and rambled through the house from top to bottom. Not a man servant nor a maid was there : none of them slept in that part of the building. I returned to the Baloon to rejoin Madame, but she, out of patience, had gone to bed and taken the candle away with her. The wretched light which I had went out, and how was I then to find my chamber ? I gave up all thoughts of doing so. I threw large logs on the fire, drew a sofa in front of it, wrapped myself in a table-cloth, and soon fell fast asleep. ' Servants, however soon they go to bed at night, do not rise a minute earlier in the morning. After daybreak I had plenty of time to find my chamber, which I knew by my trunk being placed at the door. I tumbled the bed as if I had slept on it No one was aware of my bivouac in the saloon. When the bell summoned me to breakfast, I found the Baron and his wife at open war. . He was rejoicing at M. Buisson's arrival, and had ordered a Ber vant to request him to come and be pre claring she would turn him out if he entered her presence. ' ' What can be the matter with you, my dear V exclaimed the Baron, losing patience. ' How can you talk such nonsense as to say that M. Buisson is a hundred years old, idiotic, and deaf f You have not even seen him yet' . ''Ihave seen only too much of him; all the while from midnight to three o'clock this morning.' ''You must have dreamt He has hardly been here a couple of hours.' . ' ' I tell you he arrived at midnight Ask Pierre ; he must have let him in.' ' ' But when / tell yon that I brought him to the house myself, at nine o'clock this morning, and that I went more than a league to meet him, wnat will you say to thatr ' * That you are dreaming.' ' No ; 'tis you.' ' ' Where is Pierre, to give us an ex planation f And you, Monsieur Bosidor, why; don't you speak V 'I was bewildered, and had only a con fused recollection of the eveufcs of the pre vious night I could not, and I dared not, remember anything, nor explain anything. The door opened, and M. Buisson appeared. He was forty years of age at the very most, stout, with a fresh colour, dressed in black, with, a quick eye aud an open countenance. The Baron presented him to his wife. He was no more deaf than you or L He ex pressed himself well, answered to the pur pose, said nothing about law matters, and assured Madame that he slept at St Meimen, starting thence at five in the morning, in order that he might arrive by nine. ' This explanation answered very little purpose, for there was no confounding this steward with the one who came in during the night The Baronne interrogated Pierre who had seen nobody arrive. Heh&d; waited at the end of the avenue till mid night for M. Buisson, who did not come ; he then went to bed. None of the servants saw any one enter. They all slept per fectly well. Madame's maid waited for her in her room, to which she returned soon after three in the morning. ''Three in the morning !' shouted the. | Baron, darting a terrible look at me. j ' Really, it was a singular fancy to fit up ! till so late an hour as that ! But you see that niy steward, who you say favoured you with his company, is not quite so old as you suppr.se him to be.' ' The Barronne fell into a violent pas j sion. ' But speak, monsieur,' she said, ad dressing me. ' I am taken for a romancing visionary, and you sit there without saying a word !' ' My ideas at last began to clear a little, and I said, ' Monsieur Ie Baron, I assure you upon my honour that at midnight, just as I was about to take leave of madame, there came iuto the saloon a little man who cannot be less than eighty years of age, and who amused himself talking tit random until.exactly 3 iu the morning. We could not get him to answer a word, to such a deeree is he absent and deaf.' ' The Baron was struck with the accent of truth with which I gave this explanation. 'What sort of person was this little man i' he asked. ' ' He was thin, and not so tall as I am. He had a sharp uobc, a large wart under bis eye, thin lips, pale and haggard eyes, and a dry and hollow voice.' ' ' How was he dressed 1' ' ' Olive-green coat, waistcoat, end breeches ; blue and white speckled stock ings. He had an ebony walking-stick, carved at the top with a negro's head, with a cornelian turban. He was accom panied by an ugly terrier, which was black «tu uvei, auu vviy Buappiuu. ' Perfectly correct,' said the Baronne.* ' Monsieur forgets to add that his coat was laced with silver, and that he wore tortise ehell spectacles. Moreover, he had a habit of repeating the same word three times ever. 'At that moment Pierre, who was hand ing a plate, let it fall, and turned as pale aa death. The Baron also changed colour a little, and said ' ' It is very strange ! They told me of it before, bnt I would not be lieve it.' ' ' I saw him,' said Pierre, trembling from head to foot, ' the evening of our ar rival as plainly as I nov see yon, and dressed exactly as he is in his picture.' ' ' Fetch his portrait, instantly.' ' A small drawing, in coloured crayons, was brought ' It is not well done,' said the Baron. 'It was executed by a poor travelling artist. But the likeness is frightfully cor rect.' ** ' The Baronne cast her eyes on the por trait, gave a loud scream, and fainted. I could no longer command my feelings. When I recognised, beyond the possibility of doubt, who had been our visitor the previous night, I felt a cold sweat creep over my limbs. ' As soon as the Baronne came to herself, _l_ - __l__j- tt TT_ ? *_. ? \\- _? ir ? ; ? sue aBKea, ' now lung lias monsieur Bousset been dead f. ' ' Alas, poor man !' said Pierre, 'he was buried more than a week before »a dame's arrival. I closed h^^es' inyself ; and, if madame wishes tcfjpbis dog, his old black terrier, who goes every night and scratches at his grave — ' ' - ''Neverr'never!' screamed the lady. ' Quick ! ' Pack up my things, and order post-horses. I will not pass another night in the house !' ? 'Whether she really was terrified, or availed herself of the pretext to get away, she insisted so effectually that in a couple of hours she and the Baron were on their way to Paris, leaving the new steward to settle matters with the old one as well as he could. The lady bade me a cold adieu:;; the Baron tried to be more amiable, and had me driven to the nearest town ; but I could not share in the regret which he ex pressed at our abrupt departure from the Chateau de Guernay.' ' ? ' 