WESLEYAN NEW CHURCH, PERTH. . Star a lengthened period the WeskyanMethodisiB «rf Perth hare felt great inconvenience arising from -the incapacity of their present building to nraommo -date time who wish to attend the Sabbath Set-rices and tie Sunday School. To meet the necessities of the ease, it was proposed to erect a new Choreh, and to employ the «™*»'g chapel as a Sunday School akuhh £«« MjU9«MAm fen 44ia i^rnii^mAa of ???HHIIWll 11OM? 4ttW tihafc purpose. It wasannoancedbypabJicadFertise iBent feat the Comer Stone of the new Church, would be laid by His Excellency the Governor on Oanday, the 24th instant. The morning of that day wore a somewhat discouraging aspect j rain fill at t^wturyla smA many mgnrfld an nnoomfijrtable cere mq. However, despite (be wind and wet, the city atan. early hour assumed a gay appearance— many sayJhgs decorating the locality. About half-past eleven Che rain ceased, to the gratification of all in fjiintnd in -the ceremony. A few tp5''*' before j^fj m* TtmntXlannj the Governor, accompanied by Mrs. Hampton and the Private Secretary, drove to fee site of the New Church, where they were received tor tile Bern. Messrs. Lowe, Lanrance, Johnston, foam, sad Jraylen, with J. W. Hardey, Joseph Hudep, A. Bekmch, and R.R. Jewell, Esqrs. In the fau&groand;' of the platform the Sunday-school icmidren were placed on an elevation, which gave them a good position; and with the numerous spec -titocBBnrroimdmg the area, completed the interest . Ingsoene. The devotional cscercases were opened by ^^ ifee Bev. W. Lowe giving out the Hymn in the ^g WcBleyan eoBaetion, commencing with— ^ ~no«wboIa^uSionlaUtbe1ziiefoimaation stone.' The Ber. J. M. Innes then xead theS4tii Psalm; after wbkh fl*e Ber. J. Johnston offered a most appropriate prayer. Mr. George Shenton then an JSmaA Oat the bottle to .be placed nnder the Stone ^aOmmaH tin following document on vellum :— 'TheCorner Stone of this Chnreh was laid by His t^fdlMi^j S. Hampton, Esq., Governor of tins colony i Ootober 84th, 1867. The Ber. W. Lowe, Betfdent Wesleyan Minister, Perth, and Chairman of the District j the Bev. T.-C Lanrance, Geraldton, CSamwon «ayj Sie Eev- W. Traylen, York; the Her. h7 Gand, President o£ flw Australian Con&r-; escej tboBer.J.Bedfcrd, President of the British CoaSarews. Tnstee8.-^Meesre. J. W» Hardey, Joaeph Hardey, 0. Lazenby, 6. Johnson, J. darkson, A.Hamii, B, B. Jewell, Q. Bell, G. Shenton, S. S. finoo, B, W.Hatdey, andS. T. Mitchefl. Architect. -AlkJewdiaM.- : .Copies of the Western AostraBan newspapers, ^wdajsoinof theTeann, .ware also deposited in the vomfcyNia&e; stone. -.-..? . 3Sa Bar. W. Lowe.: addwaaine His Excellency, Bail i^t-'' As the resident Weeleyan Minister ofPerth it .devolves upon me to address Your Excellency in the TTu- of the Ministers, Trustees, and Members of the Wedeyan Chnreh in Perth. I thank Your Excel lent' ftr tim kind manner in which yon received the ? daytfaliou Who waited npon you to request Your &ceeHency; to lay the Corner Stone of this Chnreh, \- awl also for ybnr compliance with their wishes. We «j^a» ieel'gratefnl to Your Excellency fin: the interest you ^^m have ever evinced in the promotion of religion among ^^ Ibe youthml portion of our congregation, as shown in your annual visit to the Sabbath School, on the ?nntverssry day* and also for our success as a Church fe oar endeavours to advance the spiritual interests of our feEow-caloniBtH. I trust that this day's eeremony will ever be to Tour Excellency a pleasing nanmscence of the part yon now take in laying fins corner stone of a house in which the Most High ?hall be adored,- and the glorious truths of the Gospel proclaimed, long after we, who are now parti cipating in the solemnities of **'« hour, shall have passed away ?from the earth. I have now the honor to request that Your Excellency will be pleased to lay the stone.0 The Bev. W. Traykn said s— ' May it please Your SxaeDeney, — By arrangement of the Trustees of this braiding, I hare been requested to state, that in accord ance with the wishes of the late lamented Mr. George Shenton (who was a Trustee and the principal donor towards Una erection), and also of his respected widow, filename of this place of worship shall be Wesley Church.' - A silver trowel, having (he front elevation of the TWM«y' cinnrcn engraved on it ana me xnuowing ti—.i^rfiiuij was then, in an appropriate address, p^Mnnfr^ ft- pia K-r»*-Tlnnry hy M-. Jmanpti ffariay- — Presented To His KxcdlencyJ. a Hampton. Esg,, Governor cf western Australia, On laying the Foundation Stone of Wesley Church, Perm. W. A. s October, 84,1687. * su« «& W» HaruBy^ in wnfenbie * in Htm* presented His Excellency with an exceedingly chaste and beau tifid mallet made of our native sandal- wood and . xaspbecry ywp, ''^^rfiwl^irpd ]» Typiltfy «m1 Cou, as wsb also the trowel. Tim »fWiHMmimi|^ fyg laying &** stone, tnwjfr (he atblesaperintendenceof B. B. Jewell, Esq, assfated J-y Mr. Brittain,. builder, were all that could be ?iT ?????;! auBireo. ffiw Governor, with the nsnsl farmaaties, then ?aids— **I hy this corner stone ofa Wesleyan Church in which God is to be worshipped, in the name of the IWher, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost' His ExceOeticy then spoke with a solemnity of manner which ermsed his etrong feeling of the pleasure ' 1m- *-u.iiwimimwiT In Inno niiaaurwl in fho inttm*tt£nsT t^miMmA^ of the day, of tile vitality of the services gonancted in the Wesleyan Chnreh, and of thepleasure it annrded Mm to visit their large and prosperous fiabbath SchooL It would ever afford him much ^rafification to look back upon that day. A Verse was then song, commencing with— 'from all tbat dweH betow the sktes ? let fiie Creator's praise arise.' t-h»r wmch fine following statement was made by flbie Ber. W. Lowe s— ' 'We are met under most anspicjoos caennmtanma, and are engaged in one of the most fl'V^'' and inter* .?sting services that »' occupy the mind of man. This day we formally lay the comer stone of a house fir God. 'And will God indeed dwell with man span the earth P the heaven of heavens cannot oon tain Him— how much less the house that we build t ' Heverthekes, He has said 'wherever my name is noorded I wfll come unto yon and bless yon.* And *I wffl glorifj the house of aty glory.' *TBs, wmch is for ns a great Undertaking, has been necessitated by the long conUnue^ demand for stttings Sb out present chapel which could not be supplied, ?ad by the overcrowded state of onr Sabbath School f irf'11 The successive stages «f pfiypnwwnont which ' fasve led to fl'- present important undertaking may te described in a few words. 'Soon after the foundataon of the colony, in 1829, several lay-preachere connected with this church commenced open-air services on the Sabbath-day— \- areachmg 4he Word of God to as many as could be BBOnght together. This coarse was followed by the r-oecoon ot a smau cnapei wmen wonia noia abont 60 people. . 'In 1840 a minister was appointed to take charge of the iwfiitit church, consisting then of 30 members. 'For upwards of 10 years the few Wesleyans at , Out .tone in the colony were under the care of lay , yoacifcm only. Much credit is due to the. men who ' mt m long a period devoted their time and talents to \- {he .cause .of God, and who, in the absence of a ssimster,. could gwthfr a congregation and build a . dtape], sqgukrly holding religions services, and pro aoting, sis far as they conld, the best interests of , those under their care. 'The chapel, we are about to vacate was built in 184B. ~It has over 300 sittings, and for the last 25 . years has served its purpose welL Of this build ing it is intended to make a BchooUrooin. This, : with the present school-room, will give '''''wpffa- Son for about 600 children. ?* The Church of which we now lay the corner stone is about 81 ft. and 45 ft. in the clear. It will con k-«n«» sittings, and when finished will, we believe, be ' vabstantisl, neat, commodious, and no disgrace -tefte ehy of Perth.' : A brief summary of Wesleyan doctrines was *hen fparen. The rev. gentleman thai said : — ' Vor Ions ? wsuatocotneflwse great gospd truths willbe preached Jn-'fiaB Church; and through these truths, proclaimed in frift, simpBeify, and the power of the Holy Spirit «f God, many who shall hear them will, we nope and bafieve, be tamed 'fiom the power ef Satan \- vote God.' I cannot conclude these brief statements without reference to our departed friend the late CL Shenton, Esq. To his princely donation of £1,000 ire are in a great measure indebted for our present ffaoasfirbmliBng.ti&Canirch.; A feeling of profound xespect for his memory is cherished by all of us; and wa aic detuufly thankful to God for raising up such at man to perpetuate His great work of saving men ly a preached Gospel long after the honored instru mentis jeinured to a better world. 'The' cost of this building, including the amount paid for the land, £400, wfll be about £3,000. Towards tho earn we have promises to the amount of £1,700. . We have yet to raise £1,300. 'AstbaTmstees are determined not to burden 1he Trust with a heavy debt, strenuous efforts will be required to complete the Church without involving themselves in liabilities which the funds will not meet. The Bev. T. C. Lanrance, of Champion Bay. said — «*May it please your Excellency : the work we engage I in here to-day is most important; the word foundataon is suggestive ; for as it is laid will be the security of the sunerstrocture, whether we speak of a house, a palace, a colony, a state, or a church. 'Sow the Church of Christ, we mqjnfaifn, is one and indivisible, and is composed of those who have truly repented of sin and trusted solely in the merits of Christ for salvation;; thns are they * built upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief Comer Stone.' 'Beautiful as was the Crystal Palace— sparkling' like 8 gem in Heaven's sunlight— more beautiful in God's sight is a temple of Grace, a material structure erected for His worship; but most beautiful before Him is a converted man, devoted to His service— a living temple, consecrated by the indwelling Jehovah; as Jesus hath said, * If a man love me, he wQl keep my wtpiTnnnfliiiPfnfrij and my father will love him, and We will come unto h™, and make Our «^wte with him.' 'We fervently pray that this house of prayer may never become a nHnnuJunni, or a receptacle for dead souls,— but a place where, by God's power in the ordinances of religion, men shall be quickened, nqngfcifinflj and thuB 'inAo living tpmr^p' of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' It was then requested that those friends who had collected purses, or who had donations to present towards the Building Fund, would now place them on the corner stone. The following ladies then placed purses on the stone:— Mrs. Mitchell, £2; Mrs. Jewell, £3 Ss.; Mrs. Lowe, £10 3s.; Mrs. Joseph Hardey, £21 Is. lid.; total, £36 7s. 11. Donations. —Mrs. J. W. Hardey, £20; Mr. and Mrs. Bobinson, £2 2a.; Mr. Henry Black, £1 j an Old Friend, £1; total, £24 2b. Tea Meetings, £21 J.0s.6d. Total receiveo7£82 Os. fid. The Tffltmwl *™*nam was well sung by the children under the Able leadership oj Mr. S. T. *nfa4«Ji. The benediction was then pronounced, and the assembly left the ground. The day's proceedings were terminated by a tea meeting, which was well and respectably attended. On the following day the juveniles were regaled with j-ailm . fftirl other good {??h'nga ffcyft remained uncon sumed at tno t4rtt— iriffftv^^tf ? The style of the building tb Early English. The inao^ clear dimensions are 81 feet by 46 feet. There will be a t&ancel; 17 by 12 -feet; making the total length from east to west in the clear 94 feet. The rfHumni will be lighted by a three-light window, and the church with 13 two-light windows. The front fa^ng William Street will be nearly filled with a large window, divided into four lights, and&eiiead; filled in with tracery, over which in the gable there is a large circular rose window. The church will be entered from this street by a neat porch at Has north angle, and through the tower at the south angle. The tower, which is three storeys, will be surmounted with a spire, the total height of which from the ground will be 100 feet. 