TOBY AT THE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. That there is nothing so quickly followed as bad example was abundantly proved at the last meeting of the City Magnates at their Hall " on the Square," when, as if in emulation of the " roystering brawlers "of " another place, " the Mayor and his merrie men had a regular scrimmage over the accounts. Mr. Punch was not present, but sent Toby in his place, and that " learned dog " was so struck with the similarity between the proceedings on the occasion, and those which characterise meetings among ms own canine fraternity, that he suggested to "our artist " the propriety of transferring the whole scene to Mr. Punch's columns in the form of a "Bow-wow row," a hint as gratefully accepted as it was eagerly acted upon ( vide page 178. ) Toby's report of what occurred is as follows : Mr. Alderman Woods proposed that the report submitted to the Council by the gentlemen appointed by the Council to inspect the accounts of the Council be held satisfactory by the Council. He read a letter from the Clerk of the Council, something to the following effect : " Sir, — This comes hopping it finds you well as it leaves me at present. Touching them there books, Mr. Campbell and me have both examined of 'em, which if he was present would say the same, only being absent the duty revolves on me to say the way in which the books is kept is unobjectionable. They are neat and clean, without no blots nor scratchings out, and if so be they are only correct why right they are, but if they are not why that of course makes all the difference. If the cashbook be written up every day, if the amount of tin daily collared is shoved in the bank, if a check is kept on the coves at the counter, and if a perfect system of keeping accounts prevails, why everything must be as right as a trivet, unless mistakes occur, which sometimes happens in the best regulated families. Mr. Campbell does not find fault with the way in which the books is kept, but as there is only one person who can make them out — that is, the City Treasurer hisself — he thinks it would be very awkard for any predecessor as might follow him. However this is only Mr. Campbell's private opinion publicly expressed, and can't go for much seeing as how he was too busy about other affairs to trouble his head about the matter in the slightest. If you think the mode I have pointed out is the easiest and best, why of course you will stick to it accordin — if you dou't, why then ekally of course you will make such a alteration as you thinks pro- perest, " And remain, " Your affectionate Clerk," "G. King." Mr. Woods said he thought the letter was a deucid lucid one. If any gentleman had anything to say about it, now was the time to say it. For his part he would reserve his eloquence till he could go in a " perisher." The Mayor said as he was unfortunately forced to put up with any quantity of slaps in the face without hitting out in return, perhaps they would allow him to give them a penny reading out of (Charles) Moore's Works. His Worship then proceeded to read with much elocutionary grace, a long statement to the effect that he had so entered, heart and soul, into the suggestions of Mr. King, that he had actually ordered the Town Clerk to hang the City Treasurer — or rather suspend him — for being rather back'ards in coming for'ards with his accounts. He concluded by saying, let Mr. Wood say whatever he would say, he wouldn't say anything, let Mr. Wood say what he would. Alderman Macintosh thought it was a waste of time for a lot of fellows to indulge in talking, at least until they got some kind of a sort of a atom of a ghost of a particle of a nidea what they were talking about. The letter of Mr. King was too full of ifs altogether— in fact it was what might be called a ins->/-ficient letter, and that's all about it. He (Mr. Macintosh) did not pretend to be a good book keeper, but he could do what he defied the whole of Europe (crowned heads and half-crowned heads and all) to do, and that is to under stand his own books after only the third reading, and find the balance always on the right side. He knew this much more, that a system which allowed accounts to be three months in arrears was not much account at all. But though he was not a book- learned man there were gentlemen among them— " wise fellows; and which is more, merchants ; and which is more, aldermen ; and which is more, as pretty pieces of flesh as any in Alfreda ; and ones that know the law, go to ; and the profits, go to ; and rich fellows enough, go to ; and fellows that have had losses, go to ; and felt all the better for it, go to ; and had gowns and Court suits, and everything handsome about them, go to ; quite as handsome, if not handsomer than the Ministers, go to." Let them examine the books themselves, and prove to the world that they weren't cipherers — he meant the ciphers that an ungrateful, know-nothing, civilized globe would represent them to be. As things was at present, everything the Mayor and Aldermen did was tried to be did without the Mayor and Aldermen, and he didn't think that was quite according to Cocker. He moved that the matter stand over for one month, to enable the Aldermen to learn the multiplication table previous to examining the accounts. Alderman Oatley said he should vote for the "King" and down with Macintosh. 'Cos why? He didn't think it was right for Macintosh to vote for two real live gentlemen being appointed to examine the books arid then go and make faces at them behind their backs. Alderman Macintosh — "They are two i/-fish altogether." A long discussion ensued on Kings, and Lords, &c.; Alderman Sutherland said that the Mayor stated his reason for ordering the Town Clerk to suspend the City Treasurer was that he was three months in arrears, but that fact was no such thing. The Mayor — " Oh ! yes it was." Alderman Sutherland — Oh yes, it wasn't. When he heard of it he went to the Mayor and told him to mind his eye. The Mayor — I did mind my eye. Alderman Sutherland — You didn't mind your eye. Did you suspend the what's-his-name because he was so-and-so in his what- d'ye-call-'ems, or did you not suspend the what-d'ye-call-him because he was what's-it's-name in his so-and-sos ? or lastly — and, mind you are on your oath — did you, or did you not, suspend the so-and-so because he was not what-d'ye-call-it in his what's-its-name ? Alderman Sutherland — Will you answer, yes or no ? The Mayor — Certainly — Yes or no. Alderman Sutherland — That is no answer. Alderman Caraher — Yes it is. Alderman Woods — You shut up ! Alderman Sutherland — I do impeach you, Mr. Charles Mayor, Moore of this ancient city, for that you did, in defiance of that august and reverend body, the Town Council of the aforesaid city, and in direct contravention of the great Magna Carter's Habeas Corpus, suspend one Lord, not because he was behind in his accounts, but because he refused to adopt your system of book-keeping. That says much for your energy, little for your judgment. Those who think with me say " aye " — those of a contrary opinion say " no " — I think the eyes has it. Mr. King, in the hundred and eighteenth line of the seventy-third page of his polite note, distinctly, posi tively, and emphatically states that the blank account books shewn him by Mr. Lord had nothing in them, ! Now this was what was said by two of the most honourable men in the city — he meant one of the two of the most honourable men in the city. Alderman Caraher — What ! Most honourable in the city ? one is. The other — Alderman Sutherland — The Council thought them the most honourable men in the city. Alderman Caraher— Did 'em ? Well, look here, boys— I am no orator, like Sutherland, But as you know me all, a plain, blunt matt That love my friend ; and that you know full well ; For I have neither wit, nor words, nor worth, Action, nor utterance, nor the power of speech To stir men's blood : I only speak right on. were i Charley Moore, And Charley, Caraher, there were a Caraher that would shew them several things or two. The Mayor asked Mr. Sutherland to interrogate his memorandum. Alderman Sutherland said, he had done so, and, according to the Italian mode of spelling, it amounted to a Nell, to be followed by a Hi, the 'ole to conclude with a Hee. The Mayor said, a Sutherland's censure was worth its weight in gold. Alderman Sutherland said, when he heard that the City Trea surer was to be suspended, he exclaimed ' ' that be hanged " and he wasn't. The Mayor said, Oh, he wasn't, wasn't he? Alderman Sutherland said. No, he wasn't ; was he ? The discussion then assumed very much the following aspect : — "Liar." " Rogue." "Scoundrel." "Thief." " Vagabone." " You're a thing." "You're no-thing." " Yagh !" "Psha!" "Bagh." "Gagh," Alderman Caraher, in horror-stricken accents exclaimed, Oh, Cri' ! awful ! fearful ! cut it ! hook it ! skedaddle ! Alderman Woods — Shut up, muttonhead ! Alderman Caraher — You're another. The Mayor — Gentlemen! Gentlemen! Alderman Sutherland — Don't know him. The Mayor — Is it your gracious pleasure this Council now adjourn ? Omnes — "Oh, go to Bath!" "Shameful!" "Don't speak to me ! " 'Certainly!" " I'll punch your head ! " "Doit!" Slap, bang, mash, crash, and grand wind-up. 