LITERARY NOTES FOR JUNE. [Written for this paper by a London Reviewer.] There are not many books of general interest to be noticed this month. Messrs. Longman & Co. have published a few which call for passing reference. One of those is 'A History of the Machine Wrought Hosier}' and Lace llan.ufa.c tures,' by Wm, Felkin, F.L.S., &o.; It contains some plates of machinery and colored patterns of lace. The first chapter is devoted to the old hand-weaving loom, the only instrument employed for 4,000 years in the production of textile fabrics. The second chapter relates to handknit ting, w hich was first heard of in the 15th century, and which is fully treated of as being the immediate precursor and cause of the notable invention next described. Biographical notices of inventors, inter spersed with descriptions of their inven tions, and notices of the changes effected by these inventions, diversify the work. The circumstances attending depression in the price of labor, and its present im provement, tqgethei with, the success of the Arbitration Committee in determining questions between masters and workmen, are of considerable interest. A chapter is devoted to the rise and progress of the machine- wrought lace trade of France ; another to the Saxon machine-hosiery manufactures ; a third to that of France and the United States. Each of these contains facts of considerable importance. Statistical accounts, appropriate to each epoch, show the progress and extent of these manufactures at home and abroad. ' Lewe's History of Philosophy,' from Thales to Comte, in 2 vols., just ajjpears in a tliird edition. This is sub stantially a new work, and for this reason the author lias altered the title from the ' Biographical History of Philosophy,' under which it has hitherto appeared, to the ' History of Pliilosophy' under which he now desires it to be known. The first edition appeared two and twenty years ago ; the second ten years ago ; and the third oflittan bears no greater resemblance to the first thai}' a fffoy.n j^an does to a schoolboy. Dr. Forbes Winslow publishes a thoughtful volume on ' Light, its In fluence on Life and Health.' It is divided into four parts : The effect of Solar Light and Heat on the Development of Animal and Yogotablo Life ; tho In fluence of Lunar Light on the Vegetable Kingdom, and on the Diseases of Tropical Climates ; the Alleged Effect of the Moon on the Insane ; the Hygiene of Light. ' Laing's Theory of Business' is a book writen to show, in small compass, how commerce and banking are severally related to each as constituents of an in dustrial organization. The matters dealt with, in 19 short chapters, are — Modern Production, its Characteristics ; Manu facture and Commerce ; Commercial Credit ; Money ; Imports and Exports , the Exchanges ; Wages and Salaries ; Bj»fit8'; B,ank Np,te.s. ; \he Theory of Banking and Discounting ; Cheques ; the Bank of England ; Investing — the Stock Exchange ; and Pressure, Crisis, and Panic. This manual is intended for busy men who have no leisure to study 'engthy treatises, and for young men entering on industrial pursuits. Messrs. Longman & Co. announce as just ready ' The Englishman in India,' by Cliarles Raikes, Esq., formerly Commissioner of Lahore, in 1 vol. ; also that on January, 1868, will be published the first part of a new illus trated serial work, by the Rev. J. G. Wood, to be entitled 'Bible Animals,' being an account of the various birds, beasts/fishes, and other animals mentioned in the Holy Scriptures. This work will give the popular natural history of every creature named in the Bible, and will be completed in 20 monthly parts, forming a companion volume to ' Homes without Hands.' The illustrations will be taken in every practicable case from living specimens. Messrs. Smith, Elder, & Co. have just published 'Turkeyand the Crimean War,' a narrative of historical events, by Rear Admiral Sir Adolphus Slade, K.C.B. (Mushaver Paslia). Sir Adolphus is chief adviser to the Turkish fleet, or con sulting admiral ; and now reviews the part taken by the Turks in the Bosphorus and the Black Sea in the late war. He points out the mistaken policy of the English and French Admirals, and defends the policy which at the time he urged them to pursue. The book is well written and full of interesting information on the incidents of the war. Messrs. Chapman & Hall have issued 'English Writers,' vol. 2, part 1 ; ' From Chaucer to Dunbar,' by Henry Morley. We have here an excellent history of Chaucer, Gower, &c.;, of their works and their times, with extracts carefully selected and criticised. Messrs. Strahan & Go. publish ' Christ and Christendom,' the Boyle lectures for the year 1866, delivered at the Chapel Royal, Whitehall, by E. H. Plumtre, M.A. These eight lectures gather up the best and latest criticisms and opinions on the life of Christ, in opposition to Strauss, Renau, &c.; They are broad, forcible, -tuu ucsu — nie prouuuuoii oi «* upe scholar and careful writer. Messrs. Edmonston & Douglas issue ' A Quiet Nook in the Jura,' by the author of 'Doctor Antonio,' which pre sents the characteristics of the author's former popular works. It gives us bright and pleasant pictures of Swiss scenery and Swiss life, intermingled with passages, lively or pathetic, referring to character and incident. Mr. Nimmo publishes a ' Book of Humorous Poetry,' with illustrations by C. A. Doyle. Some of the poems are from American authors. The selection is well made, and the illustrations are very etUsctive. Messrs. Low & Co. publish 'The Pyrenees,' from an English and French point of view, by Henry Blackham, with upwards of 100 illustrations by Gustave Dore'. It is a description of summer life at French watering places. Brown, Trubner, & Co. advertise a Grammar and a Dictionary of the Pukkhto or Pukohto language, by H. W. Bellew, ' The Dervishes, or Oriental Spiritualism,' by J. P. Brown ; ' The Historv of India.' hv J. Tsilhovs Wlif-f»lf-r. vol. 1 containing the Vedic period and the Mah;i Bharata, and vol. 2 (in October) containing the Rdmayana. The English Catalogue of Books for 1806 appears this year somewhat later than usual, but the delay is accounted for by the time occupied in the compilation of a very useful index of subjects, which now appeal's for the first time. In connection with the Paris Exhibi tion, Mr. Collins has written a report on ephemeral literature published in the United kingdom. Of newspapers alone Mr. Collins remarks that between 1,100 and 1,200 different specimens are exhi bited, all in active circulation at the same .imn Prnnl n. rrmorli nnTf iil:vfir»n if nnnpnrtj that the number of London daily news papers is 21 ; London weekly newspapers, 28 ; London illustrated newspapers, 6 ; London newspapers for special classes, such as the Beehive, Guardian, Commercial Jounval, 36 ; London local newspapers, 36 ; provincial journals, 650 ; Welsh newspapers, 43 ; Manx newspapers, 4 ; Scotch newspapers, 140 ; Irish newspapers, 125 ; commercial newspapers and periodi cals, 67 ; magazines and monthly periodi cals, about 280 ; law journals, 33 ; medi cal, 30 ; political and general reviews, 34; agricultural papers and magazines, 24 ; scientific and philosophic journals, 70 ; art journals, 15 ; mechanical, 12 ; educa tional, 23 ; of periodical publications for children, of which scarcely one existed 30 years ago, there are now no fewer than 52 ; of light and miscellaneous publica tions there are 137. The collection is destined for the South Kensington Mu seum when the Exhibition is closed. Messrs. Routledge it Co. are publishing a valuable serial work. The ''Illustrated Natural History of Man,' by the Rev. J. G. Wood, who so ably edited the ' Illustrated Natural History of Animals.' Each monthly part contains 48 pages, profusely illusf'.r:it**-l t.ln* rm-rri-vi?nrs }-f» J7i ir In' fli^ Brothers Dalziel. Tho work will be com pleted in 32 shilling parts, and is full of interesting and pleasant reading. The scientific information is not drily and obtrusively presented, but is so blended with fact and narrative as to be readily apprehended and retained in the memory. ' La Fontaine's Fables,' illustrated by Gustave Dor-5, and translated into verse by Mr. Thornbury, are presented, in a very elegant form, to English readers by Messrs. Cassell & Co. Part I., on toned paper, large quarto, with tliree full-page engravings and many small ones, lias just appeared. Messrs. Cassell & Co. also publish a shilling edition of the popular little manual, 'Our Farm of Four Acres, how we managed it, and what money we made by it.' They have also just issued 'The Practical Poultry-keeper,' a com plete and standard guide for the manage ment of poultry, whetherfor domestic use, the market, or exliibition, written by L. Wright. It is a nicely got-up portable volume, with a number of good illustra tions and plans. Messrs. Longman and Co. announce that they are about to publish, in two volumes, the 'Memoirs and Correspondence of Sir Philip Francis, commenced by the late Joseph Parkes, Esq., and now under the editorship of Mr. Herman Merivale. Mr. Parkes col lected a very large m.tss of original papers and correspondence connected with Francis. The arrangement of these materials, and the completion of a life founded on them, became an engrossing occupation with Air. Parkes. He left behind him eight chapters of his work completed, conducting his hero only to the year 1768, in which the first letter of Junius appeared. At that point his labors were terminated by death. But the scale of his work was too large ; so that Mr. Merivale has contented himself withcomnlefciii'r the lifi» on :ir-»rlur;f--l iJan. leaving Sir Philip Francis to speak, for himself, and the Junian portion of the subject to unfold itself in extracts from the M.SS. The first stone of the Royal Albert HalJ of A_rts and Sciences was laid by Her Majesty the Queen on tho 20th May, the Prince of Wales and the Duko of Edinburgh having arrived express from Paris to take part in the ceremony. It is not easy to say what the hall is intended for, the intention being indifferently said to be ' to provide a common centre of union for the various departments of science and art connected with industrial education.' At Kensington one of the most sensible reports of the proceedings appears in a new comic paper, the To- naJiaick, which makes the Prince of Wales to say — ' I don't know what this place is to bo ; I believe a sort of West end Music Hall. I've been obliged to take a private box. I wish some one would take it off my hands. I sliall ask Lucca to come and sing here, and Arthur Lloyd too — that will be rather jolly. I hope my box is on the pit tier. I suppose I must say something abejut this siu.pi'4 place. It hi*s heon got up by puffing and gentle pressure. Lots of fellows liavo taken boxes because they were afraid of offending my mother. They wish they had not done it. I sup pose Cole will give lectures here and charge a guinea for tickets. I hope I shan't have to come and hear him. There will be a nice staff of curators, superin tendents, box-keepers, check-takers, &c.;, all well paid. If we say it's all in memory of my father, Parliament will be obliged to vote the money. I shall try and get some of my friends places. I always have to say in my speeches that I want to walk in my father's footsteps ; but I don't. I think you may praise a man too much, even when he's dead. It makes people tired of him.' There is truth as well as satire in this. Messrs. Moxon & Co. will publish next Christmas season, uni form with ' Elaine,' imp. 4to., ' Vivien and Guinevere,' by Tennyson, illustrated by 18 superb engravings on steel, from drawings by Gustave Dore. Messrs. Longman & Co. will issue at the same time the second series of ' Lyra Germa nica,' illustaated by Armitage, Madox, Brown, and John Leighton. They are about to publish a new volume by Jean Ingelow, ' A Story of Doom,' and other poems. Messrs. Moxon & Co. have just issued ' Tupper's Third Series of Prover bial Philosophy.' His opinions about creeds, and stars, and ghosts ; his argu gument for the future of animals ; his strictures on some modern critics ; his national psalms and hymns, &c.; 