j GnAFTER XXVI. BOMB ONE SEES TIIB JIOllDEHED MAN'S OTIOST. It waa noir, BB ho well know, about seven miles to Mononhntesuo Point, on tho old Welch bcaoh, whet o tho boat lay waiting for bim, but the dawn was coming on cruelly fust, and he, in «pito of all his hopo and de- termination, was rapidly growing weak and faint. What a sight the great light revealed ! Flying like a spootre, along the wooded road, a small, Blight man, without bator shoes, Iiis drenched shirt dinging to his body, showing the sharp Dhoulder-blades and ribs, that stood out OH if he was a living skeleton. The bare, torn feet were bleeding at overy step, the black matted carls closely bugged his baro head, and the pale, sallow face, whtrotbe chook bones stood out, and tho hollow, lurid uyes sunk in, was a frightful thing to soo, for blood waB gushing out of his nostrils and oats as ho ran, drip- ping on his beard and shirt, till he Boemed like the ghost of a murdered man rising from bia grave. Not- withstanding all bis eflorts, every stop grew slowernnd slower. Ho tottered »nd swnjed from side to sine, but still strove to run, geeing, with despairing cye3, how lust the »un was coming to tho horizon now. Would not God bold it back for a fow precious moments? Toe sun was already up ns ho carno abreast Poker Rook. Ho had been tte ermined nat to look that way, yet eomnthiugstroneer than bimBelf mado him stagger und stop. ''hero was tba gray old rock, with the deft wheic the murdered man bad been hiddenuwu>. Ile stood routed to tho s,-ot, his blood curdling with horror, wbilo thoso last preoiout moments woro fleeing away. Ho felt with an anguish of despair, that ho could not rtir. Ile fl mg bis bands up to his head, and o enched them tight in lils hair '. Oh, God I ob, God 1'' bu shrieked and tho shriek thrilled out shnrply through that oold, pitiless dawn and pouring rain. ' What was that ? An eoho of his own tortured voioo ? He turned ; a hoy going for his cows had seen him, and bolievluir it tho ghuat of the murdered mun, tied screaming back up thu pith he came. The sight and the sound broko the spell that wan nnmbing St. O jr, and ho turned into tho path by [ Daw/ Brook, ahaddiring «a he thought of the last tima ha want that way. He-was no longer running that was impossible. He reola 1 and sjaggered and fell, rose and reeling, dragged himBtlf on sg»in. How he reached Jlononhntosgo l'oint he never knew, bat he did reaoh it at last, and stood staring, with oyes struting out of their sockets, for the boat that was to take aim off. Up and down the whole loDgth of the beaob, on either side, there was net a boat uf any sort to be seen He put bis hands up to his eyes and stared. There, was-ye?, ha knew ber by her sail-thore wa' the Venture just moving up to her wharf nt tko island. He was just a few moment) too late. She had stood otf and on the shore till long past daylight, and then, despairing of his Eticcess, bad gone slowly hack io her wharf. At. that moment, Asa was tri ¡og to comfort Amber on the whirl, little thinking that only nbunt a mile away stojd hor father, on the beaob, cursing himself and his fate, and longing, with unutterable longing, to sro his ohild once more. Ho turned anti lojkeJ if, happily, a boat kept on the ?hors by some fishermen might bo found, in «Inch he could yet escape ; but no, tho benah was quite bare. .Swimming was not to be thought of in his e:tutus!ed condition; he would sink before he got six rods from the shore. The point was a long, low, taro finger of lund running out into the bay. continually wsBhed by the waves on either Bide. There was not a orovioo where a bare could Lide. He dragged himself along the Point to when it joined the mainland. Here, in tbe nbrupt bend of tbs shore, wa? a low, thick fringe of b-'acb plum busbe», mid losg, thin poverty gross, mixed with she'ls, pebbles, seaweed, and bits of drift.wool, which the higo spring tides bad forced up the face of the sloping beach, making a hw ridge or furrow ia front of tho bushes. Hero, behind a lo,» of dri't.ivood, embed lcd in the sand, and under the bushes, he dropped down, as completely hiddea RS if be bad been in his grave, and from sheer oxhuastion, fell into a heavy, dreamless Bleep. (TO BE COHTISOHD.) 