TO, TOtimn, and Humour. We are more apt to use spectacles to behold other men's faults than looking- glasses to behold our own. "No man can do anything against his will,"' said a metaphysician. "Faith," replied Fat, "I had a brother who went to Botany Bay against his will." People who brood over their sorrows arc usually successful in hatchiug a numerous family; aud those who " nurse their rage to keep it warm'' are sure of a comfortable temperature of indignation. " Would you not, Sir, start, as Mr Ciarrick does, if you saw a gliost ?" said Jemmy Boswell to Samuel Johuson. " I hope not," replied Johnson; " if I did, I should frighten the ghost." "I think you must allow," said a pom pous gentleman, "that my jests are very fair." "Sir, your jests are like yourself, " was the quick retort: " theirage renders them respectable." A youth in the city, who had by a fall broken one of his ribB, was asked by the surgeon who attended, if the injury he sustained was near the vertebra—"No, Sir," replied he, "it was within a few yards of the monument." A horticulturist advertised that he would supply all sort of fruit-trees and plants, es pecially pie-plants of all kinds. A gentleman there upon sent him an order for one package of custard pie seed, and a dozen mince-pie plants. The gentle man promptly filled the order by sending him four goose eggs and a small dog. "Doctor," said aJsomewliat ta'kative , lady to her physician, who was not too remarkable for gallantry, " a writer in a medical journal says women are more liable to take cold than men. is this so?" "Can't say, ma'am," was the brusque reply, "but the only way to avoid taking cold under j certain circumstances is to kerb the mouth | A journalist gives the following simile | in his fcuiUelon:—"A doctor who gets ill is as I ridiculous a person in my eyes as a railway clerk j at a station who misses the train, and, to continue I the allegory, upon the railway ef life, death is to 1 he compared to running oil" the rails, marriage to the shock of two trains, sleep the passing under a i tunnel, fate the engineer, who is never seen, ami conducts us as quickly as ho pleases to our final station." The author is an old buft'er. Didn't Like Widowers.—In endea vouring to take the census for the Government, the officers occasionally met with such difficulties as to well-nigh deprive them of their senses. Tiie following colloquy is said to have taken place somewhere between an official and an Irish i woman:—"How many male members have you in the family?" "Niver a one." " When were you married?" "The day Fat Doyle left Tip pcrary for Amcriky. Ah. well I tuiud it. A sun shinier day never gilded the sky of ould Ireland." " What was the condition of your husband hefore marriage?" "Divil a mau more miserable. He said if 1 didn't give him a promise within two weeks he'd blow his brains out with a crowbar." " Was he, at the time of your marriage, a widower or a bachelor?" * A which? A widower, did you say. Ah, now go away with your nousense. Is it the likes of me that would take up with a second hand husband ? Do I look now like the wife of a widower? A poor divil. all legs and consumption, like a sick turkey! A widower! May 1 be blessed if I'd not rather five an ould maid. a:ul bring up a family ou liuUemiHk and prat es'" 