ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES. &c.; " Give me leave , To speak my mind."—Shakspeaee. If you have ever been in the British Musrum you will have seen the Egyptian and Assyrian sculptures, and if y(m haw never read anything about the history of art, you .will have^ wondered most probably how the scuJptore of those remote periods, having i models as perfect as those from which the Greeks modelled their statues, should never hum™ „ayB- Cl!18ell'd tbeIr ^8" unlike ) r .°rig,na 9- But if you ha™ studied Si,! 8rt' yoU wm not 80 have J™'f0c y?" wi» have borne in-mind that the canons of art four thousand years i ago were absolute and inflexible, and that' solictors were not then permitted, under pain of deatjb to deviate one hair's breadth from the mode laid down for their guidance by the j hierarchical lawmakers and law administrators of those days. There is no doubt that the dramatic art, such as it may have been, acknowledged an equally imperative f, .. unrea8oning code of rules, and xt it were possible to look back through the long vista of forty centuries aud' become aa familiar with Egyptian actors' work I as we are with that of Egyptian sculptors, we should most likely find a remarkable correspondence between the two in respect of I their being both characterized by qualities due to the observance of irrational principles and technical methods. If the newspapers, which I some people insist existed in those remote times, could have been transmitted down to ! this present age, we should no doubt have i found a delightful consistency in the current commentaries of the critics who- supposing them to have existed, and why Bhould we not so suppose?—must have been under the obligation of practically acknowledging the duty of praising, without stint, the tragedians who pursued their vocation on the banks of the Nile. But in these modern, and as some persons designate them, degenerate times, the democratic spirit is so strongly predominant, that neither art nor criticism of the true sort permits itself to be the subject of arbitrary control, but obeys only such indications as reason and common sense supply, tfeverthe less, as there is both art and criticism not of the true kind, we have a sort of reproduction of the old Egyptian system, aud bo it comes to pass that much indifferent acting receives a great deal of praise to which it is not entitled. The mode in which this result is brought about is, however, somewhat different from that employed in the time of the Pharaohs; for now the arbitrary and irrational methods are prescribed by those who are themselves to observe them, and a good deal of the criticism and opinion seems to be only an echo of the opinions entertained by actors of themselves. Self-assertion in the material form of large posters, has a good deal to do in enforcing and multiplying these opinions. For when you see a man's name on the wall in letters as long as youreelfj you can hardly help being im pressed by the announcement of his greatness, the more especially if you read at the same time a large sheet of dosely-printed matter, consisting of very laudatory notices of the wonderful things the morally-announced star has aforetime accomplished. And if you take into consideration that a large theatre may be filled by persons strongly impressed in this way, and prepared to make the most extrava gant demonstrations the moment the murally announced makes his appearance on the stage, and to repeat the demonstrations at irregular intervals all through the evening, you can un derstand probably how some great reputations and some great successes may be brought about.. It is useless to deny that opinion is much oftener the result either of an indolent acquiescence in the sentiments of those who really think for themselves, or of concurrence in a momentary impulse—joining in a panic in feet than of deliberate conviction. It is quite the exception to find men with the courage of their, opinions, and hence, if the majority in .a crowded pit and gallery emphati cally and noisily proclaim the perfectly satisfac tory nature of what tbey see and hear upon the ataee. there are not generally many men in such an audience who would boldly announce their dissent from the current Toioe, and those who do se are' generally told, with more or less of&nsiveness;, thah.are, prejudiced, that, they havepriynte motives of.dUaUke^ that they are incapable «f judging, that the majority of opinion is against them, andthat.being in a minority, ttmyarfe neoessarify wrong. Hence you perceive that this partisan' clamour aids very considerably theeflfect of (he large posters, the carefully selected criticisms, and that cutiousand amusing fanfaronade-tort of an nouhoement^ ; w!poh is to be found in the ordinary j^rerfcuements of (he day. adopt these modes of influencing public npinion as the result of a matured nofruaintauioe vrith the impressionability4-npt toaayweakness*^of $he puhliomind. They telL mi that thenbly my^ldlthrirjheabes istoaesdethoseout aidew itoMlmiti£ iritidntiranaoendB every " ftMgKJlN!, Kl tingnishad-hy a pffcfcot recklesensssofouUsy in the preparation, As a matier of builfcess, perhaps the msnogeware right ; as amatterof abstract principle their policy may bo questioned 5 sod as t matter of fact, in the investigation of which common sense is very properly employed, these assurances are very often found to be more than doubtful, Perhaps nobody wonld he disposed to inquire too closely either into the Mnotireea or the manner of managerial enterprise, iTit were permitted t6 those who are indisposed tb express an unqualified coincidence with the prevailing opinion thereon, to think andexpraar > themselves differently according to their judgment. But here the old Egyptian [ absolutism interposes, and declares, if not in hierarchical edict, yet in terms equally, significant, that the popular voice, however influenced or however obtained, is right, and; that the voice of the adverse minority is wrong. So that if it 'should be said that the Hamlet of Mr. James Anderson, who appeared before an Australian audience for the first time on Saturday night last, is not such a Hamlet as cultivated and Shakspeare-imbned minds can approve of, there will no doubt be evoked forthwith much angry remonstrance and reproach. And yet it is undoubtedly tVue that such is the case. It is equally tf ue that the audience—or at least eight-tenths of it has "stamped him the first tragedian of the age." But indeed if stamping is to be taken as conclusive evidence of an actor's popularity, Mr. Anderson is pre- eminent. Nevertheless, after all the stamping, and denouncing, and vapouring of this gentleman's presumed admirers, there is a prevalent impression among thinking persons that his , though a very careful performance, judged ; according to an entirely mistaken estimated >'■ the character, is quite remote from thatwhibhan ' altogether abstract consideration of its attributes would suggest. Of the ideal nobody expects to witness a complete realisa tion ; it would be almost unreasonable to look for such a virtual impossibility. All the ; powers of histrionic art, aided by all the ac cessories of stage-embellishment, might foil to furnish an exact reflex of the picture that most of us have, with the mind's eye, seen after oare fully reading and digesting the play of " Hamlet." But it is not unreasonable to look foras near an approach to an embodiment as the resources of the art permit, and this, in common with a great many other actors who have attempted Hamlet, Mr. Anderson does not succeed in presenting. His is the conven tional stage-Hamlet, made np of traditional points, which, thongh they may commend themselves most favourably to your average playgoer, who likes showy and superficial qualities however unmeaning these may be, do not and cannot satisfy the craving in Shakspearian minds foraShakspearian Hiunlet. With respect to the perform&nhe; of the other characters in this tragedy on Saturday and two succeeding nights, it may be remarked that the King was interesting in being exactly all that a king ought not to be j that the Horatio was altogether uninteresting for a «imiiw reason of non-resemblance to a royal princes friend 5 that Mr. Heir's Ghost was in truth a ghost—of what it used to be; and that most of the lesser lights were so little luminous as to shine in a dull, blinking fashion. 0n the other hand, Mrs. Heir's Queen reminded you somewhat of how she used to act in agone; Mr. Coppin's Poloniuu was a fine genial old gentleman you could not help bob admire, and whose fate yon greatly deplored $ and Mr. Gill's Gravedigger was nnRpojfod by any attempt to force it into nnrnw^my conspicuousness. Hie Ophelia of Win gt. Denis was exceedingly unequal. Here and there were glimpses of excellence that you wonder why all the rest oould not be mHe to correspond; but in the it was unsatisfactory. It principally lacked and gentleness. You could not foil to perceive the intelligence that «w»>ln»d it all through, but you could not also foil to perceive theabsenoeof that self-control which enables an actress of naturally impulsive—perhaps impetuous—qualities, to subordinate her instincts to the necessities of the character die sustains. It may be doubted if Miss at. Denis will ever so for discipline her , powers <m entirely to grasp this character; hufcitisnofc beyond the gauge of expeotetionthat «be may ipiprove a good deal upon her pr#seot mode of dealing with it. It is only due tQ her to ssy that she was. exquisitely dressed, in good t&ete;, and aooordingtoauch rexpote chronological period as may, without beia& strictly accurate, be ri,any rate not inoppg ruoasly associated trith thecl^eaoter. .Qa^ttfoeadiy jffr. Aniereoa appeared aaQfaPo, w£wh fite htm. a.good deal" better, jmim Hamlet, ' and particular pientionv^;4 ^iluph is reserved till' nex£ week. ■. j Pending ^arrival of Mr. Montgomery, fmirt oaWednesdaj.and owi«OTa(mt of the ^ojelhare prpdooed Mpre ««o. , ©wte is a murdery; afir^ ^ Head^cj" a Wegeaph-offioe, apd a ^fiypa. £ba», laadjng jhwddonta pwbridr skeleton framework of Mr.Potw' Ail $he rest,, paa filled *|pu l{i^ni t»»ina the effiaots erowStito ' vj' , ' T.~ "• Irffwrfi-' po0t4m^»i ^rtiot^japiBniep; tiwiWMpi.... ihewomtofriiois hghtmodiflo^Wdtt o filil WfriW[«rte«i: [«ty brJ&MfM; Mr. Bar fc'«H en uiul; ever apenece ■7 difcdty ib tk i«tUi of title. He hat, bo dssbt, ila^f t 1nge sod of & at natuhl ob head, vkid be BiiirdLig to lunisatiuuu or to order. The* bos hap pened of (ate is g«gfaa»«i to be a good deal of toat ixdkh nr lists i w r oc tbe pert of the «cark isg dun kawo as strikes, ssia it eiinn » mte tfas^ar a dramatist to eatefa a pawling Ofipxtuatj sod improve upon it, Mr. Bjoe eutt bea proceeded to esteb sod improve twwiii^y. Bet jsar damtr, bicaderce, woold have takes perns to gather all bk materials feesh far the nirrvsvei ; pesfaapt be meld bate goae to Kadatoroe purpose to get altbesrtkbs qarte pwiw sad characterise^ sad tooogfa be might to da war (are made his pley a more axSbezatie pietsre ef tbeepirodes s apiaiiU, it is rery Ekdj it vrooid sot (are beta oeeHy ao dEectire. Bat Mr. Booosb taoao that some of tbe most e&ecfre; poestsiB tbe Boden dnaa are aceosip&feed; raiber fey artifice tiaa art, sad his keg etuaieaee sad fwyi't sinilis bare wtiSmml bm in. the befief. Hence, ae I bare mrggesterij be ssfe isdinalis plot, eiiaiBtrij aad toabgee to sBtoaiino, aad by this means often sexntbe attention that reaDy great weeks ef di wide stmddaat ottra. Aiad be baa tfeas bag bees looked cpoc as toe gteaieal ih—dif | vnksr at toe day. By inaimgeis of theatres | be is detadf » regarded, sod they compete \ among each other as to who rfsall possess tone ! woaka, which toe xext grnnaiiin wS rrgai iT ! witowendosxtg esxknty.aad by to dasos vbecda by toeir aaeieat atria limxa Sa tbey serve we£ enoogh the pcrpose a£ the tfw cadtas it is, aad toey oetec wesrr job. vbito is ibdf a grab tecmi',[wasbtiuLi la "Tbe Long Stribe," for naarpte, jes emmal a bferest iS toe [■" ■ Yob bare, to be eare^ sees almost evacytoasg to it Uor, either ia sdfaeot shape ae cs toe ■at Ju^ but there k jast e»rf« sa aawuiit at RsasgacEt as gives c toe air at lesaas; aad toe gkas ef j to mod, lock Bee sa ekduaij see aad original pby. Use stey k eai iiliaBr ef toe mod rtsmbte bsd. A tator k dsns ef I vbkb toe wreeg rosa k sesased, k tried, aad k spoa toe |s.sn t ef bag eaodemad to daft, vka, eater k greet bate e iudtsidnel toosBsa to sa afife" and tfinat k alL Has k toe peto of toe ^bt. Asa rarer goes mad, ferae paetkakr remee. toat caa be dkesvered, cxrept that it varies toe bass aurocabat. Bat toe tfrfer, eah toe title wooid afaarat bad yx to wspyrw fenas toe hadajg sbms ..t ef toe afaoie, bes cuatpaiatiiriy ittk to da toe actios, aS ef ekift Bat with | i 11 s mgV. aad nabedj seed a Iwidik strike, a YaKtka uispiry, or a Be that k kasomi wish toe Aad toat toe aetiag k good, let k i say that Mr. Tiaseet ptoi toe kero Tiaeeat toe faeetose ids'irslh ; toat M>. Stewmt pbyv a& Jrito mdor reeiy aad withal catmndy aatmBy ; toat Mr. Ltabst, as a kaadot attorney, phji aa sxdy pby; toat Mr. Tdft, polks man, k emiwutfy toat Mr. Bellair, as a naughty gentleman of tbe period, deports himself with characteristic accuracy. The numerous smaller parts are moreover, verycarefully done, especially the two barristers in thetrial scene, by Messiurs Humpbreys and Monro, two gentlemen who, it is understood, made their first essay on the stage in this piece. The scenery, that is such portions of k as are sew, k eieefleat. Tbe street is Maaebesterk a roost hnthfal picture; tbe view of Manchester in tbe distance, with the beroiBg aaffl m toe widdh dikaiwr, I aantgngtosad dfeetire; aod toe eoart! scene is more like whet it professes to be, than aaythmg of toe indsre bare had ia tide dty | for along time.. lhe Pwpctas'a, wiach opened with toe < paay from fee Tb rotes Cosmqaeoa bhuisy | aigfat, rilroatiil kaeif wkfa that oat efbvt, ■ad was thud am Monday; and ftelbabe i dsmiqee—from syBtpatoypeoiaMy—doaed at ffto fKOmnaofncBooety gave toe aeeood ackcfft of toe aeseoo « Tuesday aigfat, ' Getsgto - bdL The progyau miewtonroos asiekion, aad «r,«s to<y cbodae to ton % !0uuf of ^AtoaGe.*: Mka and IGaa Faopy 'toii- bdy pioaptoh aad jpf. tbew aeqobted 