THE SKELKTON IN THE CLOSET. ' tr,omAiKI,cUarm«na., ' ,,f our circle lost money in me panic I''' K Z\ TJlr m-'. U Put «ff Emmy's wed fr'S ,Sto' « f«-- ?'»?? « hen I thought « ' - in milf il( W» «' ''? »«'' 'I IIIC ; El^ side of it Our Lcndm. r-labl»l.m. ut Ea- finally broken up. and -'fl-=r *'''-' »'q«'-y E?s cheap neighbourhood where Buud c, uca K u« 10 be bail f'-r ''ovs, «c travelled down R' Shropshire, and .bought our.ehc* fallen Kite in luck1, way »»'' »??= {oulld Ash Grange, Rlnvhnuseirrahage g-rdon n0 en uvjn Mt,.- walk from the Grammar school, to ltt for Ee very moderate rental uf ibirly pounds. ? The easv adaptability of common human ?Lturc to'altcrul circumstances is wonderful Kd merciful! Hito was my John, who had Elrd ftud moiled from youth to grey bairs to git Kb honestly, who lia.l contemplate! withdraw. K, from buiiini-Bs with his Icim of thousands, Ed had retired with a few hunJreds snatched Et of the fire, looking, after a month of country Efe healthier and happier ttiau I had seen him Eik for year*. The worst was come, mid we Ere not utterly beggars ; we had suffered ship Breik, but we had got safe to lnnd ; we had Ejtan immense fortune, but we bad not lost BtkrgClOr. HOI U«1UOCU mo a iitaa vt- wwi.w ?» , rt ^ ?id come down to our primitive condition of Ether tides nor poverty, and I think I liked Bbetter than the vanity and vexation of spirit Bat had attended our gradual nee and progress ? London society. Emmy was gone, but she Kd taken lu-r heart', desire witli her, and we Kd the three buy. left for our love, care, and ?cupation. They needed no consolation that K-y couH not find for themselves in our Euntid Grange and wilderness garden ; RDd Bough Willie was sorry to leave his masters Kd friends at the Charter House, lie scon liked ?use be found at the grammar school. K with i could make you see the nous* ; it is a ?ry pleasant place. It stands end wuys lo the Kd, and a high wall, enclosing the garden, Kib along it, back an i front, for nearly a bun Kd yards; ash-trees and beech-trees stretch K their branches over the parapet, and making Keligliful shady walk of the pathway of an Kvrnoon. It had been untenanted for se»ertl ?an before we took it, and the owner wa« Kd to put it in sufficient repair to ensure our Kiainmg. ne cming-rooms. on me grouna Kir, were large, but low and rather gloomy ! K: smaller wire fitted up as our dining-parlour, K the other we abandoned to the boys, to be Kir carpenter's shop and private snuggery. B drawing-room I made up-staire, as lar as Ksible out of hearing of their sawing and hatn Kring, and a little cloeet opening from it, and Bending over the porch, Jobn lined with Kites, and dignified with the title of book Erf our quarters x need say no more. The KW den is the most spacious apartment in the Kse, and had always been used as the princi Hapartment until we eutered on possession. Me wall bad been once coloured of a pinky hue. K the panntle moulded with gilding. The By, narrow mantelshelf— supported on carved Kyters, was coloured like the wall, which, ou B left, extending to the back of the room— was Bh with it, and on the right, extending to the Bdowa, fell into a deep recess. The windows ?ted into llie gardens ; the door opened into ? hall, which was divided in the middle with Breen to exclude draughts. Bhe landlord was agreeably surprised nt our ?ding him not re-paper this room ; buthewss Khe same lime astonished 1 did not prefer it ?my parlour. And we were equally aston Bd at bis inquiry if I was deterred from pre Kngit because it had sot 8 bad name in tiie B-1 traditions ns being Jiaunted. We had not K*dof its bad name.und naturally begged for ex: Hatioo. He told usthat thelait occupanU were Biverworked London clergyman and his wife. Hit to accommodate them during a long suro B, he had furnished this room and two others; Bt the lady was comfortable and contented, ?that her husband, who was out of health, B a fixed idea into his mind that a female Blow, which was not liis wife'i, constantly ?faded the room. He was most sensitive to BVesenceat morning and evening prayers. Bra, at other times, when reading a book or Bng meditatitely into the fire of nights, he. Bit beside him : but when he bent his eyes Httscera it clearly, it was gone. ' By degrees, He recovered lib strength and mental tone, Btpectral visitant came less frequently, and Bjre he returned to . his town duties in Qcto Hit bad quite ceased to trouble/him, and he Bteofit himself as an hallucination arising Hi a distressed brain. In popular parlance, ?ever, it had became a ghost, and the Grange Bunted house. Bhe boys heard the story, and only liked Bt den the better for it. For my part, I pray H) I may never come into that state of mind ?body when I shall imagine myself a ghost B- For some weeks alter they had made a Bel of the empty room, I expected tales of ?derand imagination to be brought to my ? ; but nooe were brought save of no ?boards, BOtlielveB, no anything bnt the floor ?Which to deposit thi-ir precious belongings, ?i lather gave them a shabby escritoire Boh he had bought for an old song at a sale ?be town, and a Pembroke tabletrilh drawers, ?Will they were not satisfied , and Willie, BjniorninR, impatiently jitrntfc the wall by the ?Race, wishing that werejpnpboards. Most Bkpeotedly, It save backaiNUowwitiod, and ?ething like plaster rattled dbfe-wlthin. Ht ?ok again; be listened; hts brothers listened; ?rail (truck, and they all listened ; and they ?ft aure the wall was hollow ;. that there was ?cess to correspond with that on the other ? of the fireplace, which was only boarded up ? canvassed. I?'* SWV.-* « '.'Winy. They ?h iiwuib ueiuiv inem xor investigation ana ?chief, and they set to work ; carefully, at ?V and near the floor, but eoon with greater ?lnets. They cut out a section In the canvas, ?discovered that it was not plain joiner's) ?k behind, bat panelling, like the rest of the ?n. They ripped away the oaovass from be ? the .PJUtter «f the chimney, and espied ?j^ chinks— unmistakable evidences of a ?f^ i' the wainjeat 'large enough to ap ?-e their moat exorbitant longings for H^room. They liraevered in anite qf B«'nB dast and falling pastor, ignorant ? landlord's chums- for ^dilapidation and ?tn^r lather's displeasure, and by soon ?y had- completely laid open -the -hidden ?board -doore, -and W3tie had come to jdb for ?e keys. I asked him what he wanted keys Bt Hetold m#about*bB closet— such a large ?Wontianatears were roused, and t went at m. Bubbish, indeed 1 The flior «ri« littered ?b torn canvas, aud the air thick1 with the mierj dost of the wall-colouring. An old ?rvomaa, Bridget Johnes, whom- we occa ?wly employed in the honse/had preceded ? on the boys' petition, to help them to re ?re the rnioB, and there sbe stood agape, ?logon her broom, and crying, 'Bless her ? if there was not Madame Stephanie's closit Bui !' The boys eyed me a little anxiously ? remarked that I did not know what their ?er and Mr. Baxter, the landlord, might «»y, ? Willie began all tbe aarne to try the keys. ? key in common u«e for most of the other ?boardi fitted tliis lock ; he turned it, and ?i a wrench pulled open one leaf of the door .- B, ?» he pulled, out fell, with dry, light, ?hog rattle, a skeleton with a mass of Uttered ?urlesa clntbing still enveloping it. ?»e rarious investigator sprang fast enough ?ol the way. I cannot tell what any of' as ? or said, but the iirst words f understood ?W from thn month of Bridget Johnes. She ?stepped across the floor, and was stooping ?famine a ring that hong on one finger of K Jk™** skeleton hand. ?? It is poor ?% selle Euse,' said she t ' they told us she'd ?- borne to France.' ?sent one of the boy* instantly to bring Mr. met s and, before he came, their father was ?the i soene. The discovery was something Be than a nine days' wonder. . There was t fcj inquiry before the magistrates, and much ?»g«pofold memories, which ended ii the Put burial of the bones in the churchyard, bin to* addition of a mysterious tragedy to tlieloci.lann:ii-. iv,ill t^ 11 the story bridli ^'-i-- -.;!;? ;,,,,t ii. »|..rcls ami ,,alchcs as'il liv aut^'m -'v vnl 'l'itr lhu destination ,., r,1; ''jMtumn of 1789, during the earliest u-h of 1m,.|,c1i cmiariiita to England away from the 1 a: is in.,b whioh had just drawn the first b ,,,,,i of revolution :lt the slonuingof the lias till, there c.-.inc..vcr two Indies of rank, sisters, middle-agcrl, and Bing!e. Two sen-auts accom! paim-d them-a man and a woman. The foor w..;re receive.! by a U-ith.Jic family in .Stafford ebir,., ami .uttnain. dfor teveral mouths, in (lie li'.pe and expectation that they would .soon l)0 able to return safely to France. But as tliines tlicre went from bad to worse, and the hospi tality of their host wearied, the ladies emmlit a . h-.u?o lor thcn1Selv-B. Travelling towards Wales as a district where they niigbtlive cheaply aud obscurely, until ilic return o£ better days they lighted on Ash Grange, which the owner and occupier had vacated l.ul nfew weeks beft-re fur a narrow lodging in the chancel of tbe church. The l.cir was Mr Marsh, a young gentlemen of aristocratic sym|iathiesaud con siderable wealth, who resided at Gt-llert's G.ii. a beautiful estate, about three miles distant. Jie offered thel-ronch strangers the use of the Grange, furnklicd just as it stood, and they ac cept^-d it as generously as it was offered. The ladies presently became known to the neighbourhood as Madame Stephanie aud Madame Rose le Pcri.-r, the last supposed to be a name assumed in lieu of one of higher dis tinction. The mnn-scrvn.i:t was Monsieur Kigault, tbe woman, Madame Bette. Superior servants they evidently were ; but, in casting in their lot with the mistresses whom they had followed in their tristc exile, they had left behind them all selfish remembrances of past estate, and ishared, with cheerfulness, the pri vations of their poverty. Aud they were veiy poor. The secrets of tlwir household could not be kept in that little i-lle place, though they took no service from without to cany gossip abroad ; for the small shopkeepers knew every penny of their expenditure, and Monsieur Kigault, who catered for them, Frenchman, »uu ingenious r reuenmati as lie was, often be trayed to their shrewd inquisitiveness the dif ficulty he had in making up the materials of the dinners Iip cooked. The ladies were rarely seen bryond the pre cincts of their home, and the only person they admitted within their doors was Mr March, who waa'a Catholic like themselves, and a priest, who came over from Shrewsbury to visit them, at stated.intervals. To Shrewsbury they also went to attend the services of their church on great festivaldays ; and once, when they re mained absent more than a week, they were said to have gone to meet some fellow- emigrants of royal rank at Alton Towers, the seat, nf the great Papist Earl of Shrewsbury. Madame Stephanie wan a person of grandiose air— not beautiful at all, but of a moBt magnificent stateliuess, like a woman bred in courts, and used to think of nobility as the highest grace of God. Madame Hose was less imposing than her sister, but more pleasing, and several yearn younger. Madame Stephanie was growing grey and wrinkled ; Madame Rose had still so much of the bloom of youth as may remain with a handsome brunette of five and-thirty. During the second autumn of their residence at Ash Grange, Monsieur Rigault made a journey to France. News that the Tuileries had been sacked, the Swiss Guard slaughtered, and the king and his family imprisoned in the Temple, had reached England before he started, and the terrible massacres of September were reported immediately after. Next came a rumour that the king was to be put upon his trial before the National Convention, then in telligence that his head had fallen on the block, then of tbe beginning of the Terror. While Monsieur Rigault was away,. Madame Stephanie made his little household purchases in the town. People thus grew, familiar with her grandeur, ana very haggard and wan her grandeur was— infinitely more piteous than hu mility. Yet it was impossible to feel sympathy with her. Monsieur Rigault bad won real ltkine and respect amongst the shopkeepers, but Madame Stephanie treated the simple folks with that haughty rigour which French writers tell jjB.wajLtjhe Jiwait .jifafche great in Ftane§-4u the JferoftttoYS 'BBore ?Hie'terrible blood-letting of the Revolution. i,a Bruyere. the court philo sopher and moralist of Louis the Fourteenth's reign, Buys it was to him a thing always new the ferocity with which men treated other men. He «aw certain wild animals, male and female, .scattered over the fields, black, livid, all burnt with the sun, bound to tbe soil which they ploughed and harrowed with invincible obstin acy ; they had an articulate voice, and when they rose upon theirieet they showed a human face, and, indeed, they were men. At night they retired into their lain, whevethey lived on black bread, water, and roots ; they saved other men the toil of ao wing and reaping, but themselves lacked, even to hunger, the bread they produced. Madame Stephanie le Perier, in the cold inhuman pride of her' character, showed the latest development of the nnble development of the noble races that had lived for ages by the bitter labour of such degraded serfs ; and now tbe Bcum of their long perdi tion had seethed to the surface of society, and society was dying by wholesale of the poisonous miasma. In the early spring. Monsieur Rigaiilt was back at the Grange, but for a few days only, and then he disappeared again. It' was winter, settled and coin], before he once more presented himself in the accustomed shops with bis thrifty basket He was then full of sorrow. His lean resolute face ran down with tears when the shopkeepers asked him tbe truth of those awful scenes in Paris which their newspaper feebly depicted, but of which he had been an eyewit ness, disguised, - and in peril of his life. The details, in his broken English, were very often grotesque, but they were pathetic too. This tdmehehadnotretumedalone. He had brought with .him a young girl whose father .and mother bad faithfully adhered to the unfortunate royal family, and perished in October, only a few days in advance of the queen. This girl was the Mam'selle Elise, and the niece oi Madam* Stephanie and Madame Bose. Mam'selle Elise.was not more than seven or eight years old when she came to Ash' Grange. She was ? dark-haired, handsome child, very imperious, wilful, and passionate, whose bursts of fury Madame. Stephanie severely controlled by imprisonment in the great cupboard of her salon ; so, at least, the. tale went in the town, wh.gre.tbe little princess was often sees dancing along with Monsieur Pjgjnlfc, who adored her, and where she was much noticed for herVeauty, her singularly, and tragical orphanhood. -She had no play-fellows but her griefagedjdns wpmen and their servant*. — 1\ tVi 'HJBflnT SS^i^SC^e^atSio^Sa^ At fifteen she was notoriously wild, unruly, and fierce ; and'wben her wishes were contra dicted she would threaten to stab herself, drown herself, poison herself -anything to be avenged on her guardians. She was sent to a convent in Warwickshire to receive education and dis cipline ; but after the lapse of a year she came home to the Grange no milder than she went She must have been as much out of her place in a convent as a' hawk in a dovecot1; -for restraint was intolerable to her, and she had no leligious vocation whatever. From this period Mam'selle due assumed to herself considerable freedom, perhaps license of conduct, and she aud Madame Stephanie were openly at feud. The young lady detested the poverty and narrowness ot her life ; the elder abominated her niece's condescensions to gain a little society. She had struck up an intimacy with a family near the Grange, who were of no rank and of no reputation. They had grown rich on the troubles of the times, and the sons, half-educated, dissolute, handsome young men, were tnnUng haste to squander their fortunes by aping the luxuries ami extravagances of the squirearchy. It was presently whispered in the town that Mam'selle Elise had an intrigue with the eldest son, and it came to the ears of Mon sieur Rigault that a girl who had lately been admitted into the housk to help Madame Bette, acted as their go-between. This girl was Bridget Johoes. That day, or the next, Bridget Johnes received her discharge, and being quit of her scruples with her service, she opeued her mouth and told astounding tales of the quarrels between Madame Stephaine and Mam1 selle Elise ; like she-devils, she said they were —but ah* was sorry for Mam'sfll* Elite too. I'.'nci-riiing tli-; alleged intrigue she was more reticent ; she denied, indeed, that there was any mirigue. Thin exposure took place at the opening of tlieyciir 1802, and about the same time died Mr. March, by whose courtesy the exiles held the Grange rent free. His heir was his sister, v ho was married to a Mr. Baxter, the father and niutlier of the present owner. Tn secure them against disturbance, Mr. March in his will mailc them a gift of the Grange for such time bis they might be pleased to occupy it. If tJicy v.icitnl it, the Baxters were to acquire pos-Kcssmii, but otherwise Madame Stepbaiuo and Jlatlame Ense were at liberty to retain it fur their ji.jnt aud separate lives. The Peace o[ Aidicus opened the continent in the Bjiring, and the Baxters, who were not rich, had great hopes that the French ladies would hurry homo, and leave the Grange to them ; but tin y made no signs of stirring. They had lost all in France— rauk, honour, name, fortune, and kindred— aud were not likely to recover them under the consulate of Napoleon Bona parte, then mounting to the piuacle of power and glory. One fine evening in May, Bridget Johnes, who had gone to be dairymaid at the rectory, had occasion to walk down the glebe pastures that skirt the Grunge garden, aud divide it from the river. A holly -hedge forms the boundary, which is solid and lofty us a walL Mam'selle Elise bad, to Bridget's knowledge, surmounted this barrier many a time to meet her lover and Bridget had kept her council faithfully while she connived at or assisted her evasions. But after this evening she was less secret. She met mam'selle walking by the river alone, and they had some conversation. Mam'selle Elise exhi bited a ring tot with green stones, which she had accepted as a betrothal-ring from her lover, who, she said, wished her to fly with him to Scotland, where tlxy could l-e married without leave of her gimr.ii.-ms. On ceitaiu en-uings subsequent to this, Bridget Johucs fimnd opportunities of going into the pasture.', prompted by curiosity to learn how the elopement scheme went nn. But she met MamWlc Elite no more. Once she saw the lovir piov.lmg about watchfully, who tiild her he ha. I not been able to net a glimpsp of his sweetheart for days. Neither was mr priscd at this, for Madame Stephanie had means of keeping her unruly young kinswoman in durance, which she used without the smallest scruple. If she had retn the ring, and if Mam' selle Elite bad braved her with an avowal of her design tu escape from the Grange in the arms of her plebeian lover, Bridget had no doubt that she was expiating .her iniquity in close confinement— possibly jn her own cham ber, or quite as possibly in the great closet of ine saion, io wnicn narrow seclusion, with tile aid of Madame Bittc, Madame Stephanie had more than once committed her since her return from the convent. Monsieur Rigault had never lost the dis tressed countenance that he had brought back after his last journey to Paris, but at this time he looked more than ever wretched, more than' ever haggard and perplexed. He was silent too. When he entered the shops he had no answer to any bit of news from his friends. If they asked him why he did not go home now that France was at peace, and multitudes of exiles and English flocking over to taste the long- forbidden delights of l'aris, he only shook his head. One day, however, he was seen mounting the Shrewsbury mail coach, and again Madame Stepbaine reappeared in the town, more rigid, haughty, and formal, if possible, than before. Then it begau to be said that Monsieur Rigault had returned to France for good, and that he had taken Mam' selle Elise with him. This was hardly credited at first, for Monsieur Rigault had given no warning of his departure to his humble friends, and had made them no farewell; but it was presently believed and accepted as quite oatu ral that he should have set off thus secretly, if he had to convey away Mam'selle Elise. That Mam'selle Elise should have quietly consented to go was no marvel .except to her lover, who presisted for several weeks in watching for her still about the Grange. Then there flew abroad a rumour, which originated with Bridget Johnes, that the young lady had drowned her ?self or.iad4ieen put away, -and- this rumour presently grew so loud that the rector, who was also a magistrate, felt it is duty to have an 'in- terview with Madame Stephanie. Her explana tion satisfied him. She said that her niece had been conducted back to France, and con signed to the survivors of her mother's family, who had recovered a portion of their property, were in favour with the present government, and had expressed repeatedly a desire to adopt her, before she (Madame Stephanie) could agree to yield up her only brother's only child. She added, that she and her sister were now growing old ; that they bad no portion to give with the petite, and therefore they bad striven with their devotion, and had sent her away from them. She made no allusion to the uow notorious intrigue that had subsisted between Mam'selle Elise and her low-bom lover; but this the rector, who was himself of high Tory principles, perfectly understood and sym pathised with. He would have looked up his own daughter, or have sent her into banish ment, bad she so dared to misconduct herself. Do one doubted the truth of the rector's as surance when he lulled the popular suspicious that had begun to gather round the Grange by publishing Madame Stephanie's explanation. The lover of Msm'selle Elise accepted it like the rest ; but, instead of putting up with her removal as an inexorable separation, he formed a sudden resolve to go across to France in search of her. Of course neither Madame Stephanie nor the rector, who felt with her on this matter of plebeian lovers, would vouchsafe him any clue to the whereabouts of either the young lady or her attendant, Monsieur Bigault He, however, set out at the end of September or the beginning of October, and his journey, with the quest in view, was long after talked about as a romance of affection. For several months nothing was heard of him ; his own people said he had fallen into the slough of Parisian wickedness and revelry, aud that was why. But in the ensuing spring there came a letter with intelligence that bis en deavours to discover his lady-love had been all; in vain, and' that he was about to return- home. He never did return, however, for the rupture of the Peace of Amiens took place id May, 1803, and all the travelling English in France were detained .prisoners by command of the first consul. He died before a new peace ar rived to stt them, free, and, with Jiis-memory, the events of that time faded into oblivion. The sole inhabitants of the Grange now were Madame Stephanie, Madame Rofe.andMjdafBfi. Bette. OgfeJtf ajtoiafr-fitsptgnle-fffer- encoun |ag04Ilf^SSoIic gaze. Her sister had become a permanent -invalid, but uo physician was in vited to relieve her maladies. Their poverty seemed more pinching than before, and their seclusion more complete. The rector endea voured to befriend them, but could never suc ceed in winning their confidence, and at length ceased to seek it The next change was the death of Madame Bose, which occurred in 1815, when all Eng land was ringing its bells and rejoicing over tbe glorious victory of Waterloo. Once more the Baxters expected to come into possession of the Grange, and once more they were disappointed. The restoration of the Bourbons appeared to bring no joy, no revival of ho|ie to the remain ing pair of exiled women. Madame Stephanie migut not have heard of it, for any sign she made. As for Madame Bette, whoever looked on her dark and furrowed face once was not in. dined to look again. Sbe was a most forbidding personage, mute as the grave. During all her long sufferance inEngland sbe had never picked up a word of English Bjicech, nor made a single English friend. Tbe two lived on together to quite extreme old age. Madame Bette died the first, and died suddenly. Madame Stephanie, aged as she was, still kept much of her ancient alertness and vigour, resisting every inducement proffered by the Baxters to remove iuto lodgings and accept from them the tendance necessary at her time of life. She survived Madame Bette about eighteen months, and died as solitary as she bad lived. Fur two or three days the was missing from her usual haunts, and, wh n the house was forcibly entered, was fouud on the fluur of the salon in a dying condition. Sht made great efforts, as of one who wishes to sgieak, but her tongue could form no intelligible v. orJs, aud be- i lore the priest who bad been sent for could ar- 1 | rive, the was gone. She was buried beeiiie Jier sister and servant in the churchyard. And now, ut lai-t, the Baxters entered into possession of the Grange. The old people took up their reudenen '' it. after putting it iuto habitable repair at the leabt possible cost ; for having brought up a large and exptnuvefamily, they bad suffered losses, and weic less rich in tlir'ir old ape than they bad been in their young days. Bridget Johnes was for Bome years their servant, anil though she remembered aud spoke of the closet in tbe salon, it was after the walk had been redecorated, aud then nobody was extravagant or curious enough to care about defacing them to recover it, until our boys took tire work in band. Who boarded up the closet is uot known, but there can be no doubt that it kept the secret -f murder, and that tbe skeleton we found was lliat of Mam'selle Elise. Bridget Johnrs rocognisid the betrothal-ring on her baud. 