THE WRAITH OF BEN-DOUICE. It is an old story now, and is told still when the household crouch round the great peat fire, and listen to the snowstorm without, as it sweeps down Hell's Glen and out upon the dark waters of tho lake. Unlike most ghost 6tories, or second-sight stories, it is a true story ; and thoy show you, as you pass on the top of the St. Katherine stage coach, the ruins of Mary Ferguson's house at the foot of the hill. Fifty years ago the silk mercers and stocking weavers of Glasgow were a conservatively domes- tic race, and greatly disinclined to step beyond their shop-counter in search of adventure. At that time it was not possible, as it is now, to pro- cure all the " comforts of the Sautmarket" in the remotest parts of the Highlands j and the present universal practice of leaving business during a portion of the summer, for the purpose of sniffing fresh air on the margin of a High- land loch, or the mouth of a Highland glen, would than have been considered a definite and dangerous form of monomania. "Where there are now long strings of pretty villas, fifty years ago there were but scattered hovels ; especially in so remote a spot as the shores of Locbgoil. Here, indeed, the few people who had dared to erect their dwelling in the face of the tempes- tuous winds wbioh in winter time tore up and down the mountain passes, scorned shut out from communication with the rest of the world ; hemmed round by tall and craggy hills, fronted by the capricious and changeful waters of the lake, and liable, during certain months in the year, to the fierce storms which probably won for the biggest ravine in the neighbourhood the title of Hell's Glen. At the mouth of this glen, and by the side of a small stream which triskles down a cleft in the side of Ben-Douieb, Donald Ferguson had built his house-a small and mean-looking place, which barely sheltered himself, his wife, and daughter Mary from the wind and the rain. But a man who has been brought up to the herding of sheep on a Scotch hill-side learns to be not too particular whether or no a few drops of moisture drip through the roof at night ; and his wife and daughter were in want of no better waterproof garment than exceeding good health and spirits. And Mary Ferguson was of the age of l8, and she had eyes big enough and blue enough to drive all the young men between Arran and Oban crazy, and her father was very fond of her, and she had two lovers, and she considered that it was very easy to read in fic- titious history books of some one more favoured by Providence than herself, but that to meut such a one in real life was a clear impossi- bility. One very bleak and cold winter evening both these lovera happened to drop in ; and old Donald Ferguson having gathered his sheep into the fold, had also come home. As they sat round the fire, it was noticed by everyone that John McBean, the suitor whom Mary fa- voured least, was even more than usually morose and silent. He stared into the peats, and when rallied by old Ferguson would start up with a sudden wonder on his face, as though he had been dreaming, By and bye, when the general talk had died down, McBean turned to Mary's father and asked him how many years had passed since the wrath of Ben-Douich had been seen. The conversation being thus turned, there was nothing heard of during the remainder of the evening but stories of apparitions, and visions of headless figures, and tales of the awful second-sight and so forth, while the wind out- side howled above the long flats of white snow that lay in every valley and on every hill-side. " I want to hear nae mair o' sa wraith," said old Furguson, who had the genuine northern dread of oven speaking of such things ; " in my mother's time it used to come often down fra sa hill, and when a man would try to overtake it, he was found sa next morning dead in sa glen." The wraith of which he spoke was not the apparition of the person about to die, but a spirit which was supposed to come down in the likeness of a man, from the top of Bon Douich, and the pier in front of the house of the person whose death was imminent. The wraith then walked slowly back to the hill, and ascended ; but, according to popular belief, if any person in the house which had been visited at once rushed out and clomb the hill before the wraith, the spirit on reaching the summit would immediately vanish, and no harm would befall the person whoso life had been endangered. "I wud try a race up Ben-Douich wi' sa quickest wraith sat ever ran," said Alec Inglis, laughing, and looking very bravo. But Mary's father did not like this joking with supernatural, especially as the wind out- side still moaned down the glen and seemed to echo words and cries as it passed overhead. The old man proceeded to give such instances as were on record of men and women having suc- cessfully striven with the apparition; John MacBean all the while staring gloomily and silently into the glowing peats. " Weel do I mind sa mornin'," said old Donald; "you wuss but a wean, Mary, and may pe you canna mind Duncan M'Gillivray knockin' at our door one night, and his coming in wi' his face white as sa snaw outside, to tell us how ho had seen sa wraith. And ho went out, and he ran up sa hill, but his feet slippit, and slippit, and slippit, as soy had never done afore ; and when he had near got to sa top o' Ben-Douich, sa wraith turned and looked down on him wi' a eauld, glittering laugh in its cen, and Duncan fell clean away on sa heather, and lay there naebody kens how long. I made him lie down on sa big chair until sa morning, and sen I sent him to his house and tellcd him no to mind what had happened. We never spoke o' sa wraith to him after sat-never. But Duncan M'Gillivray was a dead man in sree days, and as his wife was sittin' by sa pedside, ho gave a wee bit cry and sunk back deed, and then she heard a laugh outside sa house, and sare was a white thing flew past sa window." Mary's eyes were now big and solemn ; and even Inglis did not venturo upon another jest. As for John MacBean, ho rose to his feet, and 6aid he Bhould go ; whereupon Inglis agreed to accompany him down to his home by the side of tho loch. When they went to the door and looked out, a bright moonlight lay upon the clear snow. On the south side of the glen great shadows hid the mountains ; but on the Ben-Douich side the white radiance sparkled from base to summit on successive snow-çovered plains and shoulders ; while away in the cast a few snaky lines of diamonds twinkled on the black bosom of Looh goil. The wind still howled down through the mountain gullies ; but not a cloud was to be seen in that great still vault above, where the stars glimmered through the clear, frosty air. Their farewells having been spoken in Gaelic (as being more affectionate than the cold, artificial English, the natives thereabout had begun to talk), the two young men disappeared down tho valley, and Donald, with hi¡> daughter, returned | into the house. It was about an hour thereafter, as the story goes, that Mary Ferguson retired to her own little room, the window of which was but a single pane of glass in a wooden frame fixed into the stone wall. Lamps and candles were a luxury unknown, except on rare occasions, to her father's house ; and all the light admitted into this little apartment was the light reflected from the white snow outside. It is supposed that she had either casually glanced outside in passing the window, or had purposely been looking out to observe the beautiful moonlit tints of the snow ; at all events, there was that then met her eyes which from infancy she had been taught to regard with the utmost horror and dread. The house stood on a little slope above the bank of the stream, and above the other bank was a small fir wood. It was in front of this wood that she beheld, in the olear moonlight, a white figure pacing up and down, at times looking from under the shadow of the firs across to the house. No one can tell what sudden instinct of fear or temporary insanity caused her to act as sho did-whether Bhe be- lieved that the wraith was the foreteller of her father's death, and could only be thwarted by herself, or whether the shock to her nerves had deprived her of her senses: but she immediately stole out of the house without waking her father or mother. The snow was lying thick and soft upon the little cabbage yard, and on the river banks, and on the marshy hillside; oovering treacherous pits and holes, so that it was impossible to fore- tell what one's next step might lead to. With a rapidity which showed how reckless her terror had made her, she ran down the slope, crossed a 6mall rude bridge which here spanned the stream, and with the same eager impetuosity made her way through the deep snow which lay around the outskirts of the wood. It was at this moment that her father, having been aroused by the noise of her shutting a small gate at the foot of the cabbage-garden, rushed to the door and saw her disappear behind the firs. Thinking that his daughter was the vic- tim of some sudden attack of somnambulism or insanity, he hastily threw on a few articles of clothing and ran off in pursuit. Crossing the bridge and rounding the wood he looked up the hill, and there, far above him, instead of one solitary figure, he saw two forms-the farthest off being clothed in white. The nearest he immediately recognised as that of his daughter. And the other ? The dreadful superstition of whioh they had been talking at once flashed across his mind, and, paralysed by fear, he could only stop and watch the two moving things up amongst the cold white snow. He saw. her struggle on and on, grasping at the tough brackens which protruded above the snow ; sometimes slipping down into some con- cealed hollow ; at another time climbing bravely up the face of a glistening piece of rock. Then, with a sense of dull blindness, and with a cold weight upon his heart, he saw that she was drawing nigh to the brink of the gorge down which the stream he had just crossed flowed. Uttering a wild cry, he started once more in pursuit ; love for his daughter overcoming all terror and fear. He followed her foot-tracks ; but the undulations of the hill soon shut her from his sight, and he could only stumble on in the terrible hope that ho would be in time to avert her destruction. Suddenly a shriek, shrill as the death-cry of a drowning man, rang through the air, and repeated itself in innumerable echoes along the glen. The next moment he heard a rapid rush- ing sound some distance in front of him ; the wind blew in his face a lot of loose snow, and then all was silence again. But with a fearful presentiment, he left the track he had been following, and, bearing down to the left, soon found himself in the bed of the stream. Here progression was even more difficult; but an ungovernable impulse drove him to struggle over the boulders and fragments of rock which filled the valley. Presently he heard, or fancied ho heard, a slight moan j and stumbling on in the direction whence the sound proceeded, a beam of moonlight showed him, almost at his feet, the apparently lifeless form of his daughter. Kneeling down, ha caught her in his arms, and wiped the snow from hor still warm face, him- self unconsciously moaning. There was another sound broke the perfect stillness of the place j the figure of a man came rapidly down the glon side, scattering the snow as he leapt from rock to rock ; and there was now added to the group John MacBean, Old Furguson did not ask him how ho came there ; nor did he speak in any way j it seemed as if his reason had left him. The young man, pale and trembling, came forward to look into the face of the girl ; and then these two, silently, as though awestruck by the dreadful silence around, lifted up the dead body and boro it home. Donald Ferguson knelt down in prayer by the bedside ; when he rose John MacBean was gone, and there was no one to answer the frantic inquiries of the girl's mother. Next morning, however, when the circum- stances of the case began to be inquired into, when Mary's father told the neighbours who carne to offer him their sympathy everything ho had seen on the previous night, there were moro than one man gavo vent to a suspicion of John MacBean having been the wraith. Young Inglis, saying nothing, loft tho house, and made his way up the mountain alone. Half an hour thereafter he returned to the village, and walked into the house of his brother in-law. He threw down on the floor a largo white sheet and a cap. "These," said ho in Gaelic, "aro John MaoBean's. I found them on the hill- side. It was he who killed her, Lend mo your gun." "For what?" "There is a heron in the marshes on the other side of the loch, and I am going to shoot her." " Why should you go now to shoot a heron ? Take these things round to Donald Ferguson's." " I shall take thom on my way." Ho got the gun and went round to tho other side of the lake. But he did not go down into the marshes; be went into the house of John MacBean, whom ho found sitting moodily by the fire. Ho flung down before him the white sheet and the cap, and said : " These are yours. You killed her last night." " I did not," replied John MacBean, starting to his feet ; " it was a jest-I was not near her when she fell-I intended " And here ho tumbled heavily on the floor, shot through the heart. Inglis fled to St. Katherino's, got a boat there, and crossed to Iuveraray, and subsequently it was supposed succeeded in escaping to an Irish seaport, and thence from the country. The solution of the mystery died with John MacBean, though they who now tell tho story can easily furnish you with two or three reasons why he was tempted upon that night to assume the guiso of the wraith of Ben-Douich. The Royal Irish Acndemy has been enriobed by a very handsome present. The late Mr. Halliday was a well known oollector of books and pamphlets illustrative of Irish history, and his aolleclion ultimately reached the respectable dimensions of 14,000 separate works. This fine collection has been given by his widow to tho Royal Irish Academy, of which Mr. Halliday was fer many years a prominent member. 'The old historic^ windmill of Sans-Souci has been b!o<* a Joirn during a gale of wind, 