MR. SKELTON ON NATIVE MANU FACTURES AND NATIONAL CAPITAL. To-day we publish in another column a reply from Mr. Skelton to our article on 'The Protectionists and the Working Men.' The article lias already been subjected to a considerable amount of misrepresentation, but Mr. Skelton beats all his predecessors in the truly protectionist art of mystifying one self and others. It was quite superfluous in him to plead ignorance of the phrase 'eco- nomical science.' The admission so candidly made in his opening sentence is more and more confirmed by every succeeding line in his letter. Mr. Skelton's sudden change from the dogmatic to the interrogative style has taken us by surprise. We do not here undertake to answer all his ingenuous queries; in fact, many of them are of so elementary a kind that a leader of the Industrial League might be ashamed to ask them. His first floorer appears in the sentence^ — ' Now, Sir, do you assert that if I borrow of an English or colonial capitalist— say £2,000 on property, to enable me to carry on my business, or to make up for recent losses — that this has anything to do with tbc wage classes, or that there would necessarily be more money to spend in labour?' Of course we have asserted, and will reassert for Mr. Skelton's benefit, that any addition he can make to the national capital by borrowing from abroad in order to carry on his business will have ft great deal to do with the wage classes, because it will add to the wage fund. The only point where we in reality differ from him is as to the effect of a protective system on such borrow ing power. We say that protection would tend to injure the borrowing power of the colony. Mr. Skelton's reply is, 'capital will always flow into a community that is financially aound, whether they be Protec tionist or not.' True enough, financial soundness is the main point that lenders would look to, and one of our chief objec tions to Protection is that it is incompatible with sound finance. Witness the case of Victoria. Has Mr. Skelton carefully read the Victorian Treasurer'8 last Budget speech? Possibly not, as he has a recipe of his own for attracting foreign capital. ' I maintain, sir,' he says, ' ' that when our exports exceed our imports, sufficient capital will accumulate in the colony to carry on manufactures.' Old balance of trade, notion ! The attempt to I maintain an excess of exports over imports ' would be as absurd as to try to prove that two aad two make five, Foreign trade, like every other trade, is simply a process of exchange. Our wool and copper has to be paid for in some form by our English customers — if not in manufactured goods, then in bullion ; and what is bullion but; a commodity? What use would it be to us but to trade with, either amongst ourselves or with other foreigners? And could we not trade equally well with other commodities ? There is a ludicrous simplicity about the idea thatgetting bullion in exchange for our exports would add more to the national capital than getting an equal value of other articles. The only genuine addition which foreign trade can make to our capital is the profit we derive from it; and the only rational distinction that can be drawn between different classes of imports depends on which can be turned to the best account. The vital question for the colony is, whether it should import bullion for the purpose of carrying on native manufactures at a Iobs, or import goods which can be used profitably. Mr. Skelton, after fighting his way with difficulty through half a column of fal lacies like the above, gives vent to his Socratic spirit in a series of categorical questions. The first we pass over, as Mr. Skelton may easily make the desired calculation for himself. The Becond was answered in the article from which Mr. Skelton derived his question, but we can briefly repeat the argu ment alluded to. The 'same amount of labour may be done, and a less price (per labourer) paid for it' under such circum stances as when the amount to bo paid has to be divided among a greater number of labourers. If the wage-fund were reduced, is we believe it would bo by a protective system, either a proportionate number of labourers would be thrown out of employment entirely, or the whole body of labourers would have to submit to a proportionate re duction of wage3. Mr. Skelton'3 third ques tion relates to the comparative benefit con ferred on a country by importers and manu facturers. Other tliing3 being equal, we would, of course, prefer the native manu facturers, but in the case before us the con iition3 are not equal. An importer doing a profitable business is infinitely preferable to i native manufacturer who cannot get on ivithout protection. The first facilitates the natural industry of a country by cheapening production ; that is, giving cheap food, cheap Nothing, and cheap tools to the producers. The protected manufacturer docs directly j the reverse. The fourth aud last question we have to answer is, whether native manufactures would not be a better investment than spening up fresh country for fanning? To satisfy Mr. Skelton on this point might require a slight gift of prophecy. It is doubtful at present to what extent fanning will continue to pay, but Mr. Skelton may he sure that if practical men find it unsafe to invest more capital in that industry they will not do so. The capital thus set at liberty will be at the service of the woukl be native manufacturer, and if they can sec tlicir way to bona fide profits the country will be thankful to them for their enterprise. But the country would be a fool to jump at theoretical conclusions beforehand on so j complex and serious a question. Mr. Skelton 1 might just as reasonably ask its what the j price of wheat will be a year hence, as raise an abstract comparison between the future ' employment of our capital in agriculture and I in native manufactures. If he wishes to see the comparison practically and fairly carried out, he will join us in demanding that the competing industries be kept on equal terms. He cannot, as a conscientious patriot, ask us to give protection to the one and ' to leave the other to struggle unaided against not only ordinary but special diffi culties — for every one knows that our agri' culturists have an exceptionally hard future before them. However, they do not seem disposed to | look to the Industrial League for assistance. In contrast to the apocryphal farmer who is always holding private consultations with some gentlemen in town, about what to do with his sons and daughters, we can placo the bona fide farmers — men of note and in telligence all of them — who spoke at Smith field the other night so decidedly against protection. There waa the ring of true Anglo-Saxon metal in these speeches. It will be an evil day for the colony when such men cannot employ their capital and their expe rience remuneratively. It would be an un just and imprudent policy, which for the sake of a remote and uncertain advantage increased the difficulties under which they are for the present labouring. When Mr. Skelton in his peroration exclaims— 'What is wanted, Sir, is protection to every class,' — how does he not take time to explain the process by which tho farmers are to obtain their share? For our own part, we caunot imagine any share they would have in it, unless a share of the cost. Once for all, we would point out to Mr. Skelton and his friends that they render their theories worthless by basing them on the assumption of what native manufactures would do for tho colony when finally established. The discussion properly relates to the process of establishing them — how it may be most economically and safely carried out. We have all a common faith in the ultimate issue, but we differ as to the process of attainment. ' The Protection ists, before they can claim any merit for their scheme, always require to assume its successful operation ; they never venture to explain how it would operate, or to offer any guarantee for its success. Like the Crusaders of old, they look forward with so pure and intense devotion to the object of their pil grimage as to forget how slight is their chance of ever reaching it, and how numerous the dangers which lie in their way. It is doubtful if the piety excited by the Crusades was worth all the fighting and commotion it cost; so the patriotism with which Protection professes to be inspired, might likewise prove dear even at the low price to which tho Industrial League in its latest manifestoes has reduced it. Retubn op the Chief Secretary.— The Chief Secretary returned from his tour in the South Eastern District on Friday evening, and looks all the better for his trip. Dr. Graham.— Dr. Graham, formerly Assistant Colonial Surgeon at the Hospital, and now of Mel bourne, artived by the Aldinga on Saturday, and is the guest of Dr. Moore. It is a pity Dr. Unham arrived just too late to attend the dinner given to his host Mb. A. Hat.— Amongst the passengers who arrived by the Aldinga on Saturday were Mr. A. Hay and his family. They have been upwards of five years in England, although Mr. Hay has paid one visit to the.colony during this period. Easter Monday.— Splendid weather marked the occurrence of Easter Monday, April 22. The public of Adelaide poured en masse to enjoy themselves in the country and at the seaside, according as their inclinations dictated. The Catholics had a very successful picnic, and there was no end of Sunday-school festivals. Races took place under the auspices of sportsmen of Kensington and Norwood. Games were advertised to be held at Glenelg, and were carried out, so far as appliances would admit of. Excursion steamers ran between the Port and that popular watering place, and to both of the termini hundreds of pleasure seekers resorted. Brighton, too, had its quota of visitors, and the good foiks of Gawlerand Kapunda had their special festivals, which went i off satisfactorily. Altogether Easter Monday was 1 a capital holiday, thoroughly kept. Adelaide Tolice Coukt.-Uii Saturday, 20th April, two defendants had to pay 50s. each for drunkenness and riotous conduct. A prisoner, charged with stealing a purse, containing 5s. Cd., in a dwelling-house, was commilted for trial at the Supreme Uourt. ? The Barrier Range-*.— We are informed on what appenrstobe pretty pood authority that a person well known as having formerly resided in South Australia, has just arrived from the Eastern border with the dechired intention of claiming |the reward for the discovery of polJ within the limits of the colon}'. The exact locality is not mentioned, but it is understood to be in the neighbournood of the Barrier Ranges, though nt a considerate dis tance from any place to which former rumour have referred. Mr. and Mrs. Cask's Estertaismest.— After an absence of nearly 12 months Mr. and Mrs. Georjre Case again mvle their appearance before an. Adelaide audience -in White's Iiooma -on Saturday evening. The attendance was good, and on their first showing themselves on the platform these popular performers received a Itearty welcome. The first part of the performance consisted of a new entertainment called 'The Lost Party,'* which is somewhat leosely put together, but it nfforda Mrs. Case an opportunity of giving someof her wonderful impersonations, and of showing that versatility of talent for which she is so remarkable. Mr. and Mrs. Case have just returned from a pro fessional tour, a&d; having made up their minds to retire into private life, begin housekeeping. Mrs. Case is resolved to give a party, and the interest of the piece consists in the obstacles which sundry persons, personated by Mr?. .Cose, interpose to' tho carrying out of this scheme. First of all comes Mrs. Major Buster, a lady of gigantic proportions, who occupies the interesting relation of mother-in-law to Mr. Case, whom she attempts to overpower by her majestic presence, and to keep in subjection by her imperious manner. How Mrs. Ca-e manages to make herself look so big is a mystery which the initiated may explain. She towered far above Tier husband, whom she quite overshadowed. Mrs. Buster was succeeded by Sprouts, a greengrocer and occasional waiter at Bmall paities-a melancholy, red-nosed, nervous man, with a coat and waistcoat a few sizes too large for him, with a queer story about twins Sprouts drives Mr. Case half crazy with this story and his repeated offers of service. Mrs. Siddons Graves, a leading tragedienne and priraa donns, next appears, and .gives specimens of , her histrionic powers in the spasmodic nnd sen sational style. Mangles, upholsterer and de c /tutor, takes possession of Mr. Case's parlour,' f'nd in iris mind's eye soon runs up a pretty bill for new furniture, decorations, &c;, being incited thereto by this tremendous Buster. Trubbles, a page, is one of the most laughter-provoking charas.ers jn the piece. He has a genius for breaking and for crying frantically over his hieakage3. The faces he makes when Mr. Case looks at and chides him arc most comical, and his by-play, when Mr. Case's back is turned, elicits Bhonts of laughter. . Saiah Grills, the cook, affianced to Sprouts, elopes with that disreputable character-Grills being personated by Mr. Case, whose make-up wasmomtrous. The last character is Miss Polyphcmia Scrog^ins, a colonial young lady, who olfuis herself to succeed Grills in the coolest and most free-and- easy, style. This is a humorous specimen of a certain class of colonial servants, though, of course, it is exaggerated. The way she holds her own with Mr. Case, aad catechises that gentleman instead of submitting to be cale chiz?d by him, and tho manner in which the enfsnecmeut breaks down, and consequently the party has to be abandoned, to the prcat delight of Mr. Case, must be seen to be appreciated. For real side-splitting fun and jollity this is decidedly Mrs. Case's best hit. We may add that Mr. Ca*e does the troubled, perplexed, rather henpecked husband admirably. The secoiul part of the enter tainment introduced old friends The Wizard of the East startled by his illusions ; Sims Iteevcs de lighted the audience by his rendering of 'The Death of Kelson,' which, being encored, he sub stituted 'My Pretty Jane;' Mrs. Ferret again ' Wanted to Inow you know;' and RotneeGuffin, the poor actor, managed to oblain his dinner »y giving imitations of Fecliter, Charles Kean, and Robson. We need hardly add that Mr. Case filled up the intervals with his exquisite performances on the concertina and vi.-ln. With these instru ments he has lost none of his old delicacy of toutli. 'I lie whole entertainment cannot fail to be popular. They who visit it .may be sure of a hearty laugh, which in the.se bad times is not be despised. Thm-.gh the affair borders on broud farce of a very cxtr .vacant kind, there is nothing to offend. Mrs. Case's voice, which is a pleasing und a cultivated one, s-eenis to have traiued power since her last visit here. On .Monday evening the same enter tainment was repeated to u larger audience than that of Saturday. Both performer! were in the spirit -if their work. Mrs. Case was more effective than ever, and the mirth i-f the audunc: was almost uncontrollable. Matter Trubbles and Miss Scrouains were rendered with greater finish than on the firot night, and the other characters moved with ease through the whole performance. Mr. Case, as nrg'it be expected, was loudly aud impe ratively encored in his exquisite manipulation of the concertina and violin. 'The Lost Party' is a decided and an unmistakcable success. Vic.OKiv TUBATKB.-1'here was a moderately good house at the Victoria on Saturday evening, April 20, when Buhver's play of ' Richelieu'1 waa produced, in which the principal character, that uf the Cardinal, was taken by Mr. Stuart O'Brien. The performances closed with the clinic ballet, 'The Ghost of the Village.' There waa a crowded attendance on Monday evening. The first piece was that of the ' Old Chateau, or U12 Night of Peril.' The company played on the whole capitally. The impersonations of e3peci.1l excellence were those of the General, by Mr. O'Brien, and Michael Sammsun by Mr. Charles Young, the comicality of the latter agreeably diversifying the acting. In the female characters Miss Earl was remarkably good as Jeannette. The afterpart of the entertainment consisted of the fairy extravaganza. ' The Ice Witch, or the Frozen Hand.' A great part of the scenery was entirely new, ami the whole piece was got up an a scale of splendour not often witnessed at the Victoria. As Magnus Snora Mr. Muggrave was nncommonly excellent. The other characters were als* well sustained. The magnificence of the scenery found a crowning paint in the last act, : nd at the close a burst of applause expressive of admiration was ex torted from the spectators. Both pieces will be repeated this evening. Volunteer Parade.— On Saturday, April 20, the usual foitnightly parade of the city volunteer companies took place. About 180 members of Nos. 1, 2, % and 6 mustered under their respective officers in front of the Armoury, from whence they were marched by fours through King William street to the South Park Lands, headed by the Regimental Band. The battalion, under the com mand of Lieut-Colonel Mayo and Major Clark, was first exercised in skirmishing drill, and subse quently, in the formation of squares to resist cavalry, and in wheeling into line, the evolutions being performed in a satisfactory manner. The battalion, after exercising until dusk, were then marched up to the parade-ground and dismissed. The men wore for the first time their cross-beltB and 40-round pouche?, and it was announced at the conclusion of the drill that until further notice the parades would be weekly, in order no doubt to perfect the members in drill for the review ou the Queen's Birthday. INQUEST.— An inquest was held by the Coroner on Monday, April 22, at the Destitute Asylum, on the body of a male infant who died at that place on Sunday morning. Mr. W. Campbell, was chosen foreman of the Jury. Moses Frith of North Adelaide, deposed that he brought an infant to the Destitute Asylum on Thursday afternoon, between 2 and 3 o'clock. There were some people at the. gate, and laid it down together with a bundle. His daughter Henrietta called his atten- tion to a child in his house. Suspected Elizibeth Millington to be the mother of the child. Did not see the person who left it, not being at home. Had not the most remote idea where Elizabeth Milling- ton was. Last saw her nearly two months ago. Believed the bundle produced to be the one he left with the child, and some writing on a slip of paper which was in it to be that of Elizabeth Millington. The inquest was then adjourned until Wednesday morning, as some necessary witnesses were not in attendance. Horse Accident.— On Saturday morning a man named George Lee, a carter in the employ of Mr. Eames, of Port Adelaide, had a narrow escape from drowning. He had driven the horse and box cart into the river, near the Port Bridge, on the Peninsula side, for the purpoiic of washing the cart; hut going too far out the horse was taken off its lejis and carried with the cart down' the stream. In a short time the horse was drowned, and both began to sink, and the man was in a very critical position, being unable to swim. Fortu» nately the* accident was witnessed by several persons, and two or three boats put off to his assistance. Mr. Pilot B. Germain, who was on. Imrd his cutter nearjthe spot, went in his dingey and caught the man as he was sinking for the third time. He was conveyed to the Glanville Hotel, and a messenger immediately sent for medical assistance. Drs. Gething and Forward were speedily on the spot, and, aided by Sergeant Brown and Constable Buckham. Dr. Sylvesters mode of resusitating the apparently drowned was successfully adopted, and in about half an hour the patient was restored. Murninnie Bismuth Mining Company.— We are glad to learn that there is a prospect of this valuable property being worked to advantage. Some time ago it was announced that Messrs. Dubois & Wells had patented a process by which bismuth could be extracted from ores containing that metal in combination with others, and the process was successful on a small scale; but the Murninnie ores were found to require so powerful a flux to reduce them, that no smelting pots could be procured capable of standing more than three or four charges, and this, of course, rendered the operation too costly. Mr. Dubois has for the last six months been unremitting in his endeavours to overcome the difiiculty. and we are glad to hear that his labours have at length been crowned with success, as he has discovered a means by which bismuth can be separated from ores containing other metals and run into ingots chemically pure, at a highly remunerative price. The process has been carried out in the presence of Mr. Edmund W. Wright on a scale sufficiently large to prove it a commercial success, and we understand the original promoters have very handsomely agreed to remunerate Mr. Dubois for his discovery out of their own pockets, making the Company a present of the invention. We are informed the last quo tation for bismuth in London was 12s, per lb., and it is only the scarcity and uncertainty of the supply that prevents its being largely used by the Bir mingham manufacturers. The Rev. J. L. Poore.— On Sunday morning, A.pril 21. the Rev. F. W. Cox directed the attention 3f the Hindmarsh-i-quare concrepation to the recent decease of the R«v. John Legge Poore, taking f*r the subject of his discourse Matt, xxv,, v. 21, ' Well dona cood an4 faithful servant, tbou hast been faithful over a few things, 1 will make thee ruler over ninny things, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' He drew attention to the manifold labours of the deceased gentleman, rnd gave some account of his latter days, as furnished by the Eev. Mr. Jackson, of Williamstown, Victoria. PiRiasraKirr Sunday School— Sermons in celebration of - the- anniversary -of - Pine-street Sunday School were preached on Easter Sunday ; in the morning by the Rev. J. G. Miilard, and in the evening by the Rev. J. Watsford. The Chspel was filled upon each becajion, and some selected pieces were nicely sung by the children. An address was delivered on Sunday afternoon to the children of the head school with its branches, several hundred children being present. Col lections in aid of the funds were made at each service. ?'?. '?'?'?? ' : * : :' : ~' ' : ? Stow Memorial Choroh.— The services in con nection with the opening of the Stow Memorial Church were continued on Sunday, April 21. In the morning the Rev. C. W. Evan preached from the 23rd and 24th verse* of the 4th chapter of John — ' But the hour cometh and now is when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth; for the Father seeketh such to worship Him God is a spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him i in spirit and in truth.' An earnest exhortation was addressed to those present to endeavour to fulfil the purpose for which the building wherein they were assembled had been erected, by faithfully nnd devoutly worshipping the only true God inspirit aud in truth. The evening service was conducted 1 y the Rev. F. W. Cox, who took forhis test the 9th /eise of the 2nd chapter of Hagcai— 'The glory of the latter house shall be greater than of the former, saith the Lord of Hosts, and in this house will I give peace, saith the Lord.'' There were large congregations on bo'h occ.if ions, when collections were made on behalf of the Building Fund, amounting to the sum of £31. . - - ? Presbyterian Church. Port Adelaide.— An intetesting service was held in this Church on Thuwday, 18-h, in connection with the induction of the Rev. James Henderson as pastor of the congregation. There was a large attendance, the church being filled in every part; and among the audience we noticed many friends from the city. The Presbytery of South Australia was present, and being constituted, proceeded with the bu iness of the meeting. The first part of the proceedings was the calling for the return of the edict, which bad previously l»?en read on the tw» preceding Sabbaths. The Clerk of Presbytery laving read the edict, as directed by the rules of the Church, and no objections having been offered, the Rev. J. Anderson, of Strathalbyn, entered the pulpit and preached an earnest and peculiarly suitable discourse from the words in the Acts of the Apostles, 'Send men to Joppa and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter, who shall tell tbee words whereby thoa nnd all thy house may be saved. At the close of the discourse he called upon Mr. Henderson to stand up, and having put to him the usual questions of the Presbyterian formula, which having been answered satisfac torily, Mr. Anderson offered up solemn prayer, settina apart Mr. Henderson as the pislor of the Church, and invoking the Divine blessing upo-i pastor nnd people. Thereafter the right hand of fellowship was given to Mr. Henderson by all the members of Presbvtery in the order of seniority This having been done, the Rev. J. Lyall. of Adelaide, ascended the pulpit, and delivered an address to the newly-appointed minister, full of Christian affection, and marked by much vigour of thought and utterance. The Rev. J. Roddick, of Mount Pleasant, followed with a pointed address to the people on their duties to their minister. The whole of the services were felt by the audience to be of a deeply interesting anil impressive cha racter. Mr. Henderson enters upon the duties of the pistorate of Port Adelaide Church with the liest whiles of a seemingly wide cir-le of frien h. It ought to be mentioned that the railway autho rities very courteously acceded to a request to delay the last trail to Adelaide for half an hwr. The cilizoim had thus an opporl unity of returning to their own homes, and we oh erved that many availed themselves of the privilege. IJAPri3T Anniversary, Teatrkb Gijut.— The fifth anniversary of the Baptist Chapel, Teatrcc Gully, wa3 celebrated on April 14th nnd 19th. (Jn the lith three sctmnns were preached in the morning by the Rev. R, Parkin, of Masjill, in the afternoon by the Hcv J. Hiwsett, of Adelaide, nnd in the evening at If bv Mr. Renney, of North Adelaide. On Ooul Fri'luy a public tea-meeting was held in the chapel, when about 150 sat down, after which .1 public meeting was held. Addreses were given by ministers and friends. Mr. Ranilell -vas in the chair. The choir suns several anthems in excellent style. Thn proceeds of the anniver sary were about £21.— Correspondent. The Unitarian Church' in Australia.— The Argus of April 13 says:— 'The Unitarians of Melbourne will be interested to learn that for one month there is to be an interchange of preachers with the three churches in Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide. This is the more important to them, as their isolated condition is apt to place them at a cohsMerahta disadvantage, in making it a rarity to obtain the spiritual ministrations of more than one person. For the space of time indicated the Rrv. J. Pillars, B.A., of Sydney, a preacher of reputed hiph abilities, is to minister at the Unitarian Church, on Kasti rn-hill. Melbourne; the Kev. H. Higginson, of Melbourne, is to be at Adelaide; and the Kev. J. C. Wooil', of Adelaide, is to be at Sydney.' The New Secretary for the Colonies.— The Argus gives the following account of the new Secretary for the Colonies: -'The Duke of Buck ingham and Chandos, whom the dissensions in Lord Derby's Cabinet have placed at the head of the Colonial Office, u the only son of the late Duke, by the sister of the last Marquis of Bredal bane, and is ndv in his forty-fifth year. Belong ing to that favoured clas3 who seem generally to be placed beyond the ordinary reach of misfor tune, the Duke was destined to discover, before he had reached his twenty- fifth year, that fate had reserved for him an experience of life very diffe rent to that of most dukes' eldest sons. In 184?, but a shot t time after the Queen's visit to Sto we, when all the country rang with the report of her magnificent reception, the late duke's difficulties culminated The princely home of the Greu villes, the resort for nearly a century of all most renowned in intellect and art, and the seat of accumulated treasures of every description, be came for many days the scne of an auctioneer's triumphs, and the glorious chambers in which Chaiham and Temple had held converse, and sought repose from the cares of State, were filled with Jew dealers, brokers, and a motley group, whoie like it may be safely asserted the walls of those grand old apartments have never looked upon before or since, whil&t; they echoed to the hammer of the great George Robins. The sale at Stowe was Becond to none -not even to that of Mr. Biek'onl, at Konthill— in the interest it excited and the quality of the property disposed of. The catalogues were sold at a guinea a piece. Great sympathy was at the time felt and expressed for Lord Chandos, the more so that a painful impres sion prevailed, to which the Times newspaper pn\e further force in a memorable article, to the effect that the late Duke had, in his difficulties, taken an unfair advantage of his son in reference to the alienation of certain property. But what ever might have been the shortcomings of the father, the son is a man uni versally esteemed and respected, and the manner in which, when he learnt bis real position, he put his shoulder to the wheel, and lesolved to show men, that although the eldest son of n duke, with the noblest blood in iSagland running in his veins he could and would cam his bread, won the hearts of Euglishmeu. Stowc wa?, after being completely gutted of its treasures, for many years entirely abandoned ; but it ;will gratify the many who take an interest in the annals of an historic house so intimately con nected with the politics of the last century, to learn that the duke, who succeeded to a property of many thousands a year on the death of his maternal uncle, the Marquis of Breadalbane, is now, so far as house and park arc concerned, 'enjoying his own again.' But Stowe is, of coume, no longer the Stowc of yore, now its trea sures and magnificent library are scattered to the four winds. The whereabouts of many of the objects of art are still well known, and it is pos sible may be gradually recovered. The grand lanthorn— made expressly for the Queen's visit emblazoned with the arms of the barons and numerous noble families with whom the Grenvillcs have been connected— not omit ting the conspicuous quartering of the family arms with those of royalty itself, on which account ill-natured critics declared that it had been made, and prominently intro duced to the illustrious visitors' attention-now ailorns Iheiiall of the famous Calverley Hotel, a favourite resort in former days of Lord and Lady Palmcrstfin, at Tonbridge Wells. Kven now half the curiosity and vcrtu dealers in England derive the pedigree of a surprising nu nber of their wares from Stowe, and, indeed, although that house is very lurge, it had need have I een as big as Ver sailles to have accommodated all the articles which ingenious Hebrews and other dealers in 'bigotry and virtue' assert to have once occupied a niche within its walls. The Dukedom of Bucking ham again becomes extinct on the death of the present duke, who has no male heir; but his eldest daughter will, by a special limitation in the original patent, become, on her father's death, Countess Temple in her own right It is not a little remarkable that the Dukedom of Bucking ham has been enjoyed by four distinct faraflies— the Staffords, Villiew, Sheffielik and Grenville?. Buckincham Palace was originally the town-house of Sheffield, Duke of Buckingham, and sold by his heirs to the Crown. The old town house of the present creation stands in Pall Mall, nnd Li now a part of the War Office. The arms carved in stone still remain. The duke's grandmother was daughter and sole heiress of the last Duke of Chandos, and we believe that he now occupies Chandos House, long known as the residence of the Austrian Embassy, so that, both in town and in country, his grace has in middle* life returned to the home of Im fathers. The duke, as Marquis of Chandos, was for some yean Chairman of the London and North-We8tern Railway Company, and discharged his responsible office to the general satisfaction of the shareholders and the public. He sat in the House of Commons for the borough of Buck ingham. Without, probably, possessing Lord Caernarvon's extensive and accurate knowledge of colonial subjects, we believe that His Grace will ba found to administer the duties of his office with prudence, moderation, and good sense. . New Zealand Gold Diggings.— The latest news from Hokitika by the Alhambra is to the 6th instant. Intelligence had reached that port that a pood quartz reef had been struck at the Buller. New alluvial dig^in^s had alao been dis covered there, which promised well. A rush had Bet in, which was likely to assume considerable proportions. The Alhambra also brings news, received by telegraph, of an extensive fire in Dunedin. Dr. Alexander Hunter, well known in Melliourne (and also in Adelaide) died in Hokitika en the Gth inst.— Argus, April 13, Port Towx Hall Clock.— The Indus has brought the necessary gear and appliances for fitting up the tower of the Port Town Hall with a i timekeeper. 