HISTORICAL PARALLELS FOR VICTORIAN STATESMEN. The fury of the legislative feud in \ ictona i3 being brought to a focus. Since we last alluded to the subject there has been a Ministerial crisis, a sham interposition of the Governor, a triumphant return to power of Messrs. McCulloch and Higinbotham, a prorogation, a new sessioa of Parliament opened, and a new Appropriation Bill passed by the Assembly and sent up to the Council The old battle is being fought over again, and all the more desperately because it is felt on both sides that this turn must be decisive. If the Council still resists there must be a dissolution, and if it yields there will practically be no Council more. In the most recent debates it has been broadly asserted, over and over again, that this is a sheer trial of strength between the two Houses. If so the Council is in a precarious situation, for the power of the Government is almost a3 great as its policy is reckless. Mr. McCulloch has not only a strong majority in the Assembly, but he has gained the countenance of the Governor, who has already shown himself, though in a more prudent way, nearly as much of a partisan as his predecessor. The very cool attempt he made to restrict Messrs. Fellows and Frazer to 'amateur advice,' combined with his subsequent adoption of the McCulloch proposal, which but a few days before he had called 'premature,' did not help much to restore the balance of the Constitution. The recommendation which he has since given to the Council to pass the Appropriation Bill with the Darling vote included is still more suggestive of 1865. His Excellency seems to have forgotten all about the hope he expressed in his viceregal speech a fortnight ago, that ' the joint endeavours of the two Houses to arrive at a satisfactory solution of the questions to be considered by them would be blessed with success.' The Assembly having achieved its share of the 'joint endeavours' by sending up the Appropriation Bill exactly as before, His Excellency now wishes to cut the matter short. During the recent crisis he played into the hands of the Ministerialista, and in order to avert a new crisis he advises the Council to make an unqualified submission. Mr. Fellows may well say that His Excellency has very different measures for taking advice and for giving it. Whatever course the Council may now adopt must have a serious influence on its own future and on the constitutional pro gress of the colony. If it yields at all it must yield the very essence and principle of its existence. If it continues to resist, it endangers that same, essence and principle by arousing against them the democratic passions of the people. A second rejection of the Appropriation Bill must be followed by a dissolution of the Assembly and a general election, the watch-cry of which would be the abolition of the Council. If it shrinks from assassination, its only alter native is a prudent philosophic suicide. In either event the people's Ministry may look forward to a fresh accession of strength; temporary it may be, but still very tangible while it lasts. The McCulloch Government will become a phenomenon in Australian politics and a moral in Australian history. It will be said of them by posterity that they carried two successive Parliaments in their Tvwket. and pot two successive Governors under tnerr tnumD. xo k xugm botham will belong the double honour of having dictated like Sir Kooert Walpole in Parliament and like Lord Chatham in the royal closet. This accidental allusion to the great statesmen of last century reminds us of a curious agreement which was made recently by the two branches of the Victorian Legislature, namely, that they would be guided in all matters and forms relating to Money Bills by the pre cedents of the House of Lords and of thei House, of Commons; respectively. During the subsequent crisis Mr. Fellows proposed to turn this agreement to practical account, by referring the dispute on the Appropria tion Bill to LordEversly, the late Speaker of the House of Commons. It was very pro perly objected that if English precedents were to determine the question, they could be as easily searched for in Melbourne as in London. Since then the Imperial Hansard has been ransacked to good purpose, and, as usual, both parties have found plenty of analogies to establish their own orthodoxy, and to prove the heterodoxy of the other side. We do not flatter ourselves that the Im perial Hansard can furnish a practical remedy for the present crisis, or that it can furnish anything at all beyond materials for pugnacious speeches. The study of itmay, however, have an indirect result In ferreting outtechnicalities in the workingof the English Constitution, adeeper insight may be obtained into its spirit and principles. In looking for suparficial analogies in the Parliamentary history of the mother-country one may stumble on a fundamental analogy which underlies these, and which is of more real im portance to us than all of them put together. All the Victorians can say at present of their political situation is that they have got some thing called Responsible Government. The machinery for carrying on this system of responsible government is in one respect very complete, and in another respect very imperfect. The requisite organization outside Parliament is well developed, but inside Parliament it is crude and unreliable. Responsibility can be enforced to almost any extent in the first stage — that is, between the electors and the representatives j and very slightly in the second stage — that is, between the representatives and the Executive. In the various colonies of Australia we see all manner of Executives, from the ricketty Brisbane to the ' indispen 3il»le' Higinbotham type; and all manner of Oppositions, from the soliiny Strangways of Adelaide to the Free-trade phalanx of Mel bourne. There is, however, one thing we never see — a really strong Government held in check by a solid well-matched Opposition. The value of 6uch an equilibrium i3 so little understood that its desirability is advocated by no political party. No approach has ever been made to its realization. Our politicians are always doomed to be at one of the two extremes— a milk-and- water Administration and a meddlesome Legislature, or a semi despotic Administration with an overwhelm ing sycophantic majority. The first we too often see on North-terrace ; the second has become a permanent phenomenon in Victoria. Extremes are a symptom of imperfect culture. That they are so rife in Australian Legislatures while they occur so seldom in the Imperial Legislature proves the one to be much better developed than the other. But we do not require to go far back into the constitutional history of England before we come to a period when extremes and crises and general chaos were the order of the day — a period whose cabals have left behind them a worse reputation than any American caucus can ever attain. The first half of the reign of George the Third abounds in incidents which a Victorian politician of the present time can read with the highest interest and appreciation. William Pitt, in destroying the Coalition Ministry, put an end to the anarchy of faction which had prevailed since his father was driven from office in 17C1. Along with the elder Pitt fell the prestige of his country abroad and the influence of a powerful oligarchy at home. This oligarchy is now familiarly known as the 'Great Families.' or, as Burke called them, the Old Whigs. It was composed chiefly of the noble houses of Russell, Lennox, Fitzroy, Savendish, Manners, Bentinck, Wentworth, »nd Pelham. They had constituted them selves the sponsors of the 'glorious revo lution,' and cherished 'revolution prin ciples' as an heirloom in their families. They had dictated to William of Orange, and bhe bold genius of Bolingbroke alone enabled Queen Anne to deliver herself from their thraldom. With the House of Brunswick they returned to power, fixing their yoke so firmly on the first two Georges that for forty years the Tory party were as if they had given up the ghost. On the accession of George the Third the oligarchy came to an ignominious end through Court intrigue. A canny countryman of Mr. McCulloch's, John Stuart, known in the peerage as the third Earl of Bute, had 'a leg of unrivalled symmetry'— in fact, the best-turned leg in its day and generation. Lord Bute was not a politician by birth, though his patron, Frederick Prince of Wales, had acknowledged him to be 'a fine showy man, who would make a very good ambassador in a Court where there was no business to do.' Frederick's widow, the Princess Dowager of Wales, and mother of George the Third, fully endorsed her late husband's opinion of the young EarL She was captivated by his unrivalled leg, and he in turn was captivated by her ambitious politics. She bore a mortal hatred to the great Whig Lords, and wished to inaugurate her son's reign by a political massacre of them. Such was the origin of one of the most contemptible, and yet most successful, cabals of the eighteenth century. One by one the obnoxious nobles were driven from the royal presence with insult and obloquy. In October, 1761, Pitt was out voted in the Privy Council on the question of war with Spain, and immediately threw up his seals as Secretary of State and War Minister. In May, 1762, the old Duke of Newcastle saw that fawning could no longer save him, and with a sigh he resigned the Premiership into the itching hands of Lord Bute. The McCulloch of the eighteenth century was now supreme in the royal closet. But Providence had another favour in store for him. To complete the analogy it gave him a Higinbotham to browbeat the House of Commons. George Grenville, a brotherin law of Pitt, with more regard for his own personal ambition than for his family con nections, had hastened to greet the rising sun of Burke. He was rewarded with a Secretaryship of State and the leadership of the Commons. The following portrait of him, taken from Jesse's recently-published Memoirs of George the Third, would not look strange under a different name, especially to our Victorian friends :— After alluding to his blunders, among which was the Stamp Act that caused the American Revolution, the writer proceeds : — 'Nevertheless he possessed many of the qualifications necessary to fill high office with credit. His abilities were much above mediocrity, his personal courage was un questionable, and the interests of his country were ever near to his heart. His private and political integrity were equally unim peachable. As a man of business he was punctual and indefatigable. Having been called to the bar he had the advantage of carryinj 'with him into public life a compe tent knowledge of law ? On the other hand George Grenville was afflicted with infirmities of mind and temper, which were certain to mar his success. He was a fatiguing talker and a bad listener. In his intercourse with others there were no amenity, no openness, no geniality, no tact. His nature was suspicious and unforgiving, his manners cold and ungracious, his coun tenance unprepossessing. He was distin guished by a self-conceit and a aelf-confU ehce which were proof against the most persuasive arguments and the most incontro vertible facts. 'To persuade him that on any occasion he had been in the wrong in his public capacity is said to have been next to an impossibility.' There is an English precedent— a constitutional landmark for Victorians. The Victorian Parliament is rehearsing the first part of the reign of good King George !he Third of happy memory. The Freetraders have had thsir day, as Augusta of Saxe-Gotha said of tho great Whig Lords. Bute and Grenville have revisited the glimpses of the moon, the first to wonder how the deuce he ever came to be a Premier and the other to swear upon his conscience that he still considers the Stamp Act a wise piece of legislation. It cost a good many Colonial Governors their seats, it is true ; but what of that ? Give Les Miserable* twenty thousand pounds apiece, and let them sink into oblivion. Select Committee ox the New Post office. — The Committee appointed by the Assembly to enquire into the questions relating to the construction of the new Post Office have brought up the following report: — ' 1. That plans and des.pns for the erection of a new Post-Omce and Telegraph station were decided upon by the Government, aud laid on the table of the Library. These plans and designs having been afterwards altered, tenders were called for the budding ef the Post-Uffice in accordance with such altered pkns. '2. That difficulties having arisen between the architects and the contractor with regard to the quality of the stone, the latter was permitted to abandon his contract. '3. That ceitain important alterations and re ductions were then made in the designs, aad fresh tenders called for the work. '4. Your Committee regret that such altered plans and designs were not submitted to Parliament for approval, as it was then in session. '5. Four Committee nod that at the time of the tender beiug accepted a large number of working men were out of employment. ' 15. Your Committee do not think that a well considered design like that of Messrs. Wright and Woodi should have been needlessly altered and departed from, even if it had been considered desirable at present to reduce the cost oE the building, and are of opinion that the plan should have been referred back to Messrs. Wright and Woods in preference to any other architect. '7. Your Committee, however, are of opinion that the reduction in height of the building and tower was advisable. '8. Your Committee find that the contract for the foundations for the Post- Office was tikeu uuder Messrs. Wright & Woods lor £1.900: but the actual amount paid for the same was £2,600, and that the contractors received payment for work to the extent of £25 which had not even been commenced at the time the payment was made. '9. Your Committee consider that Messrs. VV right & Woods were not entitled to a commis sion of 2J per cent upon Mr Farr's contract until they had taken the necessary steps to secure the signatuies of the contractor and his sureties to the boiid.' ______^_^__ Sooth Australian Medical Association.— At the usual quarterly meeting of the South Aus tralian Medical Association held at the Hospital on Thursday evening, Dr. Gunson and Dr. Uarlas, of Penola, were balloted for and duly elected. The Cm Distress Keliep CoMMiTTEE.-The General Committee appointed for the relief of the distress amongst the unemployed ia the city held a meeting in the refreshment-room, at the Town Hall, on Friday afternoon, October 4, for the pur pose of concerting measures for the more effectual collection of funds. There were present the Yen. Archdeacon Woodcock (in the chair), the Bevs. A. R. Russell (Secretarj), J. Lyall, and J. C. Woods, B.A., and Messrs. Jas. Whiting and J. Jones. A letter was received from the Hon. Treasurer (Mr. Thomas Graves), apologizing for his absence. It was explained that the liabilities amounted to £S0. After a general expression of opinion as to the desirability of active measures being devised to raise sufficient funds to cover the existing liabilities, the meeting adjourned to Thurs day next, when it is hoped there will be a full attendance. Civil service Club.— We are informed that nearly 200 officers have been enrolled as members. The house lately in possession of Dr. Gosse on North-terrace has been taken as a Club House, and arrangements are in progress for its early occu pation. It will be seen on reference to our adver tising columns that the services of a caterer are required. The Late Case op Drowning in the Torbens. —We understand that in spite of an unremitting search on the part of the police the body of the lad Charles Jenkins, who was drowned in the Torrena on Monday, September 30, has not yet been found. Aquatics.— Mr. Mitchelmore launched from his yard on Thursday evening. 3rd instant, a four-oared outriirarer named Princt* Alfred. Rein? thfi first boat of the kind built in the colony, a large amount of interest was shown in the event, especially as some of the knowing ones had predicted that her crew would be unable to keep her on her keel. It was scarcely anticipated that her builder would turn out so clever a specimen of his skill from the materials at command. The Oregon pine pla nk ing was cut into 42 feet lengths, and the back-bone formed of a solid piece, grooved on ?ither side to take the garboard strakes. Those are securely fastened and roved, so as to present outside an unbroken surface ; and the sccend plank being carvel fixed, there is not the slightest in equalities on her bottom. She is but 23 inches beam, with a depth of niuc inches; so her appear ance in the water presents from a distance a long straight line. The greatest care has been taken' to finish every part in the most approved manner. On launching, the crew took their benches and paddled away in the most promising style. Indeed it was very evident she would prove a smart com petitor in the forthcoming race. Accident.— An accident happened to a young man named Wm. Gray, of Faynehara, on North terrace, at about 6 o'clock, on Friday evening. October 4, He was riding on horseback in com. pany with another person when his horse took fright and bolted towards the footpath, bringing its rider into violent contact with the lamp-post. The sufferer was taken into the Buck's Head public-house, and Dr. Clark sent for. He was very much bruised and shaken, but although he had not received any perceptible hurt of a serious character, it could not be ascertained if he had sustained any internal injury. Supreme Court.— The Full Court sat in Banco on Friday, Octaber 4. A motion was made for a rule nisi for a new trial in the case of the National Bank v. Mullen, which has already been tried three times ; but the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne differing in opinion, and Mr. Justice Wearing having declined to take part, as he held some interest in the Bank, no rule was granted- Notice was given on the part of the defendant of appeal to the Privy Council. A rule nisi was granted to set aside a nonsuit in the case of Clegg r. Hawson. The Court adjourned till Tuesday next. COURT OF INSOLVENCY.-In the case of Johann Reincke, whioh came before the Court of Insol vency on Friday, October 4, several charges were preferred against the insolvent The case was eventually adjourned to October 8, at 11 o'clock, to enable Mr. Anderson, the insolvent's counsel, to meet them. Adelaide Police Court.— On Friday, October 4, cross-informations for alleged assault reaulted in fineB of 5s. and Is. Two informations by claimants for wages from an employer resulted in orders of the Court for the payment of £6 IBs. 6d. and £4 8s. The Accident at the Triumphal Arch.— The man William Triggs who met with the acci dent at the triumphal arch at the north end of King William-street on Thursday afternoon, October 3, is progressing favourably. We are informed that the accident occurred through his foot slipping, and not through the Bteps breaking, as we stated. Alabm of Fire.— The residents near the junc tion of Divett-place and Wakefield-streev were last night (Friday), about S o'clock, startled by a cry of 'Fire,' and came trooping out of their houses to find the names leaping out of the chimney of the corner cottage. For some time the flames were very fierce and lurid, forming a brilliant illumina tion without gas, but seriously threatening the safety of this and the neighbouring dwellings, the shingle roofs of which were rather ancient, and consequently fraiL For a few minutes a moderate crowd collected, and a hand fire-reel arrived just as, through the assistance of wet bags and buckets of water, the flames were subdued. Sktllogolee Creek.— A correspondent, writing on October 3, says -.-'The weather still seems te keep showery and changeable— one day hot and the next cold. On Sunday afternoon last, about S p.m., a heavy thunderstorm passed over the neigh bourhood, accompanied with heavy rain, though not of long duration. The lightning was very vivid; one flash in particular being noticed by several persons, who remarked that the air for the moment seemed like a breath from a furnace. One gentleman felt a momentary shock, something similar to that which would be produced by an electrical- machine. The heavy floods have washed one of our main crossing-places completely away, and it is to be hoped that the District Council will take steps to place a footbridge across the creek. An appeal to them to that effect by the neigh bourhood is being made. As it is, many of the children are unable to cross the creek to attend the day school.' 'Wesletan Chapel. Sandebgrove.— The corner stone of the new Wesleraa Chapel, Sanderfrrove, was laid on Monday, the 30th of September, by Mrs. Tucker, who placed a £50 cheque upon it. Mr. Tucker then stood up and addressed a few suitable words to the assembly. The minister also made a few remarks, and concluded with prayer. The serr.ee was necessarily short, because of the cold strong wind which was blowinjj. A bottle was deposited under the stone, containing an ac count of the ceremony, the reign of H r Majesty Queen Victoria, the Governor-in-Chief of South Australia, the year of the Australasian Wesleyan Meth»dist Conference, the names of the President, Chairman of the District, end minister of the circuit; also, the names of the Tnuuees, some silver and copper coins of the reahn, a circuitplan, and s copy of the HegiHer «l tha day.twre Arranqsments for the Prince's Progress. —The following queries having Wen forwarded to us on the abovi subject, wo have endeavoured, so far as possible, to obtain the desired information, which we append in the form of answers :— I. Will the Bay-road be closed for traffic on the day of the Prince's arrival, and. if so, at what hourl-A. Police will be stationed at the cross mads with directions to stop all crossing before the procession starts and during its progress 2 Will down traffic on!y be stopped, and will up traffic l« allowed to a certain hour! -A. Down tr.iffic will be utoppe-J at a certain hour, and the n-ad cleared by the advanced guard of volunteer cavalry. 3, i. 5, and 6. These questions refer to the ar rangements within the city, and the answers may l-e given in the words of the resolution adopted by the City Council on Monday hut, viz.:— 'That horses and vehicles be prohibited traversing King William street on the occasion of the procession and duritic the night of the illumination, and that His Worship be requested to see that the resolu tion was carried out-. ' W e hear, however, that this resolution is likely to be reconsidered and so modi fied that ladies and children may not be kept away or compelled to go on foot through the crowd. Probably carriages will be suffered to traverse the streets on condition of their going at a foot pace and keeping on the near side of the road. & \\\ hat will be the arrangements for the pro cession to break off on the arrival of His Jtoyai Highness at Government House?— A. The pro cession will pass through the grounds and re-enter North- terrace by the side of the Ins itute. There the carriages will separate for their several desti nations, and each particular foot procession will proceed to the Parade-ground, or such other place as its own officer may direct, and then disiubs. 9\. What officers will be in charge of the proces sion on the night of the illumination 2- A. The torchlight procession will be in charge of its own marshals. The Prince's Ball.— We had the pleasure on Friday evening of attending a rehearsalof the music to be performed at the ball to take place iu the Town Hall on the visit of H.K.H. the Duke of Edin burgh. Chapman and Schroder's quadrille bands are united for the occasion, and consist of a piano, two first violins, two second violins, viola violoncello double bass, two cornets, tenor trombone, flute, clarionet, bassoon, and French horn. Perhaps it may interest tome of our fair readers to see the programme of the dances, which we therefore sub join: - Overture— 'La Dame Blanche.' 1\. Quadrille—' Harvest Home.*' 2\. Waltz -'The Guards.' X Galop— 'Oipheus.' 4\. Lancers—' buke of Edinburgh.' 5\. Waltz- 'Satanelln.' B. Galop—' Morning Bell.' 7\. Polka-' Galatea.'1 8\. Quadrille — 'Erin.'* !». Waltz-' Prince Alfred.' 10\. Galop— 'Delight of the BalL' 11\. lancers— 'Hhine Wene.' 12\. 'Waltz-' EBacio.' 13\. Galop-' Gloriosa and Harmony.' 14 Volka Mazurka— 'Tricolor.' 15\. Q ladrille-' Bluebeard.' 11 Waltz -'Kathleen Mavourueen.' 17\. Galop— 'May Fair.' 18\. Polka-' Paul' 1». Lancers—' Xinney's New.' 20\. Waltz -'Mabel/ 21\. Galop -'Dundreary.' 22\. Quadrille—' Punch and Judy.' 2X Waltz-' II Trovatore.' 2i. p-jlop-'Xight BelL' The Far North.—We are informed by Mr. Percy Wells that about the 17th September 15 hours' heavy rain fell at Mount Margaret. On the 22nd and 23rd September it rained incessantly at Moolooloo. and was succeeded by a fall of snow which lasted two hours, covering the ground to the depth of nearly three inches. On nearly every station the shearing is interrupted, and the losses of shorn sheep from cold are in many cases heavy. We also learn by a letter from Mr. Swan, of An- gorichina, that snow fell there all Monday night, and lay upon the ground throughout the whole of Tuesday. TheGuusracua Fair.— Our local correspondent writes :— ' The Gumeracha Fair is postponed to a future date on account of the inclement weather. The digging match was a great success.' Agricultural and Horticultural Society. —The usual monthly Cooanittee meeting of this Society was held at the Norfolk Arms on Friday, October 4. Present— Mr. E. M. BaRot (in the chair), Hon. A. Blyth, Messrs. \Y. Thomson, G. McEwin, J. F. Pascoe, A. McKenzie, D. Lithgow, W. Murray, W. D. Wigzell. It. Smith, U. H. Haussen, J. Cobbledick, P. Cummin?, W. Huckett, W. Ferguson, J. T. Gray, J. Chambers, and E, Ward (Secretary). Letters were iead from Mr. J, Do Id, Yankalilla, and Mr. T. Dodd, GawlerTown, stating that as Old .Norfolk Hero had twice liefore taken the first prize at the Society's shows ol stock for the champion roadster stallion, he should have been awarded the retiring medal at the Show in August last, instead of the first piize, which should have been given to Young Noifolk Hero, in place of the second prize; and that, as there were only three entries in the class, it should have gone to Norfolk Cob. The meeting agreed with the opinion of Messrs. Dodd respecting the bcsl two horses, and the Secretary was instructed tc communicate with the J udgea to ascertain if the third deserved to receive the second prize. Tlu Sfirretorv mentioned that he had received a ver* large number of entries for the forthcoming Show, among them about 200 in the poultry and '3S/0ia the other live stock classes. Nearly every other class was well represented. The alteration of the Exhibition Building was completed, and all the arrangements were in good order. In reply to questions in reference to the age of the live stock exhibit?, the Chairman said he thought the age at the date of entry should be that taken into account on the occasion of the Show. He re marked that 6l entries had been received for dogB. Mr. McEwin pointed out the great necessity which existed for an alteration being made in the seventh rule, which was, that all agricultural aud horti cultural exhibits must be the property of the exhibitor. He thought that the word 'property'' should be altered to 'growth,' for otherwise a person might purchase fruit or flowers, show them, and obtain a prize, which would be very unjust, us the benefit intended to be given by the Society was to the grower of exhibits. A short discussion took place on this point, and Mr. McEwin inovid that a special meeting of the members of the Society be held to consider the advisability of altering rule 7. but the motion was lost The Secretary stated that there was a large and ex pensive collection of wax models of SjutU Aus tralian fruit, which had been exhibited at the Melbourne Exhibition, still in the hands of the Secretary, Mr, Knight. He thought as the season would not be one in which much fruit could be shown that it would be well, as these models were very perfect and beautiful, to have them exhibited at the Show, and therefore it would be advisable to ask the Chief Secretary to request Mr. Knight to forward the collection to the Government of this colony. The Committee approved of this idea, and it was resolved that the course suggested by the Secretary should be adopted. 2 he Secretary said he thought that it would be desirable to re quest the Managing Committee to obtain the consent of H.R.U. the Duke of Edinburgh to formally open the Exhibition and the building, as it would be the fust Show held in it since its im provement. A motion to this effect was carried. On a question being raised by Mr. Smith, it was resolved that the regulation requiring all articles exhibited to be the bona fide property of the exhibitor be strictly enforced. It wai decided that the Secretary obtain designs for a die of the Society's medal to submit to the next meeting. Several other small matters were disposed of, and the Committee adjourned. Supposed Death of the Rev. J. B. Tither inqtox.— A telegram from our Biverton corre spondent, which appears elsewhere, states that the Eev. J. B. Titherington, Church of England minister Btationed at that township, has myste riously disappeared, and that it is feared he has been drowned in attempting to cross the River light The impression that such is really the cau is confirmed by several circumstances. The rev. gentleman wrote a letter on Saturday last, Sep tember 28, in which he stated that he expected to be in town in a day or two. A letter received on Friday, October 4, by the Very Bev. the Dean from the Bev. Canon Coombs, at Gawlev, mentions that Mr. Titherington ' has been missing from home some days, and it is reported at Riverton that he has been drowned in the Light' The Light, which ii about 15 miles from Kiverton, between that township and Adelaide, has no doubt been greatly swollen by the recent heavy rains, and could not be crossed without danger. We under stand that on the intelligence reaching town on Friday, enquiries were made as to whether Mr. Titherington had visited any of hb friends either in Adelaide or Glenelg; but none of them could give any account of him. From particulars which we have been enabled to glean from hu friends, we learn that Mr. Titherington arrived in the colony from Liverpool in 1848, in the same ship as the Yen. Archdeacon Woodcock and the Rev. J. PoUitt He was then a Baptist, and a small body of worshippers of that persuasion, including a few seceders from the Rev. T Q. Stow'i Church, united together under his pastorate, and were accustomed to meet in a place known as McGowan's school* room, in Stephens-place. From various cansea the congregation declined, and within two years he resigned his chaige. We understand that Zion Chapel, Pulteney-street, was built about this time, and attempts were made by his friends to establish him there, but without success. After living in retirement f or =otne time with one or two of his private friends, among whom was the late Captain Allen, he went over to the Church of Eng land, and was ordained about the year 1819 or 1850 by His Lordship the Bishop. He was appointed pastor of St Peter's Church at Glepelg, where he remained for several years, winning the affection and respect of his parishioners. He was translated to All Saints' Churc«, Hindmarsh, in which he preached for some time, making occasional visits to the church at Salisbury. Ee was subsequently appointed pastor of Trinity Church, Riverton, where he has ever since officiated, as well as at the neighbouring churches within his circuit-St. Philip'e, at Belvi dere ; Emanuel, at Chinkford ; and St. John, at Auburn. At the time of his strange disappearance he was 59 years of age, and a widower without a family, his wife having died about a year ago. He was an excellent scholar, and a well-informed man. Though somewhat eccentric in his habits and conversation, he waa very generally respected by those with whom he came in contact The sad misfortune nhich seems to have overtaken him U greatly deplored by his friends. < Institute Lecture— Mr. F. Spiller on Friday evening delivered the first of the spring series of lectures in the reading room of the Institute on "Printing practically illustrated, with an account of it's rise and progress," Mr. C. Todd presided. > Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather the room was more than half ailed. The lecturer contrived to press into a reasonable space a very great amount of useful and interesting informa tion. After referring to t,he encouragement given by Ptolemy Philadelphui to the Athenians in the collection and transcription of ancient manuscripts the lecturer passed topidly over this dark ages to the revival of leiming and the uriiim of printing. The extreme dilliculty of determining with any degree of certainly the parentage and birthplace of the art he attributed to tho ciicum stance that the first who practise! 1 it did so with tne greatest possible secrucy to avoid opposition, and to enable them to sell thrir productions at high prices as genuine manuicrip'A und from the f.-ar that they might Iw accused of dealing in witchcraft or other more diabolical agencies. He inferred, from a review of all the reliable information at his command, that the b.ilance of evidence was in favour of tho OuttenbetKs of Meiitr. as the first printers of any note, though in all probability the Invention was not of European origin at all, but the udopiiou of an Eastern art, practised by the Chinese for innny centuries before it was introduced into Europe. There were, indeed, evidences of a rule kind of Drinting having been practised by the ancient Babylonians, and wr.ieh was somewhat siu.ilitr U» one of the very first primed wotks of modern times, named Tho 1W Man's Book, or tliu Book for l*oor Preacher*.' consisting of a series of rude engraviniM ami p.c:oiiul illustrations of the most remaikablu uvcuU recorded in the Bible. The luctuier next truced tho labours, experiments, mid iuvcnlioiin of Coster, John Guitenbcrg, Mcinilluu;, .Ihdhud, Faust, Sdioetfci. and other*, nnd desi.nl e-l the processes which led to the abtindomuviu of woodm blocks for movable types of wood, cut metal, mi 1 lumly of cast metal, with contrivunceh icmirtvd to for 'working oil the curliest printed lunik*. FmiHt and his suppose*! compact with the 'Kciitlemiiuin black' were of course rrfeirud to, aim the fuetg i,f the care succinctly stated, lie (Kiuihi) wm huh pected of being the ' printers' devil' tiaiiNposed, and was imprisoned for the htitioud ill'uiicc, but liberated on his disclos' iif thu cccrct - f hi* art A hit was mado tit thu Piotfclumists in u statement of the futile t)iidua-'oursol the Venetians in 14 '1 to protect their native industries in re spect to thu printing of playing curdi and colonial figures. Tim knowledge und practiio ol tho url of printing could neither be concealed nor coi. lined to any particular locality, but spread with Midi rapidity that iwfore tho close of the 15ih century the benefit* of the art were uhared by the inhabi tants of 22 J places; und n multitude of claiuiuul works wcie Riven t - the world ttuouuh its in»Uu mentality. In 1471, Ciixlon, a waive of the Weald of Kent introduced priutii g into England, hiving previously travelled through several Euro pean countries im the aimit of the Mercers' Company of London, of which \w «m u member. From U'l to W00, the imiml-m ut ;i5'- priuteu in Kniiland and Sjotluml weiu tcainlcri, uud from their presses were isitueit lD.OirtJ dwtinet woiks. Since then the multiplication ut printed boilis had inci eased to more thai a promutiic.il ruiio. The rxtreme ditliculty of producing a [Hinted work absolutely free from trnr wan iiiximicud in thu case of Bngst r's celebrated 1'olyglot ilihle, in tho fint edition of which three or four ttrors wcru din covered, though very great Iron Me, cure, und expense were used to ensure accuincy. Thu lecturer also referred to the rtlorta lumle fi-om lime to time, and the great amount of ingenuity uud skill which had been expended in tin; emicnvoui to dispense with the tedinuB process of teitinj type by hand. 'lhc»c attempts hud hitheito proved almost futile, but the inventive genius uf mail exerted in another direction hail pro duced the most marvellous results, liy n simple. and 'rapid proceHs of bteieotvpinit iiml the aid of machinery the almost inneili^le number of 240.-tk) copies may he produced per hour. Mr. Hplllur explained the proci-83 referred to above by uu-aiiu of a number of diagrama and ilnnviiiuH. and during the evening the following curious epitaph of thu father of English printing wiis hut up, walked oil, anil distributed :— 'CAXTON'HEFITAI'II. 'Of your charite pray fur tin- noul of Mayilur Willy am L'axtou, tli.it in liya tyiuu wn» a man of nvjche omute and luoche reiiuuuueil wysdumo and counyiijje, and dcceKud full crjBtenly the year uf our 1-ord ucoco xxxxt. Moderof Murciahyld him from thorrihul fyud And biyng hyni lolylf tternul that iicui liaih j nil.' A vote of thanks to the lecturer was accorded with acclumulion. Normi Adelaide Ue.umnu Room. — A very pleasing entertainment was ghuii in tho Tempe rance Hull on Friday evening, October I, in aid of a lteading-koum and Mecliaiikd' Institute lately formed in North Adelaide. The pro^ramms, a very lengthy one, comprised addresses by thu Kev. S. Knight, thu Hon. J. II. lt.inow, and Mr, J. M. Uowic, a reading by Mr. W. A. HugliCH, song by Miss Hughes (who was loudly encored), and several soluj and part soii^'i hy iMebsrn. Lyons, Saint, Searle, and Wiedenliofer, recitations by Messrs. Pmiuallu and 11. Wliinhaui, und a hoIm on the harmonium by Mr. Hed|.'c«, who also pre sided at the pianoforte. Tim uddnwM vvero excel lent, the musical part of tho rutertiiiiiuieiit was admirably sustained, and thu cll'orU of nil who contributed to the pleasure of thu evening wcru entirely sim'^ful, judging from thu opinion expressed by tho audi^nc?, who appuurud heaitily pleased. Some litt'e disappointment tm felt that the Hon. the Treasurer, who was In huvu picHided, was unsili'ti til Iib nr(!Mi;nt thrn-L'!i illni'HM lint Him chair, in his absence, was ably filled by Mr 0. 1(- JCictmr. son. Thu Kev. K. lteid, and Mennm K. A. Tarlton, N. lllyib, und V. 11. (inoilu wuro also to take part in the proceeding, but weru unable to attend 'J he result of tho enlertiiinmcnt ^ Mill ii'i doubt be sattKfacuiiy to thu Committee in a Uuaucial point of view, as tlu hall wux crowded on thu occasion. Thu procuulinitN closed withvoten of thanks to thu ludics and ueiilleincn who assisted dming the evenia;;, ami to thu Chairman. The Puiscii'a llECErnoN at Ktiisev. — A deputation of (.'uutleinun representing uuixt of thu Steam Navigation Companies of thu colony waited upon thu Colonial Secretary, at his oltku, yesterday (i'lrd September), for thu purpouc of conferring with Mr. 1'arkun in reference to the arrangements to bo made for receiving tho royul personage who is shortly expected to visit our shores. Thu deputation haviim been introduced, Captain Troutou said the present deputation, con sisting of the Managers of mom of the Htuam Navigation Companies in ttydmy, hud, wiih oihcrn who were absent, formed tin insdvis into u Com mittee to maUe arrangements for a duiuoiiHlratimi on the occasion of the expected vk;t of the Duku df Edinburgh, and they hud added In thu lint Captain liixson, the Superintendent of Pilots. It appenred to them that in making thu tjixcuHiiry arrangements they Hhould huvu thu imuUiou ami authority of the Government, or their arrangements would not have the denim! force. Thi-ir present intention wax, on the approach of the Uuku'H ship, to go outside thu Huaiis um far a* liotnuy, with a large fleet of Rteam-vu^HulH, in two divisions, to meet the Duke and escort him into the harbour ; and they thought that the regulations of tho harbour should be suspended for the decision, iih any sailing vessel coming up the harbour might break the procession, and cause inconvenience not only to the fleet of steamers, but to tho .DukcVtdiiti also. They aluo desired to havu thu Hiippurl of the Government in supplying them with anchors buoys, and warps, and thu necessary authority to buoy oil' a square mile of the harbour, in order to have sufficient clear spice— as tho harbour would be crowduJ with craft of all kinds -fur th-s Duke's ship to come to anchor, and for the fleet to perform the necessary evolutions in. Tho number of anchors required would be about u dozen, anil hu had no douiit that there were asulileient number, together with the necessary buoys and warps, m store in the Harbour Department. '1'bere would bo no cost attached to it, as the Committee desired the Government to lend them only for the occasion. Boats might be permitted to hang on to the wurpn. and thun the piuturesqueness of tho scone would be improved. They also desired the Government to lend them sufficient flags of the pattern that the Duke sailed under, in order that ench of the steam fleet might fly the fUg at the fora roynlinasthead on the occasion of the demonstra tion. They also desired the Government to nisiko such arrangements as were necessary to (if certain what time the Duke'i ship would leave Melbourne, and the probable time of her arrival here, and give notice of the same to ihe Committee of Mani^e ment, in order that the necessary arrumtemeiiU for going out to meet the Luke might be made. He did not expect His Koyal Highness would arrive here by the 6th of November; in hin opinion it would not be far from the 5th of . December when he arrived. HU Koyal HighneHH had been due at Adelaide some days. Captain Hixson had been appointed Commodore of the fleet for the day, and he (Captain Trouton) had tho honour to be appointed his vice. They could not, however, state tho exact number of iteam-vesseln that would be available. He had guaranteed six vessel* of the A.8.N. Company, but there would probably be nine. They would run their vcshcU b-i as to have as many a* poudble available in Sydney on that day. Mr. Parken expressed a hope that every precaution against accident would be taken. The Government would give the Httjiun Companies all int assistance they could, as they desired to i«e tin* mode of welcoming the Prince carried out as successfully as possible. He had taken a note of the various points brought under his notice, and he would lay them before his colleague*, and com municate the result to Captain Tiouton an early an possible. The deputation, having thanked Mr. Farkes for his attention to their wishes, then with drew.-S.2l/. Herald. Thz Gale ok the South Coast.— All tho papers report severe weather and a terrific gale from the South-East Ioxt week, and iu some districts considerable damage has been done to the crops and other property. Snow is reported to have fallen at Kyneton and other places. The Belfast Gazette says :— "One of the most terrific south-easterly gales which has been experienced off this portion of the western coast set in on Sunday last, and continued until Wednesday morning. On Monday night it was blowing a perfect hurricane, and we regret to state that the damage done was very considerable. In the country places trees were uprooted, and about town we noticed houses had been partially unroofed and several fences blown down. In the bay were two vessels, the John McDouall Stuart and the Eliza Goddard ; the latter was exposed to the full force of the aale. When the Harbour-Master boarded her he found that her chains were very old and small, and re- commended the captain to keep to sea. On Monday evening, at half-past 6, she parted her cable, and drove somewhat further in towards the shore, and, though additional tackle had been laid on, at about 11 she had neared the breakers, and her position was then considered very critical. She continued to hold until about half-past 6 o'clock on Tuesday morning, when she came on shore. The crew were landed by a small boat belonging to the vessel being warped ashore." The Western Times of Thurs day Hays that 'about 8 o'clock on Tuesday evening, the 21th, the schooner Lady llobilliard parted from her anchors in consequence of the heavy nco, and drifted ashore. The cupuin and crew remained on ; her during the whole of the night, and were taken I from the vesfiel in thu morning by means of tho i rocket apparatus. Up to the present time nothing has iK-cn done to cut her otl'fioiu her present i position, but it is noped that she will bo got off 1 without any very serious danage.' It in satisfac tory to know that no cataMrophu has occurred at Port McDonnell ihrcuinuout the talc— JlfouHt Gambitr iUawIanl, October 10. 