The Championship of the Thames. [Abridged from Bell's L\fe In lomlon.'] Immediately on the present matoh boing made both men commenced active operations. With Chambers this wns no easy task, as. ho had accumulated a largo amount of super fluous flesh, but this rapidly disappeared as usual under tho no ordinary tasks which he , has been in the habit of settine himself, and. in oompany with Jack Clasper, ho daily prao tised hard on the Tyno, uutil ho left his na tive town a fortuight before tho raco, whon he took up his quarters at Mr. Henry Salter's, the Feathers, Wandaworth, in company with W. Oldham, to whom, in company with T. Clasper, ho is principally indebted for hia ox cellent condition. On Tuesday week Jack Clasper also came up, and subsequently old Harry, who had been unwell, arrived on tho scone, aud accompanied by bo excellent a staff, Chambers ranidly improved, and eamo to the post weighing list 7!l-, and looking something like tho Bob of past days ? h« nnturallylooked old, which severe prepara tiou at his ago will necessarily entail, but lie was very coulideut, uiid hiB triala, we under stand, gave every prospect of his making it ~ no easy task for Sadler to beat him. 'Sadler ?: (JoBBph Henry) being always in gnod con- \ difcion, had less difficulties before him, and - under Harry Kcllcy's caro was soon in perfect - '?' trim. During tho last fortnight ho trained a '; little off, but tho fresh breezes on Brighton f Downs soon restored him to perfect health, ti and he came to tho post in Bplendid condition. - He rowed in tho samo boat iu which Kclley beat Hatnill, built by Jowitt, while Cham- t hers '^sed a new ono constructed by Harry i Claspor. Mr. J. Ralph, of Dalo place, Wands- - worth, manufactured the sculls for both » men. « Tho morning of tho race was gloomy and i chcerlea3 enough, with a heavy fog hanging °t about the river, but it might have been much. t worse, and, as it was, it cleared considerably t towards mid-day. Wo havo nothing to add '? - to our usual observations on theso ocensious — / the crowd was, as usual, very large, and f thero wero eight steamboats, all very full. ' The starting and finishing points presented t their usual appearance, and perhaps Ham- ?' mersmilh Bridge wns moro crowded than t we over Baw it, and those who had taken. ' their stand thero wero gratified by witness- » ing tho grandest race ever seen for thu title. ? Betting, which had beon 2 nnd 3 to 1 in Sadlers favour, had changod in consequence * of Chambers looking so well, and 10U to 80 i was on Tuesday all that was offered, Cham- i bora's party standing out. On Wed- - nesday, however, Sadle/s division making ' no advance, a largo sum of monoy was put ! on, and 5 to i waa freely accepted on 5 tho morning of tho race. Half-post ono was J fixed upon as tho hour of starting, and five- ,1 minutes before that time Sadler put off from SiramondB's yard, quickly followed by ' * Chambers ; after exhibiting themselves to on i admiring crowd for a fow minutes they rowed | down towards tho Aqueduct, accompanied by * their cutters. Stephen Saltor was cspe- £ cially retained, according to custom, to p.lot c- Chambers, young Clasper steering his cutter, I while Sadler was waited upon by IColloy, ind I the cutter was .steered by Tom Pocotk. I Tlioy stopped just ahead of . tho stcrnmost - steamers, Chambers in tho best place, and \ having stripped they oaoh went out for a 1 short spurt, and. followed by their cutters -J took up positions afresh immediately oppo- - aite Itho Duke's Head, it having been ar- ..'.' ;! ranged that, this should be clone, in order / that tlie steamboats might bo behind at tho I start,! and Boine of thorn .were. There wai t but little tide and a , light wind blew from 4 N. W., necessitating slight right hand labour r at thu start.. At length a loud shout from i the assembled multitude announced' that ( This Back had commenced at 1;4C 15, and it commenced, too, in some earliest, for the paco was.. bo great that tho steameru wero * rapidly left behind. Chambers acting n.e- t cording to instructions, and having a full np- r * preciation . of ' Sadler's starting powers, j dashed 'away with tho lead, and as they. ' passed Siminons's showed a third of his 1 ? length ahead. Ho was rowing in his old, * grand form, while Sadler seemed Bomowhat ' .ttBtouishedat being headed, and was conse quently stiff. Opposite the London Bo-it l Houae, Chambers was nearly half hia own. ' length in' front, hut almost immediately J afterwards Sadler recovering spurted Bplen- ' didly, and drawing up level, showed a leid » of half a length, just post tho Bishop's ' Croek. '? Bob did not vary his stroke, which. * was 34 to the minute, and - was ablo by his * great power to hold Sadler for a time, but * tho paco of the' other was too much for the; 'old j'un,' and gradually 'succumbing, * Sadler, after carefully watching his opportu- -\ nity, drew across him, and took his water, '* and a gap of about a yard' separated thoin ' 'i abreast of the Point, where ' Sadler, seen for * the first timo to the best advantage, was ob- ' served to bo rowing 35 to ono minute, and '' neyor before during his career exhibited any- ' thing liko the brilliant form and splendid * sculling which was now apparent to all. ~ The effort his late manoeuvre had cost him, J .however, prevented him drawing away at ?* any speed, so that there was not more than i a third of a length between the boats as they * possodtho Dung Wharf, whoro they had begun. 'I to sheor out. Sadler had increased ting to , ' nearly haU a length 50 yards further on, then ?' Chambers drew a little, and then there wns a sensible falling off in both, for the pace hid * ^ been without exception tho greatest e%er J 'shown ! by* any of our own men, and was 'J scarcely, wo should think, exceeded even by ' j the rapid sculling of tho Australian Green. ' Tho hindmost steamers now drow closei up, * and in the middle of tho shoot nearly hall a a length separated the men, both being fairly J exhausted with their previous efforts. Now * camo the time that good judges had spoken ' Oof when it was to be demonstrated w hothtr * Chambers's wind was as good as ever, and i£ '? so, whether Sadler, althoughsomuchyoungcr, ,* could stand agauist tho determined rowing of; ^ Bob. Just at this moment it was clearly a ' question of second wind, and it might reason- '} ably have been expected that -Sadler would ^ recover his first. Chambers, however, in '^n. romaining behind, had no doubt left moro in him, and accordingly he was the first to shako * off the early effects of exhaustion, and whon they were nearly opposito the Crab Tree ho 3 collared his man, aud drew right on to his i stern, when a wave from the tugs ahead { throw him back a trifle ; although distressed, { howovor, ho was not porceptibly flurried, s while Sadler was, on tho contrary, not sr- I steady as ho had beon. Rccovored from this slight check, Chambers again challenged \ Sadlor immediately opposito the Crab Tree, ,f. and drew throo or four feot over his stern, .; but Sadler put on so splendid a spurt aa to J place a gap of half a length between them in \ three or four strokes. ' Chambers now pulled ? ? ? his loft, and camo inside Sadler on tho tow- C rath side. As they passed tho Soap Works barge Sadlor was rowing immediately in front » of him, and still about half a clear length j separated them, but whilo thero was no al- \ toration in Chambere's grand atyle,'it was ^ ovident that Sadler's had lost much of that ;- ' beauty which had characterised earlier parts i of his rowing, it was shorter and moro ? laboured, and this was moro particularly ' rr evident whonovor ho was collared, although , ho continued to ply his sculls with great -/ vigour. Tho easier rowing of Chambers, ;.f although astern, warranted tho supposition '.' Z that ho could spurt up whenever ho pleased, ? » andthoonlyquestionremaiiungwas.eouldSad- ' JT leransworhim? After loaving tho Soap Works - Chambers reduced tho gap between them to - a quartor of a length, but finding thero wore *? too many boatB in his way along the Bhoro he \ pulled his right and camo out, Sadlor follow- ' j ing him. , Chambors, not to be denied, now v showod another fmo pioco o£ rowing, and - ngain camo ovor Sadler s stern, and this timo - .Too could not got away, and although he wns ? } trying all he knew, the spectators from - tho bridge could seo Chambers gradually drawing up until immediately under tha bridge his boat's nose was within a foot oE Sadlor s washboard. In preeisoly those posi tiona thoy reached tho bridge, timo 9 min. 12 ? 7 soc. It was observed horo that thoy wero ??''???;& close together, Chambers scarcely having 'Cut. scullroom to pass Bomo boats which lay on - tho south sido of tho steamboat dummy, . ~v while between Sadlor and tho shore thero . ',{ was olear room for another sculler. For a j moment tho steamers lost them, and whon 3 thoy came out from tho bridge tho two boats ^ wore found to bo in collision under tho --.£ bridge, Sadler's boat being across that of di Chambers's, whoso noso pointed outwards ?,& towards tho Middlesex shore, while ho was ? Vp aa cloap to tho insido of tho buttresB as Bo .'a possibly could bo. Both men stopping to 'i,\ claim, the steamersworo ono aud all instantly ,\ level with or in front of them, and whon ? \i Sadler drew clear ho was nearly in a lino ft with the upper Bide of tho buttreas, Avhich -'i will give an accurate idea of the positions o£ tho two men at tho time. Sadlor, aa wo havo -i said, was away first, half a clear length or !rr more, but Chambers immediately collaring :£ him, drew over him again, and although -I S»dler succeeded in spurting away it ueeinei. ^ clour to all that Chamber's iron frame an* ' constitution woro wearing down tho lew '.' matured pluck and skill of his opponent. ' ? After Sadler had drawn olear he went wide, i but finding Chninbers againcoming up on the ' outside he pulled his right hand acroBO him, '{ aud with a alight g»p tU»y rowed » huwlrc* -i yards,. and then Chambers drew on Ma stern ?? JBain«; striking his canvas with his scull Certain it 13 that Sadler succeeded again in drawing away slightly, and there -waa per fcapj a yard between them, Chambers again *-eiug on the outside, -when this magnificent *ace .vras put a stop to by the infamous con ouct of tho masters of the tugs Ariel and ? Bwan. These, as usual, so far from fol lowing the excellent examples set them from time to time on thoTyne, and oblivious cf the many earnest requests put forward that each: mau might have a fair course, steered ? SV?n Up iu fr0Dt- and a^wast of the Oil Wills, the wash from the two we hare named ?am? rolling across the bows of the steamers, none b£ whom were more; than level with the «ne»; and struck full upon the starboard side ©f Ghambera'sboat, upheaving her ona giant wave some two or three feet above Sadler. WitH great dexterity he contrived to keep his seat,. although a cry of consternation was beard around, but Sadler, to whom the same would havo happened had their positions been .altered, had time to draw away four or live lengths before Chambers could right him self- - Both men ijuietty rowed the remainder ©f the distance, and Sadler reached the Ship at Mortlake four or five lengths ahead. Time, 2a rain. 9} sec. The referee, Mr. John Ire land '(London Rowing Club), who was ac companied by Harry Clasper as umpire for Chamber?, and J. Messenger for Sadler, was . fortunately immediately Hi the wake of the men at Hammersmith Bridge, and on being appealed to at once decided in favour of Chambers, a decision which seemed to givo general satisfaction. i ' '.?? Remarks. This match, the finest while it lasted that lias ever perhaps beeri rowed for the Cham pionship, places hi a prominent light the ex treme-im[-ortauce of having a gentleman like Mr. Ireland to iill the office of referee. Of quick. perception, well versed in all river matters, combining the strictest impartiality with tho lirraest resolution, from no one else, perhaps; would the verdict which ho had to give on Thursday have been received with Bttch silent deference and such universal con fidence. The race also adds another to ' the numerous former proofs of the folly of start iiig so Jong as nny steamers are lying ahead. In the present iustance not much incon venience was caused to the men before the match iwa3 virtually at an end, but this waa only an accident, is few on board could have knownthnw matters really stood, even if they yero at all aware of tho foul, and therefore it is clear that the chances of the rowers, if not their lives, would have been materially and recklessly imperilled all tho samo. WitS regard to the rowing of Chambers, it is only .necessary to remark that, if not quite up to his former well-known form, he was Vf ry little short of it, and that there are still tmt fe\y that can approach him. As usual, lie was . not at home till he got his second wind, but that achieved, he sot to work to tiarass his man, giving him no rest, and cvi ? dently ^waiting only the opportunity, when bo had.ro'.ved him down, to tako tho lead at .pleasure. Never was seen better or cooler generalship, nud never was a well-conceived scheme more unfortunately .marred. His boat was unworthy of him. It is a very old - failing, tuoijgli a. very strange one, that oars- ? men, whether amateurs or professionals, never sjem to know whether they are row in a proper craft — a craft that carries them — or not. -: ? . With.respact to. Sadler, who has been so Suddenly .advanced to prominence— too sud flenly to.be quito fair to his merits : it will be sufficient to. say that at times: ho would be tnkon for a, very excellent sculler, at times Cor a very indifferent one ; in other words, he wants the evenness of (inish so requisite for any great performance. But for him there is yet plenty of time, plenty of hope, and let there be plenty of honest ambition. He will havo greatly added to his friends by hi-3 con duct throughout this race ami tho prepara tion for. it — friends who, if he pursues this painstaking course, will be well justified in backing him again. Few have made so great a beginning matched with so great a rival. ' ? ; ? Ths subject of accompanying cutters may fcere be not out of place. Although at immi nent risk to themselves, they at present ?ervo as a somewhat doubtful screen to the Competitors lying botween them and the hostile steamboats ; but should these enemies fee ever, entirely disposed of the cutters themselves should be done away with. No TODp will jireteml that all the points of water manship have been tested so long as any help from without is permitted. Chambers requests ustostate, as hohas now rowed no lew than 117 races, out of which he haa woirover 100, and as he has again had tho gratification of styling himself Champion ©f the Thames, he positively retires into pri vate life,' and therefore it will bo useless for anyone to challenge him. Ho leaves town to- day, and the stakes- will bo handed over at his house, tho King's Head, St. Anthony's, Newc.istte-oii-ryue, a fortnight hence. £20 jras collected on the steamers for Sadler. Champions of the Thames. Chab&ei; Cami-bell, Westminster, born 180j, beat Williams, £30, Westminster to Hammersmith, 9th September, 1831 ; beat K.-Coombea, £100, Westminster to Putney, 42 min., 1st November, 1888 Kobep.t Cooi.ip.es, Millbank, born 1808, beat Campbell, £20H, Putney to Mortlako, 26 min. 13 see, 19th August, 1840; beat It NeiveDj Battle Brid-.-o, £200, Putney to Mortlake, 23 mm. 40 sec, lOthSeptombor, 1817 ; beat T, Mackinncy, Richmond, £400, Putney to Mortlake, 27 min. 30 sec, 7th May,' 1S51. Thomah Gmle, Chelsea, beat It. Coombos, jfrMO, Putney to Jlortlnke, 25 min. IS sec, 24th May, 1852; beat R. Coombes, £400, Putney to MortlaUo, 23 min. 35 sec., 14th ' October, 1*52. . James ArtTiiait Messbnoeh, Teddington, beat Thamas Cole, £400, Putney to Mort lake, 2i mill. 45 sec, 20th November, 1651\. '??? Henry- Krixrv, Tulham, beat Messenger, £400, Putney to Mortlake, 24 min. 30 sec, ]2t!i May, 1057 ; beat Boherfc Chambers, . ' Newcastle, £400 nnd a bet of £300 to £200 on Chambers, Putney to Mortlako, 23 min. ? 27 see, 8th August, 1865. \ jaonKirr CiiAV.BKiia, Newcastle, boat U. Kolk-y/JUOO, Putney to Mortlake, 25 miu. 25 sec.; 20th September, 1859; beat Thomas' WliitH, Bermondsoy, £400, Putney to Mortlnko, 23 min. 25 sec, 18th Septem ber, 1SBI) ; beat George William Everaon^ Greenwich, .2400, Putney to Mortlako, 25' miii.27 sse.,14tli April, 1803 ; beatltichard Augustus Willoughby : Green, £400, Putuovto' Mortlake, 25 nun. '15. sec, 16th June, '1363 '; beat Joseph Sadler, Putney, £400, PiitiiHVto Mortlako, 25 min. 9.1 sec, 22ud N6rember, I860.' Wnrc»f »?' 'broker Io3es all his money, he i' Aead broUo', but when he dies hois ( a dead 'couldn't Fiughtkn Heu.— THn Lajciyelte find.) Cou, {«- tulla on amublug story of soino ladies nud gents of that pluce, who wero takii!' a aochil walk noar tho cemetery, when & chost mijwiiredi Thuy all ran but one young woman of thu istvon^-minded class, who stood fcer grouwl -till the ghost got to her. feho : then seizwl and thrashed out of disguise a ' »nischii-von3 follow who had heard' the pro ject of vnlkius about tho graveyard dm . Cussed, arifVhid' himself to givo tho party a ' fright. Sho 1«1 him back to tlie house, and in roi)ly totiie questious that poured in.upon ker said : J ' Curb fool mo! Pva seen too ?tnany melt iu sheets /.to; be :'frjghtpned , at them I' .' ' ';'.'; '.', ?, , ' '._?,. '.,-,:?,?,-. . ? ? 