WESLEYAN NEW CHURCH, PERTH. ? ?? v [From the Inquirer and Commerical News, Oct. 30] For a lengthened period the Wesleyan Methodist of Perth have felt great inconvenience arising from the incapacity of their present building to accommo- date those who wish to attend the Sabbath Services and the Sunday School. To meet the necessities of the case, it was proposed to erect a new Church, and to employ the existing chapel as a Sunday School- room, in addition to the buildings at present used for that purpose. It was announced by public advertise- ment that the Corner Stone of the new Church would laid by His Excellency the Governor on Thursday, the 24th instant. The morning of that day wore a somewhat discouraging aspect ; rain fell at intervals, and many augured an uncomfortable cere- mony. However, despite the wind and wet, the city at an early hour assumed a gay appearance — many gay flags decorating the locality. About half-past eleven the rain ceased, to the gratification of all in- terested, in the ceremony. A few minutes before noon, His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Mrs. Hampton and the Private Secretary, drove to the site of the New Church, where they were received by the Revs.. Messrs. Lowe, Laurance, Johnston, lnnes, and Traylen, with J. W. Hardey, Joseph' Harder, A. Helnuch, and B. R. Jewell, Esqrs. In the back- ground of the platform the Sunday-school children were placed on an elevation, which gave them a good position ; 'and with the numerous spec- tators surrounding the area completed the interest ing scene. The devotional exercises were opened by the Rev. W. Lowe giving out the Hymn in the Wesleyan collection; commencing-with- — 'Tihou who hast in sion laid the true foundation stone.' The Rev. J. M. Innes then read the 24th Psalm; after which the Bev. J, Johnston offered a most appropriate prayer. Mr. George Shenton then an- nounced that the bottle to be placed under the Stone contained the following documents on vellum :- 'The Corner Stone of this Church was laid by His Excellency J. S. Hampton, Esq. Governor of this colony ; October 24th, 1867. The Rev. W. Lowe, Resident Wesleyan Minister, Perth, and Chairman of the District ; the Rev. T. C. Laurence, Geraldton, Champion Bay ; the Rev. W. Traylen, York; the Rev. H.Gand, President of the Australian Confer- ence; the Rev. J. Bedford, President of the British Conference. Trustees.— Messrs. J. W. Hardey, Joseph Hardey, O. Lazenby, G. Johnson, J. Clarkson, A. Hehnicb, B. B. Jewell, O. Bell, G. Shenton, S. S. Evans, B. W. Hardey, and S. T. Mitchell. Architect. — B. B. Jewell, Esq.' Copies of the Western Australian newspapers, and a coin of the realm, were also deposited in the cavity in the stone. The Rev. W- Lowe, addressing His Excellency, ?dd;— 'As the resident Wealeyau Minister of Perth it deroiveB upon me to address Your Excellency in- the name of the Ministers, Trustees, and Members of the Wedeyan Church in Perth, I thank Your Excel lency for the kind tr«'t'»r in which yon received the deputation who waited upon yoa to request Your. SxceQsney to lay the Corner Stone of this Church, and also for your compliance with their wishes. We fed grate&l; to Your Excellency for the interest yon lave ever evinced in the promotion of religion among tbe youftful portion of oar congregation, as shown m your annual visit to die Sabbath School, on the amnversary day ;' and also for our success as a Church in ourjendearours to advance the spiritual interests of our fellow-colonists. I toast that this day's 'Wff'j will ever be to Your Excellency a pleasing xennmscenee of the part yon now take in laying tins comer atone of a house in which the Most High shall be adored, and the gtorioas truths of the Gospel proriainwd, long after we, who are now parti* ^wj*^i«M in tfae solemnities of this hour, shall have passed away from the earth. I have now the honor to request that Your Excellency will be pleased to bytlielakaae.? . : .. ? The Ber. W. Traylen said : — ' May it please Your £xeeBency,— By arrangement of the Trustees of this feaaSag, [IhnebeenTeatMBtod to state, that in accord ance with the wishes of fhe late lamented Mr. Geonje- Shenton-(who was a Trustee and the principal doBor towards this erection), and also of his respected wioow,' the name of this place of worship ahall be Wirier Church.' - ' A surer trowel, having the front elevation of the ?nt*M-a Church engraved On ft and the following iMtTJjMiati, was then, in an appropriate address, prensted to His BxceBencr by Mr. Joseph Hardey:— Presented To Hi* &xeeDeney-.;& Hampton. Esq., Governor of Western Australia. On laying (the Foundation Stone of Wesley Church, Perth. W. A. t October tt, ISO?. Mr. J. W. Hardey, in suitable terms, presented His Excellency with an exceedingly chaste and bean* tafid naOet made- of- oar native sandal-wood and jmybeuy jam, manufactured by W. Miller and Co, aa w»ah» the trowel, ... ; The arrangements for laying fhe stone, under the aftleuperiQtendenceof B. B. Jewell, Esq., assisted bj Mr. Britain, Da&der;, were all tint could be The Governor, with the usual formalities, then mSA s— ' I lay. this comer stone of a Wesleyan Church in- which God is to be worshipped, in the name of the Fatter, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' His ScecOency then apoke wiUi a solemnity of manner which eriaaad: his steong feeling of the pleasure ]» .^experienced in being engaged in tie interesting ceremonies of the day, of tbe vitality of the services condacted in the We4eyan Church, and of the pleasure itafferded hint to v«t their large and prosperous Sabbath SchooL It would ever afford him much gra&ncatkm.; tolookhack upon that day. A verse was then song, commencing with — 'Fwm«ntli«tdweU below the ekles Leftbe Creater's praise arise.' After :whkh- tiwfoQowuig statement was made by tbe Bev. W. Lowe:— 'We are met under most auspicious circumstances, sod are engaged in one of the most solemn and inter esting services that can occupy the mind of man. This day we formally lay the comer stone of a house lor God. 'And will God indeed dwell with man upon tfae earth ? the heaven of heavens cannot con tain Him — how much less ther&ouse; that we build ? ' Kererthejesa, He has. said. '.wherever my name is recorded I will come onto yoo and bless you.' And *I w31 glorify the house of my glory/ 'Thai, which is for as a great undertaking, has been nrH'H by the long continued demand for sittings in oar present chapel which could not be supplied, snd. by tile overcrowded state of our Sabbath Sehool room. The successive stages of advancement which hste led to- the present important andertakiiig may be described* in a few words. *? ? \- Soon after ihe foundation of the colony, in 1829, several by-preachers connected with tins church '—»— Mruwii open-air services on the Sabbath-day — preaching the Ward of God to as many as could be tj^yfrt hfgfiipfe. TbJs course was followed by the +Tfffj$n* of asmaS chapel which would hold about 4Q;jiNple«. .??? la 1840 a minister wa* appaintod to take charge trf ihff rnftitt Hmnili. rrrriti'y; **'*' ** an members. ..'Eor upwards of 10 years the few Wedeyans at that time in the colony were ander the cave of fay ?jcfchetB only. Much credit is doe to the men who for Belong a period devoted their time and talents to ti»» Came =of God, and who, in tiw absence of a ~.i..z.t*~l cooM gather a congregation and build a OttpOi regularly holding religious services, and pro nbe^as *r as they coold, the best interesU of ^Ihe cbipel we are about to vacate was built in ISfiC Ifc has over 300 sittings, and for the last 35 yean has served its purpose welL Of this build tag it is intended to- make a school-room. This, iHth-Sft present school-room, will give accommoda tion for about 600 children. . «The43b«rch of which we now toy the corner stons |s abo«tr8i ft. and 46 ft. in the clear. It will con tain GDO sittings, and when finished will, we believe, he substantial, neat, commodious, and no disgrace to tfae city of Perth.' \- 1. brief summary of Westeyan doctrines was then given. The rev. gentleman then said:— 'For long y-SMfe coma, these great gospel tnrtJawillbe preached stt tUs Cborch; :and tiuoogh these truths, proclaimed nx faith, wnpBcity, andthepower of the Holy Spirit of God, atsay who shall hear them will, we hope nd believe, be turned 'from the power .of Satan uto God.' I cannot conchtde these brief statements without reference to oar departed friend the kte ~€b Sbenton, Esq. To his princely donation of £1,000 'mania a great measure indebted for oar present /????!» ^y iiiLUng this Cbarcb. A fppirng of profound xespset ftw his meaioryk cherished by all of us; and «««re devoutlythankful to God for raising tap such * ana to perpetoate His great work of saving men br a pnachadeospel long after the honored instru aeni is removed to a better world. «*Tbe cost of thUbtnTdm&iiiriaflingthganiomri; paid for tfae land, £400, wffl be about £3,000. \- Towards ttps «na we have promises to the amount atetfOO. We have yet to raise £1,300. 'AstheTnateesaredeternuoednottobardenthi 'ftrsstwitfa a heavy debt, strenaoas eftbttswill be ^tepmttitaeaaplato the Chorea- without involving tfaensataa n UsbiEtiei which the faads will noi aieeL The Bev. T. C. Lanrance, of Champion Bay. said — ' May it please yotir- Excellency-: the w&k; weengage inhere to-day is most important; the word foandatidn is: suggestive; for as it is laid will be the Security of thfe;snper8tructtire, whether we Bpeakrof a bouse,' a palace, a colony, a state* or a church. Now die Church of Christ, we maintain; is one and indivisible, and is composed of those Who have truly repented of sin and trusted solely in the merits of Christ for salvation ; thus are they ' built upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief Corner Stone.' 'Beautiful as was the Crystal Palace— sparkling like a gem in Heaven's sunlight — more ^beautiful in Godi sight is a temple of Grace, a material structure erected for His worship; but most beautiful before Him is a converted man, devoted to His service— a living temple, consecrated by the indwelling Jehovah; as Jesus hath said, ' If a man love me, he will keep my commandments, and my Father will love him, and We will come unto him, and make Oar abode with him.' ' We fervently pray that this house of prayer may never become a mausoleum, or a receptacle, for dead souls,— but a place where, by God's power in the ordinances of religion, men shall be quickened, sanctified, and thus made living temples' of the Holy: Ghost. Amen.' ; It was then requested that those friends who had collected parses, or who had donations to present towards tbe Building Fund, would now place them on the corner stone. The following ladies then' placed purses on the stone :— Mrs. Mitcuel1,£2; Mrs'.' Jewell, £3 3s.; Mrs. Iiowej £10 3s.; 'Sirs. Joseph Harder, £21 Is. lid.; total, £36 7s: II. £-on»tious. —Mrs. J; W. Hsjrdeyj £00 j Mr. aad Mrs. Robinson,' £2 2s.; Mr. Henry Blacfc, £1 ; an Old Friend, £1 j total, £34 2s. tea' Meetings, £21 il-s.6d. Total receiv^, P2 Qs. 5d.^ The'2r»tional AntBem was well sung by the cbi}di|a.jj)nder the able 'leadership of Mr. 8, T.' Mitch^.' The benediction was then pronounced, SITt^\ vtajB fljffiyjwTrjJy lpft U16 ffl'OTITin- ^e^^s^rpceediiigs were terminated by a tea saeerang, wfiich was well and respectably attended.' On the following day the juvenilea were regaled with cake and other good things that remained uncon Eumed at the tea-meeting. ' : . The style of the building is Early English. The inside clear dimensions are 81 feet by 45 feet/ There will be a chancel 17 by 12 feet; making the total length from east to west in the clear 94 teet. The chancel will be lighted by a three-light window, and the chnrcb. with 12 two- light windows. The front facing William Street will be nearly filled with a large window, divided into four lights, and the head filled in with tracery, over which in the gable there is a large circular rase window. The church will be entered from .this street by a neat porch at the north angle, and through the tower at the south angle. The tower, which is three storeys, will be surmounted with a spire, the total height of which from the ground will be 100 feet. 