THE BRITISH CAPTIVES IN ABYSSINIA. The interest which would, in ordinary circumstances, have been excited by the publication of additional Papers relating to the Abyssinian affair, whicn nave been printed in return to the address of the House of Commons on the subject,'will be vastly increased by the tidings just 'received of the escape of the prisoners out of the hands of the Emperor Theodoras. The correspondence now added to the already voluminous documents before the public extends to the number of 160 letters,:besides enclosures; and the datep range from November 9, 1865, to July 27 in thiis year. The more recent of the communi- ' cations are those addressed to Lord Stanley hy persons of enterprise, having a knowledge of the country in which the missionaries are or were. held captive, together with his lordship's replies. The suggestions and offers of personal service made by Captain W. Parker Snow are the most striiriBg^points of these later documents. . Cap- Snow renes in a great degree on his power of disguising himself, and proposes to enter Abyssinia from the east. as an Arab.- Adverting to his many extraordinary dealings with " the most atvage races of mankind," lie says: " It may appeajrabsurdto relatehow—sometimes as an acrobat,'then a medicine man, next a grave reader of -the'stars, or a laughing merry-andrew, but always kindjand gentle-as -well is firm—I have women, (no matterAow^ufely), and humoring the -.men (who ftpe^often bufrbigbabies),! havepassed ; scaJheless.fti^g^^Jd;|jeople -fvho,^jbefore .and ' afterwards ma'ift^y in two cases, Aus-j the f white aien > A boIS^ s^fetce dash witjrnoahadOw-oftimidity, is; however,'accessary, andjtbeyrespect it." , It -VinipSwtiible to givfc, within "the -space al- lowed by the other requirements of a newspaper, an abstract that shall convey any thorough and vivid idea of the strange story involved in these letters. The Emperor Theodoras contributes some of the most wonderful epistles ever printed to .this varied and interesting mass. They are written in the Ambaric, and of course translated into English ; and they invariably begin with a mixture of religion and courtly compliment, in this fashion : "In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, one God, amen. From the servant of our Lord and His created Being, the son of David, the son of Solomon, the King of Kings (of Ethiopia). Theodorus, to her whom God has exalted above all sovereigns and glorified above all princes and peoples, and made the defender of the Christian faith, and the succour of the poor and oppressed, Victoria, Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland." On the 29th of January; 1866, the Emperor thus delivers himself:— " Had the illustrions Hormnzd Rassam, whom your Majesty has mentioned to us in your letter, not been sent to us about the matter of Cameron and others, but the lowest of your servants, he would have been received graciously by us. We now send, with Hormuzd Rassam, Cameron and all the other Europeans about whom your Majesty has written. Tour Majesty can learn from those who fear the Lord the ill- treatment and abuse which we have received at the hands of the abovementioned Europeans and the Copt who called himself Metropolitan, the Aboona Salama. In my humble position I am not worthy to address your Majesty, but illustrious princes and the deep ocean can bear everything. I, being an ignorant Ethiopian, hope that your Majesty will overlook my short-comings and pardon my faults. The people whom we have imprisoned for their reviling and defaming us did so because the Gallas had proved victorious over the royal children of Israel, and had humbled them ; but God has empowered me, the son of one of the humble women of Israel, to regain that which has been lost by my forefathers. Doubtless your Majesty has learnt how ignorant and blind the people of Ethiopia are ; wherefore I beg of your Majesty not to take amiss the mistakes I may make in; my correspondence with you. Counsel me, but do not blame me, O Queen, whose Majesty God has glorified, and to whom he has given abundance of wisdom." The promise so suhmissively made in the foregoing letter was immediately afterwards broken, with an additional flagrant violation of faith, Mr. Rassam himself— u the illustrious Hormuzd Rassam " as he is called by the Emperor Theodorns—being, together with his companions, made fellow-prisoners with Mr. Cameron and the rest. Mr. Flad, the German missionary, writing to the Earl of Clarendon, points to certain evidence that the Emperor had formed an intention of keeping Mr. Rassam as well as the others in order to get a "kasa," or ransom, from the Queen of England. It was his wish to have skilled artisans sent out to him, " to open his eyes," as he repeatedly said. In a letter to one of his officers, Detaty Tadla, commanding the detention of the Europeans, his Majesty says:— " By the power of God, I, the King of Kings, Theodorus, am well. We have been angry with our friends and with those Europeans who say we go to our country and we are not yet reconciled. Until we consult what we are going to do take hold of them, hut do not make them uncomfortable or afraid, and do not hurt them." Afterwards they had an interview, thus narrated by Mr. Flad : As soon as we had approached near his Majesty and received his salutation, we fell down to the ground asking his Majesty to forgive and to pardon us. We were ordered to get up, and to come nearer. We had the honor to take a seat on a carpet. The King brought forth the petition of the relations of the English prisoners,' which had been sent from Massowah by Dr. Beke. Captain Cameron was asked to read it." After that the King said, " It is the devil who made me angry with you, and who tempted me to destroy the friendly feelings existing since the late Mr. Plowden between myself and England. From my childhood I liked the Europeans, especially the. English; and God knows that from morning till evening I had no other desire than to get in alliance with the English nation. It is true that, by the power of God, I will fight the Turks; but there never arose a thought in my mind to fight with the English. What I wish is, that they shall love me and be my friends. Mr. Stern, said he, 'you are quite innocent; it is not you who abused me, it is that Copt, who calls himself a monk and a bishop. He made me angry with you, and he abused me. And Mr. Flad, God knows I never bad any bad feeling against, him. He never committed anything which could make me angry with him. And Mr. Rassam, you are the best man I ever saw in my life, and you did nothing to make me angry with you. The other da}', it is true, my suspicion arose, but it was the devil; and now we will make peace, forgetting everything past, and by actions of love we will renew our friendship. Now, I pray you all forgive me." The King immediately fell down to the ground before us. We asked that his Majesty might arise and forgive us, but he refused ; so we said, according to the custom of the country, 'For God's sake we forgive you,' After this ceremony we had to sit down. Then the King said that each of us should write a letter to his relations, and give them the news that his Majesty, by the power of God, and for the friendship's sake of the Queen of England, had pardoned and released us, and that we hoped to see and meet them soon. After this we were dismissed. The King now told Mr. Rassam that he wished him to stay with him until the Queen of England would send him a ' kasa,' existing in artists, machines, and tools, &c.;, for which purpose he should now write letters, and send one of the Europeans, who would come back and bring back the ' kasa.' " Mr. Flad was chosen to be the emissary to England from the Emperor and his captives. He urged on his Majesty the advice to send Mr. Rassam; but Theodorus was obstinate, and would have no other messenger than .the one he had at first selected. Letters from the Rev. H. A. Sterne to his wife, and other correspondence full of personal narrative, help to.fill this blue book, and to make it as interesting as any work of modern fiotion. While the prisoners were in chains, or shortly after they had been thus secured, they continued to receive letters full of compliments from the Emperor, one of these missives being as follows : " In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, one God. From God's slave and His created being, the son of David, the son of Solomon, the Kinif of Kings, Theodorus. To my friend and connseller, the servant of the Queen of England, Hormuzd Rassam.—My desire is that you should send to hfer Majesty the Queen and obtain for me a man who can make cannons and muskets, and one who enn smelt iron, and an instructor of artillery. I want these people to come here with their instruments, and everything necessary for their work, and then they stall teach us and return. By the power of God, forward this our request to England." Dr. Blane, Stuff Assistant-Surgeon of her Majesty's Bombay Army, who was attached to the Abyssinian, mission, and is one of the prisoners,, gives a history of the Emperor's career. As Lij Cassai, a young man jof good^family, nephew to the celebrated Dijas Gomfou, if ootT as he asserts, a - descendant of Ethiopian, kings, he followed , the very common ^example of Abyssinian .feudatory chiefs by throwing off his allegiance; to his sovereign. .Having finally conquered .Abyssinia by. subduing -the powerful Tigre chief, ! Dijas Oubie, he was crowned ;Emperor .by the name of . Theodoras; His treachery is thus described by Dr. ^Blanec '." I could adduce hundreds of insianws.to; illustrate the -utter -wortblessness pf his most, sacred,oaths,; if a few w'cre not sufficient ^>how ljpw.y«n ;it is to believe anything he says. In his cunning he always endeavors to cover hta treachery by some paltry -excuse. He plundered Derobea because the inhabitants'were too friendly towards the Europeans, Gondar because one of our messengers had been betrayed by the inhabitants of that city. He likes to shelve the odium of his cruelties on the Europeans or priest whenever it is possible. He destroyed Zagi, a large and populous city, because, he said, a priest had been rude to him. No person is sacred in his ej'e, however faithful he may have proved. A few months ago he cast into chains his adopted father Cantiba Haillo, who, protecting him at the beginning of bis career, was greatly instrumental in his rise. Tessemma Engedda, the hereditary Chief of Gahinte, last year, with the peasantry of his district, utterly destroyed a large invading body of rebels. He was first cajoled and made a grandee, but soon after made to feel the evil of t»o well serving his master ; he now lingers in chains, and is occasionally tortured to extort money from him. A few days ago the chief of the Amba, one of the oldest and most faithful servants, has been chained, and all his property confiscated. His brother, Ras Walde Mariam, also one of his first and most trustv followers, is, with almost all the Begemeder Chiefs, in chains/' The latest direct news from the prisoners, given in their own words, is down to the end of April or beginning of May. One of them says: ' Abyssinians laugh at us. Speak to any of them of the power and greatness of England, they sneeringly answer,' Why, then, do you pay us tribute ? Is it not now on the road ? Has not Flad gone to fetch it?' We may seem ungrateful, after all, and mistake the real motive of these delays. I believe they have guessed it. ' They will be killed should troops land,' is probably the common song when warlike measures are proposed, and the tune of those ignorant writers on the subject who may mean well, but nevertheless are the cause of much of our misery. Well, let him kill us ; we can but die once. In their ignorance Abyssinians may feel contempt of our power, but we shall certainly not give them the chance to sneer at English courage. We fear not death, but the very thought of his cruelties fills us with awe; long ago we made up our minds on the matter. All our friends are fully aware of our entire willingness to take our chance. We have begged and prayed for that moment which will either restore us to our country or end our miserable fate."—Bell's SURPLUS STOCK.—We extract the following from the London Times of September 13:— " It is interesting to find our fellow-countrymen at Melbourne engaged upon the same questions as are occupying public attention at home. Parliamentary reform and the harvest—the composition of the Legislature and the price of food— these are the subjects of*-discussion at the antipodes, exactly as theyjare in England The nature of the questions, however, differ widely in the two cases. The colonists talk of strengthening, not the democratic, but the conservative element in Parliament; while with regard to meat and bread their inquiry is, not how to increase the supply, but how to dispose of a surplus accumulating with overwhelming rapidity The food question in Australia is exceedingly interesting. It excites the most lively attention in the colony, and we venture to say that the current of the argument will be followed with at least equal anxiety in this country. In a few words, the Australians have such an excessive abundance of beef and mutton that they are at their wits' end in scheming how to dispose of it. The surplus, too, is growing upon them, and it is certain to increase in proportions utterly incalculable, unless they find a market for the superfluous commodity. The mere natural increase of the flocks and herds in the colony must outstrip any probable increase of population for. years to come. In one district, and in this one season, the increase of lambs alone is estimated at two millions. No wonder, then, that mutton of finest quality should be at 2d. a pound, with no sufficient demand for it even at that alluring price. The stock farmers, we are told, are actually holding meetings, and instituting elaborate calculations, as to the value to be got out of a fat sheep by the most promising process, and they are rather gratifyed, it seems, at discovering that a first-rate animal may, by the judicious utilisation of tallow, skin, and all other appurtenances together, be made to yield a sum of 13s. Now, all this while we know, and the Australians know too, that meat in this country fetches a shilling a pound, and that no multiplication of our own flocks and herds appears to have any effect in cheapening it. Surely the facts thus contrasted suggest an important problem for common studv. If a fat sheep when " boiled down" for export produces only 13s. for the grazier', and if this price includes the value of the tallow and the skin, what must we suppose, on the spot, to be worth of the meat—that is, of all the weight of mutton that can be got off a good fat animal? And, when we have concluded that this may be 7s, 8s, or even 10s, what are we to make of the difference between mutton in Melbourne and mutton at home ? How is it that such a difference does not produce the effect of glutting our markets with Australian meats? Processes of curing have been already invented and applied ; in fact, colonial mutton may be purchased here without difficulty, but the supply has certainly not been sufficient, or, perhaps, we should say, the demand has not been steady enough to affect the price of home-grown meat. Yet this price is so high, and has continued high for so long a time, that the inducements to increase -the supply must be singularly strong. Meat began to rise before any other commodity, before even the general scale of prices could have been affected hy the influx of gold from the Californian and Australian mines. The price was naturally maintained at a period when enterprise was vigorous, speculation rampant, and wages high, but it lias not declined with financial stagnation, slackened industry, and partial distress. Nothing brings it down—not even an abundant season and a fall of fifty per cent, in the value of the living animal, ^gadr-is—tb^ opportunity presented by our/fnarkets for the contemplation of the world, We shall be told that the English taste has not yet sufficiently adapted itself to the imported meat. That is true, no doubt, nor can we ever expect that meat preserved and prepared for four months, travel will be as palatable or as popular as meat fresh killed. But this is no more than may be said of butter, eggs, and fifty other commodities which we import under similar conditions, and which, nevertheless, find a rapid sale, and tend to keep home prices from rising. Australian mutton ought, at any rate, to be as good as American pork. Salting is now thought rather a rude and unscientific process of curing, but mutton hams would at any rate be better than no meat. Our forefathers lived upon salt meat for nearly half the year. In days when there were no root crops for winter food, sheep and bullocks were killed and cured for store exactly likely like hugs, and at that time,it should be remembered that the diet could not be corrected, as in our days,' by an abundant variety of vegetables. Certainly, Melbourne is a long way from "England, but superfluity on one Bide; and necessity on the other, ought to put distance out of the question.- We hope to-see some such result before long—a result, we mean, sufficient to bring'down the actuaT price of meat by at least one-third, and to. iadd a proportionate and permanent resource to our means of subsistence. " A Hiv advertised for a wife, and requested each candidate to enclose her carte de visits. A spirited young lady wrote to the advertiser in the .following terms:•—" Sir, I do not enclose my carte, for, though there is some authority :for putting a cart .before a horse, >1 do flot iEnow any for putting one,before an ass." ...., ..' \- THE way' of a fool is right'in his iown eyeg. but he that hearkeneth unto counsel is wise. A BOHZMIIN IMR.—On one Bide was a stove on the. other a bar, from which bread, smoked sausages, and schnaps were served; but beer was fetched direct from the cellar, coolness being indispensable in that beverage. The host was thrifty, and kept his four daughters busy in waiting on customers. The eldest presided at the stove, and the other three went constantly to and fro, re-filling the tankards of beer-drinkers, or dealing out delicacies from the bar. Comely damsels they were, dressed in purple bodices, and pink skirts that trailed on the floor in all the amplitude prescribed by the milliners at Paris. 1 could not fail to be struck by the frequency of their visits to the cellar to supply the demands of about twenty men, who, seated at one of the tables, appeared to have been making a day of it. Tankard after tankard was swallowed with great rapidity; and still the cry was " more." For the first time in my few trips to the continent I saw drunkards; and these were not the only sots that came before me during the present journey—all, however within Bohemia. Casual customers would now and then drop in, call for beer, drink a small quantity, and leave the tankard standing on the table, and go away for half an hour, then return and take another gulp, and so on. One of the tables was covered by these drink-and-come-again tankards; and though all alike in appearance. I noticed that every man knew his own again. Among these bibbers by instalments the landlord was conspicuous, for he took a gulp from his tankard every five minutes, and never left it a moment empty.—Bow Bells. THE trowel which is to be presented to H.R.H. Prince Alfred on the occasion of laying the foundation- stone of the new Town-hall, is now being made by Messrs Brush and M'Donnell. It is entirely of gold. On one side in the centre is a view of the Town-hall, as it will be when completed. This is neatly encircled in enamel of different circulars; beneath are the arms of his Royal Highness, surrounded by -the rose, thistle, and shamrock, and above the inscription, " Used by H.R.H. Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, in laying the foundation stone of the Town- ball, Melbourne, 1867." On the reverse are the arms of the City of Melbourne, above which are masts of a ship with the sails furled. Beneath are the names of the members of the City Council, the corporation officers, the architects, and the builders, the whole surrounded with very elegant scroll-work. The handle, which is also of gold is chased with laurel leaves; where it joins the blade it is ornamented with pearls and torquoises, and at the other extremity with a duke's coronet, set off with diamonds and emeralds. The handle is also beautifully enamelled. As a work of art, the trowel is, without doubt, one of the best things- of the kind that have ever been made in the colony, and it reflects great credit upon Us makers.—A rgus. A DESCRIPTION OF A LEPER VIIXAGE.—At my request, Dr. Kerr accompanied me to the largest leper village near Canton. It is situated about two miles and a half from the suburbs of Canton, on a slight eminence, in the midst of cultivated fields, and accomodates between four and five hundred lepers, with their children born in the asylum. All persons recognised or declared by the authorities to be lepers are sent to these asylums, of which there are three in the. neighborhood of Canton. Neither husband, wife, nor children are allowed to accompany the leper to the asylum ; but they are allowed to choose themselves new conjugal mates from the inmates of the same. The children born from these unions remain in the village. I saw of them a great number, varying from the age of infancy to the age of twenty-five years, and, in fact, judging from the great number of sonnd people in the establishment, the offspring would seem to be as numerous as the legitimate occupants of the place. Only one leper admitted that he was the son of another leper then in the place. As a rule they try to conceal then" descent from diseased parents. The village itself forms- a rectangle, surrounded hy a brick wall twelve feet high, with a gate which 13 closed every night. The following description may give you an idea of its inner arrangement. A street about fourteen feet wide (wider than any street in Canton) leads from the gate straight up to the temple or josshouse. From this street branch out at right angles on each side about fourteen narrow limes, three and a-half feet wide, each two separated by one single low building, partitioned again by a wall along its whole length, and crossways by twelve to fourteen cross walls, so as to forin twenty-four narrow apartments. In these small holes that whole mass of population is stowed away every night. Of course, I cannot speak with praise of its state of cleanliness—quite the reverse. During the day- the gates are open, and the lepers roam about at liberty, to beg through the streets of Canton. They receive, besides a small daily allowance from Government, and the monopoly of coir-rope making, by which they earn something in addition. The lepers leave the village in the day-time at pleasure, and their friends enter as freely to visit them, circumstances which go far to demonstrate the popular opinion that the contagion is not volatile or diffusible, or that it requires prolonged actual contact to communicate itself from one person to another. We had taken the precautionary measure to send a message to the village on the day previous that we were coming to distribute alms amongst them. In consequence of this, the greater portion of the lepers remained at home that day, and I had an opportunity of examining a great number. As a result of this investigation of cases, Dr. Hillebrand satisfied himself that there exist in Chinese leprosy three distinct varieties—the tubercular form, the erysipelatous, and the simply paretic or paralytic. The latter form is often accompanied with inveterate psoriasis; and he had frequently seen this type of disease in the Hawaian Islands, but had not previouslyrecogniseditasleprous.—CornhillMag. A SECOND TJETSSES.—An old fellow of very cute physiognomy, answering to the name of Jacob Wilmot, was brought before the police court. Hi6 clothes looked as if they might have been bought second-hand in his youthful prime ; for they had suffered more from the rubs of the world than the proprietor himself. " What business do you follow, Wilmot." •'" Business ? None; I'm a traveller." "A vagabond, perhaps." . " You are not far wrong; travellers and vagabonds are abont the same thing. . The difference is that the latter travel without money, and the former without brains " " Where have you travelled ?" " All over the continent." " What have you observed?" " A little to commend, much to censure, and very much to laugh at." " Umph' what do you commend?" "A handsome woman that will stay at home, an eloquent preacher that will preach a short sermon, a^good writer that will not ,write too much, and a fool who has sense enough to bold his tongue." .^Whit do you censure ?" "A man who maW +ies a girl for her fine • clothing, a youth who studies law or medicine while he has the use of his hands, and-people who elect a'^drunkard or blockhead to office." " What do you laugh at ?',' "I laugh at a man who expects his position to command that respect'which his personal qualities and 'mental qualifications, do not merit." He was dismissed.—Canadian Freeman. - A REMEDY TOE TooTHAtHB.—Of all the ills that fleshes heir to; toothache is perhaps one of the mosti trying, and the remedies proposed for alleviation range from destruction of the nerve to abstraction of the offending molar. The following remedy,'which we are informed has been tried in Maitland -with entire success, is jgiven-in the Australian Photopaphic Journal, a new publication:—Take/fine table salt; «wi-'- it-well iii an oven, or otherwise as convenient. Now ^powder it • veryfinely, iand when -troubled with toothache,-take a .pinch, as you would of 8nnff,andthejtoothachewill fin8tantly:leaveyou. We«re also tplcl that ', an instantaneous .remedy for Iretfdtiche,' anequallydistressii^^ieiiotoj is to lie fpi&n;'d in the ^demg oj£;ab&at;^rour * jpafriB of iodide of polasft'«diesotaed jir about "an ounce of water. . If the first idose fails,;; xirluehvit baa seldom been known to do, repeat it. THE PIONEERS OF QUEENSLAND.—It reads queer when one occasionally drops across the state-' ment of some " philosopher " who sees nothing but " indolence," " slovenliness, or even "laziness" in the proceedings of our pioneer squatters and farmers. According to such wise ones, it is not what we have done, bat what we might and could have done. As they sit in their comfortable chairs, it seems so easy to subdue the world that their vagarious effusions may well be looked over. As we have said, such statements look droll to those who are acquainted with the work actually going on. This, that, and the other thing may be said about the slowness and indolence of Queenslanders in comparison with the people of other countries. It would not he a hard thing to show that tbe handful of people who have occupied this vast territory for the last six years have pushed forward at a rate which has seldom or ever been equalled—certainly never with the slender public or government aid afforded to the pioneers. The Gulf of Carpentaria, which a few years afro was a terra incognita to even the scientific world, is now occupied up to its very shores, and townships, in spite of great hardships, are springing np at every available point. From Brisbane and the older portions of the_colony, vessels sail with comparative regulurity, and return laden with produce from the Gulf, while steamers are almost weekly making regular calls to points nearer and nearer to the Gulf. At the present moment there cannot be less than two millions of sbeep, and many hundreds of thousands of cattle and horses in the Gulf country, and, better than all, the accounts received state that the stock is thriving and increasing. The rent paid to the general Government by these pioneers is already something respectable. This work has all been done by private enterprise. There could have been little " indolence " in the composition of the men who did it. South Australia has for years been striving to occupy her share of tbe Gulf, but after great public expense, she has been in no respect so successful as our pioneers. While growlers at home are croaking over the fate of the colony, the rough foundation of great trade and a great nation is being cut out by the pioneers. Already stock has increased to such an extent that the owners are at a loss what to do with them. But this will not long remain so. The fact that some millions of sheep and vast herds of cattle must be annually boiled down in Australia for the mere value of their tallow has caught the attention of scientific men, who are aware that hundreds of their countrymen daily perish for want of this-meat, next to wasted in Australia. That they will soon discover an effective method of transporting the surplus to where a market is open for it, there can be little doubt. The day is not far distant when the rough work which our pioneers are now cutting out will form the basis of immense trade, not to England or Europe only, but to India, China, Japan, and other countries as well.—Queenslander. WEIGHTY SHEEP.—We are informed that last week Mr. Charles Reynolds, of Tocal, weighed, for curiosity, two ewes out of a common flock, and found that one, a Southdown, pulled down 194lb3.; the other, a Leicester, 1631bs. Both ewes were unshorn, and each has a lamb at side. Maitland Mercury. November 12. PRINCE ARTHUR, on Monday, September 16, discontinued his studies at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, and left the Ranger'ghouse, Greenwich-park, the same night, on a visit to her Majesty at Balmoral. Before leaving Woolwich his royal highness, attended by Lieutenant Pickard, R.H.A., V.C., paid a visit to the Royal Arsenal, for the purpose of inspecting the mountain guns and equipments in course of construction, and other preparations going on for the Abyssinian campaign. In the course of his ro} r al highness's visit it transpired that it was originally intended to send to Abyssinia 500 rounds of cartridge; but the Duke of. Cambridge, commanding-in-chief, had since issued further commands for the order to be doubled, and the employes are now engaged working night and day in the preparation of the 1000 rounds. The charges are to consist of 6oz. of powder and a 71b. shell. The employes are also working day and night in preparing patterns for the Otago saddles for the Indian Board, in order that their con'racts may issue without delay, and it is probable that a large number of contractors will be employed to carry out the work. A small gun, not exceeding 2 cwt. will be fastened on the back of each mule. Another mule will carry a guncarriage, another 200 rounds of cartridge, and another twenty rockets. A large number of the latter are in course of construction in tbe Arsenal. It is thought that Abyssinia will present a good opportunity for thoroughly testing in actual warfare the peculiar powers and utility of the rocket as an implement of war ; and it is believed it will form a most useful auxiliary to the mountain guns. Their portability is sUch that by means of the mules the rockets can be carried into difficult situations, and thence thrown into places where neither pack mules nor men can penetrate. They are also adapted for being effectively fired in ambuscade, in charge of two or three gunners, with the slightest and simplest apparatus. Some of the rockets in course of manufacture were shown to Prince Arthur, and their use and intention explained. They are very formidable weapons, and have the power of artillery with the most facile of apparatus. It is proposed before shipping the guns, to take one down to Shoeburyness to test its properties as a mortar, for which purpose the powder will be reduced to 2oz., and the quantity of shell doubled to 14lhs. EXTREME DELICACY.—" Is there anything the matter?" " There is, sir," was the host's reply. " Have I given any offence ?" " You have, sir.' - " Really I am ignorant of it." " Well, sir, let me tell you such language' won't suit here, sir." " My dear sir, what language ? We were only talking of soup." "Yes, sir,lmt you said oxtail!" " Well, suppose I did ?'' , " Why, sir, it's that very word that sent all the ladies blushing out of the room—it's highly unbecoming language—very improper indeed." " But, my dear sir, what would you have me say. T called the soup by its proper name, didn't I?" "No. sir, you did not; and whenever you have occasion to speak of that particular aoup again .never say ox-tail soup. Say fly- disperser soup ; that's the proper word."—New York paper. How TO KID FOWLS OF VERMIN.—If a fowl is well dusted with flower .of sulphur, so that this may get to the skin, all the vermin will leave it. Where there are many lice or other small insects of the acarus tribe aliout a fowl-house, no ben should be set without a handful of tobacco leaves or of dried worm-wood under tbe eggs. Every "breeder of fowls in the country should grow a few plants of tobacco, and dry the leaves, as this saves a great deal of. trouble with sitting hens. Worm wood answers the same, purpose, and when neither is to be had sulphur can be nsed. ; CAPTAIK COOK'S DAUGHTEB.—The following interesting paragraph is from an English paper.: —" At the Society Islands the newspapers ;are anxious about the 'health of . his Majesty ithe King—an ally of ours, and a highly enlightened person. Somebody died last week who could Tecollect- when New Zealand, Australia,. iand Otaheite had no more existence for the world than the 4 undiscovered" islands.' t A - little ;old woman, Mistress Ann Ramsey, of Colchester, was a few days back prisitively nlder than the very earliest records of civilisation in any of these rich states^ When she quavered out the words, 'jn the $ays when I was a girl,' she spoke the first sentence in the history of all' irtiese TO- 'bust^iewihronesflnd'nationslFor^in the*days wrote the. jiames of ibera all ^or the first time on the map;, JMiefress Ann Rumsey was the daij^iter of Captain vook,.«ndcahe jdiedJast. wegk^*' the" age.of. 104. Abs^ntcolonia^vill notice ; there ^re «bout 40,900,000 tof ^Anglo-i Saxons and others," besides the 30,W0,f)00 at home, who owe the flowerjof«i»verent'^bought to this good old lady's resting jpUoe." .. FBENCH AND ENGLISH SOLDIKBS W SPAI*!-" " I served in ; the Peninsula^" sajra fbe laft" Marshall Bugeaud, in his reminiscence*,' seven years. I sometimes beat the English in isolated mountains, and detached operations,- which, in the rank I then held, I wasable to propose and to direct. But during this long warfare I am sorry to say that there were but few general operations in> which the British army bad'not the best of it: The reason was obviottB. We almost invariably attacked our adversaries, without the slightest reference to past experience, fef a manner which generally succeeded against the Spaniards, and which generally failed against thtr English. They habitnaHy occupied a wellfcboFeir defensive position, with a- certain elevation of ground, showing only a portion of'their strength. The canonade began. Then, in hot haste, without waiting to study their position, or see how it could he turned, on we rushed'to take the bull by the horns. About a thousand: metres from the British line, our soldiers began to tblk, and hurried forward with a slight degree of con-' fusion. The English, silent, arms grounded*,? looked, in their impassable steadiness, like a long; red wall, which bad a good deal of effect on oar' youngsters. The distance became less: Tbe troops began to cry " Vive 1' Empereur I EH avant a la baionnette,' and to wave their capson their muskets. The march became; a run *: the ranks were somewhat broken; tbe agitationswelled to a tumult, and a good many shots were - fired. The British line, still silent and immovable,, still with grounded arms, though we ,wdre but three hundred metres off, seemed not to perceive - the storm about to reach it. The contrast wasstriking. More than one of our fellows began to* think within himself, that the enemy were veiy slow in firing, and that tbe fire when it; came,, would shortly be very unpleasant. We felt lewardent. The moral influence, irrestible in war;, of that composure which seems to be niidisturbed' (even when it is not so), over disorder [intoxicated ; with' noise, weighed upon us.: jAt this moment of painful suspense, the English wall presented arms. An impression they could not define riveted at the spot many of oar men^ who were beginning to open a droppmg fife. The fire of the enemy, in perfect unity and precision, moved us down. Struck' bad, we reeeoetf'to recover our balance; then first three forrordahU hurrahs broke the silence of our adversaries: • At the third cheer they were upon us, driving iitour disorderly retreat. But, to our great surprise they did not urge their advantage beyond a hundred yards, but fell back on their llines to await a second attack. The second attack, withf reinforcements, wasgenerally made but made withthe same result and fresh losses." i PBESEKVIKG MEAT.—Messrs. Medlock and' Baily have published a description of their process of preserving foods, and as tbe method they propose has been tested and found relrtble, we give it to our readers. It consists in simply dipping the meat to be preserved in a solution of bisulphite of lime and common salt, and then allowing it to dry. We believe the plan is a successful one, but, if we mistake "not, it wks originally suggested by Dr. Scoffern in the npages of one of our medical contemporaries.j-Zondore Review. | LIGHT FABRICS UNINFI.AIIMABLS. -F A' new mixture of salts has been prepared by. M. Kletzinsky for rendering light fabrics, like] muslins, uninflammable. He takes equal weights of commercial sulphate of zinc, sulphate of Inagneeia;. and sal ammoniac, and pounds all together in a: mortar. He then adds three times the [weight of ammonia alum. The addition of the! last produces a pasty mass, which is to be carefully dried at a gentle beat, and then powdered. (To make light fabrics uninflammable, one part ofjthe above mixture is used with two parts of starch. Evety one of the salts named above has. been) proposed for the purpose before, and M. Klefzihky only deserves credit for using them all together. The mixture will be cheaper than tungstate of soda, and th at will be its sole recommendatiofa. Miss THORN preached in, the Epglehawk town-hall on Sunday afternoon. Ipe Adver* tiser says in referencejto tbepersonal appearance and demeanour of the fair preacher:—" Theivoung lady, who appeared in a nleat straw bonnet trimmed with lilac-colorejl ribbon, and wearing a black silk jacket lyitli dark brown skirt, displayed none of that Imasculine manner which might have been anticipated from one of the fair sex placing beirself in so prominent a position, but opened tile serviee by reading in a very clear and-1 articulate voice, without the slightest affeotation, the 135th hymn in tlie Bible Christian's collection, being similar to the 623rd in tte Wesley collection—' Tbe Crucifixionand the same having been sung by tbe conCTegiation, the fair ministress read, in a peculiarly distinct and impressive manner, parts of tw£ chapters in tbe Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Corinthians. Sbe then offered ujp a most pure and simple, but affecting prayer, which was succeeded by tbe congregation singing the 189th hymn in tbe Wesley collection. From the Epistle to the Galatians Miss Thorn afterwards selected the text, ' But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto thi world preaching a reauy eloquent extempore sermon, in a nicely modulated voice, -which was distinctly audible in every corner ef thfe building —the discourse being of a truly Christian character, delivered unostentatiously, wjithouti the least hesitation—the words flowingi from her lips with a marvellous rapidity ana precision." AN ELOPEMENT SPOILED.—jAn 0hio paper tells a novel story. A young couplfe planned an elopement, the girl descending from her room upon the traditional ladder, but at the gate they were met by the father of the girl ana a minister, by whom tlie young couple were escorted to the parlor, where,, to their surprise they found all their relatives collected for the. marriage ceremony, wbieb took place at once. It was a neat paternal freak. I "HEBE WE GO UP—UP—GPT—It is reported that the present rage among «ar American cousins is for spending honeymeeBS m balloons. Whether husbands jtafce'their wives into the upper atmosphere id tbe hope of their becoming RABET-fied like the air-; we cannot sny, but we should think- it probable that tbe only safe time for' b married couple to go ballooning together must be the honeymoon. Later in mairied life inch-airip might be dangerous, fiir there is always a chance of man and wife falling xratr - ' BOTTLE ANI> GLASS.-^-Sir John jTrwin -was a favorite of George III. who once to him, " They tell me, Sir John J love a glass of wine." ^Those Irwin, " who so infojgjett yont. done me a .groatj^^ice—they i said a b o t t l e . " 1 / t BECIPE TOB MAKIKO LovB^n&e; TMR-- -parts sugar, three of soft 8oap, f a fit^:r8^ei plenty of summer $avoiy,s eda \t liptk i^ttoei mix well together, .and leave the llwhcSi/rlto set for .two-three-arighte - It Is be^ Jw^fr - whileijot., i i - i - |[ - > -- (' tis^manwho wascroesedlinknre^t- Scotch :snu^||^wsevthey!WBl man tttj&is; knee»(sneeze). 