AIMA FFA, TO TICR EDITOn OP TllO nTPPr.uTAND TIMeS. Ssn,-In glancing over your papor of this mllorning, I was rrthur surprised to see " Matlrr" represented as" iii the Slough of De?pond, by a somewhat garrulous correspon dent rejoicing in the highly euphonious title of " Spectator," although the rigmarole to which ho appends the shove sufficiently belies the authorship, and delineates the writer quito as clearly as if lio had signed his name in full, and given his prospects and ocoupation into the bargaie. Be that as it may, in the foew comments I have to make thereon (with your perasissiosn, Mr. Editor), I must deal with the subject, as set forth by "Spectator,' as a matter of course ; and in the outset I respectfully remind him that he confoumdls 'our "w1t'anld " they" to suit his owin peculiar di'tion. Like the wizard's ghost in the fable, lie appeara oi the scene anld disappears from it as suits his magic fincy, without seeming to be aware of the paradox, and by a parity of reasoning the author may Ih the ghost of Addison himself or " Little I)ickin," according to the notions of the realer ; but ghost or no ghost, I mnust supposo that hl is a residenot, for ihe takes upon himself the burdens of the whole population in the clause " our progress," though in the next, as with a flourish of his ,magoe wand ("presto--quick-- change") le uneoremoniolsely ulburden hiiseolf of the liad--" they mako no exertion ;" In fact the whole letter seems to be tho hal luciu?tion of one of the sleepiest of theo resi dents of his imaginary 8leepy Hollow, wlho has awakened at last, lato in the day, only by the noise of his own trumpet, andt has jumped to the conclusion that his oeighbours are as great sluggards as himsoelf. For my. self, so. far as the Spectator at Mlaffra is concerned, having ran . his letter, I would have said, with Artemnus Ward '"f ow sir you," not waiting for a reply. But, as the wholo population are condaemned together, nud, being one of the unlfortutatec, though "sleepy, I think it as well to relieve Spoctator's anxiety and apprehension by in forming hinm that most of the MafIfr people have at least one eye open. The facts are, those pretty well able to Judge are of opiilon that few parishes pIosses as many euterprioing and energotis men ; and it is notorious tlrt still fewer Iavo suooeeode so well in material prospority during its brief history. Itespeeting commnons why does Spectator not stn, forth th the hampion of: commons? As fer the Rlaceconrse, I havj beeo confidentially inforlmed that Spectator'' race is nearly run in Maatfr, and at any rate most of us prefer the " Green Wattle." The cemetery has boo" reserved already ; and ti is a compliment to the inhabitants that the presence of a constablo is at presenOt sufficient to preserve the peace. The remainder of the sulffrings of this Indoleout people might perlhaps be mitigated if J.'., cly any seleight of haind, coull h| o atteheil to Sipectator. But the culminating absurdity on the piece is, in what has evidently been intondel? for the sting-ltho lament first suggests that a small sum would purchaso a bell, as if nnoo yet existed ; and then le. moans, with uplifted hainsl, the deplornmlo fact that it steeoie dormant in the " sylvan shades of iMerry-lale," knowing allthe while that a bell has leen purcllhasel and paid for without Spectator's all, and now lies in oene of then Maffra stores, in consolquence of the computent tradesmen in Sleepy Hollolw being too buny to put it in its destined place-the front of the church. In conclusion, I apllogiao for the length of my remarks, butt wtoul~tlriio Spectator and all of his class to crm , forewrd and put their shouhler to the wheel in eurmnonnting the hill of difficulties always to be found in every now townlship. PUBLICO. May 30th, 1867, 