PUNCH IN PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY, 23ED JULY, (From Sydney Punch, July 27.) MR. SPEAKER having seated himself two minutes earlier than usual. Mr. Bobertson said he flattered himself, although, in his time, he had represented eo many constituencies that he was almost an animated map of the colony, he had never in all his life done anything that could, by any possibility, be of the slightest advantage to them. However, there was a limit to this sort of thing; and he now would ask the Government—to show there was no coolness between theai—to have telegraph communication with the Clarence River immediately established, as he wished to electrify his constituents. The espence was a mere nothing—£2000 or no—which could be easily raised by the ministers themselves, at the rate of £400 a piece out of their *' screws." Such a line would be of the utmost importance. Ships were always being wrecked in that locality, and it would be a great comfort to drowning mariners to think that the people of Sydney were in a position to know that they were.going " down—down—down—down— down among the dead men " a few minutes after they knew it themselves. Ae no two opinions could by any possibility exist as to the expediency of this, or, in fact, in any measure he might propose, }>9 would ihank them to reply in the words of the immortal water bird of Avon. " Conclude il done, my lord," and baud over a cheque for the amount." Mr. Martin said, though he was never guilty of one himself lie had both heard of and read many good joke*, but of all the jokes he had ever heard of or read, this was by many degrees the goodest. Here was a fellow—he begged pardon—honerable gentlemen—who bad the impertinence—he meant candour—to admit that he had never as yet done anything to promote the interests of his various Constituents, yet all he once he was seized with a fju»h of patriotic enthusiasm, and mildly atked for £2000. He could tBll his honorable friend that £000 was not to be picked up every day eveu at Deniliquen, if it were he would instantly resign and chance his future. The motion was cather good or bad—if it were £ood, well it is good—if it were bad, bad luck to it. What was Grafton to he, or ho to Grafton? Doubtless a telegraph to Grafton would suit Grafton's "little game, and lie had no objection to tell Grafton where he could get one cheap, provided Grafton chose to pay for it; in the meantime he could assure Grafton that Grafton would find no change in him or his col leagues either—oh, dear, no. Mr. R. Stewart said, if Mr. Robertson could so arrange that all wrecks should c ome off at the Clarence Heads, he would have no objection to vote for the expenditure of so desirable an object. But until some feasible plan for such a result was submitted by the honorable member he must beg most respectfully, though regretfully, to oppose the' motion. Mr. Garrett said he believed that if there had been no wrecks at the Clarenee Heads, cone of these distressing casualties would probably have happened, but they had— there was no getting over that fact. ' He would like to know why money could not be sunk there as well a* anywhere else, fie supposed if the members of the Government had swallowed as many dinners per diem in that district as tliey had in others, they would have treated it according 'to its desserts. Mr. Martin said—" No unlicensed victualling remarks." Mr. Speaker said—" You are wrong boy, you are wrong.'' Mr. Garrett said—"Right you are, old, 'un, right you are—don't apologise."' He didn't mean to impute improper motives to un-feted Ministers, but he believed Shakespeare would bear him out iu the assertion that "there is much-virtue in a good dinner.'' As to the inhabitants not petitioning for the work in question, what had that to do with it ? this was a country where nobody knew what they wanted, and where they wanted everything, and as much more as they could get hold of. Mr. Forster confessed that he approached the subject with some degree of diffidence, not to eay trepidation. During the whole of his political career, he never recollected any subject occasioning him so many anxious days and sleepless nights as the one now before the Hi use. He had looked at it one waa, and looked at it another; he had turned it upside down and looked at it both ways, and then turned it inside out and slept on it, and on mature deliberation he was able to assert unhesitatingly that he had not the remotest particle of a ghost of an idea whether it was right or wrong, but thoroughly believing from the interstices of his cerebullum that it must be one or the other, ho would propose that a telegraph committee be appointed to sit on the wirts, consisting of Lucar, I'annell, Landale, Wilson, Parkes, Martin, and (if there was a room for a light weight) the mover. Mr. Byrne, said that with that zeal for the pursuit of knowledge uuder.difficulties which characterised himself and his jolly companions on the Treasury Benches, he had endeavoured to extract some information from Mr. Robertson as to the absolute necessity of the telegraph in question, in order that he might oppose it in the true spirit of the party to which he belonged; but all he got from that profane and misguided man was a statement that he (the afore laid profane and misguided) would have the money in Bpite of them (meaning him and his colleagues.) Look at that uow! To what a frightful height must that (aforesaid profane and misguided) roan's evil passions have carried him when he could contemplate getting money from a " people's ministry!" Besides, as Posts were involved in the proposed extension, it waa obviously connected with the Postmaster-General's department, and he had no right to be bothered about it. It was quite clear that the mover knew nothing of what he was talking about, and Mr. Garrett rather less. Mr. Robertson—" Oh, don't. I though." Mr. Garrett—" I'm another." Mr. Hart got quite flushed in the face as he inveighed, in no measured terms, against the high state of incorruption from which the Government trere now suffering. He considered the allusion of Posts and the Postmarter-General a piece of very alltimed rail lery, believed in Robertson generally, and wanted the select committee generally. Dr. Lang said, though, as in ereiy other case, be bad forgotten more about this matter than anybody else ever knew, he waa iu a difficulty— in fact, it was all a " Clarence's dream " to him. He had been all over the bottom of the harbour in search of flatheads. and he had arrived at the conclusion that a telegraph to the Clarence Heads would be more useful to the people; of Grafton than to those of W«gga Wagga. There were heads there, 'twas true; but there were arms there too—arms of the sea, d'ye i>ee—and these arms «ould have to be crossed by the wires, d'ye see; and this would be awfu' expensive, d'ye see; and therefore at present be hoped difference of opinion wouldn't alter friendship, and that it would be all the same a hundred years hence. Mr. Robertson wanted to know by what rule or Orthography, Etymology, Syntax, or PiosodyMr. Byrnes should feel justified in extending the telegraph to Port Stephens, while he poohpoohed that from Grafton to the Heads. Mr. Byrnes said there waB an analogy. Mr. Robertson did not know the ladyi not what business it was of hers. He would have the money, or he would not have it—one or the other; he didn't care which; and so he would divide the House, and not remain in suspense any longer. The House then divided, and " John lost his motion by 25 to 13. 