GAWLER, December 28. The Christmas examination of the St. 8«orge's Schools took p'aee on Tuesday, 17th instant. The examiners were the Rev. J. Goriou, Rev. O. J. Evans, Messrs. Burkit, T. O. Jones, Wright, &c.; The boys showe 1 a steady advancement under Mr. Barton, wh^ has so Jong_ maintained the chtracter of his school. 5'heLr answers in tho various branches were Terr satisfactory. The girls mIso, under the tmition of Miss Philipson, showed koiiir good w*rk in sewing and other branchen to As sutiftfaction of the l»dv examiners. Afber the examination rever.»l of the parent \ of the scholars, and gen'lemcn of the t.wn, ipot at Mr. Burton's residence, and i-ittoo'- of an excellent spread, and afcervitrds .'rauV to the kealth of Mr. Burton, the master of St. Oe .r^e'ii School. Expression!! of satisfaction with Mr. Burton's teaching were given by many present. Other toasts were given and responded to, and after n.Ti houror two's enjoyment the p-rty brnke «J-. On Sunday, December22, services wvrebeld in ?n St. Giorgo's Church cu behalf of th« Sunday Canon Farr, of St. Pe'-pr's. pr«iehoil ao ei ?ellent sermon in th^ m -r.ii. g, an 1 the Uev. J. J. Smyth, of Knpnn.ii, in the cren=n;. Tlic ??ngregations w^rj very pool, nnd collection* also. On Monl*.va j»r)»]ii t^-a nice: ing n-.ts held in St. George's Schoolroom, sn.l i ;i-..nt d.^1 'f most excellent provisions was p uii-l ?! by tho ladies of the congro;n:ion. Cun^i 'eiinj the busy time of tint y: i a g-io Uy number were present, and '!i roujtbij- '.J'jovcl tJieniBolves. In Uie evening a lecture asd 'en- 1 tertainment was given in St. George's School room, the Bev. Canon Coombs in the chair. Tie Bev. Canon Russell gave his lecture on ' Ghosts,' The Secretary, Mr. Wm. Mnnson, gave a abort report of tnn school, from which ws -gather, there are 224 children on the books, and 22 teachers, whose attendance is generally pretty regular. There is a library of over 600 volumes. Tue behaviour of the children is good. Addresses were given by Mr. T. O. Jones, Superintendent, and Mr. B. Uixon. Mr. Rus sell's lecture was listened to with great atten tion, and the lecturer was accorded a vote of thanks. The choir sing some of the nicest music we huve heard in Ga*ler, and really tberj are some verv fine voices among them. Votes of thanks to the ladies, choir, and chair man closed the ineetirg. There was a large number present, the proceeds amounting to about £25. Christmas Day had the advantage this year of very fine weather, and a gee it number of people took advantage of it, and went excursioninj. Others went tt vnrious places of worship. The dsy w is entirely set apart from labor, and but for the depression existing at present, the enjovmentwould have been greater. 