LECT/ITBE ON. THE BIBLE. On -Tuesday evening last, the Rev. E. C. : Pritchard, minister of the Primitive Metho- dist 'Chapel, '.Brown-street, delivered a deeply interesting and eloquent lecture on " A won- derful story about, a wonderful book," in the Wesleyan Church, Tyrrell-street - Consider- ing the inclemency of- the night, and other circumstances, the attendance' was very en- couraging- we may say large, for somewhere about seventy persons were, present. The chair, in the unavoidable absence of Mr. Ald. . Winship, was filled. by Mr. Parkin who, in a , few appropriate, observations, introduced the rev. Mr. Pritchard to the meeting.' The Rev. Lecturer on coming forward, was greeted with applause. After some prelimi- nary, remarks, he commenced his lecture by saying the Bible was the most wonderful of all wonderful books. Its name was derived from the greek "Biblos," and signifies "the book" - the book pre-eminently. It contained the ancient history of the human race and world, the code of laws, the system of morals, the counsels for youth, middle age, and the aged. It was the widow's solace and the orphan's friend; the advocate of the oppressed, and the defender of the injured. It taught the king how to rule, and the subject sub- mission. It was the book of the palace and the cot, the senate-chamber and the mecha- nics, shop,, of the philosopher and the plebian. It was found on the sunny plains of Australia, and among the icebergs of Greenland. It had visited the wilds of Africa and the deserts of Arabia. It had tamed, the savage New Zea- lander, and taught the proud Celestial (China man.) It was ubiquitous in nature and om- nipotent in character. It had dethroned kings and set up nations. It was destined to visit every habitable part of the globe, and to be read in every language of the earth. This Bible, "the book" so wonderful in nature and character, yet so widely circulated and so easily obtained, that not only every family, but every child in this favoured land may possess a copy— was the "wonderful book" whose "wonderful story'" he was about to speak on that 'evening. To attempt to tell the whole story; he did not pretend — to tell the half in one evening would be impossible; but he hoped to be able to tell a little in the time he had allotted to himself. The lec turer then proceeded to trace the history of the Bible from the earliest times down to the present day. He began by remarking the Book was, beyond all question, from God. The youngest child would tell them that "Holy men wrote as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." So far as could be ascertained, the world existed Rome 2,500 years without any written Revelation, but God, notwithstanding, preserved among a few the knowledge of His name, for, as they well knew, God conversed with Adam, even after the fall, and with Cain, likewise, after the murder of his brother Abel. Adam lived 700 years after the birth of his grandson Enos, when we are told men "began to call themselves by the name of the Lord." Of course, all who desired, conversed with Adam respecting the creation, fall of man, and every other matter concerning the peopling and early history of the world. Enos lived far into the days of the holy Enoch, of whom it was said "He walked with God, and was not, for God took him." Enoch would cer- tainly teach the truth to his own son Methu- selah, with whom he lived 300 years. Me-. thuselah died in the year of the flood, having been contemporary with Noah during no less a period than 600 years, so that Noah had 600 years to learn from Methuselah all that, his holy father Enoch had told him of the Great God of Creation, Fall of Man, &c.; So that, in a chain of live links only, all that Adam knew of Him who created him in His own image, would be handed down from tongue to tongue, to Noah, so that Noah and his family must have brought from the ark a very extensive account of the creation, and al- so a knowledge of the leading facts of the old world's history. The lecturer proceeded to trace, in a highly interesting way, the manner!' in which this "knowledge of God" was carri- ed into various parts at the dispersion of man kind after the flood, and subsequently preser- ved and handed down from generation to generation, and from age to age, until it became ' the ' written word," and until the first copy of the Scriptures was produced by Ezra. He adverted in the course of his remarks first to the settling of the patriarchs. Noah, he said, being a "husbandman,'' was believed not to have removed from where the ark rested; Ham, probably, went, into Africa; Japheth into Europe, while Shem, the favourite son, remain- ed in Asia. The.building of the tower of Ba- bel, a hundred years after the, flood by the son, of Noah, who distrusted God- the subse- quent completion of the Tower by Nebuchad- nezzar, who built it to his God "Baal" or "Bel" and called it the "Tower of Belos," — the founding: of the kingdom of Egypt under Miz raim 160 years after the flood and 340 years before the death of Shem, - the origin of ido- latry, in Egypt, the fact of Pharaoh being con- temporary with Abraham 280 years after, the founding of Egypt;— the building of the Pyra- mids of Egypt as- tombs for the kings, the ori- gin of the art of writing, some of the first specimens of which were seen on the coffins of mummies,— the first kinds of writing known to archaeologists and antiquarians,— the first description of the ancient, hieroglyphics,— the history, of Shishak, a king of Egypt, into whose hands the wicked Rehoboam fell, - the slight chronological difficulty with reference to the length of time the children of Iseral were in Egypt, (supposed to be 420 years) and how that space, was filled up in the lives of Abra- ham, Isaac, and Jacob, - together with many other interesting details and particulars, were successfully dwelt upon by the lecturer, until the period when Moses, the author of the earliest books in the Bible, was born. The history of Moses, from his birth up to the time when he wrote the account of the Creation, and the fall of Man, was next traced and com- mented upon. Moses, the lecturer remarked, was taught to write by God himself, and hav- ing so learnt the art of writing, he applied it to writing an account of the history of man from the beginning of the world up to his time. An interesting diagram representing the anci- ent manuscripts and writing materials was here displayed, and appeared to excite considerable interest among, the audience. It was gene- rally believed that Moses wrote on goatskins prepared and fastened together, and not the reed, paper which was used in Egypt in ancient times. The oldest manuscripts of his five books known were written on leather. :(}ho of this description was to be S^^'^ft'-jin-^h^Klpiany-fl/ In England. A representation of this was shown in one of the diagrams. It was discovered by Dr. Buchanan, in the record chest of a Syna- gogue, of the Black Jews, at Malabar, in the year 1806. The manuscript measures six- teen yards long, and, though not perfect, con- . sists of thirty-seven, skins dyed red. A fac- syimile of the Hebrew writing of this interest- ing document was here exhibited. Copies of other ancient manuscripts were also shown. The Pentateuch was kept in the Tabernacle by the express command of Moses, and remained there even after the children of Israel had settled in Canaan; and to the same sanctuary were committed in succession (as they were written) the (other sacred books. We might, therefore, conclude, that the works of Jonah, Nathan, Jeremiah, Habakkuk, Zephaniah, and Obadiah (all of whom flourished before the Babylonian captivity) were regularly de- posited in the Temple, for when Solomon had finished it he directed that the writings of Mo- ses should be removed therein, and also that the future compositions of inspired men should be secured in the same holy place. Whether or not these manuscripts perished in the flames when the Temple was burnt by Nebuchadnez- zar, we were not told ; but as the burning of the Scriptures was not mentioned by any con- temporary or succeeding prophets, and as the other sacred treasures of the building were pre- served, it is almost certain that the original manuscripts were preserved, more particular- ly as Nebuchadnezzar had no particular enmi- ty against the religion of the Jews. If, how- ever, they were destroyed, there was not the slightest doubt that there were many copies in existence, as they were much reverenced, and many copies were sure to have been car- ried into Babylon. In the Jewish Church, there was an uncontradicted tradition that about fifty years after the rebuilding of the Temple, Ezra, in conjunction with the great Synagogue, made a collection of all the sacred writings which had been increased since the Jews had been into captivity by several books; and as Ezra was himself inspired, whatever received his sanction must have been authen- tic. To this genuine collection were added the sacred compositions of Ezra himself, as well us those of Nehemiah, and Malachi, which were written after Ezra's death. This addi- tion completed the Canon of the Old Testament. It was not known to a certainty whether the Old Testament, as we have it, was Ezra's own copy or not, but it was quite certain that it was a faithful copy of the same, or it would have been challenged by the Saviour, who taught in Judea, when this copy was in the Temple. But though Christ rebuked the ru- lers and teachers for their false doctrines, he never accused them of any corruption in their written law, but, on the contrary, himself preached from it on several occasion. Such in brief was the story of the old and wonderful book, the Bible (Old Testament.) He had traced it from the hand of its Divine author to the day of the Incarnate Word, and had seen His testimony to its authenticity and cor- rectness, and before such a witness, how fee ble was the voice of its enemies — they indeed would "fade and perish," but the ' Word of God abideth for ever. The rev. lecturer then proceeded to consider the New Testament writers, and writings. The whole of the New Testament Scriptures seemed written by - who were contemporary with Jesus,— thus the witnesses knew that they tes- tifed the truth. The order in which the seve- ral books were written was then given, and the remark made that the whole of the sacred book, from Genesis to Revelations, occupied a period of about 1600 years. Men of different ages, nations, and taste, were employed in the same work by God. The manuscripts of the New Testament were not traced in the same manner as the Old were, the lecturer obser- ving that it was not necessary, even if he had time to do so. He then adverted to the peri- od, — the fourteenth century, — when the Scrip- tures were existing in five different languages, viz., Hebrew, Chaldee, Greek, Syriac, and Latin ; the last-named translation being known as the ''Vulgate," which must have been translated very early, for in 303, A. D., Je- rome was known to, have revised it. He also commenced a new translation from the He- brew, which he finished in 405. For 1300 years the Word of God had been known only sparingly, as copy after copy had been made by hand labour; but during the first quar- ter of the sixteenth century several learned men were engaged in translating the Holy Book, and all acting independently of each other. The rev. gentleman proceeded at great length to narrate the circumstances in connec- tion with the publication of the first complete Bible in English, by Wycliffe, in 1380, at a cost of £30 for a single copy, — the discovery of the art of printing, and the printing of the first English Bible, in 1464, by Tyndale, who had afterwards to, fly from his native country, — the introduction , of the New Testament into England, in 1536, and the attempt to destroy the same by burning them,— the burning of Tyndale, on Oct. 6, 1536, who died crying "Lord, open the King of England's eyes,— and to the translation of the, whole Bible into English by Myles Coverdale, in Oct., 1535, which brought, the lecturer, to the authorized version which is circulated at the present time, and which had been a standard copy for 256 years. Some were asking for a new translation, but he (the lecturer) was quite content with the good old English Bible, in connection with which the great wonder was not that there are so many, but that there are so few and such tri- fling errors. It was a fact which no critic could deny, that there was not one fundamental error in the English Bible. We had to thank King James I, for our present Bible, which had since been translated into 260 languages. The work of translating the Bible took three years, and the work of revision about three-quarters of a year more, and, before it was struck off in its present form, it underwent six revisions, proving that the greatest, care was taken that it should be a faithful translation from the original tongues. The expense was borne by a Mr. Barker, a private citizen of London, Who purchased the copyright for the sum of £3,500. The lecturer next proceeded to speak of the multiplication and enormous circulation of the Bible, and also the opposition which it had met with. He alluded also to the fact of the reading of the Bible being prohibited by the Council of Toulouse, in 1229, and to the establishment of the ''Houses of the British and Foreign Bible Society." The remaining portion of the lecture consisted of allusions, and reference to a number of interesting facts and memories, which however, want of space procludes us from ever enumerating. The lec- ture, we understand, will be repeated in New- castle before very long, when we should strong- ly advise all who wish for, an intellectual treat to avail thsmSelves of the opportunity to hear it. The rev. gentleman brought his lecture to a close by adverting to several significant facts respecting the enemies of the Bible. Gibbon, the great author of the 'Decline and fall of the Roman Empire," and who did all he could to injure the Christian religion, bought with the profits of his great work, certain estates in Switzerland. Those estates, the lecturer said, have since fallen into the hands of a gentleman who devotes a considerable portion of the revenue to the spread of the Gospel. Voltaire, the celebrated French sceptic, boasted that he would pull down, with one hand, the Christian edifice, which it took twelve apostles to build up. Voltaire has gone, and the printing press he used at Ferney, was now employed at Geneva, printing the Holy Scriptures. In the very room in winch Hume, (another sceptic) died, the provisional commit tee met for the reorganisation of the Edin- burgh Auxiliary to the British, and Foreign Bible Society. On resuming his seat, the Rev; Mr. Pritchard was warmly applauded. Besides the diagrams mentioned above, up- wards of a dozen others were exhibited during the evening, some of which were exceedingly well executed. As the close of the lecture, a cordial vote of thanks was presented to the Rev. Mr. Pritch- ard, on the motion of Mr. A. H. Barlow, who passed a high eulogium upon the research and eloquence displayed by the lecturer. The Rev. Mr. Pritchard having responded, the audience dispersed. 