ARRIVAL OF THE GEELONG WITH THE JUNE MAILS FKOM ENGLAND. The Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's Royal Mail steamer Geelong, with the June mails from England, arrived in Hobson's Bay at a'quarter past eight on Saturday morning, thus delivering her mails three days before time. The following are the letters of our London correspondent : LONDON, JUNE 26. THE FAMILY PARTY OF KINGS. "All tho world and his wife "is on the ?way to Paris, dressed in purplo and fine linen, and with, a wonderful retinue of Kings and Princes. Tho Luxemhurg difficulty settlcâ.theEastern question forgotten, France is inviting the nations to the festivities of peace. She has assembled not a Congress, lut a glittering crowd in which the greatest names in Europe jostle side by side. Possibly this personal contact may have a greater in- fluence on the policy of tho futuie than could any formal deliberation's. Never did a more brilliant assemblage figure in the annals of court chronicler. History herself will ac- cord no inconspicuous page to this "family party of kings." She relates of tho first Napoleon how he gathered at the great opera a pitful of vassal kings, whom his arms had made or subjected ; and she will re- cord of the present Emperor how the royalty of the old world was constrained to bear willing witness to his greatness in the [capital of his adorning. Never before had the Imperial houso such a unani- mous recognition ; and it will be accounted among its most remarkable triumphs, that at the very timo when its policy seemed nearest frustration and disgrace, it should have suc- ceeded in restoring its vreslige by an appeal in favour of the arts of peace. You have already been made acquainted with the visit of our own Prince of Wales arid the Duke of Edinburgh to Paris. There ¿as been some talk of the Queen herself so far breaking from her solitary habits as to make the journey incognito; but this pro feet, if ever seriously entertained, seems to have been abandoned. The King and Queen of the Belgians were among the iirst of the crowned heads to appear on the scene. The Prince ' and Princess Royal of Prussia came as forerunners, from Berlin. Prince Louis of Hesso and the Princess Alice brought their lesser fame ; and of grand dukes and minor notables from Germany, there have followed more than I can count. On the 1st of Juno, the Emperor of all the Russias arrived, accompanied by his two sons, Prince Goitschakoff, and a distinguished suite. On the 5th, the King of Prussia and Count Bismarck made their entry. Nor does it yet appear where the list will end. These have been succeeded by the Pasha of Egypt. The Em- peror and the Empress of Austria are about to start. The Sultan is already on his way with gorgeous presents. The Shah of Persia was expected, but finds the Grand Ulemas opposed to his going. The Queen of Spain, and Narvaez, the President of her Ministry, arc shortly looked for. The Pope appears also to have considered the expediency of putting in an appearance, though Cardinal Antonelli seems unwilling to trust him amidst such gaieties. Brigham Young, how- ever, eames his uninvited presence to tho queen of cities, as the latest bom of prophets from the western world. The Emperor of Morocco sends his brother. "The King of the Cannibal Islands,'--who knows ?- may possi- bly also turn up beforo tho Exhibition closes. And about this motley gathering of kings and diplomatists there has been thronging an iinincnso concourse of strangers of nil nations and of all ranks. Nor has tho Emperor been unmindful of tho humblest visitants ; ho has received Lord Ranelagh and others as a deputation from English artisans, and granted for the use of tuoso workmen who may choose to cross the Channel certain model buildings within the Exhibition grounds. The hospitalities of the French, indeed, have been on the most liberal scale. With a prodigal magnificence Paris has asserted her supremacy as the capital of Europe in taste and art. The Exhibition itself has for the time been eclipsed by the gorgeous spectacles she has provided for the entertainment of her guests. The personal courtesy of the Em- peror, at once graceful and dignified, is said also to have fitly crowned these hospitalities. There have been races, balls, reviews of course; and besides the grand shows of the Exhibition, a variety of sights. The gala representation at the Opera; on the 4th, was very brilliant. Three thrones were erected, in which their majesties were seated, tho Czar in the middle, with the Emperor Napoleon on tho right and the Empress on the left j and there were also fourteen arm- chairs for tho various princes and princesses present. Of tho ball at the Hotel do Ville, given on the 8th, after the King of Prussia also had arrived, I am almost afraid to speak, so costly were the preparations and so daz- zling, far outshining all previous entertain- ments of the kind. When tho " good city of Paris" gave a ball to Louis XIII. and Anne of Austria, it was proclaimed in the streets willi sound of trampet, that the saloons would be illuminated with 300 candles, and that twenty musicians, re- ceiving double pay for their extraordinary exertions, would play all night. But luxury marches apaco with our boasted nineteenth century-civilisation ; and tho other evening for tho reception of tho Russian and Prus- sian sovereigns, thero were 70,000 wax lights, to say nothing of gas, and the orchestras consisted of 250 per- formers. Every other arrangement bato Jscned tho same lavish expenditure. The /efe at the Tuileries was also splendid. Nor has Paris witnessed many grander spectacles tuan the review which was held on tlio 0th, at the Bois do Boulogne The Empress ingenio led the way from the Tuilories m an open carriage, with tho King of Prussia ; the Crown Prince and Count bismarck followed in another ; and then carno the Emperor Napoleon, also in an open carnage, with the Czar, and the two Russian princes. An immense staff of all nations rode ncliind. There were 60,000 troops on the ground, and vast multitudes of people swayed jo and fro as far as tho eye could reach ; the trees even were laden with quite an army of men and boys. Rarely has Paris poured forth such crowds. ATTEMPTED ASSASSINATION OF THE CZAR. But it was on this occasion that the Em- peror rmd his guests narrowly escaped a great catastrophe. As tho Imperial party was re- turning from the review, a young man stepped forward from the throng, to within «bout fifteen paces of tho carriago, and fired a tloublc-barrelled pistol at tho Czar. Tho pis- tol, being ovor-loadcd, burst, and shattorod his hand ; and ho fell to the ground with t] cry of " VivelaPologne !" An equerry, whoht seen the man moving close to tho carriag spurred on his horse so as to place it bc.twec the Emperor Napoleon, who was on tin side, and the assassin, The horse received ti bullet in the head, and in rearing threw ti blood on the Emperor Napoleon, and ti Grand Duke Vladimir. When the Czar sa his son's clothes stained with blood, he thougl that he was wounded, but soon pe ceived that no one was touched. TI ball had passed' between the two Emperor and wounded some lady who was on ti: other side of the road. The Emperor Nap leon turned to the Czar, and, smiling, sail "Sire, we have been ..under fire together and the Czar replied, " Our destinies are i the hands of Providence." The crowd rushc upon the assassin, and would have killed hil on the spot, had not the police, thouç with much difficulty, rescued him froi their fury, lhe Emperor Napoleon, wit his wonted self-possession, stood up, and ga\ orders for the cortege to proceed at a fo( pace. The enthusiastic cheers of the poop showed how heartily they repudiated the r< volting deed. Tlic prisoner, on being questioned, avowe himself to be a Pole, by name Beregowsk He is not more tlian twenty-one years of agi and fought in the ranks of the Polish volur teers in 1863. For some time he has bee working as a fitter in a foundry i Paris. Throughout his examination he pe: sisted in his original declaration, that . 1: had no intention of harming the Emperc Napoleon, as he had for him and for Franc the deepest gratitude for the hospitalit accorded to his countrymen. When askc how he could have fired upon a sovcreigr then the guest of the Emperor of tli French, who had received, protected, an fed him (for it appears he was in th receipt of thirty-five francs a month from th French Government as a Polish refugee), h answered, "Yes, it is true; I have committe a great crime against France," and he wept When asked why he ran the risk of killin the Emperor Napoleon, in order to reach th Czar, he is reported to have said, "Oh, no the bullet of a Pole could not miss-it woul I have gone straight to the Czar. I wished t j deliver the world and the Emperor Ales ander himself from the remorse which mus overwhelm him." He appears to have broode over his design for several days, and to hav stood to watch the Czar on his arrival, tha he might be able to recognise him when th moment came. He had first meant to hav made the attempt on the occasion of his visi to the opera, but afterwards changed hi mind. There is, happily, no evidence of con spiracy ; he was alone both in the conceptio: and in the execution of his crime. The tria will take place early in July, Meanwhile, the deed has elicited one gone ral expression of horror, mingled with n small indignation on the part of the Frene' that their hospitality should have been s dishonoured. The Poles in Paris have bee: foremost in denouncing the attempt; au from all quarters of France congratulation have been showered upon the Czar. In St Petersburg there was a thrill of alarm, am some disposition has been shown to holt unhappy Poland accountable for the crim of her misguided son. But the Czar take broader views than some of his advisers It appears that before starting on his journe; to Franco, he had actually issued .a decree granting an amnesty to the Polish insurgent who have survived the rigours of Siberiai exileandthatwithgreatappropriatenesshehai communicated this to the Empress Eugénii before it was published in the French papers Yet the Emperor Alexander has not beei popular in Paris. There was an ominou silence on the day of his entry ; and subse quently more than once he was greeted witl cries of "Vive la Pologne." In front o the Cluny Museum he was sadly_ tnobbec by students, who surrounded him, and waving white handkerchiefs on the point: of their sticks, shouted the obnoxious words with all their might. Hurrying from this dis agreeable scene to the Palais de Justice, he was greeted on the steps in like manner by i group of young advocates. The precautions taken by the Government from the time of his arrival, show the hazard of his visit; and there is probably no one more relieved by his departure than the Prefect of Police, unless it be the Emperor himself. But this dastardly attempt has made the French ashamed of these ebullitions, and has gone far to make the Czar the most popular man in Paris. He has borne himself like an Emperor in the crisis, driving out in an open carriage as if nothing had happened, and refusing toshorteu his visit. He will carry back with liim most pleasant recollections of the cordial sympathy of all classes of the French nation. At the ball at the Hotel do Ville, which was given later, he was most enthusi- astically received, while the King of Prussia won but cold cheers. An urgent telegram from the Empress, however-so urgent that its solicitations could not be resisted- obliged him to depart from his avowed intention, and to leave a day or'two earlier than was originally fixed. The Czar has offered a pension to the equerry whose horse saved him, and tho Czarina has presented him with diamonds worth £12,000. THE ENGLISH COURT. It was rumoured that the Czar would ox tend his journey to London ; but this un- toward incident has interfered. The Sultan is coming, however, and is to be feasted in the city as well as entertained at Court. But it has been impossible to avoid contrasting these splendid hospitalities of our neighbours with the niggardliness with which our own Court is accustomed to entertain foreign visitors, not affording them even the shelter of a palace, but consigning them to the more con- venient charge of some hotel, well-appointed it may be, but still not quite the place which England would choose for her guests. It is also felt that the absence of the Queen prevents our returning in a suitable way those hospitali- ties which members of the Royal Family have received in other countries. While the highest respect is entertained for the personal virtues of the Sovereign, there has gradually grown up and spread a feeling of great dis- satisfaction at tlie manner in which she is performing her royal functions. It is truly remarked that if no other Queen ever did so much to mako the English people in love with royalty, no other has shown them so consistently how to do without it. The heir apparent cannot take the place of the Sove- reign ; and every year that the latter remains in retirement, detracts so much from tho prestige of her constitutional position. To permanently abdicato the leadership of so- ciety is ono step towards putting asido tho privileges of Royalty. Five years is too long a time to nurse a morbid sorrow ; and ex- cepting there bo actual physical dis- ability, there can be no valid reason why tho Court should not throw open its palaces and assume agaiu its royal state. The public, indeed, begin to inquire what is done with tho money voted for regal and national pur- poses. When tho rumour circulated, tho other day, that the Queen was about to found a convalescent hospital, as a mag- nificent memorial to the late Prince, and a great public^ benefaction, tho announcement was hailed with unfeigned pleasure as worthy of her ; but when it turned out that Her Majesty had only granted her patronage, and that a private individual was tho generous founder, thero was general disappointment. Somo such a::t of liberality would have regained for tho Queen tho popu- larity which she is losing by hiding horsolf so much from her subjects. THE CORONATION AT BUDA-PESTH Another great historical event has signal- ised the month. Francis Joseph of Austria was crowned King of Hungary, on the Sth instant, with a gorgeousness of ceremo- nial unknown to the west. As a sign and seal of the reconciliation which has at longth been effected between tho Kaiser and his high spirited 'subjects, tho event is ono of happiest augury. The matchless pageant will bo found described in The Times, by Dr. Russell's gra- phic pen. The reception of King and Queen nppcars to have been enthusiastic and hearty in the extreme. A little knot of sour-soulcd Radicals made a contemptiblo demonstration by wearing mourning dresses, and holding an ojien airfuneralsorviceoutsidoBudafor the lost independence of Hungary. After tho corona- tion, tho new Sovereign enthroned himself moro securely in the hearts of his subjects by publishing a graceful act of oblivion for nil past political offencjs; whilo tho usual coro- I nation gifts of the nation to tho King ar Queen were dedicated to, deeds # of mere Meanwhile Austria is pressing on in the pal of constitutional reform. _ Baron Beusfc hi brought in bills for establishing Ministeri responsibility, and trial by jury in crimin cases. An outbreak of fanatical persecution.' the Jews in Roumania, encouraged by ti Minister of the Interior, has led to indignai remonstrances from the French and Engli' Governments. THE WAR IN CRETE. Omar Pasha, according to a despatch i Athenian origin, baa committed sucli atroc ties on the Cretans-apparently in roven for having" been repeatedly defeated by thei -that tho various European cotisuls hat made representations on the subject to the respectivo Governments. -Constantinople a< vices, however, speak of Omar's successes and the cruelties may perhaps be an invei tion. Still, it is not to be denied that ti insurrection is far from put down : and collective noto from France, Russia, Prussii and Italy (England does not join) has bec presented to the Porte, urging the suspensio of hostilities, and an inquiry into grievanci by commissioneis appointed jointly by ti great powers and the Porte. The Turkish Gi vernment is said to have acceded to this pr< position, which means tho re-opening of ti: eternal " Eastern question," and possibl war. FINANCIAL DIFFICULTIES IN ITALY Another failure has taken place in th attempt of the Italian Government to dei with the ecclesiastical property. The bill an convention recently before the Chamber c Deputies have been rejected, and a con: mittce is appointed to submit counter pre posais to the Chamber. In the meanwhile the Government are wrangling with M Brasseur, the agent of Count Langrand Dumonccau, who was connected with ,th first convention, and the Messrs. Rothschili and Frémy, who were to have guarantcei the second, but backed out of their agree ment. Whether this breach of faitli on th part of the latter has liad anything to do witl the disinclination of the Chamber to accep the convention afterwards concluded witl the Messrs. Erlanger of Paris and Frankfort and Schroder of London, docs not elearl appear * but it is very certain that th Romanists have spared no pains to defeat th project of the Government. The scttlornen of the question, from whatever cause, is agaii retarded ; but it is obvious that the Chuvcl must in the end give way, and may possibl; be obliged-like the Tory party in Englani in respect of Reform-to accept some arrange meint of a more extreme character than wa originally proposed. Within the last fev days M. Brasseur has published a pamph let on the contract in riuestion, the statement in which, if true (which appears doubtful] are calculated to do the utmost damage to th Rattazzi Government. According to M Brasseur, a project of law was agreed 01 between the Ministers and M. Dumonccau of which the three principal bases were : ' " 1. The exclusion of any question of prin ciple as regarding the relation between thi state and the church. 2. The implicit abro gation of that part of the law of 1866 whicl considers the property of the clergy as tin property of the state. 3. Restitution of al the property of the church on condition of i sum paid out of it (prelavazione) of twenty five per cent." This was to be recommendoe \- to the Chamber by some species of mystifica tion, by which it should be made to appea that a part of the ecclesiastical property hat really been appropriated, and that the prin ciple was reaffirmed of tho property of the clergy belonging to the state. It is cica; that the Chamber will not be satisfied witl any mero tax on the possessions of tin Church, but is resolved on the principio o: secularization, in which it has the example o; Franco and Spain to encourage it. Still les: is it likely to tolerate any mere juggle, undei cover of which the Government would al some future period hand baclc to the Church the property it eeemed to take. Signor Rat tazzi, however, emphatically denies the trutli of the statements made by M. Brasseur, anel affirms that he more than once told that gen- tleman, in the plainest language, that " he did not occupy himself the least in the work about Rome in the matter-that Rome might do as she liked-that her conduct did not in terest him or concern him." At the presenl stage of the case it would bo attempting toe much to judge between the parties ; but the story is not likely to rest where it stands, and by and by we may come at the truth. PROGRESS OF ELECTORAL REFORM. Mr. Disraeli still goes on in his triumphant political career, conquering and to conquer. His policy is still a marvel and a mystery to onlookers ; but as it bids fair to be crowned with success, many persons are beginning to recognise and do homage to tho profound sagacity with which he has manipulated Par- liament, and achieved what had for some time past been regarded as an impossibility. The Tories having become Radical Reformers, the Liberals are at their wits' end to know what to do with themselves, and what work to be at. The great organic change they have been ventilating, discussing, and trading upon for a generation, has been suddenly wrought by Conservative agency, and they are waking up to a consciousness that their tra- ditional vocation is gone—having been usurped by their hereditary rivals. The revolution effected so noiselessly during the post four or five months is probably more fundamental and momentous than that produced by the Reform Bill of 1832. The change must be something stupendous, if not alarming, when John Bright is satisfied, and our whilom ardent reformers are found moving amend- ment after amendment to restrict the oper- ation of the Government measure. A quietus has been administered to the Reform League ; the objects of that troublesome organis- ation have been substantially conceded, and Mr. Beales and his fellow-flies, seated on the revolving chariot-wheel, are com- placently claiming all the credit of the achievement. The League leaders, however, have no idea of giving up the ghost, Piteous is the wail of the poor president over his blighted prospects. At a recent meeting of the council ho said pathetically that ho ' found himself placed in a most curious posi- tion. Most of his old Liberal allies in Par- liament were bandying compliments with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and praising tho Tory Government. However, he and a section of tho body expressed a determina- tion not to give over agitation till manhood suffrage and the ballot were won. In my May letter I stated that the troublesome compound householder, who had provoked so many' fights on the lloov of the House on his behalf, had been definitely dis- posed of. Tho announcement was some- what premature. Pressed by soveral influen- tial members of the Opposition, among whom was Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Disraeli had con- sented to abolish the practice of compounding for tho parish rates by tho landlord, and clauses to that effect were to bo prepared by the law officers of tho Government. When the four clauses embodying tho wishes of the , House were introduced a few evenings later, 'it was found that tho latter two provided for tho permissive existence of the com pounders by tho mutual agreement of tenant and landlord. A great lmbbub was the conse- quence, many members suspecting that Mr. Disraeli was seeking to ovado his promise The Chancellor, however, explained that the Íiermissivc clauses had been embodied in du erenco to an amendment by Mr. Childers and a suggestion of Mr. Gladstone ; it was no part of the policy of the Government to insist on the preservation of tho com pounder in the new electoral system ; and it it was the wish of tho House and tho country, ho was quite willing to abolish tho practice in all Parliamentary boroughs. The obnoxious culprit having thus received a final condem- nation, ho was borne away for execution amid tho cheers of members on both sides of the House. Thus passed away the most for- midable difficulty in- tho path of roform. Tho Radical party was propitiated by tho sacri- fice, and a conviction of tho good faith of Mr. Disraeli forced itself at last upon many doubting minds. Tho passage of tho bill was deemed sccuro from that hour. Tho borough franchiso having boon dis- posed of, tho county qualification noxtclaimetl consideration. Previous to tho outgoing of the last mail there had been a keen discussion on an amendment moved by Sir E. Colc brooke, to prevent the creation of faggot votes, by requiring that a dwelling-hou; shall in all cases form part of the occi pation qualification. In a full committc at was first carried by a majority c threo that the words " premises o£ an tenure," as they stood in the clause, shoul be omitted; and directly'afterwards a mi jority of three also decided that the word " dwelling-house" should not replace then In this state of confusion the question ws adjourned. On Monday night, the 27th ult tlie subject was resumed, on a propositio; of Mr. Hardy to lill up the void with tin words "land or tenement." The discussio: was brief, and the Liberals wore embarras sed by the fact that Mr. Gladstone liad coi sented to a similar provision in last year bill. Mr. Gurney, however, as the resul of considerable experience as a revi; ing barrister, paid that he had no fea of the creation of faggot votes by thi means. If, he said, the landowner wished t manufacture votes, he created rent charges if other people desired to do so,4 they create 40s. freeholds. A very close division followed giving a majority of one, in a House of 50 members, in favour of Mr. Hardy's proposal which was received with cheers and comité cheers. Sir B. Colebrooke then endeavour to add the words,." with a house," but wa defeated by a majority of ten. The limit o the county franchise was settledin accordanc with the decision of a meeting of count members, held in the forenoon of Monday, th 27th ult. The Government proposal was £15 occupation suffrage. Mr. Locke Kin¡ suggested £10, and was supported b Mr. Bright and others. Mr. Gladston also argued .in its favour, as affordini a greater promise of durability, but re commended that the compromise of £1 suggested by Ministers should be acceded to Mr. Locke King took the hint, withdrew hi amendment, and the £12 county franchis was accepted. In order to make swifter progress with tin business of the country, Mr. Disraeli propose« that the House of Commons should havi afternoon sittings from two till seven, re suming again at nine o'clock, after a suspen sion of two hours. The experiment was firs tried with marked success on Tuesday the 28th ult., with the Keform Bill. Thi principal topic of discussion was a pro viso of Mr. Powlett ? Scrope, excusing tin rates of all occupiers below the rateabli value of £4-that is, drawing a hard and fas line at that point, below which the franchi» should not extend. There was a stron; feeling among the Liberals to get. iii somehow of the "residuum,"- which thej appear to dread far more than the Tories This amendment, aiming at tho electora extinction of the residuum was, however ultimately withdrawn at the instigation o Mr. Gladstone, who urged that it would no be wise to restrict the enfrauchisemen! proposed by the Government. Mr. Disraeli who has unbounded confidence in the virtue, of the lower strata of voters, contended witl great ardour that the proposed exclusion ira a breach of the "principle" of the bill-tha the personal payment of rates would bi sufficient to exclude the true residuum-ant that the householders rated under £4 pay thei rates more punctually than any other part o the community-because, forsooth, their rate: arc paid by their landlords. During the debate Mr. Bright, producing a copy of his bill o 1858-9, insisted that Mr. Disraeli had adoptei his identical borough franchise, and congra tulated the Conservative party on having foi lowed their leader in support of the extremes measure he himself ever proposed. Tin Chancellor of the Exchequer, in reply to Mr Blight's display of " incoherent conciliation,' could only retort that, as the bon. membei for Birmingham had changed his mind withir three months, other people might be allowee to change theirs since 1858. Not that he would admit the cLangc, however. He hat the audacity to express a doubt whethe; Mr. Bright could prove that tho Tori party had altered their opinions at ali which raised such a shout of derisioi from both sides of the Hous« thai the Chancellor sought refuge behind thal mask of sullen incapacity to understand, wit! which those who have been wont to study his impassive countenance are so familiar. Bul although they make little outward sign, there is no doubt the Tories feel kienly the gross inconsistency of their position, Having got household suffrage pure and simple, and the lodger having been quietly, and almost, as a matter of course, admitted within the electoral pale, the fancy franchises came down in rapid succession. The oppo- sition to the educational and pecuniary qualifications was led by Sir Roundell Palmer, who was vigorously supported in his resist- ance to these innovations on the British Constitution by Mr. Bouverie; and al- though Mr. Fawcett, as a University professor, entreated the Chancellor of the Exchequer to persevere with the educational franchises, the latter gave way before what ho rather severely, . but not inaptly, called the " reactionary party" on tho Opposition benches. The savings-bank clause was abandoned on similar compulsion ; and Sir Roundell Pal- mer, looking forward to some remote time when the income-tax may be abolished, would not allow even the tax-paying franchise to bo retained. This clean sweep having been summarily effected, and the dual vote for- mally disposed of, the first part of tholleforni Bill, dealing with the franchise, was passed. Last month there was a very wide-spread expectation that Government would restrict their Reform labours during the present ses- sion to the passage of the Franchise Bill, reserving the perplexing question of tho re- distribution of seats for a separate measure next year. Even Mr. Bright was a strenuous advocate for this mode of procedure. The Liberal party as a whole, however, were anxious to press on the matter, and get it out of hand at the earliest possible day, and Mr. Disraeli showed an equal repugnance to delay. On Thursday, the 30th ult., the ' first _clause of the redistribution sec- tion, which disfranchises Totnes, Reigate, Lancaster, und Yarmouth, carne on for dis- cussion, and in spite of a proposal from the Chancellor to postpone it, was carried by a majority of seventy-two, tho House giving way to one of its periodic fits of virtuous in- dignation against bribery. Tho Government proposal was that these four incriminated boroughs should bo absolutely and for ever deprived of representatives in Parliament. There were some apologists who urged that their electoral privileges should merely be suspended for a limited period. Others con- tended with considerable force that tho innocent ought not to bo punished with the guilty-that it was not fair to take away the franchise from those who were not corrupt becauso others were corrupt-Mr. Bright, for instance, advocating personal and not local disfrancliisemcnt. But Mr. Gladstone pointed out that in reality all boroughs selected to return members to Parliament are se- lected to perform a public function, because they are thought fit for it; and if they are found unfit uro no more nggrioved by being deprived of the function, than towns aro nggrio ved which have never been so privileged. And ho argued that it has becomo necessary to deprive of the fran- chise for abuses of this sorb some large boroughs as well as small ones ; othorwiso, the largo boroughs will always fool safo in their bigness, and will sin on. And so thought the built of tho members, for tho four delin- quent constituencies were doomed to extinc- tion. Many of the householders will bo ablo to qualify for the county vote, however, by occupying premises rated at £12. Thora is tims a door for partial redemption open to thom. On the following evening (the 31st) tho Ministry sustained an overwhelming defeat, on an amendment moved by Mr. Laing, to the effect that no borough having a popula- tion of less than 10,000 should bo represented. in Parliament by moro thnn one member. The proposition-was strenuously resisted by Mr. Disraeli in a speech that indicated his strong unwillingness to adopt it. Tho largo majority of 127 votes, however, including, an- unusual number of Conservatives; sanc- tioned Mr. Lning's motion, and thereby at ono stroke placed at tho disposal of tho com- mittee, forty-fivo seats, including thoso ob- tained by tho disfiwichisomont of the con- victed boroughs. On Monday, tho 3rd hist,, Sergeant Gazelee proposed a scorning corollary to the decision just arrived at, namely, that no borough with a population of less than 5,000 should have a member at all ; yet, strangely enough, this lattor motion was defeated by n majority of fifty two. Thoso freaks of tho Houso uro quito inexplicable. Tho numbors voting on both occasions wore curiously closo, boing 483 on Mr. Laing's, and -18G on tlio Sergeant's motion ; yet the majorities showed a wide divergence on questions having tho relation f parts to a completo whole. Tho on adequate motivo for the latter vote wou seem to be the general indisposition of mer bers to abrogate small boroughs, the uses i which Mr. Gladstone so eloquently pleadc two or three years ago. Captain Hayter ncj suggested the plan of making small borougl into smaU counties, by taking in sufficient < the rural population to raise every boroug constituency up to the 10,000 limit, but ti project found no favour with the House. At this point there ensued a pause in ti: Reform discussions. The considerable ii crease in the number of seats for disposi arising from the adoption of Mr. Laing's pn posai altogether deranged the re-distributio scheme of the Government, and m cessitated a careful revision. The Whi suntide recess afforded the needed le sure, and Mr. Disraeli accordingly announce at this stage of the proceedings thr his modified plan would be ready to I submitted to the Committee on Thursday the 13th inst., while discussion on its merit would be postponed till Monday, the 17tl On the re-assembling of the House, accore ingly, the Chancellor of the Exchequer gav an outline of the Government scheme for di¡ tributing the forty-five scats left for their dis posai. It creates thirteen new town const tuendes, chielly in the north ; forms at th cast and thewestof themctropolistheborougl] of Hackney and Chelsea-the one taken fror the Tower Hamlets, the other carved out c Middlesex ; adds a second member to Sa ford and Merthyr ; and gives twenty-fiv seats to the counties on the ground of th largeness of the population. The extn ordinary announcement that the Universit of Durham was to be associated with that o London in returning one member, was re ceived with surprise and incredulity. In th course of the subsequent discussion, Mi Disraeli stated that he should adhor- to the plan of supplying Scotlam with additional seats by increasing th total number of members of Parlia ment, and that large powers would b asked for the Boundary Commissioners, win would bo required to enlarge, and in no casi torestrict, the limitsof borough constituencies with a view to keep the counties as far a: possible representative of the agricultura classes pure and simple. When the debate on the plan of redistribu- tion carno on, Mr. Laing moved, as ar amendment, that one member should bl added to the six large towns which contain s population of 150,000- and upwards, and lu proposed to obtain these seats, not by rob bing the counties, but by grouping tin smaller boroughs. The amendment wa strenuously opposed by Mr. Disraeli, wh< contended that the counties are nov inadequately represented as compared witl the boroughs, and that to take away thi small boroughs would increase the disparity More effectual, however, than Mr. Disraeli': questionable arguments was his warning tha if Mr. Laing's amendment should be carriet the Government would have to consider whe- ther they should go on with the bill. Then seems to have been need of this covert threat There were Conservative members like Lorei Cranbourne prepared to support the amend ment, not with a view to augment the bo rough representation per se, but to give a chance of carrying out the proposal of Mr, Hughes in favour of cumulative voting-thai is, to make each elector in the large borough: referred to to give his three votes to one candi date, or to distribute them among any twe or more candidates, in such proportion as lu may think fit. An attempt to raise a discus sion on this proposal at the present stage o the bill was decided to be irregular, thougl the Chancellor found opportunity to inforn the Houso that the Government were en tirely opposed to cumulative voting, " an< to all other fantastic schemes of tin kind," Mr. Gladstone derided Mr. Disraeli': hint that a resolution in favour of- a fail representation of the largo populous com munities was to be taken as a question ol confidence, as being, after all that.had passed the most egregious instance on record oi straining at a gnat after swallowing a camel He was reminded, also, by the ex-leadei that the bill was the property of the House, and not of the Government. _ Tho throat, however, took effect ; many timid Liberals were alarmed, while even men like Mr. Roebuck and Mr. E. James, representing boroughs which would have received an addi- tional member, rallied to the support of the Ministry ; so that on a division Mr. Laing's amendment was thrown out by a majority of ten in a House of 48-1 members, amid loud Tory cheers. An obstinate and varying battle has been fought over the proposal to enfranchise the University of London-a plan which has been before Parliament for more than ten years. By way of pleasing one of his colleagues, Mr. Mowbray, the member for Durham city, Mr. Disraeli consented to the monstrous sug- gestion that the Durham University should be united with that of London. The Houso was astounded at this incongruous proposal rightly characterised by Mr. Lowe as an insult to tlio London University-and could hardly beliovc that the Government was in earnest. But the Chancellor of the Exchequer-pressed on his amendment, and by the aid of the north country members, with whom local claims ovcrcamo party ties, carried it by a majority of fourteen. By re- peated motions for adjournment, the frionels of London . University succeeded in staving off a final decision. At the morning sitting on the 18Th, the struggle was renewed. Not- withstanding the indignant protests of Mr. Lowe, Mr. Bright, and Mr. Cardwell, tho House decided by a majority of 220 to 225 to insert the wore! " Universities," instcael of "University." But the statement that only members of theCliurch of England could voto for Durham University, produced a damaging effect upon the Government plan, which Mr. Mowbray endeavoured to counter- act by avague promise that-the governing body of that seat of learning were willing to liberalise the constitution of Convocation. Finally, by a majority of eight, to tho great delight of the Opposition, tho House rojected the word " Durham ;" and though tho word " Universities" still remains to be amonded, tho fight over the claims of London Univer- sity lins ended in a decisive victory by its sup- porters. By a majority of thirty-eight in a Houso of 500 members, the proposition of the Govern- ment for the permissive use of voting papers in Parliamentary elections was summarily re- jected. This disposes of almost every de- bateable point in the Reform Bill. Tho fow remaining details will probably bo settled in tho present week, and the measure will bo passed on to the House of Lords early in July. Tile prorogation of Parliament is not expected to talco place before tho middle of August, and a general election, it is thought, will take place early in the ensuing spring. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has indefi- nitely postponed the Irish Reform Bill, on the ground that, owing to a foreign and external agency acting upon sentiments of a morbid character in a portion of the population, there is in Ireland at the present moment a very general feeling of distrust and a considerable sense of danger, and that it is, under such circumstances, very difficult to deal with questions involving the redistribution of electoral right. Some of tho Irish members were indignant at this breach of a Ministerial pledge. THE LUXEMBURG GUARANTEE AGAIN. The uneasiness felt at tho fresh obligations incurred by England in tho Luxemburg Treaty has found expression in divers ways during tho month. Two masterly letters on the subject, by Professor Bernard, havo ap- peared in The Times; thero has been a elo batc in tho House of Peers, in which Earl Russell uttered a frank and genorous ap- proval of tho courso o£ action pursued by the British Government ; and on Friday week the qucstionof LordStanley's violation of the prin- cipio of4 non-intervention was introduced by Mr. Labouchere, and afforded to our Foroign Secretary an opportunity to offer explanations and supply information which have won him golden opinions among all-parties, and havo especially oxtorted tho commendations of the French press. His lordship stated that upon tho decision of our Government alone rested for the timo being the question of peace or war in Europe. All the otlior powers wero willing to accept that proposal ; and ho, on tho part of tho British Government, under a fooling of doubt and anxioty such as ho had nevor boforo fulton any public question, hesi- tated for tinco days. If our Ministers had stood out upon that point it was a matter absoluto certainty that " the Conference must havo brokon off, a ruptnro must havo onsued, Prussia would havo withdrawn tho coucos sions which she hod offered, and at ti time when I am speaking the French an Prussian armies would ha\cb»enin conflict His lordship thought he was choosing ti least hazardous of two alternatives in bl coming a party to the guarantee Wo kno the result Lord Stanley describes it i a case of "limited liability" It mear this, that in the event of a viol' lation of neutrality, all the powers wh hive signed the treaty may be called upo for their collectiv c action, but no one of tho; Powers is hablo to be called upon to &> singly 01 separately " "Such a guarantee he added, "his obviously rather the eh: ructcr of a moral sanction to the arrang ments which it defends than that of a coi tintent liability to make wai ' In respe to the present relations between the tvv Governments, -which lately occupied so m naciiig a position towards eacli other, 01 Foreign Munster spoko most hopeful! " I think," he said, 'lean state as a fac from all that I hear and know, that ti relations of France and Prussia, which at ti time of the Conference were certainly ni coi dial, hav e ever since that time been stcadi improving That both the French Goveri ment and people earnestly desire peace I ni onlj believe but know I believe that the san feeling exists geneially m Prussia All tin is passing tends to remove any feeling of di trust, and though it is of course, impossib to predict the future, still I am inclined I think that peace will not now be interrupted 'Hie nousc íeceived these declarations wit evident satisfaction and approv al THE NEW RADICAL REFORMERS During the Whitsuntide recess, the heae of the Govemment have found two oppor tunities of vindicating themselves fiom ti reproach of having changed their opinion: and explaining from the *nnci Munstern consciousness the mystery which lspuzzlm and perplexing all ordinal y moi tils Th first occasion was furnished by a deputation from the London and Westminster Working Men's Constitutional Association waiting on Lord Derby and Mr Disraeli, to assure them of the great admiration felt for them and tho policy lately pursued—an admi ration which only awaits the passing of the Government measure to fully prove itself In return for their compliments the two political chiefs assured the deputation that they were not afraid of the working classes— that, indeed, they have great faith in the existence of a deep seated and wide spread conservative feeling amongst this section of the community It was a misfortune said Lord Derby, that the working classes had been "misrepresented as they have been. An ap parent apathy amongst them has led to the belief—widely extended, however false —that the working classes were really represented by the leaders of the Liberal party ' He rejoiced that they were shaking off this apathy, and he hoped that by "com- bination of the working men with tho upper classes of the community," a Conservative Government would be able to keep its ground It was needless for him to say that he ex pected the working classes, out of gratitude for what the Tories had done for them, to support them at the next election Tho re tention of office by the Conservatives, then would seem to have been the prompting motive of the Reform Bill The second opportunity was as furnished by a festive spread at the hall of the Merchant Tailors' Company, when Mi Disiaeh ex pounded with lemarkable candour theprm ciples on which his policy is based Here pudiatcd tho theory that the admission of i select numbei of the artisan class would b beneficial to tho nation ' We looked," h said, "upon the measure of last year as on which, if carried, would have sonously m jured, if not destroyed, the Conserv ativ paity, and which at the same time would no nav e satisfied the requncments of the state Wo believe that the inca-uro which we hav< brought font ard is one which will not mjun the Consenatne patty, but will satisfy tin requirements of the state ' So the foi j leader would seem to have greater futh ii numbers than m intelligence That " resi duum of which even Mr Biightliasexpresscc apprehension is w elcomeel by Mr Disiaeh a: tlio ally of the 'lory powei- as the defenderol the throne, the peel age, and the chinch The Torj party, he says, arc not going to remain idle, and sink into dcciopitude when the Reform Bill has been earned Thcj will emulate the example of Mr Pitt "who felt it his duty to onginate those great opinions and adv ise those great mea sures which novel were follow eel without adding to the stiength the glory, and the gieatnoss of the countiy Whether this is all sound, mj th, 01 mirage*, lcmains to bo seen Timo will prove But meanwhile the new Radicals w ill giv e the old Liberals a great deal of v exution and troublo, and if the latter vv ish to retain their hold on the popular mind, they will ha\ c to bid v cry high for favour and su) port We maj eonfidentlj lookfoi search- ing refonns in Church and State at no distant day, and we maj gain from the jealous nvahíes of two poweiful parties competing m the same lino of things w hat we should nevei have got undei tho old system of political antagonism The doctrino of lmahty is foi cvei exploded Wo aio descending the incline at rapid speed, and tho ancient diags aie gone Meanwhile the refoim leagues and unions aio not likely to have it all their own way Gonsonatiio associations aio spnnging into existence m all dnee tions, professing to represent the opinions of laige numbeis of respectable w oilcing men Hitheito they have been ndiculcd and deiided as bogus organizations without root or îeahty, but the noisy adherents of the League o\ idently bet- in. to feai that after all there is a laige sprinkling of woiking men who aro opposed to their clamorous agitation Ono of these nv al bodies- the Motiopohtan Woiking Men's» Consen ativ o Association convened a meeting.at St James s hall on the 17th mst, foi the pin poso of expiessmg tho attachment of its membeis to the moimi chicalandpaihamentaiy constitution of tho countiy, to protestiigamsticv olutionaiy agita tion, and to vindicate the pin lieges accoided to the people by tho Ci own in the peaceable enjoyment of the Rojal pailas foi lccrcation The aim of this association is to unite tho Consolvativcs of tho metiopohs against tho spiead in England of demociatic and lepubh can pnnciples bj welding together nell and pooi m delencc of conten ativ c and consti tutional pnnciples 'Hie committee pioposu tho following objects as desnablo of attain mont -To eiect a uu ti al hall m Lou don, with librarj, leading loom, ¿vc , wheto all classes may meet To suggest the formation, and to fostei thogiowth, wheio previously foimed of woiking mon's Con Beivatno associations thioughout tho nietio poll« 'lo attend to the îcgisteis To opposo tim spmt which tends to set class against cass To mipioio tho dwellings of the woik- ing class mein bei s of such club and such associations To assist the inoiubois of such Consenailie associations in tho economical outlnv of their earnings To piomoto tho education of the childi cn of its woiking class menibois and to take nieasuics to secuio foi them bettei accommodation m the oxist nig pansh and distnet chinches To pioviue aid against times of sicklies«) and penods of ipidenuc visitations, and to piomoto a sjstcm of life assuianco among the membeis on tho mutual prin- ciple Pi loi to tho gi cat gathciing tho mem- beis of the association mel to confiim tho rules for its govoiiiinont, and tho election of the picsidont, the vice picsulinte, committee, andofheeis Mr lî N how lei was chosen piesident At the ev ening meeting, howovci, the plmii of tho piomotois woio ontiiely upset Admission was given by tickets, on winch was punted tho condition, that "ovciy ono making uso of tho tiekot is assumed lo bo fa*iOiunblc to the objects of tho meeting, and consents to bo mied by the ellan man Notwithstanding this a laige patty of loughs headed by Mantle Lueiaft, and othei distinguished niombeis of the I League Council, stouned tho platfoim, nie vented b> jells and upioai anything uko speech making and liaiihfoimcd what would otheiwiso havo been a pineeiiblo and well ouleicd assembly into a Pandemonium ihe rcpoitois had to ileofoi then lives thou "flying,' pencils received na impetus un. known in stenography, mid the ii note books weie tiampled mulei foot Fortunately a police station is in close proximity, and tim ty or forty of "tho force" came to tho rescue Several of tho ringleaders in this outrage were secured and conveyed to the lock up Commenting on this new and ugly sign of the times, the Standard remarks -"If tho objects of the prompters of tho meeting had been to test tho boasted liberality and love of fair play of tho Radical working men, that object has been completely fulfilled, It is proved now that those who call themselves the Liberal Reformers of London can only permit themselves to hear one side of tho question. They must speak them- selves, but no one else shall dare to open his mouth. What though they have been left undisturbed at their own meetings, and have ney cr been interfered with, even when they have come into our places of recreation and become a public nuisance-it is the last thing in their minds to give an opponent a a fail hearing. There must be only ono kind of speech permitted, and that is the speech which Mr. Beales's lieutenants shall signify to be properly liberal. It was impossible not to perceive last night how perfectly well organised were the powers of disorder, and how utterly helpless, in such a contest, were those who came to sig- nify their respect for the law and tho Con- stitution. How was it possible that tho scene could end, except in the triumph of tho ragged and bellowing troop led by tho Reform leaguers? "To understand the full meaning of this latest demonstration we should remember what were the objects of the meeting which was disturbed last night. First and foremost, it was proposed that there should be a public expres- sion of ' the attachment of all classes of Her Majesty's subjects to the monarchical and Parliamentary Constitution of the country.' "Well, we must presume that Mr. Mantle did not desire that we should express our attach- ment to Her Majesty and to the Constitution. He and his gang must have gone there to negative that proposition, if they went thero for any purpose ; and, indeed, the large red flag which was ostentatiously produced, and which was the signal for enthusiastic cheer- ing and waving of dirty hats, had been provided especially with an eye to put to shame the supporters of the Crown and the Consti- tution. 'To protest against revolutionary agitation' was another object of the meeting, and we must therefore presume that the rush to the platform was a practical demonstration in favour of 'revolutionary agitation.' 'To vindicate the privileges accorded to the people by the Crown in the peaceable enjoyment of the parks for the purposes of recreation,' was the third and last point on which an expres- sion of opinion was sought ; and on this head its was scarcely surprising that the Reform League should have entered an objection. The result of this attempt to have a free and fair exposition of certain leading political questions of the day, will, we trust, prove to the perfect satisfaction of the respectable classes of the community how hopeless it is to expect any useful result from a metro- politan public meeting. It will serve also to show the true character of tho league, which has been hitherto identified with the cause of liberality and reform; and for this lesson we cannot but be thankful, even though it has been learnt at tho cost of some discomfort and inconvenience to the Conservative working men of London." THE RIOTS AT BIRMINGHAM. Birmingham has been the scene of a far more serious and disgraceful cncountci than the ' political mêlée just described, which has well nigh paralleled the riots of Gordon and Priestley notoriety. Australian readers of English newspapers will probably have noticed, from time to time, paragraphs record- ing the excitement and commotion produced in various midland towns by tho anti-Papal lectures of a Mr. Murphy. This " firebrand'' appears to be the paid agent of the Protestant Electoral Union, an association started by Mr. Whalley, and a number of his ultra-Protestant supporters. Some time ago Mr. Murphy, m the prosecution of his mission, applied to the mayor of Birmingham for the use of the Town-hall for the delivery of a course of lectures on the " Errors of Roman Catholicism." Warned by the disturbances which had already oc- curred at Wolverhampton, Wednesbury, and other places, the mayor refused the request. Thereupon some local friends of the lec turer elected a temporary structure called a Tabernacle, capable of holding 3,000 people. The meetings were inaugurated last Sunday week by sermons in the afternoon and evening. As these lec- tuies were interpreted as a wanton attack upon their faith, the ignorant Catholic popu- lation of the town, chiefly Irish, were uncou tiollably excited. A tumultuous mob of men and women surged mound the building during the greater part of Sunday, hooting, pushing, and at last throwing stones. The police in- terfered to clear the sheets, but encountered a desperate resistance, and had to use their cutlasses freely before they could disperse the assailants. Serious injuries were indicted, and several poisons were taken to the hos- pital, while numerous arrests were made. In the course of the evening, the mayor, some of his brother magistrates, and one or two priests, used their endeavours to pacify the crowd, but in vain. Monday was a yet darker day. From tho morning the neighbourhood of the Tabernacle was thronged, and as the day advanced Protestant reprisals commenced with the destruction and sacking of two sheets, and an attack on a Roman Catholic chapel. In the evening the town was under reign of tenor. Bands of men, aimed with staves, of one faction or the other, were in possession of the whole locality mound the Tabernacle, and the mayor read the Riot Act in three several places. In the meantime assistance had been procured from the military authorities. Soon after three o'clock, two or thee streets were cleared and occupied by a force of in fantry; a troop of hassars was dispatched at a later horn from Coventry; and a detach- ment of the 82nd Regiment arrived a little before midnight from Weedon. Thus rein forced, the magistrates and police soon be came masters of the position, though stones and brickbats continued to be hurled, and many casualties occurred, one of the hussars being seriously wounded and taken to the hospital. On Tuesday, a renewal of the riot- ing was feared; a number of arrests were made, special constables were sworn in, the pensioners were called out, and a corps of rifle volunteers hold in readiness for any fresh emergency. In the evening, another body of troops arrived from Man- chester, It was not until Thursday that order and quietude were restored. The de- vastations wrought are fearful ; many houses in some sheets are totally ruined, the furni- ture of the occupants is destroyed, and many poor people have been made homeless. Mi. Murphy is of course severely censured for having provoked this outbreak of religious fanaticism, by his intemperate and insulting attacks upon Popery, the Romish priesthood, and Ritualistic perverts. Attempts were made to induce him to relinquish his purpose of delivering his lectures, but without effect. This rabid zealot declared on Tuesday, the 18th:-" I will cany out my lectuies it they walk over my body as a dead corpse. And I say to the mayor of Birmingham, ho must and shall protect mc j he is my servant while I am in Bnrmingham, and as my servant he must do his duty. There was a stone thrown at him to-day. I hope it will do him good, and that the Popish stone will let him see what Popery is. And he will get better if he gets a couple of more stones. Those sen- tences show tho temper of tho man. As ex- amples of the flowers of rhetoric with which his oratory is adorned, he designated tho Pope as the greatest " rag and bone gatherer in tho universe," and undertook to prove that the Romish priests are liars, pickpockets, murderers, and cannibals. It might have been supposed that such indiscretion and ex asperating virulence would have elicited reproof from his patrons of the " Union," but unhappily such is not the ease. On Tuesday Mi. Whalley, M.P., his great patron, together with some other gentlemen of the same ilk, presented themselves in Birmingham. In the presence of the mayor they claimed for their emissary complete "freedom of speech," and denied all indiscretion on his part. While on the subject of riots, I may refer to a very unpleasant and fatal incident which took place about tho middle of the month at Waterford. At tho close of May there was a mysterious landing of a large body of suspi- cious characters near Dungarvan. Many of them were captured and confined, and on examination they proved to be American Fenians, who, after having escaped to sea on tho collapse of the rebellion, were again driven aslioi o in a pitiable condition. Soma of them mo said to bo men of high social position in tho United States. Tho cnptuio of theso men giently ox cited tho population in somo paris of tho country, anti particulariy at Waterton!. While they weio being convoyod through that city en route to Dublin, tho polico escort was assailed by a laigo mob, and ft. floreo struggle onsucu, oven women taking part in. the fray. Having succeeded in lodging ti prisoners in Waterford gaol, the attack wi renewed on the return of the police, amid tho shouts of tho mob for Fenianism and ti Irish. Republic, and the men were at lengf obliged to charge in self-defence. During th charge a man named Walshe was killed, au two other persons dangerously wounded. TI »jury.at the coroner's inquest was discharge without being able to como to a verdict, s .conflicting was the evidence. The lowi classes of Waterford are represented as heir in a state of dangerous excitement. I Walshe's funeral, some 5,000 persons, coi trary to the advice of the Roman Cathol bishop, walked in procession to the gravi and his hearse was decorated with gree branches and flowers, as though he were martyr. From these and numerous oth< symptoms, it would appear that Fenianisn notwithstanding its ignominious failures, an the convictions that arc taking place befoi the special commissions, is far from dead i Ireland. The gratifying intelligence that Burke ha been reprieved at the last hour will probabl have reached Australia by telegram, or b the Panama mail. Of course, after ti: clemency of the Sovereign had bcenextende to ono of the guiltiest of the rebels, ti: sentences of deatli have, in all cases, bee commuted to various terms of penal servitudi * The example of America in sparing the live of the Confederate leaders who fell into ti: bands of the Federal Government has ne been without its influence in tempering ti indignation of the English people. Scores < Fenians have during the month bee condemned at Cork and Limerick, an sentenced with varying degrees of severity. METROPOLITAN BRIGANDAGE. . On the 4th of the present month, in ti: full blaze of day, several of tho wester districts of London, in defiance of S Richard Mayne and his army of constable were in the hands of hordes of ruffians an blackguards, who for an hour or two di what was right in their own eyes. I utter contempt of the authorities, thes brigands of the streets planned and ci ecuted a successful razzia upon all re spectable passengers who were unfortunat enough to encounter them. Centième: by scores were knocked down and plünderet of all their valuables with complete impunit in most cases, no policemen being at hand or if so, not in sufficient force, to protec the victims of these outrages. The occa sion selected for this unprecedented fora; was tbo marching of the City of Lou don Militia through some of the street westward. The Times of the follow ing morning contained a column of lettur¡ detailing some of these savage outrages, In every case the robberies took place in part of the town wheie it might have been sup posed that the most timid person could have passed along without fear of molestation, The correspondents wrote from Pall- mal. east, from Cavendish-place, from St. James's park, from the New-road, fiom Euston-road, from Hyde-park Corner, and from the City road ; and each complainant evident!} thought his own case unique ; but, whenreae together, it was clear that a wide-spread anti organised series of assaults bael been com mittcd by bands of the most desperate scoun diels.who have their laiis in London. A; the militia passed along Pcntonvillu-road, ¿hoy were 'preceded and flanked by a mol of 200 or 300 marauders, who made fice with everything that came in their way even taking watches from tradesmen whe were standing at their own doors keeping shop. If a policeman happened to be near, ana interfered he was immcdiatelysurroundeci by a hundred roughs. On Saturday, the lsl inst., the City Miiitia went to the park te be reviewed, and what happened on the way was thus described by a witness al theMai-ylebone Police Court:-"All the waj a'ong I saw the prisoner, with a gang of aboul thirty or forty roughs, rushing upon gentle- men and taking their watches right and left, and breaking umbrellas. Every gentleman the gang came near they surrounded anti . hustled, and took whatever thoy had got. At Hyde-park they surroundedanelderlyladyand gentleman, and took the lady's purse. I saw iifty or sixty persons who had lo3t theil watches." A physician, who was coming out of tho Gower-street railway station, was set upon, and his watch, valued at sixty guineas, was stolen. All the accounts arc of tho same description, and point to a con- certed movement on the part of tho criminal class. _ Such a sudden and resistless out- cropping of violence and robbery, in the broad light of day, in thronged streets, naturally produced excessive alarm and indignation. The comparative impunity with which these outrageous offences had been com- mitted would, it was feared, embolden the ruffians to attempt similar forays in the iuture. The police, of course, came in for measuieles3 denunciation ; they were no- where to be seen while these villanous deeds were going on, or, if present, were afraid to interpose. Some writers strongly censured the militia for not interfering. They saw all that was going forward around them, and, as somo witnesses affirmed, seemed to enjoy the fun amazingly. Others suggested that citizen^ should for the future go about London armed with íevolvers, so as to be able to dispense with police protection ; and a Neapolitan brigand, who happens to be sojourning in the centro of civilisation, writes to The Times, and compliments our metro- politan freebooters on their vast superiority in dash and pluck over the poor devils who waylay solitary traveller in tho mountain passes of the Abruzzi. From all quarters * comes an outcry for more police, and not a few insist that they should be armed. One good result, it is to be hoped, will como out of this fright. For some time past, notably since the f Hydc-paik riots, there has been a disposition to revilo and denounce the police and all tho defenders of public order. The consequence has been an increasing audacity on the part of all the rough and lawless classes of society. Scoundrelism must be repressed with a strong hand, or we shall speedily relapse into a state of barbarism. SHEFFIELD TRADES UNION REVE- LATIONS. Brutality, outrage, and atrocity have set an ¡indelible mark upon this pleasant month of June. Closo on tho hceis of attempted assassination, political encounters, and reli- gious faction fights, como disclosures of trades union crimes that havo struck the nation aghast with horror. During the pa3t three or four weeks a special commission has been sitting at Sheffield, to investigate the trade outrages which have so long made that town infamous. The inquiry was instituted at tho request of the local representatives of . the unions. Until quite recently, the bulk of tho ovidence taken from the more or less reluctant witnesses had reference mainly to the process known as "rattoning"-that is, theabsliaction of tho tools of workmen who have rendered themselves obnoxious to the unions. Facts in abundance were deposed to, showing the frightful despotism of these organisations, and tho ruinous persecution to which all who incur tho displcasuio of their rulers aro exposed. Trade ostracism, starvation and sometimes assassination, aro the penalties inflicted by the Sheffield Thugs. Several atrocities of the latter kind havo been committed during the post few years, . tho lost being the blowing np of Ferney ' Laugh's house with gunpowder ; but tho secretabas always been so closely kept that tho assassin has seldom been discovered. At length, however, under a pledge of indemnity from Government, several of thomurdororshavo confessed theirci¡mes, and peached on their accomplices. Whatevcrelso remains doubtful, ono horrible fact gleams out in all its -ghastlincss, namely, that tho secretary of the Sawgrindcrs' Union lias for years hired bravos to mutilate or murder obnoxious individuals. This mis . creant's namo is Broadhcad, and lie is tho keeper of a public-house. On Wednesday last a scene of extraordinary excitement took place in the court at Sheffield. A mon named Hallam, who not long sinco Jiad been committed by the commissioners "for contempt in not answering, carno forward and confessed to having been one of the mur- derers of Linley, who was shou not very long sinco. Ho stated that Broodhead had not only instigated the murder or consented to it, but had-actually paid for tho perpetration of the crime. Tho confession of Hallam, which was given in tho greatest agony of mind, and after lie had fainted in court, was to tho effect that hu and a man named Crookes, who hod been joined with him for tho purpose of shoot- ing Linley, supplied themselves with two re- volvers, followed tho unfortunate man about from place to placo for six weeks, but with- out finding an opportunity of carrying out their design. The rovolvcrs woro given up, ' and Crookes having obtained an air-gun, thoy nt length carno upon their victim at dusk, as ho was sitting in a public- house. They got into tho yard, from which they discovered ' that thero was au exit, but Crookes hesitated to fire on account of tho number of \- mon in the room where Linley was sitting. Hallam, however, threatened to do tho deed if his companion was too faint- henrled, Crookes thereupon shot the unfortunate man, and the* two assassins decamped. Crookes, on being questioned by the com "missioners, admitted"with perfect'composure J that he had "committed the murder. Neither ? of these men had any grudge against their victim. "I did not know him," said Hallam, "at the time, and I never spoke to him in my life. I had no malice against him, only his being obnoxious to the trade." The sum which they received as . "blood-money" was £15-a fact admitted by Broadhead himself on the following daj\ Hal- lam seems to have participated in more than one outrage. He blew up the premises of a firm by which an obnoxious machine had been introduced. He was asked to waylay a man named Sutcliffe, and was promised and paid £7. He " was to make him so as ho could not go to work for a week or two," and he struck bim several times on the head with a life-preserver. On subsequent days, Broadhead, the gene- ral of these Union Thugs, made a clean breast of leis fifteen years of crime ; and Crookes, with the utmost sangfroid, entered into the details of ten or twelve bloody out- rages in which he had been directly engaged. If these monsters escape the gallows, it is to be hoped that even Sheffield will spew forth from its precincts such hardened criminals. Besides these appalling revelations of Sheffield villany, the public mind has been revolted by disclosures of petty tyrannies and protectionist abominations in connexion with other trades unions, as elicited by the com- mission now collecting evidence in London. These things are rousing a general feeling of strong aversion towards the working classes, although it is well known that the majority of working men detest while they succumb to trades union despotism. Parlia- ment must afford these men and the public some effective protection against the ignorant and brutal scoundiebs who are rapidly ruin- ing the trade of the countrj*. The tailors' strike still continues. The masters, some of whom suffer severelj*, refuse to submit the disputed points to arbitration, they being de- termined to employ only non-union men. I But, meanwhile, they and the men who attempt to work for them, are picketted, dogged about, molested, and intimidated by the men on strike. Several of the officials of the Operative Association, and the men who have been cmploj*ed as pickets, were brought up at the Marlborough-strcet police station on the 2-lth, to answer the charge of conspiiacy. Several of the more culpable were committed for trial. THE DUTY OF VOLUNTEERS IN TIMES OF RIOT. , Some months ago I called attention to a controversy, arising out of a threatened attack on Chester Castle, respecting the em- ployment of volunteers in the suppression of riots. The question was left involved in a cloud of uncertainty. Recentlj*, however, the War Office has issued a circular, de- fining the. duties of volunteers in circum- stances of public disturbance The document commences by laying it down that Her Ma- jesty's subjects are bound, in case of the existence of riots, to use all reasonable en- deavours to suppress and eiuell such dis- orders ; and that members of the volunteer force are not exempted from this general ob- ligation. The civil authority is not, however, in any case entitled to order volunteers to act as a military body, with or without arms, in the preservation of peace. And although volunteers inaj-, in common with aU Her Majesty's subjects, be required to act as special constables in suppressing riots, they arc warned that when such riots do not amount to insurrection, and have not for their object the commission of felonious acts or the subversion of the civil government, they must not use any other weapon than an ordinary constable's staff, and should not ap- pear in military dress. On the other hand, it is laid down that they may use and put in action such knowledge and practice of mili- tary discipline and organisation as they may possess, for the purpose of making their com- . bincd strength more effectual. Up to this point the instructions are generally acknow- ledged to be safe and satisfactory, and strictly in accordance with law. But ex- ception in many quarters has been taken to the subsequent portion of the document, which contemplates _ more serious emer- gencies-dangerous riots and cases of poli- tical insurrection - when the civil authori- ties may call upon volunteers in com- mon with other subjects of Her Majesty, " to ann themselves with and use such other weapons of defence or attack as may be in their power, and may be suitable for the occasion." Firearms are to be "the last weapons to be caUed into action." They are to act under the direction of the civil authorities, or " according to the necessities of the occasion," if magistrates should not be at hand. If their storehouses and armouries are attacked, they may com- bine and avail themselves of their military discipline to repel such attack. The objec- tion urged to these instructions is, that too much, is left to individual judgment and responsibility. The police and military are deemed sufficient for any probable emergencj*. AMERICAN AFFAIRS. Rcconstraction proceeds slowly in the United States. There have been frequent conflicts between the generals appointed under the Military Government Bill and the constituted authorities of the several dis- tricts, and the former have not hesitated to use their powers in the deposition of unruly officials. Meanwhile the negroes are beginning to occasion trouble. They aro wnking up to an understanding of their new privileges, and in several places have asserted themselves with a portcntiousncss that would be amusing were it not dangerous. Riots also have occurred, which have only been suppressed by military interference. The committee on tlic impeachment of the President have resolved to report in favour of his being censured only, and not impeached. Mr. Davis has reached Canada, and wisely holds himself aloof from all public manifestations. Horace Grecloy, whose star had scorned in the as- cendant, has fallen into disfavour by becom- ing bail for the cx-Presidcnt, and given great offence to the moro extreme members of his party. Booth's diarj-, about which we have heard a gieat deal, has been pub- lished by order of the President ¡ but does not add much to our knowledge. Vanity seems to have been a ruling passion with the assassin ; and there are some traces of remorse for his crime. Fiom Mexico wo have the usual crop of contradictory rumours. But it is now certain that Queietaio was betrayed by treachery, and that the Emperor Maximilian is a prisoner. He is said to have telegraphed to his bl other, tho Emperor of Austria, that there is no danger, and that ho is treated in a manner which in nowise violates the usages of civilised nations. Vet the report has been circulated that he has been, or will bo, shot. Another statement, and that pro- bably the correct one, is that ho will bo tried by court-martial ; that he has appealed against such a tribunal; and that tho trial has been postponed. One dispatch even assorts that he lins been banished, and that he is on the woy home. The first result of the abolition of the Re- ciprocity Treaty between this country and the United States-thrco American steamers have been seized at Montreal for navigating the St. Lawrence without a pormit, which is now required. Canada thus claims once moro the right of controlling thu whole wator traific Dctwccn the great lakes and the sea. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (rnoir oun OWN conncsPONDENT.) LONDON, JUNE 20. Abundanco and want of employment aro the leading features in the monetary condi- tion of tho countrj'- Tho golden hoards in tho Bank of England and in the joint-stock establishments go on swelling from week to week, and no adequate outlets for tho pro- ductivo use of all this -stagnant capital ave apparent at present. Trado is restricted 'to the narrowest limits, speculation shows no signs of revival, and mercantile requirements aro totally insufficient to absoib the constant influx from Aus- tralia, America, and other countries. The rato of discount, according to anticipa- tion, was reduced on the 30th of May, from three to two and a-half per cent,, and tho tendency is Füll downwards. As tho terms in the open market have fallen to a j*et lower level, in the oager competition for tho few good bills, afloat, further action on the pait of the Bank has been looked for week by week ; and although tho di- rectors have forborno to take another downward step at present, it cannot be long before money will be freely accessible at two percent. The two Banks of England and Francecontain between them at the present moment upwards of fifty-six millions of un- employed unproductive capital, and all the other banking arteries of the country are more or less gorged with wealth which ought to pass into circulation. As this congestion is steadily increasing instead of diminishing, it is becoming a subject of .very anxious in- quiry for the country, What are wo to do with our money ? How can we employ it advan- tageously and safely ? But hitherto the ques- tion has been canvassed in vain. The financial seers can show us no visions of the future-the prophets aie for once quite at a loss in their foretellings. Everybody is waiting, expecting, hoping ; although from what quarter relief will come nobody can venture to say. Loans, new companies, rail- way extensions, mercantile speculations-all are tested, and found wanting. A consider- able time must elapse ere the investing public will forget the exposures of the past twelve months, and rush headlong into similar pit- falls of ruin. In the absence, however, of any novel form of speculation, or any all- engrossing mone- tary mania, we may look for a steady absorp- tion of all sound securities against which no prejudice has been excited. This process, already begun, may be expected to goon until the best class of securities shall have reached prices at which the earlier buyers will be dis- posed to sell and realise their profits. The confidence inspired by this rise in quotations will inevitably affect more or less favourably all inferior stocks and shares, and lead to their changing hands at advanced values. This movement will absorb some portion of our floating capital, but the great bulk will still remain, awaiting some hitherto uu imagincd outlet. The lemarkablo rise in Consols noted in my last letter continued till towards the middle of June, when a slight reaction took place, owing to realisation in the previous advance. In one week quotations rose three per cent., and the English funds stand in a better position now by five to six per cent, than they did two months ago. This rise, spread over £730,000,000 ot British Government Three per Cent, slock, represents an addition of nearly forty millions sterling to the value of the fundholders' property. Colonial deben- tures, foieign stocks, railway shares, and mis- cellaneous securities, all participated to a greater or less degree in the upward move- ment, fluctuations have occurred during the month from a variety of circumstances, but on the whole there is a healthier and more cheerful feeling abroad. The severest check to the growth of that feeling has been the fresh expose of railway mismanagement in the case of the Brighton line. Within the last few days there has been great stagnation on the Stock Exchange, and consequent re- action in prices. Australian securities have been in rather brisk demand. New South Wales deben- tures have improved so greatly in value, that the speculators who took up the last loan have been realising a profit of from five to six per cent, on their purchases. Victorian debentures stand again at 110 in our Stock Exchange list. New Zealand debentures are held in gieat favour, although those issued by the provinces fail to find buyers even in the present plethora of our money market. The Tasmanian Government are about to try their hands at a small loan of £100,000, which, it is expected, will be brought out by the Bank oí New South Wales within the ' next fortnight. As the colony is not much known in England, the success of this loan is very doubtful. At Paris, Hamburg, and Frankfort, the rate of discount in the open market is 2 per cent. ; at Vienna and Turin, 5 ; at Amster- dam and Berlin, 2i ; at Brussels, 2\ ; and at St. Petersburg, 8 per cent. Below are the latest quotations of Austra- lian securities and shares : Sharel Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Shares g §.] Names of Companies, &c.; Latest Prices. 30 Stock Stock Stock £ GOVERNMENT STOCKS. 100 Victoria Government 0 por cent. (Jan. and July) Do., do. (April and Oct.) NewSouth Wnle8,6percent., 1871 to 1870.. Do., do., 1888 to 1801 Do., do., 1867 to 1875 (rc dcemnhle). 100 South Australian, Oporcont, I (Jan. and July) .. 100 MelbourneCorporntion.Gper cent. (May and Nov.) 100 Geelong Corporation, 0 por cent. (May and Nov.) 100 Queensland 0 per cent. (Jan. and July) .. ," 100 New Zealand, 0 per cont. (General Government) 100 Do., ii percent. COJII'ANIES' BONDS. 100 Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Ballway, 0 per cent. Bonds (16S0) 100 Do., G percent., 1805 DANKS. 20 New South Wales .. 40 lAustrala-sia. Union of Australia .. South Australia London Chartered of Aus tralla. 20 English, Scottish, and Aus tral ¡an Chartered Oriental . New Zealand. Victoria .. .. - ., Otago., 20 Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China National of Australasia MINKS. Yudanamutanaof SuulhAus tralla . Port PhillipMiningCompany Scottish Australian Mining.. Kapunda, S.A. Worthing Copper, S.A. Yorke 1'cniusula SIISCKLLANK0U8. 20} Australian Agricultural .. Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance 21 English and Australian Cop. per. All Melbourneand Hobson's Bay 2 Otago and Southland Invest- ment Company G New Zealand Trust and Loan 2} Now Zealand Loan and Mor cantilo Agency 10 Panama, Now Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail All Do.,do. All Peninsular and Oriental Steam . All Soutli Australian Land 1 Trust and Agency of Au» tralasla . 23} Van Dlcmon's Land Agri- cultural . 100 North British Australasian Land. 100 Peel Uiver Land and Mineral 100 Scott Uli Australian Invest- ment. 110 108} 07 01} 03} 109 101 103 00 106 . 95 OS 82. 33 51 201 * The quotations include the accrued Intorcst on debentures. NEW INVESTMENTS. Early in the month the Crown agents for the colonies disposed of £200,000 Cape of Good Hope Government six per cent, deben- tures by public tender. The applications amounted altogether to £473,700, varying from 90 to 100. All at and above 104 were received in full, and one offer at £103 18s. in part. The minimum was fixed at 102}. In consequence of the superabundant supply of money, numerous applications havo been made by foreign Governments, though with little success. The habit of incessant borrowing which many of these Governments have formed, and tho discredit into which they havo fallen through repeated violations of good faith, have rendered the British public cautious in the disposal of their capital. Tho most important loan transaction of the m.onth has been an application from tho Russian Government through tho medium of Messrs. Thomson, Bouar, and Co., for £2,000,000 in five per cent, bonds for a railway from Orel to Vitebsk. The issuing prico was seventy-seven and a half, represent- ing a money total of £1,550,000. The guarantee for the five per cent, interest is not dependent on the line paying its working expenses, but is unqualified and free from all contingencies. Thcbondsareto bo redeemedbya sinking fund at pal within a term of eighty-five years. Yot, in spite of these attractions, it is doubtful whether the full amount of the loan was sub- scribed ; but, whether so or not, the quota- tions on the Stock Exchange at once fell to a discount. This circumstanco may bo ex-' plained by the fact that the financial lidolity of he Russian Government lins fallen under suspicion of late. Only a few days ago there was a meeting of the holders of tho bonds of the Russian three per cent, loan of 1859, to consider the non-fulfilmont of the conditions of the loan, and tho steps advisablo to bo token thereon. It appears that the annual reduction of tho debt by means of a sinking fund has not takon place in accordance witli the conditions of the negotiation. _ A coin mittco was appointed to communicate with tli3 Russian Government on the subject. Another Egyptian loan has been impend- ing over our market for a considerable time. About a fortnight sinco wo wero told from Alexandria that tho amount was to be £4,000,000 or £5,000,000, which was to bo raised in Paris and London by Messrs. Oonon, Aubry, and Co., and Messrs. Robinson and Fleming. Tho prico of issuo was to bo eiglity-hvo or eighty-oight, with interest 1 at oleven per cent., and a sinking fund to pay off the entire loan in thirty years. ' rumour of this new negotiation immedia depressed the markot value of previ Egyptian stock, and within the lost few c it has been announced that thero is no in1 tion of introducing the loan at present. ! fact is that the Egyptian Government is i dering _ itself extremely ' unpopular by borrowing propensities. Few months h elapsed since 18G2, in which there has been a report of Egyptian wants and tempts to " raise the wind ;" and the effec this incessant suing for money at. the gi of the European bourses will be to exel the Viceroy altogether from our mo markets.' - ? ' The hopes of Spanish bondholders in 1 country and in France have been exci anew, only to be again disappointed. '. Government at Madrid is, of course, dre fully straitened for money; and, as th was no chance of obtaining a loan ui justice was done to its sliamcfully-rob1 creditors, it was allowed to transpire that Finance Minister was about to propose m sures for the equitable adjustment of lo disputed claims. This was intended to : the bondholders in goodspirits, andpropiti copitalistsin general; and, to agreatextent, cheering news had the desired effect. Butgr was the chagrin, and strong the rcacti< when the plan of the Minister was unfold It is marred by flagrant inequality. T fresh attempt will excite all the oldsuspicii of Spanish financial honour, and probably feat the success of any appeal to this coun for pecuniary aid. In Italy, a third attempt to construct scheme acceptable to the Parliament fo loan has proved abortive, and the couiv seems drifting into a condition of financ anarchy. The destructive forces need so: strong restraint, and the threatened co d'état may at length be welcomed as a nee sity for the salvation of the kingdom. Portugal is spoken of as likely soon to 1 come an applicant in our market, but t moment is deemed inauspicious at present those engaged to act as agents in the tra: action. Messrs. J. S. Morgan and Co. have issuei notice respecting a Pennsylvonian State Lo of 23,000,000dols., bearing interest at six] cent, per annum. The loan is payable in thi series. The first series is redeemable at t option of the state after five years, but'l comes absolutely payable in ten years. T second series in like manner becomes redee able after ten years, and absolutely'payable fifteen years. The third scries is redèemal after fifteen j'cars, and payable in twenty-fi years. The loan was contracted by the sta for the purpose of redeeming its overdi bonds, by paying them off in the order their muturity. Messrs. Morgan and Co. a authorised to offer1 bonds of the first or s cond series of the above loan, with coupo attached, for interest from August, 1807, exchange for overdue five per cent, bonds the state, or for certificates of indebtedness The Delhi Railway Company has announc a second issue of capital to the extent £2,500,000, in 125,000 shares of £20 eac bearing a guaranteed interest by the Couni of India ol five per cent, per annum. We leam from Constantinople that a deer respecting the enfranchisement of some the Crown lands has appeared, which w materially add to the resources of the tre sury for the next four or live years.- Ti increase during this present year will be, it said, about £3,000,000. This news is of ii portance to the holders of Turkish bone! whose dividends, it may fairly be assume will thereby be better secured. According to the Levant Herald, a loan £400,000 is said to have been effected wii Messrs. Camondo, Stefanovitch, and Tubir to defray the expenses of the visit of ti Sultan to Paris and England. The committee of Venezuelan bondholde of the 1804 loan had an interview recent ' with Lord Stanley at the Foreign-office, . whom they submitted that the seizure of ti import duties specially hypothecated to the: was an act as flagitious and illegal as if ti Venezuelan Government had confiscate merchandise belonging to British subjects i the storehouses of their ports. Lord Stank paid great attention to the representatioi offered, and announced that the matta should have his most serious consideration. The directors of the London and Wes minster Bank have recommended the issu of 50,000 new shares, upon which £20 pi share will be called up during the ne: eighteen months, thus raising the paid-u capital of the institution to £2,000,000. Th shares are to be offered to the proprietor; share for share, at £10 premium, which pr( mium (amounting to £500,000) is to be adde to the reserved fund. Thenceforward th whole of the nett earnings will be divideci The proposal will be submitted to the shan holden at the approaching meeting in Julj In tlie meantime the price of the bwik share has gone up considerably. The company formed last year for the util: sation of the ironsand of New Zealand ha delayctl its operations pending negotiation with the Provincial Government, in cor nexi'on with the report oí Dr. Noad, professe of metallurgical chemistry, St. George' Hospital, on the success of the process c smelting patented by the company. The re port of Dr. Noad being satisfactory, opera tions are to bo at once commenced, as an nounccd by a further prospectus just issued Mr. Jordan, late agent-general for Queens land, has been appointed managing directoi intending to proceed almost immediately t< New Zealand, and the manager of the work is to follow with the plant. A plan for the reconstruction of the Im perialLandCompanyof Marseilleshasbecnpu forth, whereby the liability will be reduced and fully paid-up shares and debenture, handed over to the proprietors in lieu of the present shares. A call of £1 per share wai made payable on the 10th instant. The re constructed company will be called "Tin Consolidated Land Congony of France Limited." A prospectus has been issued of the Val paraíso Waterworks Company, with a capita of £200,000, in shares of £20, to supply the cit; of Valparaiso, with water through a cana to be cut from the Aconcagua river, llowin.i from the Andes. This canal, a portion o which has already been completed, is at tin same time calculated to yield a revenue b; furnishing water for irrigation to the land" throughout its course. The concession give: certain exclusive rights for thirty-three years and the cousideration to bo paid for it, in eluding the portion of the canal already com pleted, will consist of 5,000 fully paiel-u¡ shares of £20 each, such shares not to bi delivered until the undertaking shall havi been completed. The prospectus has been issued of the Taouaril Gold-mining Company (limited), with a proposed capital of £100,000, ir 100,000 shares of £1 each. It is intended te purchase the freehold estate of Taquaril, ii: Brazil, including the mines thereon, foi £14,000 in cash and £12,000 in shares. The property adjoins the Morro Velho estate, belonging to the St. John del Roy Company. It is proposed to form a new company to work the Pari Mine, in Brazil, belonging te the Santa Barbara Gold-mining Company, which is now in course of liquidation. The minc is stated to be realising a small monthly profit, though it is being worked at great disadvantage and on a limited scale. The capital is fixed at £15,000. THE BRIGHTON RAILWAY COMPANY. It was hoped that wo had como to the end of the startling revelations respecting the maladministration of our railways ; but that bono has proved illusive. It was already well known, by the preliminary report of a committee of investigation, that the prosperity of tho London and Brighton Company had been ruined by recklessness, prodigality, and culpablo folly ; but it was not till the presentation of a second and elaborate report from the pen of Lord West- bury that the full magnitude of the disaster was appreciated by the shareholders and the public. For insane extravagance, audacious indiscretion, and fraudulent manouvres, this company will probably tako a notorious precedence over any of its predecessors in ill fame. From the position of a modol line under the management of Mr. Laing, it has fallen by degrees into a bankrupt con- dition under the evil auspices of Mr. Leo Schuster. The directors of this company have been thrust, in the pillory of public opinion, and must expect to bo pelted with epithets, ot which "fools" will bo the lightest. 1 bostock which not long sinco stood at over 90 has fallen to 54 ; there is no dividond, and,no prospect of one for somo time. Formor divi- dends hove been paid out of capital to the extent of nearly half a million, and thero are liabilities at the present moment amount- ing to two millions, half of which must bo met immediately by tho issuo of now 3harcs. Nor is thi* tho worst. Tho accounts havo been systematically "cooked," false balance-sheets have been issued, and the directors have, it is alleged, " by false representations and sup- pressions of tho truth, obtained money from the shareholders, which they aro bound to repay. In fact, there has been tho grossest incapacity, supplemented by falsehood and lraud. Several of the branch lines, on which millions have been squandered, wore actually got up by officials and members of the board, and then palmed upon the shareholders as having been promoted by independent and rival companies. More astute villanycc scarcely be conceived. Of course, s directors will be driven from their seats.; Laing has been requested to resume chairmanship of the board. The disclost of the Committee, of Investigation havo flictcd a serions damage on railway prppi in general. Proprietors of stock naturi feel uneasy, not ..knowing what revelati tnay be in store for them at any hour. Fin cial morality seems to exist nowhere. The settlement of the London, Chathi and Dover Railway affairs seems to be as off as ever. A week ago it was announ that an arrangement had been arrived at the directors and the debenture commil whereby the line should be taken out Chancery, and should be allowed a pei of five years for _ development. 'J now board to consist of four sin holders and four debenture-holders, v are to issue £500,000 new debenture sti to ride over everything. Moreover, th is to be no attempt at sale for years. No sooner was this arrangem made public, than dissentient began towi to the papers to denounce it and threa opposition ; and within the last few days diicctors have issued a statement of accou between the company and the contracte Eutting altogether a new face on the wh usiness, and representing Messrs. Peto ¡i Co. as indebted to the railway to the ext of £7,423,101. This is turning tables witl vengeance, and making demands on an I penal scale. The contractors have hitlie insisted that the company was largely debtcd to them. We shall probably h more ere long of this financial legerdema At all events, we havo here the seed-bed an interminable crop of litigation. The call of £10 per share, or £1,000,000 the shares in Overend, Gurney, and C authorised by Vice-Chancellor Malins on I 3rd inst., fell due yesterday. A considera number of the shareholders declined to p pending the appeal to the Lords Justic According to a circular just issued by I Defence Committee, the Lords Justices ht virtually reversed the Chancellor's opinion to the liability of the shareholders. ï Linklater, the liquidator, says that the < ficiency of assets amounts to only £00,0 Why, then, call up a million ? Messrs. LTarford, an old-established und writing firm at Lloyd's, have suspended, I notice has been given that they will resui payment on the 1st of July next. Messrs. Fry and Higgs, underwriters, ha also stopped; but at a private meeting creditors it was resolved that the firm shoi cany on their China business, and ti Messrs. Morice, Campbell, and Simps should be liquidators to the estate. Two dealers in the Stock Exchange ha failed, owing to large losses through rece operations for a fall in the English fun< home railway stocks, and other securitl One of them was a "bear" of £90,000 Co sols, nnd his liabilities reach £10,000, agaii: only £500 of assets. At a meeting of the creditors of Mess Ambrose Beard and Sons, Beard and Thomi and J. S. Smeeth and Co., in the iron trat of South Staffordshire, the liabilities we stated at £71,000, and the assets at abo £31,000. Tile estates are to be assigned creditors, who will investigate and report a future meeting. The failure of Mr. W. II. Thompson, Graham's Town, is mentioned in the Cape Good Hope papers. It is stated that t: liabilities are likely to be large. . ' The New York papers state that bids a made in that city of lös. in the pound for ti bills of Fraser, Trenholm, and Co., of Live pool, who suspended last month. This consequent on reports that the cotton ownt by the firm amounts at present prices to 10 Gd. in the pound on their liabilities, leavii only 3s. Od. to be made up by the large asse in real estate and vessels. A Bombay paper states that £37,000.» havo been lost in that presidency by insc vencies during the last two years. A first dividend of 3s. in the pound hi been ordered by the Master of the Bolls ' be paid to the creditors of Barned's Bankii Company (Limited). DIVIDEND MEETINGS. The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Nay gation Company is not prospering ; it has ii curred a working loss of £3G,000 on the hal year ending March 31, and is in consequcn; unable to pay a dividend. The chairman, i explanation of this adverse state ot affair remarked that it arose from two consi quences, viz., the enormous increase in ti necessary outlay, and the almost total cessi tion of freight on specie which the compan had been accustomed to receive regularl for the past fourteen years. There was als the strong competition of the French unde: taking to contend against; and anothc important fact was, that since the Per insular and 'Oriental Company was estt blished the cost of ships' stores, wages, &c; had risen at least twenty per cent. At th same time, while he wished to place the pos tion of the concern fully before the shan holders, he did not desire in any way to lea them to take a desponding view of its pros poets. The commerce between this countr and the East may be expected to increas greatly, and the postal communieatio is also becoming something enormoui When the present mail contract expire the board will take steps to. lay th question of an increased subsidy befor the Government, in the full belief that i will take an enlightened and liberal view c the matter, and grant such an amount c subsidy as will enable the company to pay : fair return on the- capital embarked. The ri port was adopted, after considerable discus sion, in which the directors were censured fo not having the supply of provisions and store competed for, and inquiries were made wh; coals were not obtained from Australia o from the rich mines of Labuan, instead o shipping supplies from England at such ai immense cost. At the meeting of the China Steamship ant Labuan Coal Company (Limited), on the 19th convened by the directors to afford explana tions to the shareholders with respect to tin call just announced by the liquidators of &'. 10s. per share, reporters for the press wen not allowed by the chairman and the solici tor to be present, notwithstanding a stronglj expressed wish to the contrary on the part o: most of the proprietors in the room. A rae morniidum irom the company states tha a resolution was unanimously passed - "That this meeting consider it for ti« interests of the shareholders that a call ol 30s. be now made, and those present eamestlj appeal to all the shareholders to pay up tin call forthwith, including the arrears." The report of the London Chartered Ban! of Australia, presented on the 7th of June, recommended a bonus of one per cent., ir addition to the usual dividend at the rate o: eight per cent, per annum, together with the appropriation of £3,000 to the building fund which absorbed £53,000, and left £10,570 te be carried forward. The report was adopted. The report of the South Australian Bank ing Company, presented on the 18th of June, recommended a dividend at the rate of eighl per cent, per annum, to be paid partly out ol the accumulations of interest on the reserve fund, to the amount of £10,GOO. This ii owing to the depreciation in profits and in the value of securities from the Australian crisis of last year. After a searching scrutinj of the assets, all bad and doubtful debts have been written off, and the directors state the general business of the bank to be in a safe and satisfactory condition. The report was passed ; and, at the close of the proceedings, the meeting was made special, and a series ot resolutions empowering the directors to take tho necessary steps for obtaining a new charter, with power to increase the capital of the company to £1,000,000, were proposed and carried. At a meeting of the Scottish Australian Mining Company, a dividend at the rate of seven and a half per cent, premium was adopted. The coal raised from the Lambton colliery during the latter six month of 180G was 80,172 tons, against 70,771 tons during the corresponding period. Net profit, G.971 ; -after writing off £1,058, balance of pre- liminary expenses, &c;, tho devisable profit was £5,137. '1 he thirty-first annual mooting of the South Australian Company was held on the 10th inst., when the directors' report was adopted. According to that document, the income for the year, after deducting home and colonial charges, is £30,171. From this sum the direc- tors recommended that a dividend of eight Ser cent, per annum, freo of income tax, be eclared payable on 15th July and 15th Janu- ary next. They also recommended that a bonus of two per cent., or 10s. per share, be paid to the proprietors ' on the 15th July. This bonus is derived from the surplus profits of the years 18G4 and 1805, which the directors did not feel justified in dividing until they were satisfied that tho in- creased income of the company would pro- bably bo maintained. Warrants for the payment of the dividend declared by ihc London and Australian Agency Company were issued yesterday. Mr. II. J. Lubbock, of Lombard-street, bos joined the board of direction of the Aus-, trnlian Mortgage Land and Finance Com- pany. Tho London branch of tho Southern Marino Insuranco Company of Melbourno have removed to their new cilices, J. Royal Exchange-buildings. ^^iV'ï'f'v The following memorandum* "is.. fromHho Bank of "New Zealand :-'-'. The'Bunk of 'New Zealand are now receiving for payment the outstanding eight per cent. Treasury bills of the Now Zealand Government due the 30th inst. ¡the coupons for interest due on all un- paid New ' Zealand Government eight per cents. ; on the AucklandjHarbour seven per cent, loan, £25,000 ; on Canterbury six per cent, loan, £500,000 ; on Canterbury eight per cent, loan, £30,000 ; Otago six per cent, loan, £500,000 ; and on Otago eight per cent, bonds, £75,000." TRADE BEPOKTS, &C.; The Board of Trade returns continue to show a great contraction of trade compared with last year. The exports for the month of April exhibit a falling- off in value of £1,501,500, or about 10 per cent., contrasted with those of April, 1860, although they are 15 per cent, above those of the samo period of 1805. Tlie reduction is divided among all the principle articles. It is still to be observed, however, that much of the diminution in the general total is due to the deel ino in the price of cotton, since, while in our shipments of cot- ton mamifachucs there has bcenafalling-off of 13 per cent, in value, thero has been an in ciease of 5 per cent, in quantity. The reduc- tion in the value of shipments of other ai tides has been as follows :-Woollen manu- factures, 13 per cent. ; iron and steel ma- nufactures, 16 per cent. ; machinery, also 10 per cent. ; hardwares, 0 per cent.; earthenware, 2 per cent. ; linen manufac- tures, 22 per cent. ; silk manufacture.-), 43 lier cent. ; and haberdashery, 30 per cent. With regard to our importations, it appears that the arrivals of cotton were only 98/,176cwt., against 1,603,025cwt. in April, 1860, and that the total receipts lor the first four months of the year have been 24 per cent, below those of the corresponding interval of last year, a result almost entirely attributable to the diminution in the Indian supplj*. Of wheat the arrivals have been large, showing a total of 3,230,018cwt. against l,511,460cw*t. in April, 1865, more than 40 x>cr cent, of the entire quantity having been derived from Russia. Of flour, the arrivals haye again been comparatively light, amounting only to 245,280cwt., against 488,898cwt. last year, a reduction wholly at- tributable to the comparative smallncss of the consignments from France. For the first four months of the present year the total declared value of our exporta- tions has been £56,180,529, a falling off of nearly 10 per cent, from the corresponding four months of last year, but an increase of l8 per cent, over those of the same period of the preceding year. The Atlantic cable of 1866 has been suc- cessfully repaired. The ship Chiltern sailed from Greenwich on the 5th inst. with an ex- perienced staff from the Telegraph Construc- tion and Maintenance Companj-, and in thirteen days after she left the repair, was accomplished. The injury proved to be at the very place indicated by the electricians testing from Valentia, viz., two miles and a half from the station at Heart's Content. A concession has been granted by the Danish Government for laying a cable be- tween tho coast of Yorlcshire and Denmark. The Telegraph Construction and Mainten- ance Company are to carry out the works, and good profits, it is anticipated, will be made. A further line to Nortuern Russia is is contemplation for next year. THE CHEAT EASTEBN. The arrangements relative to this vessel, which, as a speculation in the hands of a French company, resulted in a disastrous failure, are about to enter upon another phase, negotiations being on foot to form a strong and influential companj', which, with ample capital, will make another effort to run the steamer successfully between America and France. HAIUTST PROSPECTS. Our harvest prospects are, on the whole, decidedly favourable, 'flic hay season is coming on rapidly. The cereals have still several critical stages to go through ; yet, judging -from the appearance of the crops while they arc passing the important ear forming stage, and with auspicious weather for the next six weeks, competent judges an- ticipate a full average yield of agricultural produce COLONIAL WOOL SALES. The wool sales are still in progress. Re- specting their present position, Mr. Ilelmuth Schwartzc, in a circular dated the 21st, states:-The following wools have, up to date, been catalogued for our present public sales :-18,908 bales Sydney, 49,973 Port Phillip, 6,282 Van Diemen'sLand, 17,793 Ade- laide, 1,974 Swan River, 19,497 New Zealand, 25,770Cape,l,742sundrics; total, 141,945bales, leaving still to be disposed of 43,000 bales. The sales are well attended, and biddings fairly spirited. Port Phillip combing wools have, within the last few daj*s, decidedly im- proved their position, good grease especially realising satisfactory rates, which is chiclly owing to the continued good competition of the continental, and particularly the French buj*ers, who, throughout the series, have kept up the tone, and prevented the sales from assuming the downward tendency which the sluggish state of the English trade might otherwise have brought about. Of Capes, the good light sorts continue to command fair rates, but heavy and faulty descriptions have again receded, and sell as cheap as at any period during the sales. The quantity, how- ever, of Capes still to be offered is so very small that an improvement in prices dnring the last week of the series is not improbable. The value of all good wools-Australian and Cape-is on a par with March ¡ all descrip- tions, more or less faulty, orin bad condition, arc Id. per lb. lower than March, and very irregular of sale. The auctions (as regards colonial wools) will close on Saturday, the 29th, instead of the 6th of July, as previously arranged, and the low wools will probably bo offered on the 2nd and 3rd of July. TnE LONDON WOOL SALES. Messrs. Willans, Ovcrbury, and Co. write from London on the 25th June : "Tho second scries of colonial wool sales for tho current year commenced on tho loth ult., and will terminate on tho 20th hist. Tho arrivals to tho former dato (of which about 10,000 bales havo been forwarded direct to tho manufacturing districts), and the quantities catalogued to tho present, aro as follows : (Quantity i Quantity |arrived loth catalogued May. I to elate. Now South Wales and Queensland Victoria . Tasmania . South Australia Now Zealand. Western Australia Capo of Good Hopo, eastern and western provinces .. Sundries . Bales. 30,611 87,812 9,011 29,528 29,240 2,208 27,770 Bales. 24,077 65,21» 7,018 20,215 28,231 2,207 20,001 1,031 Total .I 213,705 I 101,213 The increasing facilities of transit In tho Australian colonies, and tho consequent heavy arrivals during tho first six months of tho year, aro gradually introduclni; a chango In the course of busi- ness, which should not bo lost sight of in dealing with tho present or In forming an cstlmato of the future. Illtliorto it lias been tho Invariable rulo to admit all cargoes reported at Lloyd's provious to four o'clock on the opening day of sale, but on this occasion tho arrivals vvoro so largo (213,000 bales), and tho stato of trado so discouraging, that the committee counselled a departure from the usual practico, and strongly recommended all parties Interested to restrict their sales to tho quantity which had already como to hand on tho Oth May (somo .185,000 bales). As tho scries will bo brought to a closoon the 29th inst., and as only 101,213 bales havo as yot passed tho hammer, it maj- bo presumed that this rccouimondation has been gcnorallj- carried out, and thoro can bo llttlo doubt that tho courso adopted has contributed lu no small degreo to tho support of prices throughout. As will bo seon from tho comparison of quantities In- stituted abovo, tho wools hold ovor consist mainly of importations from Victoria. It must not, however, bo Inferred on that account that this class of wool lias been specially neglected. Tho contrary Indeed Is tho fact. At tho commencement of tho sorlos, greasy par- cels, which rulod rolatlvoly dear In March, undorwont tho extremo reduction of ljd. per lb., but thoy speedily recovered to tho oxtont of id. to Id. per lb., while washed fleeces of medium to good quality vvoro at no time moro than Id. per lb. choapor. At present both descriptions aro selling as nearly as possible at ilarcb prices. Sydnoy wools.vvhlcli vvoro thoflr>t to suitor from Iho depreciation which took placo at tho com- mencement of tho year, do not share equally in this recovery. Tho finer clothings sorts In particular aro obtainable on lower tenns than for somo yoars past, and faulty parcols aro greatly nogloctod. Sound stapled flocks of medium to good quality aro tho most lu request, and reallso rolatlvoly tho best prlcos. Now Zealand wools, which, speaking generally, aro scarcoly so long or so light as last year, and willoh have como to hand to a largo extent In tho greaso, soil in fair proportion to those from Victoria. Unwashed Adolaidcs, which attract as usual koon competition from tho continental buyora, havo sj'mpa thlscd throughout with greasy wools from tho othor colonies, and may also now bo quoted at about March rates. Tho Importations from Tasmania olfornofoaturo calling for special romark. No comparison of valuo can bo Instituted between tho past and prosont sorlus, as tho formor comprised no arrivals from this oolonj- ; but, hko other full- stapled descriptions, theso wools secured good competition at tho roducod prices cur- rent at tho commencement, and Uko thom Improved gradually as tho sales progrossod. Tho domain! for Capos has undergone considerable fluctuation. Locks and pieces havo been in good domand, especially those of suiwrlor quality.' Lambs havo sold in-ogularly. On tho whole, prices havo scarcoly maintained tholr usual relation to UeecM from tho same Hooks. Tlio proportion taken for foreign account has been unprecedented!^ large.- Indeed, but for tho support afforded by the French and German buyers, cspccfallr the former, it is probable that no improvement upon opening price« would have taken place. Our own manufacturer» and dealers have operated very Bpar ingiy. but if tho present favourable weather should result In an abundant harvest, It may bo hoped that tho trado of the country will revivo, and that present rates will bo maintained during tho remainder of tho year." HELMUTH SCHWARTZE'S WOOL CIRCULAR. LOKDOf, Ju.NB IS, 1867 Our public sales of coldnlal wool, which commenced on the loth May, and will terminate on tho 20th hist haio up to date comprised -Sjdnej, 21,077 bales' Port Phillip, 55,476 bales, Van Women's lland 7 Ola bales ; Adelaide, 18,070 bales , Now Zealand Vsos bales ; bwan Uiver, 2,207 bales ; Capo, 20,005 ¿aloa sundries, 1,700 bales. Total, 101,012 bales. Leaving about 22,000 bales (.till to be disposed of. s The total quantities of colonial wool sold In tho two first series were 1807\. Bli. In March sales no 726 In May do , about 183,000 239,798 290^72« Or 00,000 bales more than in 1800 Estimating tho wholo colonial clip at 500,000 baloa lhere would remain for tho last two series of tho vwTi about 2CO.OO0 bales, of which tho greater part sa» perhaps 150,000 bales will probably bo offered in 'Serf tcmbcr. ' ÏI10 present auctions opened with a fall varv ing from a halfpenny to 2d ujiori Mardi prices . tile market had to contend against heivy supplies' to meet which there was but a restricted consumption and a proportionate)} dull trade. Tile two first weeks M ere the w orst time, and that 01 cr, prices in snito of man} fluctuations began to improve until thev ma} now bo quoted about the same as in March No proportionate improvement in business how cvci, accompanies this recovery, windi, therefore appears somewhat premature, and owes its orimn' probabli, to the inducement to lay in large stocks' which tho moderate prices of the article and the' cheapness of money hold out to tho manufacturer Speculators haio done but comparative!} little partly because the} still hold considerable stocks and partly because there are at present but few si TIS' of a turn for the better, the complaints of an acèumuia tion of goods, of cheap }anis, and of the losing prices continuing, with few e\eeptions, tho same as fir the last six months Should the present fine weather con tinue, and the hancst bo plentiful, it is probable that a satisfactory autumn trado will be done , in tho re- verso case, a continuance of tile present laii"uid elia ratter of business must be looked for. I now quote . Good Australian combing greaso, as high as in March . do. fleece, as high as in March ; faulty do w ools Id' per lb. cheap«, and most irregular of sale ; good Sydney, scoured, Id. pmvlb. higher than 111 March . good Capo, scourod and fleeco as high as in March .' heavy and faulty, scoured and fleeco, id. to id lower than In March- or, 111 tlieso wools, Id. told, nor Iii lower than injune, 1860. ' Owing to the vigorous conipetition of the French bu}cremore than eier has been taken for the Con- tinent, tho total export reaching about 00,000 boles or half of tho entire quantity offered. Discount' two and a half per cent. ' WINE AND SPIRIT TRADE. Messrs. P. W. Cosen's Monthly, dated London, June l8, is as follows : ."Tho wine mid spirit trades for tho last four weelu havo shown no s}mptom of speculative activity Business has been confined to legitimate requirement! these are large and Increasing. Tho actual consumpi tlon for homo use and exportation totals monthly nearly two million gallons of foreign wines and spirit? Hie Board of Trade returns for tho four mouth» ending 30th April contrast fal ourably with the figures of last }0ar, but although the total of ivino consumed shows un increase of 172,000 gallons. Portugal figures fora decreaso of 72,000 gallons Tills arises probably from the uncertainty prei ailing witli respect to the nego- tiations now pending for u commercial treaty, and which, if brought to a successful Issue, might probably result In a modification of the wine duties witfi regard to the strong wines of that country. Gallons. "Total of wino imported for four months ending 80th April.4,039,532 Totals for home consumption and ex- portation .5,102,278 Excess of consumption over importation 112,030 " Tho unfavourable reports lately circulated re- specting tbo damage to the vineyards of the Cognac district have been neutralised by the largo import« of brandy sinco January. The excess of importation 01 cr consumption and exportation is for the four months 540,000 gallons ; quotations for Martell ?> and Ilenness}'s, I860, to arnio, about 61. Id. free on baard export ship ; other reputed brands 3d to (k1 cheaper. The low price of rum appears to have stimulated de- mand for tills spirit, tile quantities consumed and ex- ported being considerably in excess of former ycart. Fine Jamaicas are dearer, and other descriptions firm at former rates. W mes of good quality aro maintained at full lalucs, but common and inferior descriptions are difficult to place, oren ata ruinous reduction, and then onl} in limited quantities " Wines.-Sherry.-The export from the Bay of Cadi? for the month of May was 4,134 butti Good wines continue scarce, and prices have bceu further strengthened bj the unfai ourablo reports from somo of the best vine}ards, the }oung leal es upon the lines haling in many places been attacked by an insect hitherto unknown Oporto -Trade is reported icry quiet as in London ; rubbish is cheap, but good wines thoroughly maintain their value. Mr. L} tton s report, touching the component parts of tho port wine of commerce, has caused a good deal of amusement amongst tho shippers; but the indindual who has hoaxed one of our promising } oung poets ought to confess, and so relíelo him from the odium of having niislnfcrnicd his Gol eminent. In other wines nothing calls for special coinmsnt. "Spirits- Brands-Tho flatness which for solong a period characterised our London market, extcudsio Cognac, and trado thero is reported ver} qu'ct, tho consumption in longland, however, steadily increases, and, with reduced shipments from rnincc, we DIÏJ look for better prices. Rum.-Fine qualin Jaimiia brings 2d to 3d. adianco ; other qualities remain unaltered. Tor other spirits seo quotations," LATEST BULLION CIRCULAR. Messrs. Pixley, Abell, and Langlcy's Cir- cular is as follows : "London,June20-Gold-The arrivalsduring tlio week baie been of si me importance. The} comprise -¿43,300 per Alrato, from the West Indies, {.21,300 per Africa, from New York ; £31,000 per Aleppo, from Now York; £60,600 ptr Hormann, from New York ; £11,000 per Bavaria, from Now York; £189,000per City of London, from New York ; £93,000 per Delta, from Australia ; total, £441,700. Although the demand for gold continues, it has not been sufueicntl} active to absorb tho wholo of the aboie, and tlio Bmk has received £344,000, further amounts being likely to follow. Siller.-Tlio Atrato brought about £110,000 in silver from tho West Indies, and tho Hermann £14,000 Doro, from Now York. Tlio price, owing to on increased demand for the Continent, improied Jd., and wo now quote tho rate as 60Jd. per oz standard, for fino bars. Mexican dollars have also nu Eroved slightly 111 value, und the few brought y the Atrato were sold at 59d per oz Tlio Coylon has taken about £11,000, principally to China Exchange 011 India for drafts by tlio banks at sixty da} a' sight may bo quoted Is. lid. to Is. lljd , Cal- cutta, Madras, and Bombay being rather loner, in accordance with the biddings for council dralü }cstcrdai. Tlio allotments nero-To Calcutta, £150,000; Madras, £1,400; and Bombay. £99,500; Calcutta and Madras recciimg at tho minimum of Is. lid.-about seven per cent, aboio that, in full; Bombai, in full, at and aboio tho minimum of la Ila. India Goioramont loan notes haio been rather more offered, but quotations remain much the same. Five and a half per cents are 108} to 109} ; flio per cents, 103} to 10H ;andfotir per cents , 86}to871. Quotations for Bullion, per ounce standard :-Gold -Bar gold, 77s. Od. ; do., (ino, 77s. Od. (lost price) ; do., reflnable, 77s. lid. Siller.-Bar sill cr, 5s Old ; do., containing five grain« gold, 6s. 0}d. Quichsilicr, £0 17s. per bottle. Discount, three per cent." MESSRS. STABLES, STRAKER, AND CO"S CIRCULAR. LovDOV, June 15. Tlio rccoiery in exports noticed in our last ha» uiado further progress during tlio past month, aggregaU) values exhibiting a net incrcaso of £220,551. Although tlio resumption of season sliipmonts of drapery goous accounts for a largo proportion of this increase, tim decided improiement of tono which has içconiiy characterised most of the home markoU-prodiico as well as financial- bos not been devoid of influence) in tho quarter especially interesting our readers; a fool- ing of confldenco is, therefore, gradually gaming strength that, with the commercial world In the colo- nies purged of many unsound elements by the severo strain of last} car, and roliovcd by tho practical «IB pension of consignments In tho earlior months 01 ino presint, oxportcrsma} soon look to recoup ti"»,1130'.'"3 for their modération of late by a corresponding im- proi ement in their account siles. Gross values wr tho month amount to £1,040,057 against £825,600 m April Ma}. Subjoined is our usual anal} sis . I11 _ ] î'ay June. Victoria .. Sydney .. Queensland Adclaldo .. Tasmania .. Now Zealand £ 630,040 282,011 11,070 02,709 11,327 133,088 Aprll Mur. £ 439,078 150,713 8U>11 7,158 140,040 De creaso. crease. £ OO.iKW 126,1« 11,070 18,302 1,058 4,1 Molbourno.-Season sliipmonts havo continuedJ*o upward movement recorded in our last, and austro tho principal simio of the incrcaso to tho o»wnr. Metals, on tho uvorago, show no great variation , nur haio wo an} thing of importance In tho way olpaui"; oil, anil gloss, excepting rapo oil, which doubles I*m month's figures Woolpacks aro aboi c, and ççrnsacu below, fonnor accounts. Spirits of all descriptions ami wines show au improioment, tho singlo «fi'","1 boliig geiioia, of which wo quoto a nominal^Bin» nient ; and n declino in bulk beor is »earooly yomi»n sated by 0 moderato adianco in bott çd. Ma t «T bacon and hams stand al almost Montlea! totals, oro cheese is below tho average Candles, a thougl 1 >°' » what louei, aro still going freely. Kalsliis and cur rants oro lit enhanced quotations, standing T»fv£ half tho proi lons oxportoftho year; and SIBTU? « considerably declined. Somo largo pircols »f como»» liaiogono for«aril during tho month. ThcUm" shlro'S Bhipmont reforrod to In tho last suPl>1°'"01¿L" coireet as now given, several entries naiinj, ">. duplicated In tho original. , . wn ?bjdiiey.-Althougn values to tills rat*T*T*T} mainly influenced bi drapory »l>'Pn,?nMMSrto tlio i arlous columns In this dopartmont for«"> Ä, month bolng about équivalent to previous »ift"*^. totals since January) a gonoral tendoncy to lroj*o¿ mont marks the wholo of our 8}dncycolumn«', uT onli instances to the contrary of am»'°»>01 %Si malt, pearl barley, oatmeal, and split I»1* ?Ä nie, collectlioly, nearly double, and currante W dot bio our last accounts. Ç«n»«»Sn «blrfi cloiwd siderablo supply. Tlio Napoleon III., vi [eh <^»t for this port from the C1} do, on ti» 21» ? uIt, 1>» J back for repair, and w li , probably, bo eW'>^"v» threo week». As she »lil tako li« or W ^°m hai ir dccldod to lot hor manUost Bland as gil on m tBFrom Rotterdam wo leam tho cargo ol «» Schiedam, for Melbourne (April 20) viz -21,000 ^ eues geneva and the Jan van Schaffolaar (same dato^-10,103 red and, GOO Breen cases gonova, and Î* Wboxes of candles (Tills information appeared in our supplement of B7th ult ) jc^ ^ Seventeen vossoli havo clo-ired outwatds since the «iii Instant, of which live aro for Melbourne, ono for KuVliiev three for Queensland, two each for Adolaido aid Otago and ono each for Hobart Town, Launceston. rCitcrbun. add Vr ellington Tho whole of th03o find ¿i ¿co in our supplementary tables, but tho rainifests in soino instances aro aery incomploto-in the caso nf the later cleared vessels only tho roturas of hooded goods having been madoup at tho Customs .rho Kent has sailed for Molbourno slnco our tables ¿ero closed, and the lUclicl baa likewise cleared from tho Clyde, for tho samo port. Wo boliove tho cargo of le latter vessel included 7,700 gallons British spirit, on lons soda crj stals, pigiron 10 tons, cordage, £120, and about 100 tons cast-iron pipes Our Charente cor respondent furnishes us with partlcu an of the cargo "cr Due do Malakoff (10th inst ), as follows -87 hilda S77 nuartcrs, and 3,202 cases brandy, 17 quarters and A cases vi ino, and If G cases sardines, for Melbourne, m lihds 260 quarters, and 450 cases brandy 107 cases milo and ¿5 cases cordials, forS} dncj , and 225 lihds , 230*quarters, and 700 eases brandy , 200 cases wmo, ¿id "00 cases sardines, for cither port (undlstin miished) Tho Dauphin is on the Melbourne berth at Bordeaux and tho PrCfct Paul FCart at Charonto, named for July and September respectively PRODUCE MARKETS (roon TUP HOMH M-na, JUM" 20 ) Hides -At public sales of Fast India, Juno 20, 7» 018 kips, 7,054 tanned ditto, and 857 buffalo hides n"cre offered, and 01,800 kipa, 7,211 tanned ditto, and 857 hides sold Notwithstanliug tho small quantity offered, the demand fconcrally was dull Prices, how- ever wero well nwintamed, and in some instances rather higher Of 7 024 salted Australian about 0,000 sold first heavy Melbourno, 5811b at4¡¡d , Sydney, CS'lb at 4¡d to 4\d , second, 58ilb at3Jd , tint lielit, Melbourno 4rjlb atijd. to4kl , 3Clb at4d , S\dncj,42lb to 4931b at 4d , second, Sojlb to 43}lb al Sjil to 4d , kips, 2^d to 4Jd , best skins, 5glb at S^d seconds SJlli aHM 2,0,llsaltedCapovvcroalisold, flri- thcavy,581b to07Jlb at4?d tojjd .seconds, 551b to 5711b at 4d to 4}d , first light 47£lb , at 5d , seconds, 40JU1 , at 4"»d , staked, 3111b to 82Jlb , at 44d to4Jd , kips 51 to 5Jd 450dr}saltcd Mauri tins, first heal}, 20slb , at ßfd 223 dry Buenos Ayres ox, 3.11b at7Jd and 6U8 Montevideo li"htox, 5?|lb , at 5Jd to 6Jd , 320 dry Went Coast bought in COB d13 Cape gnu, sold, heavy, 12 tIb , at Cd , light, 8jlb , at 4M Of salted descriptions of o\ and cow only a small suppl} ofiorcd, of which Australian wore chicflj sold at steady prices Capo met a hotter de maud, and were all sold at Jd advance Bark -V imosa has been dull of salo, and but a small portion bold Linseed-Tile small quantitj availablo for present deliv cr} enables holders to obtain finn rates , 800 qra Block Sea sold at 02s Od ex vv ii chouse, and ordinary Calcutta at CSs perqr Tor arrival, howov cr, seliors preponderate , Jure July shipments of Calcutta can be boufcht at 02s to G-s Cd , and Black Sea, same dato of fchii mont, has boon sold at 01s porqr ltapcseed -A (,ood business has boon done, SOO tous Calcutta sold at 48s Od c f and I on. ship, and 4,000 bags 1,000 qrs Torozeporo at 60s to 51s Cal cutta for arrival is quoted at 51s Od per quarter Cotton -Thero has been a dull and drooping market all the month, and tho sales aro vory small, wo quote a decline of about \d por lb , an 1 close with a downward tendency Tho sales in Liverpool last week reached Gi,210 bales, of which tho trade took 47,000 b iles, speculators and exporters l8 210 bales Tallow -A fair spot demand has prevailed alnco our last, this, with the Ililli stock on hand, has mado sellers scarce, and the market is fully Is perewt higher For forward dolirery a considerable business has been dono, both all the month to cover previous sales, and for October December, sellers are scareo for both periods, and Importers still decline to sell at present rates On Juno 21 tho markot was quiet but firm, and closed spot, 44s Od . Juno, 44s 3d to 44s 0d , October December, 45s 3d to 455 Od., December, 4Cs Australian -70 casks found bujers Sheep, good, 4us , dull, 44s Od , dreggy, 4a-i Od , rather dark, 43s Od., darker, 43s Od Beef, fine, 44s fcood, 43s Od , fair, 43s 3d , middling coloured, vein}, 42s Od , do , dull, 42s 3d to 42s Cd , rather dark, 42s 3d , dark, 4Ls Od South American Australian St Petersburg Odessa, Taganrog, &c; Other places Total Imports Since I Last Year "Juno 1 Casks 270 70 25J COO Gasng 1,211 10 l,70o 1,353 40 4,420 . Metals -Copper difficult of Bale, and business has been done at a further roduction in the value Wal laroo, £8110s to £82 10s , and Chill bars, £70-of tho latter, 200 tons wcro sold, earlier 100 tons sold at £70 10s per ton , Burra is nominally quoted at £85 to £80, tough English, £77 10s to £7810s , and sheet, £S2 to 183 per ton Scotch pig iron remains steady at 53s Gd cash for mixed numbers, manufactured as quoted for some timo past, Welch, £5 15s to £0 per ton Hice - The market lias been dull, but in tho ab Ecncc of arrivals rather moro disposition to buy is apjarent. The only sales reported are 5,000 bags Kaloon, new crop at 12s flu c\ quaj, and 1 000 bagaoUlNccransieatlls Od pcrowt .butconslderablo sales have lately been mado on private terms Among them liav o been 2.500 bac,s white Dental at 17a Du fo 17s lOJd, 000 bags Ballam 14s ljd to 11s 3d , 4,000 Bangoon low to good 11s 3d to 12s 3d , 3,000 bájjS old Nccransio Ila ljd tolls Od Two floating cargoes havo also been hold at 11s lid continental terms, consisting of 500 tons Baisein and 850 tons Kengoon Saltpetre -Tho demand has been limited At public sale, 592 bags Bon"al refracting 51b and 4}lb vero bought in at 18s Cd , and privato contracts aro limited to about 800 bags, refraction 01b at 17s Od , 3j|ib 18s Od , with prompt 1 or arrival 100 tons at 11)3 "d for March sailing and 19s 0d for Juno ship mont Oils -Cocoanut in fair request at £54 to £jß for Cochin, according to quality, íu. Of 220 casks Co} Ion in public sale, bO hogsheads sold, with three months prompt, fair to vor} fine, at £49 to £40 10s , tho chief part of 31 casks Zanzibar, prompt, 14 dajs, discount 2} per cent, fine, £52 0s to £52 10s , middling, £48 10s ordinär}, £10 10» , very ordl nar}, £13, low, £11, and on tho samo conditions, 27 casks Sjdnej, c,ood middling to fair, £43l0s to £44, middini!, £43 Palm lias remained firm, of 125 casks good Lagos, 31 largo casks sold at £30 Cs , Hie remainder, small casks, bought in at £10 A few tuns of colonial sperm havo beon sold at £110, tho trade have reduced tho prico of bright bathed from i.131 to £123 Pale seal is quoted dearer, say from £3S to £3» palo Southern, £40, cod, £30 10 casks whale sold by auction at ¿30 , dark £34 10s , and 34 barrels cod, palo, £38 , dark to rather dark, £31 10s to £34 15s Coffee -Plantation Ceylon-1,583 casks, 00 barrels, 401 bags, fine ordinary > 73s to 75s , low middling, 70a to78s Gd .middling,70s to81s ,flnc,82s Cd ,bold,88s Ivatlv e Co} ion-191) casks, 4,931 bags, good ordinarj, 60s tools , j chow, Ms to Cis , bold, 07s Od East India- 58 barrels, 20 cases 378 bags middling to fino, 80s to 08s Jamaica-85 casks, ¿50 barrels 441 bags, ordinary to good ordinary, 68s to lils , middling to fine, 78s to 03s Mocha-03 hales Bomba}, com mon, 05s Kaw Sugar -Public sales -821 bags Zanibar, 30s to 3ÎS Cd , 810 casks, 292 barrels and ¿21 b iga West India, 2Ü9 Cd to 17» Od , 2,704 bogs Penang. 29s Od to 33s Od , 1400 bags Manila. 31s Privato sales - 1,216 casks Vi c¡,t India, 28s Cd to 30s , 7 300 boxes llavanah, 2Ü8 3d to ¿öa Od , 323 casks and HO barrcLs Porto Bico, 23s Od , SOO mats Mauritius, 27s CO , 1,100 bags JaL,ccrj, 25a 3d to 25s Od Turmeric -COO bags Madras sold at stead} prices, common und middling at 21s Od to 22s (Jd , bulbs, IDs lo 20s Munject -04 bales Bengal sold at somo declino at 32s to 33s Orchella -25 balcB Bomba} sold at 2as Galls have been in less demand, but prices aro about maintained 50 cases China sold at 04s Cd , at public salo since 100 cases wero bought in at 08s , and of COJ cases Japan, £0 casos good sold at 59s , and 209 box» fair, rathci broken, at 51s Cd to 55s , t\\\ o lots, 53a Gd to 54s LONDON WOOL HLPORT Up to Juno 21 the quantity of colonial w ools cata Jogued amounted to 141 046 bales, comprising 18,003 S}dno}, 40,073 Port Phillip, 0,282 Van Diemen a Land, 17,703 Adelaldo, 1974 Swan Uiver, 19.4D7 Now /ei land, 25,770 Capo, and 1,742 sundries rilera now remain to bo disposed of about 43,000 bales Hz. -12,000 S}dno}, 18,100 Port Phillip, 2 000 Adelaide, 0,000 iiovv /elland, and 1,500 Capo Messrs Halmo and Co offered 3,044 balea, June 21 1,052 b dca S} dncy and Queensland, 1,412 Port Phillip, COI how Zealand, 201 Capo, and l8 hales Jamaica Tho sales have ncarl} tliioiiL,hout boon full} attondod 1 oreign hu} era hav o been nctivo, and tho biddlugi altogether show incroasod spirit Prices aro do cldcdl} finn, and rulo in moat casos ncarlv up to March Balea Mr Ho'muth Schwartzo, in his circular sa} s -"I now quoto all good wools, Aus tralhn and Capo, on a par with March All doscrip tiona moro or less faulty, or in bad condition, Id per lb lower than in March, and voi} irregular of salo The auctions (as regards colonial wools; w ill closo on Baturdaj, tho 29th June, instead of tho Otli Jill}, as previously arranged and tho low wools will probably bo oiforcd on tho 2nd and 3rd July lorkshlro advices roport a consfdorablo demand for wool for consumption, and a favourable reaction In tho trado for woollen manufactured L,ooda Canadian visitors havo mado somo good purchases lho homo trade has also boon bus} in comparison to tho slack ness w o havo for sonin timo past had to roport Proa! dcnUi, pilots, witneys, and naps aro tho artlolos chiolly hi domand lho manufacturers aro in bettor employ «mont, and as tho acieson advances a moro gonoral 1m provtinont is expected üísGLISII SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE AUHIVALS Arab Steed, at Gravesend 4th Juno, from Adolaido Dennis Brunditt, at Livorpool 13th Juno, from Mol iioumo 1 av ourltc, at I iv crpool 0th Juno, from Molbourno Fugitivo, off Start 20th Juno, from Tasmania Glenmark, at Deal 14th Juno, from Now Zealand Hohnsdalo, at Deal 14th Juno, from Molbourno Orwell, off tho coast 2Gth Juno, from Sj dno} Minden, at Deal 27th Ma), from Molbourno Sea Star, at Livorpool 30th Ma}, from Adolaido Sir Ralph Abercrombie, at Deal 27th May, from -Kow Zealand Sunbeam, at Gravesend lflth Juno, from Wel- lington M Minni Colo, at Gravesond 4th Juno, from S}dnoy \orkshiro, at Ply mouth 12th Juno, from Molbourno DEPAWlUlirS Astoropo, from Gravesond 14th Juno, for Wolllng ltd) Australian, from Gravesend ICtli Juno, for Goolong Alb} n s Islo, from Grav esend ?lst Juno, for S} duo} Blue Jaokot, from Deal 16th Juno, for Gantorbury Bonar, from Deal Otli Juno for Adolaido Bavolan, from Liverpool 7th Juno, for Molbourno Compadro, from Llvcipool Otli Juno, for 3}dnoy Clss}, from Deal 0th Juno for Nolson Carnatlioo, from Doal 18th Juno, for Adolaido Countess of Klntoro, from Grav osond 21st Juno, for "Otago Fchunga, from Gravesond 80th May, for Otago Gool« a, from Grav osond 81st May, for Adolaido -Uarlaw, from Doublst Juno, for fa}dno} HarmodluB, from Gravcsoml 14th June, for Auck- land. _ _ . John Tcmperly, from Gravesend 18th Juno, for Port Plillllp.' ' J. M. Joshua, from Gravesend 14th June, for Port' Phillip. ' - ? Kent, from Gravesend 22nd Juno, for Port Phillip. Laj'ard, from Gravesend 21st June, for Port Alfred. Lightning, from Liverpool 20th Juno, for Mel- bourne. Martha Birnie, from Gravcsond 8th Juno, for Sydney. Iiushof, from Deal 5th Juno, for Ilobart Town. Southern Empire, from Liverpool 20th Juno, for Brisbane. Verulam, from Gravesend lOtb Juno, for Adelaldo. Westburn, from Gravesend 10th June, for Launces- ton. Winifred, from Deal 18th Juno, for Port Phillip. White Star, from Liverpool 27th May,forMolboumo. Wimmera, from Gravcsond 28th May, for Port Phillip. Young Australia, from Deal 12th Juno, for Moroton Bay. VESSELS LOADING. AT LOXDO.V. ' For Melbourne-Vicksburg, Salamander, Sparkon hoe, Glendowor, ltacor, Warrior, Pride of tho Ocean, Jerusalem, Svviftsurc, Damascus, Yorkshire, Holms dale, Glco Maiden. For Sydney.-Walter Hood, La Hogue, James Lister, Caldbeck, Nourmahal, Agnes Hose, Para- matta, Colonial Empire, Jason, Buckton Castle, Canaan, Cospatrick. For Adelaide -Murray, Yatala, St. Leonards, City of Adelaide, St. Vincent, Orient. For Hobart Town.-Wagoola, Windward. For Launceston and Invercargill.-Araunah, Pro- spector. For Moroton Baj-.-Wlntorthur, Quceu of the Colonies. For Swan River.-Daylight, Zephj-r, Fltzroj-, Brldgtovvu. For Now Zealand.-Ida Zeiglcr, Alexandrina, Water Nymph, Alfred Hawloy, Melita, Glenmark, Crcsarea, Star of Tasmania, Timaru Timaru, Electra. AT LIVKIU~OO*I. For Melbourne.-Tornado, Flechers, Hurricane, Donald M'Kay, lied Jacket, Champion of the Seas. For Sydnej'.-General Leo, Globe. For Adelaide.-Chilena, Duchess Lancaster. AT GLABOOW. For Melbourne.-Kenilworth. AT LKITII. For Melbourne.-Rothloy. For Adelaide.-Inverarj'. Tho Emigration Commissioners have' taken up tho ship Donald M'Kay, for tho couvej'auco of Govern- ment emigrants to Melbourne. THE SHEFFIELD OUTRAGES.. ÍFItOM THE HOME NEWS, JUNE 26.) Evidence of u very extraordinary character was given before the Trades Outrage Com- mission at Sheffield on June 19.. Last week the commissioners sent a saw- grinder named James Hallam to gaol for. six weeks for con- tempt of court in refusing to answer the questions "put to him. . Having had leisure for reflection, and having received the pro- mise of a full indemnity if he made a frank confession, he seems' to have altered his de- termination, and accordingly, he now told the commissioners one of tho most extra- ordinary and horrible stories ever related in a public court. . In addition to confessing to afahare in sundry cases of "rattening," he admitted that he and aman named Crookes at- tempted to blow,up the place of a firm called Wlieatman and Smith; that he with the same accomplice shot a man called Linley, inflicting fatal injuries upon him ; and that he endeavoured to kill another man named Sutton with a life preserver, which he made for the purpose. All these persons had offended against the union, and ho was paid for committing each of the crimes which he now acknowledged. In the case of Linley, Broadhcad, the secretaiy, hired him and Crookes to commitfthe murder for the sum of £15, and he received £7 from an official named- Broomhead for his attack upon Sutton. Crookes confirmed the evidence of Hallam so far as it related to the crimes in which they had been jointly concerned. After describing the blowing-up of Wheat man and Smith's place by himself and another man with gunpowder supplied by Broadhcad, the trade union agent, Hallam came to the shooting of a man named Linley. The examination thou proceeded as fol- lows : Mr. Ovcrend.-Now, I have to ask you a question. Do you recollect the time when Linley was shot? About tho time?-Yes. Now, on the Saturday night before Linley was shot, were you not seen in Wilson's snug with a pistol in your pocket?-{No answer ; the witness showed signs of distress, his breathing became heavj*, and his face wore an expression of anxiety.) On the Saturday night before Linley was shot, were you not, seen in Wilson's snug, in Wcstbar, with a pistol.in your pocket?-(The witness's emo- tion was rapidly increasing.) Say j*cs or no. -After a slight pauso tho witness col- lected himself, and answered : Yes, I was. (Sensation.) Where did you get that pistol from ?-(No answer.) Where did j*ou get that pistol from ?-(No answer, the witness looking fixedly at Mr. Overend, and apparently struggling with a choking sensation in the throat.) For what purpose did you buy the pistol ?-(No answer.) You know, if you tell the truth you have nothing to be afraid of. You will bo entitled to your certificate if you tell the whole truth. Now, I ask you for what punióse did you buy that pistol ?-(No answer. The witness shook like a leaf from head to foot.) Answer the question. Now, for what purpose did you buy it?-The witness looked fixedly at Mr. Overend for a few seconds, and then, trembling so violently as scarcely to be able to support himself, he rose from his seat, staggered up to Mr. Overend, and whispered something which could only be heard by the examiners. Mr. Overend. Oh, we'll give j'ou the indemnity if you will tell tlie truth. .Witness.-And the party that was with me, too?-Mr. Overend.-And he, too, if he will tell the truth ; if he will come forward, and ask for his indemnity. You need not fear implicating anybody, for they will get their certificate. If a man comes forward and makes his statemont, whoever you may implicate, he will receive his certi- ficate if he makes a full disclosure Now, I ask you.-The witness attempted to stagger back to his seat, but was unable to guide himself toit, and Mr. Jackson supported him. After sitting a second or two in the chair, trembling more violently than ever, ho leaned back, and fainted. He was laid down upon the floor, and the usual means of resto- ration were applied, his hands being chafed, a smelling bottle applied to his nostrils, and brandy poured down his throat. In about five minutes he opened his eyes, made a convulsivo, snatch at his throat, and relapsed into unconsciousness. He was then carried into an adjoining room, and laid upon an ottoman under an open window, After about a quarter of an hour he was led into court again weak as an infant, and trembling in every limb. His chair was placed opposite Mr. Overend, and the shorthand writer and reportera were obliged to approach quite close to him to catch the taint and husky whispers that fell fiont his lips. At times he was only prcseivcd from fainting by the prompt admi- nistration of brandj'. Mr. Jackson kept close behind him, helping him to sit upright in his chair. Occasionally he was quite unable to speak, and abandoned himself to tears and sighs, ltesting his head on his hand, and partly shielding his face from the gaze of the bj'standers, he gave, with downcast eves and a distress painful to witness, the following melancholy details of the murder in which ho had taken a leading part:-Mr. Overend. Will you tell me tor what purpose you bought that pistol?-Witness (sadly). - To shoot Linley. Was thero anybody asso- ciated or joined with you in shooting Linley?-Yes. Who was it V-Crookes. Who shot him-did j*ou or Crookes?-Tho wit- ness was unable for a moment to answer this question ; recovering himself, he said, in all but an inaudible whisper, " I compelled Crookes to shoot him." What did he shoot him with?-An air gun. Had anybody set j'ou to do this ?-At first the witness gave no answer ; after a short pause, ho said, " Not to shoot him." Had any person set you todo anything to him ?-Witness (faintly, and with some reluctance).-Mr. Broadhcad. (Great sensation.) What did Mr. Broadhcad set you to do?-I asked him one day what he was doing with Linley, and he said ho would have some conversation with me the next day. Did you seo him tho next day?-Yes. What did ho say to you?-Ho asked mo if I remombercd the conversation of the provious daj\ Yes ? I told him I did. Well, what did ho say? He asked mo what I could do with bim. What did you say ?-I told him I would make bim (Linley) as ho couldn't work anymore. (Sensa- tion.) What did ho say to that?-ne askod me what I should want for doing it, What did j*ou say ?-I asked bim if £20 would bo too much. What did he say ?-Ile said no, ho should think not. Well, diet you say j-ou would doit?-Yes, I said I would do it. Did j'ou tell liim how you would do it :-No. Well, now, how was it that Crookes came into the matter?-I saw him. When ?-Tho following day. Well, what did you say to him ?-I told him I liad got tho job to do Linley. What diel ho say?-He asked mo who I had seen. What did you tell him ?-I told him I had seen Broadhcad. Well?-1 told him we wore to have £20. (Here tho witness was obliged to drink brandy and water to enable bim to support the examination.) Well, what did he say to that?--Ho said that wo should not gol £20. Well ?-I saw him again. When was that ?-The week following. Well ?-Wo went to Broadhead's. Yes ; what did you go for ?-To seo what wo wore to havo. Did you seo him ?-Crookes saw bim alone. When ho carno down ho said wo were to have £15 ¡ that was -all< he (Broadhcad) would give Yes?-Then I went up. - Woll?-ne told m he could not get above £15, and we agreed ti do it for that. Yes?-I got £3 of him. Yes? I bought a revolver. Did Crookes buy a re volver?-He had a revolver. WelL what die you do, you and Crookes ; when you h'a< arrrangcd this matter, how did you do it ? We followed Linley from one place to another Yes?-We found there was no chanci with revolvers, and Crookes got an air-gun Where did ho get the air-gun, do you know -No^ Youwero not with him when he go the air-gun?-No. Well, what did you d( with the air-gun, did you try it, or what die you do?-(Gaspingly) : That is what he sho bim with. (Sensation. The witness here wa: obliged to drink brandy and water before hi could proceed). Was Crookes a good shot? He was a pretty fair shot to get where ho did How to -get whero he did ?-To hit Linley Had you ever used the gun at all before yoi went to Linley to shoot him ?-(No answer. Had you ever seen him shoot with it at all' -Yes. Where havo you seen bim shoot witl it?-I have seen him shoot with it at Ecclesall wood. What was he doing shooting with ii at Ecclesall-wood ?-Babbits. What did h( go and shoot rabbits for?-We both went Very well ; now, you say you followed him How long do you think you followed Linlej beforehowas shot?-rBetween'the time yousaw Mr. Broadhead and you shot Linley, how lonf do you think elapsed?-I cannot tell exactly, Five or six weeks. And how)of ten did you go, in these five or six weeks, after him tor the Eurposo of finding an opportunity of shootin*. im ?-Nearly every night but Sunday night, Where was it, and how was it done at last' Where was he shot; in Scotland-street? Yes. Now tell me how it took place. AVhere was he?-He was in the back room. Whore were you and Crookes?-Wo followed hire from the American stores, Westbar-green, Yes, you followed him from the American stores to Scotland-street. Was it to a public house?-Yes. What do they call it?-The Crown Inn, I believe. And you say it was o back room. Did you go in, or what diel you do? Did you go into the public-houso' -No. What did you do ?-T went into the back yard to look. Well, and could you see from the back yard into tho room where Linley was sitting ?-Yes, sir. Where was he sitting?-He was sitting with "his left hand te the window. What time at night ?-It was about nine o'clock, but I cannot say exactly, Where was Crookes ?-Crookes was in the street when I saw him. Well, what did you say after you him then ?-We did not know which room ho was gone into till we saw him. When you saw him what did j'ou do ?-I told Crookes ho was there. . Was there no othor person in the room ? -Yes. When you told Crookes he. was there, what did Crookes do ?-He came and looked at him. Well?-He refused to shoot then. Yes?-(The witness was unable to speak for emotion, and appeared as if, he would faint. Brandy and water was given to him.) Mr. Overend told him not to be in a hurry, and repeated witness's words-he re- fused to shoot then, and said-well, did he do anything ? Wlîere was the gun ? Had he the gun with him, or not?-Witness gasped, and endeavoured in vain to "speak. He had the air-gun with bim, and what did he do with it?-(No answer.) What did he do with the air-gun?-The witness sighed heavilj*, and leaned back as if he were about to faint. Mr. Overend (softly).-What did' he do?-Wit- ness (in a husky whisper) ;t Ile would not shoot. There was no exit. What, no exit from the yard?-Yes. Well, what did you do? -I went through the yard and found a way out. Yes?-Ho said there wore too many people about? Yes?-(A pause.) What did you say?-(No answer, and witness appeared greatly agitated.) What did yon- say to him 1 -(With an effort) : I told him ho must either do it, or I would do bim. (Sensation in court.) Yes?-No answer. The witness trembled violently.) When you told him that what did he do ? He said there was no chance. What did you say ?-I told bim I would do it myself, and take the risk. Yes.-He told me -(A choking in witness's throat prevented bim from finishing the sentence.) What did he tell you ?-He said I must not attempt. I might miss him, and he would risk it. Well, when ho said he should risk it, what did he do ? (No answer-the witness evidently un- able to answer.) What did he do when he said he would risk it?-(In a faint whisper) : He shot bim. (The witness was again almost overcome.) After he had shot bim, what did you do?-(No answer.) You ran away?-Yes. Which way did you run ?-Through tho alley. Into what place ?-Into Pea Croft. Did you meet anybody as you went out, or was it clear the whole course?-(The witness was here un- able to speak, and Mr. Jackson, the chief con- stable, who was supporting him, listened at- tentively to his whispered answers, and re- peated them to the Court.) There was a man and a woman. Where were they ?-In the entry. Now, in order to get into Pea Croft, had you to pass this man and woman ?-Yes. Did j*ou go near them ?-Yes, I stumbled against them. And then what did you do, where did you go to?-(No answer.) Where did j*ou go to alter you had gone into Pea Croft ?-We ran. Which direction did you run in? Towards St. George's Church. Where did you separate, if you did separate?-At Crookes' (nearly two miles off). Where did Crookes go to?-I do not know. Whero did you go to ?-To Wiuterbottom's. When did you next see Crookes ?-The following morning I saw bim by agreement. Whore did you seo him ? \--In AViley's. That is in the Haymarket? Yes. Well, had you any talk with him ?-No. Did you seo him again ?-I got a sovereign from bim oitor. What did you do then, when you had got your sovereign ?-I and Palfrey man went to Tasker's. Yes ; well, did you after that at all see Broadhead ?-No. Did you never see Broadhcad after Linley was shot?-Yes. When was it?-I do not know. How long after was it?-Before the following Saturday. Well, what did you say to him ? I said nothing. What did he say to you ? ne told mel had better not go there too much. Did he say anything else besides that ?-No. Did he say anything about j'our having shot Linley, anil whether it was right or wrong ?-No. nave you ever had any con- versation with Broadhcad about Linley being shot since then ?-No. Have j*ou received any money from Broadhead since Linley was shot?-No. What did you get for shoot- ing Linley?-£7 10s. Who paid you the money ?-Crookes gave me £1 10s. And who gave j*ou the £3 ?-Broadhcad. Did Broad- head give j'ou the £3 after Linley was shot or before he was shot ?-Before. Did you pledge youiselves to kee]) it secret, or anything of that kind? Did j*ou bind j'oursel ves byany oath, or anything of that Hind ?-No : at that time I did not think wo should need it. The wit- ness was then examined as to why he had refused to givo up Crookes's name on a former occasion, and why he had denied his private confession, which he had now publicly re pc-atcd. Ho said he did it to save Crookes, and thought to take tho whole blame on him- self. Ho charged himself with instigating Broadhead to these things, ne did not know Linley at the time ho agreed to shoot him, never spoke to bim in his life, and, only shot bim on account of Linley's dispute with tho trade, lie also confessed to having knocked a man on the head with a life-preserver, at the instance of, and for pny from, a deceased secretary of the pen and pocket-blade grinders, named Broomheud. On Samuel Crookes being next called, Mr. Broadhcad called out, "Tell tho truth, Sam everything." Mr. Overend hereupon admo- nished Mr. Broadhcad to kcepsilent till he was spoken to. Tho commissioner thou read over to witness the statement of Hallam respecting the shooting of Linley, and warned him if guilty of what Hallam stated he was guilty of murder, and could bo tried for it, but it ho made a full disclosure he might be protected. Mr. Overend : Now, did you do that deed or not ?-Witness : I did. Mr. Overend: You did shoot Linley?-Witness: 1 did.' Witness continued that ho had no quarrel with Lin- ley, nor did ho intend to kill bim. Linley was doing a great deal of injury to them at that time, but ho was not sure whether they or Broadhcad suggested tho thing first. Linley was employing a great many boys, and injur- ing the trado altogether. They spoke to Broadhead about this, and Broadhead agreed to givo them, ho thought, £20. Tlioy woro to injuro Linley, but not to kill him. Witness did not want to do it then, but Hallam compelled him. Witness wanted to hit bira in tho shoulder, but Liu ley was in such a position when ho fired, that ho hit his henel. After they bael shot him, Broadhcad paid bim. no did not know whether ho had paid anything before to Hallnm, but ho remembered Hallam having a revolver, which ho and Hallam purchased for fiOs. Ho never had a revolver of his own, and nover borrowed one. Hallam told bim ho should want a revolver to defend himself with, and ho bought him one, but it was with Hallam's monoj*. Thoy always intended to shoot bim, but not to kill him-only to let liimknowthathowasdoiiigvvrong. Theynovor intended to shoot Linley with the pistol, but with his air-gun. Witness minutely corro- borated the evidence of Hallam ns to how Linley wns shot. Mr. Broadhead paid thom for tho job, but witness did not know whether ho pnid bim or Hallam. Ho be- lieved he paid bim ; ho got his share, which lie thought was £10-it might bo only £7 10s. he got. Broadhcad afterwards said it was a very good job'they had not killed Linley ; did not want them to kill him ; but they h; told Broadbead they were going to hurt hil Witness knew there was a coroner's inquoi andhehadheard that the verdict was "Murd against some one not known." After this i and Hallam pledged themselves to keep still. They did not bind Broadbead over, I cause they thought they could trust him. 11 Oveiend : To get an indemnity, you mu not only tell, but you must tell all oth things you have done. Can you tell rno wl shot Linley the first time ?-Witness th< confessed that he shot Linley the first tin also. It was with an air-gun. Ile did th; by himself. Ile bad previously a bit of ta' with Broadhead, and it was agreed upo; Bioadhead gave him £20 for doing it. Tin was paid alter he had done it. That tin Linley was wounded in the side. It was long time after he agreed with Broadher that he got the chance to shoot Linley ti first time. During this time he saw Broai head, and told him that he had not had chance yet. This he told Broadhead almo every time that he saw him. Witness di not wish to hurt Linley that time. TI gun had very little air in then, and 1 did it just to warn him. Witness wi a good shot, and had shot grouse an rabbits with an air-gun. Ile shot Linley ti first time in the back. Ile had done nothit more than what he had said. He intendc being at lleliewcll's affair, but never got ¡ him. Ile and Hallam intended doing it i the same time as Wbeatman's job was o hand. They went to Broadhead, and th< got the job. Ile did not know rightly win they were to do. Witness knew Thom! Needham, who served four years' penal serv tude. Needham and his brother blew up manufactory at Dronfield, but witness ha nothing to do with it. He denied paying an money to Needham's wife while Needham we away, and though he went to meet Ncedhai when liberated from prison, he would swea he only went for an "out." He never wer to see Needham avhen he was in prisor About a year after Needham came home, h went to America. Witness would swear the he did not blow Fearnehough up, nor did h know "who did. He had lent J his gun t several persons, but could not remember wh< and" although he heard of Blisha Parke being shot, he would swear that about the time he .did not lend his gun either t Elijah Smith or Thomas Bamford, nor did h know who shot Parker. He had had no coin munication with anyone but Broadhead whe: he did these things, norjdid anyone beside Broadhead employ him. All he was aware c what Hallam had said this morning was fron a man who came in the wheel and told hin Hallam had told, and that Hallam had beei tallang about one Crookes. He was no aware that Linley was blown up in th Wicker, nor who did it. At the meeting of the commissioners oi Juno 20, Broadhead was examined in th first instance with reference to the constitu tion and management of the Saw Grinden Union ; and, after describing the duties o the committee, the examination by Mr. 0,vet end proceeded as follows : And do all questions connected with th trade como before the committee ?-Not all all do not come before them. What question have not come before the committee?-Wit ness, firmly : Such questions as those whicl engaged the attention of the Court yes terday. And havo such things as engage! the attention of the Court yesterday a all taken place?-Not in committee, sir But anywhere ? - Yes, sir. What ques tions do you now allude to?-Those that en gaged the attention of the Court yesterday What do you mean ; bo explicit if you please -I mean the Linley outrages. Before whom that is if they went before anybody-did the; go ?-They came before myself and the par ties who have named them (Crookes am Hallam) ; and I am prepared to endorse ii substance all that they have said. (Sensation. In some of the details I think they are mis taken, but in substance their statement i correct. There are some slight deviation; in the details, but they are immaterial Am I to understand from you, then that you did, in the first iastancc, bin Crookes to shoot at Linley?-(After a little hesitation) : I reglet to say, sir, that I did, (Great sensation.) And did you pay bim £2( for it?-That I can't say; my impression ii that it was £15, but I will not be certain aboul it. Then you paid him £1D or £20?-Yes but my impiession is that it was £15. Die you hire Crookes and Hallam to shoot al Linley on the second occasion?-Yes, sir, Did you pay Crookes and-Hallam the sum of £20 for the second shooting at Linley? (After a little hesitation) : My impression is that it was £15 on both occasions, but I will not be certain ; they (Hallam and Crookes] maybe right, but my impression is that I ? only gave them £15. Had you any personal quarrel with Linley ?-No, I had no personal quarrel with any one. What induced you to hire Crookes to shoot at Linley the first time he was shot at ?-(After a little hesitation) : Well, sir, 1 have no wish to extenuate any- thing iii my own conduct, but I wish to state to you the whole truth. Crookes carne to mo and made me an offer, and what induced me to accept it was because Linley was then doing a great deal of hann to the society, having a little time before left his own trade in consequence of the bad remuneration caused by a want of union in it, and come into the grinding trade because it was better paid, which was a result that liad been ob- tained by the union. Then you did in point of fact-for it must como to that~you hired Crookes to shoot Linley because ho had dono great harm to your union, having left his own trade and come into yours? What harm did he do by coming into your trade ?-It was not so much harm his coming into the trade, as setting all the rules of the society at defiance, and taking a largo number of apprentices. What in- duced you on the second occasion to engage with Crookes and Hallam to shoot him ? Well, I had begun to dismiss that thing from my mind ; but one day I went to the Eagle Works for the purpose of collecting the con- tributions, and as ho was about leaving the wheel Hallam came up tomo and he said some- thing to this eil cot :-" What about Linley? it eau be done for £15." I think that was the sum he named. I then paused. It caine upon me as an unpleasant subject. Some- thing was said about thoinischief and the in- jury lie was doing, and after considering for a time I said fo Hallam, "I will consider aboutit." I then left him. Tho subject, as I before stated, was a painful one ; but I felt that for tho salvation of the society it was necessary that something must be done. But it crossed my mind that Hallam was not a man to be trusted, and I roilectcd upon it seveial days, until Crookes came to mo up staiis, when he mentioned the subject to mo again. When ho carne upstairs ho said he had conic to seo about the matter I and Hallam had talked over, and I felt myself more at liberty to be freo with him. I asked him what he pro- posed to do, and he detailed what he pro- posed doing in the manner described by him m his evidence yesterday. Did he tell you ho proposed to shoot him?-Yes, but not to kill him. Yes, but to shoot him ?-Yes, but not to kill him. But you were not to kill bim ? Yes, that was the understanding between tis. Ile said, then, he should shoot him ? Was nothing said as to where ho should be shot? No ; that was the point. Not the part ho was to be shot at?-No ; it was not intended to bo a vital part. I cannot say whether any parti- cular part was mentioned ; only I can speak distinctly to this, that the understanding was that hu was to wound him, and not to kill him. (Sensation.) I had confidence in him, both as to his nerve and as to his being a marksman. With this undostaiiding, and with very great pain-(Deiisivo titters)-I assented. But if you had so much pain, why did you assent to it?-Because 1 felt the necessity for it, or otherwise the union would bo destroyed, knowing that thoro was no legal protection for tho union, and viewing it, wrongly, if you will, as an absolute necessity. Linley's taking six nppientices was the sole cause of his being shot. I considered ho was ruining the whole body by violating that rule. Tho example*, if followed by otheis, would soon bring such an increased number to be supported on the box that it would be utterly impossible for tho society to exist. Indeed, it has hat! this effect on tho society, for in five years something liko£5,000 has been spent in money paid to tho sick and unemployed. Then it was entirely upon trndo considerations that you carne to this horrible conclusion? It was, sir, anda very painful thing it was to nie, Tho witness went on to say that ho knew Hallam and Crookes were (lodging Linley for weeks. Ho also admitted having induced many other outrages. His fin ther examination was ad- journed. At the opening of the commission on Juno i 21 tho man Broadhead was again examined. Hiscoiintenaneowns serious-porhaps a littlo anxious-and it had on its expression a cer- tain admixturo of doggedness. Before tho examination commenced, Mr. Overond said. -Mr. Broadhead, in the cause of justice and in the interest of those whom youmnyimplicnto, I give you this warning. I daresay you havo a falso sonso of honour that you won't implicate others. I look on my notes, and I find that you havo novor told us tho name of a singlo person you caused to raAton, you 'have.rícvcr disclosed a,singlo fact''thal h not been proved by two witnesses. You ha' never admitted anything that we did n know. Now, if you are to obtain a certi cato, you have to tell us all that you knoi and we must bo satisfied that it is all th you know ; it is not only telling about tho things which havo been mentioned, but if should turn out in the result that there a other things witli which you arc proved have been associated, and you have not to us about them, unquestionably your certi cate will be withheld. And, again, it is n in the interest of any man who may ha been associated with you to attempt to scree him, because i£ others, believing that you ct screen them, do not come forward and sta what they know, you may be the cause their being actually punished. But if tin know you have told all, most likely tin will come forward to state what th have done, and if they do that thi will be entitled to a certificate, only they tell the truth. By conceo ing them, therefore, you arc not only pu ting yourself in peril, but them too. Thor fore, I caution you again with reference i other transactions which you have ni spoken about. Be explicit, clear, and straigh forward. Mr. Broadhead (rising).-Pardo me, sir ; will you permit me to ask you a fe questions. Mr. Overend.-Yes. Mr. Broai head.-Can I rely that the same mercy wi be extended to those men as to myself, they tell the truth ? Mr. Overend.- Certain!, undoubtedly. Mr. Broadhead.-Then, sir, will give you a true statement. Mr. Broai head sat down after saying this, with an ei pression of relief on his face. The obstinai dogged look had vanished, and a softer sbac had taken its place. At times, in makin confession of bygone crimes-so far back tin the details had in somo cases slipped hi memory-he became abstracted, and, lookin forward into vacancy, spoke as if ho wei naming incidents that were slowly passin before his mind. Mr. Overend.-Is thero any statement yo would like to make before I put the questior to you? Mr. Broadhead.-Yes, sir. T begin with, the statement I made yesterdc relative to the Hellcwcll affair was untrue, hired Dennis Clark to blow up IlolleweU. gave him either £3 or £5. I was told thi Shaw blew him up. I think I paid the mont to Clark. You had a case up yesterday < Elisha Parker?-Ho had a horse destroy« That was done, I believe, by Elijah Smitl John Taylor, and Phineas Day. Did yo know those three did it-did you liiro them t do it?-Well, sir, they came to me after it wo done. I am correct in that. Did you hit them to do it ? You know you were there a twelve o'clock at night with Machin som time before. Did you hire them to do it? havo no recollection of that. I paid then money. You paid them money. How much -I am not aware now ; it was not a larg amount. Will "you swear you did not pa; them before they went to doit?-I havo m recollection that I did. Will you Bivear yoi did not?-No, sir, I will not. Mr. Overend -Now I will iet you go on to tho shooting o Parker himself.-Yes. A person namei George _ Pearce, sen., was hired by mc to-di something to stop him from working. LT carno to see me several times on the subject but I think that nothing up to this tim ' had been decided upon, as far as my memor will carry inc.- I think I went up to hi house on Sunday. I saw him on the sul jeet. We left his house together and wen down to some fields. I think it was in th summer time. I remember .tho day I speal of was a very beautiful day. There, as far a my memory carries me, we had a conversa tion, and agreed that something should b done ; but whether or not we defined wha that something was to be I really cannot say Ile told me he had a man- a servant man o his own- who would do it. I believe he i alive, but I havo forgotten his name. H> told me this man would see to the affair bein¡ done ; he had employed him. The atïair go done, and the amount he was to receive, . cannot say what it was, but it was a largi amount. Yes ; how much, £20 ?-It wa more, I believe. Pitty pounds?-I don't third it was that. I cannot say what the amoun was, but I have no doubt it would be betweei £20 and £30, or perhaps it might be cvei more than £30. You havo had a conversa tion with Sam Crookes this morning?-Yes What was your object in talking to Crooke this morning?-The object of my talking ti Crookes this morning was to arrange what wi should do in tlio situation in which we wer placed. Was not your object in talking t< Crookes this morning to agree what yoi should say and what you should withhold ? Yes. What did you agree to withhold ?-Thi Hereford-street outrage. Did you cause it t« be done ?-Yes. Who did it ?-Sam Crookes I do not romembcr employing him on anj other occasion. On July 4, l8 ID, Joseph Wil- son's house was attempted to be blown up. Did you cause that to be done?-Yes. (Mur- murs in court.) AVhoin did you employ? Crookes. How much did you give him foi doing that?-I cannot tell. What offence had the man at Loxley committed ?-He was one of Firth's men. Was that his only fault? -Yes ; keeping aloof from the trade. He had received a great deal of money out of the society, and I thought ho ought to contribute. Was the man's family in the houso with bim when it was blown up?-His family were grown up, and I think were not living with hiiu, but I do not know. Was his wife in the house ?-Yes. Had you any quarrel with Wil- son ?-No ; our only difference was on trado affairs. What was your object in throwing gunpowder into Poolc's house in the Wicker ? -To bring Linley to. Was your design to hurt Linley?-No. To frighten him, and cause bim to como into the trade. And to alarm him you endangered everyone in the house?-Ho hazarded the consequences. Linley lived with his brother-in-law?-Yes. This poor butcher, then, had nothing to do with it ?-No. ' He was a married man ?-Yes, he married Linley's sister. She was alive. I do not know whether thoy had any family in the house. Did you do anything to Mr. Harry Holdsworth in December, 1801 ?-Yes, his place was blown up. And you dill it-no, i I won't say you did it, but you caused a quantity of gunpowder to be put in the cellar under his manufactory?-Yes. Whom "did you employ lo do that ?-Crookes. (Murmurs m court.) What did you give him for that? -Somewhere about £0,1 think. On Juno 7, 1863, an attempt was made to blow up the engine-house of William Reanoy, in the Park? Yes. Who did that?-Crookes. (Moro sensa- tion.) Anyone else?-I had nothing to do with anyone else. How much did you pay for blow- ing up Reaney's house?-I couldonlyfix about the same as the other. Was it £19 ?-I should scarcely think it would be that. What, not more than that for blowing a man's house up? -Not houso, wheel. Oh, yes, wheel. Had you a general tariff ?-Yes ; it would bo £5 or £G, according to the difficulties. Sir. Chanco reminds me that yon have not told us how much you gave Crookes for watching, with a view to shooting Hcllowcll ?-I think I told you I could not recollect. About how much do you believe you paid him ?-I cannot lix it ; it would be about the amount named before. What is that ?-Varying from £5 to £10. Is there any other mattor m which you employed Crookes ?-1 do not recollect. You havo called my attention to tho Hereford street affair. Fcarnchough's houso was blown up on October 8, 1SG0. Who caused that to be done ?-Me, sir. Who did you employ ? Crookes. Who did it ?-Crookes. How much did you give Crookes for doing it ?-I think it would bo £lö. (Murmurs.) Had you any quarrel with Fcarnchough other than on trade mattors ?-That was all. In tlio branches of the saw trade the ofiiccrs and I havo frequently arranged among members for rattening to bo done. What officers have you arranged with ? -William Hides, William Skidmore, with the secretary of the saw handle makers, and the secretary of tho jobbing grinders. Speak- ing of that reminds mo that Holdsworth^ case was a joint affair between thom and ino. What do you mean by a joint affair?-Wo divided tho expenses of it. Tho witness went on to say that after Linley's murder he had written letters to the newspapers exhibiting great abhorrence of the crime. After Wheat man's placo had been blown up ho wrote a letter in which he described the deed as a hellish one, and endeavoured to throw tho blame on tho Messrs. Whoatman themselves. Ho did similar things after Fearnuhough's l>laco was blown up, and ho offered a toward out of his own pocket for the discovery of tho perpetrator of that outrage. The witness was examined at considerable length on other topics, and tho taking of his ovidenco occu- pied the greater part of the day. On Saturday, Juno 22, tho commission had only a short sitting, which, after tlio oxcite ment and labour of the last two or three days, was generally looked upon os a great relief. Tho first witness was Samuel Crookos, the man who was stated by Broadhead to havo been the perpetrator of all tho outrages to which ho confessed yestorday. Crookes had come up for tho purposo, as ho said, of con- fessing everything. Notwithstanding tho ex- traordinary nature of his confessions, hu gavo his cvidenco in a manner that was dovoid of all agitation and nervousness. After tho usual caution from Mr. Ovorond, Crookes, with infinito self-possession, said-Boforo making a full disclosure of all that I know, let mu bo suro that yan will look over wha,i¡ Í have said on a previous occasion, when I did not say what was right. Mr. Overend.-Quite so ; if we are only satisfied that you tell us all truly, we shall look over what you have stated falsely. ?«? Crookes then seated himself, and in' an easy attitude, in a firm and quiet tone of voice, went through tho following appalling confession : Witness said,-I have already stated that I shot Linley. I endeavoured to shoot him in the shoulder, but the ball entered his head near the temple. My instructions from Broadhead were not that I should shoot him in the ear. I cannot recollect that Hallam ever told mo that, knowing I was so good a shot, he was .surprised that having aimed at the ear the ball should have entered near the temple. What I previously stated about the shooting of Linley is true. I have only to add to my former statement that after he was shot I dropped a pistol in the street so as to make it appear that he had been shot with that. I admit that I was the person who put the case of powder into Poole's house, where Linley lived. I was not aware whether Poole had a wife and children, and had no quarrel with bim. I put the powder down the cellar grat- ing, and threw it as far as I could under the house. I think Broadhead gave me £15 foi that, but I cannot remember, there are so many e-ascs. I also blew up Wheatman and Smith's, and I have nothing to add to my former statement about that. I likewise blew up Samuel Baxter at Loxley. * Broadhead em- ployed mc to do that. I had no quarrel with bim. I was told to blow bim up by Broadhcad, and I did it without asking any questions. I also blew up Joseph Wilson, saw-manufac- turer, and put a can of powder in Iteaney's wheel. Broadhead employed me on each occasion, and I received £15 for each job. I did not blow up Messrs. Firth's boilers. I went there on one occasion for the purpose of put- ting some powder down their chimnej', but could not succceel in doing that. I remember that I got a ladder to put against the chimney, but was so weak that I could not rear it up. I then endeavoured to put it through one of the windows into the wheel, but could not do so, as the can would not go through the bars. I however fastened it to the bars and then lighted the fuze, and the powder ex- ploded, but only the panes of the window were destroyed. I received £15 from Broad bead for that iob. He at first refused to pay me that sum, because be said no damage liad been done, and ho wanted to pay mc £10. I, however, told bim that another man was with mc at the time, and that I should have to pay bim. That was a lie, because no one had been with me. I was also cmploj'cd by Broadhead to shoot at Hellewell. My in- structions were to shoot at him, but not to kill him. Hallam accompanied me when I used to watch for ncllewell. The reason of my never shooting at Hellewell was because I could not get a chance, and while wo, were watching him the caso of Whcat mah and Smith turned up, and Broad- head told me that their case requirod looking after more than Hellcweirs. Accordingly, we attended to Wheataian and Smith, and after that no attempt was made to shoot at Hellewell. I never got paid anything for HellewcH's affair, because he sustained no injury, and Broadhead never paid me anythhig unless the work ho engaged me lo do was done. I know a man named Needham, and I remember going to London to see him when he came out of prison. My reason for going to see him was because thero were some tales afloat about a case we had been engaged in. That case was one of a blow- ing-up at Dronfield. Needham had been en- gaged to do the blowing-up by Michael Thompson, secretary to the scythe-grinders, and Needham risked me to assist bim. Thomp- son paid my expenses to go to London, and my object in seeing Needham was to keep him quiet, as I did not want to be exposée!. I was not aware that Mr. Tj'zack endeavoured to see him before me, and that he got shot at in consequence. I am sorry to say that I was connected with the blowing-up of Fearnc hougb's house. 1 received £15 from Broad- head for that ; he engaged me to do it, and Joseph Copley assisted mo. Broadhead gave me some money to buy some powder with. He did not tell me what I was to blow him up for, except that he was doing injury to tho trade by going against the rules. I was not aware that the explosion was to be a joint affair on the part of the saw-grinders', smiths', and forgers unions. I was likewise engaged by Broadhead to blow up Mr. Holdsworth, because ho was employing some "outlaws." Ho paid me £15,1 think, forthat. I generally received £15 for such cases as that. I was likewise engaged in Sutcliff's business. Both nallam and I struck bim with two gutta- percha life-preservers. Hallam was en- gaged by Broomhcad to do that, and ho asked me to assist liim, and I received, I think, the half of £710s. for my share. Mr. Overend.-We have now gone through Broadhead's list. In what other outrage have you been engaged?-Well, I and Need- ham put some powder underneath the ware- house of Messrs. Ciookcs and Roberts, saw manufacturers. Broadhead engaged mo to do th-t, Mr. Overend.-When was that?-Oh, it is a long timo ago. It carne out that this outrage was com- mitted moro than ten years ago, and Mr. Overend told witness that ho need not go into any outrages committcel beyond the last ten yeais, as the examiners had not power to inquire into thom. Witness, however, de- sired to make a clean breast of all he knew, but Mr. Overend again told him that he must only speak of outrages committed within tho last ten years. Examination continued.-Ihavonevcr been cmploj'cd to do outrages by any secretaries except Broadhcad and Broomhead. I was not concerned in the Acorn- stieet outrage, and I don't know who did it. At the time, it was rumoured that " Slipper Jack" did it. I don't know who " Slipper Jack" was, or who told mc that he did it. Mr: Overend then asked witness whether he was sure he had spoken all tho truth. Ho declared most emphatically that ho had, and that nothing else could como out about bim unless some person swore fabsclj*. Joseph Coplcj*, saw-giindcr, who had been previously examined, desired to add some- thing to his evidence. Ho said :-I want to say about the Hereford-street outrage I was with Crookes when he did it. Ho employed me to assist bim. Broadhcad had engaged bim. I never saw Broadhead about it. That ij the only outrage that I havo had anything to do with, and 1 received a sovereign for it. Witness then spoke of his having been con- cerned in a case of rattening whichhas already been repoited. George Pearce, whom Broadhcad in his confession on the previous day implicated in the shooting of Elisha Parker, at Doro, and who had expressed a desire to be examined, i was then sworn. He said :-About six months before Parker was shot Broadhcad carno to my houso and asked me if I could find a man who would do something to Parker to pre- vent his working, as he was in default. After a good deal of porsunsion I consented, and employed a man who was then occasionally in my service named John Hall. His instruc- tions were that ho was to injuro Parker, but not to elo bim serious bodily harm. Hall first luid a, train of gunpowder under tho door of Parker's house ; but the explosion did not do much mischief. Parker was aftorwards shot, but whether moro wore implicated in it than Hall I am not awaro. Shortly after I received £G from Broadhead, placed it under a stone in my stnekyard, and told Hall whore it was. Hull was frequently hanging about mo after that for money, so I obtained £13 from Broadhcad, took Hall to Liverpool, and saw him sail for America. Mr. Overend.-What aro you ? Witness (a very respectable-looking elderly man).-I am a saw-manufacturer, and oin ploy one or two men. Mr. Overend.-Wore you in tho samo con- dition of lifo when Parker »as shot as you aro now? Witness.- I wish I wore in tho samo condi- tion now. I have gone down very much sinco then. I wus then, in addition to being a siiw-innlor, a larmer, and a colliery-mostor, and oiri-ilojvil many mon. Mr. Overend.-And, occupying that respect- able position, you hired one of your own. mon to shoot a neighbour, with whom j'ou had hail no quarrel? Witness.-I did. Mr. Overend.-I havo seen many a bad man, but none worse ; you may go away. Tho com t thon adjourned until Juno 24, and at that meeting a good deal of further evidence was given with rcfuronco to dotails of nitteiiing and tho kcoping and falsification of union books. FENIAN RIOT AT WATERFORD (l'ltOM TUR 1IOM15 NEWS.) A sorious riot occurred at Waterford on tho night of Thursday, Juno 13, which proved to be the most violent demonstration that has yet occurred in connexion with the move- ments of Fenian prisoners. In Cork, Limo lick, and other towns of Munster there were .¡Manifestations of popular feeling which loft no room to doubt that the mass of tho popu- lation sj*mpathiso strongly with tho rebels. Butin Watorf oíd thero were special omisos of irritation, predisposing Uw mob to violence Much soreness of feeling remains as tho. result of the encounters with the military at the late election, and there was great public ex- citement caused by the landing of so many Teman leaders near Dungarvan The sufferings they had endured from being tossed about so many weeks at sea and thou driven by starvation to ihng themselves ashore at all ha7ards, created the In ehest mtciest in their fortunes, presenting them to the popular imagination as so many heroe* of romance The íumoui that some, of them vi ere men of high social position in tho United States, and, above all, that two of thom were distinguished officers in the Irish brigade, commanded by General Meagher raised tho cvcitcnicnt to the highest pitch Meagher is a nativo of Wateiford, where his family aro very nillucntial, so that the feeling of clan- ship vv as added to all the othei elements of combustion Another mllammatory matter Mas the appearance of Condon the mfoimer, at Wateiford on Monda}, June 10, foi the pur- pose of identify mg some of the Americau fugi tn es m the county gaol It is said that his defiant bealing and cool assnranee caused general indignation among the populace It was under these cncumstanecs that four of the men who had landed near Dungallon were hi ought in by the train from Cork, winch ami ed at a quarter to nine on Thusday even- ing, June 13 Theyvvcie fust conducted to the lock np at Lad} lane, whole they were detained foi soi le time until a guard of about forty pohcemen foui being mounted, airivcd, commanded bj Head const iblc Barry During tho time which elapsed betvvecu the arrival of the pnsoneis at Ladj lane and their re- moval, the intelligence of their presence had been spread lhioue,hout the citv and largo nuinbeis of people had assembled in tho Major's walk and on the bul of Ballybncken, immediately outside the yvoL «hen ther escort made its appearance It was with diihculty that a way was mado thiough. the angry ciovvd Stones wcie tlnovvn at tho police, and there seemed tobe adctcimuni- tion to rescue the prisoners somo of w horn, vveie hit b} the stones intended for the police. They weie safelj lodged in gaol, but tho mob icntcd then fuiy on the police when they ?were loturning Brickbats paving stones, ¿vc , wcic thrown, cutting and woundmg tho men dreadfully, several of their firearms tv ere broken The} vv ere compelled to turn and charge the mob to save their lives One man named Walsh, a salter, was stabbed in the breast and was killed, another, named Keenan, vas sei ci ely stabbed, and hu> life is despaired of, about twenty others were Mounded A despeiate fight, lasting foi some minutes, ensued The hor»o police eventually cleared tho streets The mob occupied an elevated giound, having beside them a magazine of laifee stones M Inch they threw at the constabulary While this was going on a constable named Mercer happened to get sepaiated from his party, and vv as sei/cel upon by the mob and beaten Dfloits were made by the police to get him out of their hands peaceably, but without effect One or two constables w ero scvcielj injured in this attempt Head constable Barr}, who had charge of the pal ty, oideied his men to rescue Mcicer Bajonets Mero fKcd, and the men charged the mob Those onl} who have wit- nessed populai commotions can foi m au idea of tho scene vhich ensued The police pressed on an infuriated ciovvd, struggling Mith thom step by stop, Mounding somo with thevrbaj onets, and being vv ounded in retm nby stones throw n at them 'I he cav airy police, III endeavouiing to rescue then comrade also charged, and in elomg so severely injured several persons in the crowd The police. liOM c\ ei acted M ith calmness and delibera- tion, and appeared actuated throughout with a desire simply to perfoim then duty The constable Mercer Mas eventually rescued, but he Mas found in a sad plight His nile was broken, his hat stolen and himself wounded and bleeding The constables letned to their barracks with the M ounded man, and left tho cav airy to clear and presen o ordei in the streets Keenan a residont in John s lane, c\pncd on June 14 Twenty foui persons liad theirMoundsdiessid besides thirty two police- men A great number of the cn llians suffered from M ounds inflicted b} stones aimed at the» police Many of the pohco Mero seriously injin ed, and will not be able to resume duty foi a considerable period At eleven all was quiet The apothecaries' shoi» M ere besieged by patients and surrounded by crowds of ex- cited people until long after midnight The manifestations of sedition wcio of the most outrageous character The citizens seemed thunderstruck at such an exhibition of dis- loyalty The Fenians were cheered vocifer- ously, Minie England and the Queen wore hissed and groaned There was no magis- trate piesent at tho time, nor was tho sub inspector of constabular} 'lho Itiot Act was not read Many citizens have expressed a wash that tho major should con veno a meet- ing for the expression of public opinion on this disastrous occurrence A correspondent of the Freeman's Journal giv es some additional particulars of the fatal affray at Waterford Writing on the 16th, hesajs -"It appears that foin of the con- stabulary from Coik armed hero on'1 hurs day evening m charge of prisoners who were arrested at Helv ick Head, nem Dungarvan, and who M ero told oil for temporary impri- sonment at Waterford Gaol Amongst thom M oro two men who Mere identified by Corry don as ' General Nagle, of the United States ann j, and Captain 'Warren, of the New York Volunteeis The appeaiance of tins party m the dusk of tho evening attracted a crowd, and the police fiartd- without reason, I understand-that sympathisers would attempt a rescue '1 li o strongest fi ature in the case is that tho police m Water foid had no intimation of the transfer of the pnsouers, and made no arrangements either to assist then brcthien in arms or to conduct them through strange and vv miling streets ta tho gaol 'lho Cork police marched to the police station hore foi assistance mid while the constabularj vv ero being gathered in from i anous places and v ery large crow ds of men, women, and boj s collected, forty policemen armed with rilli s and bayonets and sir mounted men armed with sables were told off toescoit tho pnsoners to the gaol a dis- tance of about a quartei of a mile This march Mas peifoimcd under ccitninly trying circumstances A ciowd variously esti- mated at from a thousand to two thousand salters, fishermen, and ldlus of all classes, cheered the pnsoneis hissed then custodians and indulged in the fav ounte Irish pastime of stone th roping Some sa} thostones were abun- dant nnditwouldappcarfiom-i ai lousaceounts thatsome of the police vv ci e lim t 'I he gaol was safely reached, and the pnsoners having been giv en into the custody of the gov ei nor tho escort returned tow ants the bat racks They pioceedcd down a nanovvstieet on one side of which is a grav o yaid sun ounded by walls ten feet high Here they wein assailed by unseen stone tin owen and tho shops and houses opposite this masked hattet y bear evidence of tho nura} m respect of a fevr broken windows 'Hie pohco would not stand this treatment anj longer and vv ithoiit orders-nay, in defiance of Head constable Bnirj, Mho was m command -thej tinned, and Mith fi\cd bajonets made an indiscrimi- nate attack not upon the stone throwers or alleged stono throw eis but upon the mon, women and childi en who crushed after tin ni to seo the spoit Dennis AValsh received two thrusts of a svvoid oi sword bayonet ni tho side and breast and died on tho spot no ian aMay from the police, and attempted to pet into tho house of a publican named ONcill, but a gul shut the dooi as ho was within n step of being safe, and ho instantly lcccivcd tho wounds which left lum dead on the ilagMoy opposite the inhospitable dooi. loiennah Sullivan Mas Mounde.it in tho hip Ho is a ^ cry old man Keenan, a blacksmith, M os vv ounded in the bat k Ho is in hospital, and is doing well A little boy was severely liampled upon by tho boises , and a vvomart lcccivcd a svvoid thinst through the ann II) is said that a great many people ha\ o reeeiv od wounds Mho nie- afnud to seek medical aid' lest they should bo ai rested 1 ho doors ni tho houses in Patnck sdect aro cut with bayonet thrusts and I saw a shuttei com. posed of half inch w ood vv Inch M as completely perforated with a shaip bioad instalment 'lins thrust exttiitod to the sash of tho win- dow " The Watet fot d Mail sajs - "DXpiossions of open sedition Moto fuoly usod by th» mob last nu,ht-cheeis and huzzas foi tho. Italians and tho lush lopubhc, and; groans and lusses foi the Queen and Great) llntain Several pohcenion aie laid up Tile horso pohco mo said to havo in- dicted mimi tous llesh wounds about tho head and arm Mith their sabres when clcanng tho stieots No. ancsts havo been .mado as jet but the police, it is said, know a nuinbei of -Dioso who vvoie nng Icndeism tho mob, mid will be able to lay then hands on tliom when wanted Tho mob Moio not sacvdicd with tho pelting of the police to the» beints'content but they should M icak 4"I*ÍII biutahty on an old inof- fensive gentleman M ho was at the time aotu nllj îeiidei «g them sei vices A laifie ciowd went to j-U thin wounds diissid at Dr Ballon', establishment ut Blond stieet and Mhon the shop was full ho M as obliged to shut ihi dooi to keep tho mow d fioiu cms lung nu 11ns gavo offence to somo of the follows outside, and tho, unmodiatoly commoucod. pelting big stones,in through the windows, \- smashing,the sash and breaking the panes of -glass .and some' large' bottles in the shop. One.'îstone, a' formidable ' missile, passed within a few inches' of the doctor's head while he was dressing a man's arm." The special commission for the trial of Fenian prisoners opened at Limerick on the 11th. The grand jury found true bills for treason-felony against twelve prisoners, who all pleaded "Not Guilty." On the 12th Mr. Bourne, the manager of the Union Bank, who was shot by Captain Dunne, Mrs. Bourne and other witnesses were examined, and iden- tified the prisoners Welsh, Bradley, and Reardon as being present at the attack on Kilmallock police station. The evidence on behalf of the Crown was not concluded at the rising of the Court. The Cork prisoners under sentence of penal servitude, some for life, and others for various limited periods, arrived in Dublin on the 10th en route for their destination in English prisons. Among them are Captain John McClure, Edward Kelly, David Joyce, Thomas Bowles, alias Cullinane, James Walsh, alias Colonel F. X. O'Brien, Francis Joseph Kearns, Bartholomew Moriarty, James Kearney, and James Connell, alias Cummins. They came in a carriage appropriated to themselves, with a strong constabulary escort. The prisoners presented a wretched appearance. Clothed in the convict uniform, their beards and moustaches shaven off, and their hair closely cropped, it was impossible to distinguish them from felons of the lowest class. On the 13th Walsh, Bradley, and Riodan [Riordan/Reardon]were found "Guilty," and they were sentenced respectively to fifteen, ten, and seven years' penal servitude. Limerick, June 14.-The trial of Hennessey and Shehan was resumed this morning, and terminated at half-past two, when the jury returned, after five minutes' deliberation, a verdict of "Guilty," with a recommendation to mercy. W. H. O'Sullivan was found " Guilty" of high treason ; the jury, however, appending to their veidict a recommendation to mercy. Sentence was deferred. On the 18th, Michael Noonan was placed on trial for treason-felony at Kilmallock, and found guilty. Sentence was deferred. On the 19th the special commission concluded. Several prisoners were sentenced, and some dis- charged on bail. The Solicitor-General, when the business concluded, addressed the Court, and having made a statement of the results of the commission, hoped that the proceed- ings would exercise a beneficial effect both as to the danger and futility of engaging in such movements. It appears that at the three commissions \--Dublin, Cork, and Limerick--109 men have been put upon their trial, and of these seven have been acquitted, fifty-two convicted, while 110 have pleaded "Guilty." Eight were condemned to death, but it is scarcely neces- sary to remind our readers that in all these cases the capital sentence has been commuted to penal servitude for live [sic]. i'< DU, LIVINGSTONE. " At the annual» meeting of the Royal Geo- graphical Society on the 22nd of June, Sir Roderick Murchison made the following re- marks on tho subject of Dr. Livingstone's probable return from the interior of Africa, and as to the expedition which has sailed for the Zambesi in search of him : ' " I havo never admitted that there existed any valid proof whatever of the death of that great traveller. And now that Arab mer- chants have arrived from a spot close to the reported scene of the murder, long after tho event was said to have taken place, and brought to the Sultan of Zanzibar the intelligence that ho had passed safely into the friendly Babisa country to the westward, and that a report had arrived at Zanzibar that awhito man had reached the Lake Tanganj-ika, we have fresh. grounds for hoping that he may now be pur- suing his journey in the interior, In truth, wo have recently obtained good evidence of the, mendacity of the man Moosa, on whose statement alono the death was reported. Wo .have tho strongest grounds for dis- believing the story altogether, and for hoping that our great traveller has passed safely through the intermediate country and reached the Lake Tanganyika, the, great object of his mission. Already Livingstone, hy orossing the. northern end of/ his own Lake Nyassa, has determined one important point in respect to the watershed of South Africa, for he has proved, according to Dr. Kirk,.that this great sheet of water here terminates,' and is not connected with the moro northerly Lake Tanganyika, if ho has been spared, as wo all hope, he has before him as grand a career as was ever laid out ueforc an African explorer, it,being, now probable that Tanganyika, a fresh-; water sea which must havo an out- i let,, is connected on .the'north with the i Albert Nyanza of Baker and others be- longing to the Nile system. Let us, then, trust that Livingstone has been enabled to solvo .this singularly- interesting problem. But I would have my countrymen not to despair if they should bo a year or more ?without any news of our undaunted friend. Ijor, if he bo olive, he has with him a very small band only of faithful negroes, noone of whom could be spared to travcise the wide regions between ,Lako Tanganyilca and the coast. Until he himself reappears, we have little chance of knowing the true result of his mission. The party which is about to pro- ceed to Eastern Africa, to procure informa- tion, will be commanded by Mr. E. D. Young, who did' excellent service in the former Zambesi expedition, in the manage- ment of the Lady Nyassa river boat. With Lim will be associated Mr. Henry Faulkner, a young volunteer of great piomise, and two acclimatised men, one a mechanic and the other a seaman. The expedition is warmly supported by Her Majesty's Govern- ment. The Government have arranged for the tiansport of the party to the Capo, with the boat and stores, by tho African mail steamer, on the 0th of next month. Arrived there, one of our cruisers will tako thom to the Luabo mouth of tho Zambesi, where the boat will bo put together and the party having engaged a crew of negroes-left to . pursue their noble and adventurous errand, by the Zambesi, tho Simé, and tlio Lake Nyassa. The expedition will keep close to the eastward shore, which is hitherto unex- plored, and it is expected it will reach Kam punda, at tho northern extremity, by tho end of September, and theic ascertain whether our gieat traveller has perished as reported, or has passed forward m safety to Cozcmbe and Tanganyika." THE SLADE BARONETCY CASE. (FHOSI THU TIMES.) Tho Slado Baronetcy case has at last reached the close of its first stage, but tho Court of Exchequer being equally divided, * has pronounced no formal judgment. In accordance,, however, with a well-known cus- tom, tho opinion of the junior baron is under- stood to be withdrawn, and an appeal will doubtless bo carried up to the Houso of Lords. The facts out of which this action arose aro not only remarkable in themsolvcs, but derivo an additional interest from their long suppres- sion, The plaintifi, General Marcus Slade, is the twin biother, and tho defendant, Alfred Slade, is the oldest son, of the luto Sir Frede riokSlade, upon the validityof whose marriage, in 1833, tho light of succession depends. Wo must, however, go back as far as 1S25 in order to nrrivo at tlio fountain-head of this complicated affair. In that autumn, neaily forty-two year's ago, Miss Mostyn, now the widow of Sir Frederick, was living with her mother at Milan. She there became intimate with a Baron von Kurber, then a lieutonant in the Austrian I'.'ngineors, and a inairiago ceremony was solemnized between thom at tho Church of St. Fedolo. The union, which seems to have been hastily contracted, proved eminently unhappy. M Ullin six montlis a judicial sepaiation was piocured, and an agreement signed whereby an annuity was seemed by Mis. Mostyn to the biu'oirïu con- sideration of his undertaking to molest her daughter no longer. It appears that beforo this agreement was mado Mudamo von Kdr tor had already found a protector in Mr. Frede- rick Slade, afterwards Sir Frederick Slade, and sho renowed hor acquaintance willi bim «pon their loturn to England. Moro than seven years passed without her seeing any- thing of the baron, and in December, 1833, «ho was married to Mr. Slade, at St. George's, Hanovor-squaro. Goneral Marcus Slade, how cvor, states,, in a letter to his nephew, that " the marriage was never made publie until 1818," and was thou immediately challenged by himself as illegal. The baron, who lived to bo a Major Guncral, died in 1833, and ten years later Sir Frederick Slado (having succeeded his father in 1850) died also. It had long been knoivn in tho family, and far beyond the family, that it was the intontion of General Marcus Slado to claim the title and estates in tho ovont of his surviving Sit Frederick ; indeed, ho had urged tho propriety of raising the issue during the lifetimo of the latter, This step was novor taken, perhaps, because all parties shrank from tho painful disclosures which it could not but inVolvo,'and tlio con- sequence has been thatsomo essential points remain in hopeless doubt. Tlio most caroful researches have. been made into the circum- stances of the alleged marriage at Milan, and 1 Austrian lawyers have been examined as to the requirements of the Austrian code, but the results after all have been such as to1 lead the two senior barons of the Exche- quer te? one conclusion r and the two juniors to another. H.'the Milan mar- riage was valid, it follows, of course, that the marriage at St. George's, Hanover square, and any subsequent re-marriage up to the death of Baron von Körber, was void, . and the defendant illegitimate. The grounds, upon which the validity of the former mar-' riage was denied on his behalf wore twofold. It was urged, in the first place, that no duo publication of the banns had ever taken place. Here the documentary evidence was inconrplete, and, as Lady Sladc's memory could not supply the defect, the judges were inevitably driven to choose between conflict- ing presumptions. Secondly, it was main- tained that the ceremony was performed by a priest who was legally incompetent. Accord- ing to Austrian law, the clergyman who cele: brates a marriage must have the cure of souls over one, at least, of the parties. Now, the baron and Miss Mostyn were married by a military priest, called Feld Superior Nagy, the parish priest having declined the office, because the bridegroom was a Protestant and the bride a Catholic, and no dispensation had been given for a mixed marriage. To this it was replied, for the plaintiff, that a feld superior, under the mili- tary law of Austria, had spiritual jurisdiction over the baron, though a Protestant, at least for this purpose. If the Milan marriage be prima facie valid, never having been ques- tioned in an Austrian court, a very strong ease must be made out to justify an English court, after so long an interval, in pro- nouncing it void. It it bo prima facie void, or if the London marriage, being performed in accordanco with our own law, be prima facie valid, the difficulty of proving the nega- tive at this distance of time may be insuper- able. The Chief Baron and Baron Martin, adapting the latter alternative, gave judg- ment for the défendant ; Barons Bramwell and Pigott, adopting the former, gave judg- ment for the plaintiff. THE GRAND PRIX DE PARIS. CROWNED HEADS IN PARIS. (FROM TUE PALL MALL GAZETTE.) Since racing was first established in France our neighbours have never witnessed such a day as the 2nd of June, when the Grand Prix de Paris was run for in the presence of three crowned heads, some half-dozen Boyal princes, and many European notabilities. The day was intensely hot, and all Paris seemed to have turned out into the Bois de Boulogne. The ladies in their gorgeous toi- lets, sitting in close rows, as seen from the top of the Grand Stand, looked, to use the stock simile, like a dazzling parterre of splendid flowers. In the ring behind, the bookmakers were shouting out the* names of the horses they were ready to bet against, and the odds they were prepared to offer. Most of them had affixed their lists to the stems of the trees on the large oval lawn, or to the rustic pillars supporting the thatched roof of the betting-ring. Just as the bell rang to clear the course for the first race there was a stir at the back of the Imperial tribune, people rushed backwards and forwards in an excited manner, suddenly the large gate3 of the enclosure wero thrown open, and several of the Imperial carriages, each drawn by four horses, with the postilions in green and gold liveries, dashed in and drew up before the entrance to the Imperial tribune. From' the first carriage the King and Queen of the Belgians alighted, and from the others vari- ous ladies and gentlemen of their suite. The King, a handsome-looking man with well chiselled features, moustache; and long light whiskers, at once took up his position in the1 balcony of the tribune, and scanneel t the as- sembled company through his eyeglas3.. The' first race was run for- a prize of a couple of thousand francs, and then another and much more exciting commotion arose as a long line of Imperial carnages entered the enclosure, I bringing the Emperor, with the Czar, of ltussia and his two sons, tho Czarewitch I and the Grand Duke Vladimir, the Grand Duchess Marie' 'and her daughter, the Prince Hoyal of Prussia, and the Prin-, cess Murat. Presently the illustrious group i were seen in the Imperial box. Standing on the steps outsido the rails of the balcony on the left' wero General Fleury and Prince Gortschakoff. Within the balcony rails were the Princess Murat, and next to her the Prince ' Royal of Prussia. On the Prince's .left sat, the Emperor of Russia, a'tall'and isbmewhat hard-featured man, 'looking very" Iikcari! officer of dragoons,' and' wearing'a low-crowned hat veiy much1 over, his-eyes, brown trousers, and light blue necktie-quite a racing costume. Next to him was the Queen of the Belgians in white and mauve, and beside her the Emperor Napoleon, with the Grand Duchess Marie on his left hand, i Then came the Princess Mathilde and the Czar's two sons ; the daughter of the Grand Duchess Marie ; behind her the Jupanese prince, the younger brother of the Tycoon ; and beside her the King of the Belgians. Now and then the Crown Prince of Prussia and the Czar exchanged a few words, and occasionally the Emperor addressed the Queen of the Belgians, but generally they looked somewhat bored and ill at ease. The King of the Belgians was the only one who seemed in good spirits. He laughed and chutted( with the Czar's two sons, and later in, the afternoon took Prince Gortschakolf by the button-hole, and talked to bim with a vivacity which seemed to be quite contagious, rousing the Princo from his impassive stolidity into most undiplomatic excitement. The Prince evidently gives little thought to dress ; a largo black silk handkerchief wound round his neck, loose grey trousers, a rather iJiabby bat, and a pair of burnished steel spectacles balanced on his nose, made up his free and easy attire. During an interval be- tween the races, Isabelle, the bouquetière of the Jockey Club, was admitted to the Im- perial tribune, and hauded Howers to the company. About half-past three o'clock the loud rumbling of thunder was heard sound- ing like the roar of distant artillery, and laigo drops of rain began to fall. Gradually the storm moved round in a circle, and' finally seemed to settle over Paris. For tho Grand Prix de Paris ten boises start, and after a close struggle Patrician and Fcr vacques ran a dead heat, D'Estournel coining in third. When tho race was contested again, Fcrvacques was declared the winner by half a length. THE PRESS OF THE ANTIPODES. (FROM THE NEW YORK TIMES, JUN_'J.) If large, handsome, and well-edited news- papers, crowded with advertisements, aro any indication of advanced and liberal civilisa- tion, and of material prosperity, tho colonies of Australia and New Zealand cannot bo vory far behind the parent country in theso re- spects. Of course, the very first thing which an English or American colony does, after getting fairly settled, is to jmblish a news- paper, be it on ever so small a pattern. Even the little settlement of New Englanders at Jaffa has a weekly paper, though there aro not fifty persons to read it, anti its ontire contents would scarcoly fill a single column of the Times. But the Australian press is almost metropolitan in importance. Tho daily papers of Melbourne and Sydney rival those ot London and New York m size and appearance, and aro not wanting in editorial ability ; anil though the topics gonorally dis- cussed in their columns possess local interest only, yet it is the interest of a country that is nipidly increasing in wealth, population, und international "importance.* ' The principal daily papers of Australia, of .which we happen to have files before us, are tho Melbourne Argus, an eight-page paper as largo as tho London Times, well edited and weil printed on good firm paper ; the Mel- bourne Age, about tho same sizo and appear- ance ; tho Sydney Morning Herald, eight pages: tho Sydney-¿mpire, eight pages ; and tho Hobart Town Mercury,' also eight pages. Most of theso papers uro made union the model of the London Times-tho Englishman's grand idea of a newspaper, ? The amount of reading matter in The Argus is about equal to that given in the Times, Tho transac- tions of tho Colonial Parliament are re- ported at frightful length, and wo sincerely nope the Australians found tho debates less fatiguing reading than wo found thom. Crimes of all sorts, "but principally tho crime familiarly known in the colonies as "sticking up,"-which means in English highway robbery-take up a largo amount of space in theso papers, their "local" department being mainly devoted to tho recital of such pleasant incidents as thefts, murders, incendiaries, , assaults, and other playful deviations from tho lino of strict morality. ,It must not bo supposed, howevor, that tho Australian editors limit themselves to the discussion of colonial topics. Tlie affairs of Europe" arid America receive a largo share of their attention ; and ? if Louis Napoleon and Count Bismarck, and Prince Gortschakoff and Lord Derby, would only listen to tho gooel ftdvico adrainistorod with grave sageness from Melbourne, Sydney, ' and Hobart Town, they would find themselves relieved of half the burdens of state. A savage article on Mr. Ashley, in the Hobart Town' Mercury for March 15, would no doubt be read with intense enjoyment by President Johnson, and Secretary M'CuUoch might be pained to leam that the Sydney Empire re- gards him as a " financial charlatan." Among the Sydney papers there is an Aus- tralian Punch, a very good imitation of the .London original in appearance, and quite equal to it in smartness, fun, and wit. The illustrations, though coarsely engraved, are spirited in design, and no doubt are enjoyed vastly by the Australians. The Australasian is a very handsome literary paper, published at Melbourne It is larger than the Illustrated London News, con- tains thirty-two well-printed pages, filled with interesting original and selected stories, poetry, miscellaneous reading matter, and a well-arranged summary of colonial news. A handsomer or better paper of the kind is not published out of London. Even in New Zealand, a country which we are apt to associate only with tatooed savages, several exceUent newspapers have been pub- lished for many years. The Wellington In- dependent is considerably older than the Times, and it is said to be a flourishing and paying concern. Then there is the Otago Witness, published at Dunedin, a weekly paper of twenty pages, as large as the New York Ledger. The number we saw contained the prospectus of a new daily paper, to be shortly established at Dunedin, the Otago Free Press. How singular itis.fby the way, that the same old stock of names supplies the newspaper press.of every country. Even in Australia, where we might reasonably expect a little variety in this respect, we are treated to a Times, a Herald, ii News, an Argus, an Age, and so on through the list. It wouid be de- cidedly refreshing to seo a new paper starting under a really new name. Is it an impos- sibility ? Why won't Mr. Dana try the ex- periment? The excellence of the Australian newspapers is doubtless owing, in pait, to the isolation of the colonies and the vast distance that separates them from the mother country. Thus thrown upon their own resources, they have built up newspapers which, in anpear i ance, far surpass those of Franco and Ger- many, and are second only to those of Lon- don. There aro no such papers in tho Canadas, because the Canadians rely more on the press of London and New York for news and general reading than on their own. The Australian papers are edited by gentlemen who have been connected with tho London press, and who have emigrated either for their own or their country's good. At any rate, most of them aro men of ability, and know how to maleo loadable papers. LITERARY GOSSIP. Dante's Inferno has been made to supply the materials for the libretto of a new opera by Gounod. Messrs. Routlcdge and Sons will shortly publish a new volume of poems by Mr. Robert Buchanan, entitled North Coast Poems. The typographic establishment of the Im- maculate Conception at Modena has been destroyed by fire, and religious books con sideied tobe worth £7,000 were consumed. The remains of the late Charles F. Brown (" Artcmus Ward ") have been deposited in the burying ground of his native place, the village of Waterford, Maine, U.S. A life of nawthof ne, the American novelist, ' is announced as in preparation in the United ' States. It is to be written by a Mr. Pike, who had been an associate of Hawthorne from boyhood upwards. It is said that the first works to bo printed 'by the Spenser Society are those of John Heywood, an old dramatist, who died in the early years of Elizabeth's reign ; to be fol- lowed by the works of Taylor, the water poet. The Manx Society havo just published, in one large octavo volume, an English- and Manx and Manx-and-English dictionary, under the editorship of the Rev. W. Gill,'and the Rev. J. T. Clarke. A Psalter of Saint Louis, King of France, has just been found in the University of Leyden. It bears the following inscription : -"Ce Psautier esta Mgr. Saint Louis, qui fust Roy do France, auquel il aprist cn enfance." , A curious and interesting work has ap- peared in Paris, entitled Des Cliansons Popu- laires, chez les Anciens et diez les Français, an historical essay oil popular songs, by Charles ¡Nisard. A Jady connected with an illustrious family, | and herself an elegant writer, is just dead. We .allude to the widow of the late Earl of Gifford, better known as Lady Dufferin, as the sister of Mrs. Norton and of the present Duchess of Somerset, and as a descendant of Sheridan. A subscription has been commenced for placing a memorial brass over the gravo of Bishop Heber, at Tricbinopoly. "It is a sadly interesting circumstance," says the Homeward Mail, "that Bishop Cotton sent a donation towards it fiom the yacht in which he was sailing a few days before he mat with his own melancholy end-one similar to that of Bishop Heber." Tho artists and writers of Punch, who so successfully produced a theatrical performance for the benefit of the widow and childien of their late colleague, sat to the artists of the London Stereoscopic Company for a large photographic group, in which they all ap- peared hi the respective characters sustained by them in the " Sheep in Wolfs Clothing." The proceeds of the photographs are to bo devoted to the kindly object above men- tioned. Another journalistic duel is reported from Paiis. It took place between ' M. Floquet, whom the Pays had accused of being an accomplice in the attempted assassination of the Czar, and M. de Latouche, one of the writers in that journal. M. Floquet was 1 wounded in the hand ; whereupon the en- counter terminated. The question alises : What did M. Floquet gain by his mcdiieval folly? The New York World has coined a new veib-" to burgle." It is derived from the noun "burglar " or "burglary." Wc cannot regard it as a happy invention ; but no doubt, as the English race on both sides of the Atlantic are fond of neologisms, it will be adopted by many. The Broadway will appear in August under the editorship of Mr. Edmund Routledge. A list of contributors promises good fare of the magazine kind. It appears that some American authors are also to be engaged upon the venture. The Broadway will give eighty pages for sixpence ; and a muscular novel by the author of '' Guy Livingstone " is to foi m a leading feature. The new periodical will be illustrated. A long and very elaborate article on " The Origin of Species," in answer to Mr. Darwin, appears in tho last number of the North British Review. Tho writor contends that " Darwin's theory is an ingenious and plau- sible speculation, to which futuro physiolo- gists will look back with the kind of admira- tion we bestowon the atoms of Lucretius, or the crystal spheies of Eudoxus, containing, like these, some faint half-tiuths, marking at once tho ignorance of the age and the ability of the philosopher." "It appears," says the Guardian, "that the Albeit Nyanza and tho Victoria Nyanza were not discovered for the first time in tho nineteenth century, Defoe, in his amusing Life, Adventures, and Pyracies of the famous Captain Singleton, published in 1720, repre- sents with tolerable precision the intornal geography of Africa, and the position of these two Jakes. With respect to a third lake that of Tanganyika-ho is moro at a loss. It is evident that on theso subjects Defoe , had talked with Portuguese sailors and cap- tains, who in their turn had gained their in- formation from the overland Arab tradors between tho Nile and Zanzibar. If any doubt should arise on this hoad, tho question would bo settled by Defoe's accurate know- ledge of tho Mozambique Channel." A Paris letter says-.-" Madame Ristori is now living in Paris, having returned from America, whoro sho realised no loss than £40,000 clear money. Those of your readers who aro visiting this metropolis-and they 1 aio daily becoming moro numerous-will bo glad to hear that tho celebrated tragedian in- tends playing during three nights at the Théâtre Italien. Her first appearance will tako place on tho 12th of the present month, on which occasion sho will perform in " Elisabetta." The King of Prussia, who is one of tho most fervent admirers of tho talent and genius of this actress, has already taken a box for the first evening. On tho loth Ristori will not in "Mario Stuart," and on the 18thin "Medea." Mr. George Russell Fronch has addressed a letter to Messrs. William Georgo Clark and William Aldis Wright, editors of the Cam- bridge Shakspeare, stating that, in the prcpa íation of his goncalogical notices of tho Shak spearo and Arden families for tho supplemen- tary volumes of that edition of tho poet's woiks, he has found the long-missing link which really unites Shakspeare with tho an- cient family of Aldon, of Warwickshire. Hitherto, tho statement has rested only on conjecture ; but Mr. French says ho has dis covered records proving the accuracy of ti tradition, and ho thinks he shall be able 1 add some hitherto-unknown facts to th bulk of our knowledge of the Shakspeat family. A subscription (says the Pall Mall Gazelti has been set on foot for a testimonial to th puet Freiligrath, who, in consequence of th closing of the London branch of the Bank e Switzerland, of which he was manager, he been deprived of the income on wliich he he supported his family in London for man yeaTs. This misfortune has induced th friends of the poet to issue an appeal to h countrymen, which has been enthusiastieall responded to in all parts of Germany. # . mixed committee of Germans and Englisl men, of which Lord Lytton is tho honorai president, has also been formed in Londo ior the purpose of collecting subscriptior from the English admirers of the poet. According to the Times of India, of Ma 20, a ship belonging to the Sultan of Zanziba; which had recently arrived at Bombay, ha brought further confirmations of the deat of Dr. Livingstone in the way reportée "The Johanna men M-IIO had been in th doctor's service, and brought the news of hi death, had been taken before the Sultan c Raish of Johanna, and strictly cross- examine as to the route taken, and the events bot before and after the doctor's death. The M-ere also examined by Dr. Kirk, who foun that the route they stated to have been take; M-as the same as that which Livingstone liai marked out for himself before starting. Di Sevvaid made every inquiry at Keelwal (Quiloa), but failed to obtain any further in formation." " It is ali cady understood to be the pnrpos of Jeff. Davis (says the New York Times) t set to work M'riting a book, giving history of the secession movement, th Southern struggle, and his own adventure from December, I860, to May, 1867. Davi will probably be able to make out an es cellent case for himself, showing that he ha been a political sage, a military boro, and patient martyr. If, without being pretentiou or egotistical, he would make a clean breas of the M-hole matter, and expose honestly ai his experiences and knowledge, his bool would bo a really valuable contribution t the history of the times. But it is ahead pretty generally known that his administrate] was extiemely unpopular in the South, am that a large portion of the Southern peopl attribute the downfall of the Confederac; to his incompetency. A contribution to English letters by i Hindu is a rare experience to a critic. Mr Satyani Jayati, member of the Ceylon brand of the Royal Asiatic Society, has published i monograph on The Sung of Songs, a Hebrei Pastoral Drama, not by King Solomon, ac companied by oriental illustrations in thi shape of texts and drawings. There is no much in the book beyond the fact of its Hindi authorship. Mr. Jayati laughs at thespiritua symbolism which orthodox critics have agrcei to find in the Song of Songs, and he adopts generally, M. Kenan's interpretation of the erotic passages in the poem. He does tin same for the religious poetry of his owi countrymen, especially of the Gita Govinda the celebrated song in praise of Crishna, But there his service ends. He has nothinf new to tell us either of the Song of Songs or o: the Gita Govinda ; even his translations arc borrowed from Sir William Jones and Pro fessor Lassen, of Bonn. Tlie Irish papers record the death of Dr, John Anster, the first translator of Goethe's Faust into English. Ile was horn al Charleville, and showed a readiness in poética, composition early in life. Fragments of his translation of the first part of Faust ap- peared in Blackwood's Magazine as long agc as June, 1820-which must have been aboul the time that Shelley also translated some fragments of the same poem. Goethe is said to have been attracted by Mr. Anster's ver sion, and the complete translation of the first part appeared in a volume in 1835. The second part did not appear till thrco years ago, when it was noticed in this journal. Dr. Anster also wrote original poems, and was a contributor to the magazines. Ho was Begius Professor of Civil Law in Trinity CoDcge, Dublin; and.at his funeral, wliich took place on Wednesday morning, the mem- bers of the Royal ? Irish Academy, with the council of which he iwas long connected, formed in procession. . - The New York Nation, referring to the sum recently voted M. de Lamartine, by the French Legislature, remarks :-"The attacks made on M. de Lamartine while the decision in regard to the pecuniary aid to be given to bim by tho Government was still pending, seem to be subsiding, now that the matter is understood to be' settled. The Government will give, it is stated, 400,000f., not to Lamar- tine himself, but to his creditors ; and this sum, joined to the proceeds of the greater portion of his paternal estates, will suffice to clear off his debts. . The poet's favourite resi- dence-a small estate of no great market value-M'ill be left in his hands during his life, and an annual sum of 30,000f. will be paid to him during the same period by the state, so as to enable him to live comfortably for the time still left to him. This pension will cease on his death, at which period his residence, and any other property belonging to him at the time of his decease, will become the property of the state, and be sold for its benefit." The Messrs. Cassell are following up their other handsome re-issues of tho works illus tiated by Gustave Doré, by a translation of the Fables of La Fcmlaine, with all the striking and numerous woodcuts of the great French artist. The book is to bo published in monthly part, at 7d., and the first is accom- panied by a large a very effective portrait of Doré. The size of the volume is tho same as that of Don Quixote and the illustrated Bible, a handsome quarto, on toned paper. Some woodcuts aTO of the full size oí the "page, with no printing at tho back ; the smaller engravings aie worked into the text, as hcad and-tail pieces. Having so recently as April 13 noticed the original French edition of Doré's La Fontaine, and commonted upon several of the most remarkable designs, we need now say little more than that the English edition ie-produces those designs from the Fiench blocks. The translatinn of the Fables has been executed by Mr. Walter Thornbury. It is in verse, like the original ; but wo aro not sure that the stories would not havo read better in proso. With reference to Mr. Ruskin's strange statements about Mr. Carlyle and the Lon- don ruffians, the following letter from the veteran author appears in TheTimes r~" Sir, -I could still wish, by way of marginal note to your friendly article of Monday last {The Times of 3rd Juno), to add for my own sake, and for a much valued fiiond's, tho two fol- lowing little bits of commentary :-1st. That I by no means join in heavily blaming Mr. Ruskin, and, indeed, do not blame him at all, but the contrary, except for the almost inconceivably practical blunder of printing my name, and then of cnrelessly hurling topsy- turvy into wild incredibility all he had to rc poit of me-of me, and indirectly of the whole vast multitude of harmless neighbours, whom I live with here-in London and its suburbs, moro than 2,000,000 of us, I should think, who all behave by second nature in an obliging, peaceable, and perfectly human manner to each other, and are all struck M-ith amazement at Mr, Ruskin's hasty'para graph upon us. 2nd. That in regard to the populace or canaille of London, to the class distinguishable by behaviour as our non human, or half-human neighbours, which class is considerably more extensive and mis- cellaneous, and much more dismal and dis- gusting than you seem to think, I substan- tially agree with all that Mr. Ruskin has said of it.-I remain, sir, your obedient seivant, T. CARLYLE, Chelsea, June 7." Mr. Dickens has related in All the Year Round the story of a strange coincidence, having almost a' supernatural character, which lecontly occurred to himself. It is contained in a note which ho appends to au article by a contributor, who advances somo new theories with regard to spectral appear- ances, and tells tho famous stories of Lord Lyttclton (with somo additions not hitherto published) and of Lorel Tyrone and Lady Borasford. Remarking on tho latter, Mr. Dickens thinks that natural explanations aro sufficient : and, in illustration of " tho broad margin of allowance that must always bo left for coincidence in theso cases," relates the following singular anecdote :-" Wo dreamed that we weio in a largo assomblj, and saw a lady in a blight rod wrapper, whom M'c thought wo know. Her back being to M-aids us, M'o touched her. On her look- ing round, she disclosed a faco that was unknown to us, and, on our apologising, said, pleasantly, ' I am Miss N-,' mentioning a name, not the name of any friond or ac- quaintance wo had, although a woll-knovvn name. The dream was unusually vivid, and M'o awoke. On tho very next evening, wo recognised (with a strango feeling), coming in at tho open door of our room, the lady of the drenm, in tho bright red wrapper. Moro ox traoidmary still, tho lady was presented by thofriend who accompanied her, asMissN-, tho name in tho dream. No circumstance near or remote, that we could over trace, in the least accounted for this. The lady carno on tho real common-placo visit, in pursuanco of an appointment quito unexpectedly mado with tho lady who introduced her, only on the night of the dream. From the latter, we had no previous knowledge of her name, nor of her existence." Hannah Lightfoot seems to bid fair to be as great a subject of literary discussion as the mysterious " Junius" himself, who, accord- ing to Byron, was "really, truly, nobody at all." Mr. W. J. Thoms, of Notes and Queries, is desirous, as our readers are aware (says the London Review), of putting poor Hannah in the same position, having devoted a series of papers, recently republished in a separate vo- lume, to disproving not merely the love affair between herself and George III. when Prince of Wales, but her actual existence. In the Athenäum, however, Mr. J. Heneage Jesse publishes a long papar,,tin which he brings forward several documents, &c;, showing that Hannah Lightfoot really existed at the time referred to in the story ; that her father was Matthew Lightfoot, a tradesman residing at' Wapping ; that ho was a quaker ; that Han- nah's maternal uncle, Henry Wheeler, carried on business as a linendraper in Market-street (or lane), St. James's ; that it was here the . Prince saw and fell in love with Hannah ; that from this house she suddenly and mysteriously eloped, about 1753 or 175-1 ; and that shortly afterwards she was clandestinely married to one Isaac Axford, a grocer on Ludgate-hill, from whom she separated, either at the church door, or a very brief time subsequently, after which her family were never able to obtain any authentic information respecting her fate. Mr. Thoms, returning to the subject in the last number of Notes and Queries, abandons his previous assertion that the fair Hannah is a mythical being, and says he has " discovered evidence" of her existence, and of that of Isaac Axford; but be adds:-"One of the stories respecting Hannah Lightfoot tells us that she was married to Axford at Keith's Chapel, May Fair, left him at the door of the chapel, joined her Royal lover, and was never seen afterwards by her desponding husband. There is thus much of truth in the story, as I have ascertained by an examination of the registers of marriage of the chapel in ques- tion-namely, that Isaac Axford and Hannah Lightfoot really were married there on December 11, 1753, at which time the Prince, ' bigoted, young, and chaste, to whose arms she is said to have flown, was fifteen years of age ! Is this a very probable story ? When I add that Isaac Axford married a second wife on December 3, 1759-something less than six years after his marriage with Hannah Light- foot -and that lie then described himself as a 'widower,' and that this was nearly a twelve- month before George III. ascended the throne, I have tokl my readers all that I have gathered upon the subject up to this time. I am still pursuing my ineiuines, and they shall be made acquainted/ with the result. But I feel as- sured that those who fairly weigh all the evi- dence which already exists upon the subject, will be prepared to share the conviction which I have already avowed-that, as far as George III. is concerned, ' the story of Hannah Light- foot is a fiction, and nothing but a fiction, from beginning to end. ' " And so for the pre- sent the case stands. MISCELLANY. THE son of Brigham Young, the chief of the Mormons, has arrived in Paris. ANNOYED at the bursting of a sausage cook- ing for his dinner, one day in June, a Paisley cloth-worker committed suicide. THE Swedenborgians are making a great many proselytes in London, and are erecting a place of worship at Camberwell, at a cost of £2,000. , ONE of the first acts of Hungary, on the recovery of its liberty of action, has been to adopt the decimal system of coinage. THE Rev. James Irvine, Vicar of Leigh, has expelled a number of boys from the church school, because they gave their services as drum and fife players to the Weslej*ans on a recent occasion. THE yacht Henrietta, the winner of tho ocean race, arrived at New York on the 8th of June/having made the voj-age in thirty-, two days and eleven hours. The Henrietta encountered heavy weather during nearly the whole passage. , IT is announced by one of the Dublin papéis, " on what it believes to be excellont authority," that the Duke of Cambridge, who. is about to visit Ireland on a tour of inspec-i tion, will be accompanied by.the Prince of Wales. THE committee of. the House of Commons has dealt a death blow at the whole principle of what is called preference stock, by throw- ing out the Great Eastern Bill, on the ground that the preamble was not proved. A PROJECT has lately been started at Berlin for a matrimonial alliance, which it is hoped may also have a political character, between Prince Albrecht of Prussia and the Princess Eugenie, eldest daughter of King Charles XV. of Sweden. A SCHOOL TEACHER in a Texas town, was grossly insulted by a man, who told her, at the same time, that if. she had any friends to avenge the insult she could send them to bim. The lady replied that she was able to protect herself, and, drawing a pistol, shot the man, killing him on the spot. THE inhabitants in the eastern townships of Lower Canada, along the Gulf and River of St. Lawrence, aro threatened with famine. The failure of the crops and fisheries of last year is understood to be the cause of the suf- ferings. Two young girls, who were left in charge of a roadside inn near Basle, Switzerland, have been murdered by a young man who is sup- posed to have come to England. After mur- dering them he decamped with a leathern belt containing £200. JOHN ANTRIM, of the firm of Antrim and Sweet, merchants in this city, has fallen-heir to a large estate in Ireland, the property of the late Earl of Antrim. The whole estate is valued at £7,000,000 sterling, of which Mr. Antrim gets about one half.-St. Louh paper. DISPATCHES received at St. Petersburg from Orenburg state that 2,000 Bokharians have advanced against the fort of Karabeidak, and killed fifteen Cossacks.. They have cut off communication with the remaining fortresses of the country, and threaten Karabeidak itself. IT is said that Lopez betraj-ed the principal fort of Queretaro into the hands of Escobedo for 1,000 ounces of gold. It is also reported that Escobedo killed a number of prisoners himself after the surrender. Previous to the surrender the Emperor Maximilian was com- plimented by the Imperialist officers for bravery under fire and self-denial during the campaign. Tun wife of a brewer at Chorlton-on-Med lock, placed a bag containing £680 in cheques, notes, and gold, man outhouso for'sccuritj'. Next morning it was missing. After a long search the bag was found, with the money all safe, in a manure heap in an adjoining stable. It is supposed that a Newfoundland dog, which was in the habit of secreting things, had removed it. THE Emperor'Napoleon has promised to pay a visit to the King of Pmssia in October. It is understood that the king leaves for Ems upon the 14th of Julj*. After his stay at Ems His Majesty will go, by way of Baden and Signiaringen, to London, returning to Berlin in October. A WOMAN, residing near Limerick, who lost her reason through tho death of her husband, imagined that if she burnt her child the soul of the deceased would go to heaven, Accord- ingly, in the absence of her family, she placed tho child on the fire, and heaped coals on it until it was nearly consumed. ON Wednesday afternoon a fast train from Liverpool to Southport, at a crossing near Marsh'-lano, ran over a woman and her child. It is marvellous that both tho woman and the child' escaped without the. slightest in- jury, and when overtaken by the guard and fireman she was crossing a field, and seemed scarely to understand that she had been so nearly killed. The escape seems all the more marvellous when the height of tho fire-box from tho ground was found to bo only about one foot.-Liverpool Albion, June 21. THE Empress of Mexico has been made acquainted with the fact of her husband's capture, in order to produce a reaction from listless despondency. The Empress appeared suddenly to recover her lucidity of mind ; she exclaimed that the Mexican nation was not capablo of so odious an outrage as to raise a homicidal hand against a prince who bud devoted himself with such great self denial to tho regeneration of the country ; and that in any case the Emperor had pro scived his honour. ON tho occasion of a dinner given by a sporting nobleman to celebrate a success which had been unexpectedly " pulled off " at Hampton Races, a gentleman invited to join the party cynically replied that he de- clined to como himself, but that ho should have no objection to send his valet, who, ho believed, was a very agreeable fellow, and who would doubtless find himself at home in such society. THE Moniteur contained in its official part, a paragraph beginning with this extraordi- nary sentence " Wo omitted to montion tho departure of tho King of Prussia," which had taken place three days boforo. Tho words aro" of courso intended to imply that tho King_ of Pmssia is a personago of no particular im- portance, and they havo been interpreted, both in Paris and in Berlin, as conveying an intentional slight. DEATH FROM ATTEMPTING: TO TAKE A PILL. -On Tuesday last, the Rev. Thomas Major, itinerant Wesleyan preacher, aged about thirty-five years, being in somewhat impaired health, was visiting his aged father, Mr. Thomas Major, farmer, of Cholmondeston. On that morning he partook of his breakfast as usual, and afterwards, feeling somewhat worse, tried to take a pill. The pill, however, stuck in his throat, and suffocated him. He attempted to wash it down with water, but could not succeed, and he died in the greatest agony.-Cliester Chronicle. "ALL is ENDED!" is the despairing cey at Madrid. For some months past tho liberty .of the press and the liberty of public meeting , had, been taken away. There only remained' the liberty of the Cortes, and that, too, has | now been suppressed. On the evening of the 15th, the Lower House, by 157 votes against 1 sixteen, denuded itself of the freedom of the tribune. The Queen now has the whole coun- try completely under her control. DEATH OF MR. W. M'CONNULL.-We regret to announce the death of Mr. W. M'Connell, the well-known draughtsman on wood. The deceased gentleman had natural talent, which only needed instruction and refine- ment to have won for him a good place in the ranks of art. ne contributed to many of our popular periodicals, but will be best rcmembeied by his illustrations to Mr. Sala's Twice Round the Clock, which were full of spirit. Mr. M 'Connell for several years worked in harmony with Mr. C. H. Bennett, whom ho has survived but a short time.-Star. BLOCKADE RUNNING.-Within the last few days a gentleman connected with the manage- ment of Crete affairs in London has been down to Liverpool and purchased two of the fastest blockade runners that were ever con- structed on the Mersey. These steamers were built especial!} for running tho blockade from Nassau, etc., to some of the Southern ports. These vessels are propelled by paddles, and their speed is of such a character that the Turkish fleet will have hot work of it when tlie blockade running between Syra and the coast of Crete commences in reality. Both of these new blockade runners will leave the Mersey for Syra in a few days fully equipped. Express. Mr. NEWNHAM WOOLLEY", M.R.C.S., states in a letter to The 'Times that the village of Bardney, in Lincolnshire, was visited in January with a disease closely resembling the new Black Death. Sickness, headache, and complete prostration were the first symptoms. Afterwards the patient became delirious, and a purple eruption appeared. Under the free use of stimulants, followed by large doses of quinine and morphia, nearly all the patients recovered. Within a few weeks of the sub- sidence of this epidemic, the same locality was visited by an attack of mild typhus fever. This and other evidences seem to show that the new disease is alb'ed to typhus, and due to the same or similar causes. THE DUCHESS OF NEWCASTLE.-A rumour that the wife of a duke and the wife of a bishop arc about to appear in public as singers, will probably be enough, in our wonder-seeking society, to fill even Exeter hall with an eager audience. For once the good-natured public will be right in following its instincts. The cause which has won the goodwill of a host of patrons, and which has decided the Duchess of Newcastle and Mrs. Ellicott to appear in public-the desire to assist with funds the home of relief for chil- dren with chronic diseases of the joints-is worthy of every one's helping hand. The oratorio selected for performance is Herr Schachner's " Israel's Return from Babylon." -Athenoum. THE ANDAMANS.-A letter from Singapore, dated the 6th of May, announces the arrival there of Her Majesty's surveying ship Sylvia, Captain Brooker, on her way to Japan. She touched at the Cape and Trincomalco, and visited the Andaman Islands in search of the flat rock. The rock was found about sixty miles from land. It is about the size of a table on an invisible bank, and stands eight ! feet out of the water at low tide. She then I proceeded to the Little Andaman to learn i particulars of the murder of the crow,of the English merchant ship Assam Valley. It was i discovered that.the Little'Andaman is in pos- session of tho Nicobar islanders, notorious I pirates and murderers, and it is expected that j the Indian Go'vernmcnt wiU send a strong force down to deport the scoundrels. The Sylvia then .touched at« Martaban, and sounded the.Malay coast for the telegraph cable from India to China, through the Malacca Straits. : . - ) THE ACT ON THE SHEFFIELD OUTRAGE?.-. The act under which the inquiry at Sheffield is now taking place was passed on the 5th of April last, and it recites that it would be " to the advantage and satisfaction of the work- men and employers" if a searching inquiry was made at that town. Thu inquiry is limited to matters within ten~years, without the written sanction of the Secretary of State, obtained on tho written request of the chair- j man of the commission. The section as to ' indemnity to witnesses declares that any i witness under the act who in the opinion of the person or persons conducting the in- quiry "makes a full and true disclosure" i touching the matter on which he is examined, shall have a certificate, which is to bo a protec- tion against any civil or criminal proceeding. False evidence in an inquiry to be liable to the penalties of perjury. The expenses of the witnesses are to be allowed by the Treasury. ON Saturday last, the annual sale of the Hampton Court and Mamhead yearlings took place at Hampton Court. The prices fell far short of those paid at last year's sale, some of the wildest competitors on that occasion having been knocked out of time by the suc- cesses of Hermit and Hippia. Her Majesty's yearlings of course had precedence at the hammer. Brother to Cambuscan by New- minster, a chesnut, bought by Capt. Machell for Cbaph'n and Co., was the "top lot," fetching 1,000 guineas. Lord Hastings bought a bay filly by Stockwell for 750 guineas ; Captain Cooper, a chesnut colt by St. Alban's for 460 guineas ; and Colonel Price, a bay filly by Newminster for 400 guineas. The twenty-six lots fetched but 6,810 guineas, an average of nearly 262 guineas a piece. Mr. Ten Bioeck got the pick of Sir Lydston New- man's lot-the Duke of Edinburgh, by Stock- well, for 000 guineas. A bay colt by Tho Dupe was purchased by Captain Machell for a like sum ; and a bay filly by King Tom fetched 420 guineas. Sir Lydston Newman's twenty lots sold for 3,615 guineas-averaging but 180 guineas each. For the first time during the memory of turf men, Admiral Rous was absent from the Hampton Court sales, and " No credit given " was inscribed in front of Messrs. Tattersalls rostrum - ominous signs both. - Pall Mall Qa-jetle, Juno 3. A WINDFALL FOR THE VICEROY or EGYPT. The NU, of Alexandria observes :-" Every one is talking for the last few days about a treasure found in the province of Fayoam. The story goes that an old resident of tho provinco waited lately in a mysterious manner upon his Highness, and asked permission to make a search in the garden of an ancient Coptic convent, now abandoned, with the view of discovering a treasure which old manuscripts described as being buried in a cerfain spot. The Viceroy granted the neces- sary permission, allowing the applicant to letain a third of what he might discover. The researches commenced, and are said to have speedily brought to light a treasure consisting partly of ingots and partly of very ancient gold pieces rather larger than Napo- leons, of a total value represented as about fifty millions of francs. The discovery hav- ing been telegraphed to Ras-cl-Tin, the Vice- roy left to investigate the matter in person. Can it bo the cash-box of Amcnopolis XXXVII., which that monarch lost on a journey, according to inscriptions on tho obelisk of Luxor ?" A YEAR'S IRISII EMIGRATION.-Tho regis tiar-gcneral's return of tho emigration from Irish ports in the year 1800 shows that the number-of emigrants was 101,251, a decrease of 1,845 from the previous year's emigration. Tho emigration from the several provinces wns in tho following proportions :-In every 100, 37 wore from Munster, 26 from Ulster, 17 from Leinster, and 12 from Connaught, the rest not being distinguished. There were three males to every two females. 47 per cent. Ai-ent in March, April, or May. 30 per cent, cmbaikcd at Queenstown, 21 per cent, at Dublin, l8 per cent, at Belfast, nearly 10 per cent, from Londonderry and Moville. Of tho wholo number nearly 10 per cent, were under 10 years of ago ; 14 per cent, were between 10 and 20 ; 55 per cent, (moro than half) were between 20 and 30 ; 12 per cent, were between 30 and 40 ; 7 per cent, woro above 40 years of ago ; the rest were residents of other countries. 58 nor cent, of .the males were between 20 and 80 years of age, and 52 per cent, of tho females were between 15 and 25. MR. CHARLES KEAN.-Tiio attack with which this eminent actor was seized whilo fulfilling an engagement in Liverpool was as follows :-Ho had been acting in "LouisXL" on Tuesday evening, May 28, at tho Prince of Wales' Theatre. Soon after his return to his hotel that night ho had an attack of vomit- ing, accompanied with violent palpitation. Thcso symptoms, which continued moro or less for somo days, havo now almost ontiroly subsided. Mr. Kenn has for somo timo suffered from' derangement of the kidneys and it is probable that the present attack i owing to the condition of the latter, and no to any disease of the heart. Indeed, ther'oi no reason to believe there is nny cardia affection beyond a slight murmur, which i only heard M'hen tho heart's action is ver much accelerated. No abnormal conditioi lins been detected by any of the medical mci who have at different times examined him Mr. Kean, having rallied considerably, lia left for Buxton. He has been strongly ad vised by his medical friends to abstain fron all excitement, and to take entire rest fo some time.-Lancet. IT was noticed that while Napoleon ant Alexander embraced on parting, Napoleoi and William only shook hands. Since thei the rumour has become current in Paris tha the relations between the sovereigns o France and Prussia have become anytliins but cordial. This unfriendliness has been in creased by a recent interview between Na poleon and the Grand Duke of Baden. Tin Emperor expressed himself with some enera against the contemplated arrangement In M'hich the Prussian garrison at Luxemburf M-as to be sent to Rastadt, and expressee the hope that tho relations between the Grand Duke and the Kine of Prussk would not become so intimate as to ex cite the apprehensions of France. The Grand Duke, who, by the way, is son iii-law of King William, replied that it was impossible for bim to resist the pressure of public opinion in favour of an intimate union between the Duchy and Prussia, and that however desirous he might be to avoiel wounding the susceptibilities of France, he had neither the power nor, indr-ed, the will to prevent that union. This is rather a serious bloM- for France. The frontiers of Baden and France arc for a considerable distance coterminous, the Rhine being the common frontier. Standing on the bridge of boats at Kehl the travellei may have one foot in Ger- many and the other in France. The Berlin correspondent of the Indépendance Helge adds that the general belief in the Pras'ian capital is, that the relations between France aud Prussia are by no means satisfactorj'. THE MEXICAN EMPIRE.-The Memorial Diplomatique states that ' ' one of the Emperor Maximilian aides-de-camp, who has shown himself most devoted to his Roj-al master, arrived on Thursday in Paris. Neither that officer nor any of his brethren in arms liad emitted the Emperor Maximilian ; on the, contrary, it was the Emperor who quitted them. From information derived from this officer, who left Mexico on the 14th of April, all comniunicntion between the sea coast and the capital had been cut off soon after the de- parture of the French troops. The Emperor Maximilian bad detcvminately proceeded absolutely alone with the Mexican troop3, attended only by native officers, and without authorizing a single Austrian or other foreigner to accompany him. His absence is dated from March 13. . From that time all communication has been suspended, and no mtelÜKence has been procurable. Maxi- milian, influenced by Marquez, deter- mined to take the chances offered by a desperate icsistance, but he desired to be isolated in order to prevent a massacre of his countrymen in Mexico, and also to show that if he did take up arms it M-as as a true son of his new country. It is expected that in any case the person of the Emperor1 M-ould be respected, but the situation is ex-, tremcly critical for the 500 Europeans who are still in Mexico. The foreign regiment formed from the remnants of the Austrian Hussars and other volunteers which arrived, with Maximilian are not assured that their' lives will be held sacred. Moreover, theposi-j tion of tho3e devoted troops is deplorable, > and their misery great, those to whom six> months' pay is due having only received 10 do), instead of 230doL In the capital a com-, parative calm exists. No reliable intelligence concerning the Emperor Maximilian had been received since March 13. It was only known that he was behaving as a brave man should,. that ho bad devoted himself body and soul to the cause of Mexico, and for that he had abandoned all his friends and rao3t faithful 'servants; but.a painful solution is not un- booked for." ¡ 1 A ROMANCE or THE S E.V.-RETURN* OF A LOST, 'HUSBAND.- A singular and romantic inci- dent has occurred at Sunderland, on the re- turn of a man who for I'OUT j'uars had been given up, and in the meantime his wife had again married. It appears that upwards of; four years ago a seaman, named Fife, sailed' 'in a Sunderland ship, named the Sarahs, for, I Australia. Fife left behind him a wife, to! whom he had been married three j-ears, and ia child. On the vessel's arrival in Australia she was sold, and after that all trace was lost of Fife by his1 wife in Sunderland. 'After three yeurs' silence, during M'hich she mourned her husband as dead, Mrs. Fife was induced to listen to another suitor, and at the Whitsuntide of 18GG she married a sailor, with whom she has lived happily since, little, di earning that her first husband was alive and M-ould return to claim her. Butso it was. Fife, on his arrival in Australia, had gone to the diggings, where he remained, and, for ,some reason best known to himself, he had never communicated with his wife and child. From the diggings he returned to one of tho sea-ports, and had the command of a vessel which sailed fiom Australia to other ports.. In this trade he continucel for nearly threes j'cars, until he began to think of returning to England, and landed at Bristol last w-cek. ' Still keeping his arrival secret, he proceeded' to Sundeiland.'intending to, .surprise his M ¡fe,; and before visiting her he made some inqui-, lies of the police, to ascertain if she was still living. At one o'clock on Sunday morning last he knocked at the door of his father-in-' law, a bill-poster, named Scott, where his; M'ife M-as staying, and the surprise of his sudden appearance and unexpected return may easily be conceived. His wife at first doubted *he reality of the return, but soon M-as convinceel that he was in the flesh, and a scene of rejoicing followed. The long separated couple have again become united ; but the difficulty will be to meet the claims of the second husband. Foitunatelv, lie is from home, having sailed only n few dayspre viously on a voj'age to New York.-London Standard, April'30. THE DANGEHSOF WHALE-FI&HING.-Captain;« Malloy, of the barque .Osceola 3d, of this port, in a letter to the* agent, gives a graphic account of an encounter with a whale on tho 10th of December last. We quote as follows : \- "About 300 miles noith-west fiom St. Nicholas M'o saw whales close to the ship, lowered the boats as soon ns possible, and ' soon the second mate struck a largo whale. In a few minutes the third mate strnek and ' got stove. The whale then went to tho second mate and knocked the bottom out of his boat. The first mate then hi ought the third mate mid his crew to tho ship. I then sent him off to bring the second mate and his crow to the ship as quick as possible, as I saw the whale was intending mischief. In the meantime the whale was at work on the staiboard boat, and soon made a bad boat of her. After getting all hands on board, tho first and second mates, being anxious to try him again, went off", but didn't get a chance to kill bim. In fact, tboy lind as much as Ihcy could do to keep clear,of him ; and, see- ing that he was a dangerous customer, I called the boats on board.: ¡Not liking tno idea of being done by a. whale, I concluded to go at him with the-ship; got all ready, and made for him. Getting near he turned and carno for us, sti iking the ship on her port bow with his jaw, his head coining in con- tact with the cutwater, knocking it off, and tearing off considerable copper and sheath- ing. The shock he gave the ship was heavy, taking somo of the men off their feet, ana giving them a considerable fright. Hau tho whale struck the ship fair ha would havo gone through her as easily as a cat worn« though wet paper. About the timo ho strode I gave him a bomb, but did not kill bun ; so I M-cnt at him again. This timo ho did not seem to Uko the taste of the ship, and so got out of the M-ay as fast ns he could. As HO passed I gave bim another bomb and two lances ; but these failed lo kill him. Again I tried him, but he kept clear of us. It uçins late, I sent a boat off to make tho wreck ot the staiboard boat secure to tho line, to act ns a drag, and went after the waist boat, now five miles to tho leeward.' After getting hoi on board (it being then dark), .1 worked to the windward all night, and the next morn- ing saw him again with the wreck ot tno boat still fast- to bim. At 0.30, a.m., wo lowered two boats, well manned, ana wens at bim. After a hard tusscl wo got finn under the caro of friends, and toole min alongside. He was a very Inrgo whale-tno Jaigest, I think, I ever saw; but ho was very poor., I got 115 barrels out of him. Had I o been fat ho would havo mado luO barrels easy. His length was sixty-oight feet ; spread of (lukes, IG feet 2 inches: and longth oi jaw, IS feet four inches. I found, on cut- ting him in, that his jaw was badly, shat- tered by his raid on our bow.- I lost in tno fight one boat entire, with al her trap», except tho gun and line; in all twelveloais, one sail, paddles, buckots, tubs, &c.; -1'iora the New Bedford Mercury, May 4. ^ I'rlntcd lind published by noon GKOII ABOUB Offlco, Colltns-strcot, Molbourno, for Wiwo» and MACKINNON proprietors. 