KENT TOWN WESLEY AN JUBILEE CtLUUUtL It having bean feand necessary from the want of accommodation afforded by the present-Jubilee Cliurch at Kent Town to increase the site %y build ing the transept, arid thus completing the original design of the beifeting, the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the transept took place on Monday, October 7. At the hour appossled a very large number ef persons had gathered tegctlicr, and the proceedings having been opened with singing aud prayer, a bottle, preparatoiyto the stone being laid, was placed in a cavity beneath. Et contained copies of the l&zgis;'er aud AdeeHiesr of that day's date, the mir.aies of the last Aus.ralsdan Confe rence held at Lauuceston, the last numbers of the ITcsfoi'an X-t.ga.zine and Victor'.c.e Weslcyan dromicle, aid the current coins -ef the realm, besides the -following document:— ■" The foundation-stone of the transept was laid by Mrs. X G. Waterhouse on she 7ch day of October, -in the year of our Lord 4S(i7, being toe 30th year of the reign of Her Mo>t Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Domiriek Dalv being the Governor of the province; tlic ltev. H. H. Gaud Presideutcf the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist ■Conference^ the Itev. John Wats<erd being Chair- j man of the South Australian Bistr'.ct; Bevs. S. | Knight and J. Y. Simpson, Ministers of the 1'iiird ■ Adelaide <511:011; K. B. Gau't r.nd VV. 1,'hodes, Ksnrs., Circuit stewards; Messrs. Wright and Woods, Architects; C. Pitman. -contractor; and Messrs. iKicigsborougli. Rhodes. Clarke, Oolton, Billney, Watsford, li tlhmlyne, Gault, Goss, Pad :man, Shsr£»nd, and Tauley, Trustees.*' The ltev. S. Knight then iscid the following ■address'te -Mrs. T. G. Waterhouse, the lady who had consented to perform the earemoiij " Modus —The Trustees aud Committee of Kent Town Wcslevan Church, viewing the earnest and ■continuous iuterest that you have (in conjunction with our- estecmed Mr. Waterlieuse) ntanitested in dhc progress and development of tliis congrega tion, deem themselves under gilcasing obligation to show some mark of the'.r appreciation and esteem, (both of the private -virtues and public spirit, of whicli tiiey have recurved mauy tokens. They unitedly desire you to acoept the accompany ing trowel as a small expression of their respect and ahitrnon, -and pray that the rich benediction of God ;sray rest upon you end your household now and evermore.—With mgcli respect we arc, dear Mcdiui, yours faithfully, (signed for aud on behalf-of the Committee). " M. Bxingsbohough, " W.-Bhodls " Mr. iliiSGSBOBOUGH then came forward and presented tlie trowel—a veiy handsome silver one, liianufeswired by Mr. Wendt-co Mrs. Waterhouse. j It contained an inscription, as follows;—"The : Kent Town Weslcyan Churah, Adelaide, to our ; much -beloved aud munificent friend Mr-i. T. G. j Waterhouse, in commemoration of October 7th. 1 18B7." The recipient of the trowel then spread \- tlie mortar underneath the stone, which, having been lowered into its place, was declared "to be duly laiddn the name of the Ktr.her, Son, and Holy I Ghost." I The Iteo. J. G. Mill.ved unounted the stone, and delivered an address. He said although the structure they were about to near was to be used ! for a schoolroom, 3 ct its walls would really embrace ' tlie ptincjyai portion of the Church itself. Under i those circumstances, it seemed to him to be not : out of pk.ee i 1 considering what would be the I character of the building in wlit.h tlieir minds aud ! hearts niprlit lie afiected by syllable sentiments ■ : nd teclir.es. If tliey thought .of the important purposes fjr which that structure-was about to be : completed, on the sacred princi,i-re ot love to God and love toman, which he hoped and believed hail 1 proniptediits election, also of the infiuences it was destined to exert upon tiie sririts of men in i that neighbourhood for perhaps generations : to con e, and at the same time ol its I utter worthT-essiiess unless God Almighty deigned to sanctiomii with His smile, they must feel that : their present position ivas a very solemn one, and I one that should excite reverential awe, devout earnestness, .and believing prayer The public 1 sanctuary hail been an important appendage to the 1 Ciurch from the earliest period of the history of ! the woiId. Kings had rejoiced to take part iu its ! erection, and God Himself had libbll pleased to 1 sanction it !y His Visible presence as iu the ark of the ancicEt tabernacle and in til 2 sending of ; lire from heaven to consume the sacrifice, as at : the dedication Solomon's Temple, its glories | were set forth in divine songs; saints of all ages : rejoiced in its courts, and it was spoken of as the 1 place of God's .presence. As their £reat pulpit ■ < rator, William Morley Punshoii, saw! lately, in J , laying the founc ation-stone of a church iu the i suburus of London—" It would be a hall in- which i the lofiiest sounds would he raised; a palace in i which the King of Heaven would he like to hold ; His court; a hosskal in which the siek of all . storal and spiritual diseases would he healed by ! the balm of Gilead and the Physician of souls; and I ' sa asylum where men would be brought to their right mind- and placet at the feet of Jesus.*" So he . thought of tiiat, structure. That portion of it which : had been already used as a public sanctuary had | been the scene of inaey conversions, and it was j then occupied by a flourishing Church and a suc : easeful ministry. He trusted that that would be 1 the future characteristic of that building. He would ! say with the poet, in reference to the future— I " And when on /ion's height I he hosts of God appear. May thousand thousands reign in light ! Who found salvation here." Then, with reference to the purpose for which it was at present intended—as a schoolroom—as a section of Christ's Church they had always been anxious to provide proper religious training for j their own people; but a6 much z; they rejoiced to see secular schoolmasters abound, they had the profound cGtivictioti that no education was com plete if it was not permeated with the principles of j true religion. Therefore the Sunday-school was ! most important, where children were tanghtto fear the J.ord, which was the beginning of wisdom. He hoped they would all identify themselves with the movement, and give it their liberal sympathy and support. All that the Trustees had done was , entirely disinterested on their, part, and tliey there [ foie nailed assiKtj?n*»#» Pnr i-»^ I | foe needed assistance. For himself, lie heartily J wished them success. (Applause.) A number of the Sunday'-school children then came forward and placed offerings on the stone, . which, supplemented with other sums, amounted ] to £135. ^ ! The Kcv. S. Knight Ihen gave out tbe National I Anthem, which was sung with great spirit by the audience ami between 2Jfl and 3;fl children, and , the benediction having been pronounced, the ] ceremony* concluded. j A public and tea meeting, at both of which the cliuich was crowded, was subsequently held. The riutilic meetiug was piesitled over by Mx. Xxmg bottom, who opened the proceedings by (i fcivappro priateremaiks. Mr..M.lxingsboroug!i,tlieTreaxurer, stated that i hey had accepted a tender for the 1 transept, to be completed within six months, at £I,5tk>. The total liabilities amounted to £2,888, , towards which they could rely upon receiving about £1,113. Excellent addresses were then de livered by the Eevs. A. Bigg on " The Millennium,"' and J. "W atsfurd on " Earnestness and its results." ami Mr. J. Gallon, M.P., on " The effect of archi tecture on the Church." An appeal was made to the congregation during the evening for contribu tions in aid of the funds, and the total amount realized, including collections on Sunday, proceeds i of tea. and public meeting, with tlic afternoon offering*, was found to be about £220. Tlic meet- { ing, which had been enlivcne 1 with music by the J choir, terminated after the usual votes of thanks , had been passed. I 