THE PROTESTANT CONFESSIONAL. The other day, we read in the papers the re port of a boy playing at Jack Shepherd, and ac cidentally shooting his playmate. The boy could not thoroughly enter into the character, nor did he understand the nature of the weapon he was playing with. In one sense, his play turned out a reality — he killed his schoolfellow, not through malice but through sheer ignorance of the weapon he was using. Dr. Pusey and his imitators or disciples — call them what you will — have been lately playing at hearing confessions, and the British public have ? ?'?'.. objected to these practices. The Times, the Pall Mali Gazct'e, and other papers have taken up the Protestant cause against the learned Don of Oxford and his pupiis. They tell him that con fessions is un-English and unauthorised by the English Church, and 'they protest against such an assumption of priestly authority. We have already adverted to tne controversy in question but as it has continued ever since, and is still going on, we cannot ignore it as one of the sub jects of the day. To Catholics who are outside the ring, it is rather amusing to see these Protestants lighting one against the other. We are amused by the assumption, by some, of priestly power and the indignant protests of Proicst- ants against those \ assumptions. And perhaps the most amusing thing of all is to witness the wonderful ignorance in the professed Catholic of the Established Church of which is really and truly Catholic. .. When this ignorance exists in their head and chief, can we be surprised at its existence iu his followers ? This authorative man tells us that le is perfectly at rest about the crood men whom. he has known and loved, and who have used confession. Then he says that confession is necessary. He tells us too, that Nathan absolved David, when he said : ' The Lord hath put away thy sin.' But when he, the English Ca tholic, tells us what the Roman Church does, it -*''?? is difficult to make a choice between contempt and indignation. Here is a man who professes ? to know all about the Roman Church and its teaching, and who thinks himself quite capable of teaching Roman Catholics. ?- And this teacher in Oxford gravely tells us that 'The .Roman Church also has forms of absolution in the Breviary and the Missal, corresponding to ours in the morning and evening prayer, and the Communion Service. Ours, however, differs from theirs, in that it is not amutual prayer, as in the Roman service, but is directed to be pronounced by the priest alone.' Now, either Dr. Pusey knows nothing of the Catholic doctrine and practice, or he is wilfully misrepresenting it. There is no form of absolution in either Breviarv or Missal. The prayer that follows the Qonfiteor — 'May the Almighty and merciful God give us pardon, absolution, and remission of all our sins' — is not a 'form of absolution,' but a prayer that every ,-;- child is taught to utter. What is the Protestant form of absolution ? It is but a vain repetition of the words pronounced by the Catholic Priest in the Sacred Tribunal of Confession. Let us see what is the difference between the Catholic and Protestant form of absolution. Yes ! there really is, it is not a Protestant form, but a form in the Protestant Prayer book, and it is to be found in the service for the Visitation of the Sick. ' Here shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins — after which the priest' (that means the parson) ' shall absolve him after this sort : — ' Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in him. of his great mercy . forgive thee thine offences : — ' Protestant. —And by his authority com- ? ?? . mitted to me I absolve thee from thy sins ; in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Catholic. — May Jesus Christ Our Lord ab solve thee ; and I by his authority absolve thee from all excommunication and interdict, so far as thou needest it and I can give it. I absolve thee from thy sins ; in the name of the Tabher, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.'.' The man who can assert that the Catholic form is less authoritative than the Protestant; evidently knows nothing of Catholicity or sedu lously conceals his knowledge. And, now, as to his practice in the confes sional. One writer in the limes tells us that the Puseyite examens of conscience are fright ful and cannot but tend to disseminate the knowledge of evil ; and a practical case in which the head of that sect was, according , to. English notions, the offending party, has lately beefa. put prominently forward. It is thus described in one of S. G. O's letters to the Times.' ' A young lady, some years since, came under the influence of a director or confessor of the Church of England. He obtained a complete ascendancy over her. She, before him, took a. vow of celibacy for two year3, unknown, to her parents An offer of marriage was made to her, with their approval. There was no question of her marrying until after the time of her vow; should have expired, but even then she had^ scruples unless her director would give his sane-; tion ; this, even when solicited by her parents^ he refused t» do. The result was she romained single, died so, and the gentleman who wished to marry her joined the Roman Catholic Church. This same director, in another case, took an oath of celibacy from a young lady ; he afterwards absolved her, and she married a clergyman. ; ' I cannot doubt, with the evidence I have be fore me, that in the first of the three cases, i£ not in all the others, he — Dr. Pusey — was tha confessor or director who acted as I have descri bed. If it is so, I am obliged to add my c&kt; viction that in his large experience and practice as confessor and direotor he has, again and again, been the means of so bringing young persons in subjection to his will arid teaching that they have concealed, with the sanction of a priest, much that, according to God's plain law of duty to their parents, they ought to have made known to them.' ? ? ' Dr. Pusey last year sent a queer kind of olte ?=====-- ? — branch in the shape of an 'Eirenicon' to the : Catholic Church. He will now have to ro;ikc hia peace with the Protestant Establishment ; for he has aroused the tender sensibilities of \- --' John Bull, and' he must turn from his work of '''.'? ? proving that the Catholic Church is idolatrous ': ' '? to the equally difficult task of proving that the ?'; .- Protestant Establishment is Catholic— London ' ^;,\ v Universe. 