CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONFERENCE. The Conference of the Church of England commenced its sittings on the afternoon of Sep- <*> tember 4, in St. John's Schoolroom. The members of the Conference assembled in the morniDg at St. John's Church, when morn ing prayer was read by the Rev. J. Bli3s and the Her. T. Jones. The communion service was then celebrated by the Right Rev. the Bishop, assisted by the Venerable Archdeacon Qiennie. The Conference met in St. John's School room at 3 p.m. All the clergy of the diocese, with the exception of the Rev. C. Searle, Rock hampton, were present. A large proportion of the lay delegates also answered to their names when called over by Archdeacon Glennie. The following are the names of those present: —His Honor Chief Justice Cockle, His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, Colonel O'Connell, and Messrs. Coxen, Uhr, Lord, Brown, Gibbon, Faircloth, Darvall, Dudgeon, Douglas, Suter, Jones, Groom, Boyee, Morey, Clarke, Hallo ran, Tully, and Sparrow. The above gentlemen took the oath that they were hona fide commu nicants of the Church of England. At the request of the Bishop, the Rev. J. Bliss consented to act as Secretary to the Con ference. It was not considered necessary to appoint a secretary from among the laity until the Synod commenced to sit. The Bishop etated that Mr. W. L. G. Drew, who was returned for Toowong, was absent from illness, and had requested that Mr. W. H. Wilson might be allowed to supply his place. It would be for the Conference to decide whether Mr. Wilson should be allowed to sit; but if he did, it would be better for him not to vote. It was decided that no one could sit in the Conference who had not been duly elected. The Bishop then read the following ad dress:— My Rkvbkehd Bbethbbn axd Bbethbbn or the Laity,—lt is a cause to me of deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of all good, that I have been permitted to invite you to this Conference, the result of which will, I trust, lead by the Divine blessing to an adoption of some well-considered form of synodical action; and I cannot help expressing the satisfaction which I feel that so many of the clergy of my diocese have been able to accept the invitation I addressed to them, and that with so very few exceptions the different congregations of the diocese are represented by the presence of lay delegates amongst us. In inviting you to this Conference, I have acted upon that which I believe to be the authority inherent in my office; and in making preliminary arrangements for the convening of this Conference, I have fol lowed the course which I believe to have been almost universally, if not indeed universally, adopted in other dioceses upon similar occa sions. I have ' invited every adult male lay member of the Church to take a part in the election of those who might represent them at the Con ference ; and I have required that those who hare been elected as representatives should, before taking a seat in our Conference, subscribe a declaration to the effect that they are hona fide communicant members. I have heard, indeed, that upon one or two occasions excep tion has been taken to the course which I have thought it necessary to pursue; and, I believe, it has by some been considered that every con gregation should have been left to determine in wfiat way its representatives should be elected, and that no subscription should have been re quired from those who are elected as represent tatives that they are bona fide communicant members of the communion they are presumed to represent. I cannot but think, my brethren, that if I had so acted I should have been for getful of the authority which I believe to be inherent in my office, of the constitution of the Church, and the nature of Church membership —for what, my brethren, is the Chuch ?Itis no accidental gathering of individual believers, but it is a corporate body, endowed by its Divine Head with specific powers for the fulfilment of a specific purpose ; it is, the apostle tells us, the body of Christ, the fulness of Him that filleth all in aIL And what, my brethren, is the test ofourChurchmembership, but that we gladly re ceiving the word and being baptized, con tinue stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers. I have, then, invited you, my brethren, to this Conference in order that we may take counsel together as to whether we consider that the time has arrived for the adoption of some form of synodical action, and if so, what form we should desire to adopt — whether, by legislative enactment, or consensual compact; and I need scarcely remind you that in any action that we may take,* in order for that action to be effectual, it will be neces sary that it should have the concurrent assent of the three estates—the bishop, clergy, and laity. And here, my brethren, you will per haps excuseme if, adopting the spirit, if not the exact words, of the present Metropolitan Bishop of Canada, I occupy a little of your time in some explanations respecting the institution and meaning of a Diocesan Synod, and respecting the true position of a bishop in his diocese. I will not trouble you with too minute details, bat will first refer to the scriptural character of the power of the bishops, such as Timothy and Titus, who were placed by the apostles over the Churches to " set in order the things that were wanting," and provide a suitable organisa tion at the commencement, and before any other means were provided for the collecting together the members and the organising of the body. On this head I will read a short extract from Bish&p; Hall, one of those prelates who in our Church stands among the highest for piety and learning. In his book, which is a standard work on this subject, he defines episcopacy thu?: —" An eminent order of sacred function, appointed by the Holy Ghost in the Evangeli cal Church, for the governing and exercising thereof; and, for that purpose, besides the ad ministration of the word and sacraments, en dued with power of imposition of hands and perpetuity of jurisdiction." And then he goes on to say : —" It is acknowledged by the Pres byterians that there is ascertain polity necessary for the retention of the Church's pesce. That the pastors should meet together in classes and synods. That in synods thus assembled there must be due order kept. That order cannot be kept where there is an absolute equality of all persons concerned. That it is therefore neces sary that there should be a head, president, or governor of the assembly, who, when the busi ness is ended, returns to his own place withdut any personal inequality. They, the Presby terians, can be content that there should be a prime Presbyter, and that he shall moderate, for a time, the public affairs of the Church, but without all innate and fixed superiority, without all (though never so moderate) jurisdiction. The Bishop, whom we contend for, is ordained a perpetual moderator in Church affairs in a fixed imparity, exercising spiritual jurisdiction out of his own demandated authority. Barrow, my brethren, in his great work on the supre macy of the Pope, takes up the argument of the Diocesan Episcopacy, in order to urge it against the usurpations of the Pope. He says, and his work is the standard one on this subject, which never has been answered by our opponents^md probably never will be: —" At first each Church was settled apart under its own Bishop and Presbyters, so as independently and separately to manage lls own concerns ; each was governed by its own head, and had its own laws. Every bishop, as a prince in his own church, did act freely according to his will and discretion, with the advice of an ecclesiastical senate, and with the consent of his people (the which he did use to consult) without being controllable by any other, or accountable to any, further than his obligation to uphold the verity of Christian profession, and to maintain fraternal commu nion in charity and peace with the neighboring Churches did require." That, my- brethren, was the position in which the original bishops were placed in their dioceses; they were to rule and govern them, and carry on the work of the Church within them. As necessity required they called in the assistance of the presbyters and people to aid them with their counsel, and that is the position in which we are now placed. It is as Bishop of this diocese that I call on you, the presbyters and laity, to come forward and concur with me in the great work of adminis tering this diocese, in organizing a system, and giving effect to it when organized. I ask you to uphold my hands in the responsible and arduous task laid on me. The above extracts from the well-known works of Bishop Hall and Dr. Barrow, will enable you to understand me when I say, that for any course of action which, after due deliberation, we may determine to adopt, to be effectual, it must have the concur rent assent of the three estates—the bishop, clergy and laity. Neither estate desires to claim any superiority over^or independence of the other. As Bishop of this diocese, I desire to organize and administer the diocese, in and through the wisdom and authority of the Synod. The Bishop cannot act without the consent of the clergy and laity; the clergy without the consent of laity and bishop ; the laity without the consent of bishop and clergy. In constituting a Synod you, my brethren, are not giving his jurisdiction to the bishop. We do not ask you to create him, but to share with j him a power already his. And now, my brethren, having spoken of the institution and meaning of a Diocesan Synod, and the true posi tion of a bishop in his diocese, I would desire to say a few words to you with regard to the present position of the colonial Church and its connection with the Church of the mother country. In lately revisiting my native land I could not but be struck with the yearning desire which I found on every side to be exhibited for the reunion of Christendom, for the healing of the body in the breaches of Christ, now by schism and division so rudely torn asunder. But if we dare not expect to be permitted to behold in I our own day that reunion of Christendom for which we should never cease to pray, let us, my brethren, take careful heed lest by any hasty or precipitate action of our own we mar the fixity of our own widely spreading branch of the pure and reformed Catholic Church of Christ. If we cannot arrive at such a consent of Christendom, yet we can hope that the establishment of Dio cesan and Provincial Synods in the colonies and dependencies of the British Empire may be steps towards enabling our own widely spreading branch of the pure and reformed Catholic Church of Christ to speak before long with the full voice of her collective body. A step —and, in my judgment, a very important step —was lately taken in this di rection, when our venerable Primate lately in vited the bishops of those branches of the Catholic Church of Christ which are in visible union and communion with the United Church of England and Ireland to the Conferenso which, under his Grace's presidency, is about to be holden in the course of the present month at Lambeth. At that Conference the present con dition of the Colonial Church and its connection with the Church of tie mother-country will, I doubt not, be carefully and prayerfully con sidered, and one serious question which we may expect will occupy the attention of the con ference is how at once to secure the general unity of our now widely-spreading branch of the Catholic Church of Christ with the necessary independent government of the several branches in all matters of local detail and internal disci pline ; remembering that the Church of England, for upwards of two. hundred years after the Reformation, was confined almost entirely within the four seas that surrounded the British Isles, whilst its wonderful progress within the last half-century, or something more, including the transatlantic branch in the United States, has almost equalled in magnitude the-growth* of the Church in the Apostolic age. I shall purposely refrain, my brethren, from entering at any length upon the consideration of this question, because I think it is our wis dom to await the result of those deliberations, and trust to profit by the wisdom and experi ence of those who will be assembled at that Conference. This much^my brethren, I would desire to"say, in considering the relation of the Church of the mother country to the Church in ■ the colonies, it will be necessary for us carefully to distinguish between what are the essentials and what the accidents of the Church. The Church at home is at once national and catholic —the Church in the colonies is catholic but not national. .Catholicity is of the essence of the Church—its nationality or establishment is an accident. The Church at home is a part and parcel of the British con stitution —in the colonies it is a voluntary as sociation ; as such it desires to be regarded, and claims to be in no better or worse position than any other religions denomination ; and if the Presbyterian, or Wesleyan, or any other religious body are able, without legisla tive enactment, to organise themselves, I can see no reason why, if after mature consideration such a course is con sidered to be the most expedient, the Church is not able to do likewise. \- The first question, then, my brethren, which I should desire to submit for your consideration is whether in your judgment the time has arrived when it will be desirable for us to enter upon some form of synodical action ; and if this is decided by you in the affirmative, then what form of synodical action you would desire to adopt. Whether it should be by Legislative enactment or consensual compact. Different forms of synodical action have, as you are aware, been already adopted in several of the Australian dioceses. It will be for the Con ference to decide which, if any, of those forms' they desire to adopt. I shall be ready, my brethren, to accept whichever the Conference may desire. Whilst as at present advised I have no hesitation in saying that I think it would be desirable to adopt a form of consensual compact, with an application to the Legislature, if subsequent experience should prove it to be desirable, for some simple enactment which, - with due regard to vested interests and. specific trusts, may enable the Synod to deal with the temporalities of the Church. I have already, my brethren, claimed your attention for a somewhat longer time then I had in tended, but before I bring this address to a close it may be desirable that I should briefly refer to some of the many important questions which would claim the attention of the Synod. First, then, I would say, in the colonies we are a voluntary association, and it will be necessary for us to adopt a constitution. Upon wbat then, I would ask, should that constitution be based but upon God's written Word and the Prayer Book, the best interpreter of the Bible ? In reverently acknowledging that sacred volume which we receive not as being the word of man, but as it is in very deed the Word of G od, we would earnestly contend for the faith once de livered to the saints. Having adapted a con stitution, the Church being in itself an expand ing body, it would be for the Synod to make arrangements for increasing the number of her ministering servants, who may occupy new openings in the vast mission field, and supply the place of those of us who from being laborers in the field are called in the evening into the presence of that Lord who sends us into the vineyard ; the sustentation of the clergy ; the organisation and subdivision of parishes ; the appointment of clergy; the consecration of churches and ceme teries ; the education of the young ; the supply of the occasional offices of the church, such as ! marriages and burials; the adoption of some | model trust deed ; or the appointment of a 1 board, who, subject to the control of the gene ral Synod and to the terms of any specific trust, might stand possessed of lands and moneys either granted by the Crown or given j by individual members for the use and benefit ; of the Church; the education of the children j of the clergy, and some provision for those ! who, through infirmity or age, are no longer ! able to fulfil the active duties of the ministry I I here; and many other equally important sub- ! 1 jects would claim the attention of the Synod, j | As the chief pastor of the whole diocese, to the i J bishop is entrusted the ordination of ministers ! ■ who may be associated with him in the ministry | of the Word and Sacrament; the confirmation i of the young; and the dedication by a special j i service to Almighty God of buildings, separated ■ from all ordinary and profane uses, and spe- > i cially devoted to His service. It is thus, my | j brethren, that I have ever considered that I I the appointments of the clergy to assist him in ; ministering to the different congregations was i inherent in the office of the chief pastor of a diocese. Gladly shall I divest myself in some ; measure of this great responsibility, and readily : . shall I concur in any carefully considered mea- I sure by which the members of the different con -1 gregations may have a raise in the appointment ! of the clergy ;*and now, my brethren, may God, ! in His great mercy, be with us in these our ! deliberations; and may He, for Christ's sake, | enable us to do that which shall be most con : ducive to the increase of piety and the further ance of true religion amongst us. I The Bishop said he had proposed «s soon as the Conference, which he declared opened, had met to nave delivered his address, and then to have adjourned until 4 p.m., but it had been | thought better not to sit until 3 pm. It ! rested with the Conference to say whether they were prepared to enter upon any discussion. If they were, the subject which he proposed was, " Whether you think the time has arrived for the establishment of some system of synodi cal action ?" He did not think the discussion of that question would occupy much time; and if carried in the affirmative, he would propose, next, " What form of Synodical action do you propose to adopt ?" That was not so easily settled. Mr. Justice Lutwyche said he thought the time had arrived for taking Synodical action of i some kind. He considered that every member ! present, whether clergy or laity, must have fully considered the question, and must be in a condition to say aye or no on the subject. He, therefore, proposed,—" That, in the opinion of this Conference, the time has come for the adoption of some form of synodical action." Mr. Coxen said he was very glad to second the motion. It must be evident to all that the time had arrived for taking Synodical action. The motion was put and passed. The Bishop said that unless they wished to adjourn, the next question for consideration was, —" What form of Synod it was desirable to | adopt." After a little discussion they would be able to see whether the Conference as a whole could come to a conclusion on that point, or whether it would be better to appoint a small sub-committee to consider it together and then report upon it. Mr.- Dabvall moved —" That the addives of the Bishop be printed and circulated among members of the Sxnod, but that in the mean time we go on with the question submitted to us for consideration." The resolution was seconded and. carried without opposition. Mr. Da&vall; said it would be necessary -to decide on the manner of voting. If the votes were taken all round from man to man, it was evident that the clergy would be in a minority. He would propose that the voting be separate— the laity voting as one body; the clergy sepa rately as another; and the Bishop as the third body. The voting should be by order. He would move, " That in this Conference the Bishop, clergy, and laity vote separately, as separate bodies." The Rev. E. G. Mobbbly seconded the mo tion. Mr. Gboox would like to know what Mr. Darvall meant by the Bishop voting. On look ing over the proceedings of the Sydney Synod, he noticed that the Bishop did not vote. The Bishop said that the general course was for a Bishop to abstain from voting, but the action of the two bodies—the clergy and the laity—would not take effect without the Bishop's His own feeling was that whenever the two orders —clergy and, laity — voting separately, agreed on any point, it must be some matter involving a principle of great importance that would prevent a Bishop from assenting. He thought it would be bettor for him not to YOte generally, bat merely to hare the power of refusing his assent, in case any principle was at stake —such as if they wanted to alter the Prayer-book or the authorised ver sion of the New Testament. He would assent to any measure carried by the clergy and laity, voting as separate orders, unless some matter of vital principle was concerned. Mr. Dabvall said he still considered the Bishop was entitled to rote, bat whether he chose to exercise his right or not was for him to decide. The Bishop said the position they occupied was very like that of the Legislature at home. The two Houses of Parliament deliberated, and the Queen had the power of assenting to their measures. Mr. Gibbon considered the Bishop should decide, in ease the clergy and laity could not agree on any question. Mr. Justice Lutwyche said it appeared that Mr. Gibbon was under the impression that the consent of two of the orders would carry . any measure. He, however, apprehended that in a Syncd the* essential fundamental rule was, that no measure should pass unless agreed to by the three different orders. , The Bishop said the concurrent action of the three orders was necessary. The Bishop gene rally signified his assent to a measure just as the Sovereign, or the representative of the Sovereign gave his to measures passed by Parliament. Mr. Dudq-eon said he' would like to, know whether the Bishop had the power to veto the proceedings of the Conference ? The Bishop said it would be better to omit the word " veto." He only claimed for himself that which he claimed for the clergy and laity. The use of the word " veto" was calculated to mislead people. Mr. Dudgeon said that, some fifteen years ago, the Lord Bishop of Sydney was desirous of establishing some form of Conference in New South Wales ; but as he claimed the power of veto over all the questions brought before the Synod, the clergy and laity would not agree, and the Conference lapsed until a few years ago, when the Bishop gave up his claim to the power of veto. After some further discussion, Mr. Daevaix's motion was put and carried unanimously. Colonel O'Cokjtell said he was desirous of directing the attention of the Conference to the advisability of getting some information respect ing the constitutions obtaining in the Churches in the neighboring colonies. He was told that in New Zealand the government of the Church was by compact, but in New South Wales and Victoria by Legislative enactment. A committee might be appointed to obtain those acts, and other documents relating to those matters, and draw up a report which could be submitted to the Conference next day. It would also be de sirable to ascertain the mode of - voting adopted in the Synods of the other colonies. He would, therefore, move " That the following gentlemen be appointed a committee to examine and report, to-morrow, to this Conference, the system of Church Government existing in the other colonies of Australia, viz.,—The Right Rev. the Bishop, the Venerable Arch deacon Glennie, the Rev. J. Bliss, the Rev. J. Matthews, and Messrs. Douglas, Ramsay, and Darvall." * The Bishop said he had got the Sydney con stitution, but not the Adelaide one. In Adelaide the consensual compact was in existence. In New South Wales the Churoh assemblies were recognised by the Legislature, and in Victoria they were also sanctioned by the Legislature. In Western Australia there was, he thought, no Synod, as that was a Crown colony. In Tas mania the Synod was by consensual compact. The committee might consider whether it was desirable to adopt the consensual or legislative j form of Synod. | The Rev. R. Moffatt seconded the motion, | which was carried. Mr. Douglas gave notice of his intention to move next day, " that it is not desirable to apply to the Legislature to render legal any of ! the synodical proceedings." Mr. Justice Lutwyche said that as he under | stood that it was not necessary to give notice of motion, he considered it was competent for any i member of the Conference to bring forward a ; substantive resolution, a point whi^h would j advance their deliberations. Every gentleman I present, both clergy and laity, had no doubt | turned over in his own mind the advantages or disadvantages of a Synod established by volun tary compact, or of one founded on Legislative i enactments. He deemed discussion unnecessary. I He had made up his own mind long ago, and in i accordance with the conclusions to which he I had arrived, he would move, " that in the opin ion of this Conference, the Synod to be here after convened shall be founded on the basis of voluntary compact, and not oh Legislative en ; actment." ; Chief Justice Cockle concurred in the : opinion expressed by Mr. Justice Lutwyche. The Rev. J. Matthews moved " that the Conference do now adjourn until 10 a.m. to morrow." Tho Rev. A. Moffatt seconded the resolu tion, which after some discussion was put and passed. The Bishop then pronounced the benediction, after which the Conference adjourned. Thubbbay, Sbptbmebb 5. There was a large attendance of the clergy and lay representatives. The Bishop read the report brought up by the committee on the previous day, to examine the systems of Church government existing in -the other colonies of Australia:— " The Committee, appointed by the Conference to examine and report on the systems of Church Q-overnment existing in the other colonies of Australasia, having inquired into the various' matters referred to them by the Conference, so far as the limited time at their disposal would allow them to do, desire to report that — " The system of Church Government at pre sent existing in the colony of New South Wales would appear to be diocesan and provincial Synods ba*ed upon Legislative sanction, so far as regards the temporalities of the Church, and embodying a recognition of the Church Consti tution as adopted by the general Conference of the Bishops, and clerical and lay representatives of the several dioceses within the colony. "In Victoria the system existing appears to be a Church Assembly, based upon Legislative enactment, and providing for the regulation of the »flairs of the said Church. "In South Australia the system of Church Government would appear to be based upon consensual compact, their endeavor to obtain on Act of Incorporation, hating hitherto been re fused by the Legislature. " In Tasmania the system of Church Govern ment would appear to be a Synod, based upon Legislative enactment. " In New Zealand the system of Church Go vernment would appear to be a general and diocesan Synod, based upon voluntary compact, but aided by a short temporalities enactment. " The Committee, having discharged the duties which they have been called upon to perform, would only, in conclusion, desire to point out that each of the Australasian colonies would appear to have found it necessary to apply to the Legislature for some enactment affecting the the temporalities of the Church, and, in some oases, the constitution of the Synod. " E. W. Brisbane, Chairman. " Benj. Glbnnib. " Jambs Matthews. " Robbbt Ramsay. " F. O. Dabvaia. " J. DOUGLAS." VALIDITY 07 ILECTIOH OP DBLKGATBS. ■ The Bev. T. Jokes said he had been requested by Mr. H. Scott to present a protest against the validity of the election of the delegates for the Wickham Terrace Church. Although he com plied with the request, he did not wish to be considered as identifying himself in any way with the contents of the protest. If the Conference considered he was out of order in bringing forward the protest he should b.e very glad to withdraw it, but as such a feeling did appear to exist in the Church re ferred to, he thought the reception of the pro test would be one way of representing mino rities. After some discussion, the protest was received and laid upon the table. The Bishop announced that he had received a letter containing the resignation of Mr. F. O. Darvall, as a member of the Conference. Mr. Justice Ltjtwychb moved that the de bute -on his motion—" that, in the opinion of this Conference, the Synod to be hereafter con vened shall be founded on the basis of volun tary compact, and not on legislative enact ment"—be resumed. He had not intended to have addressed the Conference farther on the subject, but to have merely claimed the privi lege of reply if necessary; but several members had expressed a wish that he should give his reasons for coming to the conclusion to which he had arrived on the subject. He would there fore briefly state the reasons which had led him to conclude that it would be better to establish the Synod on voluntary compact than on legis lative enactment. In the first place, he would deal with the negative part of the question— that it was not desirable to proceed by legisla tive enactments. It was now very nearly forty years since he, with other young men of his own standing, had come to the conclusion that it was desirable, if possible, to sever, the union between Church and State. Every year that conclusion had grown on his mind ; and he considered that wherever it was possible to form a Church without the assistance of the State, it should be done. The evils which arose from the connection of Church and State were enormous. He would allude to one in particular—the standing snare of the Church of England—the lay patronage family liv ings. How so much learning and piety could have grown up upon such a state of things was truly too difficult for human understanding to comprehend; but, nevertheless, he considered that the great blot on the constitution of the i Church of England. God be thanked, nothing of the kind existed out here at present, and he trusted never would exist. There were many other evils, on which he need not dilate, as they must be patent in the minds of the clergy, whom they principally affected. But there was another evil to which he would allude. Every person in England was supposed or presumed to be a member of the Church of England, if he did not belong to any other religious deno mination. What was the result ? They were taunted with all kinds of evil practices, because persons who really never entered a church in their lives were supposed to be members of the Church of England. If, however, they came together as members of a voluntary association, and recorded their membership in the books of the Church they frequented, they would have an easy way of ascertaining who were members of the Church, and who were not. He, therefore, thought that it was desirable that the Synod should be established on the basis of Voluntary compact, and not on any legislative enactment. He would wish every member of the Conference who was halt ing between two opinions to remember that what the State could give the State could take away. He would request members to consider that they would not be precluded from asking, if necessary, for a legislature enactment by agreeing now to establish the Synod on a basis, of voluntary compact. He thought the less they had to do with the State the better, but if experience hereafter showed that it was de sirable to procure the assistance of the State, they could apply for it. He trusted that they would be able to do without it, for it ought to be remembered that it was very easy to put one's head into the lion's mouth, but not so easy to draw it back again. Archdeacon Glknnie said he wished to make a few remarks before the motion was put. He concurred in all the objections which Mr. Jus tice Lutwyche had laid before the meeting in such a very lucid manner respecting the union of Church and State in England. He was not going to speak on the- other side of the ques tion, but he had very strong reasons' why he would be sorry in the extreme to see the day when the connection between Church and State in England would be severed. He felt sure he was only speaking the minds of all his brother clergymen when he alluded to the great losses which they sustained in this colony, not from being unconnected with the State—because he was not in favor of union between Church and State out here—but from other causes. There were in the old country a large nuttber of clergymen who wasted the ample means which were placed at their dis posal, and which were intended to give them the means to study, in order to prepare them selves to be the champions of the Church in all times. It was deeply to be deplored that the weakness of human nature should lead any at home to neglect those means placed at their dis posal. On the other hand, he did not know any country outßide of England where they could find a very large body of deeply learned clergy. That was one great loss felt all over the world in the colonial-Church, in speaking of that Church he referred to the Church in the United States- of America as well as to their own colonial Churches. He was in Bris bane two months ago, and had fall notice of me very important business that would be brought before the Conference, but from that time to within a week ago he had to perform more than a usual amount of work in preparing children for confirmation, and had literally had no time whatever to prepare himself for the Conference. He knew his own was not a soli tary case—the clergy had not time to devote themselves to those studies which ought to pre pare them to come to a meeting like the present. He quite agreed with Mr. Justice Lutwyche that the Synod should be formed on voluntary compact. His Honor had alluded to one question which he would also like to say a few words on. After the Synod was formed and began to work, it might be found necessary to apply to the Legislature in a very simple way, to recognise them as ft body, and for the pur pose of securing-their landed property. He would very warmly second the motion which ■fead been brought forward. Mr. Groom would like to know even if the constitution of the Church agreed to by the Synod 'should be on the voluntary compact, whether it would not be necessary afterwards to apply to the Legislature for a' short Act. He held in his hand an Act passed by the Parlia ment of New South Wales to enable the mem bers of the United Church of England and Ireland in that colony to manage the property of the said Church. The preamble was to the following effect:—" Whereas, at a general Con ference of Bishop, clergy, and lay representa tives of the existing dioceses'of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales, convened, and held in the city of Sydney in the month of April, 1866, certain articles and pro visions were agreed to and accepted as constitu tions for the management and good government of the said Church. And whereas such agree ment cannot, as regard* the management of the property of the said Church, be carried into effect without the aid of the Legislature in manner hereinafter provided. The first clause of the same act provided that " the several articles and provisions contained in the* said constitutions, and any rules aad ordinances to be made under,* by virtue, or in pursuance thereof, are and shall, for all purposes connected with, or in any way, relating to the property of the said United Church of England and Ireland within the colony of New Bouth Walts, be binding upon the members of the said Church." He thought it very desirable to know, whether in the event of the Synod being formed upon voluntary compact, it would be necessary to apply to the Legislature for a short act, making the constitutions binding upon every member of the Church of England in the colony of Queensland. Mr. Justice Ltjtwyche said his unhesitating opinion was that it would not be necessary. If other religious bodies were enabled as associa tions to carry on their affairs without inter ference from the Legislature, he saw no reason why, in their own case, they should be com pelled to apply for assistance to the Legislature. Their Synod would act like other voluntary bodies. Those who would co-operate with them would be members of the Church, and those who would not they would expel. Mr. B. Ramsay said he was quite willing to support the resolution, but at the same time was of opinion that sooner or later it would be necessary to apply to the Legislature for ex tended powers. He believed he was correct in saying that in three ol the Australian colonies it had been found it was necessary to adopt such a course, and he thought it extremely unlikely that they would be able to dispense with that which older colonies found they could not do without. The Rev. J. Bliss said it appeared to him very much as if they were assembled by reason of events which had lately taken place. Some few years ago very few of them considered that the Church here was anything but a branch of the Church at home, and in a. similar con dition. Thanks, however, to the Bishop of Cape Town, their eyes were opened, and he thought they were all indebted to that Bishop for the manful exertion which he had made in the colonial Church. Some of the mem bers of the Sydney Conference were of opinion that the Synod should be based entirely upon legal enactments, but various of the terms had to be altered to suit those' who differed widely from that opinion. The Bishoy of Sydney had to mould the bill in such "a way as to embrace the diocese of Newcastle, which differed with him widely on that fundamental principle. When two such opposite principles were blended together, it was rather difficult to see how they could be'made lasting or binding, tfith regard to what had been said of the neces sity of applying to Government for some form of enactment, or as the Bishop of Newcastle termed it, some *i legal legislative enactment," there was much to be said, the same Bishop made the following remarks— " It appears then there are strong objections to C4 and C3, and that Cl fails in the case of Church property being derived from public grants. Therefore, of the four modes which have been explained and discussed: — " Cl. That is—consensual compact, with legal recognition, like the Wesleyans in Eng land. "02. That is—consensual compact, with legislative recognition, as the Presbyterians and Wesleyans in this colony, and the Church of England and Ireland in New Zealand. " C3. That is—coercive legal force, by a Church Bill of numerous details, but not giving undefined legislative power, in some measure like our late Church Bill of 1858 and 9. " And 04. That is—coercive legal force by a Church Bill of fewer details, but giving unde fined legislative power, like the Melbourne and the Sydney bills. "Of these four courses you will, I think, agree with me that C2 is to be preferred, and that as in the New Zealand Church we re quire :— " Ist. To draw up and adopt a Church Con stitution based on consensual compact, and ap plicable to the whole Church of England in this colony—therefore not a Diocesan Constitution, but a General or Provincial Constitution. " And 2nd. To obtain from the legislature only a Trust Act like the New Zealand Trust Act, in the preamble of which our Church Con stitution, with its governing body, the general Synod, may receive legislative recognition." That seemed to be the conclusion which he ar rived at. It was no doubt a matter which legal heads were far better able to weigh and discuss than clerical, and he (the speaker) was very thankful that they had the benefit of the pre senoe of the two judges, for he was sure their help and countenance would give them consi derable confidence as to the way in which they should proceed. He would recommend every body to carefully study the letter of the Bishop of Newcastle, for it was, without exception, the most masterly paper he had seen with regard to Church polity. Mr. W. T. Blajcekky said he thought, as far as Mr. Justice Lutwyohe's motion was concerned, that they could very safely adopt it. The Rev. J. R. Moptatt said he had much pleasure in supporting Mr. Justice Lutwyche's motion. The Rev. T. Jonbs said it was with much pleasure he supported the opinions expressed by Mr. Justice Lutwycho and the Rev. Mr. Moffatt. He believed one great benefit that would arise from the Church keeping clear of any legislative enactment would be to throw an amount of interest into the affairs of the Church generally, which was at present not shared in by hundreds of those who were bond fide mem ber of her communion. If they looked at the Church in America, whioh had stood a consider able test, they would find, what unhappily they could not in the Australian colonies —viz , mem bers of the Church knowing why they were members. In America members took an inter est in the affairs of the Church, because all their resources and energies were within them selves. He had much pleasure in supporting a motion for testing a system which had, he believed, worked successfully in New Zealand and in Tasmania. He understood that the Bishop of Tasmania had been recently in a position to announce that every one of his clergy had been paid during the last twelve months. If the system succeeded so well in the neighboring dioceses, he thought they ought to. try it here. Chief-Justice Cockle said that the opinions he entertained with regard to the Churoh in Australia were similar to those expressed by Mr. Justice Lutwyche. He would regret taking any step which might tend to creating a con nection between the Church and State out here. The motion was then put and carried unani mously. The Bishop said, he supposed the next busi ness would be to consider the propriety of ap pointing a committee of the Conference, or for the Conference itself to consider what, how, when, and under what circumstances the Synod should be called together. They might also prepare a constitution and standing orders, which the Synod could either adopt or reject. After a long discussion, Mr. J. Douglas moved,—" That the Bight Rev. President of this Conferesce be requested to convene a meeting of the Synod of this dio cese in the months of April or May next." The Rev. E. G-. Mobebly seconded the reso lution, which was put and carried. Mr. Gk Clabke moved, —" That the basis of representation be that adopted by the Right Rev. the Bishop in convoking this Conference." Mr. R. Ramsay seconded the resolution. Mr. Justice Ltttwyche said he must oppose the motion. As far as he could recollect, the basis of representation in the last election was considered somewhat arbitrary, for he appre hended the Bishop had not the statistics of the different districts before him, and could not therefore proportion the number of delegates. He considered they should adopt a basis of re presentation which would give the larger districts a greater number of lay delegates than the smaller ones. Some districts would be entitled relatively to that in which he resided, to at least three representatives. He would suggest that every district should return one lay dele gate ; that where the number of enrolled adult members exceeded thirty, there should be an additional lay delegate, and that for every addi tional thirty members, another d?legate. But in no case should the number of delegates re turned for one parish exceed three. He believed such a b&sis; was adopted in Victoria. After a long and desultory conversation, Mr. G-. Clabke moved,—" That the basis of representation be that adopted by the right reverend the Bishop in convoking this Conference, viz., Church-membership, giving one member to bach parish, two members -where the enrolled members of the congregation number thirty, and three members where the enrolled members of the congregation number one hun dred members or more; but in no case any one parish to return more than three members." Mr. R. Ramsay seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. J. R. Moffatt proposed,—" That a roll be prepared, and that instructions be issued to the clergymen and churchwardens of the various distrieU to have this roll" signed by the adult lap members of the Church in each place, and be ready for presentation at the next general meeting of the Synod, and that the declaration of Church membership be added to this roll. He said he thought the resolution, if carried, would give satisfaction in the working, as it would enable them to know the members com posing the various congregations, and this could not be ascertained in any other manner as they could not rely upon the census, the numbers having increased and changed so materially since that was taken, neither could they depend upon the returns of the Registrar-General. Mr. Dudgeon seconded the motion. Mr. Spabbow would support the resolution, if an addition was made to the effect that the roll should be prepared immediatelv, and sent out so that it might be known throughout the districts, and afterwards collected and trans mitted to the Bishop a month before the meet ing of the Synod. He was not much in favor of voting by ballot, but he knew that in the dis trict of Ipswich there were a large number of persons who could not take part in the election of the members of the Confer ence, and great dissatisfaction was felt and expressed in consequence. If it would meet the views of the Conference, he would therefore suggest that voting papers should be prepared, and the churchwardens should enclose them to such members assigned the roll, and that these papers might be returned on the election day, and counted as votes at the election, if the per sons to whom they were forwarded could not make it convenient to attend. The Bishop suggested that the papers might be certified by the clergyman of the parish or district, or justice of the peace. Mr. Justice Ltttwyohe thought that the mo tion, as worded, would give rise to great practi cal inconvenience, and, indeed, innumerable re sults might follow, if the rolls were to be trans mitted to the Synod. There would be great danger of losing some of them, as they would, in many instances, have to be sent great dis tances ; and as these would be the originals, there would be no means of replacing them. He therefore suggested that the words " copies of the rolls" be substituted. The Rev. R. Moffatt agreed to the sug gested alteration. Mr. Faibcloth suggested that the words " certified by the clergyman and churchwardens of the parish or district" should be added. This was also agreed to by tHb proposer^ The Ven. Abchdbacon G-lexnie thought it would be a long time before members of the Church on the different stations would be able to take a very active part in the management of the Church, and he did not think it desirable for this suggestion of Mr. Moseley's to be carried out. At the same time be had as strong sympathy for the country members of the Church as he had for those of the town. After some further discussion, Mr. Moffatt's resolution was amended as follows : —" That a roll be prepared, and instructions be issued, to the clergyman and churchwardens in each dis trict to have this roll signed by the adult mem bers of the Church in those places, and that copies of such rolls, certified by the clergyman and churchwardens be ready for presentation at the first general meeting of the Synod; and that a declaration of church membership be added in the following terms :"—I, A. 8., do hereby declare that I am a bona fide member of the Church of England and Ireland and of no other communion. Mr. Moseley thought it necessary that the question of the election of delegates to the Synod should be settled. They had been mixing up two resolutions, one referring merely to a census of the members of the Church, the other to the election of delegates to the Synod. Mr. Mathews said he thought^ their book would bear respectable comparison with any other in the colony, and the whole of the names were signed either in his presence, or that of his churchwardens, the names being mostly ob tained on the Sundays either before or imme diately after Divine service. Colonel O'Cokneli thought it might very w%ll be left to the clergymen and churchwardens to make up ths rolls, and he did not see why every signature should be attested. Mr. Blakbney then moved:—"That the clergyman in every parish or district, or in his absence, a deputy appointed by him, shall be ex qfficio chairman and Returning-Officer, and shall, as such, have power to fix the date upon which the meeting for the election of dele gates shall take plaee; and, at the conclusion of such election, shall make a return of the names of the delegates elected to the pre siding office of the Synod." The resolution was seconded by Mr. Dun#EON and carried unanimously. The Rev. J. Bliss then rose, and stated that he regretted missing from the assembly two clergymen, and he would therefore move the following resolution :—" That the Rev. Messrs. Creyke and Sutton be invited to attend the meeting of the Synod." The Bishop remarked that he had a great regard for these gentlemen, but had not invited them because they had not any cure of souls. A rather serious question was involved in the resolution. After some conversation, Mr. Bliss withdrew his resolution, stating that it would be better for the Synod to decide the matter themselves. Mr. Douglas moved:—" That a committee of this Conference be appointed to enquire into and report upon a constitution for the Church in this diocese, and that they be requested to lay tho same before the Synod presently to be held in Brisbane, and that they be a standing committee to assist the president in making arrangements for convening the Synod." The passing of such a resolution would not, he ob served, confer any special legislative powers upon such » committee, but would simply em power them to take upon themselves Qie enquiry into many matters which the clergy had not sufficient time to enquire into. It was, therefore, desirable that the gentlemen on the committee should be such as had time to devote to the subject, and that they should reside in Brisbane. It occurred to him, in reading the resolution, that it was possibly worded in an indefinite manner, but, such as it was, he would submit it. The Uniteii Church of England and Ireland, if it did exist legislatively in this colony, would not so exist much longer. Re cent decisions in the law courts at home, with regard to' the position of the Church in the colonies, and amongst others that of Lord Romilly, the Master of the Rolls, were of an important nature, but were, at the same time, very conflicting. It came to be a question whether they, in Queensland, were not now laying the foundation, not of anew Church, but/ of a branch of the mother Church in the dio- . dioceses of Newcastle and New Zealand. The churches were, in fact, describe das V«brancheß." He had thought it advisable at first to insert the words " Episcopal Church" in his resolution, but it was perhaps not desirable that that question should be raised now. It was one of the questions which could very well be made s> matter of considerasion by such a committee as that proposed in the resolution. Colonel O'CoyNBLL rose to a point of order. He did not think it possible for a committe ap pointed by the Conference, to report to the Synod for its guidance. Mr. Justice Lutwychb thought that the future Synod could hardly olaim to have no knowledge of the Conference; and, as to the matter of form, the information might be col lected by the committee, drawn up in the shape of a report, and presented as a petition. After some further conversation, Colonel O'Connbll withdrew the question he had raised as to a point of order. Mr. Clabke seconded the resolution. Mr. Justice Lutwyche said, that he rose for'' the purpose of referring to some observations which had fallen from Mr. Douglas with refer ence to certain legal judgments which had been delivered at home. He would not then give his opinion on the points on which the judgments referred to had been delivered, as he might be called on to do so in another place. But he would like to remind Mr. Douglas and others that, if there was v\ . inconsistency in the last judgment of the Master of the Rolls, it would not affect the Supreme Court here in Queensland in the least. The Privy Court was the Court of Appeal, and the only Court in the world superior to the Supreme Court of Queensland. The resolution was {hen put and carried unanimously. Mr. Douglas then moved, —"That such ' committee consist of the Right Rev. the Bishop of the Diocese, the Venerable the Archdeacon, the Rev. J. Bliss, His Honor Chief Justice Cockle, Mr. Justioe Lutwyche, and the mover." The resolution was seconded, and carried unanimously. The Rev. J. Mosklsy moved the following ' resolution, —" That, on the day of ejection, if at the meeting the names, of more persons are proposed than representatives to be returned, the election shall take place by ballot." The Rev. Mr. Mobbbls'y moved, as an amendment, that the words " show of hands'* ' be substituted for " ballot." The amended resolution was put and carried by a large majority. Mr. Douglas moved, —"That, in the event of a poll being demanded, the voting shall be by ballot." Mr. Justice Lutwxcuk moved, as an amend ment, —" That the words "by ballot" be struck . out, and that the words "by open voting " be : substituted. The amended resolution was put and carried. Mr. Blakknby moved, —" That, in case (he Returning-Officer shall consider it is ne<?»ssary to have more than one polling place in bis dis- ' trict, he shall give notice of the places where such poll shall be taken, and shaU appoint, by writing under his hand, a deputy to preside at each polling place in his district." The motion was seconded, and carried. * The Conference then adjourned. FsrDAT, BEPTBICBBB 6. The Conference met again this afternoon, at 2 p.m., at St. John's School- room, Queen street. The attendance of lay-representa tives was not so large as on previous days. The Bishop presided. After the minutes of the previous meeting had been read and corrected, they were confirmed. The Rev. J. Matthews drew attention to the fact that, although the' Conference had decided upon the qualifications of electors, not one word had been said as to' the stipulation of residence ; and that, as the matter then stood, any member of the Church of England might vote anywhere. He thought it would be necessary that electors should only * vote in those districts in which the; ordinarily resided. It had not been stated, either, whether the chairman at a meeting for the election of delegates had the power of giving a casting vote, if necessary.—The Bishop explained that it was customary, and it was the parliamentary N practice that a chairman should have that power.—Mr. Matthews con tinued that he did not considerjthe qualifications of delegates sufficiently defined; and he' would, - therefore, move, —" That persons elected to be representatives should be required, upon taking their seats in the Synod, to make the following declaration : —I, A. 8., do hereby solemnly de clare that I am bona fide a communicant mem ber of the United Church of England and*lre- v- , land, resident in the diocese of Brisbane, and of no other communion."—The Rev. J. Bliss seconded the motion. Several members of the Conference were of opinion that it was-unneoes-' sary to use the words, " bona fide communi cant," as, if a person'declared he was a " com municant" of the Church of England, he was supposed to be a bona fide communicant. After n long discussion, the motion was adopted. The Rev. Mr. Thackeray next called attention to the fact that, according to the resolutions already passed, any adult member of the Church of England, male or female, wai en titled to vote for the election of the delegates.— Colonel O'Connell moved, —" That whenever the word "adult" is used in the resolutions of this Conference, it shall he taken to mean an adult male member of the Church, of twenty-one yean .and upwards." The resolution was seconded, and carried una nimously. The Rev. Mr. Mathbws then moved, " That, until the Synod had organised the district* in the diocese, the electors should only record their votes in the district in which their name) were, enrolled, and in which they resided." The resolution was seconded by Mr. Justice Lutwyohe, and carried. Mr. J. Douglas moved, "That the Secretary be requested to draw up a report of the proceed ings of this Conference, and that such report be printed and circulated." Votes of thanks were then moved to the* Bishop for his opening address, and to Mr. Bliss for undertaking the duties of secretary. These were responded to; and, on the motion of Mr. W. BiiAKBKf Y, the Conference adjourned until 4 o'clock in the afternoon of Wednesday, April 29, 1868. 