TUB ANGL'J.IXDtAV AXD AUSTRALIAN l'ELKURAPU. \Shen the mail left England an attempt mas being made to establish An Anglo- Indian Klectric Telegraphic Cc'iupiny, ?hk-h sboulJ hire a possible connexion with Australia. The present state of telegraphic communi cation with India is iiusl nnsa'i.shctorj. An electrician uill infiinu us tli.it Blri.-tly sjieakin; the flji=h of th» fiiiij-il.ma the wire is instuntmeous. liJt this is nnt true of the 1ne.ss.t3e, which, owinj to fmioiH c.iusps, I*- ! time:* Ji:^!iii.l un.l India., isli-ii.leat present to w- m-i-.iy ' slip* ami checks sn.l mistakes th.it 'lays |i i«s instpa 1 of 1 iuiirs tctaeen its Oispiit --li :o-il re-.-e -tinn, nrnl then, t'n ' In t-iie, it comes to l- in 1 in a :mitihtet ant unrtlL i-la i furiii. l)i!femv.-rc in ixn.-nye an 1 alministr.ition in many nf the countries th uu^li wliiuli the niusiges |«« im1.- account for miuli of the ik'Uy. tt is pmpot:-! to ' |,rt-vi le against this l-v phii-in; ihe entire line from I. in- I ilnn via E;y|it, Aden to ttnlia, umle- one single manig?' ! «icnt, the clerks Iwiinj Knglwh. The route is Uiat l»y I which nil the mails, imsuenpfrs, trajjH, and urerlaml . nierrhatKlise between this country ani the Eist are f.ir ?uriled. In order to carry out their olije.il, this Mn j i..ctc. 1 company have obtained concession* from various 1 lin-rn nents of the nse of their u:;«raph lines. T.im I the Italian (iorernnient grants the exe'usire uie of t!i? line irora 8usa to itolico, in Sicily ; the Uritish liovti-n. rai-nt granu the existing 'liila ami Alexan lt» ealile for « term of fortf-tao years ; the Telegraph to Iulia C.in p.iny pmals far a lease of tuenty-nue vears th? exinting lain) I:iim l*t«een Aleisndra, Cjirn, a'n.l Suei, ta^lher with tli? cunce^sions au.l firm ins hel.l hy thnt Oo:ii|.anv f.irest.t'ilisliinittelispntA fooi tiiy .t to'.\ilen anil In.lii A pi ovisional cession fraa Italy n! th» riiht to etten 1 tlie line from Sicily to Tripjli. in order to secure a secon.l male in case of interruption between Sioilo «n i Alexan dria, li-ia i'so been obUinei. 1', is exacted tbat the through route from London to Suez will --e in actual work during the present rear, and a contrast faas been entered into for- nuking ai: J laying a cable from Suez to Bamhay, 3SSO niieSSa length, the entire line to becim pleted ia the e^aneef 18SS, or. at latest, in the Maj of 1888. ^ , Ho» that m^v\^^^^^^^^M%^ to carry it to mceen ; ani thmii Io-«ia I* reached, the eiteosions to Siugapore, China, Ji.^ and Arab^li* are oot unlikely to follsw. Wb«her %fci. will he th« first lirri! to reaeb ua we -i, «st faasw j nuny linea ait jjroj»-te,l, l,m this at present KUnls in a !van -e uf most of those liuej jlom .^ theiie ^0^ ag eipect much. ? ^ Information reaches iu coneerning an arrangement , ,, u ?aiJ *° have beeB entered into Ly the Uussiao and 1 ru,,i;ui GavernmeuU and an Kn^liih and Gi-nn in contiacting company, relitive lo the construction of a new |,,,e of te]esra|,u betweeii Et.'IoicI »nd India, tbrou-h theirmpntire territories f n? ttiiniau Oorern aicnt baji-e pivu a right of way. » lelse of th- ncwlme atllsutionsior twenty 6ve veara, an-! ot her rigliu. and the eouiiauy »gr«« to work the liSs l.y n^ans ..f iia own olhaiU. Ou its pirt the Prussian Uorermnent engages to onatrost and uiaiotaiu two special 'lines through North Germany, parting with them to th* company for the perioj of twenty-fife years. Tuisde^n «ill be '30m ? pleteJ by the laying of a enlimarine cal.le in the Itlnek Sea, 280 miles in length, iietreen the Crimea aud tlie Circiwaian coaal. The line from Tehemn to India being alrealy in the hanls of the Hiitish -}-rernment, this company woulJ boIJ uninterninteil |i'iis»s-ion of a tele graphic communication from England to l'uraia. Tbe British Government i« anJerstoo.1 to have agree 1 to facilitate thwe arrangotneuta. These measures are rejunlcd with mnoh intersst, in as inu.ih :is the new lines wOl ool only facilitate inter coutHe lietween Kutope and tli3 Eist, hut cnnsidcrahly reduce its cost. Messages are nour dear because the wires are Lot sparingly used, and the wir»i are c|-aringly u«J lieoause the communication by means nf existing lines is imperfect and unreliable, i'hm the liriti=h «o Vfrninent promise to reduce the tarif over the Puraian linviml the Persian (iulf cable, so noan as an increase of messages shall occur iu consequence of tbe uew line. There are many re:uons for Bnp,iosiu^ that this Hue may he 'very well isupparte.1. The tioivrnmentsi through whose territories it will pass are anxious to stui e it, :inJ it will cast fully a third less than a purely submarine line. . Cmcsr.TEivsnFTnKOLD Kctlooi.— Mr Ilu'U, pcrlaps ths greatest cricketer who ever lived, played at Liid'.s sixty-three years aco, nml continued to take part in great mattlies till 1827. lie was famous us a liataiuan, a howler, and a fiiibl. For twenty years his oreiu.'e pe' inninRs waa twenty-nine. In one mutch be hit a hall for nine ; in another he hit clean out of LorJ't, ground. Ths celebrated Mr Ward, a toleraWy good ju.lje of cricket, loaU-bol Mr riratiJ ngaiust Mr Uul 1 ot (.insle wicket. Mr HuJd went in first, soored seventy, and then knocltel down his wicket. He then pot his opponent out for nithing. (Jning in a second time lie obtained thirty runs more, and again knockel down his wicket. A iiecond lime Mr llraml went ont without a run. \riien playing againat twenty-two at N'otlingham MrBttJdcaughi outnin?. At Plurlon he lioivlej out four of the Lansl'iwne Olab— a very atrong cricketing society— in one over. On their oun gr u id be re peated the same feat. Mr Osballislon offered :i challenge that he and Lambert would play miy four iii Kngland. This was nc.-e| .t.-l, and ths four-were Mr liu II, Thumwno 1, Hajwarl, and iimwn, the famous fast howler, who almiys required two long ntopa.' The two only gut eleven runs in two innings while, although Mr Osbal.lestou liowlej every wicket, tha four ol.tainc.i thirty-eiulit in one ; Mr lindil sooring nineteen, and Hiwn 6fteen. Mr -).sbi|.le:stoii was so enraged »t bis ?kfeit tbat be rushed up to the Pavilion, anl erased bis iiiuii-! from the list of ineiuher* with ruc!i energy that he obliterated at the same time the nnly other two names beginning with '0.' He was sum- for bis i ritation in his cooler moments anil Mr HivU interoed-1 with Lori! Fie lorirk lieaticlorck and Mr Ward on hi. b:half ; hut the oIL'tiee wan considered too great, and his name was Been no more on the M.C.O. roll. The friend ship of Mr lindd and Mr Usbaldestjn - was in no way diminished hy this incident, hut they took good care not to play matches Against each othet-. The Squire could not tiear to he l-eaten, and &lr; lludd was the only man in England who could beat him. Indeed olil Mrs CUjaldeston bad male her son promise her tbat he would never play against Mr Jtu.1.1, and there is a letter extant addressed to that gentleman in which the Squire says— 'I mike a bargain with you on the re maining part nf this paper, that we will not play against each other in any single wicket match, as there is no occasion for it, and t'.en nobody can tell what we can do jointly. ' And when they did play together they carried all before them. The pair, aided by Lori Frederick lleauclerck, boat the throe hest professionals in England — Lambert, Sherman and ITovvard— and MrOsb.ildeston l»»led every wicket. Singly he lieat the two best players of Nottingham, obtaining eighty-four runs njihont Inning his wicket, and bOA'lin,' out his antagonists twice over for seventeen runs'— Sport asr.raptana. A Facetious Joue.— A. mirth-loving judge, Justice Powell, could he as thniMu;hly humourous in private life us lie was fearkvs and just upon the bench. Swift describes him as a eurpri»ingly merry old gentleman, lau^hini: heartily at all comic tiling', and nt bis own droll stories more than arght else. I:i court he could not always refrain from jocularity. For instance, when he tried Jane Wenliam for witchcraft, and she assure) him phe conU 8y, his eye twinkled as he onswered, ' Well, then, you mav ; there is no law a.'ainst living.' \Vh»n FowIt, Ilishnp of Gloucester— a thorough Mievpr in wh.it is now-adays callel ppirituiilism -was perse.'Uting his acquaintance with silly stories about ghost«, Powell give him a telling reproof far bis credulity by describing a horrible apparition which wat repre sented ns having disturbed the narrator's rest 0:1 a pre vious nijlit. At the hour of inllnisht, as the clocks were Mi-iking twelve, the judge was roused frotn slumber by a hideous sound. Starling up, be saw at tbe foot of hi* uncoinpnnionel led a figure— dark, gloomy, terrible, holding before its grim and repulsive visage a lamp that shed an uncertain light. 'May heaven have mercy on us !' tremulously ejaculated (he bishop at this part of the story. Tbe judge continued his story : 'lie calm, my lord bishop; becalm. The awful part of this mys terious interview lias still to be told. Nerrin; myself to fashion the words of inquiry, I addressed the nocturnal visitor thus — ? Strange being, why hast thou come at this still hour n perturb a sinful mortal V You understand, my Innl, I (aid this in hollow tones -in ivhut I may ahnotf term a Kepulcliral *oic« ' ' Av, ay,' said the bisl.op, ' J iinploreypn to gi on. Whatdid itnnsweri' 11 it ansn-ercl, in a r'lice n't ?ren-ly iliuV'tent from the voice 0! a iiumsn mixture, ' Piwse, sir, I am x^« w.xlch niau on beat, anl your street door is open.'' — Book about Lauijrrs. Ri-oin Mikino bt Fr.r.rziKo. — The New York I/tralii of the 14th of I'cSruary says— At thellavainali M. Kcvr.ose has invented n pro -ess of con'-ent rating syrup»i and miking pagar without any application of heat, but solely l»y cold. He coneeutratei by freezing, and then, following the rules of crysUliution, he cures the Kngar, and finishes tbe process with the centrifugal machine, producing a large crystnlised pag.ir, pare, dry, and white. Hy means of this improved anl extremely economical method, be has produced IS.dilO kilogrammes of mgar per hectare, which formerly yielded only 8U0O j but 011 an average, he says, tbe produce from syrups is never less than double the usual or former process try heat. Mr. 11. Rejnoaa crushes hia cane by a. powerful mill. The syrup flows on to four graduated sieves, the under one of a very fine texture. From tbem the syrup falls into a revolver, where pure water is added instantly, and without any exposure to the atmos phere the diluted syrup is put into process. Tlie cost in labour alone is nut one thir.l cf thai required to cure sugar by the old process of b.ittety unl furnaces. No tuu!a-*fe«a it produced, aud ufier the first I'eft'i^u-tum ifi liiiishnl, and a batch of ice fonneil, Ihe proceat will pro eet-J as fastasth? mill suppiin syrup. This is one of the gieatest triumphs of ihe science. M. Ileynose ii securing bis invention by patent rUht. *t the same time, hundreds of tons ar« manufactured and shipped to this port and to Russia. PKooaBsaoF rna Pacific Riilp.cvai- —The Xrw York 7-'.«ei aaya — 'Tha Pacific llailroal U Iwing laid with R|)Wl nneKampled in the history of railroad constriction, and only worthy of being compared to some of ihose famous pedestrian fents of a bun lied miles in a hundred hours. The work, to be sure, is n.-t difficult of aeconi piisiiiuent, sine9 the road-bed is for long reaches as level as a ttarr, ajid grax'ng bcjnmea the easiest of nia'.ters. oliil, there is scope enough for energy, and it fans been expend?].' Ten days ago the main ^-tein htul been linilt to a-Jistance of 3S1 miles west of Umaha ; but where the jumping oj place now Ts can only be crfujjctored since hute Btrides ai« taken in ten days. The telegraph then significantly told us that ' Ueneral Augur's camp is at the cnJ of the track -two and a quarter miles of which have been lail since 10 o'clock this morning.' Our military camp will prolmblv advance ?? tbe railroad advances, l-e(ng )nreh*d «at at the end of Chie line of supply and ooinmameatimi jnst 11K Sherman's, ana* was in the Atlantic campaign, with the whii ot the ballet in fiont and the whistle of the engine in the rear, and raid ing and railroading going on together.' A CLSBGnug gave a tiist that was not verjr gallant, at a Uu- fireman's celebration : 'Oar Ere-eBgUlct -may Jhej be Jik« old toaUs— ever ready bat hemp wanted,' raucu to q^An\t.' liw'btter^niiHlr fijfliui ^ ' M nth the act» by »hich /asm bat ?i(aili!-4 0* W»!«*.^-; ~-M of tbe aj-eaUfdliberal caw. O^bhKMuilfF ? * r*$ life and property In Mexico to-day tbas then bu b«i ' ,-' at say time within the laaC forty nai». ' She fa onfe — - ; precisely the utue position that.Fnqi^ j*wd in whn lite strogsU culmiottei between the Ja-«-uii» aai tie, Girondist!, 'ibe Mexican liberals have' dispveitf' | Mjiiimiliau just** tbe Jseabim disposed of loiia Sefei ' ' All (hi iuJign itio-i that may be rxpecwet on the ia'-ietst ? ? wiU only 1« no much 4-reath «*sl«I tl «Ail btwi+t*' ? * tasre effect upon tho jicrpctratar of these atneitie* tliaa the puUUs aeatiment of ISuro^e bad ujwn tbe JacoMns. The best thing th a can l-s done for Mexi)souTo let fliein' ~ figbt out the quarrel among themselves.' There will 1» no peace for the country until the factional l8iiler« ban . .» killed each other off. Then the voiee of capunoa «eps« ,* aud humanity uiay make iUelf beard and orler coma 0 it of chaos, tihould lliis expectation be disappointed, our Government will bave but, one course to pursue, an4 ' - that is to save the Mexicans from theauelvea.^ Already ' public opinion in Kumpe i» falling upon as to interfere. ' ' The time f jr jiiterf entiou, however, has oot arrived. , When we take a step involving surf] serious consequencei-- - it can only be when all hope of sell-regeneration is loit for Lb&t; iod'fdraakea ficople.' _ ^ A Oirl is Male Atiibk.— Kate Srereton. a gi I ,* dnMSQ'l as a boy, was brought upon remand at Oteea- wicb, charge 1 with pretending to lie a toy, and jainiog admittance at an inmate and tflirder at the boo* cf Mr liicbarl Mitzt-ll, of 5, Emerson Tenaw, Fomt HiH, . Syileuham, for a suppose! unlawful parpose. It ap- ? peared tbat ihe prosecut.nr is tbe proprietor of an elu- 1 eat:, na' and boarding es'.alilishinentat Sydenhafn.aadoB * Tuetlay last a gentleman called at tbe pro3ecator'« Iiouwj with the prisoner, whom be represented «? au orfihan, and rccejit^' arrived from America, and wboif ,,/ cilucatiou bad been neglected. Ai, agreement was then entered into, by which the prisoner was admitted aTiepil and hoarder, sue coming to i&G; iiouse on the evening of (he same diy, unl reinainiog until Sunday. In ths lucinlime the prosecutor and Ilia wile baring »ome,*ui picicn, challenged the prisoneras to being a female, wlioh she confessed 10 being. — IVisoner's fattier, /i waiter and amjtant -letter collier at Stockwe&saidhisiiaughter; bal f before left her home. In December list she' went to a concert ut one of the London music halls, and remaining ' ' late did not return home, but asked where she could obtain a Jolgin;. She was rccumiuendui to go to 8t George's wotkhous;, where she obtained a nigtit's lodg ing in the casual ward. In tlie looming she forgot the n;tmf- she ha I given overnight and this led to an inquiry , and her detection in tbe workhouse, the rule* of which as' to the pickin; uf oakum, she declined to comply niih. For this she was given into custody, anil taken before the polica uiagi&lralc;, Mr l'aget who remanded tier for a week, and through the reports of the raise wbieli appeared * in the newspapers be ascertained where aha naa and slit was restore! to him. liefore consenting to take tl.o pritiucr borne he wished to know w1iat a person the n in courl, who bad acconipinicd a |iolice-sergeant to bis home on the previous evening, bad to do with/ hit s daughter. The individual alluded to, who g*re the Wtn« of M. A. Ei^cno-Qhinal, Upper SUmfoni-isHeet, T3!abk,y friars, came forward, anl siiij tfaat on the 3£t£ ~ar 28 A of May last he found the prisoner orjing io Weit^ileatByrn and in answer to his inquiries she ti id him *he was very { 1 ally treated at home, and showed one cf her elbows, which appeared to bave been put out of joint. She refused to go home, and .he suggested that she s'lould either consent logo to the workhouse or to aooie com fortable place, where, if she would work, bapiomiiad to yy for her board and lodging. The chose the latter, and he took her to a bouse in Upper Stamford-street, where he paid for her board and lodging a month in ad vance, intending it for her good. She had asked him to supply her with a sewing-machine, but in a few days ' the landlady of the bouse complained of her going to music hulls. He gave her poekot money at tiiuei, bat towards the end of last month she married a gentleman the eon of a barrister) with whom ale bad formed find acquaintance, and she left the bonse. lie knew nothing more of her career.— Mr Trail 1 observed tbat there wu no reason to suppose she was in the prosecutor's bouse for a felonious intention, and ordered her to le die charged.— Sunday Times. A Chpfis ami NoCor.rsE. — On Thursday, 13th Juns a very extraordinary and unaccountable circumstance oc curred at ICnutsford. A corpse was to have been buried, and it was arranged that the funeral should be at tha parish church at 3 o'clock. Five minutes before the ap pointed time the vicar arrived, and soon after the fune. ral party came np. The bearers rested at the entrance . where the vicar generally meets the body. As the vicar was approaching, the| sexton was helping to raise the coffin, when, wi'Ji great astonishment, he callrd out, ' Why there's nothing in it.' The astonished party found he was right, and returneil nastily to the place whence they had come, to unscrew the coXn and plaoa the body in it. The vicir waited their return to tha church, and the funeral ceremonies were solemnised in regular order — WarrinqtoH Guardian. Vote bf Ballot, —the Pal! .VallOaictrtot 13 July siys :— ' Mr Marsh, the member for Salisbury, stumbled into a strange fallacy last night in speaking on the ballot. He imintaine 1 that.there can be no secret rot ing where there ore Englishmen, because ou bis brother'* property in Australia he had seen voters coming up to the ballot-hos with the colours of the party for which they meant to vote in their bats, and declared that out of li'l persons who balloted on tbe occasion he knew for certain bow 131 had voted. Ko arrangement ol the ballot can, of course, prevent voters from saying bow they mean to vole, or how they have voted— if they please U do so ; but if Mr Marsh will attend the ballot At anv cluh iu London, he trill see plenty ot Englishmen voting by ballot with all the secrecy that Mr Berkeley can desire.' Amoso Trie Hears. — On Friday, June SSth, necens of a niojt txeitinp nature occurred at Zoological UaVdens Uegent's-park. It uppers tbat a countryman, while looking at the hears, accidentally dropped bis hat Into. the pit, ami, to recover it, had the foolhardineas to de ssend the pit. As soon as be got to tbe bottom he wu seized by one of the bean, And immediately two others came from their cave und also seized him, and began drugging him towaids it. Some sticks were thrown to him hy the excited lookers on, but fortunately one of the keepers went to tho mau's assistance, andeuooeedjd in setting him free. Tiudes Dkioks. — The Sheffield Tckrjraph says t— 'A meeting of the saw grinders' trade was held on Tuesday night. Rroadhead was present, and spoke for nearly an hour. The burden of hie speech was that he had sacri ficed himself to the trade, lie said he had injured bis character and liiB prospects for the go id of the trade; and he frequently made pathetic ejaculations, intended to work upon the sympathies of bis hearers, in which, we arc informed, be to a very large extent suoceeded. He terminated his 6peech hy an appeal to his bearers that they should either keep him or allow him to re enter the trade. We believe that the latter part ot bis request was acceded to. Some of tbe persona present expressed their opinion tbat be was the best nan in tha traJe.' Suicidk THRocran LovB 11 Debbt. —lute 0.1 Sunia? day evening a most shocking eoreite was committed at * Derby. A girl, sixteen yearsof age, named MarU Smith, residing with ber parents in Duke-street) it would »n pear had been keeping company with a yaong man In that town, and from some qoexjilained cause a alight dis- . agreement had arisen between them. The result wu ' that tbe unfortunate creature had been in a low state ol mind, and, early on' Sunday evening, called upon a feiuile companion to take a walk. 8ht- - hived an aiisiouetiess to walk by tbe river side, and it wai accord* ' ' ingly ngreed between them that the; sbonl.l stroll up Darley-grove— aiioutskirt ot the town -and enter the fields surrounding tbe Derirent. There they remained till between 9 and 10 o'clock, when several boys earn* ' un, and, noticing something peculiar in tbe girl's con duet, kept eyes upon ber, although she and herfriead went into the next fieM. In » few ttibote* afterwards the; notice) deceased take ber hat and ape oft', and n|»n her rolling tier dress sleeve* «p, the !xiy» ran t» the spot, - andheird Smith requesting tbe. «tb«t young girl to Uke - them b(ftne, aiding, ' she did aot intend to go httM that night.' Tbe youtbathen tt-gad-ner to g- *mm bm .V refuel, again remarking. 'that It ale &¥% h jme they would have to earqr her.' » UasMuqg ended, t!ie lads laid bold of her, and deelarea Cher wmU lain be.- home, bul just at this toamst tae tufortante girt rescued fatneU «rom them, *M joa-di«tdr«t**f O* deepest parts of tlie river, «entaiaiBg, 'Vam'n ? ,' and *M drnwued i» thdr siWimsa; MnJMitHM- . diately raised, aid tn-i-o)i«tKngeaBBaUwiUl widilH1 drags and anon recovered tt* toif.—WmUf JtHpUtt, „ , Jalj 14 ' ? * ' ** * fat M««obiml-B-«. PsriiiaM 4t Wnl.rtPiV ' ; ^o-e young *i!e«ie4 UddUbbAklW WiMM MA _ ' ? 't h«drtw«xw»dtaf.«i.a»lB»M«»lt*fc«»:.ii*i- hJ$Ufe 7* action to this end has already. If Html -lljRWM»» ' . rj forU*1^jM*d4«aa^Js«'tiM««rtaMM^^ ^1 «rt»ideof Somhwark Brid|» wad. ni.H i$iMB[Ifl. , f§ mlllte.tyng^n-heapM. ItisO* Tltim'iti@t»m rkM to spend £10,000 « tte UAhntr-SljS^SS^f'* -jM baUyu«Uwa a»re.i .A * T™V- -MM ' - ' -- ??-'*? H S^M * ? '-'SB 