mt Jteeip. (From the Some NetoaJ. The ' Churoh News ' publishes the form in which, as it says, the Princess Dagmarj: recently married to tho Czarewitch, so piously renounced the distinctive tenets, of Lutheranism. After expressing her belief in the seven sacraments, tranBubstantiation, and the adoration of pictures and prayers to the sainfs, her Royal Highness was made to sajy : — ' I believe and confess that the Foundation-bead and S-ipreme Pastor and Bishop of the ijjoly Greco- Russian 1 Church is our Lord Jesus Christ ; and that from ' -5* Him all bishops, pastors, and teachera are ordained ; and that the Ruler and Governor o! the said 'Churoh is the Holy Ghost. That this Church is the Bride of Christ, I also confers ; and that in her is true salvation to be found, and that no one can possibly be saved in any other except her, I believe.' - A distressing event lately took place at Castellar, a little commune of the Alpes-Maritimes, hear Mentone. All the young people of the place being assembled in a dancing-room, one of the young men was seen to fall suddenly to the ground, . whilst a young woman 21 years of age, his partner, bran dished a poniard r and was prepared to inflict a second blow on him, liaviag already desperately wounded him in the Btomach. The author of the crime was at once arrested. She declared that she had acted from a motive of vengeance, the young man having led her astray formerly with a promise ; of marriage, which he never fulfilled. In the morn ing of that day she had summoned bim to keep bis word, and, upon his refusal, had determined on melting the dancing-room the scene of her revenge* She was at first locked up in the prison at Mentone. and afterwards sent on to Nice. The young man continues in a dangerous state. . Richard Williams; who recently delivered a lecture at Buffalo (U.S.) on the Mormons, alluded as follows to one of the disturbing elements among the Saints s— ' There ia one element among them selves that is troublesome. The general testimony of tho Gentiles who have lived in intimate social ' relations with them is that the young girta (to their honour be it said) are mostly disaffected. Growing up with it, they have seen the institution with all its abominations, and opposed as it is to all their holier feelings and better instincts, no amount of spiritual thunder can entirely control them. Here, as everywhere, they are a privileged class, and cannot very well be whipped or imprisoned. Like most of the descendants of Eve, they will talk and are ever ready to elope with a Gentile who has the courage and can get away with them. They cannot marry a Gentile and remain peacefully at home. Yery naturally they prefer a whole Gentile to one-tenth of a Mormon. The most effectual way of breaking up the whole system would be .to send an army of 10,000 unmarried men there, and protect every man who married a Mormon woman and brought her to camp. We might in this way get rid of the nuisance without bloodshed or incurring the odium of a religious persecution.' A rumour is again current at Oxford that it is in contemplation not only to orect a new Roman Catholic chapel, but also to erect and establish a Roman Catholic college there. Dr. Newman has recently been in Oxford for the purpose of selecting a site for the building, and, it is said, negotiations are going on between that gentleman and tho city authorities relative to the purchase of a large plot of ground. ' ? : Ceime in Fbanctb. — The Paris papers 'contain a story of crime committed at St. Denis of so appal ling and unheard-of a character that I ^cannot but suspect some inaccuracy in the report. The state ment is that a party of 11 waiters and cooks employed in some of the St. Denis restaurants met together at the lodgings of one of them to have a supper with provisions and wine stolen from their masters. A girl, aged 19, of bad character and in the last stage of pregnancy, sat down with them. They got drunk. A horrible and indescribable orgie followed. In the course of the night the girl was delivered of a child, which was strangled as soon ns hot n, and the body thrown into a water closet. Tho girl made no complaint, but on being questioned by the Commissary of Police, in conse quence of her altered 'appearance, she made dis closures which led to the arrest of the eleven men. — Daily News Correspondent. A Phase of Life Insurance . — Mr. Parkin Jeff oock, who met his death as most people think so heroically, while endeavouring to save the lives of i his men at the Oaks colliery, had insured his life j for £1000 with the Accidental Insurance Company, and it appears that the company now decline to pay the money on the ground that Mr. Jeffcock was ! guilty of placing, his life in ' voluntary danger,' in direct contravention of a special clause ia the policy. In reply to questions put to': them they say, ' All the risks incident to your profession are covered by your policy, but you are expressly forbidden to place your life in voluntary danger under any circum stances whatever.' — Pall Mall Gazette. A Pleasing Pbospect of Boiled Beef. — The Food Committe of the Society of Arts have done good service by calling attention to a new' importa tion of boiled beef from Australia. Messrs. M'Call, of 137, Hounsditch, have on sale, a first consignment of 60,000 lbs. ' of Auatraliambeef, and have made arrangements for taking a similar quantity every month. The meat is the best Australian beef, not salted but carefully stewed and paoked in tins hermetically sealed. It has none of the common objectionable appearances or flavour of preserved meat j and, being ready' cooked, is exceedingly cheap at 7d. per pound, without bone. This is not more than 6d. a pound with bone, and, if it be true that one company alone in Australia could send us annually the beef of ten. thousand fat oxen at this prioe, some of us may yet live to see beef coming down in price in the general markets of this country. — ' Daily News.' 