GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS. TO THE Editor of The Empire. 'Sir, I am a basketmaker, practical and professional and am ever in search of a job among the nooks and corners where work is to be picked up. ' I have pried into the Government Gazette, and for years past, mine eyes have met this announcement, " Tenders' for Baskets." Well, Sir, on several occasions, I have put in my tender with all credentials binding me to the pains and penalties incidental to a breach of faith in compliance with the terms of tender, yet the fruits of my labour have invariably been the receipt of a polite note, to the effect that " your tender is declined." Did any other basket maker get the contract, I should have thought the officials had acted disinterestedly, and would have bowed with reverence to their discrimination, or, could the merchants who are the happy recipients of the Government favours supply the articles cheaper (quality considered), I should consider I was placed out of court. But I maintain neither of these premises is correct: hence, this appeal for satisfaction, through your valuable journal, to public opinion. Sir, considering our trade has "a local habitation and a name," I maintain it has a right to a recognition by the State. Nor will the excessive politeness (in negatives) of " those in authority '' calm my ruffled temper, or suppress my indignation at the treatment the basketmakers of Sydney receive, and have long received, at their hands. By fusing the " tenders for baskets " in the schedules for stationery and ironmongery, we are placed entirely out of court, for unless the basket maker goes in for " the whole hog" in the former, he is not even privileged to tender for waste paper baskets at all, while, for all other baskets required for the public service, the cards are so securely placed in the hands of the ironmonger, that it is the mockery of a farce to tell the basket maker he has the ghost of a chance of success, though he put in fifty tenders. Trivial as our paternal Government may think of our trade, I am under the mark when I say there are in Sydney alone, some fifty mouths depending for their daily bread on the manufacture of baskets. Is it fair then, is it just, that the middle men shall step in and ' take the lion's share ? That the stationers or the iron mongers shall stand between us and the consumers and take all the cream off our milk ? What would our great leather manufacturers say were the contracts for boots and shoes given to the carcase butchers, because he deals in hides ? Or the contracts for blankets be given to the squatter, because he grows wool? Does the confectioner get the contract for emptying privies ; or the upholster the contract for sweeping chimneys ? No. Yet there is some similitude between these professions, and it may be a nice point to discriminate, where the one ends, and the other begins ; but there is none whatever between the dealer in iron and the worker in willow, or between the manufacturer of oil rags into paper (for that is the proper functions of the stationer), and the man who manipulates the osier into the graceful scrap basket. But it is not only here, but even in London, the basketmaker is always the serf of some political partisan, in the shape of a tinker or a tailor, who, having rendered the officials of the hour some service, is favoured with a " contract" as foreign to his calling as absurdity can well conceive. lt is on record that a member of the English Parliament asked was a basket maker an animate or an inanimate object. Perhaps some of our Holms are equally ignorant as to whether baskets are born or " whether they grows," the subject is too serious for jesting. Is it not monstrous that, while it is mooted to award one thousand pounds bonus to the first millionaire who produces fifty tons of sugar of colonial growth under the garb of encouraging colonial industry, the same Government is send abroad for a supply of baskets which could be made better and cheaper in Sydney ? There are six hundred children in the Randwick Asylum. There are acres and acres of swamp before their eyes, and almost beneath their feet. Though worthless for pasture or agriculture, the osier would there grow luxuriantly. The first cost of fencing and planting over, the crops would be perennial. By a brief practice the children's tiny fingers would whiten the rods, and, under a tutor, weave them into baskets of a hundred forms and devices - garden seats, couches, carriages, flower stands, etc, - whose very existence would create a demand that would give enjoyment to the children, bring funds to the institution, and open up a new and illimitable source of colonial industry. DAVID WILEY. 