? * ? . ? ' A REAL GOOD THING.' Reader, have you evei speculated in racing £ Has it ever been your unhappy fate to take an interest in a prominent favorite for t.he Derby or Leger ? To scan with feverish anxiety tbe qnotnd odds in the papers of the day ? I never could understand those odds. Why do tlie caterers for the better information of the racing wono, wnose lucubrations are honored with a place in the daily papers, give those tempting o'ldsV Who ever could get them? I never heard of any one that could. You have a pet outsider in your eye— he is well bred his blood is unexceptionable -but he has never been out— is ono of tiio dark lot, in fact. You takeup your sporting paper, ami read ' Thunder bolt one hundred to one offered' — it means simply that no one will lay you tho3e odds. You go abniit begging for tUcin ; at last some puhlic-spiiited bookmaker saj-s, as he hns done a good deal of husiness with you, that he will, as a particular favor, lay you, mind, only you, fifty to one. It was only the other day I heard a gentleman ask a well-known layer of odds for the quoted price about a certain animal ; the bookmaker offered about one-half. ' WeJI,' says the gentleman, ' the papers give so and so.' 'Ah,' returns the bookmaker, 'but then, you see, sir, tbe papers don't bet ;' which argument being unanswerable, my friend puts up with what he could get. Well, this is a digression — faraway from ' the good thing.' I was about to write about — I mean ' the greatest certainty out' of thft prophets, lipstora, el hoc ijcnus omnc, ill whose breasts the milk of human kindness is so overflowing, that, for swearing filthy lucre for themselves, they mag nanimously offer their patrons a fortune— ay, aud such an one, too, as even CYuhus himself migbt«nvy, aud not all the golden sands of far famed Pactolus of old could produce— and all this, gentle reader — hold your breath, I pray ! — for the modest sum of 13 postage stamps. Was ever sucli single-minded generosity heard of in days of yore ? Surely all those who deny the noble nature of tbe British 'tout,' must be scurvy-pat«d knaves indeed ! The auri sacra fames, that consumes the very vitals of the less virtuous portion of creation, is spurned with scorn by ' Vates1' of the English turf. Will he uot forego a princely iucome for himself, his luxurious town-house, and cozy suburban villa, with its consequent cntoitrauc of subservient and flattering friends, all for your benefit, my friend? Of course he will. Talk of the Gracchi, of Quintus Curtius, of that long line of heroes, whose deeds are chronicled in history's pages, who thought it 'dolcect decorum pro patria mori' — why, it is folly, downright sheer nonsense. What did they do ?' Qive their lives for their country's weal ? Surely that is nothing, and sinks into in significance, when compared with the philan thropy of oux modern prophets, vrho spurn, the long odds, and wealth untold for themselves, in order that they may stuff tbe j-ockets of tlie dear confiding British public; aud then, too, how modestly ilicy do it— actually fur 13 post age stomps ! Who shall say that virtue has left this vile earth ? ' Ultima post omnes terra* astrterdiquit,'' but surely virtue still remains amongst these hard-working, self-denying 'touts ' of the nineteenth century—' Fiat hit titia, 1-out aelum ' — Well, how about the good tiling? Did I not in an evil moment take up a newspaper, and read, 'Mr. Plantaganct Jones, being intimately connected with the largest racing establishments in Eng land, is iu a* position to forward to gentlemen tbe certain winner of the Derby, now at good odJs— for the sum of thirteen postage stamps— Mr. P. J., being satisfied thatiicum have made no mistake, asks only a nominal sum for his advice, and relies on the honor of his patrons fora liberal percentage on winnings.' Surely nothing could he more plain, straightforward, aud honorable than this. .So thought I, un happy I — so thought many another, no doubt, and so rouleaux of stamps rolled into Mr. J.P.'s net. I sent — must I own tbe soft impeach ment? — to that model of virtue and sclfalme gatiou thirteen postage stamps, and a stamped directed envelope — and, in due course of post, received the following : — ' Sir, get on Flaetwing at onco ; he can give anything in the race a stone, and walk in. — P.J. P.S.— Back him for a raker, it is coining money.' Of course I was charmed ; here was the golden opportunity 1 had been looking for all my life. At last I might say 'Eureka.' 'Back him for a raker;' of course I would, and then after tlie eventful day— a moor in Scotlaud and a salmon river loomed in the distance — how charming were those cJtaitaitx en Espagnc ! What a lucky fellow I was ! How I looked up the horse's two-year-old perform ances in Kuflf ! How I magnified hia victories, and what plausible excuses I made for bis defeats ! How I learnt off by heart his pedigree and was never tired of showing thnt it w:is a moral impossibility that anything could have the ghost of a chance with my favorit* ! Fleet wing's career, as a two-vear-old. had been more than average — and at the time I received the disinterested advice alluded to above, he was in stalled third favorite at the respectable price of fifteen to one. That is a good prico for any mau to get on the certain winner of the Derby at— it was worth a plunge, and I plunged ac cordingly, taking those odds to £500, or, as it is beautifully and euphoniously termed in turf parlance, to 'a monkey.' Well, time passed on, the winter fled, and in due course Fleetwing was pulled ont to meet his spring engagements at the metropolis of the turf in the Craven Meeting. He ran for and wpn the Biennial— to be sure there was nothing in the field he met better than 'platers,'' but still the voice of the prophet P. J. sang his pr.iises — the performance was called splendid, and one which raised him to the highest pinnacleof equine excellence. I confess I could not sre it j but then I was verdant — very. I could not make out how it came aboi.t that, if the performance were so good, there should be so many kind accommodating individuals always ready to put money into my pockets, and those of the other disciples of the prophet, by laying against him ; but so it was. I really eventually became overpowered and overwhebned by the deep sense of the obligation I was under to those kind people for the free-and-easy way in which they were apparently thrusting fortune and greatness on me — robbing themselves, iu fact, to make me. Fancy such luck for thirteen postage stamps, and an indefinite pruniise ! Time still passed and fled, and the Two Thou sand Guineas were lost and won— but not by Fleetwing ! he did not put in an appearance. Why did he not ? or, rather, why should he ? Was he not backed by his noble owner, by his straightforward and upright trainer, and by that confiding lamb, the British, public, to win as much money as would sink the Great Eastern ? —why then should he risk on Newmarket Heath when so much was at stake on Epsoin Downs ? Nothing of course could be more satisfactory than such an argument ; it was as clear as ( he sun at noon. Somehow dr other, though I was not quite convinced, though of course I had no right to be sceptical ; and I did pluck up courage to indite a letter to my prophetical ad viser, and tell him that it seemed to me if he were such ' a real good thing ' for the Derby, ' he could not possibly have lost ' The Guineas ; ' in which case he would h;ive come to a short price for his grand engage ment at Epsom, and his spirited owner, honest trainer, Vates, mvself. and the British public in general, might have stood a good stake to nothing, in consequence of the reduc tion of the odds that would necessarily hsve followed his Newmarket victory. I mildly added, that it was impossible to make a cer tainty of winning a race ; iu fact, that tlie horse might die ; for I remembered in my school days having read in Horace, that death knocks at the doors of rich and poor alike — aud if so why uot at the stable door? 1 received, of course, a haughty reply, such :is befitted one who had ?lonne.l the prophetic m ^ltle : '? It was one of those nil ial certainties tlj.it, couM uot be upaet.' I re- id, and believed. . Time still sped —the struggle tliat was to make my fortune was rapidly drawing near — and with feverish anxiety I searched the papers each day for the latest betting, and the reports from training quarters. Ah ! what snares and delusions are these reports ! The writers of them, as a rule, could scarce distinguish a horse from a cow. A bulletin was issued day by -lay by these worthies, giving the latest particulars of the health and doings of the 'cracks,' and of Fleetwiug's amongst ihe number. Amongst numerous other reports, I read the following: — ' Fleetwing took a three miles' gallop this morn ing, led by York Minster and Eclipse. The pace w-is a eweker all through— Vleetwiug was pulling over his two schoolmasters throughout, and on his finishing his gallop did not blow enough to put out a farthing rushlight.' What could a poor devil do on the strength of such an announcement but put more money on? Really I almost blushed to ask those good-natured bookmakers to lay me more money about the horse ; but there was no limit to their kindness, they ralher pressed the odds on me than other wise, I suppose to put me quite at my ease. Alas ! I fear that the vivacious individual who wrote the above glowing account of Fleetwing's gallop dreamt it, and that he was comfortably ensconced between the sheets at the time his too fertile imagination pictured to him Fleet wing & Co. dashing through the keen morning air that sweeps across those Yorkshire wolds. However, what did it matter? It brought grist to the mill of the conscieutious editor of the paper in whosacolumns the statement appeared, and it charmed me and all Fleetwing's sup porters. And, on the strength of the 'good thing' so industriously put about, the horse was backed for probably more than anything else in the race. At length the Derby day arrived, big with the fate of thousands of indi viduals, from peer to peasant. What a glorious morning it was ! and how eager every one seemed to be to get off ! At an early hiiur I sauntered into a woll-known Club in St. James's square to mtat the party with whichl was going to the Do -ras, and to fortify with a good break fast the inner man against the toil and excitement of tbe day. I found a goodly number already assembled, discussing break fast,' and washing it down with 'Veuve Clicquot' and ' Badminton.' Of course' tlie great race was the all-engrossing topic, and each one was loud in the praises of his par ticular fancy. Presently a drag with tnur splendid bays drove up, and then there was a move as it rolled away from the door ; another took its place, till in due course of time it came to the turn of myself and party ; and, after satisfying ourselves that Fortnum and Mason had not neglected their part in the day's per formance, we too followed in the human stream. It boots not to dwell on the oft-told tale of the road, and the facetious witticisms that fell on the ear in every direction. Sutincu it to say, that, after the customary chaff and fun, we reached our destination in safety, and deposited ourselves, drag and all, in a good situation for seeing the race. Of course the first thing to be done was to go into the ring, to learn the latest state of the odds, and find out if any of the 'cracks' had passed a bad night. AVc found, however, that no material change had taken place. Oh ! what a sight that ring is ! There was the Leviathan shouting out iu his stentorian ' voice, and off ei ing to lay tbe o.lds against anything and everything in bundieus or in thousands, as brnt suited the fancy of iiis audience. ' I'll lay five hundred to a hundred against Diomed.' 'Twelve hundred to one hundred against Fleetwing.' He had scarcely got the latter words out of his muuth, when a fair-haired dragoon, one of my party, said quietly, 'Put it down.' He was but a boy, that dragoon, but he had rid Jen with the 'immortal' six hundred in the charge at Balaclava. At length a bell rang, and the horses were brought out for the first race of the day. For a space, a very brief space, attention was diverted from the big race, and the more inveterate gamblers transacteitTi little business on the event about to be immediately decided. This was hardly run off, when all interest again centred in the Derby. At length, after the usual number of prelimiuaiy races, the bell rang to clear tbe course for the ' piece de resistance' — tho race of the day. What a Babel is that ring now ! Nothing but one oontinued roar. ' I'll lay against Her cules.' ' Five to one bar one.' ' I'll lay a level thousand Fleetwing ain't in the first eight.' 'We had at length, by dint of a great deal of patience and perseverance, c'ged our way into tbe saddling paddock. I and all my party were anxious to look at Fleetwing. What did we care for tlie other horses ? Was iii not a moral certainty for our horse? Of course it was. At length a. buzz was heard, and Hercules came along — a fiue bright chesnut, with a coat like satin— long and low, his fore legs were like pillars of steel, and bis con dition was perfect, tho muscles standing ont in great knots, like coils of iron. Next followed Dioihcd, a grand horse to look a{, but rather light and corky — oue that seemed as if speed rather than staying was his ' forte.' Then others of lesser pretensions, aud then Fleetwing came on the scene, his owner by liis side, and led by bis trainer. He certainly was a picture, as far as symmetry . went, with a white blaze on his foiehcad, and legs that no amount of work could injure. Bat verdant though I was, thanks to ay bringing up, I was not verdant enough to be blind to the fact that he was not half prepared, and that the Derby, was not bis journey^ in spite of all tho ? : fuss and ostentetiotts parade of which he waa ? the centre. What was to be done ? Timewaa ? nearly up. Oh, Vates ! had I met you then, I, ;; ' fear youi prophetic career would hive come to an untim«Iy end. Would the correspondent from training quartets have fared better? I think not. ' I remembered every line of his bulletin— how the horse galloped, how on palling up he did not blow enough to put out a rushlight. Standing still was useless, some thing must be done. I turned my head and saw the hones sweeping past in their preliminary canters. I heard a sudden shout of admiration — a bright chestnut was skimming along over the ground, with a long, low, taking striae — it was Hercules. I waited for nothing more. I was satisfied, and forthwith I dashed back into ibe ting. ' Nothing risk, nothing have,' I men tally ejaculated. I could not stand to lose a ^flar sir hundred pounds quietly. Scarcely had I entc^ tne magic circle, when I heard a' well- known bookmaker offer three hundred pounds to one hundred pounds against Hercules. 'Put it down, I said. ' Again, sir?' was the only reply ; ' Yes,' I nodded. Five times over the hrtt was offered, ami five limes over it was accepted by me. And I really «unk, if it had been offered fifteen times, I should have accepted it, so favorable an impression hn.d Hercules made on mo, nnd so irate did I feel at having allowed myself to bo led by the great prophet And now the horses were at thci starting post ; there was the usual number of false starts, and there was that ' iocvitsMe** dog, without which no Derby could br a Derby. With a great deal of struggSing I managed to get out of the ring, tina dashed frantically across the course. 1 dont know whether I or 'the dog' came in for the greater amount of execrations ;:nd hooting ; it was about even betting between us. A friendly drag, however, was close at hand, and I just managed to roach the top of it, when a deafening roar rent the air, ' They're off — they're off !' and sure enough they were. Now they ar« out of sight, and how anxiously is their reappearance watched for ! The seconds seem hours ; at length, on they come, streaming through the ' furzes.' ' Hurrah !' shouted my pale-faced friend, the dragoon, 'Fleetwing wins !' He looked well enough at the time, but he was a long way from home, and that dreaded corner had to be passed. On they (ly amid a cloud of dust ; they sweep round Tat tenh.im Corner into the straight run in. And now where is Fleetwing, the pet of the prophets, 'the real good thing?' He seems distressed, and is compounding rapidly. On they come, fast as the lightning- flash, with, to the un practised eye, bnt little to choose between then. At last the cords are reached, and, as if by magic, two shoot out from the ruck. One is a ? bright chesnnt— Hercules, as I live ! and the other a despised outsider — Flatcatcher. On they come amid a roar of voices from throats in tens of thousands : ' Flatcatcher wins,' ' The favorite wins !' and so locked together, stride by stride, the chair is neared. Whichever wins this will be no bloodless victory. At last one seems to forge slightly, very slightly, ahead of the other, and tho fatal chair is passed. No man knows which has won. Some say it is a dead heat; others offer to back one ho:se against the other. At length -suspense is at an end. Up go the numbers— No. 19 first, No. 8 second. The Derby is lost and won, and Hercules has gained the blue riband of the turf, while Flatcatcher obtains second honors. But where is the 'real good thing,' the moral certainty? ' Poor Fleetwing ! how has thy glory departed ; can that bethou that I see trotting in, far in the rear, leg-weary, and with drooping head !' And now that the riddle is solved, the dragoon is bemoaning his lost 'century,' and telling me, by way of consoling himself, how sorry he is I have been ' hit ' so hard. People, when they lose themselves, take a savage delight in pitying their fellows in misfortune. Now, I don't like pity ; I never did, so I say nothing, but pull out my book and hand it to my pale- faced friend. He reads, and bursts out in language most profane — ' Why, you have won !' ' Of course I have,' I say. ' How much ?' is the rejoinder. ' Add it up,' I reply. So he did, and in spite of the great prophet, aud ' the real good thing,' he found I had cleared a cool nine hundred pounds on the race. Well, that was more by good luck than anything else ; it rarely happens one can slip out of a 'moral certainty' an suc cessfully as I did, and, after all, it was a narrow squeak— 'Won by a short head,' was the verdict of the judge, whicli means, by about the length of one's hand. Need I say that that was my first as well as my last ' real good thing,' and that ever since I have turned a deaf ear to the charmer (vulgo, tipster), charm he never so wisely ! And now nothing remained but for the winners to drink the health of the recipient of the blue riband, and tbe losers to drown their cares iu ' champagne. Don't fall into the error, d.;ar reader, of supposing that because Fleetwing lost the Derby he was a bad horse; far from it, lie simply was not meant. Neither his noble owner uor his upright and straightforward train ei. had a .shilling on him for the race—they founn; he was hardly good enough, and so they ran him with au ulterior object in view. The whole army ot touts, prophets, and special corresprir. dents had been bamboozled ! Did I dream it ? or bad I drank too much champagne ? I don't know, but I- have a dim nnd hazy idea of some little bird whispering in my oar that I must not desert Fleetwing, for that he would yet win a great race, although he would have to perform again and again for the amuse ment aud benefit (?) of tbe public. And then, at last, when his former admirers had voted him a three- cornered brute, and one not worth training, he would come out in his true colors. Some time afterwards I left England, and onh fiue morning, whilst sitting at breakfast iu Naples, an English newspaper was brought in. I took it up, and almost the first thing that caught_ my eye was the announcement than Fleetwing had won one of the most important handicaps of the year, and that his owner a.id friends had netted an enormous stake. Did the public back him when he won ? No ; if they ? had done so he would haye run nowhere. So ? much for the moral certainties of the touts and prophets. Be wise and put not your trust in them. — Temple Bar. 