RUSSIA AND POLAND. I (From The Times, January 7th.) The Imperial decrees published on' Saturday last at. St. Petersburg abolish all that remained of Poland as a separate kingdom. Russia has had her will, and Polish nationality ceases to exist. Russia succeeded, somewhat less than a century ago, to a large share in the ruins of a stately edifice, which internal commotions had already materially undermined, but which she conspired with others to bring utterly to the ground. Her efforts since then have been consistently directed to clearing the space encumbered by what she looked upon as mere rubbish, so as to leave room for the extension of her own premises. Her incessant toil has been rewarded with complete success. Whatever existed of the whole fabric has been reduced to a dead level and these recent decrees dig the foundations and lay out the plan for the new structure. We shall not indulge in a vain parade of our feelings on this sorrowful subject. More than enough crocodile tears have been shed in Europe upon Poland's ruin. We all know whose hands did the deed, and whose eyes saw it done. We all remembered also the promises of rescue which were repeatedly held out to the prostrate country and the cruel disappointment in which they all ended. It little matters now to decide on whom the greatest blame should be laid ; whose convivial festivities or whose happy slumbers the ghost of Poland should most persistently haunt. The crime was consummated long before the word "nationality" was heard among us. An evil day arose for Poland in which she had not one friend in the world and although the Muscovite secured the richest spoils for himself, still a greater antipathy and more stolid almost. by against the fallen people was, and is even to the present day, harboured in Germany than in Russia itself. The subjugation of all Germany and his repeated triumphs over Russia had offered the First Napoleon a chance which he threw away, and which no combination of circumstances could ever reproduce Since then nothing could be more senseless than the cry"LaPologiiuneperirapas.'' Unless France was prepared to renew the struggle of 1813, she must have been well aware that Poland had perished and if Poland could not be liberated either by her own efforts or by foreign aid, what chance was there that the conquered nation could not maintain her administrative independence ? It is hardly worth while at the present day to inquire on what particular stipula- tion to that effect the so called Kingdom of Poland was adjudged to the Emperor Alexander I., who had already re-asserted his rights to it by conquest. The negotiators of the Treaties of 181415 were certainly far from contemplating a joint guarantee on terms which would have entailed upon them a perpetual intervention between a Sovereign and his subjects. Diplomatists may take care of the rights of Princes, but it is for nations to make good their own. The issue was, at any rate, again and again tried by the Emperor Nicholas in 1832 and 1847, and again by his successor in 1861. blow upon blow was struck at that nominal independence, and, in despite of protests and remonstrances, the Kingdom of Poland was finally made a Russian Province. Nothing, indeed, could be more idle than to expect the Czar alone to deem himself bound to the observance of treaties which other Sovereigns had so frequently and so flagrantly trodden under foot. The whole tendency of modern progress points to the ex- tinction of divided allegiance. A conquered people lies at the discretion of it! new master, so far as all the rest of the world is concerned. Nothing, for instance, can be more solidly established than the separate existence of the kingdom of Norway from the Swedish Crown, but should the King of Sweden decree the administrative and legislative union of the two kingdoms, though the Norwegians would be entitled to resist the arbitrary measure to the death, it is very doubtful whether any European Power would deem it either just or expedient to meddle in the matter. The Poles lay no less at the mercy of the Russians after 1815 than the Corsican were at the discretion of the French in 1796\. Yet the Corsicans were made French in one day ; the Poles have hardly been made Russians in a century. The right of supremacy by one race over another being established, different States exercise it in different ways. The Austrians in Lombardy and the English in the Ionian Islands paid the utmost respect to the laws, creeds, and language-in one word, to the independence of the subject people, yet they failed in establishing a sufficiently popular rule to render the continuance of their supremacy desirable. The French denationalised Lorraine and Alsace, Corsica and Nice, utterly by a single stroke of the pen ; they wedded the alien races for better, for worse and there is charm enough, it seems, in that mere boast of French citizenship to reconcile the very Bedouins to the loss of their national individuality. The limitation of the Poles to the common condition of Russian subjects has been, and is now enforced by such means that it is useless to consider whether it is in itself as enormous an evil as the friends of Poland describe it. We have compared annexation to marriage, and mere incompatibility of temper ought always to be sufficient to prevent the conclusion of an unhallowed union, even if it need not always authorise its deliverance. " If she won't. she won't" ought to be decisive about nations ?? about individuals and doubt len, Poland for the last hundred years has given irrefragable evidence of her reluctance. But if we start from the fact that national emancipation, either by her own or by a friendly band has become an absolute impossibility, we may well ask whether it is cruelty to Poland to deprive her of the meant of attempting such an impossi bility we may ask whether peace, at least, if not love between the two races may not be established by inch thorough subjugation as would preclude even the chance of a hopeless struggle. Next to any consummation that could rescue the Poles from their fate we ought to bail any circumstance likely in any measure to reconcile them to it. "The object of the Imperial decrees," says the Invalides Busse, is the practical union and equalization of the regulations existing in Poland with those in force in Russia." These refer chiefly to matters connected with financial, postal, and provincial administration. It is impossible for us to have an opinion as to the nature of the in movements" which have been introduced in Russia, and which, according to the same journal, " the Government will now be enabled to extend to Poland." Alexander II., as we all know, has had the credit of at least benevolent intentions towards his own Russian subjects. He aspires to the honours of an enlightened and liberal Re- former. Some of his measures, although greeted with popular applause, have not led to as satisfactory results in practice as were theoretically expected of them. Still, we have no doubt that the condition of the Poles might in some respects be bettered by the proposed fusion. We were equally convinced that in some matters Lombardy fared better under Austrians than it does now under national Italian rule. But nationality for the Italians was the " pearl of great price," by the side of which all that the world could give was valueless and so, in all probability, it would be for the Poles, too. Were there the least room for option, nothing would be easier than to advise the Poles to " spurn the Muscovite and his gifts." But it is difficult to conceive from what quarter the faintest glimmer of hope can dawn upon the doomed nation. What silly game the new Austrian Premier may deem it expedient to play in Galicia we are not able to make out, but Austria has her hands full enough of domestic troubles without bringing other people's quarrels upon herself. How Germany understands the theory of nationality, as applied to other people, the Poles have had ample opportunity of learning in Posen and Galicia. But should any doubt remain, the Poles need only look to the treatment of the Danish district of North Schleswig. There Bismark shows himself as uncompromising as as similar as the Czar himself. \---is 