MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. TttE following is Mr. Diffident'a speech at n presentation supper:-" Ladies and gentlemen-I beg pardon. (Laughter.) Mr. Chairman, Indies-Indies and gentl.'. ínen. (Cheers.) In returning-in ris- ing to return, Indies and gentlemen-in returning my sincere lliauka for ill« great and distinguished, (hough merited -(laughter) - uunierited - (-dicers) honour you have-I have just-just conferred-(laughter and cheers)-per- mit me to say that l-l beg tn assure you, ladies and gentlemen, that nothing I can say on the present occasion eau sufficiently express my-your sense of my kindness - (loud applause and laughter)-«ill kindle a most-I caa assure you ladies and gentle- men, this ia-this is the happiest moment of my life (renesved applause), and iu in returning-returning from the bottom of my heart-(cheers)-it ts perhaps un- necessary-unnecessary tn say anything -(cries of " go on ") -and I trust I have said nothing-(laughter)-untiling on the present occasion lh.it-but I'll not detain yon, ladies and gentlemen (" yes, yes, go on ")-and hy saying that -have said more than I intend to say on the present occasion-(hear, hear) - I eau only say that in leturning my sin- cere thanks, I-I beg most sincerely to thank you." [The speaker on resuming his seat was received by several rounds of applause ] The Ottawas, a partially civilised tribe of Indians, are said to have set aside 20,000 acres of a rich reservation be- longing to them in Kansas, for tlie pur- pose of erecting a university for the education of Indians. The new constitution of Denmark, granting full liberty of worship, pro- vides that no one is to be compelled lo contribute tn the support nf a church of which he disapproves, but that every in- dividual who does not show that he is the member of some religious com- munity in the country, must pay to- wards public education the persoual con- tributions imposed by thu law rn favour of the National Church. In a field of oats belongiug t.i Mr. Peter Grant, Ballintua, near Grantown, it was found the other day that three barley grains which had been dropped on the field had produced upwards of 500 returns. From one grain there had sprung nine stalks, yielding 135 returns; while the other two had produced six stalks each, and 183 and 16S returns respectively.-Inverness Courier. A MELANCHOLY FACT. - " When women become too old for running on their feet," says a severe critic, " they most generally make up for it in the running of their tongues." THE TOAST OF THE THUEE PS. The Press, the Pulpit, and the Petti- coats-tho threa ruling powers of the day. The first spreads knowledge, che second spreads morals, and the last spread considerably. TUE LANGUAGE OF DISAPPOINTMENT. -"She isn't all that mv fancy painted her," bitterly exclaimed a rejected lover ; aud worse than that, she isn't all that she paints herself."-American Paper. FANNT FERN pays, " 1 like to seo a Working man reading the newspaper ; B real lady who can carry a parcrl ; a father at a place of amusement with his children ; a young man willi a clear eye, 'and a fresh, virtuous, unhackneyed fnee ; a shop girl neatly dressed, and .vithout sham ornamentation ; a man of business g oin«; home at night with a bouquet for bis wife; a shopkeeper civil and patient to a poor woman «¡ia, with a baby across her arm, ventures lo buy a Shil- ling article ; a dressmaker who is scientific enough to perfecta good " fit," and yet leave your breathing apparatus | in christian working condition; a shop I that is not an " emporium ;" a milliner who didn't come from Pari«; n jolly do- mestic who likes " the family ; a bride with her pet small house; a young father with bis first boy. A MISCHIEVOUS CANAHD.-The Philadelphia Ledger is a journal which appreciates a reputation for accuracy sufficiently 'to take measures to detect the origin of the hoax which was un- doubtedly practised upon it yesterday morning. It was stated in its columns, with a show of authority, that the President had applied to the At .*Brney General for nia official opinion as to the constitutional competency of a congress in which ten states are de- prived-not by their own act-of re- presentation, and the plain inference was that the President did not intend to recognise the present Congress. This statement is now denied by the President himself. He bas made no such inquiries. The report waB a fabri- cation, and there is reason to believe, or suspect, at least, that it was invented for slock jobbing purposes-in other word«, as a cover for robbing persons who might believe it. There are several considerations which might have de- prive! tho statement of Borne of the importance attiibuied to it, even if it had been true. (1.) If the President had made the inquiries alleged, it would not follow that IHR purpose was to re- fuse to recognise the existing Congress. It might have been the very reverse. (2.) lie had already recognised it bv sending message» lo it, by signing bilis which it had passed and tlius mak- ing them laws, and hy putting those linvs in execution. Ile could not. now refuse to regard it as valid, without stultifying his own action. (3.) He could do nothing in the premises without the concurrence of a portion of the mpmbere, sufficient wilji thc Southern members to make a quo- rum, and there is not the slightest reason to suppose that he could obtain that assent. (4.) Action on his part of the kind supposed would be illegal and revolutionary, and would contradict the whole tenor of h¡B conduct, both official and personal, thus far. We have repeatedly pressed upon public attention the fact that contingencies might occur in which the President might be con- strained by his views of public duty to recognise a congress in which all the . Slates should be represented, instead of one from which a portion should be arbi- trarily excluded. But thc first require- ment for such 'fi contingency would be the presence of a constitutional quorum, a majority of nil the members elect, which, under existing laws, would be 121\. In the present Connre-s lhere arc more than that number of Union member*, and in (lie next Congress they will have the same |irednminance. lt is certain, therefore, that if all tin- Nm t hern democrats w ere to join all the Soul hern members in the attempt to constitute a rival Congress, they could not form a quorum ; and without a quorum they would not be constitutionnlly competent to transact any business whatever. The danger apprehended, therefore, while the report was supposed to be true, was mainly commercial.-New York Times. DÜST.-A few Sabbaths since Eda wae, at her own request, allowed to go to Sabbath school for the first time, and there she learned the startling intelli- gence that she was made of dust. Little Eda's mind was fully impressed with the importance of the great truth, as was evinced by ber frequent reference to the subject in the shape of questions answerable and unanswerable. This morning, however, she propounded a stunner which " brought down the house." Intently watching her mother sweeping, as if to learn the art she must fiually practise, saying not a word, her eye rested upon the little pile of dirt accu- mulated by the mother's broom. Just as the dirt was to be swept into the street, the little philosopher burst forth lith : " Ma ! ma ! why don't you save thc dust to make some more little girls?" -Harper's New Monthly Magazine. A GHOST CAPTURED.-The Western Morning News reports a strange case of supersmion iu the west of England. About three weeks a<-o there died the Hev. E. D. Rhodes, vicar of Bathampton, a village two mileB from Bath, and on the borders of Somerset and Wilts. Mr. Rhodes waB a man of very remark- able powers ; his teaching was far above the average of country clergymen, and his parishioners were commonly sup- posed to be, so far ss intellectual attain- ments are concerned, much above the level of an ordinary rural parish. Never- theless, since his death the rumour has become current that his ghost- has beeu seen in Bathampton churchyard, and has been heard groaning -ind sighing. The witnesses increased in number and in positiveness of assen ion, and the report obtaining general currency crowds ol persons rame over from Bath to verify it.* Their testimony was abundantly confirmed,, and one old parii- honer, entering more into detnil than the rest, said that he had seen Mr. Rhodes wit li a crown of glory round his head and a trumpet in his bund. The matter non became serious, and the aid nf the pnlicr was asked. Constables accordingly wert sent over. The ghost appeared, as usual Sale and ghastly, groaning and sighing Le was captured, and turned nut to bt a great »bite owl, which is benceOirtti condemned to humiliating imprisonment in a barn, with bard labour in the sbapi pf micecatching. Sm SAMUEL BAKEB AND TUE CA- I PABIL1TTES OF THE Nrcono.-Mr. Samuel W. Holt, n negro, and formerly a slave, writes to Ihe Spectator :-" WÏ1 you permit me to slate very briefly a few (nels hearing upon the assertion of Sir S. Baker that ' the neuro has little in common with ihe white man, beyond the simple instincts of human nature?' I think I ought to know something about the question, for I nm a negro myself, and up to my twenty-third year was a slave in Jamaica. ! have all my life lived among the race who Sir S. Baiter con- siders as scarcely possessing human reason, and I can sny unhesitatingly that T can prove hts assertion to be in- correct. Why, Sir, lhere is not a single profession or trade in Jamaica which lias not among its representatives a negro. There are, as you well know, negro members of the House of Hepresnita tives, who may be supposed to possess at least a sufficient glimmering of reason to enable them to discern the menning of tho laws which they enact ¡ there are negro lawyers, negro doctors, negro ministers, negro merchants, negro managers of estates, npgro sea captains, and negro school- masters. Tlie head master ol' the Wilmore Free School at Kingston, one of the largest educational establishments in the island, is a negro, as are a'su the engine-drivers on the enly railway in Jamaica. In fact, sir, in that is'a'id both the lives and the pr'perty of vast numbers of .he inhabitant* are entrusted to members of that race, which Sir S. Baker regards as possessing only the " simple instincts of human nature." How wonderful, truly, must be thc " simple instinct " which enables ow negro engineers to manage theexieusive sugar-refining machinery on our planta- tions! " Simple instinct " has induced the negroes to erect, at their omi ex- pense, a large school for the cdir-at¡on of their children, in the New Hoad dis- trict, between (lie parishes ol' St. Elisabeth and Westmoreland. This school is taught by negro master-, is supported by negro contributions, and is managed hy a committee ol' negroes. In the very same dis!riet n bank has J been established by the negrees, which is conducted by the 'simple instinct ' of a negro manager, und receives the small savings of the negro inhabitants ol' thc 1 district. Though established only three ? years, this bank has, at the present time, deposits to the amount nf about £'.r>(l() I need hardly lell you, sir,thai through- out the whole island the soil is tilled, the crops are cultivated, and the markets supplied hy negroes. An ii^soci.-'lmn has been recently formed by thc ? simple in- stincts' ol' tbe negro freeholders fur the transmission direel lo Kn- hind of their produce, and the first fruit s ol' I his so- ciety have just been lireught tn ¡his country in tlie shape of a '-argo ol' pro- duce worth about £700 In conclusion permit mc to say that, if circumstance-* permit, I hope to have a public oppor- tunity of measuring my 'simple instinct' agaiost the lofty reason of ¡Sir. S. linker." HOLLOWAY'S PILLS.-Let Hie sick taVe heed , I 1-Th« pTnmnt'h is thc crammiesarMt of the ? o i'hysiVn] system. It ftirnislies tue material SUP- j 1¡ teimncn of livery orçan. If disordered, the ^ u « hole hndy languishes ; but however severely it i g nMy be affected itu tone and vigour muy alwnyB I he re*."red hy a course of tliese irresistible ' Pille* Ullin usn ens, indigestion, liver complaints, J mid other disorders of 1 he stomach, can easily j he ruted by the use of Holloway's Pills. "] Thousands rittest this assertion, end no sufferer J tlint" hus ever trifd thein will deny their supreme C efficacy. In every cuse of stomach disease, from ¡ J the mildest case uf dispepsia to thc disorder of I holli livre and stomach, from thc nausea of 1 he si free liver to the vomiting accompanying ulcer- C ated stomach, these Pills immediately relieve, n und, hy perseverance, effectually cure.-ADV. Q 