THE LONGEST KACECOUUSE OF THE YEAR. THU Tapping having vgaiu become the absolute winner of the great oeenn race fiom Foo-cliow-foo to the Thames, nnd all the quarreljings ami recriminations of the lust eight days having been .set at nest by the nou-ai-.H'al of tke .Arid in time to put in her claim th victory, some further details of the 'competition than have yt been made public will be interesting to the-many tvho look on this as the great sporting «ver.t of the year. Last ye/ir, it wiM be remembered that the Taeping, hav-j ing to wait the return of the «tean>' tug which took the Fiery Cross over the bar at Foo-chow.foo, gave the Ariel two hours' start, and eventually arrived in dock half-an-hour before her. So close « race over so long a course was absolutely unprecedented. and great preparations were made on both sides for the renewed encounter, Captain Mackin non, the late captain of the Taeping, not satisfied with the success he had nlready achieved, brought all his skill and experience to bear cn the improvement of his ship. The yards we»e shifted from the mainmast to the fore, pr<>portionably larger ones being fitted to the main, thus enabling hitn to spread a much greater breadth of canvas. How judicious were these and other alterations has been proved by the result; but Captain Mackinnon himself was not spared to enjoy his success, as on his voyage out he seccumbed to the injuries he had received during his successful exertions in saving a passenger steamer in imminent danger of total loss off the island of Coll. On his daath the command was assumed by, and afterwards judiciously continued iu in thelmnds of his chief officer, Mr Dowdy, who had sailed two previous voyages usith Captain Mackinnon, and has no <v {ironed a worthy successor. This year sixteen ships are quoted for the contest, but only twelve of these can be considered as fa ; rly in the race. Of these the Maiilaud, a magnificient new -clipper, sailed on the 21st May, the Lericu (third in last year's race) on the 1st of June, the Tae| i ig (the winner last year) on the4ih, and the Ariel (second in 1866) on the 12th of June. The Tapping arrived in dock on the 14th pi September, after a run of 101 da)s, which considering that the ships bringing the ear' liest teas liave to encounter thu most .unfavourable monsoons, may be considered a very satisfactory one. ~ Siuce her arrival, however, large sums of money have been betted on the Ariel, notwithstanding the fact that in the short run to Anjer the Taeping had gained four days upon her, and even on Saturday last (21st) there were some enthusiasticsleft who slUihoj.id to rererse the result of the race, Now, however, it iB to late, and the Taeping has performed the extraordinarv feat of winuing the great contest two years in succession.. This year the usual premium of 10s or 20s. per ton haviug beeb withdrawn, fcoingg in TTiiuoteere, the triumphal tlie school children singing ilie National Autliem, die illuminations,the ba!', and the banquet being very like a eeco:id edition of the South Australian pro- j gramme." J CJUIELESSXESS IN DLTAWINQ LE!€IES Foil RUNS.—During two recent eases iu the Supreme Court there lias been A good deal of discussion in reference to the mode in , which the description in leases of Crown I lands for pastoral purposes are sometimes drawn. It lias been said that these are' occasuHMiTly so loose as sccarcely to admit of any clear and unquestionable understanding, from the terms of the description, as to what had really been leased. Lho Chief Justice, speaking yesterday of a description j then 'utider special consideration, designated it ae absolutely disgraceful, for these rea- j eons, t« «ny public officer. He added that j if the officers entrusted with the duty ofj prepaolng such subscriptions (whoever they might be) could produce nothing and mime difinite, the sooner they were got rid of, and a now and more competent eet of officers appointed, the better it would be for the country. HOIXOWAT'S PILLS—Strength restored. —At this season many persons suffer from prostration of strength, arising in general from some disturbance of the digestion. Iu Huoli cases, the alterative of properties Holtateay's Pills exert the happiest effects in renewing digestive vigour. It is wonderfill to witoess how the pale and emaciated gain colour and weight under a course of these purifying Pills. They stimulate the appetite, augment the secretien of g&tftic; juice, regulate the liver, cleanse the kidneys, and act as gcutle yet efficient aperients, without griping, weakening,, or 'inconveniencing the system In a ^aNtnnnjoiity of caBes of debility, arising from -.no percept i- ble cause, Hollo way's Pills, judiciously taken, slowly and certainly restore order, and the intalid soon becomes stout aud strong. CAUTION TO POUNDKEEPKHS.—Some time in the eariy part of October, Mr. Holrbyd lost a horse out of oue his paddocks at Sherwood" J-'crubj the horse -was a bay. branded EC very legibly on the near shculdcr, aud was fourteen .Lands three inches high. In the Gazette of the22ud of Oeto ber, a horse appeared to be in the Liverpool pound, described ill some particulars, which Ksembled Mr. Jlolroyd's horse, but the notice stated that -the hor^e was btanded JSC, and that hisWght wasfourieen bands. Mr. Hdkcyd went to'Liverpool and saw the poundkeeper, Mr. Tindall, and the poundbook. "ffhe brand -entered there was the same as in the Gazette, but no height of the horse was registered. Mr. Holroyd then accompanied the pouodkeeper to whore the horse was running, and when the horse was gotinto a yard, the owner of the paddock being presrdt, Mr. Ilolroyd asked him what •brawl was on the 'horse: lie answer, d EC ; Mr. Holroyd told the poundkeeper to look mt the Gazette which he had iu h«a hand, and lie would find that he had described the tnrse as'branded SC ; " Oh, said the pound- keeper, that is <flie mistake of the printer " Mr. Holroyd then produced the extract from the pound-book and at-ked the pound- •keeper hew he reconciled the mistake of the printer with the description of the brand SC in the pound book. That, said tfoe poundkeeper wns the description of the brand given me by the young matt who impounded the horse. Mr. llolrojd took the horse home, and addreued a letter to the Liverpool Bench, complaining—1st, that the ponndkeepe? Imd charged a higher fee than beWAR entitled to for inspecting the pound-book; 2ndly, that he had delayed adreriiaing the hone in the Gazette longer than ho was warranted by law; 8rdly, th; t he bad described the horse with a false brand in the pound book and in the Gawtte < and 4thly, that he hud improperly ad\ertised the height tf the horse. A special meeting of magistrate! «aa held at Liverpool on the 29th instant, when having satisfied theraeelves of the truth of these chaiges they cismissed the poundkeeper. INJUSTICE asd BEVESOE.—HOW touch soever a person may suffer from ii.justice, he is .always in hazard of suffering more from toe yrosecution of revenge. The violence of an enemy cannot .inflict what if equal to the torment lie creates to fclm«elf, by means of the fierce and desperate pasion which he allows to nge in his aouL Travelling in a covered vehicle, called upon our post-master this morning mid KM ltd that when passing through Beii'lic M.irrcl, yestt rday, he called at a hut, in which lit found several young children in a flaking state of rags and fillli—the jouiigest being apparently no'"lore ihau ten /nunihs oM. I« answer 10 quwt'oiic, the e d Bt child | said—' Mother's dead, father's none awav a long ;ime, au'l we've (IHJ nothing to eat for two day*. The infant, from obvious causes, was a sickening and fetid object. As they all appended £u.iuisliing, lie gave then> what food he had, wh'cli they devoured raven ouslj. AIihj, ii|on making t'u t r cr inqiiirios, he found tiiat the neighbours arouni] would do lulliing for thes>- deserted unfur- «iten because tliev were on bad terms \w: It tlieicabs lit father ! To any clergyman who would not consider |iecuniuiy recompense n sine qua non, Itendic Morrell and ils iuiuic- <kat« tieighbouitxiod offers almoi't as fine a «teipe for missionary zeal as any i f the Fiji Ukiiida. Our postmueter directed tlie liu- «atwe straugcr to the police sLatiou, where, I am toW, he repeated his statement; and | most probably an official inrettyation will j take idaoe. It appears that tlio futlxrha i gone upon a shearing expedition, leaving some food in the liou>e, which of course, under such yoang children's management, was seon eaten or wasted. However, the futhor'liae since returned home ; and, a fie 1 ' the reprimand lie received from the tifitccr in charge here (Cotter), uiost probably n> j future lie wi!l be more eareful Iiotv" he leaves his fatnily <Jf little ones." THE " BDHKOWA.TI'XEGBAPU."—An issue of <his journal, published about a fortuight ago, was announced as the last of its ap pearanee. We subsequently 1'arn that Mr. T. H. Corcoran, t'10 proprietor, lias owing to so:ne mental iifflietiion, b«en sent to Tags tor protect ion. It was fVared hi* state of mind would uecess'lute his transmission shortly to some ass) luin near Sydney. A UsEFtli DOG.— Oil Saturday, while Mr. Cane of the ltoyal, accompanied by Mr. Kinseln, was fishing in tl.e Murrumbidgee, a large cod was honked l>y 1 li'' by the forii:er g<ntleii«i, audio euilea vouring to land it 1 ihu fish snatched the rod from his hand. True to his nristers interests, Alma, a Hue >*ewfuundlaiid dog. J seeing the rod carried down the river, sprang in, and nohly Irrouglit both rod find Ssh to terra firma,—QuertnbeyauA.ge. CLETKB THGFK.— In the early part of last wetrk Messrs. llil.'innn and Co, of Wnoiloomooloo street, phtccd a fifty-three gallon casA of iiticicd oil in their back yard. The oil was valued at £ -3. "When they went to lake some out yesterday morning, they fotii.d very much lo their surprise, that the whole of the oil had been pumped out of the c a'xand carefully taken a>vay by some person or prirsons. Information of the occuremrs was given to the police, who are now cxertiug tlremselves in order 10 discover the preputratore of thu tlu-ft. Otn Mudnine Hoth'cliild, mntlier of" the mighty capitalists, attained tlienge of iiintyfour; her wit, whichWHS lrmnrkable, and her intellectual faculties, wlii.'li were of IIO comtnoii order, were preserved to the end In her last illuess, when surrounded by her family, her yliyaician ban^preaem, she siid in a suppliant tone to the latter, " Dear Doctor try to do something for ttte. 1 ' " Madame what cau 1 do ? I c.-%<'t make you your.g again." " No, doctor, I don't want to l»e young again, but I waut tucouuuuo to grow old*' fttU WEAflt^lt Aim TBfe CftOPi TUB GoCtuUitw DISTEICT.—'I he Weather ^ays the Ouulbu-ii Herald of Saturday) continues vi ry hot and dry, and, to make raat'er* worse, Wis have continual ficrce winds. Vegetation is fust disappearing, and the crops are suffering to a considerable extent. Indeed, unless we have rain within a fortnight at latesr, ie arc likely to have no ;rops at all j and towler any circumitances it is scarcely possible that they will be up lo the average. Tlie re is every prosjiect tl»t all kinds of agricultural produce 'w ill experience • rise. TttE CtEBMOKt EtCOtt iltJItBRB.- Thomas Jjliu Griffin, late Peiice Migistrate of Clermout, aud Q-ld Commissioner for the Uockhamptou district, was brought before the Rockhampton Bench on 2Lst ultimo, charged, on suspicion, with the' murder of troopers Power aud Cahill. The J depositions of various witnesses were read I over and the prisoner wti remanded. The j respondent inquiries whether (lie l'uUe of Edinburgh will viui., " ilie Ciiy >>f the Plains ? ' It is in thin way i.e <ii-Mgnntcs lia hurst. A Miiiilar phnme is well known HI scripture phraseology, ami »>)(>!>ed an an allernat ive to SIKIUIII ntid G"ii»'>i rah. For what reason rui:li a ilesiimallon slioulJ be chosen we are at a loss to onjeciure. nt any rate the hi>tory of the cities of tlie plain not sueli as to encourage a visit of* I he Duke if lie should li.'ippen lo think tlio name is elio e i as the Americans call their cilit-s Ae .cllR and Corinth. AVo certainly *!>oul<l advice an cxpl.inatiiin uitli the invitati.in, or tfie Dul>c assuredly will not go to the Cilv of tlio l'.aiiiH. H. It. II. Piitscu Alfu d's l£i:cEi>rtos COMMISSION—Another meeting of this ( commission was> hel«I vuvterjiiy, when, J among otlfcr things, an important altera- j tioi! Wi»st m-ide in the route to he ' ''f'o by the procession through the cily I.istaaJ jf , proceeding from the Circular Quaj U|) I'itt- j street to llunter-s.re^t, it will proceed up I the street no tar as Bridge-street only, and then turn up into George street,, and proercd up that Btreet to tfnthurst street (instead of Park s'reet), op U.ulmrst-sireet ; along Elizabeth street Soulh to Liteipo<l stn^el, up that street, past Lyons t< rr.ice to the foot of South lle»il Jtoail, and i!o«i ; College-street ti> Macquarie street. An applicaiion was leceived frowi tlie Germim refi 'eits, desiring lo knort on what evening they could forma tort-ii liyht pioi-cesion and serenade in honor of the l'rii:re. and tlie secretary was irn-tincled to rej.lv that no date eotil'l bo fixed at present. j TIIE PKISCCAXD ins POSITION. —Tlierc | arc various sur:nii»e» as to tlie reastwi why j his Royal Highness is to visit Tasmania pre- i vivos to tiydney, Jt. did not originally appear to have been the orJ>*r of procedure j bid down for tlie Prince, as there ivas some doul.t whether liii Ifoya 1 Highness would , pmcci'd to that colony in the Galatea or take a parage in an interc»}tmi if pie.im;*r. someI'SpIanatii'ii however, i* oflV-reil iu lite following riunoiir, for tlip accuracy nf which however we «aiinot ofcoii-se vouch. It is s'a ed that when the G i'.-Kea .-irrivi'd at. Ilm Cape of Giwd hope, Pii.ncc A.freJ bro«;'t his vessel to anchor wil lithe lioyal St a n- danl at the niizen ; he nflerwariU tisi:ed (Vniinodnre Pnr\is, at ircd in plain cn*- j '"ina. nnd on leaching the qtinrtcr-.l.. k ..f the coinmoilore's s'lijl was recii ed by that oflVrr, ulio wiH in full Ulii'oini: lie welcomed his ltoyal Highness to the mlonv, anil alter a short conversation, begged the Prince to excuse him, a* li« was waiting to receivethe captain of the Gila ten Prince A'lVed took the hint, returned to his vessel, ainl shortly after appeared before tlio Commodore, in full uniform, as Post Captain, nnd paid his respects to the Commodore. It is stated that the L'rince at bin e observed the anomalous position in which he was placed, and as his »irit to the liriiish colonies as Prince of the B!o nl is of a < barncUr distinct from that of Post Capain, hisHOY tl lliahnuss at once, wrote h>m<3 for instruction* on the p.iin', and at the same lime ixprcrsed his inliti.ioii of not entering the port where a Cotninoilore's vessel lay until an littswer to (lis inquiries had lieeii received. We do not vouch 1'ur the truth! of the above, but it does not setm improbable.—Herald. AKTLDOTT;.—The Lsuiicestou Exninitier, contains the following about an «ntidute for snako- bite :—As Mr. William Tyson, jun. and a small party were walking near tlie second basin, a setter dog belonging to Mr- Tyson was observed .fighting with a snake, tmd on examining the iog immediately afterwards a puncture was observed on the nose <4 the auiuinl, from which, on being pressed, the blood flowedfreely. Mr. Tyson, with the assistance nf two others who were with him at tlie time, applied externally an amidoteof his own preparation* made from the e-itnuioii burr and ipecacuanha, and a few doses internally of diluted ammonia. A short time after reaching lion • the wound became slightly swollen and the same treatment was repealed, which lias proved a euccess, the dog being now pertec ly well. Mr. Tyson for a long past lias made it a rule never to travel in the bush in summer time without the antidote above mentioned, which we think is a wise precaution, and ono worthy of imitation. SriBiii.—V French gentleman who had heard rum called «pirita,'«vent iuto one of our hotels a few evenings since, and called f or a glagg of Punch, requested that it sliuuld (, e m^de with " ghosts from the West Indies." 