GAWLER. The annual picnic in connection with the Wesley an Sunday-School was held on Easter Monday. About 9 o'clock a.m. the procession, consisting of 10 wagons and two or three traps, started from the chapel with banners and flagfc flving and children cheering.- It- proceeded to Murray-street, by Mr. Fotheringham's store, and thence northtraids through Willaston to a section about two and a-Ualf miles from Gawler, the use of which was kindly lent to the pleasure-seekers by Mr. C. T. Scown; 246 persons, including children, [ teachers, and their friends, were in the wagons, i The spot chosen for the picnic was very suitable, there being abundance of fresh water and pleasant ] shade. On arrivingatthe place, the juveniles soon dispersed and engaged themselves in the various • games, kindly provided for them by their teachers I and friends. They appeared to enjoy themselves thoroughly at d:op the handkerchief, twos and ; threes, donkey races, swings, hurdles, and cricket, j Creature comforts were not forgotten, from ! substantial articles down to cake, fruit, and lollies, j In the afternoon a number of visitors arrived. : swelling the number on the ground to upwards of ; 3l!0. The Rev. T. Lloyd and many influential ! members of the Church were present. The children sang some hymns in a very creditable manner before starting for home, which they ■ reached safely about half-past 6 p.m. Mr. J. : Anuells (Superintcndant of the School) and the teachers, sparedneithertime nor trouble in carrying out the various arrangements, and an extremely pleasant aui successful picnic rewarded their exer tions. An anniversary entertainment was held on Easter Monday evening, at the Oddfellows' Hall ; in connection with the Gawler Lodge of I.O.O.F. and Court Bushman's Pride of A.O.F. Mr. J. : Martin, M.P., occupied the chair, suppo-tcd on the right by the Hon. W. Duflield, and on the left by Mr. K. E. Bright, M.P. The Hall was crowded to excess, and a great many persons were unable to gain admittance. Mr. Martin, in his opening address, referred to the benefits which Societies like the Oddfellows and Foresters conferred both i on individuals and on the community in lessening ' destitution, and providing for the sick and afflicted. He then called upon the Gawler Band to 1 play an overture, after which a chorus ("The : Song of Australia") followed: then a dialogue from j Shakespeare, "Hamlet and the Ghost of his j Father," by Messrs. Wells and Puttman. A duet; ; " What are the wild waves saying," by Mrs. Lane and Mr. fioediger came next; tlien a violin solo I by Mr. Uranz, which was loudly applauded and ; encored; a song by Mrs. Lane, also encored; a solo and chorus, "Come where my Love lies dreaming;" a recitation by Mr. F. Popham, " The Newcastle Apothecary;" a duet, by Mesdames Lane and Hoskins, "The Flower Gatherers," also encored: a bass solo by Mr. Cranz, " The Standard Bearer;" and a recitation by Mr. Gore, "The Execution," from the Ingoldsby Legends, brought the first part of the programme to a close. After the usual interval of 10 minutes, ! during which the band played some pieces, a I chorus, "Swell high the Choral Song," fallowed; then a duet by Messrs. Cranz and Uoediger. A most amusing scene from " The Rivals " was the next piece, and was extremely well given; then a dialogue hv Messrs. Gore and Palmer, "Lochiel's I Warning." A solo, "Then you'll remember me," i by Mr. Roediger; a duet, "The Cousins," by Mesdames Lane and Hoskins; a chorus, "Let me kiss him for his mother;" a song by Mrs. Lane, "Music on the waters;" and a comic Christy interlude, "Rise and Fall of the Money Maiket," by Messrs. Cranz and Puttman, brought the amusements proiier to a close. Master Towusend (son of Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.) kindly gave two recitations, which did not of course appear on the programme, viz., " The Little Vulgar Boy" and "Hodge and the Vicar." Mrs. Wells presided at the pianoforte. The entertainment was entirely by amateurs, and was, on the whole, a decided success The audieuce were, however, too tightly packed together to enjoy it as much as they otherwise would. The Hon. W. Duflield Eroposed a vote of thanks to the Committee who ad got up the entertainment and the picnic held that day, and also to the amateurs who had performed tint evening. This was seconded by Mr. Bright, and carried by ac clamation. Mr. Lane responded, and spoke of the advantages to be derived from the Orders of Oddfellows and Foresters. He also stated that the proceeds of the picnic and entertainment were to he devoted to the Widows' and Orphans' Fund of the Societies. Mr. t'uttman responded in a humorous style on behalf of the amateur per formers. A vote of thanks to the Hon. W. Duflield for the use of his grounds for the picnic was carried by acclamation. A vote of thaa.ks to the Chairman was also passed, after which the National Anthem was played, and the proceedings terminated. 