ORIGINAL SKETCHES. i \- i On Gambling in General. To the Editors of Bell's Life in Sydney. Gentlemen,-Aa rou aro tho fortúnate possessor of that unwinking, slcopless oyo, which stares ono so out of countenance in the front sheet of your paper, and which professes to seo everything that is going forward in this capital city of curs, I take the liberty of craving a little ' spnco in your columns to pick a crow with you-not on account of any racing, volunteering, boating or cricketing default, but. on account of your blindness in not noticing various Utile games which are going on amongst us, by which, for want of a word of caution and explanation, a good number of tho rising generation get "tak n in and done for" at almost orery gathering of a sporting kind, through a penchant for gambling, without sufficient ex- perience and reflection, to know when they have fair play. Kow, if you will permit mo, I will deliver a short sermon on the subject, which may do a little good, and stop some of tho bare-faced robberies which aro going on. In tho first piaoe I nm not going to say a word against gambling. I believe it to bo tho strongest passion itnplantod in the human breast. From the heir apparent to a throne (George tho 4th, who when Princo of Wales dropped about half a million) to tho Bed Indian who gambles away his weapons, and finally his scalp-everyone is more or less a gambler. A soldier or a sailor stakes his life against his pay and chance of pro- motion ; a merchant etakos ships and cargoes against yearly profits ; and parsons oven gamble quietly in rail- way shares, and in tho funds-for a »time bargain i certainly as much gambling as backing a horse, color, number, or a main is. So far from being exempt myself from tho complaint, I would always (savo in the case of a very old friend) rather any day toss than shout. I have been all my life a victim to refiles, being utterly unable to resist tho fascination, unless tho affair was a palpable swindle. Old Bacchus has a very firm hold on his votaries, but they even huve deserted him before now, and turned teototallers-as witnoss air Gough, who first worshipped, thon deserted, and now goes about abusing tho poor old fellow. Venus also, is strongly supported and devoutly adored by ninny people ; but there hnvo been oven deserters from that corps. Mars at ono limo was greatly in voguo, and his chief worshippers wore tho magnates of tho earth who played for very high prizes, (a country boro and a town or two there,) but in thoso days, tho old fellow has rather gono out of furor, und thero have been many instances of his votaries leaving him mid assuming tho garb of private and pcuceful life. But it is very seldom that a thorough gambler evor deserts his colors. Even Ibu noble Marquis who, nt tho. request of his better half, sold Iiis stud and foreswore ' cards mid dice, was uoxt day discovered with a congouiul , spirit ut a straw sack, pulling out tho longest straws for j £100 n time. Tho advice, however, that I wish to gire, , is not intcudod for Borne of your readers who aro, in their j own "lingo," down to overy movo, but for thoso in- i experienced youths who huve never oven heard of tho | doctrine of chances. My advice is, gamblo by till means if you aro inclined., but soe that you got fair play, winch, according to Puddy's version "isajowol," and like all . other jo weis not to bo net} with every dar. , I Now, in the second place, I will take a few of tho I pomes most in favor boro, and um thom up. Billi «rds bagatelle, oi'ilibago, whist, chess, draught*, ito., are games of skill, which I need not not ¡JO, and belling un horse racing, &o.;, is too largo a subject lo tackln here, so I will ot onco turn to the noble games of chance, which ' are played at our public sporting cal haring*, and teach if possible, the ronni; idea how and why to shoat clear of them. As Thimble- rig is defunct, tho first I will noticoisthe three-card game, falsely called Monto, and secondly priek in tho garter, which every one who is not anxious to he thought a flat, will steer clear of, as they havo not a ghost of a chanco of winning anything. The next is that tempting game to inexperienced people, called Under and Over, tho requisite stock-in-trade for which is a tub, a bit of board, a piece of chalk, a dice , box, dice, and a good " bonnet ¡" but your fair readers (if you hare any) must not suppose that 1 mean a com* plicated mystery of lace and flowers, but a seedy block* guard who tempts bystanders into joining the game, Now, putting n shilling on under, if 2, 3, 4, 5, or G como up you win, otherwise tUe propriétaire of the table pockets your bob. Now. there aro exactly 36 chances on two dice, out of which there aro G itt favour of throwing seven, which leaves 30, half of which is fifteen, so that, in backing under or over thero aro 15 and 6, making 21 chances, to your 15, or 7 to 5 against you, To make the game fair, tho propriétaire should lay one and ninepence to one and threepenco each time. When you back soven, he should lay firo instead of three to one. Now these little adds do not seem much, but they would enable ono of these men to break oven tho Bank of Eng. jand in time, lot alono a young fellow out for a day's p leosure. Tho othor game I wish to call attention to is tho spin liing jenny,a table profusely decorated with invaluable Brummagem articles displayed on it, cightor nine colours with a revolving arrow, and, if you are lucky enough to havo your penny on tho colour, at which the arrow rests, you can have an article or sixpence, tho croupier taking your stake, so that, willi nine colours you get Gre to one when tho fair thing should bo eight. I was rather dis- gusted with the ponetration of the Penrith people, who, on Boxing Day, put down threepence on n tablo with eight colours, in tho hope of winning a shilling, thus getting three instead of soven to one, or loss than half tho proper odds. Merveille, is just as bad, and I am sorry to seo a lot of loafers getting a living, and a good living too, out of peoplb who will play with tho odds against them. If any of those young mon wore asked to give a strangsr 50 yards start in a hundred, they would quickly refuse, but they will play at games with moro odds against theta than tho fifty yards start. If the chances in favour ot the tablo were even 15 to li I would not mind, as a min on a holiday, may be pardoned for blueing a little money but nono but greenhorns will play with 2 to 1 against them. Fancy your own feelings if a cheeky individual was to enter your sanctum, and offer to toss you sixpence or nothing for ono of your papers. I guess he would hare to moko a speedy exit. FAIRPLAY. I 