I THE METROPOLIS. ] Adelaide, September 5. | Tuesday has come and gone. All the big guns in the Assembly have fired off their speeches for or against Mr Hay's motion; the division has been' taken, and Mr Hay has found himself in a minority of seven. Personally this is said to be a; great disappointment to him, as previous to Tues- ■ day he had been flattering himself with the hope | of proving too much for Mr Grlyde. To disinterested spectators it is quite as near an approach to success as he could have expected. Though the division-list appears small, the division itself was very large, as there are five pairs to be taken into account, making the two sides 20 and 13 respectively, and the total members voting 33. What j meaning should be attached to the division is a j problem for all concerned. Does it pledge the I House only against Mr Hay's own scheme, or; against any future change whatever P I believe if the negative votes could be classified there would be some found to rank under each of these three heads. A few ultra-Conservatives, like Mr Everard, would oppose any change, especially in a liberal direction. A great many recognise the necessity of a change, but do not chose to incur, the responsibility of making it during a third session. Others who might have supported a motion for immediate action in the matter fought shy of Mr Hay because of the scheme with which he identified his motion. At least seven- eighths of the debate was directed against deferred payments; but it is possible that the country does not want deferred payments at all, so that seven-eighths of the debate may have been a mere fighting with shadows. The episode as a whole will have very little effect on the question at issue, bayond stimulating the agitation out of doors, and showing it what points to direct itself against. The country has heard the opinions of its representatives, and can say how far they accord with its own. It would have been better, certainly, if the Government had patriotically introduced a scheme which would have brought a little order out of the prevailing chaos may shape itself into manageable form. A new land bill is to be the cry of next elections, but before then much has to be done towards deciding the nature of the reform that is most needed. It is observable in the recent debate that honourable members are very unanimous as to the defects of the present system, but on everything else they are very much at variance. They will not even accept any uniform proof of the defects alleged. Mr Hay lays a great deal of stress on the G-erman exodus, but Mr Glyde on behalf of the Government pooh-poohs that; he considers the exodus to be greatly exaggerated, and the little of it which may .be real to be attributed to special causes. This is one important preliminary point to settle, but it is not the most essential. AU who have watched the growth of the present outcry must know that so far from the exodus having instigated it, it was audible Ioe^ before the sound of the G-erman waggons crossing the border. If anyone in particular is responsible for raising it it is the farmers clubs of the North and South-East. For the last two years they have been discussing the question—sometimes very practically, as at Smithfield, theoretically, as at Mount Gambier, and at other times very dogmatically as at Freeling. Credit to whom credit is due—these clubs have raised the land cry in connection with special subjects which ought to be considered if the true meaning of the cry is to be recognised. In the opinion or rather in the experience of the eminent agriculturists who direct these clubs, the present land system does not give sufficient encouragement to the kind of agriculture which would be most beneficial both to the farming interest and to the colony. They say that to farm profitably they must have large enough areas of land to admit of fallowing and of greater variety of produce. At present there are two obstacles to the attainment of their wishes—the smallness of the blocks offered for sale, and the excessive price they are made to pay for them through the competition of land-jobbers. This is the sum and substance of the large farmer s complaint. He is hemmed in in his present holding, and he cannot go out into the open country without running the gauntlet of artificial competition in the land office. He asks that land on the outside districts may be surveyed in such a manner as to enable him to .select a using a power which accident has thrust into his hands, but a continuation of such accidents ought If possible to be prevented. In contrast to the squatter the farmer appears worse off in every respect than he was at first. His freehold is rendered less valuable through the loss of commonage, and at the same time it is much more difficult to extend. He has degenerated from a real farmer into a wheat- grower—from a yeoman mto a cottier. Can the yeoman, over whose corpse we so glorify our land system, not be restored to life ? That is the question which has been raised at Smithfield and Mount Gambier, and which Mr Hay has rather indistinctly echoed in the House of Assembly. Can he be enabled to acquire more commonage, or can the extension of his freehold be facilitated so as to let him dispense with commonage ? ^ There are two courses recommended— one affecting the freehold and the other the leasehold. Some say cut up the nearest runs into small blocks for grazings; others are for surveying the outer area of agricultural land in large blocks suitable for mixed fanning. The latter appears to be the popular plan with the agriculturists themselves, and on the whole it might be easier carried out. If Mr Hay had started from this clear point instead of going all abroad with the German waggons, he would have had some chance of carrying his motion. Mr Hay having fought his battle and lost it, the opinions of the victorious party must overshadow those of the vanquished. The Government were not able to ignore altogether the necessity of reform, nor was it safe to confess that they had no policy on the subject. The Commissioner of Crown Lands professed a personal partiality for valuation of land before sale, and a graduated upset price ranging from £1 to £3 an acre. Set his speech alongside the new Land Bill proposed by Mr Martin, of New South Wales, and you have the two extremes of the land reform policy. One assumes that waste land ought to be disposed of on the same principle as sugar is sold over a counter, with the most fastidious respect to quality, trade marks, and the law of supply and demand. The other invites all mankind to come and settle on his broad acres, to sow and reap, to multiply and increase, to push back the squatters and pay their own price for their land at their own proper convenience. It is often a subject of complaint at home that politics are monotonous, and all politicians alike in their opinioas. As long as the land question remains open there will be no such slur to cast on Australian statesmen. From deferred payments to auction sales, with an upset price pf £3 an acre, there is room for great variety of opinion. Starting from the jGraachians' extreme we may see that easy terms have in every case complicated the difficulty instead of solving'it. Starting again from the Conservative extreme we find that it cannot be maintained without injustice to a large producing interest, and possibly permanent damage to the colony. If a middle course can be pointed out by which, without risking a prodigal waste of the public estate, bona fide agriculturists could have facilities for. extending their operations, such would be the land system for South Australia. It has been proved that no benefit can result from reducing the standard price of Crown land nor from modifying the tenure. The agriculturists might combine to a man for freeholds at twenty shillings an acre, but out of regard, to the value of the land they have already bought they should hesitate before accepting a more liberal alteration. The problem of the present day is a mere reproduction of what presented itself to Wakefield at the foundation of the colony—how to supply settlers with freeholds at a pound an acre. It was against his advice that the auction system was accepted; he would have thrown the whole colony open to free selection from the first. But original advocates of the appeal to auction did not intend it to supersede free selection. It was only a secondary principle to be called into exercise when the first failed. When simultaneous applications were made for the same allotment, the easiest mode of deciding who should get it was to expose it to competition among the applicants. All such difficulties are so settled under the Free Selection Act of New South Wales. The difference in one case is that preliminary application is dispensed with, and the Competition is made general instead of special. Mr Strangways has inherited this tradition about free selection being the fundamental principle of our land system as it is. In his brilliant speech in the debate on Mr Hay's motion he explained the two leading features of his Crown lands policy to be that the > surveys should be kept considerably in advance of settlement, and that any person possessed of £100 should be entitled to 100 acres of land provided no other person offered more than a pound an acre at auction. These two provisions properly observed would, in his opinion, give free selection at £1 an acre. In other words, Mr Strangways believes in free selection at a pound an acre, with an appeal to auction for the sake of those who may wish to pay more. If the auction^ system were perfect it might produce the mathematical distribution of justice here aimed at, but being imperfect it causes far more injustice than it prevents. A person goes to the trouble and expense of selecting a section, then he has to wait to for weeks or months till this section is put up auction in Adelaide ; he has to face land-jobbers j and speculators, who will take advantage of his j evident anxiety to obtain the land to fleece him ' of bonuses or to run him up beyond the pricc at i which he can cultivate it. Perhaps he loses it■ and has to go through another weary course of j searching, waiting, and fighting for life in the Land Office—all for what ? That the average i price obtained by Government on its annual sales j may be 22s 6d an acre instead of the bare pound. Lest there should be in some part of the colony a prospective land-purchaser willing to give a j shilling an acre more for the same allotment, s If this ^ person had also selected the land and made simultaneous application for it, there could be no objection to letting them compete, but i until he has asserted his rights there can be no suitable block, and sold in such a way as to give liim a lair chance of securing it at a moderate price. ^ Every one, from the ghost of the Pastoral Association to the ghost of the Industrial League, admits that there is reason in his demand. A Select Committee of the Souse of Assembly have reported in its favour, and the principal evidence on which they grounded their recommendation was that of the Surveyor-General. If it were distinctly set before Parliament and a practicable solution suggested, there would not bet, a voice raised against it. Mr Hay's motion is understood to be an attempt of this kind, though from the transcendent vagaries with which it is stated, it seems now likely to complicate than to solve the difficulty. Already the Assembly has been decoyed by Mr Olyde's abstract condemnation of deferred payments, and leasing clauses far away from the question at issue. The Government through Mr Glyde have peremptorily refused what Mr Hay never asked for, and have given no answer to what he really asked. If the Smithfield Club may be taken as' a true exponent of the farmers' wishes, they want nothing more than we have explained above. They have said nothing about deferred payments, unless to repudiate them; and Mr Hay's scheme, though it may appear to trench on the deferred payment principle, is in one respect very different. As put forward 'in the interest of the large farmers, who desire not only to inprove their own condition but also the agricultural system of the colony, it deserves a more impartial hearing than has been given to it by the Government. The reform wanted does not necessitate any revolutionary alteration of the land system, but rather an extension of it to new circumstances. The country, waking up from its dream of eighty acre prosperity, finds itself in possession of a class of agriculturists who have outgrown the present system of agriculture ; also of a class of land which, while too remote for wheat-growing, is too valuable for mere wool-growing, and might well be devoted to an intermediate purpose. If the two new elements can be brought together there will arise a higher form of agriculture, whose benefits will be felt by Adelaide beefeaters in particular. The best. pro.of that the reform here indicated is a necessary one, and that the desire for it has a substantial basis is the analogous movements which are being made in the other colonies. The want of a more progressive system of land-settlement is not felt in South Australia aione, for at present all three of our eastern neighbours—Victoria; New South Wales, and Queensland—are undertaking fresh land legislation. So far from the alleged exodus to Albury proving that the outcry of our farmers is due to merely local or temporary causes, there is an unsettled feeling in the agricultural mind everywhere, characteristic of a general transition. Compare our so-called yeomanry, with their expensive freeholds, to the squatters, with their pheap leaseholds, aud it will be seen that there is a ^tep wanting in the industrial scale. ' Contrast the runs within thirty miles of Clare, of Kapunda, of Mount Gambier, and other townships, with the eighty acre sections that surround them and say if the boundaiy between the agricultural and pastoral areas is riot rather narrow. Consider the size of the respective holdings, the one measured by square mitos and the other by square feet, and then decide if room might not be very advantageously made for intermediate holdings to suit an intermediate class of capitalists. Squatting has become a fixed institution in Australia, and perhaps always will be so in certain districts. It professes great readiness to recede when land is wanted for agriculture, but at the last moment there is always an excuse found for resistance. The eighty acre man in vain puts shoulder to the behemoth,—his pushing only gives it a firmer hold on the land. He requires a longer lever to work with, and more room to work in. Let an intermediate area be defined——say in the North, from Clare and the Surra to Mount Remarkable, in which he may have special facilities for increasing his holding as his capital increases. Then he will be able to hold his own against the large capitalist and to protect his weaker brethren who follow in his wake. Each having its peculiar wants supplied, the jealousy and antagonism, which now prevail between the two existing classes of landholders would die out. From all this talk about landjobbers and - the German exodus no possible good can result unless we remember that, the tendency of the age is toward a readjustment of relations between the squatters and the farmer. Even the supporters of the present land system must confess the necessity of this, for to realise it would be only to .restore the original position from which we started. The farmers of ten years ago were almost on an equality with the squatters by reason of the extensive commonage they enjoyed. The tide of settlement as it washed up to them produced very different effects on the two cases. The squatter was gradually deprived of his cheap leasehold, but he had only to go farther out and select another, which in a short time becaixi/e as valuable as the first- Meanwhile he had acquired wealth and influence, which gave him a choice of the country whenever he wished to change his tenure to freehold. The farmer, on the other hand, j while he lost his extensive commonage, was tied down to his small freehold, and even if he could have left it, every year it became more difficult to obtain another. The auction system has rendered this competition very unfair to the former, and proof of it is shown in the horror the squatter manifests at the idea of his leases being brought to the hammer. Ten years of ra ?id settlement have resulted in the squatter becoming lord of the soil; whether he wishes to lease or, purchase he has everywhere a kind of mysterious priority. As an individual he is not to be blamed for injustice done in disregarding them. Forcing a selector to run the gauntlet of open competition before he can derive any advantage from the time and trouble he has expended is a parody on free selection. The mere fact of selection , gives him a prior claim to that of the general public, and it ought to pass for as much as the probable willingness of an unknown competitor to pay a ' shilling an acre more for the land selected* 