Tiie session of Parliament has begun most hope fully 1 "Within one week of its commencement there have been displays of the bitterness of past days, the samei nclination to fritter away time by useless and verbose debates, and an un measured indulgence in those colloquial vulgari ties that ill become the proceedings of the highest deliberative body in the colony. The Govern ment must rest under the accusation of having been the first to provoke a warfare that might at least have been postponed. In assuming a position tbat would have added nothing to their strength, they challenged the indignation not only of such opposition as may be organised, but also of members who would have been inclined to give them their support. In the appointment of sessional committees, a desire was shown on the part of the Government to usurp a large propor tion of power, and instead of these committees being balloted for, the Premier proposed tbat the IIoti3e should consent to bis nomination. The name of Mr. Hart on one committee, and that of Mr. Macpherson on another had been omitted, although these gentlemen bad served on them for many years. The motive tbat actuated the Government in thus slighting these two honour able members may well be conceived by those who remember the part they took in the discus sion on the Public Schools Bill. It was neither politic nor creditable to the Government thus early to show their temper as to the past ; and whatever amount of factious opposition may be offered to them during the session it -will be a wholesale lesson to them to reflect upon their own conduct on the very second day after the meeting of Parliament. The course of action we have alluded to was followed up in spirit by ail attempt to displace Mr. Garrett from the chair manship of committees, an office he had held for three successive sessions and the duties of which the leader of the Government acknowledged he had discharged with impartiality and ability. The only alleged grounds against his re-election were, first, that he was a very active and energetic politician, allied to 'the party opposed to the present Government-; and, secondly, that the language he had used at public meetings was in compatible with the dignity of his ofiico. To entertain the opinion that Mr. Garrett is a poli tical pariizan when engaged in the conflicts com mon to all energetio politicians, and to admit that when presiding over the whole House in com- rait'tee he discharges his duties with unchallenged impartiality, is awarding to him the highest possible praise that could be bestowed. If it was tho opinion of the Government that Mr. Garrett did not, out of doors, maintain the dignity which they be lieved was a proper appurtenance of bis office, it would have been much more consistent with im- \- partial considerations to have endeavoured to dis place him on the first opportunity after they met Parliament. But thero were less worthy motives floating as it were on the very surface of these proceedings. As an independent member, Mr. Garrdt exercised liis undoubted right to express liis opinion of the present Government in any language he liked-; he had an equally undoubted right to use every energy and all the influence he possessed to prevent the return of Mr. Renny, and secure tbat of Mr. Burdekin. The Government inferred no other objection to the re- election of Mr. Garrett than is included in these acts of his. As regards the dignity of the office, it is certainly one in which much coufidence is re posed ; it is an honour to hold it, and much more so when it has been held for three sessions with the approbation of the entire House. But it is not so dignified an office as that held by Mr. Speaker. The Speaker of the House is the final court of appeal in all matters of order and privi lege, and while the House is in committee the authority of the Speaker is merely in abeyance, while, on the other band, when not in committee, there is no recognition of that of the Chairman. The narrow majority by which Mr. Garrett was elected to the chair lias been indifferently con sidered. By some it has been regarded as a triumph to the Ministerial party, and by others as a defeat. For our parts, we can regard it in neither of these lights. The issue was brought about by combinations irrespective of party, and the most careful examination of the division lists can lead to no other conclusion. However, the question was not worth hazarding, unless the Ministry were confident of being in possession of a considerable majority. It was a test as to how far their influence as a Government would secure them support on a motion tbat partook more of a per sonal than of a political character. As there was no principle involved, except that of party, it is probable that many who might have voted with the Government, if it had been otherwise, felt a distaste at displacing an officer of the House upon realty no public grounds whatever. It was cer tainly an unwise proceeding on the part of Mr. Martin and bis colleagues to challenge disunion on bo trivial a matter, and they have learnt by so doiDg that they are not so strong as they probably thought they were. Parliament closed the first week of the session in a manner not very credit able to its intelligence or respectability. Since the inhabitants of Argyle have had a share in the councils of the colony they have, until the present time, been fortunate enough to be represented by gentlemen, sometimes men of emirteht-ability, but always of irreproachable character and respectable conduct. We can call to- mind the names of Mr. Bradley, Mr. Faithfull, Sir Charles Nicholson, the Hon. Terence Aubrey Murray, the late Mf. Deniehy, and Mr. Samuel Cmanuel, as connected with the present constituency, but in some evil hour the electors lost all honour for their traditions in connection with the legislature, and sent- their present representative to Parlia ment. Mr. Dignam's career as a legislator needs no criticism at our hands ; it is quite sufficient for all purposes to let Argyle's representative speak for himself, and in order that he may do so, we subjoin from tho Sydney Morning Herald as successful an attempt as could be made to report verbatim the eiordium of a speech which this member addressed to the House just before the close of its sitting ou Friday afternoou : — " Mr. Speaker, tho hon. member for Central Cumberland has got so infatuated that he harks at any bite, and shows his nose at anything like a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing. Mr. Speaker, that the hon. member is not to be held. You can't get him nt anything. What nm I to do P I am a Government supporter because, forsooth, I ask you, knowing the state in which you havo been sweated there, in thnt chair, and seeing the way they are going on with him! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here he is ; be- cnuso, forsooth, I ask a question ho turns round and says. I'm one of the Government rags : ono of the Government tripe coves — bullock and lights, or anything else. He wants to make a mass of muck of my name. I do not caro for the Govern ment or him. 1 am such a sort of infatuated fool that I don't care for myself or anybody else. In this question I was not advised nor was I requested by the Government to take the question of the vacant House or the want of members, but when I see a man like that is, that wants to have his eye- teeth drawn out, or cut out. or something else, and put into a stato of being civilised, or sodiething of this kind, why, any hon. member ns feels his- dignity hurt by the way in which this man is run ning down, goring and running'in— fine thorough bred fellows — we aro obliged to put him out — obliged to do it, nnd I think I am doing my duty in just stopping his gjib. Tho hon. member who moved tho motion; thero is no member in this House. Mr. Speaker, so fond. I believe, of himself, as he is. Ho knows it; and I accuse him although' he is the Government outside man. But still what does he want to do with tho Governor ? Leave him alone Leave Sir John alone. Why. bless my soul ! He's got a card or somebody else hns to a feed. Anybody that'll give a feed, leave him alone— that's what I say. But theso people who used to be, John knows where, — (its very well for him to gammon to he asleep) they never used to givo a feed. You know that, Mr. Speaker, as well ns I do.'' If the character of Parliament is to be maintain ed, no one can excuse such stuttered and discon nected utterances at any period of the night, much less at the supposed sober hour of half-past five in the afternoon. Whatever steps the Assembly may take in respect of such conduct it is clear that the electors of Argyle have but one duty to perform. 