MR. MARTIN AT DENILIQUIN. At a" dinner to the representatives of the Govern- ment," at Deniliquin, on the 18th instant, in replying to the toast of his health, proposed in very compli- mentary terms by the Chairman. Mr. Martin said be disclaimed the merits attributed to him. Although he and his colleague had that even- ing been received as representatives of the Ministry, he did not desire that such manifestation should have any political significance. He would be sorry, if elsewhere exception should he made to it. He would rather that the proceedings should be considered somewhat similar to the compliments paid annually to the English Ministry in the city of London. On his part he attri- buted the feelings with which the toast had been received to their loyalty to the public institutions of the colony rather than to individuals. Reference had been made to the Border duties ; with regard to the abolition of these he did not desire to have his services particularly referred to, and for this reason :—That had it not been for him they would never have been imposed. The speaker then briefly referred to the circumstances through which their imposition was brought about, and stated that this became neces- sary because Victoria had possessed herself of re- venue which properly belonged to this colony. Although the people of these districts were commercially connected with Victoria, it should be re- membered they were residents of this colony, and as the Executive was responsible for the safe custody of property and life, that Executive was entitled to receive the revenue derived from those whom it was bound to protect. Mr. Martin then referred to the negotiations which had proceeded in 1864, by which it was sought to evade the necessity referred to, and observed that all these failed simply because Victoria thought the residents of these districts were so thoroughly connected with her as to render im- practicable any efforts New South Wales might adopt to obtain that which she was clearly entitled to. Hence arose the necessity of showing that such was possible, and the only way to do that was to place the custom-houses on the Border, and these had not been so placed till Victoria had refused to come to terms. When that was effected a state of things occurred which had been anticipated, and the Melbourne Government had been compelled, in order to carry on their trade, to send goods to the Murray in bond. Of course he knew, and all knew, that a long train of evils had followed in the Border country in conse- quence of the duties being imposed. The Govern- ment had not been insensible to these, and the moment that it had been an opportunity for the settlement, had availed itself of it; and he and his colleague had entered into negotiations to bring the knotty question to an issue. Regarding the pro- ceedings of the recent conference in Melbonrne, all had been conducted in an amicable spirit, and respecting the arrangement made, however it might be viewed either in Sydney or Melbourne, it would, he was sure, be received with satisfaction among those whom he was then addressing. On the 1st of next month Victoria would pay to New South Wales the moneys proved to have been received by her during the period of Mr. Cowper's negotiations. No duties would be levied on goods passing from either Victoria or New South Wales. This arrangement not only referred to goods but also to stock. That would pass without charge. It had been recently stated that a large number of Vic- torian legislators were favourable, to putting a tax on stock going into that colony, and that a considerable number of Victorian squatters too were quite prepared to do all they could to effect this. Now although New South Wales might have done much against Victoria had this been brought about—almost in fact have made her Echuca railway useless, still all that would not have prevented the tax on stock inflicting on them a most serious injury. Hence they had insisted on this portion of the arrangement. Other features were— that New South Wales gave up nothing of her jurisdic- tion on the Murray, nor her right to deal with South Australia. If they chose to deal with that colony they could still do so ; and if with advantage, why then the abolition of customs for the next five years on the Border, by which they would be able to get their goods either from Melbourne or from Adelaide, must be a gain, and tend greatly to develope the country in which they lived. Other matters had been referred to by their Chairman, and among them that of a railway. He (Mr. Martin) was quite prepared to admit that no colony was justified in favouring inequality in administration. They were all the same people, and those shut out from the sea- board were entitled to complain if any impediments were put in the way of their communicating with it. No impediments to such works could be placed rightly. He willingly admitted that. But if the question were put to him whether the Government ought to be put to expense for such constructions—that was another thing. They must remember that the country was large, and the interests of different parts scarcely identical. There was the north and the west wanting railways, and he scarcely thought a railway from Deniliquin to Echuca was one of those works that could be undertaken without the consent of other colonists. He was bound to say that, although it might not be palatable. In Sydney, of course, they would much rather construct the railway from that part in this direction than seek to connect this portion still closer with Victoria. What might happen in five years no one could tell—perhaps the railway might be then near Wagga Wagga. Reference had been made to a post-office. The pre- sent one was certainly not creditable for a place which was the centre of so much business. They ought to have one, and he had no hesitation in saying that when the Government had secured the £60,000 a year on account of the duties, they would be entitled to have a fair share of that sum expended on them ; and they might be assured that there was no disposition to de- fraud them of that. Travelling over the country had been of great assistance to him ; he and Mr. Isaacs had learned a great deal in consequence. Both had had for some time something to do with " squatting actions," but until now they had really known very little about pastoral matters. He had now clearly rea- lised the fact that a large portion of the territory was only fit for pastoral purposes, as the climate would not allow of agriculture being pursued. He believed it was only on streams or in a few favoured spots that such could be carried on with profit, and that a large portion of the country must always be devoted to stock. He did not believe in any antago- nism between squatting and agriculture. He regretted to see that antagonism increasing in Victoria, but had noticed that in this colony, in many large towns it was dying out. The wealth of a country depended on its products, and no class had produced more than the squatting. He did not say that because he wished to see one class favoured at the expense of the rest of the community; but he was not desirous of legislation being carried on for the purpose of grinding a class down, because a few among them had been very fortu- nate. They were aware that the Government had intended to introduce an alteration of the existing land laws. That would be introduced next session (cheers), hut they did not intend to do away with what had been done in the way of free selection, or greatly to alter the law ; but such changes as they thought the country and the present law required they were determined to intro- duce. Mr. Martin concluded amidst cheers by express- ing his belief that the great body of the Legislature was desirous of doing jnstice between squatters and all other classes. DEATHS IN THE BUSH.—Two deaths in the bush have been reported in town during the week. On Wednesday intelligence was sent in that the remains of a man had been found at Houlighan's Creek, on the track between Cowarby and Eunonyhareenyah. Yesterday Mr. Forsyth, accompanied by sub-inspector Meares and Dr Morgan, proceeded to the spot. A magisterial inquiry was partially held before the former gentleman, and then adjourned until to-day for the production of further evidence. A post mortem examination was made by Dr. Morgan, who gave it as his opinion that the unfortunate deceased had perished from thirst. Death had apparently taken place about three weeks ago. Three shillings were found in his trousers pocket, and a note from a man named Birch, asking for some tobacco to be sent to him. A billy and pint pot were found near the body, which was lying some little way from the creek. The remains were interred near the spot where they were found — The second body was found close to O'Donnell's free selec- tion at Junee. The same gentlemen we have named above, proceeded thither yesterday, and a magisterial inquiry was partially heard and also adjourned till to- day. The deceased was seen to pass Leitch's waterhole on Tuesday or Wednesday last ; on the evening of the first mentioned day, a man was seen by O'Donnell's boy near this place, and was taken by him to be a ghost. The deceased was a grey headed old man, between fifty and sixty years of age. According to the evidence of Dr. Morgan, death had been caused by serous apoplexy. When discovered the body was clothed with a pair of trousers, but no shirt. Upon hearing of the occurrence, Mr. Rusch had the remains conveyed to his station, where they have been since interred.—Wagga Wagga Express. CATTLE STEALING ; THE POLICE RESISTED, AND A SETTLER SHOT.—Late on Wednesday night some ex- citement was created in town by a report that a man named Douglas McGregor, formerly landlord of the Bridge Hotel, in this town, but now a settler on the Junee road, had been shot by the police in resisting his apprehension for cattle-stealing. The facts of the case appear to have been, as nearly as possible, as follows:— " In consequence of information obtained, sergeant Carroll had received instructions to watch the premises of a man named Thomas Cartwright, re- siding about two and a half miles from North Wagga Wagga, as it was supposed stolen cattle were slaughtered there. On the evening above men- tioned, in pursuance of those instructions, the sergeant started off, constable McLaughlin having preceded him a little earlier on the same errand. Between 8 and 9 p.m., as he neared the place, he met the constable, who said that he believed a beast had been killed, as he had heard a shot fired. They then both rode down a bush yard, adjoining Cartwright's stock-yard, and there saw a beast recently killed, and Thomas Cart- wright junr., and Douglas McGregor standing over it with knives in their hands. McLaughlin called to them to put their knives down, which Cartwright did, but McGregor bolted into the stock- yard, and sergeant Carroll dismounted and followed him, calling to McLaughlan to look after the other man. McGregor brandished his knife over his head as the sergeant advanced, who told him that if he at- tempted to use his weapon he would fire. Upon getting to close quarters, and McGregor still using the knife threateningly, the sergeant fired low, but without effect. McGregor then jumped forward with the knife, and the sergeant fired again, also without effect. Upon this McGregor's wife rushed between her husband and the sergeant, and caught hold of the latter, whose pistol was still cocked. In making a slight blow with the side of it, in order to get rid of the woman, the pistol accidently exploded close to her face, but without inflicting any injury. McGregor upon this made a spring at the sergeant, and he fired for the third time, upon which McGregor twisted round with an oath. The sergeant thought he was wounded, and would sur- render, but was rather astonished to see him turn and run off apparently unhurt. At this moment McLaugh- lin came riding up with young Cartwright, and being thus better prepared for a chase, he left his prisoner with the sergeant, who handcuffed him after some slight show of resistance. McLaughlin in the meantime caught up to McGregor, who was run- ning with his shoes off, and dodging behind the bushes to elude pursuit. The constable called upon him to surrender, but every time he approached him he made a blow at him with the knife, which he was still carrying. His wife also came run- ning up, and aided nor flying husband by throwing sticks at the officer, who had repeatedly to duck his head to avoid being struck. McLaughlin did not wish to shoot, and therefore kept follow- ing his man and trying to secure him. After travelling about a mile in this way, he told McGregor that if he attempted to use the knife again he would certainly fire, and on the latter making another blow at him, he raised his pistol and fired. The man fell, but was up again in an instant and again attempted to stab the constable, who drew, his horse quickly on one side and escaped. McGregor then sent his wife away to- wards the house for something, and the constable thinking that he might be attacked by others, told McGregor he would shoot him if he did not surrender. He defied him to apprehend him, and after another summons, McLaughlin fired, and wounded him severely. His wife then came running back, and finding he was hurt he gave himself up, and returned with the constable. Upon getting to the stockyard a doctor was sent for, and McGregor was placed in a cart and sent towards Wagga Wagga. Doctor Morgan met him on the road, and returned with him to town and dressed his wounds. He has been slightly grazed upon the right arm and across the abdomen, it is believed by the same shot. Another shot entered his right side, above the hip bone, and after passing through the muscles of the back came out upon the opposite side, and was found in his trousers. He is now in the lock-up with his wife, who has since been apprehended, but he is not believed to be dangerously wounded. Cartwright was brought up at the Police-court on the following morning, but little evidence was taken, and he was remanded until this day, in order that McGregor and his wife may be brought up with him. Too much praise cannot be accorded to the police for their conduct throughout this affair. The sergeant never attempted to seriously hurt McGregor when attacked by him with the knife, but only endeavoured to intimidate him by firing at his legs ; and McLaughlin, also, though he would have been justified in shooting him from the first, exercised the greatest forbearance, though savagely attacked, and never used his pistol until he had fol- lowed him for a mile, and found that he would escape altogether if he was not disabled. The slaughtered beast is believed to be one of Mr. Rand's, of Oura ; but, as the brand was cut out, even when the police first rode up, and that gentleman has not yet arrived in town, it has not yet been positively identified.— Wagga Wagga Express. DINNER TO THE PREMIER AND OTHERS.—A public dinner, hastily got up, was given to the Hon. James Martin; the Solicitor-General, Mr. Isaacs; and Sir Willing Manning. It was intended to invite the Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Eagar, but he did not come to Deniliquin. The dinner was held at Taylor's Royal Hotel, and was served up in good style. There were about forty gentlemen present. George Peppin, Esq., J.P., presided, and Dr. Wren, J.P, occupied the vice- chair. Mr. Isaacs spoke in his usually happy style, and Mr. Martin delivered an excellent speech, as also did Sir William Manning. We feel assured that the visit of the Premier, as well as the other members of the Sydney Bar, will be attended with good results to Riverina, as when men high in office and high in public opinion have seen our country, they cannot well be mistaken as to its peculiar requirements.—Pastoral Times. SUDDEN DEATHS.—We are sorry to have to record several sudden deaths, at Hay, within the last week or so, and which are all to be attributed to the excessive heat of the weather, as the exciting cause, more or less. Mrs. Angel and her child died on Wednesday, of scarlet fever, while Mr. Angol is lying dangerously ill. John Leidwidge, a youth, is also dangerously ill there. Mr. George Lane, tutor to Mr. Matthew Palmer's children, was taken to Hay on Sunday, and died immediately he was removed from the buggy. Charles Dolley, for many years overseer at Messrs. Tyson's station, died in a waggon, four miles back of Wanganella, on Monday. Deceased was upwards of eighty years of age, and was on his way to London, from the Lachlan, to see his family. He had walked from Hay, having, unfortunately exhausted his means, which he spent, or lost (about £50) on the road. Mr. Prendergast, sen., kindly drove poor Dolley to Hay, and there Prendergast was taken ill, and was given over by the doctor, and expired on Monday last. We fear that these are only the forerunners of others of a like nature that we shall have to record, of deaths, or attacks, to be chiefly attributed to the excessive heat of the weather, the thermometer having been 116 degrees in the shade ; and the wind, when we had it, was as hot as though it came out of a fiery furnace.—Pastoral Times. DEATH FROM ANIMAL POISON.—A very melancholy occurrence occurred at the Old Pipeclay last week. A man of the name of Kulz, a German, died from the effects of animal poison absorbod into his system. It seems that a drover passing through with a mob of cattle lost one of the number, the animal dropping dead on the road. Kutz got the animal for the sake of its hide and tallow, and, with the assistance of three other men, skinned the beast. Kutz had an abrasion of the skin on his wrist at the time, and the inference is that at this part the poison was first inoculated into his body. He felt little effects for a day or so, when his arm commenced swelling under the glands of the armpit. Dr. Moreton was called in, and did what he could for the poor man, but he died from prostration in about three days. The disease appears to have been very singular in some respects. When Dr. Moreton scarified the glands under the arm, the patient obtained some temporary relief, but no matter exuded from the puncture, but simply a kind of black frothy substance. The arm did not swell at all, but the seat of the swelling was en- tirely in the side, neck, and under the shoulder. Death was free from pain, and the unfortunate man sank from sheer exhaustion. The other men who assisted Kutz are more or less affected, and two are now in the local hospital, but are expected to recover. Report says that several fowls, two dogs, and a cat, all died from eating the diseased meat. The bullock, when slaughtered, was very much diseased in what is termed the melt and in one of the kidneys. The whole of the tallow also showed signs of great internal inflammation. An idea is prevalent that the animal died from Cumberland disease, but as far as our experience goes, neither the symptoms appearing in the animal or the death of Kutz at all favour the conjecture.—Western Post. 