THE GHOST AT BEECHOYER HALL. " I have no hesitation, Captain Arden, in assert ing that you are an infidel and a heretic." Miss' Dampier preferred this grave charge against me solely because I had expressed an utter disbelief in spiritual manifestations. The attack was made in the long drawing-room at Beecliover Hall, where a large party were gathered round the old-fashioned fire-place; and never did the "jolly dogs" which supported the blazing wood, grin upon a pleasanter circle — at least, I thought so. My brother officer, Jack Beresford, and myself were, I believe, the only members of the party who could not claim ties of kindred with either Sir Harry or Lady Dampier ; and both of us were earnestly desirous of enrolling our names amoDgst their connections, for Jack was as much in love with Laura as I was with Ethel Dampier. Ethel was the eldest by a year, though she was usually taken for the younger, her sister's style of beauty being of a statelier order and her manner more composed. Ethel was all life and animation, and her eyes spoke moro than her lips.' Her hair, of that peculiar shade called by our neighbours " brun cendre," seemed a very burden to her, for great rolls were constantly slipping out at wrong places, and bringing blushes to her cheeks as she tried to push the rebels back. Her figure was perfect, though small, and every movement had a nameless grace of its own. Laura was taller, and her presence more commanding ; her hair and eyes, too, were darker. By many she was thought the hand somest ; but she wanted that provoking fascina tion, which Ethel possessed — .it least, I thought so; probably Jack was of a different opinion. The " season" for both of us was unusually pleasant, and passed more quickly than ever; but the regret that came with its close was mitigated by an invitation to Beecliover, Sir Harry's0 country place. The invitation pleased us all the more because it seemed to indicate that Sir Harry did not .'disapprove of our attentions to his 'daughters, and that tho young ladies had no particular aversion to their admirers. In London, our intercourse had not gone further than the limits of flirtation, and neither. of us felt sure that it would.ever be permitted to outstep those bounds. This was the state of affairs when we found ourselves at Christmas under the same roof with the objects of our affections. Shouts of laughter of course hailed Miss Dampier's attack upon my incredulity. " Did you ever see a ghost?" I retorted. "I am thankful to say." she answered, " that I can believe without seeing ; but . as you are not gifted with the same amount of faith, I only hope you may be con vinced by ocular demonstration." " There is nothing I should like better," I replied. " Let us advertise for a ghost; but perhaps, Miss Dampier, you, have one on the premises, which will save U9 the trouble." " Of course we have. Did you ever hear of a' respectable family that had.-not? It is only your nobodies who are ghostless." "I should have said that it was your no bodies who are ghosts." " For shame, Captain Arden ! I did not think you would condescend to a pun', and such a one 1" " I will try and blush, if you will only tell us all about this family ghost. I hope it is a female, and young and pretty, if I am to make its acquaint ance." " I shall not waste my breath upon an unbeliever ; you would only laugh at me and my story." " Give me the chance, Miss Dumpier. Think what a triumph it would be if you wero to convert me. I promise to do my best to believe. Indeed I will if I can. So, pray tell us all about your ghost." " Do tell U3, Ethel," echoed a chorus of pretty cousins. After a little more pressing Miss Dampier complied with our request, and told her tale so well, that I should only spoil it hy attempting to repeat its words. It was the stereotyped ghost story. There were rustling silks heard in tho corridors ; the wearer was deadly pale, and was dressed in a Court costume (why is it that ghosts are always dressed for Court?) The only thing which gave this ghost any individuality was, that though her silks were often heard, she was only seen on Christmas- eve, and that on those occasions she carried a baby in her arms to the centre windows in the picture-gallery, and, after a succession of cries from the infant, returned without it. This evidently hinted at murder, and- caused great excitement amongst the audience, which became intense when some one remarked that the follow ing night was that of the annual infanticide. Miss Dampier's tale was only the first of a series Every one has really a true history to relate of a ghost, seen by a friend or a friend's friend, but, strange to say, eye-witnesses are never forthcom ing. They would have gone on all night, I believe, had not Lady Dampier at length made a move, and carried off the young ladies. We men remained behind, and a smoke in the billiard-room drove the subject of our evening's conversation entirely from my mind. " Will you meet me in half an hour in the picture- gallery ? " said Miss Dampier, after breakfast next morning. " I have something very particular to talk to you about. I will bring the battledores and shuttlecocks as an excuse for a tcte-a-tele. I need not say how gladly I promised to meet Miss Dampier at the appointed hour and place. To bo taken into her confidence upon a matter, however slight, was a step in the right direction ; there was no knowing what might come of a private interview ; a word might full or a glance be given which might serve as a clue to the feelings of her heart. The inter vening half-hour was spent in vain conjectures as to what could be the purport of Miss Dampier's communication. At its expiration I made my way to the gallery, and while waiting for Mi3s Dampier had ample time to look around me. The gallery was very long and low, running the whole length of the house. It was lighted by fifteen oriel bay- windows, upon which were various coats of arms in coloured glass. The space between the windows and the whole of the opposite wall, except where doors led into the principal bed rooms, was entirely concealed by family portraits, so closely packed together that it was impossible to discover the colour of the wall. The chief portion of the mansion had been refurnished of late years, but the gallery had evidently not heen touched, since the day it was first fitted it up — probably iu the time of Elizabeth, as the ground plan of the house took the form of. the . letter E, a compliment often paid by architects to the Maiden Queen. After making the tour of tho room, and endeavouring to trace a likeness to Ethel amongst her ancestors, I turned into one of the bays, and took a seat. " I know I am late, Captain Arden," said Miss Dampier, running up to my resting-place with the battle dores in her hand, " but you must excuse me, as I cou|d not effect my escape before from the drawing-room. Of course you are burning to know what I have to communicate. Talk oi woman's curiosity — it is nothing to man's. Take a battledore, nud I will let you 'into my secret. I have not a capital idea in mv head, and I want your help to carry it out. You remember, perhaps, that this is the ghost's night ? Well, I mean to play the ghost 1 Won't it be fun to frighten them all out their senses ? I only wish I did not require your protection, for I should have enjoyed seeing' you shaking with terror; but I really am afraid to come into the gallery by myself, and this night above all nights in the year." I looked my thanks, but before I had time to express them in words, she continued — " I knew I could have asked one of the girls to accompany me, but if there was any cause for alarm she would be sure to faint or run away. Now I think, Captain Arden, you would stay and protect me, wouldn't you ?" "Protect you, Eth — Miss : Dampier, I mean ? I would protect you with my life — againstall comers, ghosts included 1" " Don't be rash ! but listen to my plans. Up-stairs there is an old wardrobe filled with costumes worn by our great-grandmothers. I have taken the key off the housekeeper's bunch, and intend this afternoon to abstract a dress of the stillest silk I can find ; one that will rustle well. I tliiuk I remember a blue silk that will suit exactly.' I shall powder my face and look very ghastly, and when all have retired for the night I will join you here. Is it not a glorious idea ? Every one will bo on the qui rive to-night, and tho first rustle of ray silk will be sure to be heard." I agreed that the idea was capital, and laughed with her at the thought, of the terror which her ghost- likeappearancowould inspire, my conscience all the while telling me that I was wrong to encourage practical joke, which might he followed by bad effects. But how could I give up the sweet pleasure of pleasing Ethel, and of sharing a secret with her ? " But you have forgotten the baby," I suggested. " No, indeed, I have not," she replied. " There is a young puppy in tho stables, which I shall carry to my room ; an old doll's dress and cap will convert it into a first-rate infant ; and a judicious pinch, adminis tered at the right moment, will extract a cry not unlike a baby's. Everyone will be too frightened to be critical." Business concluded, wo com menced our game. For showing off a woman's gracefulness there is nothing like a battledore and shuttlecock. I had never known half Ethel's beauty till I saw her with arm extended and cheek 'flushed, springing now here, now there, in tho excitement of the game, every curve seeming doubly graceful, every moment doubly fascinating. Fatigued at last, after keeping up the shuttlecock some incredible number of times, she sunk upon a neighbouring sofa, panting and out of breath. The enemy is exhausted, thought I ; now is the time to go in and win. And, taking a seat by her side, I ventured a preliminary remark of of rather a romantic character ; but before I had time to make any further advances, Ethel had taken fright, and was on her feet again." I don't think you have been introduced to uiy ancestors, have you, Captain Arden ?" she asked at once. " As a military man you might perhaps like to become acquainted with some of the fighting Dampiers. " This suit of armour belonged to one Roger de Dampier; it is dented with arrows shot at Agincourt. Can't you stand straight, Mr. Roger, one would think your knees were shaking with fear of the French. This dandy, with long hanging sleeves, and pointed shoes, like elongated beetroots, is not the sort of man you would think likely to stick to a losing cause ; and yet' he fol lowed Margaret of Anjou till he fell at Tewkes bury. There is their son,. who fled over seas,- and returned with Richmond to die on Bosworth Field. Here is good Queen Bess herself. You cannot mistake her red hair and starched ruff. The old lady passed a night at Beecliover on one of her pleasure trips. This is her host, Sir Jasper Dampier. His bill for a night's board and lodging was paid with a baronetcy.. Well, I have known higher titles given for less. At all events, there is nothing to be ashamed of in the way we gained our red hand. This is evidently a Dundreary of the period. What a lovely dress 1 grey satin and cherry colour. This is sup posed to be the ghost, but no one knows who she is. I shall never be able to dress my hair with those cork-screw curls, unless I cut it, which I have no intention of doing; in all other respects my make-up will be perfect. This grey young man, with long embroidered waistcoat and stockings with gold clocks, was one of Marl- bro's colonels. And now I think you have had enough of mo and my ancestors, so ait rcvoir," and before I had time to utter a word the pro voking beauty was half-way down tho gallery. By half-past twelve the house was still, and at a quarter to one, having put on a pair cf noiseless slippers, I made my way to the picture-gallery. There was no need of a candle to find the way, for the moon was shining brightly ; in the gallery it was almost as light as day. The clock struck one, and Ethel had not arrived. I began to think she had taken fright at meeting the lady in blue. I seated myself in the window, where I had pro mised to wait her arrival, and wiled away the minutes in looking at the wintry landscape. " Asleep, and on duty, Captain Arden ? I must report you to your colonel ; but I suppose it is my fault for keeping you waiting in the cold. Am I not a first-rate ghost ? I was quite terrified at looking at myself in the glass. I really believe I should frighten the ghost herself." There was a tremor in her voice which betrayed agitation. I saw that she shivered slightly as she seated her self in the windew, all the animation which had glistened in her eye in the morning at the pro spect of her midnight walk had vanished, and the smile with which she asked' what I thought of her " get up" was only a counterfeit. AVe talked in whispers for a few minutes, for Ethel seemed to wish to have an excuse for not starting on her expedition immediately. I had no desire to hurry her, forgetting altogether the object of our moot ing in the happiness of gazing into her eyes, and feeling her breath on my cheek. A sudden impulse caused me to look down the gallery — why, I cannot tell, unless some sound almost inaudible may have reached my ear. To my amazement I thought I saw a figure at the farthest end of the room — whether man or wo man I could not tell ; I only saw that something moved. It approached very slowly, and at last came fully into the moonlight — it was a woman 1 though a long way off, I could see that she was dressed like Ethel, in an ancient costume, and I could see that she carried something in her arms — something white. It was the real ghost and her infant 1 There could be no doubt of it. I could see her now more distinctly,' for she had advanced as far as the second window. This was a Roland for an Oliver with a vengeance ! I did not feel nervous, but awe-struck. I believed at once in spiritual manifestations. On it came, gliding slowly with an almost imperceptible mo tion, pausing constantly and looking back ; it had reached the fifth window, the rustling of the gilk was growing quite audible. I wondered that Ethel did not catch the sound ; what was I to do? Was I to. tell her? She must hear the sound before long. My. brain was in a whirl. I had heard of the terrible effects of sudden frights, of people turning gray in a single night; nay, even become raving mad. God knows I would have died to save mv darling from such a fate. I was helpless, powerless ; I felt like one in a night-mare — the danger was approaching, but I was spell-bound ; like the poor rabbit, I was fasci nated, though the serpent's fangs were close upon me. The ghost was now at the seventh window, it stood still for a second, and then disajipeared in the bay. Thank heaven ! now I might be able to persuade Ethel to leave the 'gallery ; but how to' do it was the question. I was jnst going to take her up in my arms and rush from the gallery, when the ghost emerged again and stood full in the moonshine. Too late 1 . Too late 1 She had now reached the eighth window ; she stopped again and disappeared in tho recess. There are fifteen windows, thought I, then the eighth must be the centre ; we shall hear the baby's cry in a minute ; Ethel must hear that, I was distracted — in despair. The ghost was again in the moon light, she had put off the murder for a time; the rustling became more distinct. I was in agony, half maddened ; my face must have betrayed my emotion; for Ethel jumped from her seat, "What's the matter, Harry ?" she cried are ydu , ill ? your face is so strange." It was too late— -I could not save her ! She pushed past me, and stood face to face with tho ghost, who was now only four windows distant. Uttering a piercing shriek, she cried — " Harry ! — dear Harry, save mo 1 " and fell fainting into my arms. " Help 1 — help 1 " I called ; but before the words were past my lips, another cry rang through the gallery. Was it the echo ? No 1 it was in a different key to Ethel's. I looked up, and saw the ghost upon the floor — fainting, too 1 In a second more Jack's strong arms were supporting the inanimate form. He, like myself, had been concealed in one of the bay windows. My eyes were opened : my disbelief in ghosts returned stronger than ever. The ghost was not a ghost after all, but flesh and blood. The ghost was Laura Dampier I and now the rival ghosts were fainting each with terror at the other — each fully believing that the other was- the Lady in Blue, who haunted the picture gallery. The two successive shrieks had more effect than the rustling of rival silks. Bolts began to unbolt, locks to unlock, and doors to open, displaying startled faces. Eyes scarcely open from their first sleep peered into the gallery, and drowsy voices asked what was the matter? Women's cries, muffled by the bed-clothes, sound ed from some chambers ; " The ghost 1 — the ghost 1 " echoed wildly from others. " Water," I cried. " Salts," called Jack. We were now the centre of a crowd, carrying bed-room candles, who had plucked up courage to leave their rooms. Salts and sal-volatile pour in on all sides. Volunteers to rub the young ladies' hands, and plenty more to suggest im practicable remedies, soon did their work. " Where am I ? " whispered Lawra, whilst a deep sigh heralded Ethel's return to conscious ness. They looked round inquiringly, and both seemed bewildered at the circle of faces which hemmed them in. At last the eyes of tbe sisters met 1 — For an instant, they scanned each other curiously, and then a look of relief appeared upon both countenances. " Were you the ghost ? " they cried, simultaneously, and a feeble laugh from each proclaimed that they were satisfied. Tbe laugh was contagious and became general. It would be impossible to describe the deshabilles that appeared in the gallery that night. There were wraps of all sorts, shawls of all colours, cloaks of all shapes, night- caps of all patterns, forming a tout ensemble truly grotesque. We four, who felt ourselves to be properly equipped at all points, could afford to laugh at the ridiculous figures cut by our friends — and wo did laugh ; but there was one mouth that did not relax even into a smile. "Don't be angry, dear papa," pleaded Ethel, " we have been foolish, very foolish, but we have been punished enough for our folly. It appears that the same idea struck Laura and myself ; we both thought It would be fun to play tho ghost, and frighten you all out of your senses. The tables have been turned ; instead of terrifying you, we have half killed each other with fright. I was afraid that I might meet the real ghost, and ac cordingly I asked Captain Arden to be present. I suppose Laura invited Captain Beresford for the same reason. There, papa, you have the who'e truth ; but, really, if you wish me to pre serve my gravity you must put your night-cap straight; it does give you such a comical look." Sir Harry did not join in Ethel's laugh, on the contrary he looked very glum ; but at this stage of tho proceedings an event occurred pro videntially which restored him to good humour. Ethel's baby, who had been sleeping soundly, sud denly awoke and quietly walked off — barking violently ; the noise aroused Laura's infant, who sprang off her lap, and mowing piteously, hurried away as fast as her robes would permit. This was too much even for Sir Harry — he joined in the universal shout of laughter, and afterwards kissed and forgave his daughters. Whether Jack had tho same reason as I had for thanking the catastrophe in the picturo gallery I cannot say. I only know that before the next season arrived Laura and Ethel Dampier were the wives of Jack Beresford and Harry Arden. Stock Reports. — Goulburn, March 8. — Messrs. P. Dignam and Co. report ; — Fat cattle : The demand for good cattle is brisk, and a draft of the right sort would bring full prices. Ou Monday we sold a mob from Burrowa as follows : — First pen, cows, to Mrs. II. O'Donnell, at £4 15s. ; second pen, ditto, ditto, at £4; third pen, bullocks, to Mr. J. O'Donnell, at J23 16s. ; fourth pen, cows, to Mr. W. A. Chisholm, at .£3 13s. ; fifth, sixth, and seventh pens, to the same pur chaser, at JE3 6s. With the exception of a few of the cows those cattle were very plain, and more than half were purchased for paddocking. We have also sold a small draft, cows, at £3 4s. ; steers, £2. Fat sheep: There is some inquiry, and a' small draft would sell well. Horses : Good up standing horses sell, but for others there is little demand. Braidwood, March 8. — M. R. Craig reports : — Fat stock : — The demand for prime is brisker. I would advise owners of first-class cattle to hold on till tbe frosts set in. I cannot obtain more than 17s. 6d. per 100 lbs. for good to prime, and a shade less for second class. Store cattle : Demand very limited. Fat sheep : I sold a flock on Thursday, on account of Patrick Clifford, Esq., of Manero, at lis. 3d.; average 52 lb. or 53 lb. The average class of sheep com ing into market are not as even and- prime as might be expected at this season of the year. I am still of opinion that prime wethers will rule high in about two months. Store sheep : Ewes under 4 years, of a good description, are very scarce. Horses : I sold a small mob on Thursday at prices up to £5 17s. 6d. Sydney Wool, Tallow, and Hides Mar kets. — The market for our chief staple ha3 exhibited greater activity this week. At the public sales held on Thursday there was a better attendance than usual. The various catalogues comprised a total of 1253 bales, of which 852 were sold. We have to report more competition than has been the case during the last month, and though prices still exhibit considerable irregulality, we quote on the whole a decided improvement, espeoially for good middle fleeces freo from seed and burr. Greasy wools, in con sequence of the scarcity of water for scouring, did not show any material change in prices. Sheepskins were in moderate supply, and sold on the whole at about the current rates of last week. Mr. J. Brewster had a catalogue com- prising 124 bales. ' Of these, however, only 20 bales were sold, viz., 12 bales; fleece, at 14|d. ; and 8 bales, in grease, at 7fd. per lb. Messrs. Richardson and Wrench offered 146 bales, and sold 121. . The principal lots were EAH, 37 bale's, scoured, at 23 Jd. ; same mark, 39 bales, in grease, at 9jd. ; and GH, 32 bales scoured, at 21d, per lb. Messrs Mort and Co. catalogued 558 bales of wool, and sold 402. The principal lots which passed the hammer were as follow : — HE, 24 bales, fleece, at 17d. ; Y, 10 bales, fleece, 16£d. ; McRae, 13 bales, fleece, at 16£d. ; IL over X, 17 bales, in grease, at 8jd. ; C&M;, 18 bales, fleece, at 16 Jd. ; JO over A, ' 11 bales, in grease, at 6|d: ; BD, 29 bales, fleece, at 17£d. ; MH conjoined, 40 bales', fleece, at 17d. ; MxY, 23 bales, fleece, at 17|d. ; UE in diamond, 17 bales, Scoured, at 16d. ; B under half circle, 17 bales, fleece", atl7£d.; and IB, 17 bales, fleece, at 18£d. per lb. Mr. 0. B. Ebsworth offered 114 bales, and Bold 75, of which the principal lot, SG, 26 bales, fleece, realised 17gd. per lb. Messrs Irwin and Turner catalogued 217 bales, and sold 140. The principal lots disposed of were — AS, 19 bales, fleece, at 194-d. ; WS, 10 bales, ditto, at 15fd. ; B in circle, 19 ditto, at 19d. ; and VL conjoined, 11 bales, in grease, at 7d. per lb. Messrs. Harrison and Jones sold 94 bales of wool. Tho principal lots were — MF conjoined, 39 bales, in grease, at 8|d. ; AN, 23 bales, ditto, at 8Jd. ; and WM, 12 bales, fleece, at 18d. per lb. Mr. II. R. Reid sold 5 bales, greasy lambs, at 8£d. ; 6 ditto, ewes, at 8£d. ; 2 ditto, mixed wool, at 9J. ; and one lot sheepskins, at 6d. The usual weekly sales of tallow and bides were held on Friday. For both articles of produc last week's prices were fully maintained. Messrs. Mort and Co. sold 48 casks of tallow at £33 15s. for inferior; £35 10s. for ordinary; and £36 to £37 per ton for good to prime beef. The same firm also sold 128 hides, at prices ranging from 3s. 9d. to 14s. 9d. each. Mr. 0. B. Ebsworth sold 17 casks of beef tallow at £36 5s. to £36 10s. per ton ; and 119 hides at 7s. 3d. to 12s. each. Messrs. Irwin and Turner sold 36 casks of beef tallow at £35 15s. to £37 5s., and 11 paunches at £37 15s. per ton ; also 507 hides at 7s. 6J. to 83. 93. for inferior, 9s. to lis. 9d. for ordinnry, 12s. to 13s. 3d. for good, and 14s. to 15s. each for first-class heavy. Mr. J. Graham sold 59 casks of tallow at £35 5s. to £37 5s. for beef, and £40 5s. to £42 per ton for mutton. Mr. Graham also sold 238 good bides at 12s. 5d. to 13s. 61., and 80 prime 90-weights at 21s. OJ. each. 