MEAT PRESERVINo.-To the Editor of the .Eeonomist.-Dear Sir,-Knowin-; the interest your renders take at this moment in everything relating to the preservation of meat, I beg now to give you a short account of what I saw in Sydney last week of Mort's freezing process. ThIo establishmont where it is conducted is on the grounds of the Ice Company, close to Darlingllurst Jail, and the apparatus I found at work there was as • follows :-A small boiler for g'enerating'steam, which is supplied to two upright cylinders containing anmmoniacal liquor; there the noction of the steam produces i gas which is conveyed by pipes to a wooden vessel filled with water and many coils of tubing. From this wooden vessel the gas then enters the meat preserver, which resoembles a conmnon steam boiler, about 6I feot in diameter, and 20 feet in length, open at one end. This boiler is double, that is, the inner cylinder containing the "meat is enclosed by an outer casing', rivetted to it securely by bolts, and into the space between (the outer and inner plates being' some three inches apart) the gas Is admnitted. A tlup is now turned, and the gas escapes friom this "jacket," and re-enters the cylinders from wheonce it first proceeded, and is there absorbed by the ammoniacal liquor, to be again converted into gas and go through the same round. There is little or no waste, and the cost of the ammonia is a mere trifle. I entered thle meat preserver, which was meorol closed at one end by a canvas flap with some boards against it, and found inside several sheep in a fozeun state, some of which, I was told, had beeoon there for several months. The person inl charge showed us fish which had boon frozen for throee months, and stated that the meat when taken out of the receiver required to be hung up for about 1( hours before it was sufliciently thawed for cooking. The taste, lhe told me, was not altered in the slightest. The process of freoezing must, be a very rapid one, as the engineer stated that he could rodue. the temperature of the inner "boiler" to 50 degrees below zero in the space of five minutes. The outer "boiler" when I saw it was coated externally with ice. The appara tus I saw was considered equal to the preservation of 8,000 bullocks, and was entirely constructed in Sydney at Mr. Maort's own iron works. The inventor is a Frenchman of the name of Nicolle, whose patent Mr. Mort has purchased. Iron vessels of suill cient size, and made to fit the curve of a ship's hold, are now being constructed, so as to try the English market, and a gas-producing apparatus such as I saw would require to be provided for every ship. The meat once f'rozen could be kept so (luring the whole voyage by working the apparatus once a fortnight. Before seeing this ingenious process, I had felt incredulous as to the possibility of applying it on the large scale, but I camne away with my opinion entirely altered, The apparatus for generating the gas is not costly; it takes up little room ; the cost of proliducing the gas must be very small, and regular traders to the port might have iron tanks built and fitted into their lower holds, whore the fi'ozen mutton could be packed away, and wool, &c.;, stowed above themr; and the tanks might be used on the outward voyage for the stowage of soft goods, and other goods not subject to leakage. Mr. DMort, who is perhaps the most enterprising man in these colonies, will no doubt carry this discovery to a successful issue, but until lie does so we are not likely to see unythling of the kind attemlpted here. In the meantime, the prospects for our cooked meat are bright oning. By this mail I have a letter from a friend in London, from which the following is an extract:--"' The most successful p)re " paration of beef is that cooked on the ." Clarence River, Now South Wales, and "sold largely hero to the working classes; " and if successfiul in beef;, why not in mutton? "?Frosh moat uncooked has always boon a "failure, and Professor Morga n's process makes "it too salt. There is a wonderful field hero " fobr a chemist, but hithorto we have not found "the right man to fill it.''" In a previous letter, my friend mentions that this Clareonce River beef is sold in all the shops about London at 7d. a pound. Yours truly, WM. MACuREDI. A TERRIBLtnnE WAR TAL..-Chapter the ono.-It was nio'ht-the hub of it Chapter the second.-" Xnd now, daughter, go to your retiracy ! Muchly as I love you, and zephyr-like as your fhail body is to me, I toll you, nymph, thou shall never marry'Theo philus. He is poor. You are rich. The noble house of Srquign'ers shall never be dishonoured by menial Ilood." Chapter two and one.-"Theoplhilus Iloneybalmn, go hence! How dare you, a hired man, in the employ of your Moehitable's father, look upon my child to woo ? Begone ! You have no position. My nymph-like child shall never wed and boar clhildren to any man who is not noble." Chapter fourth `and so forth.- " Come to the window, child !" It was June. " Why are thou so cast down, wasted beauty ?" She ihad grown thin in meat. "I will soend for thee a fitting' mate, sweet bird of song." Mehitable siuni a little while washing dishes. " What ! he o without !" Somebody was knocking' at the door so hard as der tyfll! The door couldn't stand the press and it flowed. Chapter five.--" H-a-a-alt !" spoke in gentle tones the intruder. it was General Theophilus HIoneybalm ! " Th-e-ea--o-o !" That's what Mehitable gave utterance to. " Yes! 'tis lihe! I come ! Stand back, old nman, to the roar! Ten paces backward, march !"-Old Squiggors retroraded, 'cause TIheophilus had a whanngstickr in both hands red with-rust. " Now, old iman"-so said tile general-" I come to claim my bride I am a B. , ! A brig'adier-general. Three long months have flowed. I amn now a groat man. Seo'st thou this pile of gold ? I have a million. I have houses and lands. I havo a position. I have honour. I wrote a pug for my general! I was given a nigger regiinent. For fifty dollars' worth of mules, I 'bribed the telegraph to record my daring deeds i I came out for the brunette part of' this government ! The President rewarded me. I aim a gonoral of Ethiopanos !" Then whispered the sire-" Genral, are you honest ?" "Are I honest ? Do the world exist? It do. I are. Else I were not a oCneral." " Thoen take her. I am satisfied. 'lie country is safe!" And he took her. The end.-A'meroican PapTer. " WHAT is the difference," asked Arch bishop Whately of a young oloergyman lhe was examining, " betweeoon a form antd a ceremony ? Tie meaning seems nearly the same, yet there is a very nice distinction." Various aLLnswers Owere giveni. "Well," hle said, "it lies in this: you sit upon a form, but you stand upon ceremony." " Morrow's Library" is the Miudie of Dublin; and the Rev. Mir. Day a popular preachler. " HIow inconsistent," said the archbishop, "is the piety of certain ladies hero. 'I'The, go to-da/y for a soermon, and to- morro',ow for a novel." At a dinner pmrty, he called out suddenly to the host Mr. - " ''lThere was silence. '" M'r. \- , what is thie proper female companion of this Jolhn Dory ?" After the usual numnber of guesses, an answer came-" Amiino Chiovy." Doctor Gregg, the now bishop of Cork, and lie at dinner. Archbishop: " Conme, tlouoh you are Johln Cork, you mustn't stop tlie bottle here." The answer was not inapt " I see your lordship is determined to dlraw me out." On Doctor I(K-x's promotion to the bishopric of Down, an appointment in some quarters unlpopular :-" 'TheI rish gov ernment will not be able to standl many mioro such Knocks Do(nw as this !" At a lord lieutonnant's banquet, a grace was given of unusual lenogth. " My lord," said thIe arch bishop, " did you over 'hear the story of Lord Mulgrave's chaplain ?" " No," saidl the lord lieutenant. " A young' chaplatin had pirclnched a sermon of great length. ' Sir,' saitl Lord Mulgravo, bowing' to him, ' there were some things in your sermon of to-day 1 never heard belbeo.' ' Oh, my lotd,' said the flattered chaplain, 'it is a comnlmon text, and I could not have hoped to have said anythiino. now on the subject.' 'I hloeard the olock strike twice,' said'Lord Mulgrave." At some iroelig'ious ceremony at which le was to officiate in tihe country, a young curate who attendled him grew very nervous as to their being' late. SMy good young friend," said the archbishlop, " c cau only say to you what the crimninal gomg' to be nauwned saild to those around who were hurrying ilim, ' Let us take our time, they can'tbegin without us.' A KNowm~'No CuAm'.-A young man lately .3resented.t himinself for examination as assistant engineer in the Navy. Among othlr questions, the following was nskcd him -" Suppose you had built an ong'ino yourself, pforfbmmed every part of the work without assistance, and know that it was in complete order, but when put into a vessel, thie pumnp would not dlraw water, what would you (do?' 'Iheo young mamn lpromptly replied: 'I should go to the side of the vessel, and ascertain if thore was anyt water in the river." A COUNTnrsZrAN's MI?SrA.-A correspondent, who has been travelling out west, writes us that he recently witnessed a sceno not in the bills, while visiting a country theatre, somewhere in Wisconsin. The play was "Romeo and Juliot," and the charactor of Romeo was fairly enacted and loudly applauded. The very model of the lover was before tho tomb of the Capulets, gazing upon the motionless form of her who had so attracted his soul, and meditating upon committing an act i which would send his spirit to that undiscovered country where he supposed Juliet had gone. Just 1 as he exclaimed, "Hero's to my love I" and at the same time raised the phial which contained the poison to his lips, a stalwart young countryman jumped upon the stage, seized him, dashed the phial from his hand, crushing it to atoms, and yolling--"Yor darned fool, lie ain't dead I Only been takin' a little sleepin' medicine! Didn't yor got the parson's letter ?" " Sirrah I' growled out the enraged tragedian, while the house fairly shook with laughter. "Why, yor gal ain't dead, I tell yeor I Theo way it was, they wanted to mako Julio marry that chap thar," pointing to Paris, "whose business you have just settled, but I tell you Julio war truo;--sho got her back right up, and vowed she wouldn't do it, even if while she war lying in the vault the ghost of the other feller whom you kilt should dash her brains out with the bones of some of her dead cousins. Wal, her dander war up, and she took the tullf the parson fixed, so she could play the possumu till you got hunm. That's the way it war," replied the couu. tryman, giving the desperate lover a tremendous poke in the ribs with his elbow, and at the same time loosing his hold. "Curses on the fellow I" muttered the tragedian, as he stalked behind the scones. " WYal, now," said the countryman, front ing the audience, "if that ain't a lcetlo the meanest curse I ever did see, I hope to be swowed I That's all the thanks I git for stopping him from pizenin' hisself. Hope to be tarn'ly swashed if over I go to interfere agin whoa a feller wants to murder hissolf !" he continued, as hlie clambered back to his seat, just in time to prevent his upper story from coming in contact with the curtain as it descended.-Amiercan Paper. 'lTAKE ONE FROM ONE SOMETIIINGo IfEIAINS." A sub-committeeo of a school committee wore examining a class in a proprietary school. One of the members undertook to sharpen up their wits by propounding the following question : "If I had a mince pie, and should give two-twelfths to John, two-twelfths to Isaac, two-twelfths to Harry, and should hokeep half the pie for myself, what would there be loft?" There was a profound study among the boys, but finally one lad hold up his haud as a signal that he was ready to answer. " Well, sir, what would there be left ? Speak up loud, so that all can hoear," said the committee man.-" The plate I" shouted the hopeful fellow. The committeoo-man turned red in the face, while other members roared aloud. 'That boy was excused from answering any more questions. " IT's all very pretty talk," said a recently married old bachelor, who had just finished reading an essay on the "Culture of Women," just as a heavy milliner's bill was presented to hinm; "it's all very pretty, this cultivation of womoen but such a chargo as this for bonnets is rather a heavy top-dressing-in my judgment." IN ancient days the precept was " Know thyself." In modern times it has beeon supplanted by the far more fashionablo maxim, " Know thy noeighbour and overything about him," HAPPy TOOETIEIrL.-Two neighbours and excel lent friends quarrelled. Bitter words passed between them, until one enraged, exclaimed, "You're a miserable old fool I if you weore dead, I wouldn't go to your fun'ral."-" Now, see 'ere," replied the other, "you shouldn't feel so towards me. I don't feel so to you. If you should die, I'd go to your funeral with pleasure !" A N:ouao DiscussIoN AnoUT Eoos.-In the fairest village of Western Now York, the "oullord Iussons," in emulation of their white brethren, formed a dobating society, for the purpose of improving their minds. The subject on one occasion was, "Which am do nmuddor ob de chicken-do hen wot lay do egg, or de hen weot hatches do chick ?" The question was warmly debated, and at length an intelligent darkoy arose, " S'pose," said hlie, " (ilt you set one dozeon duck's eggs under a lien, and dey hatch; which am do mudder, do duck or de bon ?"-rThis was a poser, and nonplussed the other side, oven staggering the presidont, who rising from his chair in all the pripo of conscious superiority, announced, " Ducks am not before the house; chicken am do question; deroforo, I rule do ducks out l"-And do it lie did, to the complete overthrow of the opponents. " MA," said a little girl to her mothoer, "do the men want to got married ias much as the women do "--" Pshaw I what are you talking about ?" " Why, ma, the ladies who conme here are always talking about getting married; the menlidon't." A CANDID STEWARD.-Our Irish Chief Secretary, being the owner of a fine ostrich which somo days ago was safely delivered of an egg, received the following telegram from his stoward:--My lord, ,as your lordship is out of the country, I have procured the biggest goose I could find to sit on the ostrich's egg.?-Echoes frona the Clubs, SCOTOII;D.-" Dear me I" exclaimed a lady, as she looked at the boa constrictor in a show; "why, the skin of the creature is of a regular tartan pattern."-" It is, mny dear," romaurked her hus. band, and that is what Shakspero alluded to when he talked about a snake being ' scotched.'" Quari ON WOIEN AGAIN,.-A wOUaii will cling to the chosen object of her heart like a 'possum to a gumtroo, and you can't separate her without snapping strings no art can mend, leaving a portion of her soul on the upper loather of your affections. She will soimetimes see soimething to love whoro others can see nothing to uadmire; and when her fondness is once fastened on a fellow, it sticks like glue and molasses in a bushy head of hair. ODn DIREcTIONs ON LETTEis.--WOe learn from the Daurham Aldvrtiser that the following curious direction was found on a lotter lately consigned to the post offieo:-" John Todd. IHas a wvooden log, and lives somewhere about Bitohbvrn, nigh Crook. Find him out, postman." It is added that the postman did find him out, wooden log included. In another post ofilce, a letter was posted for "John Smith," with "a wooden head." The post man did neot find him out. The number implicated was great, and not one would accept the descrip. tion, so that the letter was absorbed by the "dead" department. T'i'u late Judge F., of Connecticut, was not roemarkable for quickness of apprehuension. A MIr. Shoerman was arguing a ease before him, and in the course of his romarks the barrister nmalde a point which the judge did not at once see. -" Mr. Shoerman, I would thank you to state the point so that I can understand you." ]towing politely, Mlr. Shorman replied in his blaundest muanner, "Your honour is probably not aware of the task you are innposing upon me." 