UNRESTRICTED SUFFRAGE. The following is the exordium of a speech by a member in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales :— ** Mr. Speaker, the hon. member for Cen tral Cumberland has got so infatuated that he barks at any bite, and shows his nose at anything like a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr. Speaker, that the hon. member is not to be held. You can't get him at anything. What am I to do ? lama Government euDDorter because, forsooth. I ask vou. knowing the state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair, and seeing tbe way they are going on with him ! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here he is; because, forsooth, I ask a question he turns round and sajs I'm one of tbe Government rags; one of the Government tripe coves— bullock and lights, or anything else. He wants to make a mass of muck of my name. I do not care for the government or him. I am such a sort of infatuated fool that I dou't care for myself or anybody else. In this question I was not advised, nor was I requested by the Government to take the question of tbe vacant House or the want of mem bers, but when I see a man like that is, that wants to have his eye teeth drawn out, or cut out, or some- ; thing else, and put into a state of being civilised, or something of this kind, why, any hon. member as feels his dignity hurt by the way in which this man is running down, goring and running in — fine thorough -bred fellows — we are obliged to put him out— obliged to do it, and I think 1 am doing my duty in just stopping his gab. The hon. member who moved the motion; there is no member in this House. Mr. Speaker, so fond I believe of himself, as he is. He knows it ; anfl I accuse him, although he is the Governmsnt outside man. But still what does he wanr to do with the Governor ? Leave him alone. Leave Sir John alone. Why, bless my soul I Re's got a card or somebody else has to a feed. Anybody that'll give a feed, leave him alone —that's what I say. But these people who used to be, John knows where — (it's .very well for him to gammon to be asleep) — that they never used to give a feed. Ton know that, Mr. Speaker, as well as I do.' According to tbe Sydney Herald, the reporters and other *? strangers' were here ordered to withdraw, and, the Noacbian operation havhig been performed, in regard to the hon. mem ber' 6tyle of oratory, his style of speaking was called in question, whereupon it is said that the remonstrant was threatened with the vigoroas appli cation of a big stick. 