SALE AMATEUR DRAMATIC : CLUB. PERFORMANCE AT THE MECHANICS*. '" In criticising a company of amateurs the discerning spectator is in1 almost every instnnoo to use tho expression " in a cleft stick," candour on tho one side .would sometimes dictate a cold and heartless rebuff, the "judgment that withers with a bneerwhile good nature would in other instances:, be forced into the position of the false prophets of the Scriptures, and be in mere courtesy, bound " to prophecy | none but pleasant things." We ate compelled to neither one nor the other of these extreme courses. Truth compels us or would compel (if compulsion were necessary) to s'.nte that the enter tainments were successful with respect to both the objects that a society of the kind should havo in view, we should apprehend that gentlemen who b.elong to dramatic societies, look for rin amusement for themselves in tho first instance, and in the second, for such a one as can impnr.t to their. friend?, especially thoso whose sex and domestic ties in the struggle of colonial lifo con fine to tho duties, pleasing no doubt, but at the same time it must be con fessed slightly open to tho charge of monotony that bind the fair ornaments and guardians of the household gods of a British homo in the' outposts of civilization. It is not so much a sign of the times as of the antecedents of the colonials of Australia whom enter prise has forced to measure half tho world, between the place of their birth and that of their adoption, that such refinement and such homeliness should be- found together as was discernable on the evenings of Tuesday and Wednesday at the Mechanics' Institute. The choice of a play to act is always difficult on occasions of this sort. Shakrspearo for various reasons is almost imjiossiblft. In London, a play of Shakespeare isu seldom given as it was acted in the tima of Elizabeth and the first James. It is tho fashion of modern times not only to:. take our medicines, hut our meals and our literature in homoeopathic doses. Tho wholo course of the history, of the drama is a history, not of building up, but of cutting down. The first plays of the old Monks lasted : for seven or eight days. Shakespeare shortened and improved the ancient mysteries of the Monks. Garrick in the reign of Queen Anno still curtailed the favorite of Elizabeth. We who have the privilege of living in the reign of Queen Victoria, homoeopathy and periodical literature, take our amuse ment as wo do our physio, and our sermons, infinitisimal doses. The whole of th& play of Hamlet Prince of Denmark, would have been an over dose for, t|ie, patient and too great a responsibility for the physician. That Shakespeare was given at all, cortainly shows courage on the partof the actors, and the result of it, intelligence on the part of the audience. : The principal part of the public offerings was. how ever, a sacrifice-to the prevailing taste of the day, to the fashion of the hour, to the demon of sensational drama. Blood and thunder may bo said to have been represented by Robert Macairej good taste.and high art by the ghost scene in'HAMLET, that masterpiece of the master of masterpieces, and the lighter element of the ridiculous by that bijou of cockney trifles, Box and Cox. Whore all are good who shall choose the best. Wo will begin at the begin ning, the Robert Macaire of Mr Bromley was daring and uielo-dramatic. It is a very good thing for his re putation that he is more often off the stage than on it, or ho might be re garded as. the greatest ruffian, not only in Gippsland, but we hope, in the hemisphere. It is well for him ami us that his wholo life, in public and in private, is n flat contradiction to the character assumed fi>r the one short hour he strutted on the mimic stage. His accomplice Jacques Strop, (Mr Lyons), evidently shewed that if his role would have permitted it, Jack Would have been as - good as bis in aster. , But ; /we : must Lave a gleam of .sunshine to ,.throw1 off tbe blackness; of thie. highi, as the laughter.caused by the one was a, con trast to.,the horrOr impressed by the, other. Mr, Boch as Germeuil sucr 'ceedad admirably in adding' .40 years to itlie present term pf his natural life, and we pre; glad to, say is now'doing remarkably well, notwithstanding' the frightful assassination he suffered, after which . he ;.wns discovered ' by Mr MitcheIson/(a most excellent 'Charles by tLe way) weltering in his blood. Mir: Stormoht must be regarded by all who witnessed his impersonation of Dumont, as an actor whom .nature has gifted. not . only. witH. a commanding-' figure, but also ah admirable' voice, especially for tragedy.! "We :.were sorry cot to have been "at thfc village inn after ai long walk and to; have had our bread and cheese afid glass .of; ale. brought to us by such a clean and in-, telligent waiter as Pierre (Mr , II. M. Smith.) Sergeant I'oupy, Mr lY&vers; would ;leave. a, great number ,of ,her Majesty's subjects:ill off at an English-, man's favorite tour, "if he in ' real' life so Veil performed the'duties ilow ful filled in Sale by Sergeant Scanloi, as h6 did in the feigned portraiture !of yen d' amies in 'tbe drama. But place dames aux, Clementina, i no doubt will not long be left still '' but only en-, gaged," as. she was when the curtain dropped, but neither in real, life Win the feigned one were we behind the scenes in this important'matter, eo we must leave our fnir readers iiri hesitating! curiosity about that, interesting de nouncement. Marie,. Miss . Skeone^ as the robber's wife obtained not a whit more' thW the'fair applause' that her exertions in the piece demanded. A short interval having elapsed after the performance of the ;melo drama,' the curtain rose for a selection :from Hamlet. The principal character was well learned and delivered by Mr T. Robinson. Talent in impersonating Shakespeare's principal characters is not the gift of all, but the, public have a right to demand cafe, study, and atten tion. Thjs demand was fully satisfied by'Mr Robinson. Labor omnia vincit, Mr Robinson is evidently anxious to excel'arid, is therefore! capable 'of im prpveriient, and as nature never denies that which industry attempts to attain, we predict that Mr Robinson will, by oarefal reading and rehearsing, become at least as good an impersonator of Shakespeare's leading-characters as is ordinarily met with, lho ghost of Mr Reynolds was one of the best ghosts we ever saw. His intonation was not so excessively selpulchral as to be ridiculpup, but at the same time had the depth of intonation suited for the s616mn"and preternatural occasion. Mr Reynolds clearly has taken the advice that Hamlet gives to the players in act' 3, scene 2, and which Pope has wedded to immortal verse " Speak slow. All other graces Will follow in their proper places." The Horatio of Mr Jamieson was ▼ery well conceived and rendered, as also were the characters of Marcsllus and ,l}ernado by Messrs Mitchelson and Stormont. The farce of Bo:: and Cox, the characters in which were sustained by Messrs. Bromley and H. M. Smith, and that of Mrs Bouncer bj Mrs Skeene, elicited the usual amount of applause consequent upon the absurd positions in which the three characters at times find themselves. • ■ The -dresses and r.aenic effects were .good thrpughout the programme, and the former were especially noticeable, in the i principal characters of the selection fiom Hamlet. The orchestra presided over by Mr T. Thew added not a little to the entertainment. The attendance on Tuesday night was scarcely What might be expected from the success attendant on the former efforts of the club, but the deficiency was partially made up on. Wednesday, when a large number of the elite of Gipps Land favored the amateurs with. their presence. • ■ • 