MACLAREN VALE. (From our own Correspondent.! Maclareu Vale, July 2". AVe have had very wintry weather lately—col i with abundance of rain. The crops rose higher I .st week than they have during the season. The young crops promise well. Some paddocks of peas are looking very fiue. Peas have been cultivated rather more extensively than usual this season. The busy time being over, vinegrowers aie employed pruning. Vegetables are not vciy plentiful. On Tuesday (23rd) the members of the Mutual Improvement Association met to elect officers tor the ensuing year. The liev. .T. Howie w;is re elected President. Mr. John Martin, Vice-Presi dent, Mr. Scotcher Treasurer, 'aud Sir. W. Martin was elected Secretary. After the routine business the remainder of the time was devoted to 1 elocution, aud some very good pieces were delivered. A very pleasant evcuing was spent. South Australian Bonds.—Out of the £70,000 worth of bonds offered by the Government, £1(!,000 worth have been taken up by some of the Banks at £103 15s. Tbubo.—As we have mentioned that the report supplied to us of the late tramway meeting at Truro was one which we could not insert, we think it only justice to Mr. A. Kauffmann to contradict the statement in last Saturday's Chronicle that he is our correspondent in that town. The late Inquest at Mount Crawford.—Our Williamstown correspondent complains of the manner in which, from the want of space, we were compelled to abridge his Teport of the above inquest, and he considers that the evidence of William Thomas, which was omitted, had an important bearing on the case. Our object is always to retain the main points, and if tiiis was not done in the present instance we very inueh regret it. Wcmake this explanation in justice to our correspondent, who is apprehensive (very needlessly, we imagine) that he mar be suspected of having suppressed a portion of the evidence. Railway Traffic.—The traffic on the South Australian Railways forthe week ended July 13 was:—Port Line—Passengers, 4.S23; fares, £207 Ss.; goods, £346 14s. 6d. North Line-Passen gers, 1.611; fares, £338 19s. 3d.; goods. £924 7s. lid. Total, £1,817 9s. SO. Imported Stock.—The Pekina has brought a very line entire horse, but the consiguee is not mentioned in the eargo-list. Death or Mb. Joseph Peacock. M.P.—On Thursday night the sad intelligence was tele graphed from Gleneig that Mr. Peacock had died shortly before 6 o'clock. He had been suffering for three weeks previously from congestion of the liver. On Thursday morning he became insensible, and remained so to the last. He was attended by Dr. Bayer and Dr. Hall, of Gleneig. The bereaved family consists of a widow and three daughters— the eldest about eight years of age. Thb South Australian Agricultural and Horticultural Society.—It is notified in our advertising columns that the annual ploughing matches and show of entire horses will be held on Thursday, August 22. The prize-list, which has been largely increased this year, will he advertised next week. We are also requested to direct atten. tiou to an announcement that advertisements may be inserted in the Society's Journal, which this year will contain ths prize essays on diseases in wheat. Thb North.—Letters from Umberatana, July 19, say that during the past week there have been fine days and frosty nights. From Paratoo, July 22, we learn that a nice shower had fallen on the previous Saturday. New Wbslbtan Church in South Adelaide. —A meeting of the seatholders of the Pirie-strect Church (convened by circular) was held in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall, on Friday evening, July 19\. About 150 persons were present. The Rev. J. G. Millard presided, and stated that the erection of au additional Wesleyan Church in the city had long been contemplated, and that the Trustees had resolved to proceed with the building of the same on the site adjoining the Sunday-Schoolroom in Gilbert-Btreet. Plans of the proposed structure were submitted to the meeting and much admired. The sum of £1,05J was at once promised, and a bazaar projected by the ladies in furtherance of the object. The meeting was most harmonious, and freely contributed to the object in view. Stockwkll.—A correspondent informs us that "Apreliminary meeting (Mr. Kiey in the chair was held on July 11, at the Stockwell Hotel, to take into consideration the advisability of holding a ploughing match. The following gentlemcu were elected as a Committee, viz.:—Messrs. D Shannon, J.P. (Chairman), Miller, Snodgrass, Baise, Wilson, Davison, Kerr, Alex. Snodgrass, Rohlacb, and Klempke. Mr. W. C. Harrison to act as Hon. Sec. It was also resolved that four lists be furnished to the Committee for collecting subscriptions in aid tf the movement. The meeting was then adjourned to a future day, when the rules will be formed and the time fixed for the match to take place." Immigration.—We believe that some misappre hension exists as to the probable early arrival of a fresh batch of immigrants. The fact, as we have the best authority for statiug, is that the next immigrant ship is not expected to arrive till about the middle of September. Boiling Down.—We understand that the squat ters in Kiverina are making arrangements for boiling down. A gentleman is now in Adelaide purchasing stooks for casks for the tallow; and we hear it is inteuded to float the full barrels down the river if practicable. The Proposed Wesleyan College.—The Rev. John Watsford and Mr. T. G. Waterhouse waited upon His Excellency the Governor last week, and asked him to use his influence with H.E.H. the Duke of Edinburgh to induce him to lay the foun dati'.m-stone of the new Wesleyan College during his visit to this colORy. His Excellency kindly gave a subscription towards the building, and promised to lay the matter before the Prince. Rohan Catholic Church, Wallaroo.—The Wallaroo Times says:—1"The laying of the foun I p dation-stone of the Soman Catholic Church took ! d place last Sunday (21st). A large concourse of 1 E persons assembled to witness the ceremony, in- o eluding many from Kadina and Moonta. Mass - was said in the wooden chapel in the morning. Shortly after its conclusion, a little before noon* the Very Hey. J. Smyth, the Rev. Mr. Reynolds! y and the Rev. Mr. Kennedy issued from t-lie chapeb li and, preceded by lads habited in white and bearing h holy water and the Bible, proceeded to the western end of the site of the new edifice, where a wooden cross hail been erected, and ofl'ered prayer. They * then walked to the eastern end, and, standing P before the foundation-stone, recited the Catholic 1 litany and other forms of prayer. After this a 1' bottle wits placed in a cavity of the stone on which ® the foundation-stone was to rest, containing a parch- ^ ment. in which waswritten the facts usually insc: ibed 11 on sucli- aocumeii's. The stone was then blessed in fl accordance witlillieritesoftheCatholicChurch, and >■ having been deposited in its place by Messrs Kcrrison and Phillips, the Rev. Mr. Smytli' touching it with a silver trowel, pronounced it laid 55 , °?me of tlle father, of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost. After some other formalities had been observed, the Rev. Mr. Smyth mounted a - platform under a canopy, which had been ini- ' provised, of canvas and pine branches, reading from 1 the 1st to tiie 11th verses, inclusive, of the 1st * chap, of Malachi, and taking those portions of Scripture as the basis of his discourse, he pro Scripture as the basis of his discourse, he pro- 1 cegded to deliver a sermon that was characterized I by much eloquence, fervour, and impressiveness. t'n the conclusion of the sermon it was announced that contributions would be received towards the building fund. Subscriptions at once were banded in rapidly, and in a short time there was collected upwards of .£140. We understand that about £250 had been previously contributed to the fund." f The Case of J. Z. Sellar.—We understand 1 that an order has been issued to the Sheriff, under j the provisions of the Habeas Corpus Act, directing > him to bring up J. Z. Sellar to the Supreme Court {. to-il; y (Saturday), when ail application will be J made for his release from custody. ' Eciiuxg.v Gold-Fields.—We understand that the Surveyor-General has recently paid a visit to the Echunga Gold-fields, and that lie has reported the result of his visit to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. It is said that Mr. Goyder's report is sufficiently encouraging to warrant much more extended operations than have yet taken place on the field. We believe that the attention of several gentlemen has recently been directed to Echunga, mi l that through their ellbrts an attempt will now he made fairly to test the value of the diggings. The project is one which in the present state of the colony deserves encouragement; aud although the statement will be received with a great deai of scepticism, it is said we are on the eve of a good thing at Ecliuuga. Wc hope it may prove so. Swung Creek Mining Company.—The half yearly meeting of the Spring G.eek Mining Company was held at the Company's office; Temple-chambers, on Monday, July 22. There were 11 shareholders present, aud Mr. G. Young occupied the chair. The balance-sheet was read and adopted, and the following motion was duly proposed, seconded, aud carried—"That the Directors be empowered to let the mine and -ection, or either of them, at such terms as they may think fit, not exceeding 12 months, within a I period of the next six months." It was also resolved "That all shares on which calls are now j due shall be absolutely forfeited if such calls are I nut paid on or before the 1st of August next, aud on such foifeiture the shareholders on the register shall he sued for all calls due at the date of for feiture." A vote of thanks to the chair closed the proceedings. Lime-burning at North Adelaide. — The | City Council at its last meetiag agreed to allow the burning of lime on the Roman Catholic Church i ground, in North Adelaide, provided none of the [ inhabitants objected to it. We understand, how j ever, that several verbal and written remonstrances have been received by the Town Clerk agaiust it, and the Ven. Archdeacon Russell lias received noti fication that it cannot he allowed. The Iiuke of Edinburgh on the Peninsula.— A preliminary meeting to take into consideration the best means to be adopted for giving a welcome to the Duke of Edinburgh was held at the Cornu copia on Monday evening. There was a fair atten dance, hut not much business done. One gentleman proposed that communication should be opened with the General Committee in Adelaide; suggest ing that tiie Prixcc should come by steamer to Clinton, when a kangaroo hunt could be arranged "J" the Peninsu ar Committee, to be followed by a banquet in the evening; the first part of the next day to be devoted to visiting the mines and the r.P.'V!.1®?? }yprts- Prince and liis retinue re . u.v,u.,4K me rnucc unu 111s re in lull re tui mug to Clinton in the afternoon. Several other suggestions were made, after which tiie meeting was adjourned to the following week.—Wallaroo Times. Trade ox the Peninsula The Wallaroo Times of tiie 2ltli says:—"During the past month the supply of mccliauics, miners, and labourers has been in excess of demand, owing to the stoppage of the Buira Mine and the low price of copper. Mining operations have been suspended at the Karkarilla, and the Company is about winding up under a liquidator. The Euko has stopped owing to the shareholders not paying the calls made. The Clialla is a dead letter at present. The Wheal James Company is waiting for more ground to be proved in the Wheal Hughes, the ad joining section. The ParramaUa continues to yield large quantities of ore, and is the only Company under the Limited Liability Act that has been ab'e to carry on operations for any length of time without making calls. At present there are 30 men employed, and 100 tons ore at grass, flaring the month copper has advanced in price, and the Smelting Woiks are now giving Its. £'li. per unit: returning charges, £310s. per ton." The Pabramatta.—The Parramatta Mine con tinues to yield v.rv satisfactory returns of ore of excellent quality. The Iodr-s in course of working will, it is supposed, eventually run into one main lode. Considerable quantities of ore are being raised, much of it containing 24 per cent, of copper.—Wallaroo Times. Queensland Sugar.— We were favoured on Monday with the sight of a sample of very fair sugar made from windfall canes grown at Cleve land in Queensland. Members of Parliament Sitting in Court of Afteals.—The following despatch from the Secretary of State has been laid on the table of the House of Assembly :— ..... T , "Downing-street, February L 1S67. rer—I liave the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your Despatch No. 52 of the l(;th November, and to inform )ou that Iter Majesty will not be recommended to exercise her power of disallowance in respect of the following Act of your Government enclosed in that despatch, viz., No. 2, 'An Act to protect certain persons from actions by -means of their being elected to Parliament while members of the Court of Appeals.' .... "Ihave, &c;, "Carnarvon." Wheal Coglin Mining Company. — At the annual general meeting of the Wheal Coglin Mining aud Smelting Company, Limited, held at the iCompany's office, Register-chambers, on Thursday, 25th J nil", 24 shareholders were present-, representing over 4,500 sliares. The balance-sheet and reports of the Visiting Director and Captains Pascoe and Collins were unanimously adopted. The retiring Directors, Messrs. Webb and Cossins, were re-elected; also the previous Auditors, Messrs. Stodart and Blackmore. After discussing Mr. Coglin's offer to sell to the Company the whole or part of his Rapid Bay property, it was ultimately agreed to adjourn the meeting to Mon day, the 5th August. A vote of thanks having been passed to the Chairman, the meeting separated. Parramatta Mining Company.—The ordinary general half-yearly meeting of this Company was held at their office, Temple-chambers, on Thurs day, the £5th July. Eleven shareholders were present, aud Mr. O. H. T. Connor occupied the chair. Reports from Captain Warren, dated June £.4 aud July 23, were read. The Directors' report was read, and with the balance-sheet adopted It was resolved that the thanks of the meeting be accorded to Captain Warren for his efficient ser vices. Votes of thanks were passed to the Chair man and the Directors, and the meeting closed. Purlic Works.—The following tenders have been received at the Engineer and Architect's Office:—For watercloset fittings, drainage works, &c.;, new Government buildings, Adelaide—F. Reynolds, £485 (accepted); Wells & Dickcn, £545; J. Cleaver, £547 7s.; T. Tapson, £783; Carter and Draysey, £71)7; J. Anderson, £739; Hill & Fisher, £8.15; J. Gowling, £814 10s. For erecting a resi dence for the Harbour-Master, Wallaroo—R An derson, £1,197; E. Houey, £1,213; W. Hancock, E. De Garis. £1,32S 5s.; Taylor & Sffiars. £1,3.15, G. lyley, £1,372. For repairing present leiiccs, aim also the erection of new ones, at the Lunatic Asylum—\^. Lines, £350 19s. 6'cL (ac , juiou ijht bUt lac £foa 10s- Hill & Fisher £410; binith & luehardson, £420 10s. For erectius T r— , luH. ror erecuujr a shed and stoekvard adjoining the Supreme Court—W. Lines, £57 9s. Sd. (withdrawn); A. W. Stephens, £88 12s. (accepted); D. Treuewen, £191 TV. ' «ir . a/. j.reueweu, J-LdL iUs-) ,>V -.JVlci'a"i.s°". -£109 12s. 2d.: W. Pink, £115 bmdb & Richardson, £120 10s.; J. Turner, T- , lis-n}}J-;Ja"ies -Anderson, £139; Hill and Fisher, £1.10; 1. Dougall & Co., £132 8s. 10d.: James Paul & ft. Tornau, £140; Crocker and Law-soil, £149; \\\ uo. Pcrriam,£lC5; R. 11. Duncan, f i ii * r ®u:l^ey* <£180. Contract No. 2 ..—* tT * r *R)U. VAJUbrilCL J>0. 2 r New Lunatic Asylum-Charles Fair, £20.7o0 (accepted); W. Lines, £28,120 I4s ; VSc,kf,r^;I^fWS011' •C2',.24S; Blown & Thompson! £.{-.104; 1. Tapson, £3(5,300. For erecting a new /»Sr Calliugton—White & Burgess, £9% Ss. (withdrawn); Wells & Dicken. £1,145 (accepted); Hill & Fisher, £1,145; W. Richardson, x-i ' ' '■tapson, £1,20II; Alex, Hendry, £1,-115 10s. Tenders.—The following tenders have been received at the Public Works Office:—Roscworthy and Forresters Railway, Section No. 2—Messrs G. &E.; Fry, £8,722 lis. 8d. (accepted); W. Dal wood, £9,778 13s. 7d-; J. Crauk, £L0,G89 13s. 8d. Middleton and Strathalbyn Railway, Contract No. la—1'. Gunn, £3.7527s. 5d. (accepted); McNamee, AJ.bul 2s. 8d.; Morris & Milsoin, £5,508 7«. 4Sd. Parcels Delivery—J. Waterman accepted (out of a large number of tenders), at H J. each parcel at Adelaide, anil 2d. each parcel at Gawler and Kapunda. Girders for Finniss Bridge—W Pat terson, £1,013 7s. 10d., withdrawn; A Graham, £1.0'S7s. lOd. (accepted); Horwoud k Ellis, £1174 Ids. ti J.; G. Wyatt, £1,230 7s. Ud.; Williams and Russell, £1,248 18s. 31.; Martin & Loutit, £1,255 19s. Sd. In the tenders for railway works the totals are made np from the Government quan tities. calculated according to schedule price, but the Government do not bind themselves as to the quantities. The payment being according to schedule the totals may be altered. Road Metal.— a correspondent complains of the metal used upon the road between Teatree Gully and Uumeraclia as being of a brittle character, resembling talc, and dangerous to travellers from the sharpness of the fragments that are scattered by the horses' feet. The Duke of Edinburgh's Visit.—We have pleasure in publishing the subjoined correspon dence between Messrs. Joseph Stilling & Co. and His Excellency the Governor-in-CUief. The offer of Messrs. Stilling & Co. and Mr. Gunn to place a steamer at the service of H.S.1I. the Duke of Edinburgh, so that he may have an opportunity of visiting the Lakes and the noble Murray, is a very hamlsome one, and it is to be hoped the length of His Royal Highness's stay will enable him to accept the liberal olfer:— " Adelaide, July 26, 1807. "Sir—On behalf of Mr. Win. Gunn, of Wcnt worth, owner of the steamer Queen, we beg to place this steamer at the entire disposal of your Excellency, for auy period you may think proper, for the use of H.B.H. the Dultc of Edinburgh and suite, should His I loyal Highness wish to visit the South, to see Lake Aiex&ndriua;, the Murray mouth, Arc., or to take a up the Jtiver Mmray to Went worth, at the junction of the ttiver Dar hii^ aim hack. The steamer will, of course, be piovisioned, coaled, provided with suitable atten dants, and wcli- found iu every respect at the expense of Mr. (juun and ourselves, and the captain will be instructed to place himself uuder your Excellency's commands upon our receiving tiu cc or four days' notice to that effect. We shall be hapuv to entertain any sujwrestiou that might be made to us for carrying out this arrangement in rhn HPCf n/verJlilo rnon>.A. rjvl, . » _ ne maae 10 us lor carrying out tws arrangement in ! the best possible manner. This is not done from any ostentatious motive, hut rather that we may be ; permitted to show what loyalty we cau to the I Prince. "We have. Ac., I "Joseph Stilling & Co." To this His Excellency the Goveruor-in-Chief replied as follows :— „ " Government House, July 26.1S67. . Gentlemen—I am directed by the Governor-in Cuier to acknowledge and tliauk you for your leiter of tU:s date, placing at His Excellency's dig posal, on behalf of yourselves and Mr. Gunn, of Mentworth, the steamer Queen for the use of H.L..LL the Duke of Edinburgh. Whilst His l & n.f'Y- ,fui i: aPD'cciates the liberality and iojalty which this oiler eviuces, he regrets that he is unable from present advices to form any idea as to the leugth of the stay of His Royal Highness in this province, or'to what extent he may be disposed or able to avail himself of this or similar opportu j juries of becoming unmanned with the interior of the country. His Excellency will not fail to take the earliest suitable opportunity of making His Lojal Highness awaretlie arrangen,cuts which you propose for Ins convenience, and of iuforniinir you, as you desire, accordingly. have, icc.. «*»r„ t E.A.D.C. Messrs, J. Stilling & Co., &c.;,f The Late Mb. Joseph Peacock.-Wc men tioned the death of this gentleman in oar yester day s issue, and it will doubtless be acceptable to our readers to have a few more particulars respecting his carctr in this colony than we were then able to furnish. The deceased gentleman was the eldest sun of the Hon. W. Peacock, aud arrived in South Australia with his Darenis iu the <..ciin!von. Captain Marshall, on December 2S, 1S3S. Por several years past he has been associated with his father in the well-known firm of W. Peacock & Son, tanners and merchants, in Gren fell-strcet. In the second Parliament uuder representative government Mr. Peacock was returned for the Sturt District aloug with Mr. John Hallctt—Mi. it. H. Andrews, the present Attoiney-General, being defeated. The return stood thus:—Peacock, 223; Hallett, 163; Andrews, ] CO. _ Mr. Peacock coutinued to represent the same district till the time of his death, and seemed thoroughly to enjoy the confidence of his consti tuents. lhough he never took a very prominent position in politics, liis large knowledge of business and general good sense made hiu: a useful man iu Parliament. Mr. Peacock was a Director of the National Back and a Trustee of the Hurra Mining Company. He was twice married—the first time to Miss Goocli, who died shortly after the mar riage; ami the second time to MEs Haughton, the lady who now mourns his loss. He had one child by his first wife, who died in infancy, and three daughters by the present Mrs. Peacock, the eldest of whom (not the youngest, as was inadvertently stated in our issue of yesterday) is eight years old. AD. Peacock was present at the opening of Partial ment on tlie 5th inst., soon after which he became so ill as to alarm bis friends. Por some days he has been gradually sinking, his medical attendants giving no hope of liis ultimate recovery, and on Thursday (£>ih) he passed away in the 43rd year of his age, leaving many friends to regret liis early death. The Assembly adjourned its sittings on Friday out of respect to their late colleague. The funeral will take place at the We-t-terrsca Ceme tery to day, at a quarter before 2 o'clock. The Late Mat. 'Joseph Peacock, ALP.—The vessels at Port Adelaide on Friday hoisted their colours at half-mast as a mark of lcspcct to the memory of the late Air. Joseph Peacock. Forestry at Auburn.—On Wednesday evening, , e 'k inst., a •^oresters' Court was opened at the Town Hall, called "Comt Auburn, No. 457s." lwenly-two persons had put down their names as desirous of joining, ami 14 presented themselves h.S.C.11. Hemingway, assisted by 1 .C. L. Barkia, of Court Rose of Forest, opened Hie Court, and appoiated the following officers:— P-C.fi. Jacka as Chief Banger, P.S.C.K. Hoimes as S.C.K., p.S. Rarkla Secretary, Brother Jos Gray Senior Woodward, Brother Charles H* Richardson Junior Woodward, Brother Carey Senior Beadle, and Brother Clark Junior Beadle. After the ceremony was concluded, the doors were opened, and the "outsiders" admitted to a first class cold collation. Between 30 aud 40 sat down. D-S-C..R. Hemingway presided, and Junior Wood uara (cnanes iiic/jardsou) iu tfac vice-ciiair. After ample juduee had beeu done to tlie good thuiirs provided, and the cloth removed, the Chairman leave the usual loyal aud patriotic toasts, which dPiy !lunou£Vd. K0.il. Lark! a proposed \- fhe .district Uihcers." AU who took auy m.erest in such Societies must have become well acquainted with the names of the District Officers and he was glad to see the Chairman in the place he occupied that evening. (Cheers.) Drunk with Foresters fire. The Chairman iu response said ti?» I a weat, responsibility rested on the District Officers, and liey had the welfare of He ws pleased to find that the Order was making rapid progress. 1st December, 18s5, the Order in Great Britain and Ireland comprised 212 Districts, 3,291 Courts, with 2S7.U6 members; and in the colonies. , , Uis'ri"s; C?,mts,\ and 13,831 members ; ™ in 117- M —3 Districts. 3,493 Courts, and 301,07/ members. At the same date iu 1866 wereiii Great Britain and Ireland 215 V, tnVt' courts and 301,437 members; aud V! 1JleS' 14 DlstricLs, 228 Courts, aud 7( « n?1.™. 8' showing an increase in the year of 4 Dastrrjts and Ho C-ourts. In noting the increase of the Order during tlie pant 20 years it is observable that in the first period of live years the increase of members was 6.3S2, in the second fiv?vi?f !SVr?'fars iu the third period of viJJ* u 1U t!ie ^ourtli period of five 237 sio i m'h.o°ir, 'tU increa8e in tire 20 yeais of Zi/.M-.. lii the last seven years the Order had about doubled its number of members (CheersI The Chairman proposed " Court Auburn" iu verv complimentary terms. C.ii. Jacka responded. P.O. 11. Parkla proposed The Town and Trade of He had seen the progress the township iifin i ,e seven years; its advance ment was sufficiently evidenced by the room in winch they were assembled. ..(Hear.) Brother J: JYv iresl)°bded. " The Fress" was El,<w V Jr"i ^ Jasper, who said that they p"gIi ,5° /cc , P',oud °f. having an indepeudeut Press that all their various grievances could be made known without fear or favour. (Cheers ) of the AdverUscr. the llegU'cr. and the Kapunda Herald severally relumed thtmbs on behalf of the proprietors. The ltarmony of the evening was kept up to a late hour, ad apparently enjoying themselves. The German Glcb.—We are informed that a movement is taking place amongst the members of the Get man Club with a view tojthe purchase of the Tivoli Hotel aud grounds, to convert them into premises and grounds suitable for the purposes of the Club. Alany persons will be glad if this is done, as it will in a satisfactory manner remove a nuisance which has too long existed. Narrow Escape.—On Friday morning, July 26 as;Mr. Woods, accountant in the Insolvent Court! was driving a gig along West-terrace, the horse. which was a young one aud had been out of work for some time, became restive, and by his violent kicking an<l plunging threw out AD. Woods, and Airs Woods, who was with li.m. The horse then made a bolt of it—AD. Woods's little boy being still in the gig—and reached the Town Hall build lugs without accident, a man of Mr Mcllor's establislunent having on the way clambered up into the gig and eudeavoured to catch the reins aud stop the horse, but without success The vehicle capsized iu the passage behind the Town Had, aud the little boy was taken up by one of a crowd who had gathered round from underneath the seat. Fortunately neither he nor Mr. aud Mrs Woods were hurt, and little or uo Ha,},,,. waa doue to tlie horse or the vehicle. ansa AITKEN AT Gniif bacha.—Our Gumeiacha correspondent sends us an interesting report of a most successful literary aud musical entertain ment given in the Institute Lecture-room on Thursday, July IS, by hfiss Aitkeu and air. J. \y. Daniel. We have so fully doue justice to the hii.y s powers duriDg her stay in town that we cannot afford space for the enthusiastic comments of our various country correspondents; hut it mav suffice to say that the laurels gathered by Miss Aitken m Adelaide are in no danger of fading at Gumeracha; and that air. Daniel, whose vocal powers are well known, acquitted himself iu his usual masterly style. We see that he was sun ?vrti li1„e ^ "G?li Dless the Prince of v\ ales, by Mr. F.J. Lewis, of Gumeracha. The programme is said to have been the best ever given m the room, and the natural finale wasaheartr vote of thanks, moved by Dr. Wilkinson, seconded by air. S. Kaudell, J.B., and supported by aD J afonfnes. ScnooL Examination at Skillogolee Cbeek. —The first annual examination of the Skillogolee Creek Day-school was field on Tuesday, tlie 16th inst,, the fiev, R. Lang, of Watervale presiding lhe children were examined in reading writing" grammar, geography, spelling, and dictation, and acquitted themselves in a satisfactory manner. At the close of the examination tea and cake "were provided for the children, followed by a public tea, to which full justice was done by the adults In the evemug a public meeting was held, wheri rile Lev. L. Lang was again voted to the chair The pleasure of the meeting was much enliauced by several recitations given and pieces sung bv the children; also by the choir, assisted by the tekcl er (who presided at the harmonium). All acquitted themselves in a very creditable manner. 11,2 number of children in actual attendance is atom 40 lhe prizes presented by the trustees were dis tributed m the course of the evening. The trus tees of the school have received a handsome sent from AD. Joseph E. Bleechmorc. «f Auburn" in Hie shape of a large map of AusDalia for the use of the school.—Correspondent. 