KAPUNDA RACES. The Kapunda Races commenced on Wednes day, March 20, the day's proceedings being moat agreeable and successful. It is some years since Kapuiiila. has had public races ; but this bea=ou some of the leading sportsmen in the township and neighborhood made an effort, and procured subscriptions sufficient to warrant them iu offeiiug prizes calculated to tempt racing uiuu to compote, and to ensure several days' good sport. Ou Wednesday the whole town of Kapuuda seemed to be alive witli ex pectation, numbers of people having collected iu the streets in front of th(» handsome hotels that adorn that town. .Severed of Cobbi Co.'s light coaches started out, crowded with nassen girs, for thegrounJ, distant abouttwo miles from Kapunda. All along the road there were persons bent on sport and travelling to the scene of enjoyment iu vehicles of eveiy description — waggonettes, buggies, carriages, and convey ances of a more modest character. Arrived at the paddock in which the starting-box was placed, we found a long line of horses drawn along the fence, with numbers of vehicles in the road. This arose from the charge levied at the gate — Is. Gd. for vehicles, whether drawn by one or two horses, and 2s. for horsemen, the latter being charged higher, on the ground that they were more trouble to keep from trespassing on the course. It bciug but a short distance from the gate to head-quarters, many visitors preferred leaving their horses and traps in the road, and proceeding to the ground on foot. The straight- runuing presented a very lively ap pearance, a number of extensive booths being pitched on the ground, while persons from all parts of the district had collected, till by the time the racing commenced hardly less than 2,000 were on the spot. Many of the leading residents of that part of the country, including magistrates, well-known sportsmen, and others of prominent position, were present. Adelaide racing men were there in great force. The most pleasing part of the day's display was the great number of fair equestrians who graced the scene, and alforded the most delightful impression of country gatherings. The horses that contended were, some of them, old veterans ; others had been successful elsewhere, while some wre new to fame. Village Belle asto nished the knowing ones, carrying away the Maidens and the District Race. Old Mack made his appearance in the Town Plate, but did not run ;ls usual. He cannot last for ever, and w-c were sorry to see the game old horse at a disadvantage. The running in the Town Plate lay between Cliarlie O'lfalley, who was terribly lame, and Stag, the former winning the first heat. Stag the second. At the third heat Charlie's owner would not torture the horse any more, and allowed Stag to walk over. The Hacks was a gift to Mr. J. Harvey's Minna. The running lay through several paddocks, and for soinp distance over ploughed ground, severely trying the wind and mettle of the horses. We -«rfll now glw the races in order, beginning Witfa*he Maiden Plate, 20 sova. ; one mile ; weight for ≥ ; entrance, 2 sovs. For this there weru seven entries. Mr. H. Bawden's blk.ui. Village Belle, aged Stevens ? 1 Mr. Morris's b.k Happy Jnek, aged, 10 st. lib. (Sbugg) ? 2 Mr. Simmons's b.h. Twilight, aged, 10 St. lib. (Owner) ? 3 Mr. O. Adcock's 'b.f. Tormentor, 3 yrs., 8 St. 8 lb. (Nunn) ? 4 Mr. O. Adcock's b.g. Coronet, 4 yrs., 9 st 81b. (Drawn) ? 0 Mr. O'Dea's b.ui. Jennette, 5 yrs, 9 st. 12 lb. (Fitzpatrick) ? 0 Mr. Jas. Harvey's c.f. Minna, 3 yrs., 8 st. 8 lb. (Calvin) ? 0 The homes got away fairly. Village Belle took the lead soon after starting, and kept it all through, winning by a length ; Happy Jack second, Twilight third, and Tormentor fourth. Town Plate, 50 sovs. ; two miles, heats ; weight for age. Entrance, 5 sovs. Five entries. Mr. J. Scott's b.g. Stag, 5 yrs., 9 st. Ulb. (Tothill) ? 2 11 Mr. U. Pegler's g.g. Charlie O'ilalley, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (Owner) ? 1 2 dr. Mr. W. G. Morris's br.h. Darkio, 4 yrs., 9 st. 5 1b. (Shugg) ? 3 0 0 Mr. L. Barnard's b.g. Booyoolee, 4 yrs., 9 st. !5 lbs. (AV. Simpson) Mr. Ryan's e.g. Mack, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (Stevens) At the first heat Charley O'Malley took the lead and kept to the fore, though hard raced all round by Stag, and won by a trifle ; Stag second, Darkie a good third. Second Heat.— The grey was very lame, both in his fore leg, and u as also lame behind. It seemed impossible that he could have the ghost of a chance ; but he made a hard race of it, notwithstanding his crippled state. A very fair start was effected, Stag taking the lead, waited on very closely by O'Malley. The grey soon caught his. opponent, and they struggled for it ; hut Stag got ahead again. As the lot approached the straight running the first round Stag led, Darkie and the grey coming behind together, the others all in a lump. On reaching the ploughed land again the horses were all in a ruck ; aud coming round for the race in Charlie O'Malley shot forward, passing Stag, when a terrrible race followed, Stag recovering his ground and winning by a neck, Darkie third. Mack's rider whipped him after passing the post, aud the horse threw him, or rather he lost his balance and fell. Booyoolee was no where in particular. The third heat Charley was drawn and Stag walked over. District Race, of 20 sovs. ; one mile — heats ; weight for age. Entrance, 1 sov. , for all horses the bona fide property (previous to January, 1S67), of residents within 20 miles of Kapunda. Four entries : — Mr. H. Bawden's blk.in. Village Belle, aged (Stevens ? 0 11 Mr. G. Morris's b.g. Railway Harry, aged(Shugg) ? 0 2 2 Mr. Mullen's b.g. Odd Stocking, aged (Robinson) ? 0 3 3 Mr. J. Shannon's g.g. Prophet, 3 years (Waring) ? 0 0 0 First Heat.- Poor start ; Oddstocking lead ing ; Railway Harry second. Soon the lot gathered together aDd Village Belle showed to the fore, but Railway Harry collared her, and a desperate race ensued, resulting in a dead heat ; Oddstocking third j Prophet nert inside a post, and was disqualified. Second Heat. — A great race ; the Belle win ning by a length aud a-half , hard held ; Railway Harry second ; Oddstocking a bad third. Third Heat. — Oddstocking led off, but soon had to give way, the Belle and Railway Harry rapidly overhauling and passing him. At the ploughed ground Railway Harry was flogging and trying his best, but at the straight running the mare shot ahead and won easily. Hacks. — Sweepstakes of 10s., with 5 sovs. added. Mile heats ; weight, 8 stone ; post entrance. Six entries. Mr. J. Harvey's Minna ? 1 1 Mr. Scott's Quiz the Wind ? 0 2 Mr. Smith's Beda ? 2 3 Mr. Adcock's Alice. Mr. Ryan's Nellie. Mr. Batten's Juliet. Both heats were a gift to Minna — Quiz the Wind and Bed*, however, tunning well for second place. This concluded the day's sports, and the assembly broke up. Throughout the day there had been no accident of any import ance, and no disorder. In the evening Kapunda was very lively, the hotels being so crowded that it was difficult to procure a bed. Mr. Chas. Knight exhibited fireworks in the yard of the Sir John Frauklyn Hotel, and had a large attendance of spectators, who seemed delighted with the beautiful and varied display of the pyrotechnic art they were favored with. 