RANDWICK SPEING MEETING, 1867. I (From a Correspondent.) First (Derby) Dat, Saturday. The first day's racing of the Randwiok Spring Meeting of 1S67 took place on Saturday 1 he attendance, though rather thin at first, increased as the afternoon wore on, and by three o'clock a large number was on the ground The interest for the last few days m the races has not been nearly so great as that evinoed before the last Randwiok meeting, whioh faot may be attributed to the depression oaused by the late disastrous floods, and also to the entrances not being so good as on that ocoasion lhere was very little betting on any event-the only excitement in the ' ready " line being several sweeps, although they for the most part were of rather small amounts. The day was beautifully fine, and the turf all that could be desired, being in springy and elaBtic con- dition The usuil amount of raoeoourse amusements were carried on, the "pop-it-down " ' under and over " and "you don t-know the-oird for-a-fiver, gentlemen,' receiving a goodly am on o t of patronage. The races whioh were, without exception, well contested, were as follows - Tirst Race -The Trial Stakes, of 4 sovs. each, with 40 sovB added for horses 3 j ears and upwards whioh have not won a puze exoeeding 50 sovs up to time of entrance, U mile Mr T li Smith s oh h Springbok i years 8st l'Un 1 Town s b p Gratis 4 years Sst 91bs 2 Mr J Tait s b g Karey aged Oat Gibs 3 There were seven started for this raoo, Gratis being the favourite After a little trouble an equal start was effeoted, when Whalebone went to the front, with Gratis second, and Rirey third the others being well up On passing Tne Rocks Gratis went to the front, whioh place he shortly afterwards resigned to Springbok A warm struggle between the two latter took plaoe in the straight running to the winning post wbiob terminated in favour of Mr Smith's horse by about a length, Rnrey throe lengths behind Gratis, and the others in oloseatten dano Second Race -The Derby St Leger Handicap Sweep Blakes, of 10 sovs eaob, with 200 sovs added, for 4 years, 2 miles, the second horse to receive 40 sovs. from the prize Mr Chaaflens bro Sir John "at 71bs 1 Gibbon s b o Hambledon Hill 8at 2 C B Usher s roi" Seagull Sst 61b 3 lhere were tour entrances for this race, but Emerald did not appear, Hambledon Hill and Seagull being abont equal favourites The bay colt went awa> with the start, air John close up, and Seagull all behind The latter during the race drew up to Sir John, but fell behind shortly afterwards In the above order they raced till they oatne to the straight run home, when Sir John drew np to Hambledon Hill, and a brilliant finish web made, resulting in a victory for the former by nearly a length, Sejgull being nowhere Tuiro Race -The Australian Derby Stakes of 30 sovs. each, for 3 years, colts 8st lOlbs., fillies 8st 5lbs , seoond horse to receive GO boys, out of the stakes, ) J mile Mr T Tait s b c Fireworks 8st 10 lbs 1 It Dines bl c The Italian 8st lOlbs 2 J Tait s eli c Glencoe 8st lOlbs 3 Dr Bowker s b f Carnation Sst Slbs 3 In thiB race Fireworks and Little Fish were the favor ltcB, Italian not being spoken of The horses got well away together, and when passing the stand the Italian was leading by a length, with Fireworks seoond, and the others in a heap with the exception of Little Fish, which was all behind. Io this order they remained till round- ing the corner into the straight running, when a spirited contest for first prize took place, and amidst loud shouts of "Italian has it," "Fireworks, Fireworks," the bay colt ran in a winner by abont a neck, Glencoe and Carna- tion being a tie for third place lois waB the most ex oiting event of the day, and the winner was loudly applauded. Fonrtb Raoe -The Innkeepers' Stakes of 7 sovs eaoh, with 70 sovs added, for 3 years and upwards which have not won a prize exceeding 100 sovs up to the time of entrance, 1J mile, second horse 14 sovs. out of the prize Mr E Cobcrofts bb Paganini 4}ears 8 st 12 lbs 1 J Tait s b g Archer aged o st 10 lbs 2 T Lalee juu s eli f Satauelta G years 0 st 2 lbs 0 Malliy s b g Barebones aged J st 10 lbs 3 For thiB race eight horses oame to the scratch, and, after two false starts, n fair get-away was obtuned On passing the stand Emerald was leading by a length, New- ington second, Barebones a good third, and the others in aloso attendance excepting Paganini, whioh was several lengths behind A few insignificant ohanges took place amongBt those lu front before reaohing the telling cor- ner, when at that plioe Mr Coboroft's colt, which had been considerably in tbo rear all along, with a rush passed all the others, and landed a good winner Aroher and Satanella were a dead bett for second place, and Barebones a good third. Fifth Race -The Epsom Handicap, of 5 sovereigns, with 50 sovereigns added, for three j ears and upwards , 1 mile, second horse to reocive IO sovereigns from the prize. Mr G Jv Waldrons b g Birmingham aged Sst Gibs 1 A Campbell s eli m Stranger G years 7st .lbs 2 lhere were ten entronoes for this race, but on!) use showed out to the third bell ¡stranger led away from the start, olosaly followed by Birmingham, the others, with the exception of Maritana, all together and well up The distance being only a mile the paoe was hot to the finish At the aorcer near tho straight run Stranaer wa» passed b\ Birmingham, whioh ponuon the latter retaioed to the winning post Ludia third We add, from the S if Herald of yesterday, received last evening, the introductor) comments of the reporter of that paper on the various races of the day The sport provided on Saturday was of a very high order, there being » good oortest for overy one of the fiv i n izas in the programme. The Trial Stakes brought a field of seven to the post, the winner being found in Mr r H Smith's choHuut horse, Springbok, the stable com- panion of Bouquet who is in the Metropolitan Stakes the Richmond horse Gratis was the most fanoied for this race, whi o a large number of people pinned their faith to Butterfly-not so muoh from au) belief that she possessed any wonderful ance I as irom the tnots that she was by William fell, and carried a von lightweight Not a te » trusted to old Rarey with Ashworth up io the ' jollowand black," to pull them through, but the poor old horse, that bas hitherto beon considered mdestiuotible, broke down badly, although ho managod to secute the honour of third plaoe, the f wounte bung second. Springbok, currying 8 st. 13 lbs, non the raoo oleverh , aid ii Bouquet ot the same year oan beat him easil), as is stated, she ought to ha\o a chanco tor tho Metropolitan, seeing she has but 7 Bt 7 lbs to carry. The next raoe was the Darby St Leger Handicap, for which there were fourteen subscribers, three only of whom oame to the post. There lins been but little specu- lation on this race, except in double» and trebles, as it was seen from tho first that there would be a very small field, and m all the doubles and trebles either Seagull or Hambledon Hill (exoept a few on Bylong while it was believed he had any obance for the race) were seieoted to pull oil the first event We never heard of a single wager in whioh Sir John was baoked either right out or in a double or treble event, having proved auob a dufllr hitherto, H was thought he had not got the ghost ot a ahanoe, not- withstanding the diflerence in weight, either with Sea- gull or Hambledon Hill It was in tact-as a turf writer rooontly wrote of another event-a '* Rothsohild's offioj to a oasual ward ' against him The event proved, how- ever, that Sir John-who was never in such form as now -was too good, at the weights, for Seagull, who never hid « show for it from the full of tho dag, and that Hambledon Hill oould not give him 7 lbs and travel with him fer the laBt 200 yards of two milos. Ula oh nu, tho Judge, was warmly congratulated upon his victory. lae raoe par excellence of the day waa the neil event upon the card-The Derby, the ontries closed with 35 Bubsonbecs ihesowere reduced by scratching tonino on the card, and soven finally faced the flag A somewhat larger field was anticipated tor this raoo, but a finer lot of three-year olds thau the seven that oontosted for the "Blue Ribaud" on Saturday it would be difll oult to find. Ever since Fireworks (whose name erroneously appeared in connection with the name of Mr. Keighran instead of the name of Mr.Tait in our issue of Saturday) won the Champagne Stakes and the Nursery Handicap at the last Autumn Meeting, he has occupied the position of first favourite for this race, although there was a very general impression abroad that he could not stay for any distance beyond a mile. The olever way in whioh he oame homo after Stanley let him have his head at the Derby Corner on Saturday effeotually settled the question of his staying qualities, and it will surprise no one to find htm turn out both a flyer and a weight-oarrior Mr. Fisher's oolt, Little Fish, stood next in importance in the estimation of the publio, and we otnnot believe that he has thoroughly reoovered from the oougb. from whioh he was sufiering when landed here, or he would not have cot up so wretchedly. Curtain it is that he had no show at all in the raoe, and he finished absolutely last The Italian proved himself to be what biB owner (Mr. Dines) believed him to be all along-a good sound oolt, with plenty of pace It is impossible to say what the result would have been under other oiroumstanoea, but there »re those who believe that he oould have won the race bad he waited instead ! SST*^--M""^-"r".«i-i» of ontting ont the running. Glencoe, also bred by Mr. Dines, ran very well indeed, and proved the many ex- cellent raoing qualities possessed by the Lord of the Hills stook. Mr. Tait has now succeeded in winning two of the three Derbys that have been run for in the colony, and no trae sportsman will begrudge him his victories. The following are the names of the Derby winners, owner's names, time, &o.; : 1st Derby, run 2nd September, 1865. Mr. Oheelte's br.f. Clove, by Magus, out of Clove (Mar tineer). Time-2 min. 51 seo. 2nd Derby, run 1st September, 1866. Mr. Tait's bl.a. The Barb, by Sir Heroules, out of Young Gulnare (Stanley). Time-2 min. 48£ seo. 3rd Dbrbt, bun 3 1st August, 1867. Mr. Tait's b. o. FireworkB, by Kelpie, ont of Gaslight (Stanley). Time-2 min. 48 seo. It will be observed that the time of the Derby on Saturday was the best that has yet been made, and it is a significant faot that it was half a seoond less than the last Derby at Epsom, won by Hermit, was run in. The Innkeepers' Stakes brongbt a field of eight to the post, and the winner was found in Mr. Oobaroft's Paganini -a rank outsider, defeating Barebones (the favourite), Archer, and others. The Epsom Handioap was believed to be a gift to old Birmingham (Rainsworth and Lady Kingston having been withdrawn), and so the event proved. He won it in a cantor. 