general news. We regret%) annoxmcertfie decease, on Saturday morning, of Mr. D. G. Brook, of Port Adelaide, one of our oldest colonists. Mr. ■Brock had ;-been_:in:_ faffing-health for. several montlis. He was the companion of Sturt in some of that gallant explorer's most difficult and dangerous journeys into the interior. In fact the privations of those journeys are supposed to have scattered his constitution,; and. he. never entirely recovered his former robust health.' He came to the colonjr in 1838, 'and was employed upon the' Register newspaper, which was then in its babyhood, arid under the management of the lata Messrs. Stevenson and Thomas! Subsequent to that he settled at the. Port, we believe, as agent for the late Captain Scott, and he has re mained there ever since, having been in business for himself there for a number of years. Mr. Brock was a brother-ofthe Bev.'W'm. Brock, the celebrated Baptist minister of1' London. He made numerous friends by reason-of his genial manner and upright conduct, and his remoalis deeply : regretted, He has. left ,a wife: and family. - ' . On Friday morning, during the thunder storm, a'large stack of hay, the property of'Mr. G. Ind, of 'Paradise, was strack by lightening and totally consumed.' ■ : An. adjourned meeting of the retail drapers was ."held -at,the Norfolk -Arms,on Friday morning, the Hon. John Hodgkiss in the chair. The businessiwas to receive the report : ofthe deputation which were appointed at the previous meeting to ask a few firms who were unwillingto close 'their establishments at the proposed hour,J 6 o'clock, throughout the year, if they would joiniin ;closing.at a later but ! uniform time, say 6: o'clock land' Saturday at 8 o'clock. The deputation reported that five or six persons positively refused to close at those : hours, and the movement fell through for the ; want of unanimity. • j <" « ; J i' We understand' thb Bank of. Adelaide ; intend closing the Goolwa Branch at the end of! the month, we:presume on account of there] being insufficient business, for, two .Banks,!-—| Southern Argus'. . j ]7■v.- '■ During the; ]past -freek there' has: been; unusual activity-at Goolwa'in the stores'arid; at j the wharves—3^500-] bales 'of wool-ha^e been ; landed there,' - and the outward' cargoes for twe I stumers''Have'arrived from 'Victor - Harbor, affprdihg employment to ri good -number • of ] men. lWe hope, that thie sdakon, !so;pfomisingly J commenced, may ]-be ja long' one.—Southern i Argus. ■■■ !i ^ •- i .Onqqf Messrs. Johhston & MurpHy's: Southern Cross Line, of steamers,, the Maranoa, after an absence ,qf: nearly ten months,.arrived; at Goolwa on Tuesday last ;with a full .cargo of : wool, particulars of which we give in our; ship ping report. This makes the fourth cargo, of Darling wool down the Murray River up to the present time, this season—in all, 1,888 bales.— Southern-Argus. ; .: ! t,r 0-j By the kiiridness qf Mr. jGeorge Young we have a copy, of the European Times of April 2,; received by the' Panama mail." Our extremely full telegrams a day or two since anticipated most of the.items in this paper. We may add that '.Lord Derby has been suffering fromgoiitj and at the'last dates Wasconfined to his bed. ..There are frill'details," though hot very. interesting,, of the cession, of Russian Arire rica to the United States.] The Post says this is full of direct hostility to Great Britain, arid is, in fact, a challenge from Washington. ' On the 28th Match Lord1 Stanley stated that if the Porte chose voluntarily to cede the' Mand of Crete to Greece 'no steps in' opposition would be taken. _ On . .the . .Great Eastern weigh ing ' her anchor ' ior New-York on March 26, some part of the machinery gave way, killing two men, and seriously injuring eight or ten more. The Imperial loan of three millions for the Canadian railway was carried by 247 to 67; Gladstone supporting and R. Lowe vehe mently opposing it. On March 30, in the North German Parliament, a resolution was carried, in opposition to Bismark, that the deputies should have their travelling expenses paid. On the 29th March the Chancellor of the Exchequer stated that an Irish Reform Bill would be laid before Parliament after Easter. The Moonta case was resumed o Friday, by Mr.Bagot replying on the points < whether Ryan had a legal right, and if si whether it was transmissible. Mr. Boucai followed on the same side, and after speaku sometime, Mr. Stow objected that he was n< confining himself to the points to whic it was agreed- the. argument should I exclusively directed. This led to a vei long discussion, Mr. Boucaut saying ths he could not avoid referring to co lateral questions. Mr. "Way said he could nc separate the points. The Chief Justice saw difficulty sometimes in trying to decide On on point, for they found the points interlaced so that they could not be separatee After a long discussion between the Bene and the counsel on both sides, it was arrange that Mr. Boucaut, and the counsel with him should go on with the whole case, the other sid to follow, aid Mr. Boucaut to reply. It bein nearly 1 o'clock,'the Court seeing that the c'as could not be concluded in the day], adjourned i till after the Civil Sittings. Some extraord nary . scenes : occurred between Mr. Justic Boothby and the other Judges, and severs members of the bar. - . i... : ; The first batch qf leases of scrub land with, right of purchase urider the Scrub Lam Act, is now advertised for sale./ The ;usual monthly meeting, of tl Committee of the Agricultural Society was he at the Norfolk Arms on Friday, June 7. The were present—The Hon. John Baker,- Preside of the Society (in the chair), the Hons. ! Hogarth and A. Blyth, Messrs. S. Davenpm C.- Giles, A. McKenzie, R. S. Kelly, l Hackett, J.Pascoe, A. Greig, D. Lithgow, •] Smith, R. D. Ross, G. F. Ind, H. H. Hausse and E, W. Andrews, and Mr. D. Elekwi (Acting-Secretary). ; The President read tl minutes - of the last meeting, which were co firmed.;. He thenremarked, as one of the dep tation which, had waited upon His Excellem with reference to increasing the funds of tl Society, that they were very favorably receive and had good hopes from what had been said 1 -His Excellency and the Chief Secretary th the,; means of. the Society, . derived. fro the Government would be; much, increased, was suggested by the. Chief ,• Secretary;on beii informed that more accommodation was need at the Exhibition Building that the, Committ should, send jn plans of; ; what ;they require He (the Chairman).had.spoken to Mr. JWardj the subject, and he had promised to see th plans were forwarded.1 The deputation,' inste; of asking for £200 had resolved to ask for £2,0C and it was promised that the Governine: would recommend a - larger sum; than.: tl Society already received. No doubt the-mei Hers of the Society had , read the report initl newspapers. The Hon. S. ^Davenport said 1 had read 'the reports - with pleasure, and ! thought it,was:.their duty,,in this.country place agriculture in a prominent position, be ing that it was sucha great agricultural countr The President remarked, that the most importa business for that meeting was. to .recei notice of any alterations which' were fequiri to be made in the rules; -The genera! meetii would be held.in Jqly, when.the rules would 1 revised, and members would have a month think over the proposed alterations. He th< read a letter from Mr. "Ward, the Secretary' the Society, suggesting- certain alteration Several of those present then gave notice - alterations which they intended to propo: in the rules. Mr. Pascoe thought a differei method should be had Of taking'money at'tl gates. Some check should be had upon tl money-takerS,' fori At present there was noi whatever. - He did not wish to insinuate an; thing against the money-takers, but he thougl it would be better for all parties if some systei of checking them were devised. Hegave notii of motion,of that for the next meeting!. Tl President then read .a letter from Dr. Mueck of TanundaJ with reference to the essays c wheat diseases, and'offering to give a lectin on the subject before]the members of the Societ if they wished. It waB resolved, on the motic of Mr. Smith, seconded by the Hon, T. Hogartl that Dr. Muecke's offer be at once accepted, an that the thanks of the Committee be given t him for his offer. On the motion of the Hoi A. Blyth, seconded by the Hon. T. Hogartl the following gentlemen were appointed a Sul Committee to carry out the necessary arrangi menls" for" the lecture—the President, and. Messrs. "YV. -Hackqtt and J. Pascoe. - A Sub- . Committee, to^revise the prize list for the; August Show-wasiiext elected, and the following seven 1 gentlemen were chosen for that purpose:— Messrs. E. Smith, "W. Thomson, "W. Ferguson, ,"W". Hackett, AUan^BeU, J. jChambers, and J. Frame. " Messrs: E. M." Bagot, Wr Ferguson, and W. Everard, M.P., were elected a Sub Committee for the purpose of selecting the land • for the Ploughing Match. A brief discussion then ensued as to which would be the best day for the lecture, the majority of the' meeting , being of opinion that there would be a larger attendance at the lecture if it was given on the evening of the day on which the general meet ing.was held. It was, however, left to the Sub Committee to fix-any other day as early as pos sible, if that time did not suit Dr. Muecke. The meeting then closed. A public entertainment m. connection with the Elocution Class of the South Austra lian Institute was given in the reading-room on Friday evening, June 7. There was a large at tendance, the room being crowded. Mr. Neville Blyth, M.P., occupied the. chair," and appro priately initiated the entertainment with some well-timed remarks^ respecting the. advantages attendant upon an acquaintance with elocution. He stated that the class connected with the In stitute for the : study of that particular branch of learning was established in 1866. The average number of members had been 30, and about 300 recitations and readings had been given; The subscription was Is. per quarter for members of the Institute, and. 2s. 6d. for other persons. The programme was then commenced, but nearly in the dark, in consequence of the gas- failing to burn. This, however, was subsequently remedied,' and—as the Chair man' ' had expressed a hope—additional light was thrown upon, the proceedings. The 'pi®063 selected -were ' without exception rendered remarkably well, and- the audience not unfrequently in - ah • unmistakeable manner evinced their appreciation.- "Where all was: car ried put so- excellently it would be invidious to particularise,: and- we shall therefore1 content ourselves with simply appending the pro gramme-:—Part i.—" Mark Antony's Oration," Mr. .Wm, Patterson,.;! scene from the " Eiyals," Act; 2?1 Scene. i -'Sir. Anthony Absolute,Mr. Harry Sparks y Captain Absolute, Mr. Moh teith; f 'Hqratius," Mr, Toms; .a sketch from Dickens, the" Hon. Secretary (Miv HAF., Price):; scene from " Othello," Act 3, Scene 3, Othello, * ?attersdn'j Iago, Mr. Shakespeare';, "Phil Considine and the Banshee," "Mr. P." M.! Cole man. Part II.—"The Deluge,"Mr. Macdonald; A.Caudle Lecture, Mr. Shakespeare;.,scene from "Hamlet," Act 1," Scene'3, Hamlet, Mr.' Patter son; Ghost, the Hon. Sec.; .Horatio, Mr. Mac-' donald; Marcellus,'Mr. Coleman; "A'Night's Adventure,?' Mr.r Phillips;- "The Frenchman and the Eats," the Hon.iSec..; "Darkness," Mr. Macmillan;-scene from the "Eivals," Act 3, Scene 1, Sir Anthony Absolute,, Mr. Harry Sparks; Captain Absolute, Mr. Monteith; and "Princess Alice Maud's Christening," Mr. P. M; Coleman. On the motion of Mr. Toms a hearty vote of thanks was accorded -to the Chairman, and the gathering dispersed.': ■ , " f s An adjourned meeting of the general Committee of the members of the In dustrial' . Protection League; was held at -the' Hotel Europe on Friday evening. There were about 70 persons in attendance,, "and the Hon. H. Mildred, M.L.C., President of the League; occupied the chair. In opening the proceedings he remarked that considerable time had been spent by the members : of the Com mittee in preparing a form of an improved tariff, which would be read, by the Secretary, and which it was thought would be better for the-colony than the existing one. Last Friday evening a meeting was convened for the pur pose of considering the tariff, but on account of •insufficient notice : having been given, the business was -not -proceeded -with. -After the tariff was read it would, be open for any gentleman to make any remarks he chose upon it, and the Committee would be willing to give any information in their power on the matter." Before, however, the tariff was read there was a resolution to propose. Mr. Connor moved the'first resolution, as under—" That in the opinion of this meeting the stagnation of trade" will be best remedied by a revised tariff, which» shall give encouragement to native in dustries." ' He made a few remarks in moving the resolution, pointing out the number of .un employed there were about Adelaide, and that the only way in which it could be remedied was by promoting native manufactures, and he hoped they would agree to the , new tariff. The motion having, been briefly seconded by Mi- .T B. Ghampioni, was carried unanimously amidst applause. ' The Secretary' then read the pro posed^ .new.' tariff. Mr. Bean then briefly explained the, "system on which the tariff had been framed, remarking that it was prepared , so, as to give every en com ragement to colonial manufacturers, by taking the duties off raw'materials and placing them on those articles which could bo manufactured here. He then touched upon the. principal arti cles, in the tariff, and concluded, by remarking that that was not the entire, tariff, but only an outline. ^ He suggested that every article should be mentioned in the tariff, the same as was done in the American tariff. Mr. Ferris proposed the next resolution—" That this meeting, approves of the amended draft tariff as now read, and pledges itself to use every legitimate means to secure its adoption by the country." The reso lution having been seconded, Mr. Joseph Skel ton, in a lengthy speech, referred to the articles in the tariff, and took objection to the amount of duty placed upon , some of them. He pointed out those' particularly which he thought could be made in the colony, in cluding fancy goods, glassware, artificial flowers and millinery, felt hits, ladies'undercloth ing, i boots andji shoes, rope' and cordage, flannels, doors and wiridows, wrapping and printing paper, furniture, dried fruits, and several other articles, and on which he thought higher duties should be placed. : He also pointed out those which he considered bhould be allowed to come in free of duty, and ad vocated a higher tax being placed upon luxu ries. Some discussion, ensued on the subject, which was taken part in by several persons pre sent. Mr. Cottrell' expressed his surprise at Mr. Skelton picking the tariff to pieces that evening, as he was one of the Committee who had assisted in drawing it up, and had had an opportunity of.discussing it at the Commit tee meetings.. Mr. Skelton disclaimed the re marks . of Mr. Cottrell, and said', that he had been away from several of the Committee meetings through absence in the country, and had not seen the draft tariff for a week until that evening, and ifhe.saw anythinginit to which he objected,' he was perfectly right in stating his objections. ; After sbme further discussion, Mr. Skelton moved and Mr. John Clark seconded a, resolution to the effect that the meeting be ad journed to thatnight fortnight, and.thattho draft tariff be reconsidered by the Committee, and that in the meantime 200 copies of the tariff be "printed; so that members might have an oppor tunity of looking over.it. and. carefully consider ing it. The motion, was carried. Mr. Skelton stated that letters' had!' been ' received from Sydney and Queensland, the substance of which was that meetings of a similar nature to that were being held in those places.- (Hear, hear.) The meeting then closed." "We are' Unable to give the tariff, as the Chairman and 'several of the Committed thought that as it was to be greatly altered it would be better not to publish it" at present, and as the speeches all referred to the. lines in the tariff, they would be unin telligible without the tariff itself, so that we have merely given the substance of the meeting. There was a capital house at the Vic toria Theatre on Friday evening on the occasion of Mr. Hoskins's benefit. The performances were, under the patronage of Tfis Excellency, the Chief. Secretary, the Mayor, the Colonel Commandant, and the principal officers of the volunteer corps. ; His Excellency was not present, but there was a large gathering of the elite, of Adelaide, and altogether the theatre presented a brilliant appearance. The first piece was the comedy of the "Poor Gentleman." The hero of the drama was Lieutenant Worth ington,. one of Britain's heroes, who ended a noble career as a lieutenant, disabled, poor, and in difficulties. This character was well rendered by Mr. Kayner, who gave an admirable picture of the dignity and composure of the soldier and gentleman, shown, in, all reverses of fortune and all extremes of adversity. Emily Worthington, brought up in adversity and amid the stirring scenes of a soldier's life,, with all the simplicity and self-possession of a true-hearted girl, unspoiled by the hypocrisies and conventionalities of fashionable life, was well rendered by Mdlle. St. Denis. Her scenes with Sir Cliarleis Cropland, and the manner in ;which she^endeavored to, repel his advances,', 'werVyell giveh, and called forth great applause", accompanied by occasional bouquets. The Hon. Miss Lucretia McTab, the scheming-old maid, who seems _ to have annoyed all her relations im turn,'was-well played by Mrs. Holmes.: The funny group of the Brambles, Dobbins, and Ollapod were vastly entertaining. Sir Robert Bramble was representor! by Mr. Musgrave, who acted his part in a most effective and amusing style. The Baronet's hatred of flattery, love of argument, and eccentricities of temper, were capitally given, while Humphrey Dobbins, who humored him and himself by always contradict ing him in the most brusque manner, varying this by very left-handed compliments, was ad mirably rendered by Mr. Charles Young: Cornet Ollapod, a volunteer cornet and apothecary, was personated by Mr. Hoskins, who gave with great success, the mingled humor and bunkum of the character. Sir ^Charles Cropland, whose principal qualities are puppyism and . libertinism, was repre sented by "'Mr.' Morrison, who acted his part fairly. The character has in it nothing striking or uncommon, though the sudden refor mation is rather startling. Frederick Bramble, the gay, dashing, open-hearted nephew of Sir Robert, was well acted by Mr. Stuart O'Brien. He and his uncle were somewhat eccentric, but seemed to be good at bottom, and the final union of Fred and Miss Worthington was a natural conclusion to arrive at. At the close of the piece, there were vociferous calls for "Hos kins," who appeared before the curtain and expressed himself in feeling terms in acknow ledgment of the compliment, and of the appre ciation of his efforts shown by the presence of the large and brilliant assembly who had at tended his benefit. The interlude entitled "Our Uncle," by Mr. Isaacs, followed. The characters were few and the plot simple. Fluke, an extortionate agent, with a clerk who appears to belong, or to fancy he belongs, to. the legal profession, were represented respectively by Mr. Hoskins and Mr. Chas. Young. Bloater, a money lender, who bolted from Liverpool 20 years ago, turns out to be the uncle of Miss Honeydew, whom he had been pursuing with the, terrors of ;the law. Having robbed her mother, he is obliged to return the money to the? daughter, who marries .Fluke; The young lady was represented by' Miss jArnot^ and the | unclej 'by • Mr. Musgrave. : ' The introduction of a feiw local' :hits. made .the piece slide, and' the final; scene, where all embraced and adhered ,tp . each other in . caterpillar fashion ' was ' decidedly1 effective. There wer6'; loud calls for the author at the con clusion of,the piece, interspered with some sounds of dissent; The comedy of " Cool as a Cucumber"' followed, and created immense laughter. To-night " The Merchant of Venice" mil be played, Mr. Hoskins appearing as Shy lock, and Mdlle. St. Denis as Portia ; this will be.followed by the farce of "Founded on Facts." 