ITALY. THE POPE'S SPEECH TO.THE ROMAN COLLEGE. The following is the purport of the speech which the Pope recently addressed to the .Roman College on the reading of the decree of the Sacred Congregation of Rites, touching the cause of a glorious group of 205 martyrs of both sexes, Tffho suffered at Japan between 1617 and 1632 : — Progress and civilisation are words which re eound throughout Europe and beyond it ; and God permits the men who utter these words so vauntingly to have the ordering or rather disor dering of society. The civilisation and the pro areas in question consists in throwing bridges across rivers, in boring tunnels, in establishing great highways, in raising edifice8' — in short, in pandering to the passions, and providing for material welfare and material interests, not in diffusing religion, not in defending the Church. Hence a great part of mankind, seeing this pro gress and this civilisation, have thrown them seves headlong into the disturbances and revolu tions ivhich follow upon one another with terri ble rapidity. Hence a great part of mankind ore in a lamentable condition. Such are the civilisation and progress of onrjepoch, severed as they are from the faith ! Very different from these are the civilisation and the progress which belong to the Church on her side, for her objects ore diametrically opposed to the objects of her enemies. The progress of the faith consists in Christians ascending from virtue to another, ibunte de virtute in virlutem up to a perfect union with God. They fail not to find abundant aids on their way— that way which leads to life, and to eternity, qui ducit ad vitam, yitatn aternam, they feel themselves imbued with a etrength and a generous spirit, which enables them to defy the bitter hostility of their foes, and the pains of torments. The progress of the faith gives birth to mighty legions of martyrs. This is the topic which calls us here together this day. What numbers of martyrs have shed their blood ; what numbers of young children have exposed their lives to earn the title of propagators of the faith ! We can apply to them the words which the Church sings in the hymn of the Innocents ; 'Salvetc, florei mar tyrum I palmis coronis laudite /' Oh, the mighty acts of God ! Oh, the triumphs of his grace ! Who cculd have imagined, that in Japan, that empire ot heathens, such persecutors of the faith that they allowed nobody to land on their shores, without trampling on the emblem of redemption, the faith should have been mysteriously pre aerved for ages? But that which God wills, ?omes to pass, for events are in His hands and He rules them. On the tree of the Cross these four words were written: 'Jesus Nazarenus tex Judasorum.' The chief -priests, the Scribes, and Pharises, requested Pilate to effaee them in order to substitute for them, that Jesus had called Himself King of the Jews. What was Pilate's reply? 'That which I have writ ten, is written.' A. father of the Church, ingeniously, commenting upon these words, says : ' Ideo Pilatus dixit : qtiod scripsi, Scripsi, quia Deus dixerat : quod dixi, dixi,' i.e. —God's words are not to be effaced. The scene of Golgotha, too, we . see reproduced in what is happening to otjbselves, for this same Jesua of Nazareth said, also : ' Rcgnum meum non est de hoc mundo ;' by which we are given to under stand that He had received His kingdom, not from men, but from His Heavenly Father ; He has been then and is King of Jerusalem, of Rome, and of the world, and will be until' the end of time. Ah ! let us commend ourselves to the martyrs, that they may inspire us with the ♦ourage we require in these times, both here and elsewhere. Let us thank the Almighty for Hia goodness in having so marvellously preserved the union of the Episcopate with the centre of unity. This union it is which enables us to prevail con tinually against our enemies ; and when God Bees that the fury of His justice is appeased, that our sins are washed away, He will remem ber His mercy, and will turn our sorrow into joy. This change cannot, however, be obtained oy impatience, by murmurings, but by a contrite heart and a humble spirit. Let us, therefore, pray to God to comfort us, to stregthen our hope with Hii blessing. The blessing of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, be upon you, and bring with it strength to combat, wisdom to eonfound, charity to love. The 6,000 francs presented by Cardinal Besan «on to the Legion of Antibes had been expended in the purchase of an entire service of plate, bedding and furniture, in order that the officers ? ?! the various detachments might not be forced to have recourse te hotels whenever they came to pass a few days at Rome. General Zappi, ?econding the Cardinal, had caused the little ?onvent of St. Romnald, which lies in the tentre of Rome, between the Piazza di Venezia «nd the Piazza dei Apostoli, to be restored and appropriated for the same purpos*. In this little toavent Colonel d'Argy gave a dinner on the *rd instant to the officers of the Legion, and to ?oine other guests who were invited. Among th«m were Mgr.de Woelment, Mgr. Barbier de Montaut, Colonel Allet, and M. Athanasiua do Charette, lieutenant-colonel of the Zouavea. After the removal of the cloth, Mr. d'Argy rpse ?ad Btated that he regretted having been unable *- «Bk more than eighty people to the din »er, owing to the narrow limita of the ; ?onvent. Several toasts were then pro posed-' The Holy Father,' by Colonel . * AJffv J 'The Legion,' by General de Courten ; \- The Unity of the Troops,' viribut uniti$, «wpled with 'Religion,' by General Zappi; v a^anon Leger-' chaplain of military hospital of ?edano. The first toast was, of course, most , Jeartily responded to, while the last was pecu **ny appropriate, inasmuch as it was the Ja hy canon (under whoso tuition Colonel .?'Argy had been in bygone days) who had sent the colonel the wherewithal 'to; .celebr'a.tfe1/ the dedication of the convent Of St.'RbmWdi tS 'the service of the Legion, in the shape of a hamper of champagne. The sinister threats of the Re volutionists with regard to the Carnival have hitherto (up to the 3rd instant) turned out to be moonshine, no disturbance having broken out_ during the festivities. . Pontifical soldiers, natives and foreigners— Zouaves, for iastance — might be seen perambulating the Corso when it was most crowded, pelting and being pelted like the rest with confetti and nosegays, without in curring the slightest insult. It must however be allowed that the determined air of the Zouaves was such as to make any who might feel in clined to be insolent think twice about it. But though the city is quiet, we cannot say as much for the provinces, more particularly Viterbo, Frosinone, and Velletri. In the first named, which contains a large number of bhorough-going Revolutionists, the peaceful in habitants are in constant fear of some prank being played by the Roman emigrants. In the other two, brigandage is still rampant, in spite of the vigilance of the authorities and the ac tivity of the army. A few days ago an indivi dual wh© had been sent to the Pontine Marches to superintend certain works was captured by a band had the assurance to demand upwards of 100,000 francs for his ranssm. The subject of the elections in Italy ia becoming one of more absorbing interest every days It has given rise to a party ycleped Liberal-Catholic, a party hitherto unknown in the Peninsula, and one which has no business to be. Two or three of the newspapers are preaching up the necessity of taking an active part in the elections. They meet with a response in the north of Italy, for in Piedmont, Lombardy, and Venetia, provinces which are under lawful rulers, Catholics are less indisposed to take part in public affairs than they are in the centre and south of the country. This is the key to the circulars which certain Piedmontese bishops have addressed to their clergy and. their flocks upon this matter, and more particularly to that of Mgr. Charvaz, Arch bishop of Genoa. 