OBOST STORIES. Olxhuottak. — I can call iplriU from the vastj drop, IlotiPcn.— Why, 10 can I ; or w can any man : But will they come when yon do call for them f . Kino Hu&r; IV. I wish my young readers had been ac- quaiutcd with my worthy and excellent father, fur ho cared not a sunp of the finger for ghosts and hobgoblins, and ho would actually walk through a churchyard at midnight with out fooling the smallest particle of fear. Now, it may bo supposed that his children (of whom I was the third) were naturally, as courageous as their father; but, from certain circumstances, this was not the caso ; for, whilst my worthy siro would have bidden de fiance to a whole army of apparitions, myself and my brothers (there were fire of us) would tremble at every noi60 after dusk, and when we wero in bed, bury our faces in the blankets, lest something alarming should appear; nay, more, not ono of us would remain a moment in the dark without screaming, even if persons were in the same room ; or bo left alone in any place, though it wns broad day-light, and tlio sun shining in all his splendour. I have said that my father was courageous ; but then what ghost would have dared to at tack him, or ventured to appear in his pre sence ? He had fought many battles ; ho had braved tbo wind, and the storm, aDd the bowl ing tempest : be had undauntedly looked death in the face, and the unrelenting tyrant had plundorod him on every possible occasion, in his violent efforts to carry him off alto gether. Thus the brave mau had, at different times, lost an cyo, and an arm, the calf of his right leg, and sundry slicing9 and cuttings, from various parts of bis really handsome per son ; so that a thought of frightening him never could havo entered the mind of any supernatural boing — at least, of any rational ono. This was tho opinion of us boys re specting our father; bat as to ourselves, it was quite another thing. "We were children, and ghosts might rub thoir cold nnses against our faces in the night, or start up out of the ground to terrify us during tho day with im punity; for that thore were such things as ghosts it would havo been impossible to enter tain a moment's doubt, baviug, obwo certainly had, tho undisputed authority of Susan tbo housemaid, backed by tbo matter-of-fact ac counts of Jono the cook, and tbo whole fully authenticated by old nurse, who declared that she had actually aeon a spirit, but I suspect it was at a timo when ' spirits' were pretty plentiful with her. My parents wero much out in company, and (hen the evenings were employed io telling tbo most terrible talcs of murders, of sudden eaths, and of those who shortened their brief span of life on account of disappoint ments in love. Oh 1 how often has a cold, 6ick shuddering come upon my young heart' at pictures of the diabolical cruelty of human uature, whou " man became a wolf to man 1" and how has torror shaken every joint in my childish framo to hear of the restless spirit of the murdered, clothed in corporeal 6em- bianco, cscnninrr frnm ifu cnlil nncnnJinncn to haunt tbo guilty slayer! How frequently have the tears trickled down my pale face at tho hapless adventures of blighted affection; and many a time did my infantile imagination follow the retributivo form that constantly haunted the wretch who bad broken tbo vow of fidelity and trutb ; nor was there wanting a good sprinkling of ' accurate' Btories about highwaymen and housebreakers, gentlemen thieves, for whom young maids wept, when they considered them deserving a better fate. The house wo lived in was a very ancient, hut strong buildiug, and exactly the sort of place to cxcito superstitious feelings — in fact, a sort of ghostery. There wero some strange talcs told about it ; and tho unaccountablo noises in the chimneys, which frightened the birds tbat built their nests there, and the hollow, murmuring sounds that proceeded, particularly in windy weather, from behind the old oak panels of tho rooms, all conspired to do that which my parents bad little idea of, namely, to unnerve the system and weaken tho intellect. Still I was no coward, for I would always defend, myself against any boy of my size, and was ready to undertake tho usual hazard ous enterprises of children; but a subtlo poison was working within, whieh bade fair to rendor tbo mind imbecile, and to undermine tho constitution. My parents became scusiblo of our altered condition, and wben it was almost boyond redemption were made ac quainted with tho cause. My father, in his usual blunt manner, made use of a strong argument against ghosts. " Boys," said ho, " you are a pack of fools ; remember this, that those who are gone to Heaven, aro too. happy to quit it ; and those who are gone to a place of tormont, tbo devil won't part with even for a moment," Of course a change took plnc3 among the servants, who wero blamed for instilliog pernicious principles into our minds, but which they could not have dono had my parents used a little more watch fulness to guard against it. I was destined for the sea, and at an early ago to sea I went. But though I had rison superior to many apprehensions which 'once tortured mo, yet there were times when I could not entirely conquer former weaknesses, and a few weeks after the frigate to which I belonged had left Plymouth on a three mouths' cruise, ono of the quarter-mastors, of the nauic of Buckley, died, and, as is tho usual custom, tho body was sewed up in a hammock preparatory to interment. Tho poor fellow had expired lato in tho afternoon, and tho com mittal of the corpse to the deep was to take placo tho following morning. Now Buckley had shown me a great deal of kindness, and taught mo to knot and splice, and other parts of a seaman's duty ; besides, ho had always slept at no groat distance from me, and both of us were in tbo same wntcb ; yet I could not subduo the horror I felt struggling in my breast, at the thoughts of passing tho night near tho cock-pit whore I supposed tho dead man to bo laid. I dared not mention a word of this to my messmates, lest it should have ruined my chi r ictcr for ever ; and as I was to take the morning watch, I went early to my hammock — but not to sleep. The closo prox imity to the corpso excited the most sickening sensations, which I found it impossible to got rid of ; horrible phantoms floated before ray imagination, and if weary nature exerted her prerogative and sank into repose for a moment, I started with dread lest tbo cold hand of tho old man should be pressed heavily upon my heart. At longth my mind was harrowed up beyond human endurance; the watch below had turned in ; thore was no light except the glimmering in the lantern of the sentry, arid he sat dozing at his post. I thought X could catch the spot where tho corpse was extended, and faintly discern tho outline of bis' form. To remain longer was impossible; tbo bell struck four, (ten o'clock at night,) and slipping on my Jacket and troweers, over which I hastily wrapped my watch-coat, I cautiously ascended to the deck; but, asbnracd to bo seen, I crept iuto tbe launch, (the largest boat belonging to a ship,) which was between tho booms, and Ending a hammock, which I sup posed to have been negligently left there by ono of the seamen, I laid myself down upon it, and pulling over me an old sail with which it had been covered, I was soon in a deep and refreshing slumber. Tho corpso was to bo committed to the deep whilst all hands wero upon deck, during the relief of the watch at four o'clock in the morning, and exactly at that moment I was awoke by some ouc shaking me rather roughly by the shoulder. In an instant I sprung up ; horrid recollections rushed upon me : it was broad daylight; many eyes were staring at me, somo with astonishment, others with mirth ; but, oh ! how can I describo tbo ter rible thrill that ran through evory vein, when, ou looking at the hummock wbioh had eerved me for a bed, I discovered tbat I bad tbrougb the whole of tho night been sleeping withaho dead roan for my companion, tbe body having been removed to tho launch lato in tho pre ceding eveniug! I could not speak; I could not shriek; but I burst into an hysterical fit of laughter, and tbat saved roe for the spec tators, not knowing what was passing in my mind, took it for bravado. Many wero the jokes respecting my attachment to old Buckley, and thus I was severely punished for my folly. Two years passed away, daring which I bad occasional returns of terror and alarm, arising from my dread of non-cxistcnts, though I had been in two or three engagements and gained soma applause for my conduct. The frigate I had at first joined had bceu laid up unser viceable, and I was now in a beautiful eighteen- guo brig- sloop on tbo South American station. Tho talc of old Buckley was no longer the subject of amusement to others and torturo to ne, for the circumstance was unknowu to my new messmates; and I entertained hopes, thot in tho course of time, I should be enabled to ovcrcomo tbo fcolings which but too fre quently oppressed me. The sloop was attached to the expedition intended to subjugate (for any other design was futile) the city o|, Monte Video, in tbo river Plata ; and, with several other vossols, wo wero employed to capturo tbo Island of Goretta, in Maldonado Bay. Thore were thrco 6trong batteries, with long twenty-four and thirty-two pounders mounted, and theso bat teries wero well mauncd with Spaniards; but they were compelled to yield to tbe intre pidity of our brave tars after a sovoro slaughter, considering tho comparatively small number of men ongaged. After the conflict small parties were posted in various places round tho island to prevent a surprise, whilst the main body with tbe commanding officer occupied a large buildiog in tho centre. Midnight came — a dark, dreary, cold star less midnight, and I was ordered to visit all the outposts to see tbat the sentinels were alert upon their duty, Tho dead bodies of those .who had fallen in battle remained un- buried. I had looked upon many &' bleeding and mangled form during tho day ; I had scon many a poor wretch writhing in the last pang of mortal ognny ; I had gazod with a sort of desperate wilduess on the convulsive contor tions which expiring nature had left upon tho countenance ; and now, in tho stillness and solitude of night, to traverse tho spot where they lay in promiscuous heaps as tlicy had fallen — my very soul was harrowed up! I would not disobey, and I did not dare to ask for attendance lest my sccrot should transpire. Alouo then I departed, every nervo agitated with tho commotion that shook my trembling framo. Aloue I took my way to tho nearest outpost, often starting aside as some stiffened corpse lay stretched across ray path. Tho hollow moaning of the waves breaking against the ragged rocks, came with a fearful Bound upon the wind, which rushed past in hurried gusts, and now and then a balf-stiflcd groan burst from somo poor croaturo who yet sur vived the caroago and was recovering sensi bility. I had reached about half-way to ray first placo of destination, when my faoultics became in a great measure paralysed, on hear ing something bohind which emitted a strango and unnatural noise. I determined to face it, and turned round for that purpose. Tbo atmosphero was dense and hazy, enveloping the earth in darkness ; but amidst tbe gloom, a most horrible figure kopt rising up to moro than mortal height, and then again sinking to scarcely half tho stature of a man; two immense projections issued from its hideously formed head, and a pair of burniog eyes glared with vengoful fierceness upon mo : all my old feelings returned; dismay crept upon my spirit, and making one desperate effort, I ran with amazing rapidity from this terrific object. But alas ! I had not run far, when I stumbled over a dead body, and fell in tho midst of several others. I stretched out my hands to assist me in rising, and tbey rested upon tbo cold clammy faeo of a corpso! Once moro upon my feet, I looked round ; the monster was cIubo to me, rising and falling as it had dono before, and again I bounded away with out knowing whither. A building presented itsolf, which I hoped was one of the outposts, aud hastily entering it, I fell about twelve feet into a spaco below, but sustained no bodily injury, as tbe floor was covered with piles of seal 6kine. Here, in thick darkness and insensibility, I lay for several hours, wben I was accidentally discovered by a party who had clandestinely left tbo main body to seok for plunder, and wero attracted to the spot by seeing an enormous ' hc-goat' near tho en trance of tbo building. By tbo light of tbe Inntern which they carried I was readily re cognised, and soon rescued from ray uncom fortable situation. The fresh air and human voices speedily restored mo to animation, and almost the first thing I saw, quietly standing amid the group of seamen, was the innocent cause of my alarm and misfortuno — ' tho great he-goat 1' My fall was attributed to ac cident; and, attended by the party, I visited tho outposts and made my report to the com manding officer. The account of my adven- venturo soon .spread, but tho occurrence was attributed to any thing except the real cause, as the different talc-tollers nad each a story of his own to magnify my intrepidity ; and thus my weakuess not only again escaped de tection, but I actually gained approbation for my courage. From that hour my determina tion became more and more strengthened lo resist tho pusillanimity which, in spito of 07 cry effort, would at times attack me. I was next employed in the capture of Monte Video, ' or rather the City of San Philip, which is the proper name— Monte Video being a lofty mountain on ono promon tory of a deep bay, as tbe City. of. San Philip stands on tbo extreme point- of tbe other pro montory. After tbo city w&s; t&kcn;, I was stationed at night on the flat roof of a house which communicated with several others; having received orders to be very vigilant, and in case of anything material occurring to for ward immediate information to the officer in command of tbo party, who was to dispatch the intelligence to bead-quarters. Tbo poBt was ono of extreme importance, and bad been entrusted to me on account of my apparent fearlessness. It over-looked the gates leading to tho shores of the bay, which, though in our posscBsiou, were frequently visited by guerilla bands, who secretly dealt death to tbo incautious sentinels. I hod been about ono hour upon tho look-out, and- had suppressed the rising sonsations of terror which bad moro than once attacked me, when, to my great surprise, & largo empty earthenware crate, that stood in tho corner of tbe next flat, be gan to movo slowly along tho roof. I bad been leaning over tbe parapet of tbo bouso with my back towards tbo crate, but tho slight rustling made by tho movement caused me to glance ovor my shoulder without ap pearing to turn my head. Tbo motion ceased; but I could not doubt tbo fact,, for tho orate was not in the situation where I had first seen it. I still remained in my position without -stirring, but kept my eyes directed by & side- long glanco towards tho object. Again it moved, but so slowly and noiselessly, that by a person possessing a mind of any other stamp than mino, it would havo passed unheard ana consequently unheeded. In vain I struggled to Buppress my emotion— trembling imbecility was rapidly creeping upon my systezxl — all my former terrors were reviving, when at that moment tho devices of the guerillas recurred ' to my recollection, and cooking tho lock of & pistol, 1 stood in perfect readiness. Again the crate moved, so as to get moro into my rear; but a picket-guard passing tbrougb tbe street bolow, I called to tbe officer and in- Btantly sprang over tbo breastwork that di vided tbe two roofs, and ran to tbat part which was most likely to cut off a retroat if tbo crate bad been moved by human agency— of which, I confess, I entertained stroog doubts. These, however, wero soon dispelled ; for I bad scarcely rcacbod my station, wben tbo crato was thrown up, and tho tall gaunt figure of a guerilla was for an instant seori against tbo dim light of tbo sky. But it was only for an instant : our pistolB seemed to bo discharged at tho samo moment of timo. I heard his ball whistle by my cats, and it left a tiogling sensation that indicated how very close it had passed to my head: tho smoko hindered me from seeing more, but I felt the sharp point of a kuifo gr&zo; down my breast — I beard a heavy fall into tho street below— a firo of musketry succeeded — tben followed a wild 9briek, and tho guerilla was a corpso ! His knife had been intended for my heart, but a backward step on my part Bavcd mo : the Bkin was slightly scratched, and tbe instru ment roroained in my coat without doing further injury. In what manner tho desperado h&d; gained the roof, I could not then divine; and I felt cort∈ that bo was not under tho crate on my first taking the post, as I had carefully ex amined it. I had afterwards an opportunity of witnessing tho modo by whiob ho bad ac complished it, and it was simply through tho efforts of a number of men, who were raised up successively on each other's shoulders. His design was assassinution aod plunder. For my sb&ro; in this transaction, I obtained the approval of Sir Homo Popham, and w&s; raised in temporary rank. Tbo next trial" of my nervous system was at Sierra Lcono. I was thon in a frigate ; and, as fears wero entertained tbat tbe French wore about to tn&ko; a descent upon some part of tbo settlement (a French squadron having been seen bovoring off tbe coast), tho freo negroes were armed and onrollcd as volunteers. To effect this at a village about six miles in the interior, I was despatched with proper orders, and the boat landed mo at tbo nearest point to my place of destination. It was lato in tho evening beforo my duty was completed ; and as I was particularly desirous to return to tho ship and make my report, an officer of tbo York Bangers lent mc a beautiful and spirited horso, which I mounted, though not without a fow misgivings, which were much increased when I was jocosely requested not to fall in love with the " ghost" on my road. On tbo way-6idc stood a lone and uninhabited house, where a trafficker in human flesh had mur dered his wife ; and ever since, tho lady, or hor apparition, had presented herself after dark beforo the gate. Beyond this house wero the remains of a nogro village, whiob, pre viously to colonization, had been attaoked by slave- dealers, and burned. - Tho aged inhabi tants were massacred, the young wero homo to slavery ; and now it was asserted tbat tho former visited tbeir old habitations, and called aloud for vengeance to redress thoir wrongs. Such talcs were not calculated to inspire com posure; but I strove to laugh at tho jokes passed on me, and started off at full spoed, declaring that " tbe ghosts should have a long cbaso, if they felt inclined to sport." The empty boast still faltered on my heart and my tremulous band could scarcely hold tho roio, when tho houBo of death, all desolate, appeared in view. Striking tho spurs into tho sides of the generous animal, he spraug forward on bis way, and passed tho dreadful spot without my witnessing anything to excito horror. Although the moon was up, yet storms wero on tho wind, and heavy clouds obscurod her light. Ofteo in imagination did I bear tbo sbrieks of tbe slaughtered negroes, as they caino howling on the galo, whilst I rapidly approached too ruined village, which had been tho terrific scene of blood. A black oloud, thick with darkness, overshadowed tho picture, and spread a gloomy wildness over every ob ject. The horse buried bis boofs deep in tbe sand, and, like an arrow from a bow, con tinued bis fleet career ; ' wben, in a moment, he stopped, threw out his forelegs, and reared upon his haunches, while steaming foam issued from his nostrils. It was with considerable difficulty that I retained my seat; and as tbo creature refused to proceed, I rodo back a short distance, and again made an effort to pursuo my direct road, but in vain ; tbo ani mal stopped at tho same spot, and flew from 6ido to side of tho highway ; nor could tbo whip and spur urge him to adv&nco.; Scvoral times did I repeat tho samo at tempt; and though a chilling awe crept through my veins, and made my blood run cold, yet nothiog bad . presented itself to my sight, though it was ovident tbat tbe eyes of tbe horse: were fixed upon something super- naturally terrific. At length tbo moon slied her dim light tbrougb a flccoy cloud, and then with horror aud uin&zoment; I behold tbo causa of terror) for right in tho middlo of tho road appeared a long black coffin, and tbe pale booms of tbo moon glanced on tbe white caoutehcons fixod on the top. Every feeling of the soul was racked to tho extreme; evqry fibro of tbe heart was nerved to desperation ; and, mus tering all my breath, I uttered tho great and awful namo to which both quick and dead must pay obedience. The lid of tbe coffin was thrown up— a figure slowly raised itsolf and gazed upon me, whilst my whole exis tence seemed quivering on tho verge of eter nity. Tho horso pawed tbe ground with un controlled fury ; the bowling of the gale seemed more dreadful — wben a hollow voice, with distinct utterance, vociferated, "Don't be alarmed, 'tis only Undo Jooy ! So, so, poor fellow !— so, bo!" Tbo horso, bearing a well-known sound, became pacified ; and tben I ascertained that' Uncle Joey, a corporal in tbo newly- raised volunteers, bad been to town to fetch an' arm- chest,' which had been mado by a carpenter to; deposit tho muskets in. - Having, bowevor, drank rather freely, he bad found himself, drowsy on his way back; so getting into tbo chc6t (which was painted black, with a tin plate on the lid), and shutting himself in, ho had enjoyod a comfortable nap, till the snort-' ing of tbo animal and my shouting brought about his resurrection. I hardly need say bow much my heart was> lightened by this explanation, and tbat I parted with Undo Jooy and bis shell in much better spirits than bad attended our meeting. Since that moment, I have bad occasional re turns of panic ; but tbey havo gradually di minished, and I am now almost as daring as my late excellont father, and, except during temporary fits of nervous relaxation, csro neither for ghost nor goblin ; and I trust, that whilst my readers who are paronts will keep a watchful eye that 6orvants do not instil, pernicious feelings, into the breasts of their offspring, my young roadors will rest satisfied . on the assuranco of an old man, that all ghosts aro in reality more Uncle Joeys. ' An Extraordinary Horse.— The fol lowing unembollishcd facts aro not without - interest to those with whom tbe horso is a favourite animal. They relate to a full-bred hunter, now in bis tenth year, wboso lot is at proscnt cast on one of the sweetest bits of turf in the country. " Jack," who used to do his nino miles, with a dogcart behind, to tbo neighbouring city in 40 minutes without turn ing a hair, is now regarded by his mistress as wounded, a wicked stable- boy having struck him a bad blow on ono of bis legs, and there fore his dayB aro Bpent in wandering, about at his own sweet will. It is bis custom, in these circumstances, to do all sorts of odd things for a borsc. Once or twice, or sometimes oftener In a day, it is bis habit to come to tbe front door of tho mansion and ring tbe bell, his object being to get somo of tbe spe cial bites which may bo going inside. If be fore tbe bell is answered it is asked " Who's there?" Jack replies with that sort of noise which in a man would bo called a chuckle, but wbioh in ht6 is called a " nicher." If bo bo asked whether be ib quite well, " Jack," who makes the most of bis limited means of speech, replies in tbe samo manner. The tetc-a-tete "Jock" regards as spoiled altogether if tho pet greyhound, always on the watch for bis visits, as ho seems to tbink, gets more than bo conceives is bis fair share of the good things on tbo plate, and is not slow, with sundry movements of bis head and foot, .to mark his displeasuro of the dog's conduct. . It is, however, for his management of tho g&toi; and wickets tbat "Jack is most especially to be noticed. Indeed, 60 far as bo is con cerned, thore aro no 6ucb things. He has managed every Bnick, check, or lock about tbe place, save that on tho garden door, wbioh is soibbed in tho inside. It is bis fashion to toko & walk dally, and for tbat purpose bo opens a big gate leading to tho main road and into tho fields, and roams bitber or whither his fanoy impols. That it is just for the love of tho stroll and nothing more bo goes is proved by the fact tbat tbrougb all summer and autumn he hod the right of entreo to the corn fields in these walks of bis; be has never been known to touch a stalk. Unfortunately, though "Jack" may bo said to laugh at lock smiths, so far &b; tbeir art Ib put forth on gates and wickets, he either seems unable, or otbor- wiso does not carc, to shut the doors behind him. TbcBe ho invariably leaves open, so tbat . his movements aro to be traced by this, tho only unmannerly part of bis conduct. When rain fall9 lie departs from tbo sward to tbo courtyard, entrance to which can bo had by & door, which bo opens with the greatest ease, as he docB all tho other doors. These wet dayB have depressed him, as others, and bis stay under cover has been distasteful to bim. By way of amusement on these occasions bo takes a bit of a waltz to himself round a polo which supports tbo roof, just as if bo bad boen trained to a circus, inside ono of which ho never w&s; ' in his life. Wben the rain passes, out ho comes, oithcr to rcsumo his habit of opening lock-fast places and takes a stroll, or to nibble tho rioh green borbago which fronts tbe man sion. To nothing living does ." Jack" bear enmity bovc the watch-dog, over which and its house he frequently loses temper, and one of tbo feathered tribe in tbo barn-yard, which, in respoct tbat it is ugly and a foreigner, be chases and punishes wbenevor and wberover bo sees it. And thus Ibis wonderfully intelligent beast parses his days away in tho smiles arid caresses of his mistress, who, between bim and tho greyhound, which Sir Walter would havo adored, has a ead timo of it, dividing her affec tions.—' FifcBbirc Journal.' Ono of Gough's stories is a neat hit at those dilatory people Who aro always behind time. Somo ono said to a person of this class, "I seo that you belong to tbo three-handed people." " Tbree-bandcd ! That's rather uncommon." " 0, no, common enough— two hands like other people— and a little behind hand 1" An editor of a Yankee paper writes to his sub scribers: — "Wo hope our friends will overlook our irregulnrities for the past few weoks. We are now permanently located in the county Raol, with sufficient forco to insure the regalar issue of our paper in future." 