THE WHITE ROSE* BY. G-. J. WHITE MELYTLLE. CHAPTER XXXVII. B HINTSG EITEB. Gerard bad been working hard for some weeks, eo the play was nearly ready for re hearsal. He was very sick of it too, and began to think he owed himself a little relaxation. Money matters also were no longer so difficult a subject as formerly, thanks to the supplies received from an unknown source through Dolly Egremont. That gentleman, while pro fessing, and indeed displaying, great interest In his former fellow-pupil, obstinately declined to furnish the slightest clue to the discovery of his benefactor, and Gerard, with an enforced philosophy, made up his mind he had better sit down contented to enjoy " the goods the gods provided." Dolly, too, bad determined upon taking a day's pleasure over and above his ordinary allowance in the week. He was restless and pre-occupied, therefore more prone than usual to excitement. A state of hot water was quite foreign to his easy-going habits, and mads bim uncomfortable; more, it made him un happy. Miss Tregunter seemed a puzzle that grew day by day more difEoult to explain. Her honest admirer, unskilled in the ways of teomen, could not make head or tail of her behaviour. He remembered long ago how pleased she used to be when they met, how frank and cordial was her manner, how un restrained her mirth. Now she never seemed to look him straight in the face. She aroided him in company, and appeared aotnally afraid to be left alone with him. Afraid!. And he would have laid down his life for her with pleasure on any door-step in London! So he argued that she was tired of him, offended with him, hated him, and in tbishasty conclusion,showed, I think, consider- '? - able ignorance of those intricate channels h® had undertaken to.navigate. Now Dolly, who, apart from the influence of his lady-love, was an open-hearted convivial fellow enough, had given an entertainment some few weeks before to the members of bis company at the Accordion-an entertainment > which, beginning with a dinner and ending. with a dance, had afforded unlimited satisfac tion to those invited; bntunforfru^te^Wine -- hatf dozen of the corps had bMn preventod from attending, by a summons .to assist at tthe private theitrtcpls of a. great lady twenty mile* fromliondon,, . ^ v Mi»;0»riwi*V JfcW^^th' certain i trtber drwpafJc their share pf thji> Jhoapitalitfaw^ : . i>oMy thought |w;£jij& Vite these * Jn&lT; lieot ai sunshine, nay, to feel the touch of her band, to hear the sound of her voice once more, and he had hardened bis heart to go and call upon Iter at her own bouse. For this purpose he dressed himself as well as his now replenished ward' robe would admit, and leaving the Richmond question open, proceeded early in the after* noon to knock at her door, devoutly hoping the summons might not be answered by his former acquaintance, Mr. Babert Smart. So for, fortune favoured him ; the portly butler, who was on the ere of stepping round to his club, kindly informing him that Mrs. Yande leur was " not at home," and adding, in the plenitude of his good-bumour, the farther statement that "she had gone down to Rich mond, and wouldn't be back tilt the evening." To Richmond! He hesitated no longer. Shutting his eyes to its obvious improbability, he even cherished ahope that he might find her | one of the party he was about to join. For a moment life looked as bright as when he was nineteen, and in Ices than an hour he had torn off half his return ticket, and was running like m boy up the wooden stops of Richmond station. At the Castle he asked lor Mr. Egremont's party, and was ushered on to the lawn, where be found a bevy of sauntering, over-dressed ladies, waiting impatiently for dinner, but nothing like Korah's stately figure, and pale beautiful face, look where he would. His heart turned sick, this rough, gold digging adventurer, like some weak girl dis appointed in her Billy romantic dream. What a sham it all looked! Even the golden eun chine and the sparkling river seemed to partake of the foil and tinsel and gaslight of the Mage. " We bad almost given you up, Gerard," said Dolly's cheerful voice, as his host emerged «n the lawn from one of the side-rooms and took him kindly by the arm. " Dinner's just ready. This way, Mrs. Golightly. This way, Miss "White. Uelgrave, bring up the rest of the ladies. Ainslie, will you sit by Miss Car* mine? Take the covers off, waiter-turtle all right! Shut that door and put the lemon on the table. Mrs. Golightly, clear, or chick ? Have both !"' Gerard, recovering his equanimity, glanced round the table at his new friends. Mas Carmine, sitting next to him, was not half so pretty as he expected, and a good deal older than she looked on the stage. Lydia Goddard and Jessie White seemed merry, sparkling girls, with more than their share of comeliness, bat Mrs. Golightly, who sat opposite, oppressed him from the lint with sensations of astonish ment and awe. Somebody must have told her .he Was like Mrs. Siddons, and her dignity of manner was, in consequence, crusbiog. The . were noble, as French people call it, was obvwpsly her part, and very' well she played it, eteti while eating whitebait at a Richmond dinner. Actors and actresses seem, the only artists who are never ashamed of " talkiug shop." Ttiey gloiy in their profession, and why should they not? Mia Carmine, stealing a good look at Gerard, and approving of what she saw, soon embarked on the favourite subject. "So you're waiting ub a play, Mr. Ainslie," mid the accomplished actress, her features waking into beauty when she spoke. "You see are know all about it. You men can't keep a secret, clever as you think yourselves." Tb only proud you should take an ui» terest in it/' answered Gerard, courteously. "I wish I could write something more worthy of the acting. Lydia Goddard looked np from a lobster rissole, and Jeseie White desisted from her occupation of making faces at Mr. JBelgr&ve.; There was something in the tone of his voice Ihatwaa sweet to a woman's ear, and they acknowledged the charm, just as Fanny Draper had acknowledged it to her ruin aud long ago. Ejren Mrs. XJolightly bent her brows on him «ltfa qualified approval, "it is 6 responsibility, young eir," said the stately lady. "I am glad you acknowledge its gravity. Our time and talents are too precious to be wasted on the vague wanderings of incompetency. Said I well, mine host ?" "Of coarse you did," answered Dolly, 'waking up from a brown study, for he too Celt the oppression of Mrs. Golightly. f Brttdhe* tJiere the man with seal so detd, That waver to tiinuelf bath said, -to acUttVparttwwweshU bread." "I've seen a gddd deal of the manuscript and like it. l ean tell you, ladies and gentle* menj We haven't hod such a thing out for year*-waiter-champagne I" ""SJbuVe written a verv effective part for xne, t'ta told," said SB& t3arihrae aside, look* oaf 4>f hee eloquent ' lotft fcno»r How jgrateful I am B'wbo take such pains pp my behall. , likf-1ittl? p'uVWjhwi ftfwftttjl4 MT pSWift'J American actress came over, of course *be would insist on playing Violante, then Miss Carmine would take buff, and there was sure to be a row! "It'suot all beer and skittles managing a theatre," thought Dolly, bat h© held up bis glues to be filled, and looked as pleasant as be could. " You've got aorue nice words for poor me, haven't you, Mr. Ainslie," said Jessie White, imploringly and coquettUhly too, from the oilier end of the table. " And I'm to be a page, in blue and white and spangles," added Miss Goddard, clapping lier hands with innocent glee, like a child of fire-arid-twenty, as she was. " Belgrav© has been telling me all about it. Mind yon give me plenty of business, there's a good fellow, and as close to the foot-lights as you can!" " I've done my very best for both of you " answered Gerard, bowing over the glass in his hand, " and I can alter your parts till they fit you like your dresses," be added, congratu lating himself that be had not written a word for either of them, the while. " Isn't be a duck P" whispered Jessie White to Miss Goddard; and " Ain't you a goose ?" answered the practical Lydia. " Why, Jessie, you little idiot, he's old enough to be your father!" Mrs. Golightly cleared her voice porten tously " I have yet to learn," said she, glaring at the hapless author, " how far Mr. Ainnlia has sacrificed the interests of art to the paltry exigencies of our modem school; to what extent the dialogue, the situations, the cha racters, and the plot tend to develop our object in the abstract idea of tragedy. What, sir, do you conceive is our object in the abstract idea of tragedy ?" This was a poser for Gerard. Fortunately Mr. Barrington-Belgrave came to his rescue. " There isn't a morsel of bad business in the whole of it," said he, dogmatically; " every one of us from first to last has enough to do and to spare. Ko claret, thank you, Mr. Egremont,-coffee ? if you please. Mrs. Go lightly and ladies, may I ask your keyind per mission to indulge in a cigar ?" As soon as smoking began, it was but natural that the little party should adjourn to the lawn, and break itself up into small knots of two and three. Jessie White and Lydia Goddard, after an ineffectual pounce at the author, contented themselves with Mr. Bel grave and a grave man, hitherto very silent, who was great in low comedy. Mrs. Golightly secured the manager, and Gerard Ainslie, as being in a certain sense the lion of the party, fell to the lot of Kate Carmine. She seemed pleased with the arrangement, conversing volubly and pleasantly enough, while tbey walked round and roattd the gravel-walk; her companion puffing thought lully at his cigar, and thinking how fragrant was the scent of the June roses, how fair the tinted glories of the evening sky'-how calm and tranquil the broad river, glowing in a crimson flush of sunset; how full of tender memories, and vanished hopes, and longings for the impossible, that purling hour, which may well be called "the sweet of the summer's day!" What a world it might have been! And here he was, after a noisy dinner, talking London scandal with an actress! She seemed to know everybody, and all about everything that was going on. She was amusing too, and related .with considerable fun the last scrape into which Lsdy Featherbrain had inadvertently fallen; the domestic dif erence between the Ringdoves, and lbs. Ringdove's unanswerable reasons for insisting on a separation; the late bill-discounting business brought to a climax by Hyacinth'* winning the Ascot Cup, with the names of half a dozen noblemen and gentlemen, ex tremely pleasant people, and particular friends of Iter own, who were likely to disappear in consequence. A light breeze sighed through the elms on the other side of the river. Miss Carmine was seized with a romantic desire to make a little expedition on the water. " Mr. Ainslie,"* said she, in her most winning accents, don't let us waste suoh a heavenly evening; the train is not till ten. Why thouldn't yon pull-I mean, scull-me about a little before we go back to .London?" " Willingly,"'answered Gerard, ready to go up in a balloon, or do anything anybody pro* posed, now that he had finished his cigar. " Down these steps, Miss Carmine. Take care of your dress in the uiud-one foot on the thwart#--6it in the middle-that's it! Never miud the rudder; we don't want it, nor the naterm&n.; Hand us that right-hand scolL That''* a smart chop! Now shove off!" . " Tbus.by an energetic pnsh from a one-eyed boatman, the light ekiff, with an end' of Iffy Canhine'i iwatf trailing, over the eide,«ras ,:) " Ani l qurteBafef'smUfed tbe actress, and it -Waif marvellous irf l^uty ,.$», , )S^Vh>, orshallwp fjpA paddled » caao<i on Huron, opset, Mtss Itomlne. " > VMM " What, from the beginning ?" answered Gerard, sculling lustily against stream. 41 Sou are prepared, then, to efay out all nighl ? I've Lad a good many yeara of it. I'm an old in in now." M Old' expostulated fcfise Carmine. Why, you're barely thirty"-reflecting that el»e herself was a good bit past that age. " No, just give mc a rough sketch of your life. It amuses, it instructs me! Wlwa did you g.> _ abroad F ^ hat made you lea re Euglaud ? Was it-was it-disappointment ?" She looked down after she spoke, and watched the ripple of the boat through tlia water. It was very prettily done--very prettily indeed. What Gerard might have replied we shall never learn, for a hoarse voice at the very ooee of his boat shouted, not uncivilly, to know " Where he was a-eoming' to ?" And a scull, shifted as quickly as his own, allowed another skiff to glide past them down-stream, with about eighteen inches interval. In that boat, pulled by an ancient mariner of Ted dington, eat a lady and gentleman. The pale face of the former flashed upon Gerard Ain die's eyes like a vision, for it was none i other than Mrs. Vandeleur! Not altered no, except that it seemed to him more beauti- i ful than ever-not altered by a single line I from the Norab Welby of Marston, from the j ideal of womanly perfection, aud purity, and ' grace, that be bad carried in his heart through ! all those years of toll, danger, sorrow, end j privation. He bad hoped to see her to-day, j but not like this. j Had she recognised him P He could not tell. The boat sped so fast down-stream I under the waterman's long, powerful strokes, and the twilight was already darkening into 1 sight. Nor had he identified her cavalier, J who was stooping at the moment to arrange a cloak or cushion at her feet. The whole thing was so instantaneous, that but for his com- , panion's remark he might have been persuaded fancy had played him false. " That's a cast, I imagine," said Miss Car mine, not observing her oarsman's discom posure, or attributing it, perhaps, to the vio lent exercise. " They call her a beauty, too, etiii; but what they can see in her I can't for the life of me make out. She's much too tall, looks horrid disdainful, and as pale as a ghost." "She? Who?" asked Gerard, «laplron''"g bis efforts, and preparing to put the boat about for a return. " Why, Mrs. Vandelenr," answered bis com panion ; "I thought you knew her by the way she stared. She'll know us again at any rate." "And the gentleman?" asked Gerard in a choking voice, backing water vigorously with one ecull the while. " Oh I that was Burton," answered Hft«« Carmine; "Dandy Burton, they call him. I | suppose they'll get married, those two; and I'm sure it'e time they did. Ttiey've been | talked about long enough." I It was indeed BO other than Gerard's old j fellow-pupil whom be thus met so unexpeot I fdly with bis unforgotten lore. The White j Rose had been persuaded to join Lady Billes don's water-party that day at Richmond, and | they had all gone op the river in different four j oars, skiffs, and wherries, to visit the roaring j cataract at Teddington Lock. Here, however, j two young ladies, protesting they were " bad j Bailors," insisted on returning by road j and j the consequent change of arrangements com j peiled Mrs. Vandeleur, unless die wished to J appear both rude and ridiculous, to mih the j homeward voyage with Me, Burton. The j two felt the calm of the summer evening, the | influence of the quiet lovely scene. Her J silence and abstraction did not the J Dandy's notice, who flattered himself be had I succeeded in making an impression, j which he was careful not to disturb by loquacity j or interruption. Neither of them, therefore, J volunteered a remark on the boat they bad so J nearly run down, and they hardly exchanged j a syllable till they reached the plaoe of j disembarkation, when they observed simul taneously that "it was a beautiful evening: j they bad spent a pleasant day; it was high j time to otder the carriages j" and so parted J for the night. I _ Gerard, too, pulled his freight baok to iticnmond sad and silent, as the "wordless J man who brought the Dead Lily of Astolat I i°tbeJ°rd!r to«emof Arthur's royal j Mies Carmine could not make him out j but j recollecting her own undoubted charms of I Jwusner, and conversation, accounted J f°* h».»n«»BihUity to all three by a fit of 1 indigestion, the result of towing too soon aft** j dinner. 1 Htdeophobu.-Why there should b$ I more mad dogs in France where else is a foot only to be explained j by: the vexatious ordinances of the | who insist on every dog being muxzlfid & It** rou,nd- we have | hot weather a few remarks oa m root recommended es a specific £ J»jdro|jbobi» I ^ - ofc... ani5e«' lb# great water l plantain, Alisma plantago {class Hexandria. I VTi^ Vohtph), mar 0 ^ttjoy a goo3 1 ut ^ "Wtne rpasou oranothw \ m vm was suddenly discarded. Now. j *".*» OowoIUor «>mof forward toreiostate Mrt ptanWh. He wJatestbatJn a iSl t ^ ^eftrd «titil Igfi j brother^ ? huntraoenwas Weto?bfW^'l*do^ j ;treated In this manner£ do- > j«ribed,yThe w^Prp3»tUtila£f9m inmatsUel 1 ai)d ha® a irnfat W paagBi 