RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of the South Australian Baptist Association commenced in the Flinders- street Church on Tuesday, October 8. In the morning the following ministers met for conference and prayer:— Revs. D. Badger (Morphett Vale), W. A. Claxton (Kapunda) J. M. Day (Mount Gambier). J. L. Davies (Yankalilla), H. Guinness (Stepney), H. J. Lambert (Moonta, S. Mead, M.A., LL.B. (Adelaide), J. Price (Alberton), J. Renny (North Adelaide),. H. L. Tuck (Gume- racha), and Mr. J. N. Birks (late of Moonta). In the evening public designation services were held in connection with the settlement of Mr. W.O. Ashton in the ministry. There was a good attendance, and the following gentlemen were on the platform - The Revs. S. Mead (in the chair), W. O. Ashton, D. Badger, W. A. Claxton, J. L. Davies, J.M. Day, H. J. Lambert, J. Price, J. Renny, H.L. Tuck, T.C. Baker (Salt Creek), R. Parkin (Magill), and Mr. J. Howard (South Rhine). The proceedings opened with singing and prayer; after which the CHAIRMAN made a few prefatory remarks explanatory of the object of the meeting. He then called upon The Rev. W.O. ASHTON, who gave a narrative of the circumstance which led to his engagement in the work of the ministry. He concluded by expressing a gratitude for the kind way in which the Association had received him, and his hope that his services would be productive of good to many souls. The chairman and each of the other gentlemen on the platform then offered Mr. Ashton the right hand of fellowship, recognising him as a proclaimed minister of their persuasion. Mr J. Howard addressed the meeting, describ- ing the manner in which Mr. Ashton became active with the congregation at the South Rhine t!ie satirf..c:inn which his efforts had given on J'.u par: nf the different branches of the cause ! in ih.it I'liMlitv: and the subsequent endeavours of the i.ithi'ior.-. ??! the Association to remove every obstacle which stood in the way of Mr. Ashton being a permanent minister. The Rev. D. BADGER delivered the customary fluir^: tu the ne vlv-appointcd minister from a passage in Nehemiah 6th chapter, and the latter part of the third verse - 'I am doing a great work, so that 1 1 rir.no: come down; why should the work cease, u'nUt lle:r«e it, and come down to you.' The 1 ev. T. Pi:l--'F. next delivered an appropriate address. They been obliged he said, in the eiriicr -!ars of ii.e cob: y to send home for pastors; but :t!ih ?sijIi thi* had'worked well, it could no longer In: trusted in as v.i adequate means for sup- pliesi-- this iinnvii!.- community with ministers of the unlit. In view rf the real prosperity of colonial Churches hetho:i-'ht th.it they should, as a general rait-, furnish even tiling necessary for carrying on tlur I ssni's c ins'.;. l-nliuini: attention to the Baptisi dciiou: in;;: i?», i; w.mid be seen that thete was lixi'. fiK' source from which they could obtain thtir s;i;iii:ics vii, fioni t!ie actual ineiubeis of the var:i-i:.i Uarui-t. Churches. The practice was un kno-.u. ai ilicir denomination --i mining voting l»ers.j.ii for the Clrjrch. Thu imcstion w.is never even canv.i.-std a3 to the desirable ne;s of any person prep.uin? himself for the liiinistry hefore he haipvei: himself to Christ. Tiara WY.s ^ciicraliy scope in the prat tical wurkiiiK uf t'.tir free Cliurciies fir tlu devehpnient of tiltnt. S) tar fro:u s -:ci il p isitiun and previous culture \k\\\\\a nidisinnsui'.e, tiie innj-Tity of minis ters here l.ad .-ponL an apprenticeship at sinue callus. »r ii:id h..'en oth: nvi.se eiis.:it-.'d in labour or trad;. 1 . cunciusi'iu lie pointed out the indis pen-: S.ier.o-s t.'f u\l eniployini? themse'.vps indus tru.u.o iiih'j t:v.i.-e nf ri'li^ioii, and the necessity inr ;?. 4 LTCit'. i:'.i::ii:i-'s as p-iaaible beiu^ afforded t.) t'iin-i! nh;; -vc!'.- Uosirous of en^.i^ii1.^ in Christian wu:k. Ti.j pn^ee-.iin^rs clo.-od with singins and prayer. The services in onticction with the annual laectr. of ;i:'.- imprint .\\--in;i tti.m were continued at i-'lui'tTs-i-triit HaiitiH Ch.ipel on Wednesday, « »c:i/.-*.t '.». Tlie tir.st iiiietimjci ni'.nenced at half p.ist :o. ;iivl t'ltro v.ltc present most of the iiiii:i ttrj and in;!i;v delegates of the Churche5. The ii.'v. .!. M. bay. wf .Mount llanibier, lircsided, an-l :-. ; :ri'd ci liv*'. hours wa- ccLMpied chieliy in praur, (ir.iiso, and reading the ^ riptures. The Ch. 'i .: .mi, in the r-iur.vj - f the meyttnt', delivered a sl.trr ;.di!re-s - n tlit- :tlati-insof the world to the Chun-' i .ih'l iii« C.Iiuirch to tiio wnrltl. In tl.e \ticruoun. at 4 o'clock, a meetin.' of the Coimuitte-i t;f the S.:i:'.h Au-ira'i.m B.i;»tiat Mis aioniir.v Society v.a^ Led, which the R'prcM'iitatives of the Ciiurc'it;-; .\;!0 wer* present at the moriiin^ n.eetiii^ »ve;x- i:ivi-(.d t - atead. It was stated that the C-.nr.oitt----.; a', its !.i-t meeting had, in con seii'Ji-'ucj «.I a l..-i'.'.i- v.liidi had l.eeu received from the Vx\\. .'. i'. 1'ijo, ui lJtri- al, Indii, indicating tliepr.i'ii.ilniitv or his rcsi^aiiu hiscomipction with the Jlajiiiit 'di.-..-.i,i:iary Sci-iety *'f London, sent a co iimui.i'v.!i-m ti him offering t- engage him as its tir.--: iuis-i )ii:iry, t- take charge of their mission in Ftircadpoie, to which they expete 1 an answer by tie X'Acini'-r aiai!. It was also stated that the min: i-t -y at tlioir meeting the previous day hud agreed Ui';i th' pnipriiitv of starling a Monthly fi.ii- ti.st .M;!r':i/-.iiie witiidi: delay, and that the licv. Mei-r-. .Stunehoine, 1'ricv,' and Mead were to iij .asacl t'- Lei.o.iie its editors. Adhcu-toion arose a_s t- tie k-.st means of raisitu: the necessary fund.-- for the Missionary .rociery with iti enlarged en,M-ti;: n:.s, an 1 the mjetiny cl -sed shortly I'l'fjred.M-iu-!;. At 7 ??'clock th: chapel wis well fille-', and a prayer u:.jt-iiii4 was lit;i:l for upwards of an hoii', tiresi'kd over by the l.'ev. \V'. A. (;ia\\!o;i, of Ki!- ii'i.i. At its c'.ise t!ie Lori's .Sui-[ier was adniiiK^tered to about 'JH cuuuuunicants. Tin: annu il iiioe' ing of this S.ici:tv was resumed nn 'i'Uursdav morning, Oc;o!i-.r l'i, when a number of laiiiisteis, delig.itcs, ml members met for liu-iti ? s a* the Fiinders-^treet Chapel at half pas'- .o. Th-j llev. S Micad, M..V, the Chairman for the ?c;ar, prtsided. and proceedings Acre commenced witit du\i.t!o!!al i.'wrcisc^; afti-r which ttie roil of 'Jhurcl.es wIum had app'iinfe 1 delegates and wer* verirt-u'.rel was rea 1 as f'jllo.vs, the order bang u!ph i'».!iieal:— Ad^l-iiJe-lMiuders-strjst-Kev. S. Mead, and Mts»;s. --'. K. Tliomy. (.?. Uirks, (I. Duke, (J. -!oi!i-, II. Kcnti.-!', S Suuinierr-, J. Sorrel), J. KeiitUli, 2!.trio*-. !i. ll-i'.rcn, Ferguson, J. Moody, Ilee.LS, and il. Harvey. Albtitnn— iiev. J. I'ric2 and dek'gitps. AMin.'a -M- s-rs. K. I'o.vell ami J. Udivering. lt.'!.iir -.Mr. l.-ilR-r. I'uromandel Valty-Mr. A. Mumy, M.P. K.i-.vler— Messrs. Sa.vL-, U'. HiKirt, and \V. Fdseil. Ir-giewooil— Messrs. C'h;ipim:i and Pitnian. Kapund i -Itev. W. A. Claxtnn aad Messrs. St'liie, t.Jiti'S, Jackman, mil Mellor. Keiiton Vallev-K v. !L L Tuck. Lyn loch Valley-Kev. N. J. Hone and Mr. John Willr., us. Ma_'i!l— llev. 11. Parkin and Me«r3. Barnes and Ilorton. iVconta-Uer. H. J. Lambert. Morphett Vale— I'ev. L-. iiadger and Messrs. IJri.l.-niau and P-ilson. .Miiunt -lamblet— ilev. J. SI. Day and Mr. Undi-r\r,-.od. Nik i 'mek. S-mt!i RTune-P»ev. T. C. Hiker. South Khiue-ltev. \V. O. Athtou and Messrs. P. Howar.1 and J. Vig.ir. Teatree Uu'tiiy — Messrs. W. \Vliit;nore and Haines. Torrens Vale— Hev. J. L. Davies. TuuL'killo-Mcssr.-i. Fuilard and Naiiinith. Uley-Mr. Tive'.vctrees. ^\ e notictd al.»u amongst thn-e present the Rev. II. 'riiim ss, uf S epiiey, ainl Messrs. C. H. (i«»de aittlJas. (\iinmiug. from Lefevre- terrace Church, with nifiiiliirs from the cnuitrv. TheCiivittMAXsaid he hail been invitetl lately hy the C'inii:U'.ee to give the ann.iai addrefl.?, and ha ! Co -i-i.:ere i it b- tter t'- read wliat he had pre jiare I at rlie nmrnii;^ meeting, when there could be u full iii-LUs.-io!', an! the views and statements con ?! Le finely cuiv.'.-scd, than to leave it to the eve:i;-u. It was r''o jira,.-:i:e in cjnnectiin with tbo Ergli^h A.ssfcia'i-iiis to prepare with great care and pain-, spending considerable time, the rircui-i- Itttcr or annual add.-cs.s, which was then -!rcul.t.'rd throiu'li ih-j (Jiiurc'ies. He had not, iiowevcr, through pressure of oth'T engigements. o*iiig to having othir litcmry woik in preparation, lieen able to devote much time to this, and he wrote it with no view t) publication. Nevcr tnelc--, he did not greatly fear their criricisin, Ijelitvii-'g that in the main ihey werengreed wiiii him ;mmi!i lij-* suiijec', which was important— the vital one of conversion— anil his paper was as follows :- 'Dear I.rethron and Friends— Without any strong {jelir.g vf hesitition I acceded to the re -iue-t of your Committee to uive the Ciiainnan's address on tki- the fourth annual meeting of Mir A.s-iociatio:i. It has b-.:cn a source of regret to me that recently my ti'ijo hvs been so fully occupied ;-s to leave ir.e but li' tie opportunity for mature'y j-o!iileiing over the subject which is to engage our rhoi:-;'i's this niorniii1-'. I hope it will not be ?lecnr.Vi i'i;t 'f place if I here i'.\jire«s my wish that whatever may be t!i- tulit of this paper no one will think nf its appealing in print. ''['. i- i:-- new subject which I hive selected as the bvii-. on which to found some observations and s;iL'gesti-t:i.'i. I indeed feel more air! more the iia pori.nue of the th-;i::e, which U tha'of 'Conver s n:i.' 1 have not chosen this theme for the sake if giv;iu von a discourse thereon, but rather that 1 iiit.v ?jii-'e.nii-.ir to strt ltefore you the principle 'vh'.tli atipea s to me to be of paramount inipyir tiii.c, ^ /, t'li! miking conversion the exclusive 'i:wi s of i 'hureii membersiiip. It is not enough to have c -'.ir views of thii subject; they must be c.vrrict! i:,t- practice. Moreover, it u sometimes nece-.-ai v n-t only to hoM the ligli; theory, but ahit to dwell I it— to def;-nil it by showing the uu *crtp'r;ra';i-3 of that which is oppo-ed to it. *'Ti:U sui.jees has an additional importance from vh.it -e«m« now to le the fact in this colony. That i-a: !Jtptt-t l';iureit-- stanil aione in the maintenance of this piinciple in all its integrity. There 'u l.-ut too good giound for apprehending il-;«t S'line Churches which have It-en wont firmly to h-vd and tarry out this principle are gradually ticp irsinc from it. We much fear. also, that other ? 'hureins, whose theories may be sound, are yet in their practice sadly below the -'ew Testament stand ril. ^eeinsr, then, that we are now left ap pare!:t',v to stand almost alone in the belief and adoption of the axiomatic truth as the absolutely necessary qualification for Church membership, docs it not behove us to reconnoitre our position, in.i !? ok well at our-i:ifr.-;d;ies anil rrnspects.' As to thi! wir.1 convesion you will not need that I ?-houM attempt to give any definition of it. It may I* ciitjiuh to say that we here use the word to express the entire change of the heart, together with th-.' corresponding alteration in the outward conduct It is ttie turning of the heart from self and from Satan to Christ and l- God. It is the re i'.iifiUi-hing of a life t-f opposition to God for a life cf lovhg obedience to Him. 'In th; production of this marvellous change we b':iiiive that the Divine llegcuerator of the human heart, tiie Holy Spirit, works by means nf the piTiiiasive and enlightening truths of the lio.pei. To the sinful heart Jesus is revealed, and he ciines at once a power of conviction and the supreme object of trust. With the soul's whole trust lovingly and linngly fixed on the Crucified One. gladly does the ienewul man at ouce take up his cros3 to folio* the Lord. It -eems impossible to doubt the fact that the J'.mlina epistlis sent to various Churches were addressed to them as piofessedly composed of converted persons. Kaul speaks of these persons as the saints, the chosen, the enlightened, the «a7ed, the redeemed, as being in Christ. Such language is altogether inconsistent with the idea that the membership of these Churches was of an indiscriminate character. So far as Christian enlightenment and discernment could go these persons were believed to be a; the time of their baptism truly converted. 'We readily grant that wolves in sheep's clothing appeared in these Churches. There is no evidence that the Apostles and first Evangelists possessed infallibility in the discernment of character. They were, indeed, quick to notice such signs as clearly evinced that professors were destitute of the one thing needful Illustrations of this are to be found in the cases of Anasias and Sapphira, as well asof Simon Magus. These very exceptions prove the rule. Tli2 ApoUei did not knowingly recognise any as bona fide members of the Church except such as gave evidence ef real ( C0'Then°''further. the inherent constitution of a j Church, as implying a body of saints of saved ones, shows how an entirely foreign element is introduced when an unconverted person becomes a member of the Chureh. There is no possibility of ouir grafting a soul dead to Christ into the living olive tree of the Church. The graft may appear carefully fitted in its place, it may be seen to have ; been stuck on. but it is dead nevertheless, and will ever remain so, unless the Spirit of God ! breathe into it the breath of life. As the Church is Christ's, it should be composed of those who through faith are Christ's people— Christ's disciples ' —and uf none else. . 'Further, it may lie pointed out that the two positive ordinances of Christ, baptism and the smpper, show how that for any, except converted persons, to submit to the one or participate in the other is nothing less than a mockery and a dilution. The initiatory ordinance of baptism declares that ihe person immersed professes to have been washed from all sin in the blood of Jesus -professes to have died unto sin and to have risen unto righteousness, whilst the participation in the supper testifies to our union with Christ as resulting from our faith in His sacrificial death, It is a prostitution of three solemn and precious . ordinances when persons take part in them who have not experienced a true change of heart. 'Such are, in brief, some of the weighty con- siderations which constrain us to hold fast the principle that the Lord's Church is exclusively for the Lord's people. We believe that this prin- ciple lay at the basis of all Apostolic teaching and ; practice. Ic is the key which alone unlocks the j many complications which otherwise meet us in ; New Testamsnt Church history. 'Episcopalian as well as some other writers are very apt to refer in defence of their practice to ' tha parable of the tares and wheat. They readily quote the word', 'Let both grow together until the harvest.' It is easy to quote passages from the parables to prove almost anything. As to the special parable referred to, it should be observed that the Saviour himself explains 'the ield' to mean not the Church, but 'the world;' and therefore no argument cm be founded herein ; as to the constitution of a Christian Chureh. We, ; however, know the voice which spake 'Come out from among them, and be ye separate.' 'Apart from the quotation of Scripture pas- sages, it may be asked, on what grounds do others ; advocate this laxity in the admission of members to Churches? ' ' I. We uiiieh feir that one principle lying at the i root of this laxity is simply worldly expediency, i I do not mean that this is openly acknowledged, j or perhaps consciously and intentionally acted I u;-on; but it inav be, notwithstanding, the real principle upon which much Church action is based, j Thee act is this is a temptation cnn-Lintly besetting j all Chur.:he--, even when the thing is eschewed ami ' really hated. We have no doubt that the implicit j adoption of this worldly-expediency principle in i the admission of unconverted persons to full mem- | bcrship in the Ohuiehcs is the real explanation of not a little of the worldliness of many Churches. '?2. Another strong motive power at work lead ing to this looseness in admitting persons to ihc j privileges of Church fellowship is the ambition to fee the Churches increased in numbers, ft is per fectly right to dssire increase in our Churches. We cannrit have t'MS desire too strong, pro vided it Ikj under the con'rolling influence of this principle of Christ's Holy (Jo-pel; pro vided also that the supreme auu be the g'or.v of Uoil. But t!ii3 holy desire may 'come down,' may degenerate into a mo e se'iish wish to .see our roil of Church membership enlarged, because it will bring liapp:n».'ss orhmmirto our- j selves. Hence tlfs beco;nes a most insidious ilwcer. In nothing do we more need the {?nuiou.s gui. lance of thfi Holy Spiri'. than in havitii;, main tainitiL', and working out the desire for increased iwfiilii'jss. What a host of things are done on th-: ple.i of usefulness which are utterly foreign to and unworthy of the Holy tospet of Jesus! ':{. There are persons attending in most congre gatioti* whose outward character is very coni niRiidah'.e— persons who are amiable in their ilis posititms, gentle in their deportmenr. truthful in their speech, upright in their general character— nay, move; they may ilisplar much roga-d to the out'A'ard ordinances of (loi's hou-e. and in iv have many sincere wishes to be true disciples of Christ. But they are tinregeneratc in heart. If specious pleas an; used to persuvle them to a;-ply for Church nvniherslrp in many cases they would readily yii-M comphirc-1 to the persuasive appeals. 'I 'believe the chief danger with respect to laxity in the admission of members to our Churches relates to this c!a-s. Some openly ad vocate the udmis-ion of such amiable and moral person? to our I'liur-hes. The p'ea is, 'we cannit di-cern the heart.' The cnmlu-ion is, 'therefore they in-iy Ii : Christian?.' The c-mseii'ient r.clion is expressed thu*, 'let us open more wi-Jely tin.' diMir of the Church.' ' - neh art; our ;l ingers. It is important that we should bj 'in our uuard. I.etusendeavo'ir to open the door of the Church ju-t a- widely as the Master has op'.-iit'd it. Never more than at the present moment has it been our imperative duty simply to abide by the Saviour's laws, ^pecilk details He has not given in in His hw-bo -',;, the New Testament, but clear and wide-cjt ?nding prin cip'e* He has supplied to us One of irs bright and iic aut;ftil principles is that Christ's Church is S'llclv for Chiist's disciples. 'Mir .ill our Churches clearly, holv. and fciith fully m:i:iitiin this law of our Loid and King.' After the reading of the paper, there was a dis cussion uji-ju evpressioiis contained in it. The l.'-iainuati kliiihtly modified ona or two sentences, and we insert it in this corrected form. We state this so tin!; the remarks which follow miy be understood by those who were not present. Mr. W. C.utKKU. of Mount Darker, could concur in almost every word of the add ess just delivered. He considered the subject one of vital interest and impirtance to the Church, an I was thankful it had been brought forward, lie would suggest a slight alteration, as, although it expressed the opinions of tiie Chairman and himself and others. wotiM, if going forth as the expres sion of the associated C!iurches, perhaps lead to some misunderstanding. lU* would move tint the thanks of the meeting be tendered for the paper, and th it it be printed. The Uev. II. L. Tuck seconded. He also agreed with the views stated in the paper rea-i, and had no doubt that it would go forth as the expression nf the opinion of the ( 'hurches of their body; ami such being the ca-e, any verbtl alteration would be desirable whfc'h would enable them all to iiciniiesce. The iiev. W. A. Claxton* would very ctrdially support tiie motion for the printimof so faithful and earnest paper. He hoped that it would be seen and read by members of other denomina tions as well as their own, ami also by numerous brethien who were Baptists who in various loca lities were quietly settling down in Churches which did not lidd so firmly .as they did that conver sion was essential to fellowship. There were many holding their distinctive principles, who were labouring and apparently content to work in other bodies instead of uniting with their own, I mil he would have been glad if a paragraph had been ad led pointhg out to -ue!i their duty. Those who held their principle* oueht to lose no oppor tunity of bearing testimony and might do good servi'.-e thu*. Mr. Jas. S-n rn thought that their Piedol-a-itist f'iends might take exception to the statement that there was a desiie to open the door too wide, and not iinist upon a chtnge of hear: rs a pre requisite to Church membership. In the Congre gational body, which had been nnin'y re.'erred to, there were no doubt some who s'uiglit to relax; but he was not quite sure that iti their own biidy there could not also b-j fonul those similarly dU po-ed. The address was faithful and outspoken, and he hoped that some who were more ready than th y should lie to think every reference was intended for them would not have ground for lakingexcep i'tnto p rti-ms of the paper. Perhaps it would be better t) expungei! i- or two sentences. The K'ev. 1). B.vD'iKK -»a- cmviuoed it was necessary to ti'ie a very decided sta-id upon this question nf iiivHubct^lisp of I'hristi'iu Churches, .-cveral of the d .-nominations would contend thac the principle of conversion before tiicinbership was that upon which they actal. Amung the Cou cregationa'isrs there were some liberal men who desired to throw down the barrier; but they weie going again.- 1 the stream in their ohm bo.lv, and he was lirm'y convinced the great heart of the Independent body was sound on this point. Then with the Methodists, although not so plainly with them in principle, their actual practice was far better than their theory; and the Presbyterians, if asked, would refer to their creeds, confessions, and standards as the exponent of their principle, whatever their practice might be. (Laughter ) The tone and extent nf the belief of the Congrega tinualists could not be obtaiud from the Chair man's addiess at their Union, as it would not be criticize I like this, and at some of the Church meetings the wish of some of the ministers to relax m the matter of al.ui sion was stoutly opposed by the people. ftlr. C. H. -;uode thought that it might be dis puted whether the Independents were really becoming more 1 ix as to communion; and as to the addresses given at successive annual meetings cf the Congregational Lfnion, it might be well when this address «vas piuted to add a footnote, referring to extracts 'rum such papers bearing out what ha I been Raid by the - hainnan. .Mr. Neri.tj said among the many Churche3 of Christian Disciples, when he was belter acquainted with them than now, the practice w;ls only to admit the baptized, and not administer that without evi lence of conversion. The Kev. J. Puice said if he ha I been speaking personally he would h^ve c.xoressed similar views to the chair, but he was not certain that the meeting would all he so positive in drawing a distinction between personal views and denomi national action. He would seek to very slightly moiiify any references to others. Many portions of the addresses given at the Coneregaiional Union they should oppose as individual Christians, pastors, and Churches, but it was undesirable M clash unnecessarily deuominationality with other Churches, The vote of thanks and motion for printing were carried unanimously. Mr. Ci-AXro.v aihlinn tli.it as they were shortly t - start a monthly tujgazine this I paper would do for an editorial. work ox mrnssi. The Kev. J. Prick brought, umier the notice of the meetini a work just completed by the K;v. S. Mead in answer to what amounted to a challenge from another minister of the city, and stated that 1,IKW copies had l-een arranged for, ami probably 2,0uO or more would be required. LETTERS FROM THE CdUKCHEi. The reports from associated Church -s were then read, those sending in letters or making verbal statcm nts hems Adelaide. (Hinders- street), Alberton, Coroniandel Vail y, Iveuton Valley, Kapunda, Teatree (Sully, Magill. lielair, Uley, Morphett Vale. Uawlcr. Lynloeh. Aldmga. Mount (?ambier. South Khiue, Moonta, Tuugkillo, Salt Cretk. Torreus Vale I During t his part of the proceeding', which lasted I a considerable time, there was an adjournment for dinner, which was served in the vestries Ma goodly I number, and at 2 o'clock the business was re I sumed. Whilst the letters were l)eing read several I of those connected with the various Churches ] made statements as to their special work which ' were not included in the letters. I WITHDRAWAL. f A letter was read purporting to ce sent by the I Church at Brouabam-plare. North Adelaide, with drawing from tKe Association. Considerable discussion followed upon the ques tion whether those sending the letter were rightly in possession of the building, and how far the Tea tree Cully Church was bound in the matter, it having been regarded as a bianch. The history of tbe way in which Mr. Basset t obtained possession of the building was stated to be consequent upon s secession of some of the members. The kind of letter sent was also freely commented upon anil pronounced digcreditab!e, and ultimately it wa3 decided to hold over the decision till the next meeting. ADMISSIONS ' The following Churches were unanimously ad nitted into the Association:— Keuton Valley, Joromandel, Tuugkillo, Aldinga. Belair. ', AN'KCAL REPORT. ' Mr. G. FL 003DE (Minute Secretary) then read he annual report. j 'On lieb.iit of the Committee, the Secretaries low l;,y Itefore you this, the fourth annual report. X is, i/e think, a fact which should awaken gra:i- ; tide that the Society has maintained its existence or four years. These years have been years of :ompirative feebleness, yet have they been years )f prayer, years of work, years of harmonious co- j )peration on the part of tho$e who have shired in j ;he work. Your Committee has been largely com posed of the same persons f Mm the beginning. No : jar hau occurred in any of the Committee meetings ?-f these four years. We speak of this not boast- ? 'ully, but to elicit gratitude to Him whose love has ' :hus constrained us to work in harmony. May j such harmony long continue. i ' Whilst we thankfully reflect on the unanimity ! ind earnest interest in the work which has for so : iongcharacteiiz.'dtheCommittee, itisa point worthy ' at consideration whether it be not advisable to ! reorganize the Committee, so as to plac-j so far as j possible new names on the list. It is also a q les- | tion whether some alteration is not needed in the i liinual nomination of the Committee. We men- ? tion thi3 by wa- of suggestion. i 'We hope it can be said with truth that the [ Association lm never been so strong as at the pre- ; sent time. We have also goul reason for believing \ that a very general and lively interest in its pros- j parity i* feh throughout the denomination. Per- i feet union we have not, nor do we expect to have it i whilst. Christians are so impeifectlv umlertheswuy | of the trath and love which is in Christ Jesus. For ! a more p.-rfect union we earnestly long and pray ' It is only four and a half months Miiee the h i!f- i yearly report was presented at Kapuala. There j has n it beeu much in the history of the Churches duriiij! these few months which demands any special notice in this report. Moreover, detailed reporls from the several Churches have been , already presented !o yon, and a i epitome of these j will be given at this evening's meeting. 'Two new Churches, having but a small number - of members- in -mc!i, have been formed a: Aldinsa and Mount Pleasant. Special ditiiculti -s surround both these Churches, but we trust that in due time the rough way may be made smooth. ' Uuwler still continues without a settled i minister. A few weeks ago it was hoped that a valued brother from one of the colonies would have b;u inclined to hive come over to take the pastorate of this Ciiurch. We h ive, however, experienced a other disappointment wi'.h regard ! to the hope cheiished. We c innot but think tiiat j the Lord will soon send a suitable mini-ster to labour in this important sphere. With all the drawbacks to which this cause has been subjected, the congregations have continued good, and there have l:ee:i si.uns of Jehovah's blessing. ' \V hat may be reganle 1 as au almost new c mse his been established at liiirlewood. Here, ton, the interest recently displayed in the hearing of the Word preached has been encouraging. Here we li'ipe to sec a chapel erected before another year shall have pa--e I away. ' lu several of the Churches there have been very cheering sign* of the Lord's blessing upon trie elfins pit forth to win souls tu Chris:. Some of the Churches are thus able to rejoice in the in mife.-' evi -!ence that God's work is prospering among them. ' w e would that all the Churches were in this happy position, rtoine, however, have to mourn over a paralysing Iukewannness. Strongly do we feel the need for all our Churches to hi st'rred up to mo:e zj.il in the attainment of a higher per sonal holiness, and to a Spirit-begotten enthusiasm fur the salvation of the unsaved. May God graciously grant that the Churches may, in the true sense of the word, be revived. ''In the last annual report the hope was exp-essed that a minister might, 'at no very d.sta.it period, be found settieil at South Khiue and fci'.en Valley.' We are grateful that this hope his been realized in Mr. Ashton's entrance upon pastoral duties, there. It is with much contidenee that the Commute: look upon the .solemn engage ment which has there been undertaken. 'Mr. Ashtou's connection with the Association as a student ceased on September :iO. For the satisfaction of otheis it was deemed advisable to subject Mr. Ashton to au examination in several branches of study which had been pursued duringthe year. The Committee requested the Kcvs. 1). J. II. Ihhetson an I U. Sroni-liou-e to undertake th:s examination. This request was in each case acceded t ?, anl the Committee hereby tender their thanks for the kindness thu^ shown. The reports ef the examiners ar- satisfactory . 'Soon after the half-yearly meeting, Mr. John X. Birks of Mo mta, made application to fie Om\ mittee to be accepted as a student for the ministry. Tie very satisfactory testimony that was borne to Mr. I5irk--'s earnestness in Christian labours, and to his ;acccptablcncs'- as a preacher, induced the Committee to accede l- the request made. ' We are g'ad to repoit the laying of tin foun datioii-stone of a n^.v chapel at Morphett Vale, also tha: sjin-; steps have been taken towards the election uf chapels a; Tarlee and tjtockport. ''It, ii a cause of anxiety to us that our Treasurer will have to report a considerable deficiency. The fr.ends should bear in mind that this means a narnuTing of our spheres of opera tion1. This we c inuo\ must not -aud, shall we n it s-iy, will not -sujiuic to. The present de presMuii in trade miy prevent us extending so rapidly, I, tit it ought not to prevent a more gradual extension. We nope that the claims of the Asso ciation for pecuniary help will not be reckoned last and least. 'in the anticipation of the coming year we feel ' hat there is ground for the expression of the hope ' hat it may lie, in a very high and holy sense, a : ruly successful year. .Some have already enjoyed, n the present series of meetings, such an unusual ' ueasure of blessing from on hiah ;is makes us ' 'ervently desire to feel and see yet greater thing-!.' ! TKKASUltKK'S KEFOKT. Mr. James Smith ( Treasurer) read the financial ' statement, from which it appeared that tiie income ' )f the Association ha-l lieen about £320 for the past ' rear, aud that there w.is a deficit of about £7il at ' )re#eiU. The exi-t;nd;ture hail lieen in grants to ; Jhurohes, salary of agjnt, travelling expenses, and sundries. It was uiiainuiously resolved th-al the eport and financial statement be adopted and ' -riuted. COMMITTEE. : Tbe Rav. W. A. Ci.,vxros moved— ! 'That the following gentlemen be the officers ; md Comniittie for the ensuing year: -Treasurer, VIr. James Smith; Minute Secretary, Mr. ('. H. joo-le: t orrespondi: g Secretary, Kev. S. Mead; Committee, llirs. W. A. Claxton, J. Price, It. I'iirhn, Messrs. T. Barney James Whiting, A. S. N'eill, *f. Fowler, W. K. 'J'hoinas, G. Shaw, Alex. Murray. J. White, Jas. Gumming, J. Darling, J. X. Hol.'en.' Mr. Wii. Barker seconded, and the proposition ras carried. THE HALF-TEARLT MEETI.VG. It was decided to hold the next meeting at South Rhine, so as to embrace the Salt Creek. South Uhine, and Tungkillo Churches, with the branches. MACAZISE. It was intimated that very shortly it was in tende ! tocoinni'r c: the publication of a monthly ilenouiinatioual organ, having for its object the ibsseininationof information ainou-z the Churches, the discussion of iiuestions of interest, and the cementing aud building up if the body. It is understood that the Keva G. S'onehouse, J. Price, and S. Mead will be rciiuestod to edit the periodic it. which will appear early, and contain a full repoit of the meeting and addresses. EVEXISC. MEETING. The mcet'ng then adjourned, at half-past 5, for tea, to which a l.vgc number sat down in the chap -I; and at 7apubli: meeting was held, with Mr. C. H. Goo le as Chairman. On the platform there were several of the various ministers who»e names have been already mentioned, and the chapel was ncar.y tilled. Proceedings weie commenced by the Kev. D. Badger giving out a hymn, Mie rea'ling of ihe S.-rip:»res by the licv. R. Parki:1, and prayer being i.tteitd by the llev. H. Guiness. The ChaiksiaJj was glad to see so wirm and deep an interest taken in the proceedings as shown by ihe spirit manifested and the ;tUn (iaiice?. He had been prevented by il'ness from lieing at all the previous gatherings, but could not wiihst ind the temptation to lie present that night. He rejoiced greatly in the projriess they weie making, and tha*, G id was prospering the Churches. The Association was extending by Churches giving in their adhesion and the accession of' individual members, and, although it had not ohtriiL'cl itself, had been quiet! v woiking for the last four years. One thing it did was to train young men. They hail drawn supplies from the mother-country, but that must come to an end, and the Association li id done something towards supplying the want, although he was sorry to hear that one, through weakness of sighr, was about to relinquish his pastorate. They had now desig nated Mr. Ashton, who, he hoped, would success fully preach the Wonl of Life; and Mr. Birks. who had entered on bis course of training, would be fouud an acceptable preacher. He had been struck with the number nf small isolated Churches scat tered through the colony, and their want of organiz ition. The object of this Association, however, was to supply the link that should bind them together They had to help weak causes, and vilL-Kut persistent eflbrt would require to be put forth. In tiie part of money mutters a few persons had been largely relied upon to give goo 1 amounts; but not having been so successful as formerly, members stepped in with smaller amounts to fill their place, aud the aggregate would yec be irnod. They must have funds, and if placed at the disposal -'f the Commitee would be laid out to the best advance for the good of the cause and the furtherance uf the - fospel. (o'heers.) PUBLICATION'S. Mr. Jamb Winnsu then reads statement as to the *ale of tracts, pamphlets, aud sermons, from whii.h it appeared that much progress I;ad not been made in this direction, and then urged those pre sent, and especially pastors and deacons, to increased Wl'oits by their influence and the circula tion oi information. KEPOKT.S FROM THE CHURCHES. Fcv. J. I'KiCB read tne following summary pr epitome of the letters brought before the afternoon meeting:— The letters from the Churches read at the business meelinas during the day spoke of difficulties arming from many causes, but amid these various diffi culties thete seemed au almost unvaried state ment that the work uf -Jod was prospering. One point of especial interest wa« to the eflcct that a sniritnal awakening was enjoyed in some of the Clrirclics among very you«g persons. One country pa-tor, who had baptized 17 persons during the jear. slated that many of them had been quite youns: and in another cose several young persons had bjen baptized, some at the early age of li. Another Church spoke of nine as added from the ! Sindiy-school. It was very pleasiug to hear the testimony borne to the evident earnestness of these young persons, and the mauifest work of grace which h*l been exper.enced in their hearts. - -ue letter stated :— ' We have first been careful to seek for very satisfactory evidence of con version in the e young ones before they were accepted by the Church. This evidence being supplied, we have felt we could do no other than receive to our fellowship tha*e whom we fully believe Christ has really received into His arms. ' We are now trying with regard to them to luliil the lord's commission, 'Feed My lambs.' '' In addition to those actually reported, the state ment v.as also made that numbers were still seek ing fellowship, who were expected to be received in the course of another month. Five Churches applL'd fcr admission into the Association, and were unanimously accented. A letter was received purporting to be in tne name of an associated Church, but as some question was raised respecting the actual representation of the Church by the said letter, the consideration of the matter was deferred. The additions to those Churches which supplied ! statistics were 149 by baptism, 82 by letter and ' testimony, making a total of 231. The deductions from this number were— by death, six; byexclu Moa* eight ; by erasure ef names, SI ; by removals, *4- le&ving; 152 as -the cleat increase. One ' da&& of difficulties with, which country lurches especially hare bad to contend i that which has come to be termed 'the , xodus,'1 which to a considerable extent has taken | ilace in some district*. One Church from this iuse had to report a diminution of 11 members, he only instance in which the Churches had not ncreased. One Church had to deplore the' re ignation in consequence of failure in vision of heir highly esteemed and useful pastor. One g ittle Church speaks of great blessings from Go j, { if the Lord woiking in then: midst, ami of a truly Christian spirit of love and brotherhood. Another Jhureh speaks of the evident working of tha Holy spirit, of pea e and union among the people, aud if the Sabbath school proving in their case a uimery for the Church. Some brethren whose Jliurches are greatly isolated as to situation from lie sister Churches speak of their position ia this espect as being one which calls for sympathy on he part of their brethren. Still these reuort their J.iurches as experiencing a blessing from ()od,and is enjoying a decided improvement in attendance md interest. One chapel was reported as having wen completed aud opened for wjr*hi?,aud another lew chapel as opened during the last rive months ree from debt. The jettcrs generally breathed on ;he one hand a spirit of thankfulness in view of ;ood actually received and influences enjoyed ; and )ii the other of humiliation, because of lukewarm iess still to to be deplored. An earr est interest in ;!ie Association was expressed in all the letters, and ite pastors of some Churches not hitheito eni liodied in the Association as Churches expressed ; iheir hope aad conviction that applications would I be forwarded for admission into the Assoc ation I another year. The Lord be praised for the spirit sf earnestness and union thus displayed, and for :he growing harmony thus imparted by the God of Peace. | Earnest addresses were then delivered as fol lows:- By the Kev. H. J. Lambert, on 'The Necessity of Conversion in the Members of the Church of Christ;' by the Kev. J. 51. Day, on ' Winning Souls the great object of Chri- tian work;' aud by the Kev. W. A. C'iauon, on ''The h-st means savingly to influence the extremes of the social scale.' A. collection was made in the course of the evening, aud tlie, maeling closed in the usual way. THE WESLEYAN DISTRICT MEETING. The annual district meeting of the 'Wesleyan Methodist Courc'i in S »ut!i Australia commenced its sittings in the Lecture Mall, l'irie-strcet, on Tuesday. October 15. 'the Chairman of the District (the Rev. John Watsfonl) opened the meeting by giving out a hymn, which being sung the lievs. M. Wilson and J. U. Millard engaged in prayer. The roll was then called, and the L'evs. Samuel Knight and .Tames V. Simpson, who had arrived in rhe colony during the year, w^-re introduced by the C.nirman, and cordially received by the meeting. The Esv. J. U. Millard was elected S.-cretary of the District, and, on his nomination, the Kevs. C. H. Goldsmith and H. T. Ilnrgess were appointed Assistant Secre taries. On the motion of the Secretary, the unanimous thanks of the meeting were tendered to the Uev. It. C. fc'lockart for his able services as Secretary during the past year. After sundry preliminary arrangements had been made, the usual examination of character was conducted by the Chairman in the form of a series of questions relating to the moral character, doctrinal vie .vs. and abilities of the ministers severally. On the first day of meeting the ministers were enter t lined at dinner in tlie schoolroom by the ministers residinir in Adelaide. On the foili.wi.ig evening Mr. and Mrs. Culton invited the members of the meeting an 1 a number of friends to tea, also in the schoolroom A large c unpany assembled at annut U o'clock aud partook of the handsome hospitality provided. rCBLIC MEETING. At 7 o'clock the same evening (Wednesday, JHth) a public meeting was held in the Lecture Ih'l to hear from the country ministers an account of the state and progress of the Churches under their care. The hall was crowded to overflowing. After singing and prayer, the Chairman of the l'istiiot opened the business by stating the object of the lm-etin,', and lemarkiti . that the pa«t year had bcL-n one of great prosperity, in which the town ;u well as country Circuits had shared. There wjie 4 Uti-l Church members in the district, being an increase of |i;i. These were also 9-4 on trial for Membership. Hi then called on the Kev. W. S. Worth, of Kooringa, who sta/ed that they had suffered in ttie Kooringa Circuit from the removal of considerable n iiuUcrs, and from the general de pression caused i-y the stoppage uf the mine; yet they had great came for thankfulness in the pro sperity they had enjoyed during the year. At Kooringa and a: Canowie they had had revivals of religion, which had grtatly cheered them, bixty nine persons hid bten received on ttiil. The Uev. C. II. Goldsmith gave a moit interesting account of a revival which had sprea-1 throughout the Mount BarkerCircuit. Hebelieved that upwards of £011 had embraced religion, although all had no' joined tbe Wesieyan Church. The' Ucv. T. LIoul described a similar work in the Gawler Circuit, entering into details both s'.riking and pleasin.'. Other testimonies to the same eli'ect, and all of a deeplv interesting character, were given by the Kevs.' 11. T. Burgess H. Bath, W. M. Bennett, T. Kdmeades, C. T. Newuiau, an I J. Haslam. At the conclusion of these addresses the following resolution was unanimously adopted:— 'That this meeting hiving heard with pleasure the various statements relative to the work of (io 1 amongst us in tha colony, g'orifL's God for the gracious revival which has bten realized, an 4 lieicbv re 60 yes to help forward the Church Extension Fund rn ir* upmost abilitT.?J 1hubsd.it, OCTOBEP. 111.- Ihe hn-t reading ot , he stations was completed after considerable dis- ussion. Additional ministers were requested for j Adelaide 1st, Gawler, ami Mount Barkir. On 'rid iv, two young men were presented as candi- , lates for the ministry, and went throught tbe usual ?s.imin.Uion-, which occupied the whole of the ? orcnoon. lteports of their sermons were given ; -y those appointed to hear them. One of the - andidates was unanimously recommended to the Jonfere::ce on condition that he have a year's raining. The trial sermons of the ministers , in probation were also reported on; their mnual examination was con.lucsed in .writing. ' Jnder the questian ' Whom do we annoint iepresentative at the ensuing Conference?'' the ilection resulted in the appointment of the Iiev. 1\. C. Fiockart. The Riv. Thomas Lloyd was als - ippoiutjd ti accompany the Chairman and Kipre entative. The Uevs. luiight, Patchell, Bennett, tnd B.irgess asked permission to attend thi Cou erence, which was granted. THK UNASCrAL DISTRICT UEKTIKG. This meeting is composed of the Ministers an 4 ^ircuit Stewards. During the single -iay allotted or its sittings a large amount of business has to be .ran«acteil and the various funds of the Connexion )a-sed under review. The following gentlemen veie present from various Circuits:— Messrs. -olton. M.K, J. Scott, Mitchell, Gautt, Rhodes, b'orgie, Levett, B;irclay, Carr, AI.P., Nock, Lane, [Iowar«1, Pope, Sunter, Do'.vty, Uribble, MansfieM. UurKe&s;, Dulty, and TurreL The Chairman said ic was glad to see so many office-beaiers present, lie njoiced that they had not to mourn over the .ncmciency of their system. They did not, how :ver, cry 'The temple of the Loid are we.' for :hey did n it claim to have the only true lest of Jnurcli membership. He hal no doubt that the business of the day would be gone through harmoniously, ami that they should have a goo I meeting. Under the head of Church Property, it was fchown that there are 133 chapels, being an increase of nine, and eight .in course of erection. 1'he total cost of chapels and ministers' houses has been £108,57o. The C03t if new erections and enlargements during the year j has been £8.:-2:$. Mr. Cotton called attention | to the gra'ifyiusr fact that although there ha.- had been so'jlarge an expenditure, the total debt increased only about i.'2,!MJi). All the cases of i new erections were carefully enquirtd into to ascertain hoivfarthe Conference rules had been observed. Sanction was given for the erection of hiiie new chapels and two residences. The income of the Church Extension Fund was a!;out £M, bsing a larger amount than had before been raised for the fund Thu conrexional funds were also shown to be in a satisfactory condition. Mr. James Scott pointed out the necessity of a large augmentation of the Woai-cut .Ministers ami Widows Fund, as he cons:dered the present allowances made from the fund utterly inadequate. The members of the Connexional Committee are the ministers in full connexion and au cipual number of laymen. The following were nominated bv baUjt to act on the Committee for bCS: Messrs. L Itoach, James Scott. J. Carr, M.K, J. Coltm;, M.P. D. JSock, J. B. lbek, W. G. Coonins, K. Sunter, T. _\V. Mitchell, G. Sara, Line, X. lVlman, M. Kingsboroujrh, J. Jolly, \V. Scott, T. rtteplieus, and G. W. Cotton. The Ministers and Circuit Stewards of the three Ade laide Circuits were reappointed the Chapel Building Committee. The report of the Loan Fund Committee was brought up, showing that the mm of £700 was available for the year, and the following grants were made .--Draper Memo rial Church, £'.M; old chapel, Gawler, £*200; Port Lincoln, £ ICO; Currency Creek, £luO. Tne report of the Book Depot was also brought up, from which it appeared that the Depot is in a safe and prosperous state. The sales for the year had Oeeu £1.(JS2, ami the profits about £135. The affairs of the College came under review, and an animated discussion took place on educational matters generally. It was resolved that the Conference lie requested to La id over the amount raised in tha district for the Theological Institution that it may he us'.d for tht purpose for which it was subscribed in con nection with the College in course of erection at Kent Town. Ihe total amount wised for the various funds during the year is about £17,'^'). Wednesday, 23.-'fhe report of the Magazine was piescnted by the editor and aoproved. The circulation is over 2,500. Thee rdial thanks of the meeting were tendered to the Kev. Mr. Fiockart for his services! as editor, and in anticipation of his removal to another C rcuit the i.'evs. G. W. Patchell and Alfred I'igg were appointed editors. The third reading of the Stations was passed on Thursday morning. Several schemes relating to the propoFed alteration of the present plan of the Australasian Conference having been submitted to the meeting for consideration, it was resolved that in the opinion of the meeting there exu-ts no sufficient reason for such serious changes as those ptopo-cii. la view of the probable removal of the Kev. Ii C Flocka't from the colony, a resolution was unanimously agreed to, expressing the high estimation in which Mr. Flcckart is held by his brethren, on account of hL- pcr-or.al worth anil the emin :nt Eerrices he has rendered to the Church of Christ in thu colony for the last 18 years. At the close of the business the 'Liverpool Minutes' were read, and the Ministers partook together of the Sacrament of the Lord's Snyper. DRAPES MEMORIAL CHrjEC.7. The want of a Wesieyan place of worship in the southern portion of the city has long lieen a source of inconvenience to many niemlers of tiiat deno mination, but active steps have now heea taken for supplying the deficiency, and providing suit- I able church accommodation. In July hist the ma-ter was first taken up in a practical way, when at a meeting at Pfrie- street about £1,100 was sub scribed towards the object. A piece of land was procured in Gilbeit street, adjacent to the school room there, aid the idea having suggested itself that this building might be made a fi:tiog memo rial to the memory of one whose devoted laiwurs in the cause of Wesieyan MeihoJism in the Aus tralian Colonies won for him the esteem and confi dence of all with whom he was connected, the foundation-stone of the Draper Memorial Church wa3 laid on Tuesday, October 15. It may not be out «f place here to give a few particulars of the late Kev. Daniel James Diaper, to whose memory the structure is to be erected. Mr. Drap'or was born at Wickham, Hampshire, on August 28, 1810. At the age cf 20, while living nt Southampton, he became a local preacher, under the superintendence of the Kev. W. D. Gay, and in December, 18SI, he removed to Brecon, in South Wales, where as a preacher he was laborious, arcep'able, and. useful. He was approved of by the District 'Jommittee, accepted on trial as a candidate for the ministry by the Confetww* in l&H;, acd appointed to the Chatterls Circuit. At this time becoming known for his zealous efforts , in the work to the Secretaries of tbe Missionary ! Society, he was selected with several others to , proceed to New South Wales, taking his departure ! foe that colony on October 13, 1815, and reac'iing I Sydney via Tasmania in tbe following ApriL j After about 10 years' successful labour in New ! South Wales, wherj he was married to his second wife, Miss Shelley, daughter of one of tha first missionaries to the South Seas. Mr. Draper was with hpown consent appointed m 1816 to the charge of the Adelaide O rcuit. which he found in a depressed and discouraging state. The entire colony at that tiuu formed one circuit, and in cultivating this extensive field Mr. Draper spared no energy, it being said of him that he fre quently lode on horseback 50 miles a day to preach to congregations in distant localities and scattered neighbourhoods. In connection with the question of bti.ti aid to religion he was much misrepresented, considerable difference of opinion existing amongst the denomination to which he belonged as to whether they should or should not j avail themselves of State grants ; but his policy has been acknowledged to be a wise one, sn'd he had the satisfaction of finding that his judicious use of State aid, while it lasted, enabled the Church to strengthen ana improve its condi tion, and take one of the first positions in the laud. The Church extension system was projected by Mr. Draper in 1S5J and 1ST)!, wlich embraced the erection of a number of chapels aud ministers' residences, aud of these erections Pine-street Chapel was the chief. During his stay in South Australia Mr. Draoer held for the same time the office of President of the South Australian Total Abstinence tociety. In 1S55 he was appwuted to Victoria, where for some years he was Chairman of the District. He was .Secretary of theConfetence in the years 1^57, 1S~-8. and ISih), and in IXcU he was elected President. Having for some years contemplated a visit to Europe, he was in IStjj appointed as the representative of the Australasian Couference to the British Conference, aud 1 It f r England early iu Ui.it rear: ami it w.13 in the following year that Mr. and Mrs. Draper on their return to Australia went doivn in the steamship London in the Bay of Uiscay, with 22d fellow passengers - a catastrophe the remembrance of which, and of the part which Mr. Diaper displayed in connection therewi:h, must be familiar to all. The following ii a description of the church, as supplied to us by the architect, Mr. James Gumming:— 'The general style of the building U first pointed or early English earned out in bard stone rubble, with freestone dressings. Ihe main en t aiice is in tlie centre of the front, and through tiie tower, which U within the line of the front. Above the roof the tower is diminished by weather ings to the bellchamber, to which theie isa lar^e triplet louvred opening on each of the four faces of the tower, surmounted by a gablet. Above the bellchamber the building is fimshed by an octa gonal spire rising to a height of 120 feet from the street level. The front aud flanks are euriclud by buttresses, pinnacles, and ensa^ed shaf;s, with foliated capitals and corbels. The front doorway and large centre window over are enriched with shafts, mouldings, and toothed ornament. There is a large schoolroom at present c'ose to i the rear of the site, which inlluenced j the arrangement cf the building so far us [ the adapting nf the space on the ground floor i on each bide of thu tower for ruomi to be used for a tinuas vestries, while the spaces in the gallery over tlu-se rooms are seated for children of the Sunday-school. The gallery projects three pews beyond the inner face of the tower, aad the centre portion of this part will k: occupied by the choir. The ceiling, which is flit in the centre and sloped a little at the sides, is divided into compart ments by moulded ribs, with bosses at the inter section?, and h:is a cornice at the side walls. The mitldle compartments have each a large perforated flower in the centre, opening to a shaft commu nicating with dormers on each side of the roof, and the ventilation can bo regulated at pleasure from one of the vestry rooms. The fronts of the pulpit, platform, and gallery will be mm work of j Gothic design. The tittings are of cedar, and the I church will be seated to atconunodate 57d p-.Tsons. ; The whole of the work, exclusive of the fence, is 1 contracted for by Mr. W. Hundey, of North Ade hide, at £4,-2,~, a:id will take about twelre months tj complete.'1 j At the hour appointed for the ceremony- 5 p.m. j — iiotnithstandtng the boisterous state of the ? we ither, a great, many spectators had assembled, ' and there were a number of ministers aud hi'lici ; seated on a platfcrm elected near the stone. The Eroceedings having been opened by noging a yum, the l£ev. It. C. Fi.ockaht offered prayer, and Ihe Kev. Alfked Uiui; read the 1.12nd I'sulm. The ilev. J. (i. Millaku then said the bottle wlrch was to be placed under the stone contained the minutes of the hist Couference, the la-t number of the .S'ou'A Austral kin Wcakyan Magazine, with a copy of the Circuit l'.an, the two daily paper, llegbster and Adv rliscr, and a document, of which the tuljowing is a copy : — ' The founiiatiou-.-ione of this house, intended for the public worship of Almighty God after the forms anl ceremonies of the Wesieyan Methodist Church, was laid by John Colton, Esq., M.P., on the 13: h day of October, JSb7, beinij the Slh vear of the leign of Her Most Gracious Mi'j.j*ty Qaeen Victoria, Sir Dominick Daly being Governor of the province; the l.'ev. It. H. Gaud, l'lCKdent of ill! Australasian Wesieyan Metho dist Couference: the Key. John Wats-ford, Chairman ot the Si-u^.b. Australian District; Kevs. J. G. Millard and A. Kijg, ministers of the Adelaide First Circuit; John Colton and ?lames Scott, Estis., Circuit Stewards; James /lun'.mug, Jisq., arcnitcci; ». .kuuuey, lLsq , ontractor; and Messrs. J. Colton, J. bcott, li. toach, li. Goss. W. Collins. W. Johns. W. G. Vifjinlis, W. Scott, H. Codd, M. KingsborO'iRli, .V. lt.cnard-s J. C. Mann, J. D. Bone. P. For. 1\. Dungey, A. Thompson, It. E. Tapley, F. H. ; ''aul.iing, E. Pearce, J. Lunpsford, J. Br*ad, W. rhumas, J. D. Hill. J. Lloyl. G. W. Cotton. W. Staeey, J. tJreer, W. PengelUy, and A. Dohbie. I'rustees and liuilding Committee. This building sto be designated 'The Draper Memorial Church,' u memory of the Kev. Daniel J. Draper, formerly Chairman of iliU District, whose u-eful ministry, ;eni:il disposition, enlightened attachment to Methodism, and mo.t able management of its [(fairs, greatly endeared him to oar people, uiiong whom his name will long be remembered viih love aud veneration. On the 11th of January, Si.t;, when returning from England to Australi;), vhere he had laboured for 30 years he, with his sxcellent wife and upwards of 2')0 fellowpas ?en^er3 sank iuto a watery grave by the imudeiin* of the ship London in the lisy of Discay.— He magnified Christ both iu life and leath.' t he rev. gentleman then said that h»d it not been or the formidable weather the architect would lave had a picture of thi church hui:g up on the vail of the schoolroom, but as it was a drawing of t could lie seen inside. Addressing Air. John Jqlton, M.I'., who was to lay the stone, Mr. Millard said— 'Permit me. Sir, on behalf ? f the trustees and the Uuilding Committee of this jditice, to preseut you wit'i this very handsome ;rowel, and also, in the name of Mr. Bundey, the :ontractor, to present you with this elegant mallet, md now to ask you upon this very interesting -ccasion to proceed with these instruments to lay :he foundation stone of the Draper 'Memorial Jiiurch. 1 have much pleasure in hauding you ;his trowel.' The trowel, a very handsome silver one. witli ivoiy handle— the work of Mr. John Davis— bore :he following inscription :-' Presented to John L'olton, Esq., M.P., ont:-e occasion of his living the foundation-stone of the Draper Meinoiial 'lurch, Adelaide, October 15, 1S67.:' The inaiiet »a- also ? f nice workmanship. Mr. Colton, in a heavy shower of rain, then proceeded to lay the stone with the unial for malities, and declared it laid ' in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and may the blessed Trinity bless this undertaking.' He said he was sincerely sorry that they had such an -.uipropitious afternoon, hut he was very glad to find that there was so much real interest evinced in the undertaking, by the large number of ladies, gentlemen, aud children present on the occasion, tie could not permit that opportunity ts pass « all- out a few remarks. He wa-i gratified that such an interesting ceremony bad fal.eu to his lot. (Ihe rain here came down heavily.) After having been identified with their Church's rise and progress in that city for more than a quarter of a century, he felt that th it was to himse'f a red-letter day— (Hear, hear)-and one that would never be forgotten as long as he lived, he felt a special pleasure in la}iug that foundation stone, because of his long and intimate acquaintance T.ith the honoured name that that e ection was intended to commemorate. Many suggestions had been made as t- the most fitting mean.4 of commemorating that great and good man's name, his life, his noble death, but if they could draw aside the veil, and were permitted to consult their departed minuter and friend the late Kev. Daniel James Draper, who laboured iu that city for nine years, and who spent nine years of the best of his ministry with them, as to the character of the monument to be erected to his memory, they believed that his sentiments would be in accordance with their own aa to the erection of that place of worship. Ihey believed that nothing that could be devised would k-i so much in harmony with his own feelings as such a church as that to commemorate his self-denyinir labours and heroic death. (Hear, hear.) He would say further, that if that good man's fainted spirit was then hovering over them, they btlieved that the joy which he felt would be intensfied by tnat ad ditional act of progress in the cause of the Redeemer in the ciiy in connection with their Church, and he (Wr. Coltou) exceedingly rejoiced at laying the foundation-stone of a butiding to the memory of one whom they all esteemed— a man ttho placed the foundation of their Church in the colony en a firm and sure basis. He might jus: refer bfore lie closed to the reason which had induc-.d the Trustees and friend3 to commsnee fiat ereciqn. For many years their place _ in Pirie-street, large and commodious as it wa', had bjen too sirfc.ll. The erection of a church where they weie then assembled had been talked of for years : but they had not been able to see their way clear to bniid ir, to many undertakings in connection with the onward progress of the Church having interfeied. When at Pirie-street they found that their chapel wa» insufficient to accommodate many earnest worshippers who were desirous of meetng with them, it «as suggest.il that to meet this difficulty a place should lie erected there, and it was thought desirable that there should aim bs one at Kent Town. This last church had teen successfully carritd out, which had interfered witli their movement in tlS-s direction; but they had now determined to build there, as it wa3 found that although many had gone to Kent Town there were still a great many who could not be a:conimodated in Pirie-streer. He hoped they had commenced thi.s wotk in good earnest, with, the belief that it wai absolutely re quired, and they therefore threw ihemsshes upon the sympathies of their friends, asking their co-operation by their prayers, solicitv tion?, and contributions. They had already commenced a large and flourishing school there, meetinp3 were held from SaVbath to Sabbath, a Society met there from week to week, and a large number of their members lived in tlut neighbour hood who would avail themselves of that church when it was erected. ]t would be a very beautiful place, worthy of the Methodist Church, and worthy of that great and good ruanwhos? name it bore; and be hoped when completed it would not bi great y in debt. In reply to the Kev. Mr. Millard, he would say that he hoped he would convey to his brother Trustees the expression of his thanks. He should value it as long a3 he lived, and hand it down to his family as a heir-loom, {Hear, hear.) He thanked them for the honour they had con ferred upon him, and he had never been connected during the last 25 years in tbe colony with any similar undertaking tha'- had failed. He had the greatest possible confidence that what they were now doing was right, that it was under the sanct ion of Heaven, and that God would smile upon their cfibrt«. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Watsfora alter remarking that they wished to get th* collection over before the nextshosrer carue^ a» they had had two already. ?aid he rejoice! a that wwtr, because tiwf xrtn. inilding a church where a Wesieyan Church was leeded, and because it was to be so beautiful a , i ilace; and he al.-o rejoiced ljecause they were ; tbout to build a house for God, where those great ind glorious truths which they as Wcsleyun i tlethndists loved, and which they believed to be in accordance with God's most holy word, would lie here taught. They all kuew what those truths were rhich muse be taught there. Some people saiJ hit this was to be deplored— thai they ou^ht to eave the minds of their ministers free ami un ihackled as they called it. that they might think witli thease, receive fresh light, and chance their ?iews as the timts went on, but they held that all iew in theology touching the great fundamental nsths of Christianity was false. They held that ;he truths of Christianity, like their grtr author, /rere the same 'yesterday, to-day, and fur ever,' ;he Trinity in unity, one God and three persons, ;hree persons and one God, ' the undivided three md the nivsteriouj one.' Surely no light :ould be imparted to them that would ?ver change that great doctrine. There was [triginal sin, man a sinner guilty, depraved, fallen an-1 ruined. No fresh light could ever make j it appear to them that man was not a sinner, that i man was not helplc-s, not ruined. There was re- I deinptionby their Lord and Saviour Jesus Ci i list; i every man was redeemed by His precious blood, iind no other Wiii'. could ever make it appear that Jesus Christ was not wounded for tluir tr ms^r.-s- sioiisi. not bruised for tlH-ir iniquities, tint the , chastisement of their peace was uot laid upon Him, ( and that by his strijws they were not healed. The J traces and witnessing of the Spirit, the renewing of the Hoy Ghost, and the sanctitication of the soul they held that all these great irulhs must remain the same forever, and they insisted upon it that all the ministers of their Church should preae'i those truths. (Hear, hear.) They had no difficulty in getting a minister out of their pulpit if lie diil not preach the truth as they held it. The Methodist Church said to its ministers 'Come with us if you hold tl^e trutln, and preach theai. If not, go s'ine- whereelse.' (Applause.) While thsy held these principles there was no fear of Pop- ry, no fear of Puseyism, no feir of Kationalism, no faar of anything contrary to the eloriou* Gospel of their blessed God. (Applause.) Let a Methodic preacher rome from England, Ireland, or Scotland, Canada, the United States, or any of the colonies to preach there, they all knew what he wuuld preach -the great truths declared to man, which they had heard many of them from childhood, and proved to be 'the power of God unto salvation.' Their little friends said some strange thing* about it. He hojH'd they would uot imagine they worshipped saints (Laughter.) He was sure thrir friends all knew that they were not erecting that house of prayer for the worship of their dear friend Draper. They glorified God in that great and good man, in his holy successful life, and in his triumphant death, and their friends had said, 'Let us present a tha-ikotfering to Uod fcr piving us such a man, for the grace that assis'ed him in the d- inland trymc hour;' and no titt-r memorial could lie raised than a house of prayer in which he could preach the Gospel and proclaim an accepted Saviour if he lived. If there 'as a man in the Australian Colonies successful in chapel building, that man was their departed friend Mr. Draper, and they were building a church to the ylory of God to be called the Draper Memorial Church. .Might God prant that in that church hundreds and thousands might be converted to God. He hoped they would all do something to cheer the heatts of the ministers aud trustee*, and help thmi to their utmost ability to build that church to the praise and glory of God. (Applause.) Mr. Colt a said he wished to acknowledge the cift of the very handsome mallet presuited to him by Mr. Bundey. The Uev. Mr. Millakd said the contract bad been taken fur £4,200 odd, towards which £!,l'5ti had been promUi'd. He had been de-fired .to name various amounts wlrch he had received lately, and he then read a li-t of contributions ainountii a iu the total to £82 15*. A collection was then made, which, with this amount aud the offerings placed on the stone.made a total of about £I^U. A verse of the Na ional Anthem was then sung, and the benediction having been pronounced by the Uev. Mr. Wilson, the proceedings terminated. KENT TOWN WJ-SLEYAN JUBILEE CHUIiCd. It having been found necessary from the want pf accommodation affordt d by the present Jubilee Chinch at Kent Town to increase the size by build ing the Uansept, and thus completing the original design of the building, the ceremony of laying the found itioii-stone of the transept took place on Monday, Octolicr 7. At the hour appointed a very large number of persons had g altered together, ar.d the proceedings having been opened with tanking and prayer, a bottle, preparatory to the stone being laid, was placed in a cavity beneath. Ii contained copies of the RegUter and Advertiser of that day's date, the minutes of the last Australasian Confe r-'nce held at Launceston, tbe last iuimbers (if the Wcdeimn Magazine anl Victorian Waleyun Chruvic'e, and the current coins of the rcaim, besides the following document:— ' The foundation-stone of the transept was laid by Mrs. T. G. WV.crhouse on the 7th diy ol October, iu the year of our Lord 18ii7, being the jUth year of the reign of Her Mo.-t Gracious Majesry Queen Vtctuna, Sir Di-iniuic!i Dalv being the Governor of the province; the Ktv. H. II. Gaud President of the Australasian Wesieyan Methodi-t Conference; the Kev. John Wats'oid being Cluiir man of the South Australian District ; JJcvs. S. vniKui auu j. x. oimpsou, .m misters oi me iniri \delaide Circuit; K. N. Gauit and W. Khodes, i rlsqrs., Circuit Stewards; Messrs. Wright and j A'oods, architects; C. Pitman, contractor; and i i Messrs. Kiugslxnough, Rhode.:, W. Clarke, Colton. ' idlney, Watsfonl, Ballantyne, Gault, Goss, l'ad nan, Sharland, and Tapley, Trusties.' i The Uev. S. Knight then re id the following j iddress to Mrs. T. G. tVaterhousc, the lady who ! iad consented to perform the ceremony :— j 'Madam -The Trustees and Committee of Kent ; Fowii Wesieyan Church, viewing tl.e earne.-t and ' .'ontiiHiotis interest that you have (in conjunction svith our esteemed Mr. W aterhouse) manifested in the progress and development of this congrega tion, deem themselves under pleasing obligation : to show some mark of their appreciation and esteem, b 'th of the private virtues aud public spirit, of which they have received many tokens. They unitedly desire you to accept the axompany- I ing trowel as a small expression of their respect ? and utlection, and pray that the rich benediction i f God may rest upon you and your household ; now and evermore.— With much respect we ar.-, j dear Aladim, yours faithfully, (aife'ucd for and oil behaif of the Committee), 'M. Ki.vgsbokougii, I 11 W. JiHODHv11 Mr. IuxcsdoroCgh then came forward and ! presented the trowel— a very handsome silver one, '? manufactured by Mr. Wctidt — to Mrs. Waterhouse. | It contained an inscription, as follows : — ' f he Kent Town Wesieyan Church, Adelaide, to our much beloved aud muniria nt friend Mrs. X. G. - Waterhouse, in commemoration of I ictober 7th. j 1867.' The recipient of the trowel then spread ' the mortar underneath the stone, which, bavins } been lowered into its place, was declared 'tibe ; duly laid in the name of the Father, Sun, and Hvly ' GIl'H.' i The Uev. J. G. Millard mounted the stone, ' and delivered an address. He said although the structure they were about to rear was to be used I for a schoolroom, yet its walls would re.d!y embrace j the principal portion of the Church it elf. Under : those lircumstauces, it secinel to him to be not j out of place in considering what would be the ? charactt-r of the building in which their minds and j hearts might be affected by suitable sentiment! j :.nd leelnus. If they thought of the important j purposes for which that structure wa-i about to hi completed, on the sacred principle of love to God and love to man, which he hoped a'ul believed had , prompted its erection, also of the ii.llacnces it was ' destined to exert upon the spirits ( f nun iu : that neighbourhood for peihaps generations to come, and at the same time ot its . niter uorthleisness unless God Almighty deigned | to sane! ion it with His smile, they must feel that 1 their present position was a very solemn one, and ; one that should excite reverential uwe, devout : earnestness, and believing prayer. The public ' sanctuary bad been an important appendage to the C uirch from tlie earliest period ( f the history of j the world. Kings had rejoiced to take part in its ' election, and God Himself had been pleased to j sanction it by His visible presence, as in the ark ! of the ancient tabernacle and in ihe sending of j lire from heaven to consume the sacrifice, us at ' the dedication cf Solomon's Teiiple. its glories I were set forth in divine »ongs; saints of all ages ! rejoiced in its courts, and it was sp.iken of as the : place of God's presence. As their great pulpit i i -rater, William Morley Punshon, faid lately, in j laying the fouinLHitin-stone of a c'iu:ch iu the ' suimros of Loudon— 'It would lie a lull in which i the loftiest sounds would be raised; a palace in i which the King of Heaven would be like to i.uld i His loun; a hospital in which the sick of u'l j moral «nd spiritual diseases would be healed by the balm of Gilead aud the Physician of souls; and i an asylum where men would be brought to their right iiiindi and placed at the feet of Jesus.' So be thought of that structure. That portion of it which had been already u-cd as a public sanctuary had been the scene of many conversions, and it was then occupied by a flourishing Church and a suc cessful ministry. He trusted that that would lie the future characteristic of tiiat building. He would say with the poet, in reference to the future— ' And when on Zion's height i he hosts of God appear, M;iy thousand thousands tcion in light Who found s.dvation here.' Then, with reference to the purpose for which it was at present intended-as a schoolroom— as a section of Christ's Church tbcv had always been anxiou-i to provide proper religious training for their own people; but as much as they rejoiced to see secular t-choolmasters abound, they had the profound conviction that no education was c.itu plete if it was not permeated with the principles of true religion. Therefore the Sunday- school was most imnoitant, where children were taught to feir the Lord, which was the beginning of wisdom. He - hoped they would all identify 'htniseK'is with the movement, and give it their liberal sympathy and support. All that the Trustees hal done was entirely disinterested on their part, and they there foie needed assistance. For himself, he heartily wbhed them success. (Applause.) A number of the Sunuay-schi*jl children then came forward and placed offerings on the stone, which, supplemented with other turns, amounted to £135. The Uev. S. Knight then gave out the Nationnl Anthem, which was sung with great Hpiru by Ihe audience and between 2J0 and 3iO children, aud the benediction having been pronounced, the ceremony concluded. A t-'ubl:c and tea meeting, at both of which the church wiis crowded, was subsequently held. The public meeting wss presided over by Mr. Long bottom, whoopencd the proceedings by a fewappro ptiateretnatk?. Mr.M. r£ingsl-orouKhtthc Treasurer, stated that they had accepted a teuder for the transept, to be completed within six month!', at £1,566. The total liabilities amounted to £2,SSS, towards which they could rely upon receiving about £1.113. Excellent adtlreises were then de livered by the Revs. A. Kicgon ''The Millennium,'' ami J. \Vatsford on 'Earnestness and it* results' and Mr. J. Colton, M.P., on 'The eflect of archi tecture on the Church.' Aa appeal was made to the congregation during the evening for contribu tions m aid of the funds, and the total amount realized, including collections on Sunday, proceeds of tea and pub.ic meeting, with the afternoon offerings, was found to lie about £220. The meet ing, which had been enlirene 1 with music by the choir, terminated after the usual votes of thanks had been passed. Two Welis Weslhtas Chapel.— On Thursday, October 3. the foundation-stone of the new Wei joyan Char1'. HedbanfeB, was laid by Mrs. T. ManueL Tl«e weather, thouch romewhat threat ening proved favourable, !»nd a large number of persons assembled to witness the ceremonv. Afte* it was. over they adjourned ta a tooth, vfeefe a sumptujus tea »as provided by the ladies. Tke Kev. R. C. Fiockart lertured oe 'Luther &nd; the Befotma'iou.' A. subscription ran then made and liberally responded to, tbe otnl, including cash* promises, and value in land md labour. Ac, amounting to £146 Iff. 01. Anes of thanks to the lecturer, the Chairman Mr. Christopher Tembj), and the ladies closed a iery pleasant aud Koctal evening. Wbsletah Chafei, Sasderqrovr.— Services n connection with laying the foundation-stone -f a Wesieyan Chapel at ^audergrove were con lucted on Sunday, Sept. £9. wheu the Kev. M. Wilson preached in the schoolhouse morning and ivenin?. The congregations were large, althouuh the feather was exceedingly lioisterous Uri Monday, at i p.m., tliefoundation-stone was laid by Mrs. George Fucker amid a larse cmcourae of people, com prising almost all ihe residents of the pleasant and picturesque neighbourhood of Sandergiove. an well m severa friends from a distance. A public tea was held at 5 o'clock. In the evening the Iiev. M. Wilson drlivered a lecture on ' The Tonga Islands, their inhabitants and articles of manufacture,' of which several were exhibited. Mr. K. Snnter oc cupied the chair. At the conclusion of the lecture several addresses were delivered appropriate to tha occasion. A collection was made at thii as well as at tbe other ser.-ices towards the new place of worship, which it is supposed will cost about £3 41. At the above services the handsome sum of £218 7-*. 10il. was raised. Mr. Tucker contributing the prnecly ilonati n of £150. Wesley ah ordination1 Sfhvices. — Divine sen ices were held ut the Wesieyan Clmpel, Archer meet, North Adelaide, on Friday evening. October 18, on the occasion i-f the ordination of Messrs. J. S, Grter and {), S. Wyly as ministers of the Wesieyan persuasion. There was a lari-'e atten dance, arnl the Uev. J. Wiits- ford presided. After sinking :md priver the aspirants for the sacred otiicn were called upon to recount publicly the circumstances which led to their taking that step by meaiH i-f which they became identified with the Chuic\ an-1 to witness winch the public gatherum had taken place. that night. The ICev. S. Knuht then rea I p usages of Scripture appropriate to the occasion. The l!cr. .1. G. Millird delivered nn address t) lmtli of the candidates for the holy otlice, conveying advice and instruction on points conne.'tcd wnh the sacred duties which they wore about assume. The necessity of patient perseverance and devotcdness in the cause in which they were about to labour was pointed out. They wen1 ?thown that it was indispensable to lesizn all worldly considerations, and ilevoto t'letuselves entirely to the proper accomplishment of the dutiesof their sacrtd olli.-f, so that they might be holy examples and pattern* for those' who would follow in tiieir lootsieps. The ('hainnan then put the customary formulary of questions, which were satisfactorily aiiswircd by both gentlemen. At the close nf ihis ceremonial the Chairman delivered a shoit address, calling at the clo-e upon the con gregation t ? engage in silent devotion on In-half of the young ministers. An impressive pr.iver by the Chairman followed, after which he pcrfornud the linal act of or. 1, nation by pronouncing the charge empowering them to ' preach the Gospel.' Afler prayer hail been oli'ercd \j tlie Ktv. J. (.}. Millard and the Chairman, the Sacrament was administered to the llev. Messrs. lireer and Wyly, by which they were admitted to the pastorate communion. After a hymn, the Chuiruran ascended the pulpit, and delivered a ..-barge of advice and imi couripemcnt to both gentlemen, basing his address upon the 1st Corinthians, !Uh chup., uud the latter part of the 22nd verse—'! a:n made all tilings in all men that 1 might by all mean1; save tome.' He remarked that l'aul's work described in the text ! was similar to that which they wire called upon to fulfil. He quoted John Angeil Jiime--, Utxter, and Wesley iu explanation of the cousy which young ministers wire constrained to pursue. Their object was simply to &ave; souls, and to effect this they were called upon to adopt all means likely to | produce the desired cnJ. He earnestly impressed ; upon I hem the fact that this was the Kile work, 1 and called their attention tothe abundance of scope j which was afforded them for active exeition in the i good work. This work was the greatest and moat j important upon which they could be enured. If ? they weie to taye a family or an individual from , temporal death it would be a great woik, but i it was uot comparable to the saving of souls. I They were called upon to administer the litts of icligion; and, as richt means properly u*ed must succeed, ihey could not fail to reap their reward if they acted sincerely. They couM n it perform their religious a\d public duties with the need.ul result without eutiie consecration to (Jod. He i advised them to ;-reSL'ive their conlidence with j God, aud to pre«s onward in the service yt the : Gospel. They were to aim at the salvation of . souls by prcachin;/. and to do ibis tbi-y should be i Mam, so as ti be understood by all. Let there be earnestness in their seimons, and it would I lead to the minds of tiieir hearers l-eing impressed. | He exhortel them that in every turmoil there I should bs brevity and directness-, und if these ? qualities were cultivated good results must j lollow. While sonic truth* weie hiuhly impor ; taut, there were oihers which were peculiarly ' adapted to converting souk They should look ! for results in connection with every service. Ik asked 1 hem to remember wh:i*. a terrible punish ment would wait upon nuglect of the woik of saving souis. The loss of any spiritual lives would I be visited upon them. The proceeding-', which i weie charactei i/ed throughout by great solemnity, ! closed with finding and prayer. NORTH ADELAIDE CONGREGATIONAL CHUKCH. On Sundi)-, September 2it, after the morning service, tne monthly communion was held for the 'ir t time nn thi last Sunday in the month. This uciiiR the last coinimuiitm service pievioiH to tbe ieparture of .Mr. Jctfcris, there was a large atten dance of members, and also of members uf other :hur..'his. During the ser/ice ihe pastor referred in feeling term* to his intended visit to Europe. He stated that during their eight years' existence n a Church scarcely a single instance of animosity »r ill-feeling had occurred between himself ami any of the member.*, but that that period had been marked by nothing but lore, sympathy, and confi dence. He looked forward to his temporary sepa ration from them as one of his greatest hoi rows, and stated thnt owing to the vicissitudes and changes of life it was possible they might nvver again meet on earth; and as a last patting word he cmld only entreat them to cling close to that Saviour he had through much wi- akuess, and it might be with error, endeavoured to set before them, and that by so do in:,' they could enjoy the assurance of meeting again in another and belter world. He added that the Kev. Mr. I'lielps, late of Tium, would occupy the pulpit for live or six Sundays, and that the ministers in and around Adelaide had most cordially agreed to supply Ins place during his absence. In the evening thu rev. gentleman preached his farewell discourse before a crowded audience. The text was 1 Corinthians, chup. iii., vene 11— 'For other foundation can no nnn lay ttian that h laid, wirch k Christ Jesus.'1 He spoke of the earnest endeavour he had made during the eight years of Im uuiiistiy to set forth Christ boldly and fully as tha o ily basis of true religion, the only foundation of that Biiperstriutuieof a life of godliness which was commenced on earth, to be perfected iu heaven. He considcied all other grounds of trust as delusive and false, and pointed out that tlie Saviour was revealed as a divine person who had undertakes their deliverance, mid as a glorious being the object of their filth- a faith which must by proved by obt'ilicncu. Cnristiauity, he remarked, is a life aud a spirit. It is not concluded in the creeds- the most correct crc-.ds that Council ever drew, that Church ever believed. Y--u must understand Christ, you must cinprthend His character, ami you mu4 breathe His spirit. His life. His death. His resurrection, must work daily iu you, being made manifest in your obedience. You must be crucified with Chi ist: you must rise with Him into newne-sH of life. And if the great change has been wroug.'it iu you, then all is well. Come whit may, beie or hereafter, all is well. You are standing upon a ri'ck'.ym aie built upon the true foundation. Cleave firmly to the Gospel. Let no man rob you'f youriiiheriiauce. In the iniue of Jesus Christ 1 bid you farewell. Be strong iu the Loid and in the power of his migh*. lie pcifect, be of good comfort, lie of - lie mind, live in peace, and the -!od of love ami of peice Khali be with yen. Fina'ly bn thren, farewell.' The rev. gentleman spoke with great earnestness and fervour, and the deepest attention wa, paid throughout the service. The mcmbeis of the church nnd congregation u'ukr the p;istorate of ihe J:ev. James Jtlleiis. LLU. met in the i-choilroom under the Munh Adelaide Congregational Church on Monday evening, September :-'/, at a so ial farewell tea meeting, to take leave of their pastor prior to his denture for England. The spu-ious bchoolroinn, winch uan tilled to oveifluwiug, was decorated iu a tasteful manner, and Itehind ti c platform wan placed in illuminated letters, lit ui witli gas, the mono 'liod biieed.' Tea being conclud u, and a short interval allowed for social intercourse with their ctiteeiued paslurand bis lady, a hhurt meeting was held— .he ll-iii. Captaiu Hagot in the chair. He appropriate y explained l\w. object of the meeting, which he said was io a.Iopt a resolution expressive of their deep regit-t nt the depirture of their well beloved pa«tor, and the r liest wishes for hit success in his uiuleitaku.g, retaining the hope that he mig'it come a:uong~t them again with renewed health aud energy to inir-ue the aidmnn duti'j* wlvch he had so faithfully di-charged amongst them for the last e'uht ye-tia. Air. H. A. Takltum »aid— The expiession of feel ing ibis evening has taken thi form of a roolu t i' in. whic'.i 1 have now the happineus of presenting to the matting, namely:— ' 1 his meeting, winle rf juicing in every event of Providence nhich i« bkeiy to contribute to tbe comfort of their esteemed friend and pastor, the J.'cv. James Jt-fleris, desires with sitxerc ret ret to bid him and hu family au affectionate farewell on the oiva'-ion of their deparmre to hntiiainl, avails Until of thi -i i pjjort unity of impressing in high iippreciation 1 1 his past faithful and efficient l-ibuiirs, and woul.l now commend him and his family io the Lee ping and care of the Most Hitth, und pray ilia: the season of test may prove itn un mixed li'e^nig nud joy to them, and trusts that l)ivu:e l'ruu lence may see fit to restore him aud his family ere long to his Hock, to spend the leinainderof hU days amid proofs of the Divine favour even richer than those so hugely granted to him in the past.' Now, Sir. my words I think will bs few, because the resolution which 1 have read much more appropiiately and exactly conveys my feelit'cs than any ililured remarks that 1 may have to make can do Besides, Hit, 1 am mentally so constitute I tiiat anything Kke au elaborate speech on an occa sion like the present, even if I were capable of it, wuuld produce such profound (lifsatikfaetion in my own mind that I must bid farewell to rest for the coming ni/ht, therefore I shall not attempt it. What few wonlu I may utter will ju«t lie the spontaneous Hitimrst of the emotion which now tills my heart ami mi ml. We are here to rejoice at we'l a3 to be sorry. To me, and to all present, it is an occasion of joy that J'.ovidence has allotted an event in the history of our pastor which we lirmly believe will contribute to bis comfort and largely contribute to his usefulnim So far we are heartily prepared tu rejoice with him. Jiut ai thi* event leads to hi* departure from us, we are her* unfe:j:nedly to sorrow. We sorrow not sa those that arc without hope; we sorrow net aa those ancient disciples when they fell upon the neck of M. Paul, and wept most or all because they knew they would sec Ins face no wore. I for one thall bid farewell to Mr. Jefferis to-morrow, with the confident expee'ation that if h'u life and health be preserved it will yet prove the will of God (hat he shall come again to w, and Us comic g again as compared with his departure, £ir, will be like a resurrection, and the welcome that he will get. (Loud cnee/a.) We have this evening. Hi', to express our love and our appreciation of hi* sertices. (Hear.) We are surrounded by the emblems nf your feeling. 1 here are flowers, there are branches there are flag«. Will, Sir. il I cnuld give you a bouquet that would express the feeling* of this sieeting it should consist of the rose of love, the forget-me-not of rerueiubranre. and entwined around ebout it there should be a litlc of the weeping willow. (Hear and apn'ause. Now. Sir, we -Io motl heatilv rwnmeod our pastor and his family Io the caie and to thi keeping of the Most High, Most m«K *t¢ Uujufht is thia that we «e not orphans, it, many of in hare wept over the dormrtore of ur fathers after the flesh, ftnine of or hare for ears felt that thouah we could tee Him not, yet re have a Father in Henvrn, whom) omnipotent lower is only exceeded by 1 1 is omnipotent love, ma therefore we enn entiuut our pallor nnd hii umily most confidingly to 1 1 in keeping with a msitij-e conviction that if He were to wo fit to five them a watery grave it win only His appoint iia to make it an easier path to oteru il nlorv; and f He sera nt that they should tarry here ii little ong'-r, it in- only that their li'e ami their time mould be given in i tho servu c of love li Himself ind Iih Ciiurch. We are htr ?, sir, in the words of ;hi» resolution, to pray thai the u-st which appears :o stretch liefore him may i rove an unmixed Idessiiig and joy to himself and bis family. lJer hai-8 from my past ,x ht'iiuci- 1 am better jiiahhed limn any other p-^oi in ii,in r.hun to point out the necessity tl.ere is fur b.i'.h mental mid spiritual rest t» th.' tru.; niin »ter of till) Gospel who has lab ured in m.e iii.m- fo- oiaht vears. (Hear, hear.) Some of you think it in au easy thing to preach a «enni;i. It is un easy thing to chattei-U laugh) -but i' n :i veiy b;ird thing to speak to the spirits of men. .Soinct;iiies a sentence which is thrown out, in ;u inanv Reconds costs as m tny hours to prep.ve. And why I Not bcTHUnc the uiiiiiKt'jr is deeply anxi.'tis in to theefltvtof the sentence; but bee nine I e looks nt it until he thinks the weapon is weldtd to the exact Ktatc to go to the heart of ihe audience, and carry that conviction of reding ihai (.''en to hii own mind. Anilinco, Sir, he bus soneiiines to speak to his pcoplo ivheii, fr.-in luinily cinnim stanecsorthe utau- ?,( hU lieallh, be \a perfectly unliiti-il t4 the task. He bm to prepare him self bj rising to tho I'lsoi.b hriuht of inayer, and seek from Cod inori of ibo.w f |iirtiiial influences which annihilate thosi jihyMCid in iiriiutie.s which remlered it uhno.t iinpos silile for him to tsprak to tin* people, and thus through so much desire and tiilmlution ke briiu-n us the messiiKe which »??? -o lightly hear nnd »-- readily forget. 1 hope, tl rrefote, aii I pray thut this rest will be an iininixed lile-sing to liimself. I have faith now th a he Ivis lived ling unoiigh not to be inlluenced by any bauble of popularity which God bus liiven him 1 1 tichieu'. When hegoi'Hiivcr therein1 »viir listen to young nieii, to ini.ldlc-iiKed men, and hoary-headed menu! wisdom -ni | uhility, and with bis ixjcllcnt juduuiviit he will be able io catch (run them knowledge a:i I trains of though which will etublu him wliuu he conies luu-k Io bu even more ellective in h'n pie.n hing, And I hnpi!, 1 pray, that his menial /m-ullics .-md bis Rpinluul powers may be iiwako to these udlienci', ho (hut, like a thousand leutaculiirs, he in:iy alLich him self tothetiuh, und inav b.- enabled to leed his Hock when he. conu-s bark in ihe fnlin'm of ilio blessings of the Gospel of Ciui-t. AhI we pray, Sir, not the least, althniuh last, ilmt if lie lie per* niilti'il toci'iuenuioai'st iisiiu.ini, li-'iiinvciiiuewilh richer proofs of ihe I'iviue power ih in ho Ims ever enjoyed in th-! pa.t. Men nnd brethren, life in very uncertain. When tny frien 1 eame to me iihuut eight vtars a.'o he fieqiieittly met in my room ll few familiar friends; for I hive not hud ninny friends -1 have not been n man uf MH-iety. J'lijrht of us usi'd freimentl.v to meet. Kour out of v\n eik'bt have been lakm to their rest; and who mnong us can expect that this assembly, as it n i,v meets, will live to congratulate our pastor upon his return to our milsU If it he tli- mil of Cod, Sr, I most humbly hope that llmt may In- your joy, for the Ion, er you live ihe inora I tnis't that your grey Iriir-i may be im!o;y tuvou. And if it were thn will of God, my prayer for every one pn H'iit would be -and yet it would he a iniracli- of uierev-tliat we a'l might meet to welcome him lui'k, und ivilh heart ami voice rejoice on hU return In our midst; but it is more than ne dare hope. Hut it matters not, Sir; 1 have often said to mv!-e!f iu tho words i f litiua-, us I hive duven to tinvu iu thu morning:— 'IJeyond the nreting mill the parting I shall be so m ; Love, reiil, und h nn ?. svrt't hope, I-iord, lurry not, but eonii1,' And if we are not here, Sir, n,y prayer it that wo may he (here mind (he love mid tlie nst mid Ihu blessing of thn rverla-litig lionn', (l.oii.l a|i;ihi\ne.) Mr. \V. lJuuci:, iu a fueling mid iutiiiciitmg address, seconded the re-o!uti m. id'iidm,: tu lilt) ennneciioti ih it hid sulni-ued lnHrct-n Mr. Jetltris and hi* ('lunch, which he tepiewutcd n» beitm his first love, inasmuch as the village iu Ynik-hirc where be hud hibouted for n tthnrt while could t-careeh' be leniiiil such. II j also ex pressed h:n belief lh.it their p.islor would mil lail to return to tln'in, anl In; w. Icniiiril by a lliniiMaud ill phice of king biddai farewell to i'-y (1 m) or 700. (Cheers.) The resolution was eatrie 1 with ucc!am ition. Thi* l!ev. J. JKvniiiH. who on risii-n wim re reived with prolonged ,ip;l mse, said iM\ (Jiri^tian Frit nils- 1 hardlv kmnv what to say or how to hiiv it in answer to the stroiu expriNKion of vmir f el in^'s und of your ove that ba- lieen ma le io night, [have been making vain ell'i Ih - 1 i t i i n y Ihcptwt few mintitert to rolieeL inv iln.ii;:lits, nnd to mnr- shiil them, iu order that ivhru niy tune cimo for Riiying a few words of farewell toj-ou I iuii;hU|iettlc distinctly to the purpose; but so iiitidi of ffcling aud of euiotio i Ims «? nnc Kit'giii'i un over my soul that I have found it itltouethet iui; os-ible, mi n.i'v inai I inn nel.ire you I Kio t n-it wtvii to i iy or how to express my lenlni^''. Hut Ntill I nmy |.iy I thank you from the veiy d p:hs ot my hiiiiI 'or tlii-* the highest expression of yiur love and .-oulidcnee I have ba-l mi ice 1 have been iinungtit you uh :i piKlor. Kighl years is :Ot a great i.ortion of a liiriiiue if it bo curlhcnctl to the threescore and ten, but eight fears is a greut |i -:tion of a iniiiisler'H e ireur, In _? i y 1 1 1 years lunv niicli can be diine ami wlia'. a vast ileal can be left undone! I came tu you eight year* airn in weakliest and ia fear and much trembling, driven out from (he uuho.sptiiMe eliiuo of the old country Itccausc of weikucs.H I duruii not entrust to the winters of Kug'aud. Hrokeii down in hupe-for I had lieeu rudely Revered from my people, amongHt whom 1 bud on'v just begun to minister, not even allowed to bid them farewell —1 felt that my career hul been suddenly stoppud in the very outset, and that very iLuk and very trying days were betore me. Hut I mm sad from England fully resolved that if Goil wont I givo me opportunities 1 would use the pikers He had given inr for Him und to 1 1 is ser vice: und before I entered the ministry, whilo 1 wai yet a student, 1 mad) u compact with the partner of my life, iu th' early years of my ministry, that if Go.l would give in food Io e.it mid do' lies to weir we would never fo.silui thu niinintry -(ii|i|il.i:Mf) -ftnil it win with snncwlmt of these feeling that 1 -:uuie to thii to udry. very much depressed and diahearteneil, wl.eu 1 nur veyed the IV;!d;fora!:hoivh Mr. l.rueo Ii:k called the place where I uiiiiMeiuil i:i l)n/,v\ I a York Mitre \iilagc, it was an large aa North Adcl.iHd itself, ami with this dillurcricc, Hint r,:y t'lnrch tliero was the only church. Theic wa- m t ano'.lier within the entire circuit of it; uml when I came to 'otlii Adelaide I found Heveu tlrirclics within the same pipuUti m already actively nt woik, and I uss-ure you that my t-pi-iu mmlr. within me when I thought of what I bad to do. Uit t 1 felt as 1 have always f-! t-that a mitrisry of a much smaller number of hoiiIh in a yoiuit; country |!iku tltl; curries with it thu pus* sil ility of achieving a far greater work than a minister with a fir lurver number iu the old country; for now we are laying the foundations of society, the morality of ihe future, and Ihe lebgiou of it. And the lung vcara that are yet tocmiu will bear th-: iiiipres.s f our character au 1 our life. These were my thoughts, ami God baa enabled ino to minimi r to a people 'aiger in mi uber than 1 coulil have expected to ever have ill the old country. 1 think there is KoiiiMtliiug iu my (cm pemmeut and rhuracer espi-eia'ly fitie-j for u new country. (A;ioliu.te.) I reiiii'tnhcrii friend, tidiar friend of mine, ju London -Chaili.8 Mudie, Ihe great world known li'ir.iri.n. of London — s:i- ing tome while I was yet a stu 'rut. I niogi not n main in the South of Knclaml, fi.r my views were too broad and too liberal, and that 1 needed to w to tlie breeqr North, as he called it. At all events I have gliircR always to keep p aee in my thinking mid my views with the new spirit that iscvcriiw-ikeiiing nmongut the sons --f men, mid it is to this 1 iiscribc my suec'CH'1, if I miy venture in tine hucIi a word- it is a word I don't like -iimong't ibe v- nvit men to whom I have ministered With them my sym pathies have l cen very strong, mid they wiil be if God hilj« me. The f/riTiinesH cf my youthful feeling, ut all events, shall ntver mush aw.n oven if ilespaieH me t-i wear a hoary liend in yeitrn to couifi. (App'iuisc) I ilu thank you, nil dear friends, fiT the a very kind and touching proof d that you have given me upon many occawi nis-pioofn of your love ii'id your synipaihy for me. You have borne with me in a good deal of weakness, nnd you Imve pakfted over for the most psirt silently mid 1 believe forgivingly n great (Irnlof failure ill duty, 1 have not done what I ought to have done iwnpaktor as »ell aa a minister. Purtly it may be ascribed to the stat ?- of my health, for in thu curly year* I spent in the colony I w.is unhealthy, tumble- Ut devote my energies to pastoral work, nnd still there is u coot) deal of ih it wok that h is been midone, mid 1 look W«ck veiy regretfully upon opportunities now past and that cannot be recalled; but if God brim's m« back ainon/st you ngaiu it vhall be my earnest dt'sire, as it in my priyer, that this par' of my duty may be better fiiUillml than ever. You have said a good deal to nigh'.-those addressing y hi have about Ihe probabilities of my returning. I think nil who km* me are able to tru-t me on thia. I promise you to-night, fo far as God may give me clrurncn. of judgment ni well m truth of feeling, I will never go before Cod's finger, but always afler it. (Applause.) Ho far as inclination leads me it will be to leturu, for it lin» been well said to-nigh*, that I ci'i never have the same feel ing in ministering to a people us 1 have bad ainonpKt you. The people in Yorkshire to when 1 ministered, although 1 loved them very i-incen 1-- it was only tlie love of n few weeks' protrtli, f-r 1 had oii'y l«cn amonu-t them fo ir months when I w«w driven away. I hardly knew my people in I have known ?ou. Some of you 1 hnve known for years. Souiu of vmi have vr-iwri up from youth it^to young mrn, and from uiaiiicns into wives und mothem. I have been with you nt the inoMt sacrrd encngements of your lives. 1 have Sat by tbe deatb-lKjils of your relatives and friends, and if I leave y.ni I am pure 1 Hhiill leave n nieinoiy behind me of ac« that have lwcn done like these. I do pray God that Mr won't ciiparotc inn from you ; for of this 1 am absolutely certain. I shall nc cr be as hippy niuonpHt (mother people ni I have lx»en nmongst you. Brethren, hear me upon your hearts while I oiu awny. Cleave to tho cl.urch: don t forsake it. I don't a»k you ulwiiy* to l« prcdcut at its services. I have ntver asked you always to be present nt the services Hint have iKwn cirried on while I havo been your minister and havo k'en nraongst you; but I do liescecli you not to wander nwuy from it, and never to tarry away loim. Alwnys return, nnd H your dclglit to worship God be the deheht of worshipping Him here. And now 1 must say farewell, or mt'ier let mo mn that pooi! old Hnxon word '(innd-hy'— God Io with you. Mar H*j be with you when 1 nm far away upon the ocean, nnd when I have reached the mother-land may He b: with you under nil circumstances of vour lives, in your joys nnd in vour sorrows; and if He should allot you b foro I icturn to be lying on your death \wiU, nmy He be with you then; for it is almost n cer tainty that some of you nhem I address now will nee my face no more In Ihe flesh. It might be spoken of ns nn nlnolutfl certaintx, calculating lite probabilities of human life, and weing how many have depurtcd within th« lout 12 months in my church. 1 wan with you seven years, and in the eighth year more dictl from amongst my people than ever died during the whole previous seven; and what might it be in the year that is coming? But I do pray that those prmjinlrij that I hnvp endenvoiued. however feebly, to teach you from the pulpit »bore-those principle* based upon the everlrsting Gospel, which alone can brighten our life In its greatest sorrow and IU deepest darkness-may be with you. even to life ? extremity, and that not ona of us tlmt bav* assembleii to-day in thia sanctuary upon earth mar be wtntiwf at last when we meet, u I none we all shall meet, in the sanctuary in Heaven. Uf ptoplt, tny vaU-betoved. I bid you farewell. [Cottimitd on Pog» 6.] 