EXTRAORDINARY DISCLOSURES '/' [\ * :, BY Ai GIRL.! ' ? '?? One of tho most remarkable instances of physical endurance on the part of a cb/ld, which has perhaps ever been disclosed, was brought under the notico of Mr Sturt, at the City Police Conrt, yesterday. A gentleman, named Mr Stanner Stont, mado an application to the magistrates regarding a little girl who accom panied him. Ho stated that, on tne previous evening, he was attending service at St. James's Church,' when the giri entered liis pew. During, the prayer the girl knelt down and commenced crying. Ho asked her what was the matter, and she stated she had no home and was without friends. On ques tioning her further sho told him that she had been deserted by her father at Dayles ford, and that sho had afterwards walked all the way to Melbourne. Mr Stout bronght the matter under tho notice of tho Rev. Mr Becher, and they procured a bed for her for »he night. Ho now asked Mr Stnrt whether the girl could not bo sent to the Industrial Schools. Tho girl, who stated that her name was Annie Little, was placed upon ft (chair to enable Mr Stuit to question her. Sho appeared a cleanly child, and had an intelligent face. She was dressed ?n ft r'ed merno frock, and wore a straw hat. Her hair was done up in a net, but on removing her hat it was seen that the hair had been cnt quite close to the head, and this she afterwards explained had been done by her father. Mr Sturt carefully ques tioned her, and as her statement was of snch nn extraordinary character, ho several times cautioned her, but sho per sisted that sho was speaking the troth, and rigidly adhered to hor narrative. She stated that her father had lived near Daylesford before ho deserted her. They oc cupied a tent made of stufflike her capo. (Tlie cape was made of coarse calico.) It took about a day to go from the tent to Daylesford and back. Her father mado brooms, but when ho got any money ho spent it in drink. No ono lived near them but a woman namod Brownsori. Her mother was dead. Tho mother had died before her father doserted her. One day her father was drunk and he struck her mother on the head with a stick. Her mother told her and her sister, that if she died their father had been the cause of it. Her mother died the next day, and her father bulled her iu a box near the tent. Dogs came to tho spot in the night and sho nsed to havo to beat them off with a stick. Her father afterwards toek up the box and buried her mother in another place. She did not know where. A long time after this her sister also died. Her father used to go to Mrs Brownson and get money, and come home drunk. One day when ho was drunk bo cut a1', her hair off. After that he left her and sho came to Melbourne. Sho had been iu Melbourne a fortnight, but could not say how long a fortnight was. Sho followed the wires (supposed to be the telegraph wires) until sho came to Melbourne. Some people had given her bread and somo had given her money. One woman washed her frock and apron. Since she came to Melbourne she had slept in tho cometery. S?r Stuit : 'In the cemetery ; why wero you not frightened of ghosts ?' Witness : ' I never heard of them things.' She continued to say that sho had left the Cemetery because tho men threatened to send her to prison if she came there again. Sho afterwards slept in ' the Exhibition.' Somo one told her it was tho Exhibition. She went in tho church to bo eut of the rain. Since her father left her she had nover seen him and did not know where ho had goue. She saw him strike her mother with the stick. Thero were lots of trees where they lived. She was cer tain it was near Daylesford. After cross-questioning her for some time, and failing to shako her statement in any res pect, Mr Sturt said he would send her to the Immigrants' Home for tho present, where she would bo cleaned and cared for, until he had would pay for any clothes sho required, and see that sho was well treated. The girl thauked Mr Sturt, and expressed her willingness to do any work if sho could get it to do. She was afterwards sent to tho Home, and will re main thero until the police havo 'had time to inquire into the truth of her disclosures. Ex traordinary as it may appear, sho spoke with such, apparent truth that it is hard to think that one so young could havo invented the whole affair. If it should prove truo in tho main points, who can tell but that another horrible and hitherto hidden crime vt \\\l be brought to light 1 Daylesford is om;'iently noted for simi lar mysteries. 