[?] [?] [?] [?] I Had I needed proof r 'dreadfuj had Jaken place^the ai^lanclialy wlho was fee Icaoae come, I had ' th« greatest ^ifficultj in gettiij^^nto the tentj far tbQ old iaUow Hei®' ^9^a4 & ^d; always t&sti-; Ified sluSj joy iiiy most pncouth antics, the case :was different, lie uttered no bark of [M^»e sat half in and sliidrdut^ 'bjt the ^nt, every now landt then ^looking in -with a iQOurntulness of «ount« nacce that was almost reproachful. The ?oor dog- had heep neglected during tbe ast week, and now lus'sad lobks seemed to say, as plainly as words could speak, 'Come in and see the end of it' ,My heart fairly misgave me, and I would have given worlds to turn back and avoid the j ghastly object which I -knew lay awaiting I me in. tbe tent. There was, however, nothing for it but to go in; and pushing by the old dog, who followed me as far as his chain would allow, I went up to the bed, and if I was prepared for a dreadful sight, that wijich thefl . met ..my eye* was far more horrid than anything I bad anti cipated. The man was not dead, but lay on his back, his head in a pool of blood. his glassy eyes intently fixed on me as I entered, blood and froth bubbling up be tween the lips of his half-opened mouth, as with both handshe convulsively clutched the opossum rug which covered my bed. STis foieh$ad appeared to be literally split open, and at the first glance, it seemed as if I could see right into his head. I raised him . a little, and taking off my neckcloth ; bound it on the crown, and tied it under tbe chin, for.it really appeared to me as if the top of Ms head would come off. He ! uttered not a sound, not even a groan; aud were it not that his eyes and lips seemed to move a little, and the blood came from his mouth at regular intervals of respiration, I should have fancied him dead. I could do nothing. $J one, so galloped back to the hut, to send one of the party for the nearest doctor, and then returned to tbe tent to keep solitary watch over the dying man. j It was one of those lovely evenings so I peculiar to the Australian spring j the sun was sinking fast, and his evening rays, as they shot into that solitary tent, fell full; upon eyes that never would behold their light again. The air was laden with the f»eriume of the gum blossoms ; flocks of ittle green paroquets were gaily chirping in every tree ; the rosellas dashed by me in all their wild freedom, -and the forest] re-echoed to their glad screams of joy. I All seemed happy on that sad evening, j save man. I -found poor Jack stupified, still sitting ' on the bench where I had left him. We questioned him as to the cause of the ' accident: it was this. He and George had agreed to^ race home from the beach; they had almost reached the lent, when George's horse swerving, carried him under a honeysuckle, a branch of which stuck him on the forehead and dashed him from his horse. He never spoke again. His comrade picked him np and laid him insensible on the bed. This was the whole j of the sad story. j As I neared the tent on my return, the ; long dismal howl of the old bulldog struck mournfully on my ear, I loosed him from his chain-— he crept into the tent and laid himself down by the. dying man's bed (they had always been friends), and he never ceased his watch till the corpse was carried out. Poor George ^was just as I had left him; he neither moved nor uttered a groan. His e\ es were still wide open, and though apparently fixed on vacancy, seemed to follow me about the tent wherever I moved. This might have been fancy, but certainly he dfd not ap pear to be sensible. I dared not move him, for I thought perhaps that might hasten death. I poured some cold tea into his mouth, but he could not swallow it, sCnd, save for a faint gurgling in his throat, I could hardly tell whether he was dead or alive. X sat down upon a box at the foot of the bed, and though I tried to keep my eyes off that ghastly countenance it. was in, vain — there seemed some, strange | fascination in those, staring eyes and blood stained cheeks. If ever did time seem so long as when I sat by that death-bed waiting for the doctor ; none of my mates came home; and I really thought that dreadful evening would never end. At length up galloped the doctor, a regular colonial one — ' short, sharp, and decisive' no time to waste in useless words. He gave one quick glance at the poor fellow, felt his pulse, pulled his head about a little, and then, turning to me, said in one rapid sentence, ' My word, it's a bad job; I hope you chaps won't get into any mess about it. - How; did it happen? well no You see I can. do no good here — can't find a new head for him. He'll die i* a few hours; and unless you wish him to die in your bunk, you'd better get him out of | the tent as soon as possible;' and, springs i ing cm. his horse, ie galloped off as sud- i denly as he had come. He told me,, how ever, before leaving, that the poor fellow would lie perfectly quiet , till death was at hand, when he would struggle and want water, which would be a: sure sign that he J^ n^ waasy minutes to Mve-. ! tetter $ ha&ttfL;: about tjma- . in the morning, never having ] uttered a' word since the accident^ and in his last moments appeared te suffer dread ful agony. ^ ? . * . c Mj iMHtte; latein the »rm iogt so that I was not alone whep he died ; and next dayh,wfe got a bullock-dray and .carried .thsJiody jntaJhe woolshed, .where we ls£d itl^ trestles till a coffin could be made. Of course this .sad event throw 8 damper over all, for poor George wa» a !%| di|y- wd as the woolshed was fall of cart was biredf to convey ^ to WilHapis jfeown for'burial, andabout balf-a-doeeuof |hTfT-fni?nas' t,|(-ti6]TOd!''bn ' horseback, ^sictt 'c^bba^tre^ It tH- '^wi%ent rein&rks; as the body was rimed into the cart. The Bailors, of «ourse, monopolised «jSid- on end,?^ *f 0ant him a little over/' would have sounded ^ strangely in t3ie ears of a professional undertaker. : I did not go to the funeral, for l co'uld not get a horse. Moreover, I wanted to put the tent a little ^tp'rights,; and as 6oon as l hadfghut the paddock-gates after the mournful procession, I wended my way slowly back to the tent, accoinpained .by the two sailors. The first thing I did was te cut the blood-stained branch off the j honeysuckle which caused his death ; and I have it' now, a memento of the sad event. Death is a solemn subject at all times, and his presence is felt equally in the palace as in the cottage ; but never more deeply than When he invades a small circle of men who are in a manner isolated from the rest of the world, and whose sole dependence is upon each other^ The bushman has in general few friends, but these few are bound to him by far stronger ties than the word friendship generally conveys ; and when one of the party is snatched away, his form is missed at every turn. In the bush, at the camp fire, in my wanderings over the lonely' i swamp, the dead man had often been my only companion; andhis cheery laugh still seemed to ring in my ears; and 'where was he now ? No ; a man must seek the soli tude of a bush tent to know the real meaning of the word '.mate. Night fell,- and none of the funeral p!»rty had returned, and about eleven, tired of watching, I threw myself in my clothes down upon the bod .which had so lately been occupied by a corpse. At daybreak a man from the hut, wbo was ! coming to fetch wood out of the paddock. | called at the tent, and told me that a] horse and dray were standing at the pad- ] dock fence. I went to fetch tbem hoar e, i and found three horses with empty sad- ? dies behind the dray. As -soon as break- j fast was ready, the first of the mourners ; appeared. He had lost his horse on the ; plains, Mid had come home on foot ; he could not tell where he had lost his mates ; he knew that they left Williams- } town together, and that - is all he recol lected. His description of the funeral was j graphic in the extreme. 1 i They reached the churchyard in good order, and had to wait nearly an hour for the clergyman; the man who officiated as clerk was in such a state of inebriation that he could scarcely read the responses, and the only spectators were a few diggers, * who were walking off the previous night's excesses, and had wandered into the churchyard as they lecognised a friend in one of the mourners. However, u ashes to ashes ' closed the sad service, and poor George, hurried from a scene of boister ous excitement, was left aquietly in that bleak-looking churchyard, many thou sands miles away from his native village. Little did bis friends at home, who had waited so long u with the sickening anxiety of hope deferred,' for tidings of the absentee, think that the autnmnal sun of the 6th November was shining on his new-made grave. As soon as die funeral was over, his friends mounted their horses to return home. It was a sore trial to pass by ' Old Jennings's without just calling in for a -f nobbier,' and to talk over the dead man ; but they made up their minds for once to leave the town respectably. And so they would have done, if they had not been obliged to pass the house of the subtlest of all tempters, one Paddy Connor. This old fellow was a kind of eattle-dealer, a personal friend *-f the deceased, and was, as he said, ' far too much affected at his death to be present at the funeral.' This did not, j however, prevent him watching for the funeral procession as it passed his house on the road home, and he stopped them* i{ just to inquire whether they had given poor George a daeent burial.' The old man was not a bad sort, although a rough one ; and as he stood upon his door-step, | he proposed that the whole party ' should ] shed ono tear to the memory of the poor deceased.' He had but one idea of , mourning for a departed friend ; and a bottle of rum was brought fcut: The tear having been shed, the old man solemnly j observed, t{ Poor George ! he was such a good sort, don't you think we ought to died just one tear more?0 A table was ; accordingly laid out in the road (his was a lone house just on the edge of the plains), a gallon of rum was put on it, the horses were tied to the garden rails, and the whole party dismounted to mourn for the dead man after the old Irishman's peculiar fashion How long the carouse lasted, I suppose no one can tell ; but the horse— more sensible than the men- — walked away with the dray across the plains, and not. one of ties mourners can tell how he followed it home. Poor George 1 it was the cursed drink that killed him, and , it even^ followed hjin to the grave. : the. funeral service was far fr^iaa sober, and mot a mourner could ride home from the funeral. Sad that a country so blest bgr Providence in all other should be tyrannized over by those two ^ greatest of ail human curses — Hie thirst after gold and drink. i i . : And now let no reader think that this sketeh is intended as a biirtesque — -\he facts happened exaetly as I haye st^ted them; and this little story is intended «aly to shew to quiet 9tay-a&fcome8;^e «irte! of society in Australia in the early -lays ; ;«i- the \- ' i &&red;! r Gage's, death , Is^np.^gpg^ ioplancej hu% At-* was tha oidy ;kmd i ever witnessed ; and although I ?dare say imnareds of men have seen*far mem distressing : accidents, T cah .Qhly say that this one left upon my mind .an im pression which can never be obliterated: ;,VeSry soon station aud wont down into -the Western, Port-' country kangarooing* where I' remained for, three years.- When I left Australia. in -1859, our ship lay off Wil liamstown, and one day I thought I would -have a liast look at tbe poor fellow's grave. J wett^ knew where to find it ; and there it lay just as it was left after the funeral, save that the little mound which maiked his last resting-place was entirely overgrown with .wild . marsh-mallow — a surfed sign' that he had -died amongst strangers. As I left it, I could not help .thinking that there were probably some afar off wbo would have given much to see that rude grave but for a few minutes, as I had done; and as I closed the churchyard gate behind me, Haynes Bayly's beautiful lines came into my mind — ' Ho should have died in his own loved land, \- With friends and kindred near him, * Rot have withered thus, on a foreign strand, With no thought save of heaven to cheer him, But what recks it now? Is his sleepless sound, In the port where the wild wave swept him; Than if home's green turf his grave had bonnd, ? Or the friends he loved had wept him P' An Hotix Bm in Brazil. — Speaking of those prodigious Portugese pennies reminds me that it takes 1,000 reis (pro nounced rays) to make a dollar, and that all financial estimates are made out in reis'; We did not know this until after we hacl found it out, and we found it out through Blucher. Blucher said he was so happy and so grateful to be on solid land once more, that he wanted to give a feast—said he had heard it was a cheap land, and he was bound to have a grand banquet. He invited nine of us, and we ate an excellent dinner at the principal hotel. In the midst of the jollity pro | duced by good cigars, good wine, and passable anecdotes, the landlord pre sented his bill. Blucher glanced at it and his countenance fell. . He took another look to assure himself that his senses had not deceived him, and then read the items aloud, in a faltering voice, while the roses in his cheeks turned to ashes : — ' 4 Ten dinners at 600 reis, 6,000 reis!' Fain and desolation! 'Twenty five cigars at 100 reis, 2,500 reis !' Oh, my sainted mother! * Eleven bottles of wine at 1,200 reis, 13,200 reis !' Be with us all! * Total, 21,700 reis T Great Csesar's ghost, there ain't money enough in the ship to pay that bill ! Go, leave me to my misery, boys, I'm a ruined community.' I think it was tbe blankest looking party I ever saw. Nobody could | say a word. It was as as if every soul j had suddenly been stricken dumb. ? Wineglasses descended slowly to the table, their contents untasted. Cigars dropped unnoted from nerveless fingers. Each man sought his neighbor's eye, but found in it no ray of hope, no encourage ment. At last the fearful silence was broken. The shadow of a desperate ire solve settled down upon Blucher's countenance like a cloud, and he rose up and said: — ' Landlord, this is a wretched mean swindle, and I'll never, never stand it. Here's $150, sir, and it's all you'll get — I'll swim in blood, sir, before I'll pay a cent, more.' Our spirits rose and the landlord's fell — at least we thought so ; he was confused at any rate, notwith standing be had not understood a word that had been said. He glanced from the little pile of gold pieces to Blucher several times and then went out. He must have visited an American, for when he returned he brought back his bill translated into language that a Christian could understand — thus : — 10 dinners, 6,000 reis, or $6 ; 25 cigars, 2,500 reis, or $2 50c. ; 11 bottles wine, 13,200 reis, or $13 20c. ; total, 21,700 reis' or $21 70c. Happiness reigned once more in Blucher's dinner party. More refresh ments were ordered. The Ikeepbessible Nigger. — Black though it may be, we have to look this thing in the face. You cannot give ' the I Southern colored gentleman' the ballot | and still expect to keep him out of office. Where he has the majority in the matter | of color he must be bought off or the (white man must stand baek when the time comes. From the political neces sities of this party or that party, there fore, it will be no matter of surprise if we have in the next Congress from the South five, ten, or fifteen, or twenty members of the House, and a scattering shot or two in the shape of a ' dark com plected' senator. Colored gentlemen for foreign missions, the Cabinet, and the White House will then be in order. When James Buchannan was our Minister at London, on one occasion, at a Court reception, he was asked what he i thought of the ambassador from Hayti, a ; strapping African, gorgeous in gold lace, at his elbow. ...' I. think,' said' ' Old , Buck,' quizzing the glittering negro, I j j think that that fellow Would fetch fifteen j ' hundred dollars in New Orleans.' Upon ; I that platform* ' the favorite 'son of Penn sylvania' (oh, Moses!) in 1866 was i Selected President by the Southern white balance of power.— New Yorle Tribune. 