I THE ESTERHAZY JEWELS. I At lasi these famous jewels, which for more than three quarters of a century have, when j worn by the Princes of the great house of Esterhazy, excited the admiration of the chief Courts of Europe, came under the hammer of the auctioneer, and are to, be no more worn, at least by men. There are few who have not heard traditionally of the surprising splendour and value of these gems; the jewelled boots, the diamond ornaments, and pearl suite of the Esterliazys have been almost as well known at our own and foreign Courts as the reigning Sovereign himself. The history of this passion for precious stones, which in one branch of the Esterhazy's developed itself into almost a mania, may be very briefly told. Towards the close of the last century Nicholas Prince Esterhazy, attended the coronation of Francis II. as King of Hungary. On that occasion he was captain of what may be termed the King's body guard —that is to say, he was at the head of a troop of ?4 princes and nobles only inferior to himself in rank and wealth. The first of j jewelled uniforms was made for this^pageant. j Every part of the equipment of an officer's j dress which should have been of metal was | made of pure brilliants of the finest water, and | the effect, as may be imagined, was so dazzling, j at a ceremony where allv was meant to be display, that the prodigal Prince continued to increase his lavish ostenation in the same way till, as we have said, the jewelled suits of the Esterhazys became the talk of the Courts of Europe. As the feudal proprietor of nearly one-third of Hungary, the owner of 33 manors, and suzerain of 17 lordships, he found little difficulty in gratifying his taste for precious stones; and, indeed, the family gems alone supplied enough to deck an empress. These fashioned into the most extraordinary and almost priceless ornaments—these sewn over uniforms till the fabric was literally stiff and cumbrous with their weight—were worn by. Prince Nicholas and Prince Paul at the coronation of Francis II., of George IV., William IV., and Victoria, and at the coronation of both the last and present Emperors of Austria and Russia. The last Prince, Paul, died deeply indebted at the commence' raent of last year. His estates were of course entailed, but his private property—these jewels dmong the rest—passed into the hands of his creditors, and by them or their trustees have been sold to Mr Boore, of 54, Strand, w here they are now on view previous to Wing broken up and sold separately, at so much per carat, according»to the value of the gems. Their arrival and intended sale in this country have created a sort of panic in the diamond market, where the prices have lately ruled extraordinarilyjhigh, and this sudden consignment of jewels, containing .more than 50,000 brilliants—many of immense value, to say, nothing of emeralds, rubies, topazes, and pearls—has of course had a certain effect upon present prices. # The most conspicuous and the most valuable among ail these splendid ornaments is the diamond afgrette or plume of diamonds, which in place of ordinary feathers Prince Nicholas used to wear in his Hussar cap. This is said to be the largest diamond ornament in the world. The j&imes; contain nearly 5,000 brilliants, which weigh in the aggregate a pound and a half. The height of the whole ornament is 16 inches, and its width fcen inches, every part being built up of clear set diamonds of the purest colour. With this, round the Hussar cap, is worn a loop and tassels of rows of pearls and brilliants, and the tassel and pendants contain some stones of great price. The diamond-mounted sword and scabbard are quite jn keeping with the headdress, and are of brilliants of the rarest kind. The short belt, however, which is meant to hang from the shoulder to the waist is, perhaps, the most valuable of all. It is a mere band of the finest diamonds and pearls, one stone at the top being estimated at the value of £20,000, and one at the bottom at £12,000. With these among snuff boxes and single diamonds are shown the late Prince's Orders. The gradual progress of the taste for jewellery can be easily traced in these latter. There are no less than six Orders of the Golden Fleece. The first is the ordinary Order, in itself sufficiently magnificent, but from this larger and more valuable ones have been successively made, till the fifth and sixth are probably of their kind unequalled by any jewelled Orders in the world. The fifth is composed entireily of the largest and finest brilliants, with the fleece formed in yellow diamonds. The sixth jewel is of diamonds and emeralds, and contains what is said to be the best formed and best coloured emerald of its size which is known Eogers had taken to liimself a wife, and 'become the head of a growing family. One morning he rode into Elizabeth-town, and*pH he did not return that night—a circumstance that had never occurred before—'his wife became very uneasy, and in the morning induced her brother to start to town in search of her missing husband. About three miles from the house he came upon the body of his brother-in-law, lying in the road, stiff and cold in death. His brain had been pierced by a rifle ball. Although his murdererwas never discovered, yet the community quietly accepted the belief that Henry Johnstone, a son of Thomas, who was slain, by Eogers, was the perpetrator of the deed. Some years afterwards, in a drunken moment, in Elizabethtown, this young man acknowledged that he had slain William Eogers, and gave as his reason that the latter had killed his father. Henry Johnstone was young man, and only a few months befWS the murder had'been married to a young in the neighbourhood. Again the chart of time was unrolled, and at least ten years had been added to the past when a youiig lad, a son of the murdered Eogers, engaged in an altercation in the yard of the Court-house at Elizabethtown w ith Johnstone, who was then a middle-aged man, and inflicted such wounds upon him with a knife that he died on the following morning. Thus it went on for years, now a Johnstone falling by the hands of a Eogers, and then a Rogers falling beneath the avenging hand of a Johnstone, Until the war intervened, and for a time, at least, the terrible feud appeared to have ended. The cessation of hostilities brought the survivors of the warring families back to Carter County. These survivors eon, r sisted of Eandall Eogers and Eobert Johnstone, both battle-scari^ed veterans, and both unmarried men. On the evening of the 5th Jan. these two men met in a grocery at Elizabethtown, and soon became engaged in an altercation. Bystanders interfered, and for an hour or two a collision was averted. They were separated by friends, and taken off in opposite directions. This occurred about noon. About 3 o'clock, as Eogers was going up the street he saw Johnstone coming down. As they neared each otln r they drew their revolvers, and commenced simultaneously firing upon each other, continuing to advance as they fired. Einally, and when ' about four feet distance from Johnstone, Eogers sank to the pavement, and a3-He lay the last act of his life was to fire the last charge in his pistol into the abdomen of Johnstone, whose last bullet, fired at the same instant, penetrated his antagonists brain, causing instant death. Johnstone fell across the body of his foe, , and when bystanders rushed , lay, he, too, had passed beyond all reach of mortal aid. Almost at the same instant of time, their two blood-guilty souls had gone to join the gory ghosts of their ancestors. Thus ended a feud that has existed for twenty years, in the course of which fourteen men. have died violent deaths." 