GREAT MEETING OF BISHOPS. ADDRESS OF THE BISHOPS. To the Faithful in Christ Jesus, the Priests and Deacons, and the Lay Members of the Church of Christ in Communion with the Anglican Branch of the Church Catholic, — Wk, the undersigned Bishop*, gathered under the good providence of God for prayer and con fidence at Lambeth, pray for yon that ye may obtain grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jestu Christ our Saviour. •We gire thanks to God, brethren beloved, for the faith in onr Lord Jeans Christ, and the lore towards the Saints, which hath abounded among you; and for the knowledge of Christ which through you hath been spread abroad among the most vigorous races of the earth. And with one mouth we make onr supplications to God even the Father, that by the power of the Holy Ghost He would strengthen us with His might, to amend among us the things which are amiss, to supply the things which are lack ing, and to reach forth unto higher measures of lore and zeal in worshipping Him, and in making known His name; and'we pray that in His good time Ho would give back unto His whole Church the blessed gift of unity in Truth. And now we exhort you in lore that ye keep whole and undefiled the Faith once delivered to the Saints, as ye hare received it of the Lord Jesus. We entreat you to watch and pray, and to strive heartily with us against the frauds and subtleties wherewith the Faith hath been aforetime and is now assailed. We beseech you to hold fast as the sure word of God all'the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testament, and that by diligent study of these oracles of God, praying in the Holy Ghost, ye seek to know more of the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour, whom they reveal unto us, and of the will of God which they declare. Furthermore, wo entreat you to guard your selves and yours against the growing superstitions and additions With which in these latter days the truth of God hath been overlaid; as other wise, so especially by the pretension to universal sovereignty over God's heritage asserted for the See of Borne ; and by the practical exaltation of the blessed Virgin Mary as mediator in the place of her Divine Son, and by the addressing of prayers to her as intercossor between God and man. Of suoh beware, we beseech you, knowing that the jealous God givethnot His honor to another. Build yourselves up therefore, beloved, in your most holy faith; grow in grace and in the knowledge and love of Jesus Christ onr Lord. Bhow forth before all men by your faith, self denial, purity and godly conversation, as well as by your labors for the people among whom God hath so widely spread you, and by the setting forth of His Gospel to the unbelievers and the heathen, that ye are indeed the servants of Him who died for us to reconcile His Father to us, and to be a sacrifice for the sins of the whole world. Brethren beloved, with one voice we warn yen; the time is short; the Lord cometh; watch and be sober. Abide steadfast in the communion of saints wherein God hath granted you a place. Seek in faith for oneness with Christ in the blessed sacrament of His body and blood. Hold fast the Creeds, and Che pure worship and order, which of God's grace ye have inherited from the Primitive Church. Beware of causing divisions contrary to the doctrine ye' have received. Pray and seek for unity among yourselves, and among all the faithful in Christ Jesus, and the good Lord make you perfect, and keep your bodies, souls, and spirits until the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. C. T~ Cantuar; Iff. G. Armagh; B. C. Dublin; A. C. London; C. B. Winton; C. St. David's ; J. Lichfield; S. Oxon; Thos. Vowler St. Asaph; A. Llandaff; John Lincoln ;W. K. Sarum; John T. Norwich; J. O. Bangor; H. Worcester; C. J. Gloucester and Bristol; E. H. Ely; William Chester; T. L. Rochester; Samuel Heath; H. Kilmore; Charles Limerick, Ardfert and Aghadoe; Robert Eden, D. D., Bishop of Moray, Boss and Caithness, Primus; Alexander Swing, Bishop of Argyll and the Isles; T. G. Suther, Bishop of Aberdeen and Orkney; Horaoe Sodor and Mann; Charles Wordsworth, D.0.L., Bishop of St. Andrews, Dnnkeld, and Dunblane; Wm. S. Wilson, Bishop of Glasgow and Galloway; T. B. Morrell, Coadjutor Bishop of Edinburgh; F. Montreal, Metropolitan of Canada; G. A. New Zealand, Metropolitan of New Zealand; R. Capetown, Metropolitan of South Africa; Aubery G. Jamaica; T. Barbadoes; J. Bombay; H. Nova Scotia; F. T. Labuaa ; H. Grahams town ; H. J. C. Christohurch; Matthew Perth; Benjamin Huron; W. W. Antigua; E. H. Sierra Leone; T. N. Honolulu; J. T. Ontario; J. W. Quebeo; W. J. Gibraltar; H. L. Dunedin ; Edward Bishop Orange Biver Free State; A. N. Niagara; William George Toter, Missionary Bishop; James B. Kelly, Coadjutor of New foundland ; J. Angl. Hierosol; John H. Hop kins, Presiding Bishop of Pr. Ep. Church in the United States; Charles P. M'llvaine, Bishop of Ohio ; Manton Eastburn, Bishop of Massachusetts; John Payne, Bishop of Cape Palmas and parts adjaoent; Henry J. White house, Bishop of Illinois; Thomas Atkinson, Bishop of North Carolina; Henry W. Lee, Bishop of Iowa; Horatio Eotter, Bishop of New York ; Thomas M. Clark, Bishop of Rhode Island; Alexander Gregg, Bishop of Texas ; W. H. Odenheimer, Bishop of New Jersey; G. T. Bedell, Assistant Bishop of Ohio; Henry C Lay, Missionary Bishop sf Arkansas and the Indian Territory; Jos. O. Talbot, Assistant Bishop of Indiana; Richard H. Milmer, Bishop of Alabama; Charles Todd Quintard, Bishop of Tennessee ; John B. Kerfoot, Bishop of Pittsburgh; J. P. B. Wilmer, Bishop of Louisiana; C. M. Williams, Missionary Bishop to China; J.'Chapman, Bishop; George Smith, late Bishop of Victoria (China); David Anderson, late Bishop of Rupert's Land; Ed mund Hobhouse, by Bishop of New Zealand. A conversazione in honor of the Bishops of the Colonial and United States Churches, under the auspices of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, was held on the 27th September, in St. James' Hall. The floor of the large room was occupied by a large assemblage of clergymen and laymen, who spent two hours in conversa tion before the arrival of the Bishops, who did not enter the hall until 5 o'clock, having been detained by a discussion at the Synod at Lam beth Palace. A number of ladies occupied the gallery. The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishop of Oxford, and the Bishop of London, introduced the American and Colonial Bishops, and all were cordially received. The Arch bishop of Canterbury took the chair. He read a letter from the Secretary of the Society for tiie Promotion of Christain Knowledge, express ing regret that circumstances had prevented that society from giving a public welcome to the Bishops. The Archbishop added that that. letter expressed the feelings of all present. They rejoiced to welcome those who had come from distant parts of the world to take part in this Conference. A deep debt of gratitude was owing to them for having taken such interest in the matter, and made such sacrifices for it At first it was doubtful whether it would be pos sible to give up any portion of that day for a meeting Uke that. At the same time an anxious wish was expressed on the part of the clergy of London and the neighborhood, and of many members of the Church of England, that they should have an opportunity of seeing face to face those who had come to the Conference, and that a portion of the day should be given up for this purpose. He wished that a larger portion of the day could have been devoted to the meeting. The Bey. Mr. Bullock, the secretary to the society, read an address of wel come to the American and Colonial Bishops. The Bishops of Vermont, New Zealand, Louisiana, Cape Town, and Rhode Island having briefly addressed the company, the Bishop of London, as head [o( the diocese in which the meeting was held, expressed his satisfaction in welcoming the Bishops to this city. It was not for him to reveal any of the secrets of what had been done at Lambeth Palace; but the Synod had forced on his mind the thought that, although men said the Church was so much divided, there was a real and essential unity of heart and faith, and that such gatherings would testify to the great truth that, with all their diversities of individual character, of training, and of nation ality, they were still one at heart, anxious to promote in their several ways the great work committed to them. The Bishop of Ontario having addressed the meeting, the Bishop of Oxford spoke humorously and for cibly on 'the necessity of providing a mission house for the society. He expressed his con* viction of the Apostolical character of the Synod which had been held. He had no doubt that heresies in the Church arose in little com munities from the sway of particular minds and the force of particular circumstances; and just as they could not get the light of Heaven unless the prismatic rays were mingled in the common composition of light, so they could not keep the truth of the Holy Catholic Church long un tainted unless they blended good men of different habits of thought, and got their united decisions upon the difficulties with which the Church might be beset. The Archbishop pro nounced the Benediction, and the conversazione soon afterwards broke up. An annual subscrip tion to the amount of £125 for the Natal bishopric was raised in the room. 