ALLEGED FENIAN RAID OK CHESTER. There was a wonderful alarm on Mondar, February ll, in thc city of Cheater. Aa unaccountable Influx of men with nothing to do, estimated nt from'COO to 1500, attracted tho attention of tho authorities. .Tho mbgiatratos assembled police and voluntoorc, snore in special constables, and resolved to remain in session all night; detnoliment-t of troops «vero-sont from Liver- pool, and OOO ¡soldiers nf tho Hoots Fusilier Guards despatched bi train, at 2 in the norning, from London. A telegram from Liverpool, received in Lonilon on tho OTonin.'of tho 12th February, indicated a hoax to servo the pnrposo of other perturbera of the law in tho sbapo. of prize fighters. . Whalover doubt, howover, may have been entertained as to tho chnracter and intentions of tho persons who visited Chester on tho nhovo day, it U olear from tho statements of Lord Derby and Mr. Walpole in Parliament on tho night of the 12th, that tho Government bad none. They had no habitation in believing that it was a. real Fenian raid, frustrated by some traitor in tho camp, who In- formed tho authorities of their designe. Tho follow- ing details embrace all tho information that has ap- peared relativo to tho foregoing occurrence. ? The first intimation received in Olictter nf the . In- tended raid was st 12.30 a.m. on February ll. by Mr. Fenwick from Mr. Superintendent Itvdo and detective inspeotor Carlisle, of Liverpool,, and wns to tho .effect that an ex-olficor of the American army, who produced his commisiion as an officer in tho Fenian sorvico, had revealed tho wholo plot , to thom. Tho Mayor of Cheater lives at Broughton-hall, in Flintshire, BO Mr. Fenwick at once saw Mr. Maysmore Williams, thoi doputy.mayor, and from bim went to (ho commandant of tho detachment at tba castle. Prompt mcaiuros wero taken, and tho commandant teleernnbed to tho assistai) t-ndjutnnt-genoral at Manchester for a reinforce- ment. Thor next went to tho station, and (rave in- structions for tho traine to bo watohod as they arrived, At 2.30 a batch of thirty' fellows arrived from Livor pool, and wero ovidöntfy undor the command of nn officer. ' Thor marched up and down' tho p'ntform hy twos and threes, and at length took possession of tho first- class refreshment room, Tboy woro soon followed by further dotaohmontB of from thirty to sixty, from Liverpool, and Bomo from Manchester* all of ' similar appearance. Theso dispersed quietly Into tho town. Karly in tho morning tho -volunteers wore called out, but ns there was same doubt whether they could not f.roopt In caeos of Invasion, a telegram was sent to Mr. Walpole, and hie answer was that valun toora ought not to bo employed in their military - capacity ' in ' quelling , disturbance*, but in point of law thoy would bo justified In soling ol individuals in aid of tho civil power, and in a seri nus rmer-f-enoy they might uso their arms if necessary. Tho volunteers woro thoroupon sworn in as special con- stable*. Uy the asslatanco of tho pol ico at Liverpool and Manchester the Ghost or polios wera i kept apprised ot tho different departures of suspected bodlra of men. At 3 o'clock it wa» 'asconalned thnt over COO of theso mon had on i voil. About the samotimoit wasasoertalnod that a II uro bor of thoir ofilcers had boon in Chester over nliilit; Karly in thu afternoon tho strangers bo- en m o mu oh bolder, and assembled In threatening boHlos ?Fortunately nt this timo a company of,tho Ci'h Itegimcnt nrrWod from Manchester, and tho police aro strongly inollned to think that this fact saved tho eaatlo from rm nttnok osrly In tho evening. A Ital ra ?went very quietly up to 4 o'clook, when a tiain from .Mnriohoater and' Htaloybridgo brought à reinforcement ,of -100 lu ono batch. Later on forty mon arrived from 'Halifax, and sovonty from Leeds. Shortly nflor 0 lt wasa-certalned that the Veníaos numbered from MOO .to 1Ô0U. . < \- . : : Captain Smltli, tho county chiot constnblo lind draughted « body of tho county constabulary iato tho onstlo ta assist thu military. Telt>grntnt wero forwarded from timo to limo to' tho Secretary of Stntc. A enny i ut th« following anonymous lotter sont to Mnjnr Grclir, ohtof of tho Llvorpool polico, wau rooelvod by Mr.- l'Vn wick, nnd oolnoldod singularly with tho informat'ón already In his possomlon ¡-Dear Slr,-You could do y»ur oountry m nob sorvlco, ns at prottmt thora aro OOO men in OlioBter, to bo iuoro«sod by night to 700,' to take thonrmi and ammunition of tho garrison \ nnd, n» tho|>orrl«onis dlstiucotcd, lt ls supposod that tlioy Will do it with llttlo lou, Thoy ore fa low Jilrkcn hYadiliy óvóry*train from tho first In thomorning. Ali* tn ba there1 by'7 nt tho latest. They have in numbera of fi» n"thirty to sixty in ovary train." At night Mr. Johnson, tho mayf, convennd a pttblto "mooting*which-wo* most earnest t andoverSW oitiaone-- ,. wsro sworn in as tpenial oonsUülíV "J.-1, paraded th» town in largo bodioo throughout tho njght.-Tho toK "lowiñB ras>istratPB-r-Tho, Mayor. /Mr. Mjysmor Wllllams, Major French, afr. ¡E. 0. Walker, Mr. A~ Totts, Mr. Front, Mr. B. Vràai, Mr. Itogors.and others,, wore in constant ationdanco for tho purposo oe «wearing ia special oonstablosi,, and,for advisiog- on tho «ellont to - bo - taten.--. .It,-was- deemed desirable to call; out tho yromanry, and-for that purposo the- , permission of Lord Grosvonor and Lord deTabloywaa . tol-Jgrapbod for. 'Lord Grosvonor ropliod that ho would como down ortho night mall, and accordingly, ho sn<t Lord Richard Grosvonor arrived in OKester nt IS-48 on» Tuoadáy morning, tho- 13th, and remained with-the- ; . magistrates through, tho night.' Boforo leaving ton-* don Lord Grosvenor communicated with tba com mander-in-obief, who-ot onco telegraphed that ho had! 'ordered a battalion of Guards by special train to Cheater.. During tho night tho.Fonlnns.oyidontlyparao to the conoliiBion that tho preparations woro too much for them, and OBJ tho night advancod, pnrti'S of ten» and twentios woro seen lcaving-on foot for Warrington and other neighbouring tana'. ' Although all dongorof any serions attempt hod died! away nftor tho town's mooline:, tho police .were kept on duty, as many suspioious oharacters wore still to bo seon in the streotc About, 0 ' o'clock a,'m-¿ on tho J2th, two haversacks with groin bands and a quantity of ball cartridges cf, private -make-, wero discovered - on a- pieco of vacant land elnso to th» railway station. Phortiy after this throe or four sus ploloUB-ldoklng fellows wore arrested' in tho station- " yard, and being unobio to siva any satisfactory account ? . of themselves were sont back to Manchester, whonoa the; said they had como. . ., In the afternoon tho oity magistrates bold a meetine; nt the GrosTonor-hotol, .the Mayor presiding. -Muan satisfaction at tho prompt arrival of tho Soots Eusilier Gusrds was exprossfd, and it was thought that their pretence affordod tho city ample security without the-, necessity for swearing in moro npocial constables. Among tho ammunition found in tho morning were a number of revolver faultet«--. At a mrcting of the Ohoslor Town' Council on Feb- ruary 10th, a vote of thanks.was unanimously accorde ff to tho authorities, tho volunteera.. fire brigade, polico. and othoT taking an activo part in tho Into prevention of riot. Major Frenan responded to , tho. compliment» Aldorman W. Maystnor Williams stated that ho was at tho police-office that morning, and a man made a stat«- . mont to him that ho saw two men on tho opposite sido of the river to' the waterworks throw jnto the river an immeneo quantityof what ho baliovcdf to be ammunition. One of theso men «poko with an Irish accent, and theothor in a disguised tono, bat he was supposed to bo a Canadian. Ibo river was subse- quently dragged, and a quantity of packages, aomo containing, ball cartridge, and others percussion capv waa found. A memorial to !the War. authoritics, pray- ing that Chester might bo better providod with soldiers for Its dofonce- tb*re having boon only,fifty-four effi. oient soldiers and two officers etmianed there up to BIonday morning - was posted by tho council. . Hall ? cartridge*, in packages nnd loose, have been also picked up in different parts of tho town, somo evan in tb» streets nt Doughton. From 4 o'olock on tho afternoon-: of the 11th np to a late hour on ibo night of the 12th about 2000 Irish roughs paused thron'ah the New Ferry tollbar on their way from Chester to Birkenhead; They carno in gangs of- thirty or forty, and seemed tobo much jaded and dispirited. , 