OUR LONDON" NEWS-LETTER. [From our own. Correspondent.] Monday, August 26,1867. At length the session has ended, and the Reform Bill become the law of the land. I say at length—yet to go back only one month, the Bill was still in Committee in the Lords, and the rising of Parliament an event in the dim future. At the close of July a severe attack of gout unfortunately prostrated the Prime Minis ter. The State pilot was 'disabled when bis services were most required. The Earl of Derby rules the House of Lords almost as com pletely as did once the Duke of Wellington, and the Earl of Malmesbury and the Duke of Marlborough are sorry substitutes for his Lordship. It was indeed Lord Cairns, the newest of the Peers, and although a Lord Justice, and supposed to have taken leave of political life, who assumed the reins that Lord Derby had for a while abandoned. Under hi3 auspices the lodger franchise was once again raised from £10 to £15, and University lodgers invested with a vote for the respective boroughs in which they resided. The Whig Peers made ,a stand in favor of a lodger redistribution scheme. Lord Halifax (better known in poli tical life as Sir Charles Wood) led the way by proposing a resolution, that the scheme of the Government was inadequate, and that more re presentatives should be given to large and im portant constituencies. But His Lordship, who was opposed by the Government on the all sufficient plea that any attempt at alteration now would endanger the Bill, only obtained the support of 59 peers. The same argument did not, however, prevent Ministers from ac cepting an amendment for raising the copy hold qualification for counties from £10 to £5, though they declined, at the instance of Earl Grey, to resuscitate the compound householder. Lord Lyttelton proposed that the writing of a plain and legible hand should qualify for the possession of a vote ; but the amendment was not seriously discussed, and was, it is said, so illegibly written that when handed to the clerk he could not decipher it. Lord Cairn's proposal that no elector should have more than two votes in "three-cornered constituencies" : was well debated. Though opposed by the Government, it was supported by Earl Russell and Lord Spencer on the part of the Whig peers, by Lord Houghton, the most. Radical of peersj and by such independent Conservatives as Lord Carnar von and Lord Mahon. A few Liberals like Lord Granville objected to the scheme, but it was carried by the large majority of 91, the minority of 51 being, to a great extent, composed of Go vernment officials. Thus far the Reform Bill had proceeded in Committee without the presence of thePremier. On the 1st of August Lord Derby again made his appearance, and the scene is thus described by an eyewitness :—" We may imagine how Lord Derby fumed and fretted in St. James's square when he read the debates of Monday and Tuesday. He told his physicians he must go down to the House on Thursday. They pro tested and remonstrated; but at length, as it seemed to be decreed by fate tbat the Lord Privy Seal was in some way or other to be the death of him, it doubtless seemed a less evil to the physicians that the Prime Minister should go down to St. Stephen's than that he should lie on the sofa, inventing expletives, and using strong language expressive of his intellectual admiration and his personal sense of the ob ligations under which he and his Ministry lay to his Lord Privy Seal. So on Thursday, while the Duke of Cleveland was defending the course taken by the North British Railway Committee in sanctioning the issue of preference stock, in stalked Lord Derby, as pale as a ghost, and with one arm in a sling. Since the days of Lord Chatham, and not perhaps without the same risk, probably no great political leader has entered the House so white, so shattered, and with such physical traces of pain and.suffering in his features.' Yet the indomitable spirit and pluck of-his race shines in his face, and he has a smile for all the friends whom he passes on his way to his seat between the Duke of Marl borough and the Earl of Malmesbury. It maybe from accident, or it may be from vexation, but it is observed that the Premier gives' his left hand to the Duke, and does not shake hands with Lord Malmesbury, The Earl of Devon nd other friends cannot resist the temptation pr bss his hand, and tell him how glad they are to see him back. A little later; Lord Gran ville, whp admires and likes him rather more than any of his colleagues, gives public expression to the gratification of the House. With faltering and broken voice the Prime Minister replies, yet pleasantly and'with a ghastly smile, " I trust that the occasion of my involuntary absence for some ten. days will be taken as some expiation of the many misdeeds with which I have been charged in connection with the ques tion of Reform." Their Lordships laughed; yet, looking at that pallid face and wasted figure, they cannot but agree that ten days of gout and two nights of Malmesbury ought _ to cancel a good deal of political sin. But being here again on the Treasury Bench we shall see how he "sits upon" Malmesbury and his " middled-aged colleagues.". The discussion is long and important. Lord Grey proposes that not more than one member shall be returned by towns with a population not exceeding 12,000. The Duke of Argyle, Earl Russell, the Earl of Carnarvon, the Earl of Cardigan, Earl Stan hope, and the Earl of Kimberley address the House. Yet the Premier will not allow Malmesbury to rise. He imposes absolute silence on the Treasury Bench, with the excep tion of the Lord Chancellor, and makes not only a long speech early in the debate in reply to Lord Grey, but another long speech at the end of the debate in reply to the other speakers. This is the Premier's testimony to the wisdom' and ability displayed by his viceroy and other colleagues during Ms enforced absence ! Earl Grey's amendment was supported on both sides of the House, as giving scope for carrying out the minorities principle, anffpre venting the necessity for a larger redistribution of seats hereafter. But the Prime Minister was stern and resolute. If the amendment' should be "car ried, he would be under the necessity of con sulting the Cabinet as to the course they should then pursue. TMs threat sufficed to secure the rejection,of Earl Grey's amendment, though only by a majority of 22, and in a comparatively frhin House. Next day, however, Lord Derby had forgotten the importance of carrying the Bill intact, so as to avoid a collision with the Commons. His Lordship gave Ms "unqualified adhesion" to Lord Salisbury's amendment, enabling electors so vote by means of voting papers instead of in person—a proposal which, after very full discussion, had been rejected by the Lower House. The objections to the_ scheme were inadequately stated'on the Opposition side, and it was finally carried by the large majority of 144 to 36. Thus the Bill got through Com mittee in the Lords. But on the bringing up of the report on the Monday, the 5th of August the Premier consented to rescind the decision on the lodger franchise on the ground that the £10 limit was the result of a compact, and the obedient peers, headed by the repentant Lord Cairns, accepted the plea, and the previous deci sion was reversed. On Tuesday, the 6th, the Bill came on for third reading. Though the occasion was one of j supreme importance, the attendance both of peers and spectators was scanty, and enthusiasm there was none. The measure was read a tMrd time and passed without opposition and without a cheer of exultation. Lord Russell was present and critical. He thought the Bill would greatly increase bribery and corruption, though he hoped the people would not, abuse the powers conferred on them. But he did not regard the distribution of seats as final. Lord Derby made a short and somewhat of a funereal speech. They were " taking a leap in the dark j" still he had that confidence in the sound sense of his fellow-countrymen that he trusted that the extended franchise now conferred upon them would place the institutions of the country on a firmer basis, and increase the loyalty and contentment of a large portion of Her Majesty's subjects. Thus coldly dismissed, the Bill was carried down to the Commons the same evening, and the appearance of the Clerk with the pre cious roll under Ms arm was greeted with a hearty cheer. On Thursday, the 8th, the Lord's amendments were considered by the Commons. There had been talk of a " call of the House" for the occa sion, but such a formality was quite needless. There was a great muster on both sides; the Liberals, in particular, had for this occasion re sponded with alacrity to the urgent summons of { Mr. Glyn, their new whipper- in. Once more, j albeit the month of August, and the fierce j heats of summer prevailing, the House of Com- j mons was full to overflowing. Mr. Disraeli was in the blandest mood, full of compliments to the moderation of the lords, whose amend ments he in general recommended for accept ance. But the Commons were in haste to pro ceed to business. The. new and indsidious denfinition of a " poor rate," and the proposal to give university lodgers a vote for Borough elections were regretted with out, a division. The next question—the copy hold francMse—was a test of the strength of parties, and it was found that the Liberals were once more united and supreme. By the decisive majority of 47 the £5 limit was restored. Iri like manner, the renewed attempt to give the b orough franchise to resident members of the University towns was voted down. The Tories made a desperate effort to retain the voting paper clause, which had been reinserted by the Lords after having been rejected by a small majority in the Commons; and in order to avoid utter defeat Mr. Disraeli proposed that the plan should be restricted to counties. The -House did not tMnk it worth while to contest the amendment, but voted down the entire clause. The largeness of the majority—-52, ina House of: 464 members—was due, not only to the strong objection entertained against a scheme of voting which would inevitably lead to fraud, intimida tion, and the manufacture of fictitious votes, but to the objectionable machinery by which Lord Salisbury proposed to give it effect—so objec tionable that Mr. Mill declared that he would prefer no Bill at all to a measure saddled with such vicious provisions. But the great feature of the sitting was the debate on the minorities amendment, which Mr. Disraeli, though still personally averse to, advised the House should accept, because it had been carried by an almost unanimous vote in the Lords. Mr. Bright, in one of his most impassioned and uncompromis ing speeches, moved that the amendment be rejected. He denounced it as a newfangled contrivance unknown to the Constitution, and as an insult to Manchester, Liverpool, Birming ham, and Leeds, to wMch a third member had been granted, and wMch would, by LordCairns's plan, be worse off than constituencies that returned, only two members. Mr. Bright's powerful eloquence extorted cheers, but Ms arguments, though (enforced by Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Goschen, did not convert the House. The Opposition were divided. Prominent liberals like Mr. Buxton and Mr. Knatchbull Hugessen, spoke in, favor of the plan, and it was well known that such Radicals as Mr. Mill, Mr. Hughes, and Mr. Fawcett were heartily in its favor. Mr. Blight's amendment was sup ported by 204 votes, but 253 members went into the lobby against Mm, and finally sanc tioned the principle of the representation of minoiities. This decision will_ affect some eight counties and five boroughs, including the City of London in wMch, as there are four members, every elector mil have three votes. Curiously enough in five of the counties referred to, the minorities principle is carried out in practice. But its formal sanction by Parlia ment will hasten that larger redistribution of power which even Lord Derby admits to be inevitable. Many Liberals see in its recogni tion a comparatively easy mode of reducing to a minimum the opposition of thejTories to'the dis franchisement of small constituencies, and to a further transfer of seats to large towns. The Lords took their rebuff' with meekness or rather an overwhelming majority, knowing that they would have to yield, thought it pru dent to absent themselves when the reasons of the Lower House for " disagreementcame to be considered on the 12th. The. conferences between the two Houses when they are at issue on a Bill is in this wiseSome half, a dozen on each side meet in the Painted Chamber—the Lords seated and wearing cocked . hats; the Commons also seated but uncovered.. Of course if the conference fails the Bill, falls through. On this occasion there was no conference, the Lower House preferring to send their reasons for disagreeing with the Lords' amendments ?by messenger direct, to the great scandal, of the lovers of precedent, who mourn over the presumption of the Lower House in sending a clerk when! heretofore they have always'been obliged to dispatch a deputa tion. tMs innovation is not without signifi cance, and even Lord Derby is fain to sanction it. His Lordship on the 12th was not in good humor. He said that the Commons' reasons— they were certainly very curt—for insisting on some proposals and for disagreeing with others reminded him much of the advice of one. judge to another—Give your judgment by all means, but never give your reasons." The Premier having stoutly defended the Lords' amendments, except the minorities clause—which he accepted,, but would not agree to extend—wasunder the necessityof "humbly" ' recommending the House ,to agree to the Com mons' amendments—of swallowing them entire. One adventurous peer, the Earl of Clancarty, had recommended that the Commons should be defied, and the country appealed to, but no one seconded this sage proposal, and the Commons' amendments were accepted nem. con. There now remained only one further for mality to turn the Reform Bill of 1867 into an . Act of Parliament. The royal assent was given on Thursday, August 15th. It was quite an or dinary event. The Representation of the People Bill stood first in a long list of Bills that were to receive the final imprimatur. The Commons were summoned by."Black Rod," and nearly all present followed the Speaker, with mace be fore him, and attended by his train-bearers, he strode to the bar of the House of Lords. As the Clerk, pronounced the sealing words "La Heine le ueult," there was a cry of "hear, hear," from the assembled Commons. The Lords might' perhaps have joined in it had there been any of them there, but it was before their usual hour of assembling, and there were not half a dozen present altogether, and none at all of the leaders on either side. "When the Com mons afterwards returned to their own House, and the Speaker, according to custom, read out the titles of the Bills, beginning with the Re form Bill, there was a much more cordial shout of applause, the Commons feeling more assured of giving expression to their feelings when on their own ground. A country correspondent thus describes Mr. Disraeli's appearance the same evening:—"When the House met at night I was struck by the expression upon Mr. Disraeli's features. The hopes and anxieties of the author of the Bill, and the varying chances and changes of the measure,, were at length at an end. The inevitable reaction had set in, and in a single night, the Chancellor of the Exchequer seemed to have grown /ten years older. The prize of legislative statesmanship, which'had so long mocked his grasp, had now been fairly clutched, and for good or evil he was now to rank among the greatest of his con temporaries. Say, if you will, that the mea sure is not his—that it is the Reform Bill of the House—and" that he has only done the bidding of the Liberal Opposition; yet, as mea sures take the name of the member of Parlia ment who has charge of them, and who fights them through, the Reform Bill of 1867 will be fa-, miliarly spoken of for at least half a century to come as ' Mr. Disraeli's measure,' as the Reform Bill of 1832 is known as ' Lord J. Russell's Bill' With this description of fame Mr. • Disraeli is for the present content, for he has never yet written his name in the Statute Book of the United Kingdom. The reaction of which his features bore the impress appeared to consist of a tumult of hurrying and agitated thoughts. I have never seen him so grave, so preoccupied. I had almost written so sad. His clouded brow, his troubled eye, his dark and serious expres sion, gave new expression to his usually impas si e. features, and'he might have been taken for some Jewish prophet, ready to pour out lamentations and woe, rather than an English statesman who has, in a spirit of trust in the ' people, given resist less power to the great English democracy." The second Reform Bill—the subject of agitation for many long years, which has broken up Go vernments and perplexed statesmen—is now a fait accompli. Substantially, I mean, for it is not yet complete. Next session the case of Scot land and Ireland will have to be considered, and these poitions of Her Majesty's dominions after all return nearly one fourth of the House of Commons. The report of the Boundary Com missioners, who are to recommend what boroughs shall be enlarged, and what counties rearranged, has also to be ratified by Parliament, and there are provisions for putting down bribery and corruption still to be considered. Mr. Bright recommends the Reform League to commence an agitation for the ballot, but such a move ment at present will fail. The country wants a little repose. There will be no general election under ordinary circumstances till after January, 1869, when the nfew register will come into operation, and till then we are likely to enjoy the blessings of a Conservative Government, and all single eleotions will take place under the old law. The Liberal party will have time to reorganise. The old Whigs will have to give up their claims to supremaoy, the new men will come to theJront, and when a Liberal Adminis tration is again formed Mr. Bright will assuredly be offered a seat in the Cabinet. Next session will be largely expended in paying court to the British householders—the future master of our political destinies. Our papers are now discussing how the Reform Act will work. I quote the opinion of one—the Nonconformist, as containing some facts, as well as sentiments, which may interest even Antipodean politicians on a matter so in timately affecting the future welfare of the old mother country" Household suffrage, re stricted by the ratepaying provision, and. sup plemented by a lodger franchise will in future be the law for all borough constituencies in the election of thepopular branch of the Legislature. No one can tell how it will work, unless it be the Spofforths of the clubs, whose professional calculations are not always to be relied on, because they are professional. We know, indeed, that the male occupiers of houses rated to the poor in England and Wales are more than a million and a quarter. . But it is estimated that owing to the stipulation of one year's residence, insufficient residence, non- payment of rates, and indifference to the franchise, a very considerable proportion of these householders will not appear on the register, and that in all probability, the borough electors will, in the aggregate, be increased from 445,000 to 800,000, of whom more than a clear half will belong to the working classes. But it is by no means altogether a question of totals or averages, nor does this rough estimate include the electors who will be added by the lodger franchise. In the small and agricultural boroughs the Reform Act, may be expected to tell in favor of the landed interest. The new electors there being already independent of the Small Tenements Act. and peculiarly subject to occult influences, will, no doubt, with few exceptions, be put upon the register by interested persons. Some of these boroughs have had to surrender one mem ber apiece; but, on the other hand, .the new town constituencies are, for the most part, so much substracted from the Liberal element in their respective counties; and that element may he expected to be: further eliminated by the enlargement of borough boundaries. Though the towns will monopolise some 62 per cent, of the members' for England and Wales, it is by no means clear that the Liberal cause will to alarge extent gain. numerically by the Reform Act. But it mil represent a far larger proportion than hitherto of the entire population, and Radical members will doubtless be returned by im-. mense majorities in. the great towns. By the reduction of the copyhold qualification, and the concession of a vote to every holder of 20 acres and all occupiers rated at £12 and upwards, the county franchise will be largely extended. But in this direction, also, the ultimate result cannot at present be calcu lated. , We are told that in Wales the extension of the country franchise will.actually, under existing circumstances, increase the power of the Tory landlords, by extending the area over which their influence will be paramount. How far the same rule will apply to English counties cannot be estimated. In the purely agricultural districts, little change can be- expected. In some with a more mixed population, Liberal principles will be strengthened by the votes of the £12 occupiers; in a few they will be coun teracted by Lord Cairns's minority clause; in others, they will be weakened by the counties being gutted of their urban element. Mr. Disraeli's theory, partially carried out by the Reform Aot, is to create a stronger line of demarcation between town and country inte rests—a party device of which the, political benefits are very problematical; Thus the more carefully we endeavor to analyse the probable results of the Reform Act of 1867, the more doubtful will appear the ultimate outcome. The data are not reliable, and the . deductions are therefore mainly speculative. Mr. Disraeli and, his right hand, Mr. Spofforth, have doubtless counted noses, and so adjusted the machinery of our new system of representation that the , Tories will not, acording to their own estimate, greatly lose, nor the Opposition largely gain. But happily, it is not a question, of arithmetical nicety. Call the Government Bill what you may—a democratic measure or a scheme for letting in the 'residum'—it is certainly a plan of Reform that , will more , faithfully than has heretofore heenthe case, reflect by constitu tional means the national will, whatever that will may be. It is the force of opiOnion as ex pressed by the preponderating boroughs, what ever the machinery through which it finds ex pression, ^that will bear rule in the Legislature. Apd_ that moral power, now comprehended within the constitution, if .Reformers in Church and State use their opportunities, will inevitably he cast on the side of progress. The motive power, if it is wisely andperseveringly directed, will amply suffice to carry large reforms." . Though the Lords have passed a Democratic Reform Bill, they remain true to their Tory instincts. Towards the close of last month, as you are aware, they threw out the Bill for the abolition of theological tests in the two Univer sities by a majority of 28, though it had been carried through the Commons by large votes. On the 8th they farther vindicated their repu tation as an obstructive assembly by rejecting the Church Rates Abolition Bill, which had also been safely piloted through the Lower House. A few days after this feat Mr. Gladstone- gave notice that he should next session introduce a Bill for the compulsory abolition of Church Rates, and it is highly probable that the year 1868 will witness the final extinction of this im post. Another question of an ecclesiastical nature has met with asingydarfate. The Lords sent down a Bill for the increase of the Epis copate, which provided for an addition of three Bishops to the present staff. In the Commons, where sympathy with the Episcopal Bench is by no means a failing, the Bill was sadly mauled. All the clauses leaving it open for the new Bishops to receive aid from the funds of the. Eccle siastical Commission were mercilessly expunged, and with the assent of Sir Roundell Palmer and Mr. Gladstone, it was decided that .these new prelates should not take their turn with their brethren to a seat in the Lords, but that they should be entirely excluded. There was great consternation amongst the lawn sleeves at this daring innovation. When the Bill reappeared in its altered form in the Upper House, Lord Derby was the first to pro test against these revolutionary of changes, and he was backed up by the Primate and the Bishop of Oxford. The amendments were rejected by their Lordships, and the Bill consequently fell throuDfh. 