TOPICS OF THE DAY. The proceeds of the Primitive Methodist Bazaar amounted to £13C 8s. 3d., nearly £100 worth of goods remaining unsold. It appears by a notice on the Exchange that the Telegraph Station, Meredith, Victoria, is now open for Uie dispatch of public busine?a. We observe by the Melbourne stock reports that at Redbaok. in «Jueeti?lamt, about 50,000 cattle, or 500,000 fat tifaeep are boiled down annually. The following notice was posted outside the Telegraph Office on Saturday:—"On Ea'iter Monday tbe South Australian Telegraph Offices will lie closed between 10 a.m. aud C p.m." There is to foe a mouth's interchange of preachers between tbe Unitarian Churches of Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. The Bey. J. {Pillars is to go from Sydney to Melbourne ; the Rev. H. Bigginson, of Melbourne, is to visit Adelaide; and the Key. J. C Wood* is to go from Adelaide to Melbourne. On Saturday evening the Tlieatre was very well attended. The |<erforuiances com menced witli Bulwer'fl five-act play of '■ Ilichelieu." Mr. O*Bri<m took the character of Itfchelien rerj well indent, although in swuc scenes be rather overdid the |«art- Nn Jackson appeared as Julie, aed went through tbe character with ber accustomed skill. Tbe re maining characters were well |wrformed, and the piece {Kissed off with considetaulie success, and amidst lood auilause. A eouuc ballet, tbe "Ghost of the Village," in which theprincipal feature was the dancing try Mm Woods, Mr. Edouin, and Miss Kail, concluded the entertain ment. On Good Friday a private picnic took place at Brownhill "Cruek- About 28 young ladies and giutleuien left town in an omnibus shortly aftet 9 o'clock, and arrived at Ur- sput chosen for the day's pleasure after about an hour's ride. A must aluple supply of edibles wad partaken of by those fxeoent at dinner time, anil the remainder of the day was 8)W-i.t if the party in pleasure of various lands, either ran kling about the bills and alung the creek, or indulging in other amusements as suited tbeir incunatiuii. The party retained to town about <# o'clock iv the evening. S*-\vi *l other private picnic parties were also held aluog the creek. The weather was delightful for the occasion. On Wednesday afternoon last a little >^iii aged six years, a daughter of Mr. X Kidman, of Middletou, was returning from school in emu uauy with some other schoolfellows, the whole of tlie children being playing together. Duiing th« |>mgrms of the fun, one of liietu gave little Jlias IU-duiau au unfortunate push forward*, the child falling heivily and breaking one of her anus. Dr. Tollman was sent for immediately aud ivduefd the fracture, aud we are glad iv say the |*oor little thing is doing pretty well. This is tie second accident of a suuilar nature that has liefaUeu one of Mr. Redman's family withiu the last H ■noutbs-^ano'ther little daughter having broken ber arm by falling while swinging ou a fence in July last.— HoMtlicru Aram. Au accident, nearly attended with fatal consequences, hapjteued on Saturday at Port Adelaide. A tuan in the employ of Mr. Barnes, coach-proprietor, was driving a horse and cart, and tntendiug to wash the horse's feet, drove into the river near the Peninsula Bridge. Un fortunately, he miscalculated the depth of water, aud the current running very strong, the horse was taken off bis feet, and the cart sunk in deep water, carrying down with it both home and man. Mr. B. Germain, who happened to be in his cutter a. little dis tance off, observing the occurrence, immediately jumped into his dingy and succeeded in catching hold of the poor fellow by tbe hair as he was disappearing for tbe third and last time, thus adding another to the uiany instances in which this gallant man has by his own courage and skill, been the means of saving human life. As an indication of Mt Uermain's proup titude and presence of mind, we may mention that finding when he leaped into his dingy there were no oars in her, be tore op a plank from the inside of the boat and used it as a scuffing oar. The sinking man on being pulled oat of the water was apparently dead, bat being carried to GoMsworthy's Hotel, Dr. Getting immediately attended, and successfully resuscitate! the poor fellow. For more than half an hour the proper remedies for restoring the apparently drowned was resorted to before any sign of life began to appear. The horse, a valuable one, belonging to Mr. Eames. was drowned. The services attendant upon the anni versary of tbe Sooth AAJ.i^ Westeyan Sun day-School Union were commenced in the Pirie street, Church, on Sunday, April 2L In the morning the Key. J. O. Millard officiated, and selected as tbe subject of bis remarks a. portion of the 4th verse of the 15th chapter of Ist Corin thians—'" He rose again from the dead, accord ing to tite Scriptures." Tbe Bey. Mr. Millard treated the death of Christ under three beads, firstly, as a prophetical subject; secondly, as an historical fact; and thirdly, as a doctrinal truth. He «ifl?f/?il upon the reaunection of Clirist as a pledge and earnest of the happiness to be participated in hereafter by the believer. The Bey. Alfred Bigg excellently addressed a very large assemblage of children together with their friends and parents in tbe afternoon ; and in the evening tbe Rev. John Watsford con ducted Divine Worship, when tbe spacious edifice was crowded to excess. At the other services the congregations were large. Tbe rev. gentleman based bis discourse upon tbe parable of tbe lost sbopp, contained ta Luke, 15th chapter, 4th, Oth,6th, and 7th venea. The divisions of his sabjeet w«re the saner lost, sought for, and found. He depicted the wretched condition of nun without God indie world, pointed out how that Jesus was ever in terceding on the sinner's behalf, and referred in glowing terms to tine joy in. Heaven of one sinner repenting. In conclusion, be urged all present to dose in with the offers of mercy ens it was too late. A |irayer meeting was subse quently held, and was very uaiuetxHuly Atten ded. A collection was made after each service. On Saturday evening Mr. and Mrs. <ieo. Case gave their entertainment at White's Rooms before a luge audience with great suc cess. Tbe first part of the |irograuime was en tirely cew, and very ?Min«in.r The mother-in law, a slightly overdone character, was well re ceived. Then followed die caterei|for parties, John Mangles tbe Decorator, the Prima Doom, and several minor characters, in all of which Mrs. Case exhibited ber amazing versatility, and the rapidity with which she executes her nu merous transformations. Tbe gem of tbe eve ning, however, wastherepreseotabion of the Aus tralian development of servantgalism in tbe ]<er son of Miss PotytheiaiaScroggins. Thischaracter was very natural; we can remember incidents parallel to tie most extravagant portions of Miss Scroggiua'3 negotiations for a situation. The audience were in roars of laughter aa she explained the little she would do, all she would not do, or permit to be dune, her opinions of masters and mistresses, and ber former e-i- | nerieneeg; and not the least diverting part of the dialogue was the accuracy with wbicn colonial and diggings expressions fell from the lips of this interesting young lady. The second part of the programme has been produced before in Adelaide, but it will bear many repetitions. Mrs. Case was in excellent voice, and we have never heard her to greater advantage than on j Saturday eveuing as Sims Beeves ringing "The Death of Nelson." This was encored, and Mrs. Case then gave "My Pretty Jane." That amusing production, "The German Band" also received a well-deserved encore. Mr. Case's performances ou the concertina and violin were a rich musical treat, and were rewarded with vociferous applause, the talented musician cour teously complying with the calls for repetitions of the beautiful airs and comic variations with which he delighted the audience. The pro gramme will be repeated this evening. On Thursday night a service was held in the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, in connection with the induction of the Bey. James Henderson as pastor of the congregation. The church was filled in every part, and amongst those preseut wore noticed many friend* from the metropolis. The Presbytery of South Ams tralia were present, and being constituted, pro ceeded with the business of tbe meeting. The first part of the proceedings consisted of calling for the return of the edict which bad been read on the two preceding Sabbaths. This was read by the Clerk of tbe Presbytery, as directed by the rules cf tbe Church, and no objections having been offered, the Bey. Mr. Andenon,.of Stxatbalbyn, entered (fee pulpit, and preached an earnest and peculiarly suitable discourse from the words in tbe Acts of tbe Apostles. "Send men to Joppa and call for Simon whose surname is Peter, who shall tell thee words whereby thou and all thy bouse may be saved." At the dose of the djaeounefceealkdapMi the Bey. Mr. Henderson to atand up, and having put to him the usual questions of tbe Presby terian f annul*, and they having been answered satisfactorily, Mr. Anderson offered up •otemn prayer, nrrtinr; apart Mr. Henderson as pastor of the church, and invoking the Divine Messing upon the pastor and tbe people. Thereafter tie rigbtband of fellowship was given to Mr. Henderson by all tbe members of the Presbytery, in otder of seniority. This eeresnony having concluded, the ?cv. Mr. liyaU, of Adelaide, ascended the pulpit and delivered an address to the newly-appointed minister full of Christian affection and marked by uaneb vigor uf thought and utterance. The Bey. Mr. Roddick, «jf Mount Pleasant, followed with a pointed address to the people on their duties «o their ministers. The entire services were of an impressive and deeply interesting character. Mr. Henderson euten upon the duties of tbe na.ston.Uof tbe Port Adelaide Church with tbe best wishes of aseemmgly widecircWof frieoda. The railway authorities very considerately acceded to a request to delay (be last train to Adelaide for ban an hour. Tbe citizens visiting were tbas enabled to reach their homes in Adelaide tbe same night. AnotheblFbagmeht.— * • ♦ she stands in tbe eilrer laoonligiit, clotbed iv determination and an <>icdlent doth uuutit-. *' Tiiat traitor!" «be wildly gasps. ** shall n«w fed tbe torrent of my wrath f Wlieu lo ! the loirering doud on her brow is dissolve*, the angry form disappears; she BrnOes—a losing smile! What makes the cbaaget Si* has lieard kix voice, chanting in lucUiflaooe toaes, a hea.utifal song, tbe burden wfcereof is—" Pad dle Your Own Canoe." What human heart can resist such an appeal? "My own one T is all ebe cau lo\iugly cry, and Uurowi henelf wt« Ui« willing embrace. T%en, wtile supported by A«? anus lier lovJy he"! mstiag ou *«? tluulder, she softly uiitriuura "Etctod my heart will be found engraven the magic words of Uut noble Isrie •' FaDimx YoJ'R O«tk Caxot,"' with tbe addiUotial iofonuatiou that it is obtainable from C Platts, E. S. Wigg, S. Marshall, and O H. Egrejiont- Gee, ltnsic-««eUers, Adelaide, at a comparatively trifling cost. Let us leave them, my readers, in tbe full enjoyment of their bliss, and at o?ix purrhat THE SOKG !—From an unpublished novel. " Itd grax-ia," by Su- E. E. L. L. B-I^w-r 