" .VIOTOBLÀ. ..' "We cave Melbourn» papen to the 26th. Th» fi lowing extracta are from the Ago : A shocking accident happened to Mr. W, H. Ro draper, and, formerly Mayor of Oaptlemalne, at t pigeon «htoting mutch, Barker's Creek, on Wednesdf Mr. Ros« was firing off a oharge, when the gun e ploded, blowing away to a distance of many yards t I forefinger of bia left hand, , and so shattering the I j maining fingers that the mutilated mas was acaree I recognisable. Worse still to relate, a> piece of tt splintered' gun barrel struck him on the right temp] inflicting.a dreadful wound of tome, three quartern i an inob in dismster. With the mc praiseworthy .promptitude, Mr. Halford and Al Dickinna obtained a buggy, and brought t] injured man into town, and ab ooce obtained tl surgical aid of Br. Mackay, who advised iaslant r ruo val io tho hospital. Ur. Mackay proceeded wi tb tl party to the institution, when, in consultation with D Al'Grath, the residout surgeon, it wa< found doairab to amputate what remained of.the left hand, which wi completely split up the middle from toe wrist, tt handing thumb alone defining its former shape. Tl operation wai performed under the infliienoe of ohlor form and waa quite auccessfal. The most dangero feature of the case however, ls the head wound, whit presents a frightful appearance. The utmost quio neaa'isenjoined, and nobody is permitted under sr pretext to vUit the patient. From inquiries made i the hospital we learn that Mr. Boss appears to be prc grossing favourably. " Itisextremely diffioult to acoout for tbe accident," observes the Haily News. " The ga waa of , superior make, a doable- barrelled weapon i Dougall'*, and coat tliiity guineal. Both birre exploded, one was picked up at a diitanoe of savent feet from tbe scene of tbe acoidont, a portion of th other somewhat oearer. The wrenched out breec end of one, about four inohea in length, wai found fi ft yarda off. Opon none of these waa there any appeal ance of blood, and the pieoe that initiated the tempi wonnd hal not bees discovered, lt is supposed tne Mr. Ross moat have put in a doable charge, leaving vacuum botween the two, and that possibly ia pallia onetrigger bis finger slipped to the seaond. The lei eye is entirely destroyed, and portions of the skull bon wero found, sticking to th« outer membraoe of tb brain. It will give -us unfeigned pleasure to li able, ia oar. next issue, to repart favourably of th aaa." , , A very extraordinary oase came before the Eqult; Oeurt yesterday, when an application was mada ta it Toke letters'of administration granted to Emma Ha* kins for the diapost! of the gooda of Thomas Carrol deceased, late of Ballaarat. . Tbis woman représentai herself as the wifo of Carroll, and by a olevarlj prepared affidavit she blinded the eyea of tho judge and obtained the rule for administration. Carroll' le^al wife has turned' np, and inquiries instituted o her part havo elioited that Carroll and the woma Hawkins lived together fora time at Ballaarat ar» elsewhere, as man and wife. Mrs, Hawkins atated it ber affidavit, whoa .she applied for administration, tba1 she waa married to Carroll, in New South Wales, ii the year 1858; but Mrs. Carroll's agents there foam that such a marriage had never been solemniaec and that tbe clergyman represented to baie per'ormei it did not exist. The sase ia altogether a complet fraud. Mrs. Hawkins disposed of a great part of th property, and then lett Ballaarat. Ber whereabout cannot now bo ascertained, and Mrs. Carroll is there fora unable to serve her with notice of the presea application. Mr. G,asey applied to his Honor Jurjgi Molesworth yesterday for a rule nisi to revoko che letters ef administration to Mrs. Hawkins, and fo leave to serve notice upon her by advertisement. Hil Honor said he would take time tooonaider the matter. What seems to be another interesting rsmanseo: crime is thus notioed in the Police Q-ata te :-Infor mation is requested respeoting Mrs. Frances Elisabeth Brown, maiden name Thurlow, last beard of at Barnej Downs Station, near Tenterfield, in Maroh, 18G5, when she wai tben living with a yoong man who manatee the name of Hyam, bat whose proper name is Wiliiaa Bond, a stepson . of the editor of tbe Grafton news paper. Mr«. Brown is about twenty-oino years of age five feat four inohea bigb, black luir, brown eyes, dark completion, and large mooth.'' Dr. Youl resumed the io quest, yesterday, into tbi cause of death of Mrs. Bellemey, alias Barnett, at Wea Melbourne, on' the'3rd instant. Mr. F. L. Smith, in structed by Mr. J. 8. Mills,' eolicitor, appeared, a: before, for Mr. Bellemey, alias Barnett, the husband ol the deceased. Deteotive Duncan watohed tho'Oise foi the police. Mr. Johnson, the analyst, deposed to bar ¡ne examini d, in conjunction with Mr Keene, the portions of the body, removed on the exhumation, one finding antimony in must ot' them Miss Rudd daughter of the landlady of the house ii Collins-Btreet ia which the deceased and her husband resided for same time waa recalled, and deposed that Hrs, Bellemej used to take tartar emetio daily to re-act on the brand; which she consumed. It was her mother's reading, ii last 'Saturday, night, Dr. Girdlestonu's evidence iron the newspaper, in whiob ''tartar lemetio wan meit tinned, that brought to her mind that the deceased usec to have a little bottle labelled tartar emetic. The var diot fouud was that death had resulted from poisoning by antimony, but that there was noevidenoe to show bi whom administered. The prisoner waa discharged by tbe ooroner, bnt immediately after re-arrested bj detectives Duncan and Barnfield. The publio meeting aonvened for the expression o'. publia opinion in support of the Ministry, and in con- demnation ot tbe notion talton by the legislative . Council in rejecting thc Appropriation Bill, wa« a greal ruocesi. St, George's Hall was filled to overflowing and tho shoats of applause with whiob the sentiments ot the speakers were received who addressed tbs meeting attracted a great crowd outside. While-Mr Montgomery was at the Tseatre Royal en so ting thc parc of Sir Giles Overreaoh to an audience who dis, played, in . a most boisterous manner, their appre- ciation of his talent, there wai a much largei audience next door, who still more markedly manlfes'ed their ' appreciation of the part ol political Sir Giles Ovcrreaob, played by thc Connoil. The resolutions submitted were framed tc indicate molt dearly the view taken by the people with regard to the power of rejection of money bills by the Council, as well aa their combined appreciation of the services rendered to the colony by Sir Charle» Darling. Tho chair was taken by Mr. Crews, and Messrs. Balfour and G. P. Smith, M.L.A.'« delivered tbe most effective speeches of the evening. The resolutions wore all carried. An attempt was made by Mr. Murray Smith and another to interrupt the proceedings, bat it did nut succeed, and an amendment against the first re- solution waa negatived by immense numbers. It ia in- tended to-day to present the resolutions to bis Excel leaov, and thia plan should be followed with the re- solutions adopted at every publio meeting assembling in support ot the Ministry. JSxTBAOBMNAEV DlRCLOSUKRS BT A GlMV.-OnO of the most remarkable instances of physical endurance on the patt of a child, which has perhaps ever been dis- closed, was brought under the notice of- Mr. Sturt, at the City Polioe Court, yesterday. A gentleman named Mr. b'tnnncr Staut,.made aa application to the magistrates regarding a little girl who accompanied bim. He stated that, on the previons eveuing, ho was attending service at St. James's Churob, when the girl enterad his pew, During the prater tho Biri knelt down and commonood crying. He asked her what was the matter, and she atated abe bad no homo, and was without friend«, On - ques- tioning her farther, Bbe told him that she had been descrtod by bor father at Daylesford, and that she bad ' afterwards wulked all the way to Mel- bourne, Mr. Stout brought tho matter nndor the notice of tho Rev. Mr. Beecher, and they prooured a bed for her for tbe night. Ha now asked Mr. Stnrt whether the girl could not ho Beut to tho Induatrial School..' -Tbe girl, who stated that ber nome was Annie Little, 'was placed upon a chair to enable Mr. Sturt to question her. Bbc appeared a oltanly ohild, arid had an intelligent face. She was dresied in a red merino frock, and wore - a straw hat, Hor hair waa dono up in a net, but on removing ber hat it was seen that the bair hud been out quite aloso to tho hoad, and I this she afterwaids explained had been done by her father. Mr. Sturt carefully quos tioood ber, and as ter ttatement was of such, an extraordinary character, ba Bovoral times cautioned her, but she ueraUted. that the iras speaking the truth, and rigidly odhe'ed'.iöjtier narrative. Bbe st »ted that ber fatberbadjlived near y Daylesford before he deserted her. Tb'ey'ocôàpiéd_á tent mode of stuff like ber cape,- .. (The oipe was made of .coaise.cal'co.) It took about a day 'to go from the tent to, Daylesford , and baok. ! lier father, made brooms, but when begot any money he spent' it iii' drink, . No one lived near them but a w.oman named.Brownson. Her mother.was dead. The mother' ba'd'died before ' her father deserted bor. One day her father was drunk and he struck ber mother on tho headwith a stick. Her mother told her and ' her' sister, ' ' that, that if she died . their father had! been the ..cause 'of it. 'Her mother 'dieri the next day,' and , her i Mber buried her in . a box' near th» tent. Dog» came to the spot-in the'night, and she used to baye to beat them off-witb a stink. Her father afterwards took np'the box'and baried her mother in another place.' She did not know where. A long time aft» thia her sister also died.* . Her father used to go to airs. Brownton and get money, and come borne drunk. Oue day when he was drunk'be out all her hair off. After that be left ber and she came to Melbourne She had been in Melbourne a fortnight, but could nit say how long a fortnight was;* Sba followed the wires (supposed to be the telegraph' wires) until she oame to Melbourne. 'Some" ' people . had given her brsad and some bad given ber' money; ' One woman washed her ' frock' and apron. Since she came to Melbourne Bbe* had slept in ' the cemetery. Mr. Sturt: "Tn thd cemetery ¡ why were you not frightened of ghosts ?" Witness : " I never beard of them things." Slie'eont'-nued'to say that she had,left the Cemetery because the men threatened to Bead her to prison if she came there'again. She afterwards, slept in " the Exhioition.1' ' dome one told her it was the Exhibition." She went in 'the charch to be out ol the rain. Since ber father left her she, had. never seen him and did not know where he had gone. Sbe saw him strike her mother with the stick. There were' lots.- of trees where- they lived. She was cert tin it was near- Daylesford. After oroBS-questioning her for-some time, and failing to shake ber statemeot in any-respect.-Mr. Start said ba woald sand'her to-the Immigrants' . lloma for the present, whero Bbs would be-cleaned-and oared fjr, until he had time to- receive on answer from Dayle», ford. Ile would pay-for any olothes she required, and see that she was welt ? treateJ.- . Tho girl thanked Mr. Sturt and expressed ber wiilingnoBs to-do any work if she oould get it to do. She was afterwords sent to the Home, and will remain there until the polio» have bad time to inquire into the truth of ber disclosures. Extraordinary as it may appear, she spoke with suoh apparent truth th it it ts bard-to think- that one so young could have invented the wh»le affair. If it should prove true in- the main -points, who can tell but that another hor ibis and hitherto bidden crime will be brought to light? Daylesford is eminently noted for similar mysteries.-Age, August 2?. 