LYSTER'S OPtiBA. The first of the many new pieces which we have been promised this season is likely to become a favourite. On Tuesday night it was repeated to an pvfn more hrilliant housp than thnt which ffave it its nrst welcome on Saturday. The perfcrmers ail availed themselves to the utmost of the ample scope given to their talents, musical and dramatic The choruses were truly magnificent, and the effect they produced will be long remembered by all who felt it. The audience was gracious to enthusiasm, and the applause both frequent and liberal. The two peat songs of the piece, Mr. Squires's 'I love thee,' and Mr. De Haga's 'When time hath bereft thee.' were encored, but the artists con tented themselves with a passive acknowledgment of the compliment. They both richly deserved even more praiBe than they receiveJ, for their singing in these two very difficult passages was almost perfect. Mr. De Haga had quite overcome any symptom of over-exertion he showed on Saturday, though it is evident from his physi cal appearance that he has not yet re covered his full strength and vigour. The grand masquerade scene was ruined as before by the intrusion of a ballet divcrtisxmtnt, which | might hive been witnessed with pleasure at any other time than just before the denouement of a very exciting operatic drama. How would Mr. Lyster like to see the Christy Minstrels introduced for the sake of variety into the ghost scene in Hamlet? Against the Leopold Troupe, as artiste, we have no wish to say anything harsh. Indi vidually they danced well, and the house repeatedly applauded them; but the mas. querade scene itself was allowed to end in something worse than silence. It would have been not only more appropriate but much more effective had the Leopold Troupe simply joined in the masquerade with the rest of the company. That was what it had to come to at last, and then was seen the grotesque spectacle of pantaloons, Chinamen, and infant prodgies bobbing around with a group of courtiers. As for the nigger with the broken umbrella— bah! why did he not bring the dancing bear, the prize pig, Sairey Gamp, and a few more of his relatives along with him? Had the nigger been kicked out, the infant prodigies sent to bed, and the Leopold Troupe dressed like the other masqueraders, there might have been a really grand masquerade scene. Putting aside the fifth act entirely, every one will admit that '* Gustavus III.' is a first-rate opera, and last night's representation a ereat success. Supreme Cooult.— The Chief Justice and Mr. rus;i t! Wearing sat in Banco on Tuesday, October [. Ju.^ment was delivered in Sowton v. Drew. lisdur&ng; the rule nut. Bules nisi for new trials rere discharged also in the cases of Moran v. ipence and Another and Oertel v. Dienhoff. several other matters * ere argued and disposed of, mJ the Court adjourned till this isoming, when irgumehts will be heard on motions hr new trials. C»oet of Issolvesct.— Six cases-two first, ine final, and three adjourned final hearings — ;ame before the Court of Insolvency on Tuesday. Jctober 8. In the case of S. Small the insolvent was awarded a second-class certificate, w.th. sis months' suspension. In the matters of T. 11. Ihwaites and Peter Brady nothing was done. Iu the case of M. B. Lock the insolvent received a Fecond-cla3s certificate, with three years' suspen sion. In that of J. Beincke the insolvent was adjudged a third-class certificate. In that of Caroline Carleton, the insolvent was again absent, aud the Official Assignee was empowered to issue a warrant for her arrest if he thought proper. Adelaide Policb Couac-On Tuesday, Oc tober 8, the sitting was a protracted one, and the cases presented more than usual variety. Among the inflictions were two of i-5i each for reckless driving; £G for the infringement of the regula tions by a licensed victualler; 35*. by absentee volunteers; $U 6d. by the defendant in a case of alleged wife- desertion; 37s. by the driver of a licensed vehicle for plying otherwise than accord ing to the regulations ; and £i Its. by the owner of an unregistered dog. A New Dam fob the Tobuens.— A subscription list has been opened for the erection of a stone dam in the Torrens iu place of the wooden dam washed away by the recent flood. Copies of the list will be found at the Banks and also at this o'.fice. Pairing-off.— On Tuesday afternoon, October P. the following members paired off on Mr. Bright's motion for an additional polling-place at Alma Plains, iu the District of Stanley, Hundred of Dalkey :— Mr. Bright for, and Mr. Carr against. Boxded Warehouses is Adelaide.— The establishment of banded warehouses in the city has necessitated some changes in the Customs Department at the Port. Mr. E. Conway, assessor and jerquer. is appointed sub-collector, ware housekeeper, and gauger; and Hr. B. M. litchfield cleric and assistant. The Accidest at the Post.— We have been requested by Mr. William G. Davis, late of the Lefcvre's Peninsula Waterworks, to state that he is not the person who was in company with Frank Fletcher, whose leg was broken at the Port on Sunday last The William Davis alluded to is a srael ter residing at the Port. Caoasisa the Torrexs.— Our attention haa been called to the great necessity which is felt by persons resident at North Adelaide who have busi ness in town for providing means of crossing the Torrens at or near the Old Ford, the stones which were placed there having been washed away by the aldinga.— A. correspondent informs us that on Thursday, October 3. about 40 of the inhabitants of Aldinga congregated together on Loud' a Hill with about a dozen teams of bullocks, and went to work with a will to erect a monster pile of wood, to be lit on the evening of H.K.H. the Duke of Edinburgh's arrival. A grand picnic will follow, under the superintendence of Messrs. Stewart, Loud, Pethick, and Shepherd. South Australian Baptist Association.— The annual meetings of the South Australian Baptist Association commenced in the Flinders street Church on Tuesday, October 8. In the morning the ministers assembled for prayer and conference. In the evening special designation services were held in celebration of the settlement of the Rev. W. O. Ashton as a minister connected with the Association. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. The meeting of the Association will be continued to-day. Bentham-street Chapel.— On Tuesday even- ing, October 8, a public tea meeting was held in connection with the anniversary of the Bentham street Chapel. About 150 persons sat down to tea. At half-past 7 a lecture was delivered by Mr. Henry Hussey on 'The Rulers of this World.' There was a very fair attendance, and the lecture was listened to with great attention by the audience. The proceedings terminated with sing- ing a hymn. Presentation to Mr. Stanford Chapman.— On Monday evening, October 7, a very pleasing testimonial was given to Mr. Stanford Chapman, who is on the point of leaving for Melbourne to assist in the charge of Messrs. Virgoe & Son's business, with which he has been for a considerable time connected as a partner in Adelaide, by the members of the Bible Class associated with the North Adelaide Congregational Church, who have been under his tuition for some years. The presentation consisted of a valuable silver ink stand, a number of choice books, and a neatly prepared address. They were handed over by Mr. Forsaith in a few appropriate words, to which Mr. Chapman feelingly replied, explaining that he had not had the slightest idea that such an evidence of the regard of the Class would be given him. A pleasant hour or two was then spent in conversation, and mutual expressions of regret at the approaching parting were exchanged. The Germans' Address to His Royal High- ness.— On Tuesday we were shown the case in which the address of the Germans to H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh is intended to be preserved after presentation to him on the occasion of the torchlight demonstration. It consists of an imita- tion of a flaming torch made of rope in blackwood, inlaid with 32 different species of colonial woods, furnished by Dr. Schomburgk. It is nearly three feet in length, and the portion which is carved and gilt to resemble the flame unscrews, and the address will be deposited in the interior. The article is the workmanship of Mr. Keinhardt, of Rundle-street. Cricket.— The usual monthly meeting of the City Commercial Cricket Club was held at the Norfolk Arms on Tuesday evening. After the usual business of the Club had beeu transacted, the question of the amalgamation of the above Club with the United Tradesmen's was discussed. A resolution was carried that the amalgamation be effected, in accordance with certain conditions stated at a previous meeting of both Clubs, held at the Red Lion. It now only remains for a general meeting of the two Clubs to be called to confirm the amalgamation, and transact general business connected with the united Clubs, which is to be styled ' The United Commercial Cricket Club.' Tipaba Reef.— The tfollowing letter from the Managers of the various Marine Insurance Com panies was handed to the Hon. the Treasurer on Tuesday:— 'Adelaide. October 7,1867. 'TrttlioTTnn the TpfA- Kiirer. Sir— We whose names are undersigned, repre sestipg the various Marine Insurance Companies in this colony, have again most respectfully to call your attention to the losses entailed upon us by the want of a good lighthouse on Tipara Keef. 'The Lightship being placed far within the points of danger acts more as a decoy than a beacon: and as it is a recognised fact that lights should be on or outside the points of danger, we would strongly urge upon you that some protec tion in the way we have indicated should be given to shipping, and bo !e3sen our losses. 'The recent accident to the Meander is the cause of our laying the matter before you again, and we trust that steps will be taken to give effect to our request. We have, &c.;, 'Edmusd W. Weight, for Universal Insurance Company. 'F. S. C. Driffield, for Adelaide Marine In surance Company. 'Percy Wells, for Australasian Insurance Company. ' Wm. Isbisteb, for Derwent and Tamar In surance Company. 'H. Cowie, for national Insurance Company. 'Heriot, Fcllabtos, & Co., for New Zealand Insurance Company. ' FL Scott, for Cornwall Inpurance Company. 'F. Clabk & Sosa, for Australian Alliance Assurance Company. 'J. Stilusq & Co, far Kew South Walalr- suraacoComaaDj.' 