WESLEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. The laying of the foundation-stone of the transept of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church, which it is intended to use for some time as a schoolroom, took place on Monday evening, October 7. The ceremony was commenced shortly after 5 o'clock by the Eev. S. Knight giving out the hymn, beginning " Behold the sure foundation laid," after which prayer was offered, and the | 84th Psalm was read by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson. The Eev. Mr. Knight then read the annexed address to Mrs. T. G-. Waterhouse, who subse quently kid the stone:— -" Marl am—The Trustees and Committee of Kent Town Wesleyan Church viewing the earnest and continuous interest that you have (in conjunction with our esteemed Mr. Water house) manifested in the progress and develop ment of this congregation, deem themselves under pleasing obligation to show some mark of their appreciation and esteem, both of the private virtues and public spirit, of which they have received many {tokens. They unitedly desire you to accept the accompanying trowel as a small expression of their respect and affection, and pray that the rich benediction of God may rest upon youand your household now and ever more. — With much respect we are, dear Madam, yours faithfully, (Signed for and on behalf of the Committee), " M. EXNGSBOBOUGH. ** W. KHODE&," After the stone had been duly adjusted, Mrs. Waterhouse was handed a most beautifully ■ made trowel, the workmanship of Me Wendt, bearing the following inscription:—" The Kent Town Wesleyan Church, Adelaide, to our much beloved and munificent friend, Mrs. T. G. Waterhouse, in commemoration of October 7, 1867." Mrs. Waterhouse having spread the mortar, declared the stone laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost Underneath the stone was placed a, bottle con taining copies of the Advertiser, Register, South Australian Wesltgan Magazine, Victorian Wes- Uyan Chronicle, the minutes of the last Wes leyan Conference, and a document of which the subjoined is a copy:— "The foundation-stone of the transept was laid by Mrs. T. G. Waterhouse on the 7th day of October, in the year of our Lord 1867, being the 30th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Dominick Daly being the Governor of the province ; the Rev. H. H. Gaud President of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference; the Rev. John Watsford being Chairman of the South Australian District; Revs. S. Knight and J. Y. Simpson," Ministers of the Third Adelaide Cir cuit; E. N. Gault and W. Rhodes, Esqrs., Circuit Stewards ; Messrs. Wright and Woods, architects; C. Pitman, contractor; and Messrs. Kingsborough, Rhodes, W. Clarke, Colton, Bilney, Watsford, Ballantyne, Gault, Goss, Padman, Sharland, andTapley, Trustees. The Rev. J. G. MillarD, on the ceremony being concluded, mounted the stone, and de livered a very excellent address. He remarked that he was exceedingly pleased to be with them on that occasion. Their undertaking had his most cordial sympathy. They had assem bled there to witness a very interesting cere- The Rev. J. G. MillaeD, on the ceremony being concluded, mounted the stone, and de livered a very excellent address. He remarked that he was exceedingly pleased to be with them on that occasion. Their undertaking had his most cordial sympathy. They had assem bled there to witness a very interesting cere mony—the laying of the second foundation stone of the Jubilee Church, and although the portion of which the stone would form a part might be used as a schoolroom, yet its walls em braced the transept section of that Church. If they thought of the important purpose for which the whole structure was being erected, and the utter inability of those who were in teresting themselves in the matter to accom plish their object, n?il"« God deigned to smile upon the effort, he felt certain it would be cal culated to cause them to feel their absolute un worthiness and dependence upon, the Almighty. The public sanctuary had been an important appendage to the Church eince the foundation of the world. Of it patriarchs had spoken and prophets prophesied, and God upon many occa sions had evinced His approval of it. That splendid pulpit orator, the Bey. Moiiey Punshon, recently, at the laying of a foundation stone of an edifice somewhere in the neighbor hood of London, very beautifully said that it would be a hall in which the loftiest sounds would be raised; the palace in which the King j of Heaven would hold His court; a hospital in which the sick of all moral and spiritual diseases would be healed by the balm of Gilead and the Physician of Souls; an asylum where men would be brought to their right iujtiHq and placed at the feet of Jesus. He was pleased to know that the portion of the structure which had been completed had been the scene of the ■ conversion of many. He trusted that the num ber would be continually increased. "And when on Zion's heights The hosts of God shall stand, May thousand thousands reign in light, That found salvation here." (Applause.) In allusion to the importance of Sunday schools, he stated that the kVesleyans, as a body, were always anxious to advance the in terests of education, but they were confident that no education was complete without it was permeated by religion, and therefore they thought it right that their children should be taught from Sabbath to Sabbath the truths of the Bible, rheir object in laying that founda tion-stone was twofold, the first being for the training ef their youth for a fair and beauteous immortality, and the second for divine wor ship. He trusted they would all give the un dertaking their most hearty support, and as a commencement, contribute largely that day. In conclusion, lie wished the Bey. Mr. Knight, and all connected with him, the greatest possible success, in the work which they had initiated. The National Anthem having been song by the Sunday-school children and the assemblage, which was very numerous, an adjournment was made to the church for tea, of which so many partook that there had to be several sittings. Later in the evening a public meeting was held, and the church was completely crowded. Mr. William Longbottoni presided. The pro ceedings having been commenced in the cus tomary manner, The Chairman made a few prefatory remarks. He craved the indulgence of the audience, for he was suffering from two unpleasant things— great nervousness and influenza; therefore, he hoped they would to his weaknesses be very kind, and to his faults a little blind. (A laugh.) In the words of one of their most illustrious members of Parliament, the Committee had had, in erecting the transept, an appreciativeand rigor ous eye to the future. (Laughter.) He hoped the undertaking would prove a great success, and that the Church would be blessed with unprecedented prosperity. (Applause.) Mr. M. KXNGSBOROCGH read the finanrial statement, from which it appeared that tbe trustees had borrowed £1,000 at 8 per cent., and £300 from the Loan Society without intetest. They had at the present time £185 to their credit in the Bank, thereby reducing the lia bility to £1,350. The tender which had been accepted for the transept amounted to £1,566, so that the total debt would be £2,888, which he trusted would, on the completion of the transept, be reduced to £1,768. The Rev. Arrngn Rigg then addressed the meeting. He felt a little more trepidation than usual, owing to the largeness of the attendance. The subject upon which he had to speak was '* The Mtlleninm." lie was a firmanddevout be liever in that period, and did they all implicitly rest their faith upon what God had said respect ing it, there would be no need for him to add anything, and then he would have but to speak upon the glory of the time when the knowledge of the Lord should cover the earth. Very strong presumptive evidence could be adduced in support of a belief in the inilleniuui, but Bishop Butler, in his " Analogy" in speaking of presumptive evidence, remarked that there was no branch of evidence which was so likely to be abused as that. The speaker proceeded to nlliufo in a veiy lucid manner to the cvi- j dence which existed that the millenium would ! form a. portion of the world's history. It might be asked how that subject bore upon that evening's service. All he could say was, that altbo-igh they could not see, perhaps, how their —comparatively speaking—insignificant labors in the cause of Christ tended to bring about the time when the earth should be filled with the glory of the Lord, yet God could gather all their little doings and bind them in one chain with which to connect the human race to His throne. He could not conclude without a glance at the nature of the millenium blessed ness, which he believed would consist in uni versal righteousness. At the present time more than nine-tenths of the misery was occasioned by sin. The rev. gentleman resumed his seat amid continued cheers. The Rev. John Watsfoed followed with a. short address. He said the topic upon which he had to spexk was "Earnestness and its Results." Earnest men were those who were now doing everything in the world; but with regard - to religion, people seemed to think that the colder and staffer they could be the better it was. Many suppose that when, a poor peni tent was seeking the Saviour he must do it in a very indifferent sort of manner, and on bis feeling a sense of forgiveness he must rejoice and do it very mildly ; and some supposed that when a man was trying to save people from going down to Hell he must do it as quietly as possible. He did not believe in anything of the kind. (Hear.) He felt convinced that if earnestness was required in anything it was in religion. He did not mean mere noise, but an earnest determination to secure the salvation of souls, and they should use all the means that lay in their power to achieve that end; and in doing so they would be doing no more than obeying the commands of their Master. He was certain that if ever a man made anything out in reli gion it was by earnest devotion. He would say to all, be resolute tn seeking the salvation of your souls. Be determined to be as holy as God can make you. He held that the moment a man was saved he ought to set to work to secure the salvation of others. If he knew anything of the Bible it would move him to wrest his fellows from the grasp of the deviL ' But if a Christian minister set to work to save others in a determined spirit, he must be pre pared to pay the penalty. There were many who would set him down as a fanatic, and there were those who would say of him as was said of Paul, that he was beside himself. John Foster once said that to achieve anything truly great in this world a man must work with such concen trativeness of purpose as to ordinary mortals would appear like madness. Earnestness was demanded of them as a Church, and by their principles as Methodists they should be so. Dr. Chalmers said that Methodism was Chris tianity in earnest. Their first preachers, to a. man, were earnest men, and they were degene rated sons of worthy sires if they were not in earnest too. If the day ever came when Metho dism was not synonymous with earnestness Methodism would give up the ghost. He be lieved in the system, if it were only worked. He was glad that they were gettingit worked, and that they had illustrations of earnest Methodism in South Ang<T?li* ; and he was pleased that their ministers were pushing it forward in that Circuit. (Hear.) He was glad, too, that it had been advancing in all parts of the colony. At the end of the year they would find that num bers had been converted, which was owing to the earnestness of the people, which God had blessed. (Prolonged applause.) Mr. John Colton, M.P., spoke upon the effects of church architecture upon the Church. After in a very *?Y«?n«*ni: manner upon the beneficial effect of churches upon tbe neighborhoods in which they were located, and the advantages attendant upon their being nicely ornamented, he concluded by appealing to the liberality of the audience on behalf of that parti cular church. The usual votes of thanks terminated a most interesting and pleasant meeting. The sum laid upon the stone, together with proceeds of the services on the preceding day, promises, &c;, amounted to about £330* 