CURIOUS WILLS. (From the' Court Circular.'} Souk who, in life, would not hare given a cup of water to a beggar, by their wills leave enormous sums to charities, to secure for themselves a kind of posthumous admiration. Others allow not their resentments to sleep with them in the grave, but leave behind them wills which excite the bitterest feelings and animosities among their surviving rela tives. Some wills are remarkable for their conciseness and perspicuity; others for their unprecedented shapes and curious contents. One man provides for a college, another for a church; one gives a legacy to provide bread and herrings for the poor in Lent, and bid gloves to the minister; while others provide for a bull-baiting, the welfare of maid ser vants, and the promotion of matrimony. John Hodge has kept his name out of oblivion by giving twenty shillings a year to a poor man to go about the parish church of Trysail during sermon time to keep people awake and dogs out of church. Henry Green, of Melbourne, Derbyshire, gave bis property for providing green waist coats for four poor women every year, such waistcoats to be lined with green galloon lace. In the same neighbourhood, and inspired by a similar feeling, Thomas Gray provided gray waistcoats and gray coats. John Nicholson, stationer, of London, was so attached to his family name, that the bulk of his property was given in charity for the support and maintenance of such poor per sons in England as should appear to be of the name of Nicholson. David Martinett, of Calcutta, while giving directions to his executor, says :—" As to this fulsome carcase, having already seen enough of worldly pomp, I desire nothing relative to it to be done only its being stowed away in my old green chest to save expenses." He then bequeathed to one man all the debts he owed, and to another his sincerity. A Lancashire gentleman, in the last cen tury, having given his body to the worms of the family vault, bequeathed an ounce of modesty to the authors of the 'London Journal' and ' Free Briton,' giving as his reasons for the smallness of the legacy, that he was " con vinced that an ounce will be found more than they'll make use of." Another testator, having stated at great length in bis will the number of obligations he was under, bequeathed to his benefactor ten thousand—herp the leaf turned over, and the legatee, turning to the other side, found that the legacy was ten thousand thanks. A testator, who evidently intended to thwart his relations and be a benefactor to the lawyers, gave to certain persons " as many acres of land as shall be found equal to the area enclosed by the centre of oscillation of the earth in a revolution round the sun, sup posing the mean distance of the sun twenty one thousand six hundred semi-diameters of the earth from it." An uncle left in his will eleven silver spoons to his nephew, adding, " If I have not left the dozen, he knows the reason." The fact was, the nephew had some little time ago stolen the twelfth spoon from his rela tive. Sir Joseph Jekyll left his fortune to pay the National Debt. When Lord Mansfield heard of this, he said : " Sir Joseph was a very good man and a good lawyer, but his bequest was a very foolish one; he might as well have attempted to stop the middle arch of Blackfriars Bridge with his full-bottomed wig !" Lord Pembroke gave "nothing to Lord Say, which legacy I give him because I know he will bestow on the poor;" and then, after giving equally peculiar legacies, he finished with " Item, I give up the ghost." Dean Swift's character is exemplified in bis will. Among other things bequeathed to Mr. John Grattan, of Clommothan, a silver box, "in which I desire the said John to keep the tobacco he usually cheweth called pigtail." The celebrated Sarah, Duchess of Marlbo rough, left Pitt £10,000, for " the noble defence he had made for the support of the laws of England, and to prevent the ruin of bis country." A similar bequest was not long since made to Mr. Disraeli. Bacon left a will appointing six executors, bnt no property except his name and memory, which he bequeathed to " men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations, and the next age." Ghatterton's will was a strange one, con sisting of a mixture of levity, bitter satire, and actual despair, announcing a purpose of self-destruction. Others wrote their wills in verse, and, as a specimen, we will give that of William Jacket, of the parish of Islington, which was proved in 1787, when no witnesses were re quired to a will of personal estate :— I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my two loving sisters so dear The whole of my store, Which God'a goodness has granted me here. And that none may prevent, This my will and intent, Or occasion the least of law racket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm, sign, and seal, This the act and deed of Will Jacket. Some wills contain a kind of autobio graphy of the testator, as well as thoughts and opinions. Such was the will of Napo leon, which gave a handsome legacy to Chantillon " who had as mnch right to as sassinate that oligarchist, the Duke of Wel lington, as the latter had to send me to perish on the rock at St. Helena." Such also was Sir William Petty's, which states, with a certain amount of self-pride, that" at the fall age of fifteen, I had ob tained the Latin, French, and Greek tongues," and at twenty years of age, " had gotten up three score pounds with as mnch mathematics as any of my age were known to have." A Railway Adventure.—A young lady was put into a train alone to go to London. As the train was on the point of starting a gentleman rushed up and got in. At this her friends, who were seeing ber off, were rather annoyed, but thought it did. not much signify. Shortly after the train had started, the gentleman jumped up and exclaimed, " This carriage is too heavy, and must be lightened," and straightway his carpet bag disappeared out of the window. He sits still a few minutes, when he begins again, and this time his coat and waistcoat follow his bag. After a little while he said " Let us pray for the Duke of Gloucester." Down they go on their knees, the poor girl, only 17, too frightened to do anything bat obey. When that was done they prayed for the Duke of York and then for another—in fact, through a whole string of dukes; they then sit down, the young lady frightened out of j her senses. After a few minutes he begins again—" It won't do, I can't stand it; the train is too heavy, either you or I must get out; I don't want to, so you must go." The girl in despair says, " but we have not prayed for the Duke of Northumberland." " Ah ! no more we have." Down they go again on their knees, when luckily the train stopped at a station and the young lady called the guard, when it was discovered that the gen tleman was a lunatic escaped from Hanwell. 