MISCELLANEOUS. AN HOTPL BILL IN BBAZIL,-Speaking of those prodigou9 Portuguese pennies reminds me that it takes 1,000 reis (pronounced rays) to make a dollar, and that all financial affairs are jnade out in reis. We did not know this until alter we hadtfound it out, and we found it out through Blucher. Blucher said he) was so happy and so grateful to be on solid land .once more, that he wanted to give a feast said he had heard it was a cheap land, and he was bound to haye a grand banquet. He .invited nine of us, and we ate an excellent jdinneu at the principal hotel. In the midst of 4he jollity produced by good cigars, good wine and passable anecdotes, the landlord presented his bill. Blucher glanced at it and his coun tenance fell. He took another look to assure jhimself that his senses had not deceived him, and tjpen read the items aloud, in a faltering .voice, while the roses in his cheek turned to .ashes.-*-" Ten dinners at. 600 reis, 6,000 reis 1*' Ruin and desolation J * Twenty-five cigars, at 100 reis, 2,500 reis!' Oh my sainted mother! 4 Eleven bottles of wine, at 1,200 reis, 13,200 reis.' Be with us all ! Total, .21,700 reis! Great Caasar's ghost, there ain't (money enough in the ship to pay that bill. Go leave me to my misery, boys, I am a ruin sd community;" I think it was the blankest looking party I ever saw. Nobody could say a word. It was as if every soul had suddenly been stricken dumb. Wineglasses descended islowly to the table, their contents untasted. Cigars dropped unnoted from nerveless fingers. Each man sought hia neighbour's eye, but found in it no ray of hope, no encouragement. At last the fearful silence was broken. The shadow of a desperate resolve settled down upon Blucher's countenance like a cloud and he rose up and said" Landlord this is a wretched mean swindle, and I'll never, never .stand it. Here is $150, Sir, and it's all you'll get -I'll swim in blood, Sir, before I'll pay a cent., more." Our spirits rose and the land lords fell-at least we thought so; he was con tused at any rate, notwithstanding he had pot understood a word that was said. He glanced from the little pile of gold pieces to Blucher several times and then went out. He ipust have visited an American, for when jh.e returned he brought back ;his bill trans fated into a language that a Christian could understand-thus-10 dinners, 6,000 reis, or ; 25 cigars, 2,500 reis, or $2,50c.; 11 bot tles of wine, 18,200 reis, or $13 20c.; total, 21,700 reis or $21 70c. t Happiness reigned jonce more in Blusher's dii ner party. More re freshments were ordered. A MAN OP Low EXTBACTION.-A cheap dentist. jL<QNa DRESSES.-Oliver Wendell Holms uses the following language in reference to a prevailing fashion" But confound the jnake-believe women we have turned loose on our streets: where do they corae from ? Not out of Boston parlour®, I trust. Why, there isn't a bird or a beast that would drag its -tail through the dirt the way these creatures 4o jtheir dresses. B^use a^u^en or duchess we.piB long dresseB on great occasions, a mud of-all-work or a factory gijrl thinks she must jmake herself a nuisance by trailing through the .streets, picking up and carrying about with her-bah ! that's what I call getting vulgarity into your bones and marrow. Show over dirt is the attribute of yulgar people. If any man can walk behind one of these women, and see what she rakes up as she goes, and not feel .squeamish, he has got a tough stomach. I would not lat one of them into my room without serving them $s David did Saul at the,cave in the wilderness- cut off her .skirts. Pon't tell me that a trae lady ever sacrifices the d$ty of keeping all about her sweet and cle$n, to t^e .wish of making a vulgar , show. I don't believe it of a Ijidy. .There are some things that no fashion ha? any right to touch, and cleanliness is one of these things. It is an insult to a respectable laun dress to .carry >such things into a house for her .io deal with." LEGAL JOKE.-A windy member o,f the. New South Wales bar, whose business it .was -in a case-to shake the evidence of the witnesses for the other side, once got neatly taken in by a wag of a fellow whom it was -desired to make appear to have been an old (Convict, and therefore quite unreliable as a .witness. Counsel, cross-ejcamining witness -u Now, Bir" tell the_court and jury what trade you follow," Witness, meekly-" Watch . .maker, sir." Counsel-" have you ever been ^n Pai^lnghurst.Gaol, .si^r ?" ^tnessi-" ^lay it please your honour, am I to answer that question P" Judge-" You are not bound to do so but it might be as well to say yes or no." After counsel ,had repeated the question the answer was, "Yes I have." Counsel, triumphantly-" Ah. I thought we would havjs you j" and looking very knowingly at the jury, " Now, sir, tell the court and gentle men of the jury whether you have been in DarKnghurst more than once.'' Another parley with the judge reduced the witness to the admission that he had. ' Then to further questions, that he had been in gaol " a good many time." Counsel, now quite elated " Now sir, I have only one more question to ask, and you will please to answer it as con oisely as you can. What are you so often in gaol for P" Witness-" Your honor, I appeal to you, am I to answer this question?" Judge-"Well you have now gone so'far you may give the learned counsel the whole of the information he seeks " Witness, with a peculiar expression in his eye, and a beseech ing look at counsel-"Will you please repeat your question P" . Counsel-" Yes I wiU, sir; Wfoat were you, a respectable watchmaker, as you say-so often in Darlinghurst gaol for ? I Witness-"To wind up the clock,"Tableau. I Brisbane Courier, CHARLES I}ICKENS'S SECOND VISIT TO AMEBICA,-The New York Tribune says; "Charles Dickens is coming to the United States to give a series of readings in the principal cities of the Republic. The announcement will be received with pleasure throughout the country. It is not necessary to deprecate, as some of our contemporaries incline to do, a possible hostility towards Mr. Dickens on the part of the American public. No such feeling exists. Our people do, indeed, remember the 'American Notes' and the satirical chapters in ' Martin Chuzzlewit,' and are, no doubt, of opinion, as a matter of taste, Mr. Dickens might well have been more gracious. But on the other hand our people like free speech, and appreciate-frankness not forgetting that truth should be the North Star of authorship, and that there is a good deal of truth in what Mr. Dickens said about us on returning from his first visit to this country. From the first until now the great novelist has been true to his.'duty. At horqe as well as abroad he has attacked every form of social abuse, and rebuked injustice, and laughed at folly, and inculcated sound prin ciples, and faithiblly laboured to refine the character and extend the scope of human happiness; and in pursuing that work he has necessarily struck hard blows, and offended arrogant injustice, and wounded self-love, and arpused enmity. But he has not roused en mity here. Of all people on earth the Americans are necessarily foremost to recognise a spirit that has purely and powerfully laboured for the advancement of the human race; and they recognise such a spirit in Charles Dickens. To remind them that he once satirized some of their follies and eccen tricities, or that he somewhat mistook their character and institutions, is not to blind their eyes to his genius cr deaden their sense of his great achievements. Our people would be poor-spirited indeed were it true that they cannot honour a great intellect unless it first feed them with the honey of flattery. The Republic is sensitive, but it is also strong. Even Carlyle,t with all his contempt for democratic institutions, and all his scorn for the people, is, we believe, better understood, and for his real worth better prized to-day in America than he is at home; nor, should he come among us, would 'the welcome extended to him be other than a great people might suitably tender to a man of great gifts. In the case of Mr. Dickens, however, we shall welcome a friend-one whose heart is in sympathy with every upward and onward tendency of human progress; and whatever ribaldry mav be spawned in the Satanic Pres', he will find nothing but friendship in the United States, For the rest, there is a two fold importance in his coming, The greatest novelist of the age, and by all accounts a superb reader, he will, inreaaingfromhis own works, afford a high form of pleasure and im provement to tile art-loving public. The keenest observer of the age, he will see, for all readers of the English tongue, the new born civilization of this republic precisely as it is. When we look across the ocean, and mark the progress that liberal ideas is there making, and the interest that is there felt in American institutions, we cannot think it a common chance that sends us at this time, in the foil maturity of his genius and his fame, such a student of charaoter and life as Charles Dickens." Holloway's Ointment and Pills.-A sergeant in the Royal Artillery writes, on December 12th, 1862, from Poonamattee, Madras presi dency, that bis right leg, from the ankle to the calf, was a quagmire of disease and corrup tion; that lie was on the hospital roll for twelve months without any improvement in his casej that he, as a forlorn hope, resolved to try Holloway's celebrated Ointment and Pills. These soon gave ease,expelled the bad humours from the limb, healed the apparently incurable sore, and restored him to sound health. Soldiers and sailors are earnestly recommended of have recourse to these invaluable medicaments for curing old wounds, sores or ulcers-more paticularly when they have arisen from imprudence and seem incurable, GAMBIJSB WHST POUND. - Impounded-. Grey Horse, like WS near shoulder, 2 on back, H near rump.-If not claimed will be sold January 10, 1868, at noon.-J; POBTEB Poundkeeper. ' 