A MATRIMONIAL JUGGLER, OR MR. TEDDINGTON TROUT AND MISS CHARITY GLIMM. BY OLD BOOMERANG. "WELL that has a bona fide look certainly," simpered Miss Charity Glimm, to herself, as she pored with exulting eyes over an advertisement in the Herald. "There is an air of candour, and a gentlemanly style about it, that struck me at first sight, as being genuine. I would not for the world reply to a thing of the sort, if I had the least idea that it was a hoax; invented by a party of idiots, as is often the case, merely for the sake of laughing at creatures almost as foolish as themselves. No, I realty believe that this is no meaningless joke, but the pure breathings of a refined manly soul, who is longing for sympathy and comfort, which he cannot find in an ordinary way." As Miss Glimm thus soliloquised, she took up the paper again and deliberately read aloud the following stimulating indication. "MATRIMONY. "The advertiser, who is turned 41 years of age, of pleasing personal appearance, and easy means, is desirous of forming a matrimonial engagement with a lay of suitable age. Money is not an object, and will by no means counterpoise a lack of the main desiderata, viz., agreeable person, amiable disposition, and domestic acquirements. The most honorable secresy may be relied on. Address, in full confidence, B.O.H., Post Office, Sydney." The honest reality of the foregoing so impressed Miss Charity, that her appetite for mutton chops became quite inert; so she sipped a cup of tea, then opened her writing desk, and after two hours' close study she had produced the following note, in time for the 11 o'clock iron receiver. "To B. O. H., Post Office, Sydney. "Sir,—The apparent candour, and gentlemanly honesty, which pervades every line of your advertise- ment, in this day's Herald, induces me to reply to it, with the true feminine candour which it deserves. In full confidence that I am not mistaken, I send you herewith my carte de visite, which was taken on the first of May last. I was then 37 yews of age, and a spinster; which I am still. I was brought up under the eye of a virtuous aunt; whose only aim in life was to see me grow up thoroughly domesticated. At her death she left me £90 a year for life, and her little brick cottage, nicely furnished. It would not become me to say anything which might be called self- praise, so I will simply remark, that I believe you would find in me all those qualities which you so feelingly express your desire to gain in a wife. If you think this worthy of a reply, please address in the first place, to Floy, Post Office, Paddington. ''P.S. I had almost forgotten to mention, that the spot on the left side of the nose, in my carte, is the accidental mark of a fly; and the slight squint in the right eye, is entirely owing to the artist forcing me to took animated." Next morning, the postman's sharp rat-tat at the door made Charity's heart bound like a football. In another minute she was gazing with throbbing admiration at a carte de visite, which was enclosed in a scented note, written with rather a tremulous hand, as follows. "My dear Madam.—My pen cannot express the happiness I felt on receipt of your truth-breathing epistle, this morning, accompanied by your likeness. As I have carefully studied Lavater, you will perhaps allow me to say, without suspecting me of flattery, that yours is a face which indexes a mind—such a mind as I am sure could appreciate the warm over- flow of my soul. I will not stay to write more, for I am impatient for an interview, if your kindness will extend itself so far as to grant it. I enclose my carte, and beg to.subscribe my real name, as your devoted admirer, "TEDDINGTON TROUT." Half an hour afterwards, Charity had posted another note, intimating that she should be happy to see Mr. Trout at his earliest convenience; and then she sat down in her easy chair to study his picture. Whether she took a short nap or not, she never could tell; at any rate, she was still sitting in the chair, fondly gazing at the carte, when a rat-tat-tat at the door suddenly brought her down from the top story of a lofty aerial castle; and before she had time to go to her dressing room, to adjust herself, that stupid girl Biddy had shown the gentleman into the parlour. Charity blushed, of course, and nervously apologised for her deshabille; but Mr. Trout put her at her ease in an .instant, and with a sweet smile, which dis- played a lovely set of teeth, he assured her that he was delighted to find her in unstudied attire; and further, "that it was the charming naiveté manifested in her portrait, and in her note too, which had given spurs to his desire to see her, and had induced him to trespass upon her at that unfashionable hour of the day." At her request he took a seat, then took off a tightly fitting glove, and passed his hand gently over his hair, which was curly and glossy, and as black as a raven's tail; with most fascinating whiskers, and beard to match; but no moustache, as she was happy to remark. He was rather a genteel figure, though very thin, with a peculiar stoop, which however was only to be seen at times, when he appeared abstracted. His putting his hand to his back so frequently, Charity thought was a slight eccentricity, but it could by no means be taken as an indication of weak- ness, for the unusually bright colour in the parts of his face that were bare clearly shewed the ruddy glow of health. That his legs were curved could not be denied, but that was a trifling defect, which, she thought even his handsome beard alone would far overbalance. His being "all of a shake," indicated a highly sensitive organisation, and a becoming modesty; indeed, she concluded that the man who would not shake a little under such circumstances must possess an ossified heart, wholly unimpressible by domestic perfection. Omitting the details of their long interview, (during which a mutual confidence had been exhibited, and a satisfactory outline of each other's history had been given), I briefly record, that before the clock struck two their engagement had been ratified by a true lovers' kiss; after which—to the surprise of Biddy—the happy pair sat down to a homely dinner. I must hurry past the succeeding ten days of very active courtship, merely noticing that their admira- tion for each other hourly increased; and as all needless delay was held to be sheer cruelty, and having neither parents nor guardians to consult, they mutually agreed to be married on New Year's Day. In order to save the unnecessary "fuss of inviting a lot of quizzical friends to their wedding," they decided to go to Newcastle, there to get married in a quiet way, then to go to Singleton by rail, to bask in honey moon-shine. Next Monday morning they joined the 7 o'clock steamer, taking as little luggage with them as pos- sible, to save trouble. The weather was fine and clear; though a strong N.E. breeze made the vessel pitch and toss very uncomfortably for a squeamish man. But Charity—who was never sick—said she enjoyed it amazingly. She playfully remarked, "that her dear Teddy had entirely lost his colour," and advised him to go below and lie down; but he man- fully protested against leaving her on deck alone; so he got some cushions from the cabin, and made her a comfortable couch on the skylight, then tucked her feet in his railway wrapper, and put his travelling shawl tenderly over her hat, to keep the spray from spoiling the blue feather. After handing her a copy of the Sydney Mail to amuse and edify her, he then walked about in the fore part of the ship in order to cure his squeamishness. There were few fore cabin passengers on board that morning, and those few were below, for the spray made the deck very moist forward. Mr. Trout was glad there were no unsympathising eyes to gaze at him, for he felt woefully sick, and wished to ruminate alone, over the side of the ship, and watch the bub- bles gaily dancing by. Quietly stepping down to the cabin, unseen by Charity, he got an old tweed coat and vest from his bag, and returned to the fore deck. He then put on a sailor's tarpaulin jacket (which was lying on the fore hatch), to keep himself dry, and got as far as he could in the lee fore sponson. There, unseen by human eyes, he soon began to make the most varied facial contortions, and gutteral gwarcks, that ever aroused expectation in a hungry fish; and if he were not very bad indeed, his noises and his wry looks terribly belied him. The spray had long before washed away all his rouge, and his bile-tinted face looked like a suet pudding made for paupers. His change of dress, too, had strangely altered his figure, for there was no padding in his old tweed coat, and the crook in his back was as apparent as the curve in a cow's tail. Loudly he lamented that he had not gone to Rich- mond by rail, instead of travelling by steamer, on such a windy morning. Severe were his denunciations of steamers in general, and of that one in particular. Horribly profane were the curses he invoked on his own weak stomach, on his eyes and limbs, and on his soul too. Presently, as if in direct answer to his invocations, and to convince him how easily his blasphemous breath could be stopped forever, he was suddenly seized with an unusually fierce internal qualm, during which a tiny morsel of regurgitating breakfast slipped into his windpipe, and provoked a convulsive wheeze. In an instant, to his intense horror, whilst coughing out an awful curse, out flew all his teeth, which were bran new only three weeks ago, and more horrifying still, in his frantic efforts to catch them he jerked off his cap, and with it his spare new wig and whiskers. Away they went, all of a heap, "into the tumbling billows of the main." For an instant he stood aghast and paralyzed; his sunken chops quivering with emotion, and his dirty bald head covered with beads of cold perspiration, like a gigantic toadstool in a thunder shower. "Ghost of Buonaparte! I'm ruined ! I'm ruined! What shall I do now?" he gasped in tones of wild despair. (The escape steam from the safety valve at that moment went Who-o-o! as though in mockery of his misery.) He had left his old wig and fixings, and his other teeth at his lodgings; so what could he do, so remote from barbers and dentists? And it was not possible to quietly scalp a sailor, for there was not one to be seen in the fore part of the ship. How could he explain his dilemma to Charity? And what- ever would she say to his wrinkles, and to the pal- pable fact that he was 62 instead of 41 years of age? These were thoughts which rushed into his mind, and rushed out again unsatisfied. In the midst of his dismay, however, was a gloomy joy that no eye had witnessed his disaster. So he resolved to get his shawl to cover his head, then to call Charity into the cabin, there to explain his misfortune, and appeal to her tender sympathies. Accordingly he ran aft full speed (without taking off his tarpaulin jacket), and rushing up to his darling, he mumbled out with awful incoherency, "Gip me my shawl; I'm pery bad." "Ugh! mercy pon us! get away, you nasty old creature! Wha-a!" shrieked Charity, in terror, and in utter ignorance who the crooked old phantom was, who had so rudely attempted to steal her lover's shawl. "Led go id I dell you!" he cried, tearing the shawl from her head, while she loudly called for Teddington to come to her aid. "Hallo, daddy, what are you doing aft?" asked the chief mate, running up to the rescue of Charity, and collaring the stranger, who was making insane efforts to convince her that he was her husband. "Do you know this old chap, ma'am?" asked the mate. "Goodness me, no! certainly not. I never saw him in my life before. O for pity's sake drag him away, Mr. Mate," said Charity, looking round for her lover to protect her, and calling for the stewardess to help her below, out of sight of the hideous old lunatic." "The old bloke is cranky, there is no mistake about that," said the mate. "Lay aft here, the watch. Catch hold of him, some of you, and shove him into the paint locker, and block up the door. Don't hurt him, lads, don't hurt him, poor old fellow. He is a runaway from Tarban, I suppose, but I did'nt see him come on board." In another minute Trout was seized, neck and legs, by half-a-dozen sailors, and despite his violent kicking and cursing, they carried him forward, and put him into a little closet on the fore-sponson, where they left him loudly protesting against their illegal pro- ceedings. "O dear me! that horrid old man has given me such a fright," said Charity, rubbing her forehead with rose water. "Stewardess, do go on deck, if you please, and ask Mr. Trout to come down. You will see him in the fore part of the ship—a gentleman with black beard and whiskers, and a military cap on." Away went the stewardess, and in ten minutes she returned with the startling news, "that no such gentleman was on board." An awful scene of excite- ment ensued, which it would be in vain to try to describe. A search was made throughout the ship, from the hawse holes to the rudder trunk, but no Trout was to be found; and the terrible conviction forced itself upon every mind that the mysterious madman had wilfully thrown the unfortunate gentle- man overboard; which idea was confirmed by a brief examination of the murderer, who persisted in mum- bling that he was the identical Mr. Trout himself. Double irons were procured, and he was securely bound, and barricaded in the paint locker. A flag was hoisted half-mast, and general sympathy was manifested for the disconsolate lady who had so tragically been made a widow the day before she was a wife. When the steamer arrived at Newcastle, Charity was too much grief-stricken to go on shore; so it was arranged that she should stay on board, and return to Sydney next trip, in order to give evidence against the murderer of her lamented lover. The captain generously gave up his cabin to the mourner, and the stewardess volunteered to extemporise some mourn- ing gear; taking care, of course, to keep the blue feather and all such unseasonable trifles out of sight, in the hope that they would go out of mind too. * * * * * Two days afterwards, Charity, covered in crape, entered the police office with her solicitor, amid the sympathy of the full bench and a crowded court. The prisoner in the dock looked more sanguinary than ever, and eyed Charity with maniacal tenderness, which made her dread that he would leap out of the dock and bite her. Ever and anon he mumbled that he was Mr. Trout and had never been murdered, and that he was going to be married to Miss Glimm. Having been kept closely confined in irons amongst the paint pots and oil cans for two days and nights, and on low diet too, had sadly damaged his appear- ance. His bald head was bedaubed with a variety of colours, like a painter's palette, and his nose and chin —which nearly met—were garnished with engine grease, from his having used an old wad of cotton waste, in lieu of a pocket handkerchief. It was not until the gaoler threatened to gag him that he was induced to keep silent, while Charity gave her evidence. After a lengthened examination—during which it was pretty generally believed that the prisoner would be hanged—the magistrate asked, "Have you had any previous acquaintance with the prisoner, Miss Glimm?" "O dear no, your Honor. I never saw him in my life before he attacked me on board the steamer, in the way I have described," said Charity, with an affecting shudder. "On your oath, madam. Do you say you never saw the prisoner before?" asked the counsel for the defence. "Certainly I do, Sir," said Charity, with a toss of contempt at the mere assumption that she could be guilty of telling a falsehood. The counsel then requested that the witness might retire, which she was politely ordered to do. He then drew from his blue bag a set of teeth, a black wig with whiskers and beard conjoined, and a black surtout, coat, and vest, and handed them to the prisoner, who forthwith arrayed himself in them with magical alacrity: and the improvement in his appearance caused a buzz of admiration throughout the court, which six constables shouting silence could not smother. He was then told to step out of the dock, and to stand near to the door of the anti-room, and Charity was readmitted. The moment she saw him, she exclaimed hysterically, "Good gracious! Is it possible? yes, yes, it is my own dear, dear Teddington! then slung herself into his arms and fainted away. She was carried from the court to be rubbed and rinsed into consciousness, and in twenty ininutes she re-entered looking much better. "Do you still assert that you never saw the pri- soner at the bar before?" asked the counsel, pointing to Trout, who was again in the dock in all his paint disfigured baldness. "Look at him carefully, Miss Glimm; don't hurry with your reply." Charity looked steadily at the prisoner for half a minute, then replied with the fervour of honest conviction, "I solemnly declare that I never saw him before, to my knowledge; but I don't accuse him of murdering Mr. Trout, because he is in court some- where, I'm happy to say." "O is he?" said the counsel, with a waggish smile. He then handed his blue bag into the dock to the prisoner, who again arrayed himself in his whiskers, wig, and teeth, amidst the loud laughter of the assembled crowd, which no one attempted to check; while Charity covered her face, and "fie'd for shame." The prisoner was of course acquitted of the charge of murder; but failing to satisfy the Bench how he obtained an honest livelihood, he was committed to gaol for three months, as a rogue and a vagabond. Swifter than a scared sheep, Charity sped out of the court, then got into a cab and drove rapidly home- ward, wringing her hands in vexation of spirit. Next week she left the colony, under the nom de guerre of Nancy Dunn, Where she is now I do not care to know, but I trust she is growing wiser; and I do heartily hope that her humiliating experience may be a salutary warning to her sex in general, against the egregious folly of answering matrimonial advertise- ments, and thereby subjecting themselves to the terrible risk of being made miserable for life. Darlinghurst, December 20. The useful encourages itself, for the multitude produce it, and no one can dispense with it; the beautiful must be encouraged, for few can set it forth, and many need it. No enjoyment can be transitory; the impression which it leaves is permanent; and what is done with diligence and effort communicates a hidden force, of which we cannot say how far its influence may reach. REFLECTION is a flower of the mind, giving out wholesome fragrance; reverie is the same flower when weak and running to seed. 