The most interesting portion of the English news brought by the last mail, is that -which relates to the great question of the reform of the representation of the people, in the Commons House of Parliament of Great Britain. From re mote antiquity, from a time when the meaning conveyed by the term ' liberty' was only dimly and partially discerned, the Commons hare been zealous guard ians of the rights of the people. All the interest that attaches to an ancient and time-honored institution, — which has struck its roots deep into the heart of a nation— is concentrated in the Assembly which has deliberated for centuries in the halls of Westminster. They have made treaties and sent out armies, and in the hour of danger their will has guided the policy, and swayed the destiny of a great and powerful nation, Hie gravity of the interests now at stake, is apparently well understood by those who aire called upon to take a part in the mo mentous events. They are men not un worthy to stand in the ranks with those who,from the possession of great natural and acquired ability, might be selected to acfrin holirs ofdifiicultyand trial; Tnthe long roll iot the Barnes of the illuebiouB dead, tvho sleep . beneath the marble statues and sculptured busts in the great hall of Westminster Abbey, there are: none to be found who hare been superior : thefirstand fbremoBt-of themtelleetual gladiatorswho jnightly iatke^ieir seats iqj tie house of the ^greatest ^ dcl&eratirg.; assembly in thte world. It is possible that, the speeches delivered in the last session were not so highly ornate, or so diffusdy poeiical as the great efforts of Burke and Pitt ; but to this it may be replied that the speeches of those de servedly renowned orators would not be tolerated in the present House of Com mons. / The , standard of education amongst not only the leaders of parties, but also amongst the rank and file of the present members of the house, is far higher than it was then. The audience^ with which Hr. -Gladstone reasons, is fpr', more critical than was the one to which Burke thundered, and Sheridan carried away captive by the graces of his oratory. A speech to be effective, must be far more severely logical than it needed to be, when all the flowers of rhetoric were allowed. There is more real argument in a half column extracted at random from any of Mr. Lowe's speeches than is to be found in half-a-dozen pages spoken by the great masters of English elo quence in older years. A telling speech now must be again and again carefully pruned of all that is simply clinging to it for ornament. It is probably true that there is no greater living master of the English language, than the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Certainly no one has con tributed so many, to the stock of epi grams, of those short, concise sentences enriched by a species of polished wit in which more meaning is contained, than in whole speeches delivered by men of lesser note. And although the leade of the conservative party, which is by tradition opposed to reform as it is called, there is no living statesman so cognisant of the subject in all its bear ings, so intellectually and practically master of the statistics which have been brought to light affecting it, as the Right Hon. gentleman. It is a chain o r strange circumstances, that is compel, ling him to attempt a solution of this difficult problem, and to pour oil upon its waters. The death of Lord Palmer ston, the senility of Lord Bussell, the discourteous and imperious ruling of Mr' Gladstone, and the comparative youth of tne, who, if he lives, will be one of England's, greatest statesmen (Lord Stanley), forces Mr. Disraeli to under take what he is by nature most compe tent to do, but by position, just the last man in the House who should have the duty thrust upon him. There are nume rous indications clearly pointing to tbe fact that Mr. Disraeli objects to fulfill what seems to be the ruling of fate with regard to himself. It is no labor of love with him. Willingly he would allow some other necromaner to lay the ghost of reform if it was possible. His 'reso- lutions' were rather a sort of baulk, an attempt to evade a difficult task, than the serious action of a statesman. They apparently resemble the efforts of a jibbing horse to avoid a start. Doubt lass, if the House would have adopted them, Mr. Disraeli would have con sidered it a stroke of uncommon good : luck. He would have been very thank ful for euch a godsend., . And -rejected, ?: they - were not without prospective advantages. Such an experienced party leader as he, would be able to glean much from the manner in which they were treated, what support he would be likely to receive from some members of the opposition, and from the Adullamites The Reform Bill could be shaped accor dingly. The telegraph wires hare supplied us with the outlines of the Bill which Mr. Disraeli, when brought^to bay, produced Rateable - value is to be the basis on which votes are to be founded, instead of rental, as was proposed by Mr. Glad- ; stone last year, and this will be consi dered by midst people to be the fairer' standard of the two. In determining rait, many considerations are allowed to sway. There are excessive and exorbi tant, as well as peppercorn rates imposed. But the rate is fixed ordinarily by a valuator, and can be altered -at any time by the district surveyor, whose decision ^an be^appeided against before the local: imagi^traeyl CouBequently rateable iralu^e is usually more equable than rentals. Mr. Disraeli puts the fran&ise; as low ^s all real reformers (among whom we loaotmeanMr. Bright), wish to see it. Bnt liere crops out what eome will con sider the consummate paititiciiin, and otheora the cloven hoof. The gain to democracy in the boroughs- is to be counterbalanced by. the gift to the con servatives in tbe counties. We do not know what objections of weight can be urged against this arrangement. All thinking men have long since agreed that there must be compensation powers of some description, to prevent the small amount of intelligence in the world being swamped by the iar gre&ter; mass uf ignorance. Plurality of vot^i would be viewed very jealously, and MK Hare's scheme is for too complicated for every day wear. If the franchise is lowered, mechanics and artizans can have votes, and 'be represented if they will. Mr. fright wishes them to be more^ than represented. Conscious that by 'an harangue against the aristocracy, he at all times has the -mob for his allies, he wishes them not only to be represented, but to have all power handed over for their keeping. But Mr. Bright's opinions are not those of England. Democracy has not at present, either in America or Australia, presented so inviting a pic ture, that Englishmen would care ' to copy it. And Mr. Disraeli is not the man ignorantly and blindly to introduce a Beform Bill, that would be a sentence of perpetual annihilation to the party of .which he has so long been the leader. 