ROBERT LOWE. THE following sharp satire on our old friend Robert Lowe is from the Daily Tele graph:'- Last night the Reform Bill was read for the first time in the House of Lords. On Friday there is 'to be a meeting of Lord Derby's supporters, with the view, we pre sume, of discussing the prospects of the mea sure; Monday is fixed for the second read ing; and, should the debate ?ii`d on that .evening, the labours, of the committee will begin on. the following Friday. This arrangement looks business-like. Their lordships are alive to the momentous nature of the reform question, both in its bearing on the country and on their own body. And they have good reason to display unwonted activity; for if the bill carries the strongest credentials from one class of statesmen, it comes laden with the most awful warnings from another. Foremost among the pro phets of evil is Mr. Lowe, and the right honourable gentleman's speech is so extra ordinary that it invites more than a passing notice. Mr. Lowe is like the blasphemous Scotchman who vented his wrath by " swear ing at large." On Monday night he cursed every point of the compass. Volley after volley of imprecation was discharged from his eloquent lips, as he surveyed, from the pinnacle of a pocket borough, the political future of England. Nothing, it seems, can save us; we are all going to the devil, under the guidance of Mr. Disraeli. Even political saints like Mr. Lowe himself must follow the lead; but, before setting out towards the shades of darkness, the right honourable gentleman crams himself with venom, whirls round and round on his left heel, so as to present a front to everybody, and then pours out, as fast as his rapid utterance will per mit, a torrent of hard names. In fact, he has become a rotary cursing machine. In his rage against heresy, the vicegerent of the Marquis of Lansdowne curses Mr. Disraeli, who of course has sold himself to the enemy of mankind for place; he curses Mr. Gladstone for having some notions of justice as well as of finance; he curses the House of Commons because it has re nounced its old faith in a political monopoly ; he curses the working classes because they cannot quote Virgil; and, finally, he curses himself for not having had the discernment to get born in the, time of Sidmouth and Castlereagh. And all the fuss is about the simple fact that we have given a few hundred thousand men the power to determine how they shall be ruled ! We have striven to extend the principle of self-government by making the whole nation its own lawgiver; and the con sequence is that we have for ever ruined the British empire. How ruined it? What is to happen ? In the first place, we have sealed the doom of small boroughs ; in other words, we have decreed that Mr. Lowe shall not much longer represent Calne. That, we admit, is a great evil; for pocket boroughs are what Mr. Disraeli would call picturesque irregularities, and perform the same office in the constitution as maggots do in cheese. Still, the loss is one that we can survive. But something more serious is to follow. Commission by purchase will be abolished; rich men will be deprived of the power to command better men than themselves; stupidity, imbecility, and ignorance, even if backed by a three-thousand pound-note, will no longer be able to imperil the safety of battalions; and in the offices class block heads will be replaced by men of brains. The prospect is appalling; but it is trifling compared with the result; for we must have compulsory education, in order that the men by whom we are to be ruled may learn their letters. It will now be absolutely necessary to educate this great people. We must teach them in order to save ourselves from revolution; we must decree that every labourer's son shall learn to read and write, if we would prevent the labourers them selves from cutting up the landed estates into five-acre patches, and from setting the British constitution on fire. So, at least, we are told by Mr. Lowe; and Mr. Lowe avow edly speaks as a student of history. Well, the picture is dreadful enough, and, with fear and trembling, we ask whether there are any more of the same Dantesque character. At once we are presented with another, worse than any of those we have exhibited \--more pitchy black in its shadows, more mud- coloured in its scanty lights. England is to have a president like the Americans, instead of a prime minister; an executive directly elected by the people, and not re movable by the parliament; an emperor with absolute power and a reign of four years. Our indignant prophet authorises us to state that the Queen will speedily descend from the throne, and retire into private life on a pension fixed with the strictest regard :to national economy; that the Prince of Wales will speedily accept a clerkship in the Poor Law Board at ~150 a year; that Mr. Bright is about to stand for the presidency on the democratic ticket; that the com mandership of all the forces will be added to his political functions; and that, in order to qualify himself for the warlike office, he has serious thoughts of leaving theSociety of Friends and taking lessons from Mr. Kingsley in muscular Christianity. Any thing more? Yes; the worst has yet to •· o · . come. The House of Lords is doomed. Nothing can save it. In a few months the aristocracy of England is-positively for the last time-to disappear, and the chamber, rendered illustrious by the names of a thou sand mighty nobles, is to become a mere elective senate, like that of America. With regard to the last bit of imforma tion, we should like to ask Mr. Lowe a few questions. The other announcements of the right honourable gentleman carry their authority with them, and do not need com ment. All that he says about the Queen, the Prince of Wales, and John Bright we do not think of doubting. But he does not seem so well informed on the subject of the peerage, and we trusthe will pardon us for asking where, to use a vulgar expression, he got his tip? The House of Lords, he says, will be worse than useless in the coming democracy; it will have no power, and be a mere sham. Nay, it is a mere sham already; for although the Reform Bill de crees it to destruction, it will, and it must, pass that measure. So low indeed is the ebb to which the peers are reduced, that they will be forced to help the hangman-that is, Mr. Disraeli-to put the rope round their neck, and with their last choking breath they will blesq the hand which makes them dance upon nothing. Now, there can be no doubt that in recent years the House of Lords has not been as active as it might have been. The attendance has usually been scanty. The privilege of voting by proxy has been exercised in too many cases. And the Chamber has sometimes been smitten with a lethargy which seemed to denote the con viction that, like the compound householder in winter, it was "froze out," and had " got no work to do." When the Reform Bill becomes law, and when a vast transfer of power is made to the masses of the people, that state of things cannot continue. The House will be compelled to furnish a practi cal reason for its existence ; it will be obliged to work. But what ground has Mr. Lowe for saying that it will not respond to the demand? If he asserts that as yet it has given no sign of movement, we meet him with a direct denial, and point to the new marks of lifs exhibited by the Upper House in recent months. The Peers have been subjected to severe criticism, and they have already shown their sense of the rebuke by beginning to set their House in order. The. task, no doubt, is only begun, and import ant reforms will be needed before the Peers can take that place in the new state of things which they occupied in the old. But they are Englishmen, they are men of com mon sense, and they know that they might as well try to stem Niagara as to prevent the on-flow of political power to the unen franchised masses. So they will adapt their legislative body to the new wants. They must do so ; for if they themselves do not proceed with the work of reformation the country will save them the trouble. Eng lishmen value the House of Lords, and are anxious to see it restored to a state of effi ciency ; still the House of Lords exists for the sake of the people, not the people for the sake of the House of Lords. Nobody knows the fact better than the Peers themselves, and they will speedily recognise it in a political form. But, says Mr. Lowe, they could do so only at the expense of their own political ex istence; they are in such a position that they must either be pushed into the abyss of doom by the surging mob that Mr. Disraeli has called into existence, or walk into it before the hour of pressure. And where, pray, did Mr. Lowe get the information ? In Australia, the home of unbridled democ racy. Australia would not put up with the House of Lords for a week; therefore, he argues, England will not put up with it for a week when every householder has a vote. Coming from a man of Mr. Lowe's acute ness, the argument is amazing. It proceeds on the assumption that the condition of England is identical with that of Australia; but no idea is more remote from truth. England is old; Australia is young. Eng land has a monarchy and an aristocracy planted in the soil by the growth of a thousand years; Australia has new institu tions, new families, new everything. In England the institutions are consecrated by the traditions of a glorious history, of an immortal past, from which she is loth to cut herself away; in Australia there are no political traditions, there is no past, and the glory of the people is their future. In the one country we have a governing class, trained to command, and gifted with all the leisure and the wealth required by the legis lator; in the other country all men are on a level, no class has been trained to lead, none is accustomed to obey. Hence Australia does not foreshadow the political future of England; and, when Mr. Lowe next takes to cursing all mankind for differing from his doctrine with respect to the immaculate con ception of a ten-pounder, he would do well to say nothing about his early recollections of Botany Bay. Already the .peers are; stepping forward to falsify his predictions by- co-operating with the Commons and the country on the subject of reform; and they will no doubt discuss the measure in a statesmanlike spirit. In a case like the present, indeed, they can do signal service, since they are able to revise the details of the bill with a coolness and a caution which we cannot exact from the more numerous and popular assembly. Of such an exami nation the measure stands in urgent need. Disfigured by many imperfections, it has yet to be edited ; and that is a task which the House of Lords is peculiarly fitted to accom plish. The peers will have themselves to blame if they do not continue to possess that power in the future. To a large extent they can determine their political fate; and, as we cannot doubt they will be equal to their new responsibilities, we believe that they will have the privilege of listening to a good many prophets like Mr. Lowe before they give place to a bad imitation of an American senate. THE TOMAHAWK AND THE PRINCE OF WALES.-The following paragraph is taken from the Home .News :-I'll Follow Thee ! is the designation of a cartoon in a late number of the Tomahawk. It repre sents the Prince of Wales as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George IV., to whom the Prince is saying "I'll follow Thee!" The inference is obvious, and the publication of such a picture is surely a sign of the times; for the Tomahawk (says the Flaneur in the Star) is by no means a low radical paper. It is another sign of the times, which will probably have been noticed by those whose inclination or whose duty prompt their attendance at public din ners, that while the. toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of enthusiasm, is now received with comparative coldness, the mention of the name. of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sym pathy and personal attachment. Qui vivra verra. The curiosity of the day is the great American circus which commenced opera tions on Sunday last in the Theatre du Prince Imperial. There are five managers -MM. Spoldrig, Bidwell, Smith, Quick, and Nathans, who possess a united fortune of twenty-five millions of francs. There are also five under- managers and secretaries, thirty riders, male and female, six clowns, three children prodigies, a band of thirty musicians, with two leaders, twenty-five grooms, stable-boys, &c.; So much for the bipeds. The quadrupeds consist of forty horses, two ponies, one buffalo, and a troupe of performing dogs. The daily expenses amount to 5000f. (£200). Some of the riders receive as much as 10,000f. a month. The ring-master is a citizen possessing a private income of 50,000f. (£2000) a year. These details are all that is worthy of note, as the performances are much the same as those given in every other circus, with variations, of course, now and then. THE HORRORS OF HAIR-DYErNG.-Mr. Erasmus Wilson, 'in his new Journal of Cutaneous Medicine and Diseases of the Skin, is eloquent on the Dangers of Dyeing: the Hair. "Art," he tells us, "is pro gressive ; a few years back, when the mania for altering the shade of colour of the hair first broke out, ladies, were content with washing their heads with an alkaline solu tion, soda or potash, until a considerable portion of the colouring matter was removed, and with it, of course, much of the freshness and silky beauty of the hair. This bleached hair, which approached artificial or dead hair in its qualities, was then polished with a little oil, and the process was complete. But chemistry has now enabled the artisans of hair to move a stage onwards-to add a dye in place of the abstracted natural colour, and to convert the head into a kind of coloured mop. It comes to pass thus:-The head is washed with an alkaline solution, and dried near the fire; this part of the process occupies an hour. The manipulator then brushes through the hair the dye an acid solution of varying strength-and the exhausted and dry hair is made to absorb this fluid by the aid of hot tongs and hot plates of metal. This latter part of the process demands care and skill, and time also, it would appear; for our informant, the lady operated upon, reports that the whole proceeding occupied about seven hours and a half. But at last came the result-not the end, but the beginning of the end. WThen the lady rose from the operating chair she was charmed by the vision of a pale gold chcvelurc, her natural colour being a dark brown; and she went to her home in perfect delight. But in a very few hours the vision began to change, first to a bright orange yellow, and then to a deep yolk-of-egg yellow =that- was perfectly hideous. To correct this evil another operation had to be gone through, another seven hours and a half of tedious and painful manipulation; and this time, like the last, with a similar result-first the golden sheen of the rising sun, but as evening advanced a deep saffron and red tint like the setting sun portending a coming storm, or rather like elfin locks of the demons of a pantomime. The lady's disappointment may be more easily imagined than described; she was advised that noth ing more could be done, and that if she dis approved of her present appearance her head must be shaved; and she submitted to the necessity and the consequent annoyance of wearing a wig. The proceeding we are. now discussing is called the ' instantaneous ' process, and we have styled it a process, having in our mind a surgical undertaking; the suffering was so severe, says our in formant, that she was obliged to scream with pain; the burning was so intense that she walked about the room in a frantic state, and sal volatile was administered to keep up her strength. More than a week after this grave operation she came to us to be relieved of inflammation of the scalp, and the effects of a superficial gangrenous burn. . She complained of a feeling of lethargy, and feared that some poisonous matter might have been absorbed through the scalp into the system; and it was clear that her nervous system had received a serious shock, and that she had escaped by a very narrow margin from an attack" of deranged function of the liver, verging on jaundice. On the sixteenth day after the operation the gangrenous burn remained unhealed."-British Medical Journal. THE LEGION OF HOhoUR.-The past week has been a most eventful one for M. Nelaton, and must certainly be reckoned among the most fortunate in the whole career of this celebrated surgeon. On the Monday, June 10, he was named a member of the Institute, and on the day following he received from' the hands of the Prince Imperial the insignia of Grand Officer of the Legion of Honour. On this occasion he merely called upon the Prince at St. Cloud to pay him his usual visit, when his young patient said to him, "wait a little, doctor; I have something to give you." He then presented the cross and riband to the surgeon, saying, "it is not quite new, as my father has worn it for some time." M. Nelaton immediately drove to the Tuileries to thank the Emperor. His Majesty confirmed the welcome fact, .and added, " I shall never forget, doctor, the care which my son has received from you." It would seem impossible to confer a signal favour with greater delicacy and grace. Mr. Rayer, forpmerly dean of the faculty, is the only other member of the medical com munity in France who has been invested with this high honour. It was conferred upon him on his retiring from office.-The Lancet. A little girl, whose name was Martha, had been on a visit. Returning, she was beset by a very inquisitive female,' Mrs. Grimbley, who began with a very disagree able way to question the little miss: " Where ye been, Martha ?" "Been' to Liverpool, Mrs. Grimbley." " Who did you see there, eh.? " " Oh !" saj Martha grandly, "I saw an angel." "' Did. ye, though? And what did he say ?," "Oh, he said, ' how do you do, Martha? "' " "And who else did ye see ? " " Oh, I-saw the davil." "And what did he say?" "He said, ' how's Mrs. Grimbley ?' " Here the questioning ended. NEWSPA-PER BoASTING.-Prentice, of the Louisville Journal, thus takes off some of his contemporaries, who are constantly boasting of their immense business. The daily circu lation of our paper-to actual bona-fide paying subscribers-is just five millions six hundred and twelve thousand and forty-two sheets. We have employed upon the paper five hundred compositors and one hundred and eleven editors, nine hundred carriers, three hundred and twelve mailing clerks, and other aiders too numerous to mention. We have taken especial charge of the falls of Ohio, and use them exclusively for " wetting do wn" our paper. We have eleven paper mills in constant operation, the smallest of which turns out two hundred thousand bundles of paper daily. It requires seven teen nineteen-story Hoe's presses to work off our vast edition, and we are compelled to engage all the coal that is mined in the Lehigh valley, as well as contract for all that comes down the Ohio river to supply our engines with fuel. Our correspondents are all graduates of the first universities and colleges in the world, and are stationed in every city, town, and hamlet on the habitable globe. Barnum's reply to the whale that wanted to be let free :-No I tank you. THEn ARTIST WHO TAiEs P.INs I HI DRAwING.-The dentist. 