RELIGIOUS AND SOCIAL SYMPTOMS. Tho question raised at recent conferences regard ing the position occupied by our religious institu tions in relation to the working classes, is attracting a large amount of attontion. Tho agitation of tho question has already, to a considerable extent, broken the spell which hound tho churches and the artisan class, in all tho great cities, and prevented them from coming into friendly contact. It is now quite clear that working men may be drawn into churches to listeu to Cliristian truth, if it be set before them so as to come in contact with their own thoughts and feelings. As an illustration of the good results which may bo expected from the agita tion of the subject, we take the following from tho Leicester Chronicle : — Last Sunday afternoon a crowded congregation, composed almost entirely of working men, gathered in Gallowgato Chapel, to hear the first of the Rev. J. A. Picton's lectures on the ' Religious Aspects of the Re form Question.' Tho great majority of tho assemblage appeared to consist of nonattend ants 011 publio worship. The suhjeet selected was ' True Radicalism.' Tho rev. gentleman ex plained that Radicalism professed to strike at the root of evils and abuses, and showed how Chris tianity struck at the root of tho evil which cursed the world. The mixed audience listeneckattentively to the address, which was clear, convincing, and elo quent. A short prayer was offered by the rev. gen tleman at the commencement, and Milton's hymn, ' The Lord will come and not bo slow,' was most heartily sung after tho lecture. Mr Picton, in thank ing the working men for attending, expressed a hope that sectarianism would no longer operate to pre vent tho working-classes attending the ministrations of religion, and the sentiment elicited an earnest and spontaneous ' Hear, hear,' from numbers of the congregation. From a speech of d city missionary wo learn that tho London cpstormongers havo most peculiar notions of religion arid religious people. Invito them to a place of worship, and they will stare at you with stupid wonder. . ' Why, Sir, you know it's nothing in my line ; it don't do for the likes oh. us, you know.' Toll them that the 'Gospel of Jesus Christ is intended for them, as well as tho rich, and they will reply, ' Well, Sii, I ain't-au educated person, but I knows wots wot, and I knows that God never intended costermougers to be religious ; why, don't yor. see, it couldn't be done, no, not if Old Nick was to become a coster.' ' Why,' says a costermonger to a city missionary one day, ' why, I've lieerd you only get a quid (a sovereign) a weokfor going wisiting, reading and such loike, now why don't yor turn yer hand to a barrow, and spekerlatp a bit ; not as tho' there ain't too many already in tho trade, still I can turn over three quid. Lor bless yer, I don't want yer sitivation, I wouldn't 'ave it at no prico ; why, I should have to say to my ®ld donkey, Sling your hook, put all my cowcumbers out to winegar, and send the missus and bibbios to the workhouse, telling 'em to pray for mo. On course, Sir, if it'll put anything in your pocket, I don't mind 'bliging yer by coming ono evening to yer meeting ; but mind yor, I don't do it for nufiink. Bisniss is bisniss, my bisiniss is costering, yourn preaching.' The I Westminster Gazette enlarges on the im portance of the new mission which John Henry Newman has undertaken at Oxford. It is twenty years since this remarkable man left that great University, where ho wielded a moral, and spiritual power which has never been equalled, aud joined the Church of Rome. Ho is now, by tho advice of his bishop, and with the sanction of Rome, going back. Wo havo not tho smallest doubt that his mission will be a successful one. Tho strange fascination which he once exercised has not yet left him. Numbers who will flock to him from curiosity, will become attached, first to his person, and afterwards to his doctrine, and wo should not be at all surprised if ii kind of stampede from Oxford to Rome wore to take place as tho consequence of ' Father Newman's' mission. At the usual weekly lecture at Surrey Chapel, Lord Shaftsbury, who presided, in tho courso of his remarks said : .' The Church of England is not a principle, but only an instrument. If it does not stand up for the Reformation, as a bulwark between iis and Popery, I say let the Church of England go. But I hopo better things.' Dean Stanley has struck the . true note, both as to ritual and as to. dogma. Preaching in tho Chapel Royal, Whitehall, from St. John's Gospel, iv., 24, ' God is a spirit, they that worship him must wor ship in spirit and in truth,' he said, search the Gospels through for guidance as to tho particular ritual to bo followed, und wo should find only the two evangelical rubrics laid down in the text, that worship must be ' in spirit and in truth.' Defining worship 'in spirit,' ho spoke of it as being tho sacrifico of our common lives in acts of loudness , in all times and places, rather than anything done in church, whatever the outward form of worship might bo. Worship without forms, ho acknowledged, , might be far less spiritual than worship 'with them. Heavy and earth-bound as our spirits were, they re quired aid to rouse them ; and, therefore,- beautiful buildings, music and forms of prayer, outward and mechanical as thoy wero in themselves, might be come, because thoy wero organs of the Divine Spirit, speaking through countless instruments to every variety of human spirit, as truly spiritual as even the :most unsightly building, and tho most unadorned. ^Neither form nor absence of form, neither beauty nor deformity, availed anything in worship — only that, whatever it might bo, which drew our spirits up to God. Only, let it be borne in mind, it must be spirit, and not form. The moral and spiritual : must he abovo the formal ; the inward abovo the outward. With reference to the introduction of now forms, unless they had a meaning for those for whom they were intended,- they wero absolutely worse than useless. The form was good for nothing without tho spirit ; tho spirit might be even without tho form. Enlarging 011 worship ' in truth,' tho Dean said that no truth, from whatever quarter, ought to bo unwelcome, because truth was the essen tial condition of tho worship of God, whoso spirit was tho spirit of truth. Tho age was full of fictions, sometimes lawful ; of concealments, sometimes necessary; of frauds and 'pious frauds,' and of falsehoods, which. wero neither x'ious, necessary nor lawful ; but in tho lieuse of God at least there ougiit to he sincerity and truthfulness. There wo could shake off the fancies aud imaginations which pre vented us seeing things as they really aro, and ' see ourselves as others see us.' Our Lord's most solemnly reiterated warning was directed against hypocrisy, tho acting of a part, the assuming of a character and position ; and this was a sin to which wo wero tompted, especially in worship, because it was difficult to keep our earth-bound thoughts on a level with tho forms of our devotion ; but truth was still to be found at tlio bottom, a well of water springing up, to eternal life. Tho state of denominational representation in the House of Commons is worth noting. According to the recently published ' Essays on Reform,' there aro but 84 Dissenters, including the Irish Roman Catholics, in the House of Commons. These last constitute nearly ono-half the total, and are 40 in number ; and there aro 2 English Roman Catholics, 13 Independents, 12 Unitarians, 5 Jews, 4 Quakers, 3 Unitod Pres byterians, 2 Free Churchmen, and 1 each of Baptists. Wesleyans, and English Presbyterians. The residue of English Churchmen amounts to 574, or nearly sovon times as many as all tho Dissenters put together, and about fourteen times as numerous as the members belonging to Protestant sects. The education question is prominent again, and the religious difficulty along -with it. ' Never,' says the Freeman, ' since the great agitation which drove . into obscure corners tho dread of tho schoolmaster, never since tho first triumphant establishment of British schools with their shadow tho national schools, has thero been so important a crisis in the causo as now. Tho conviction is ripening into action, that the pro vision for univorsal education must bo compulsory, and that education itself must bo compulsory as a condition of Stato patronage or protection of any kind, if not beyond this. In whatever manner, to whatever extent tho Stato is paterfamilias to the child, whether from poverty, crime, [inability, or casualty, to tho same extent it is bound to educate. But then comcs the contention as to tho character of the teaching, whether it shall be purely secular, or in clude religion, and if the latter, by whom to bo tangli'. Tho tendency of public opinion at present is to move 011 in spite of this difficulty. To let these be encountered und adjusted by local authorities, but at all events to have education provided at public expense. A quarter of a century of experience lias served to quench tho cry of ' better no education than education without religion,' a cry wellmean ing, but quite besido tho ' mark. Tho Christian church will tako care of tho inculcation of religion if it is iillowed freo action. Tho community should tako care that all its members aro provided with the means of elementary instruction. Less than this is dereliction of duty to tho country. If patriotism will do its own work, doubtless organised Christianity will do its own work, even moro honestly and fully. The necessity for fnrtber efforts is admitted by the new municipal societies springing up in the centres of social power, e.g., Manchester and Birmingham, the language of whose promoters is, ' Well, diffi culty or no difficulty, sacred or secular, wo will have education universal.' A curious story is told of Garibaldi. On his re cent arrival at Verona, a country womun and her hus band presented to the hero of Caprera a new born child, with tho request that he would -baptise it. Garibaldi forthwith performed the ceremony in the following terms : — ' I baptise theo in the name of God aud of the lawgiver Christ. Be virtuous, do fend the weak, and fight against tyrants. Love thy fellows, and- render thyself worthy of the name I give thee — Chiossi.' The name is that of a colonel killed in the last campaign in the Tyrol. Tho C/iurc/i News publishes tho form in which as it says, the Princess Dagmar so piously renounced tho distinctive tenets of Lutheranism. After ox pressing her belief in tho seven sacraments, transub stantiation, and the adoration of pictures and pray ers to the saints, her Royal Highuess was made to say : — ' I believe and confess that the Foundation head and Supreme Pastor and Bishoj) of tho Holy Greco -Russian Church is our Lard Jesus Christ ; and that from Him all Bishops, Pastors and Tea chers are ordained 1 and that the Ruler and Gover nor of the said Church is the Holy Ghost. That this Church is the Bride of Christ, I also confess ; and that in hor is truo salvation to be found, and that no one can possibly be saved in any other except hor, I believe.' How happy tho poor Princess must havo felt as sho thought of all hor relatives, still groping in Lutheran darkness, far from the Holy Orthodox Church 1 Ono of the most hopeful signs for tho Southern States (says the ' American correspondent of tlie Freeman), is tho eagerness of the colored raco to be taught. When they wero first liberated from tho bondage that made it a crime for them to Imow liow to read, their first impulso was to learn the mysterious art which had been hidden from them so long. It was then said by thoso who dis believed iho ability of the colored raco to rise above the condition of abject servitude, that this enthusiasm would be short-lived, would soon die out, and that tho next generation would relapse into ignoranco as gross as that from which tho present was awakened by the great convulsions of civil war'and political revolution- This prophecy has been happily falsified. From every part of tho South clieoring assurances aro recoived that the freednien aro as eager as ever to learn. Young and old exhibit tho same enthusiasm. Boys from eight to twenty years of ago walk ten and fifteen miles to school. It will bo interesting to the friends of the ' Frnedmen ' to know that, undor the operation of tho Univorsal Suffrage Bill in tho district of Colum bia, tho colored people have for the first timo gono to the polls, and very quietly' hnd intelligently, elected the Radical mayor of Washington by a large majority. Abolitionists aro anxiously looking for the auspicious day when oither the franchise shall bo extended to the blacks tho country over, or else withdrawn from the thousands of ignorant irishmen and Germans, who, politically, are nothing but tho tools of designing men. The day is sure to come, and that veiy soon. No paper in Jamaica was more violent in its as saults on Dr. Underbill's celebrated letter than the Jamaica Guardian. Its statements with regard to the causes of the poverty of the people, and tho absence of justice in tho administration of tho law, wore denounced as utterly false. Yet events have proved the entire accuracy of Dr. Underbill's aver ments, and tho Jamaica Guardian is itsolf con strained to bear witness to thoir truth. In 11 recent article on tho pauperism of tho island, the editor tracts it to tho impoverishment of the upper classes. When Dr. Underbill said that tho planters could not give employment to tho very largo class of agri cultural laborers in Jamaica, it was rank heresy. It was loudly declared that the poverty of tho peopln was tho result of idleness and rascality. But forget ful of the past, the editor of tho Jamaica Guardian now writes as follows ' Tho various grades o society hang on ono another. The upper depend on the lower classes for the labor necessary to carry 011 their agriculturo and businoss in general ; tho lowor depend on the upper, for tho most part, for the pe cuniary remuneration for tho labor they may bo 'willing to givo. If the better-off become poorer from year to year, it takes but a very short time for the pinch to reach the poorest.' Tlio decay of the wealthy, the writer next affirms to bo in n large measure duo to recldess speculation, extravagance, tho want of integrity and laziness. 'Speaking generally,' he says, ' of tho moneyed class, it is most unquestionably true that a process of denudation has left it a great deal poorer tliau it was twenty years ago. This has necessarily affected the lower orders. Every estate abandoned, every store closed, cvery bankruptcy, every hundredweight or gallon less ex ported, has tende'd to the increase of our pauperism, and has rendered pauper relief a greater difficulty.' So then, after all, Dr. Underbill was right in tracing much of tho poverty of the peoplo to the diminution of employment. Tho new Governor too has fur nished some vindication of Dr. Underbill's letter. Dr. UnderhiH had said that the taxation of the island bore unfairly on the laboring classes. Sir J olm Potor Grant states that his Government were anxiously endeavoring to adjust taxation in such a manner that it should not fall heavily on any ono interest. ' It was shown,' ho said, 'by the Finan cial Secretary's report, that tho laboring classes contributed 56 per cent, on tho imports, and if there were any reduction, it ought to be under this head.' After referring to tho burden of taxa tion on various classes, ho asked, ' Would it bo politic to exempt tho greatest interest of all — tho planting interest? Could tho Government ever hold up its head in tho civilised world were they to relieve them of their fair quota?' But while the Government of Jamaica was in tho bauds of tho planters, they took caro to securo no end of exemp tions from the burdens thoy imposed on others. Their turn is now come, and wo aro happy to see that Sir J. P. Grant does not shrink from doing justico to tho poor, notwithstanding tho clamor the long-2)rotccted planting interest has raised. Iron SruN by Insects. — It is well known that somo insects are skilful spinners, but it is not known that some of them fabricate iron. A Swodish naturalist, Sjogreen, has published a curious memoir 011 this subject. Tho insects in question aro almost microscopic ; thoy live beneath certain trees, es pecially in tho province of Smaland, and they spin (liko silkworms) a land of ferruginous cocoons, which constitute tho mineral known under the namo of 'lake ore;' and which is composed of from twonty to sixty por cent, of oxide of ^ iron, mixed with manganese, ton per cent, of chloric, and somo centimetres of phosphoric acid. The deposits of this mineral may be two hundred and fiftoeu yards long, and from eighteen to thirty inches thick. New Method of Getting Oxygen from the Air. — Highly-oxygenated compounds sueli as tho chro- , mates and manganates can bo partially deprived of , oxygen by steam, for which they immediately com- j pensato themselves from the air. A method has j beon patented hi Franco for malting this process continuous, and thus drawing a steady supply of oxygen from the atmosphere. A _ cur rent of steam is passed through a retort contain ing ono of tlicso compsunds, and carries off with it a current of oxygen, which is collected in a gas holder, whero tho steam is condensed to water. Following this, a current of hot dry air is passed through tho retort, and ro-oxygenates the compound, which is then ready to yiold again. An improve ment of the apparatus so as to de- oxygenate and ro-oxygenato simultaneously would seem to bo de sirable. Respiration in Running. — Now the novice, when ho begins to run, commits the grave mistako of breathing out his resident air ; _ in _ order to command a raugo for a deeper inspiration he reduces his resident air ^ greatly, and he is not able to replace it by tho at mospheric air, which is too oxygenous and too cold ; so he gets out of breath, and if ho cannot by degrees recover a certain proportion of that which ho has lost, thero is nothing for it but to stop. The more experienced man, on the contrary, endeavors to keep all he has got, and to add to it by intruding on tho complementary space. When ho has replaced the small quantity which at the commence ment of the muscular action he may havo lost, and when ho has rnisod this _ beyond what it ' was at starting, by taking in the complementary also, ho is said to have got his ' second -wind,' and I10 can thon go on comfortably for a long period. He tries by practice to attain the art of holding his breath, and adding thereto not tho faculty of strong and deop expiration find inspir ation. His objcct is to incrcaso tho capacity of his chcst, to fill it fuller and keep it full; so that the phrase so often heard in racing stables, when a horse is said to liavo 'taken u gentle pipo-openor,' is singularly incorrect, and wo sliould_ rather try to shut our pipes and keep them shut, or wo shall soon arrive at tho stage when a man is seen gasping for air, literally liko a fish out of water. — Cornhill Ma-jazine. 