CALIFORNIA. New Discoveries.— From the new discoveries continually being made in various sections of the Stale, a great many miners believe that California has yet been only half prospected. In Plumas, Sierra, Placer, Nevada, El Dorado, and other counties, the beds ot ancient rivers are being discovered crossing entire counties, and running and crossing numerous of the present rivers, but hundreds of feet beneath their beds. Every evidence of another age is found. Petrified trees of an immense size, that once flourished on the banks of the now buried water courses, are continually met ; banks and beds of what was once soft mud left by a receding ocean, and filled with shell fish. Shells of different varieties are brought to the surface by the miners ; and beneath all these secondary forma tions are found rich strata of cement lying next to the granite. The geologists tells us that granite is the only primary bed rock, and that quartz, slate, and every other formation is a secondary deposit. This being the case, no miner can say that his claim is worked out until his pick strikes into the granite. From the prospecting now going on in this vicinity, some of the miners believe that an ancient river bed crosses underneath the American River, and beneath the formation upon which Folsom now stands, aud that throughout the valley of the Sacramento the same system extends : even under the city of Sacramento may lie rich deposits of gold. This may be considered a startling assertion, but the discoveries now being made render it not only possible but very probable. But it is not very likely, however, that anybody intends to sink for the granite within the city limits very soon. The truth of the matter is, no single miner can afford to prospect for these ancient channels upon his own capital; whatever is done must be done by companies with considerable capital, as it requires time and money to sink deep shafts aud run long tunnels. The deeper these cement deposits are found in the northern counties the richer they have proved to be, and there is no reason to doubt their location in this vicinity as well, and extending throughout- the entire range of foothills running south as well as north. South Ajax (Bolivia Reef) Quartz-Min- ing Company, Castlemaine. — The general meeting of this company was held on Saturday at the offices, 55 Elizabeth-street, Mr A. Clarke in the chair. The directors in their report re viewed the whole of the company's operations from the commencement, gave a detailed account of the works now in progress, and stated that the proceeds from the reef they were now work ing had enabled them to clear off all arrears of wages, etc., besides paying £370 in dividends. They concurred iu the opinion of the mining manager, that the reef they were now following was the main Bolivia Reef. The balance-sheet showed that the assets of the company were £7115 10s lid m excess of liabilities, and the cash account gave £300 to credit of the company, after allowing for outstanding liabilities. The report was adopted, and the accounts referred to Messrs Hornby ' and Simpson, who were ap pointed auditors. At the Moorabool ploughing match dinner, held last week, nothing but colonial wine was placed on the table. A difficulty occurred the other day in the Denili- qnin Court of Quarter Sessions, iu consequence of there not being a second barrister in attendance. An aboriginal was to be tried for a serious .offence, and the custom is in such cases for the Grown to assign counsel for the defendant. No barrister, however, being present to take up the defence, the Court telegraphed to Sydney, requesting permission for an attorney to appear, aud appointed Mr T. Ro binson, solicitor, to act for the defence pending the reply. A local journal suggests that many young members of the Melbourne bar might find it advan tageous to qualify for the bar of Mew South Wales, so as to be in a position to visit Deniliquiu at sessions aud circuit courts, the distance being too great for counsel to come from Sydney unless specialy retained. The Breadalbane Peerage Case. — " Campbell v. Camtbell."— In the House of Lords ou May 16. before the Lord Chaucellor, and Lords Cran worth, Westbury, and Colonsay. — This was an appeal from the Court of Session in Scotland with reference to the right of the parties to the estates of the late Marquis of Breadalbane, of the value of £60,000 a- year. The appellant, Charles William Campbell, a captain iu the army, aud tlie respondent, William J. Lamb Campbell, were second cousins. They claimed as descendants of a great uncle of the first earl. Cap tain Donald Campbell and John Campbell, Esq., of Port Glasgow, were not parties to the appeal, but claimed the right to appear by their counsel, having in 1362 presented a petition to t-lie Queen claiming the titles as descended from the eldest son of the first earl, which petition had been referred by her Ma jesty to the House of Lords, and by their lordships' house to the committee for privileges, and was now being proceeded with. The Attorney-General, Mr Anderson, Q.C., aud Mr Moncrieff appeared for the appellants; Sir Roundell Palmer, Mr Mellish, and the Solicitor-General for Scotland appeared for the respondents ; and the Lord Advocate, Mr Downing Bruce, and Mr James Ernest Brudell Bruce watched the case on behalf of Captain Donald Campbell.— The case is still proceeding. The Cheerfulness of Religion.— The religion of Christ is not a religion of sorrow. It consoles wretchedness, and brightens with a diviue glory the lustre of every inferior joy. It attracts to itself the broken-hearted, the lonely, the weary, the despair ing ; but it is to give them rest, comfort and peace. It rekindles hope ; it inspires strength, courage, and joy. It cheeks the merriment of the thoughtless who have never considered the graver and more awful realities of man's life and destiny, but it is to lead them through transient sorrow to deeper aud more perfect blesseduess, even iu this world, tbau they had ever felt before the sorrow came. Take the representations of the Christian faith which are given in the New Testament, and you will see that though it may be a religion for the sorrowful, it is not the religion of sorrow. To hearts oppressed with guilt it offers the pardon of God ; to those who dread Divine displeasure it reveals God's infinite love ; to those who are tormented with the consciousness of moral evil, and penetrated with shame and self-contempt by the habitual(Jailure of every purpose and endeavour to live a pure and per fect life, it offers the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. If at the commencement of the Christian life it relies on the purifying power of penitence, and if to the very end it encourages devout and reverential fear, it also teaches that the joy of God is our strength ; and it is an apostolic precept that we should rejoice evermove. As for the chief troubles which annoy or distress mankind, it possesses the only secret which can make them felt less keenly,, and borne without that bitterness of spirit which often poisons grief and transforms a calamity morally harmless into a curse aud a sin. It tells the anxious to cast all their care upon God, and to take no thought for the morrow ; the poor that they may be heirs of a divine glory; those who have had heavy losses, of riches which never take to themselves wings, treasures of which they cau never be robbed ; it tells those who have suffered from iujustice and calumny of a righteous judge aud an equitable judgment-seat; it reveals to the sick a life of immortal health ; and to those whose hopes are wrecked in this world a world beyond death, in which they may have a career brighter and more triumphant than their happiest imaginations can conceive. Nor is it silent and helpless when those we love pass from us, aud are laid iu the dust. It was not Christ who brought death into the world ; nor by rejecting Christ can we or our friends become immortal. The braiu was burned with the fires of fever, the limbs were struck with paralysis, the harmonious movements of the heart were troubled with fatal disease before Christ came ; and these evils would continue m the world if all memory of the Christian faith perished. But to the dying, and those who mourn for the dead, Christ reveals glory and immortality as the certain destiny of all who love and fear God. .It does not become a Christian to be melancholy. Good Words. -- ; ; 