PARLIAMENTARY. In the Legislative Council, Dec. 17,— Mr Barrow presented a petition, signed by 350 landowners, farmers and others., praying the House to take action for the relief of farmers suffering from the red rust. Mr Mildred asked— 441\. What railway between Strathalbyn and Middleton is alluded to in the schedule'to the Kail way Loan Bill, 1867 . " 2. What sum has been expended i the Strathalbyn and Middleton Tramway. " 3. What sum has been expended on the Roseworthy and Forresters Railway-" The Chief Secretary replied— " 1. The railway is that for which a Bill was passed in 1866. "2. ,The sum expended w^s £51,350; but a much larger sum would be required to com plete the various contracts. 44 3. The sum actually expended was £"14.600 14s 2d; but there were considerable liabili ties/' Mr J. T. Bagot asked to be informed of the amouut of money expended on the following linesup to the present time:—The Strathalbyn and Middleton, the Forresters and Burra, the iNarracoorte and Mount Gambier, the Port Wakefield and Hoyle's Plains. Also, what amount will he required during the present year for these lines: also, the amount expended for. survej's, and whether such sums for sur veys are to be charged against loans or against the General Revenue." The Chief Secretary replied as follows :— " Strathalbyn and Middleton.—Amount ex pended in the colony from revenue, £9,999 15s 8d ; ditto from loans, £31,109; ditto by Agent General from loans, £15,250 15s; total, £56,359 14s 7d. Amount required for expen diture tluring present year, nil. Amount expended for survey, charged to revenue, £1,001 4s 4d ; also to loans, £362 13s; total, £1,363 17s 4d. 44 Roseworthy and Forresters.—Amount ex pended in the colony from loans, about £8,000; amount expended by Agent-General from loans, &c.;, about £'6,600 14s 2d; total £14,600 14s 2d. Amount expended for sur- j veys, charged to loans, £1,074 lis 4d. 44 Forresters and Burra.—Amount expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £825. "jNarracoorte and Mount Gambier. — Amount expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £876 15s 5d. 44 Port Wakefield and Hoyle's Plains.— Amount expended in the colony from loalis, about £5,000; amount expended by Agent General from loans, about £6,614 18s; total, £11,614 18s*. Amount required for expendi ture during present year, 1867, for freight, 'about £220. Amount expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £74 15s: amount ex pended for surveys, charged to loans, £1,759 19s 4d ; total, £1,834 14s 4d." The Chief Secretary re-introduced the Rail way Loan Bill, and moved its setond reading He explained that the work contemplated had ail been authorised by the Council, though some of them exceeded the original estimate. Mr Mais had found out vthat Mr Hanson's estimates were not sufficient. He (the Chief Secretar}') was sorry there was any attempt to mix up privilege with that Bill; the ques tion was too seriou3 to have privilege questions mixed up with it. Some hon. members thought the Government should not find work for the people, but what were the Govern menttodo, if the < people were out of work and in destitution ? I t was better to pay for work than to pay men for doing nothing. AVitli reference to Mr Barrow-s. statement, made a few days since, that Mr Hanson could complete the railways for the original esti mate, with 10 per cent, added, he read a com munication from Mr Mais, to the effect that the cost of the principal lines now in progress had been considerably in excess of the esti mates ; and that, as a rule, the levels had been proved to be altogether unreliable. Mr J. T. Bagot opposed the Bill. He could not believe that Mr Hanson, who was a talented man, could be 50 per cent, out in his calculations. Mr Hanson had been somewhat extravagant, but what they uow experienced from Mr Mais ont-Heroded Herod. He moved the previous question. Mr T. Elder hoped the Council would not stultify themselves by 'agreeing to the second reading, as nothing had occurred since the Council rejected the Bill, a few days ago. to show why their decision should be altered. The tactics of the Government were some thing like those referred to by Hauilet when apostrophising his father's ghost— " The times have been, That, when the brains were out, the lr.un would die, And there an end ; but now they rite again, With twenty mortal murders on tlieir crowns, And push us lrom our stools." We should like the hon. gentleman to say in what part of the play of Hamlet this quo tation is to be fouud. We had hitherto been under the impression that the wcrds were uttered by Macbeth. Some of the hon. mem bers occasionally display laughable ignorance in their references and quotations. It was Mr Baker,.we think, who once referred to Nebuchadnezzar as having fed upon locusts and wild honey; and it was Mr J. T. Bagot who once said that Orion melted his wings off by going too near the sun. Mr Barrow gavje credit fcr sincerity and honesty to those members who opposed the Bill, but it was strange that out of the majority by which the previous question had been ] carried the other day, there were hardly two who opposed the BiJl on the same ground. | One regarded it as a violation of the privileges of the Council, another thought it was not J desirable to borrow money, another wanted the amounts sent up in separate bills, and another objected to the principle of the Bill. He himself did not like the form of the Bill, but he was afraid of the consequences if it should be rejected. Mr Baker said the Council on a former occasion resolved to throw out the Bill, and that resolution should be abided by, or the Bill should be brought forward in some less objectionable form. As to relieving the labouring claese3, he thought the best plan would be to take the money and throw it about the streets ; they would then give relief with out getting any labor for it. Mr Hogarth opposed the motion. If they had cheap lines, like the AVallaroo railway, it would be all right, but it was absurd to have heavy locomotive lines. Mr Parkin disliked the Bill being rammed down his throat, as the Chief Secretary seemed determined to do. He was always willing to put his hand in his pocket to relieve distress, but he was not to be bamboozled into voting this money under the idea that it was to relieve distress. Only a small portion of the money would be spent in the colony, as the rolling stock for the lines would have, to be procured from Englend. The Chief Secretary replied, and The President then put the previous ques tion in the form " shall this question be now put," upon which a division was taken as fol lows:—Ayes—The Chief Secretary, the Hons. J. H. Barrow, W. Morgan, E. Solomon, T. English, W. W. Tuxford, W. Peacock, and C. G. 'Everard. j^oes.—The Hons. C. H. Bagot, J. T. Bagot, J. Baker, T. Elder. T. Hogarth, J. Crozier, H. Mildred, and W. Parkin. The division being equal, the Pre sident gave/his casting vote 111 favour of the ayes. f The motion for the second reading was then put and carried. lu Committee. The Bill was passed through without any amendment. The House resumed, and the report was adopted. The Chief Secretary moved that the Bill be read a third time, upon which the Hon. J. Baker called for a division, which resulted as follows Ayes—The Chief Secretary, the Hons. J.. H. Barrow, J. T. Bagot, C. G. Everard,T. English, W. Morgan, E. Solomon, W. W. Tuxford, and W. Peacock. 2voes— The Hons. J. Baker, T. Elder, and H. Mildred. Majority of G for the ayes. The Bill was then read a third time and passed. The Appropriation Bill was read the third time and passed. Tn the House of Assembly— Mr Bright presented a petition from 350 persons praying for a committee to*take evi dence as to the crops, and to devise means of j relief for the farmers. ! Mr Strangways drew attention to an adver- I tisement from the Engineer-in- Chief's office, j calling for applications for two draughtsmen. He had been told that Mr Mais had ten I persons under him who had came from Mel- I bourne, and this had caused great dissatis-! faction in this colony. He also referred to j some mistake which Mr Mais had made ten 3rears ago under the New South Government. Several members spoke on the matter, the j most of whom considered the course taken by j Mr Strangways as unfair. The Commis- j sioner of Public Works said that the only j consideration he would give to any applicants,! wouid be upon the fitness of the person for ] the office he sought to obtain. j The|Pastoral Remission of Rents" Bill was ; considered in Committee ; after which it was j read the third time and passed. Mr1 Strangways moved—" That an address be presented to His Excellency, praying His Excellency to appoint a Commission to enquire into and report upon the diseases'to which the cereal crops in this colony are subject, and to afford such Commission the means of obtaining scientific assistance in conducting the investigation/' Carried. The same hon. member moved—" That an address j be presented to His Excellency, praying His Excellency to secure a quantity of (say 20,000 bushels) wheat- for seed, to be imported from j the country the climate of which may be con I sidered io be most suitable, and to cause the j same to be distributed amongst the farmers, ffrr seed purposes only." The motion was discussed, and further consideration of it was adjourned till the following da}". In the Legislative Council, on Monday, December 18, Mr Baker moved—" That an address he presented to his Excellency ihe Governor, praying .that there may be laid on the table ! of the Couueil all correspondence 011 the fcubjeet of the third judge and District Courts Amendment Act. Carried. Mr BaKer called the attention of the Council to an article which had appeared in the Hc-tjLsttr, which he asserted grossly | misrepresented the action of the House and j the Police Committee wii !i reference to ! Messrs Andrews and Thomas. Other • members spoke on the subject, but it -.as the • general opinion of the House that the more | the privilege question was stirred the more. 1 &c.;? . The Public Purposes Loan Bill was read the third time and passed. The Pastoral Eights Bill was read a second time. In the House of Assembly, In reply to Mr Bower, the Commissioner of Public Works said the Dry Creek loop-line was ready for traffic. Mr jSTeales asked the Treasurer if the Government were prepared to guarantee 5 per cent, to any company willing to make a railway to Glenelg, with branch to Brighton, to whieh the Treasurer replied in the negative. In reply to Mr JSeales, the Commissioner of Crown Lands said he hoped the new mining regulations would be ready to appear in the Gazette next week. Mr Riddoch withdrew his motion—" That the petition of Mr John Watson on behalf of the inhabitants of Mount Gambier. pra3ring that immediate attention be given to the land system of the colony with the view of facilitating bona Jide settlement thereon, be taken into consideration"—as the Govern ment bad assured bim that they would bring in a Bill having that object next session, Mr Neales moved—-'That in cousequence of the serious falling off of the crops and the reduced employment of the miners at the Burra and neighborhood, the House recom mend the earthworks of the railways to be divided into small contracts to enable farmers on the line to get the work." The Commissioner of Public Works said the Government were quite alive to the necessity of carrying out the intention of Mr Neales, and asked him to withdraw his motion, which was done. Mr Rounsevell brought forward a motion to the effect that on the arrival of the English Mail the Post-offices be opened during certain hours on, Sundays. ^Negatived. Mr Strang ways' motion relative to seed wheat was again considered. Mr R. I. Stow moved as an amendment— " That there is great reason to fear that the occupiers of large area of land will be unable from losses now generally anticipated in their crops to continue to cultivate their lands next season, and the Government should obtain accurate information on the subject, and as j far as practicable take all proper steps to avert so gaeat a calamity,v which was carried. 