THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH IN VICTORIA. THE DEPARTURE FROM WILLIAMS- TOWN. The Duke of Edinburgh, having enjoyed just one week of the hospitalities of the capital, took his departure early yesterday morning by H.M.S.S. Victoria, for Geelong, where he will begin one of the provincial tours which have been arranged with the view of giving His Royal Highness a more perfect knowledge of the resources of the colony than he could acquire in Melbourne. The Prince left the Spencer-street station for Williamstown, by special train, at eleven p.m. on Sunday, and passed the night on board his vessel. A special train conveyed His Excellency the Governor and suite to Williamstown, at half-past eight o'clock yesterday morning, and the Vice-regal party was at once taken on board the Victoria in 'that vessel's barge, which started from the breakwater. On receiv- ing the Governor on board, the Victoria fired a salute and manned yards. The Naval Training Ship also manned yards and dressed ship, the latter mark of respect being repeated by the reformatory hulks and the barque Jeannie Oswald. Tho Victoria then got under steam, and advanced slowly towards the Galatea to pick up the Prince, who left his ship at ten minutes past nine o'clock in his gig, followed by a boatload of people from the Galatea. The Duke was received on board tho Victoria simply as a captain in Her Majesty's navy, without any demonstration. Captain Nicholson, harbour-master of Gee- long, was on board to pilot the vessel to lier destination. There was no public demon- stration cither at Sandridge or Williamstown ; and before the Victoria was out of sight, the decks of the Galatea were crowded with visi- tors who had availed themselves of the privi- lege of inspecting hor accorded to the com- munity by her commander. THE PRINCEIN GEELONG. I m .^»»Wtwi'ili I I p «i» i in ?pjy (BY OUR SPECIAL KErORTEB.) GEELONG, MONDAY EVK.WG. Geelong in a festive mood-with its shops .shut, flags flying, arches of evergreens erected, bands playing, volunteer troops "marching, and crowds of well-dressed people in the streets-is a sight as welcome as it is rare. Since that spasmodic burst of life which pro- duced, during the early days of the ballarat gold-iields, a vivacity like that of an effervescing draught, such a day as this has never been seen here. The town was all alive, and bent on meeting the Prince and enjoying the holiday, which has been in a semi-official way pro- claimed to last to-day and to-morrow. Malop, Ryrie, and Moorabool streets joined hands to fraternise with Newtown and Chilwell, and the whole district rejoiced to see the'son of Her Majesty. At first there was some grumbling that so little notice of the visit should have been given, and the local newspapers were on the point of pouring out the vials of the wrath of Geelong upon the heads of the Reception Commission, whim better councils prevailed. The fact that we were entertain- ing a young Prince, who should hardly*be called upon to go through Victoria painfully by plummet and rule, was duly brought to mind, and finally all concerned lent them- selves to make the welcome to Geelong as hearty as could be. The ball-room was scarcely fixed, »the dais and reception plat- form were barely ready, hundreds of yards of drapery had to_ bo nailed about, and the triumphal arches of green-and there were plenty of them-were not yet hung with flowers, but the will found the way to do everything. The local artisans must have'been almost frightened at the energy which directed them, and doubtless felt some compunction at doing so much work in one day, because, perhaps, of the' bad example ; but even they were touched into quickness, and threw into their exertions a briskness and strength which reminded ono of the. quality of the local ale. In the earlier part of the day, lhere might bo noticed a lingering reluctance to abandon even the show of business ; but the crowds of country visitors, strangely reminding one of the fanning folks going to an English fair, put the would-be moneymakcrsoutof countenance ; soverofaoial lines relaxed into something like softness, or puckered into merry wrinkles, and all but holiday thoughts were abandoned. Then the handsome equipages of the gentlefolks round, the neighbouring squatters, and re- tired merchants, dashed through the streets. Triumphs of millinery had their littlo day, the last fashion but three in male costume was flaunted on the hacks of Young Geolong, and each class of people made merry, not after their wont, but in a style which must have made some of the old residents wonder what was coming next. As the day advanced so did, the excitement, and when noon found all the friendly socie- ties gorgeous in raiment of blue and scarlet, belts of assure and gold, and the insignia of their various orders-Reehabites, Oddfellows, Sons of Temperance, and the like-the minds of men and women became feverish, and their movementsflurried. Towards one o'clock each and all bent their steps towards the Yurra street pier, where the Prince was coming to land. THE ARRIVAL. By a quarter to one o'clock, a crowd of 20,000 people had assembled round the Yarra-strcet pier to watch the com- ing of tho Royal visitor. Such a number assembling in Geelong is altogether with- out precedent. It was, in fact, three fifths of the entire population of the district ; Geelong, and its suburbs of Newtown, Chil- well," and Ashby, numbering 23,000 souls, and the surrounding districts, including Bellerine, Barrabool, Batesford, Fyansford, and Dam well, 12,000 souls. Not only the pier but tho shore war densely packed with men and women in their gayest dresses. The ar- rangements for tile spectators wcro both simple and effective, and were carried out to admiration by the local police and their officers, Mr. Superintendent Bookcy and Mr. Inspector M'Nnmara and a con- tingent of 1D0 men from Melbourno, under Mr, Inspector Ryall. From the road atong the shore to the commencement of the pici was a wido roped passage, lined by police, and the whole of tho pier itself was also kept select, an area for officials and distin- guished local celebrities. Galleries for 3,000 school children, and suchas desired to pay for the accommodation, according to a low tariff fixed by the corporation, had also been erected. These galleries were pretty well filled, mostly by ladies, who vindicated the title of the Geelong women to more than their fair share of good looks. All the galleries were draped, and innumerable flags fluttered over them, and at the sides of the pier lay moored three large'wool ships, the Damascus, the Lanarkshire, and the India ; their decks and crosstree« black with spectators, and their rig gingdecked-butsparsely-with bunting. Such was the universal eagerness, that by half-past twelve the company were ¡^waiting, although the Victoria was not in sight. The children sat in their gallery, orderly, but keeping their enthusiasm up to boiling heat by cheering at nothing. Those in the other galieries had nothing to do but to watch and wait. The place of,bustle was the end of the pier, round a very handsome dais erected for His Royal Highncss's accommodation while reooiv mg addresses Hero stood a guard of honour composed of 100 men of the Geelonc Artilh rj under Major Dawson, and here fidgeted about 150 persons members of public bodies, who had to line the pier from the stans to the dais and afterwards join in procession Wo m ly here mention that, though it was part of the programme that the volunteers should line the streets as fai as possible, it was found at the last mo- ment that their patriotism w as scarcely equal to the occasion, and that they prcfurcd to join in tho procession as members of some or other of the friendly societies, Forcstors Odd- fellows and the like who w ore regalia Thus double duty w as imposed on the police, and the century of men requued for purposes of honounng the Prince weie only barely got togcthci The distinguished officials who took the most prominent part in the pioces sion weie a long timo getting into ordei They were-clergymen in gow ns members of boiongh and shire councils, the major m his fun ed lobe, and the town clerk in a black stuff gown, members of Parliament the presiding officers of the afoiementioned fntudly societies, head firemen, nnd others in distinguishable. Not the least remarkable was the last monarch of tho Dandenong tribe of aboriginals, King Jerry, dressed for onceo quite respectably in a new suit of clothes fresh from the peg, shoes and socks on his feet, a rosette and medal on his breast, and a rifle- man's badge on his arm He was to have pre- sented an address and a volume of Dr. Bruce's (sic) work on the aboriginal languages, and swaggered about for hours on the strength of his future interview with the Prince, but alas! when the time came King Jerry was away, and the two scions of a royal race never met. But perhaps the most noticeable man on the pici was Mi Morns, the marshal of the proceedings, who wore a coo tumc devised in taste so curious as to be deserving of descnption Ho woro a postilion's cap, a laced jumper with shoulder coids like a policeman, and trouser stupes like a cn cus ring mastei and a military scarf, and he earned a polished blackwood trun cheon, as big as that of Hamlets fathers ghost On the shore above the pier which lose in natural tenaces, thousands were col lected, and the lout ensemble was one which those who know Geelong m its ordinary aspects would ne\er deem possible Sea waid, the beautiful bay was unspotted, except by small boats, and the s s Salamander, which, like the other vessels mentioned, was waiting for wool lay with a few flags floating from bei ngging While expectation thus ran high the time passed easily, the only diawback to pleasure being the oeeasional squalls of fieice and dust laden wind At ten minutes to one o clock smoko w as seen in tho sea distance and the Victoria was soon made out As hor boilers aie old, she did not dare to steam \ cry fast, but m the fulness of time she came fully into sight when up went the Royal Standard to the main and tho Prince's ensign to her peak Then the bustle on shoie in cieased, and the maishal began to get the people into pi ice This he did cleverly, having some real aptitude foi the work and ata few minutes before two o'clock two lines of Geelong celebrities lined the path of cocoa nut fibre matting laid from the stairs to tho dais, the matting howevci, being continued as far as the point to w Inch the carnages Would be brought By that time the Vittoria had steamed to iv ltlun 100 yiuds of the pier head, and cast anchoi In two minutes hei yards were manned, hei pinnace and launch lowered and manned, and as the Prince de scended the side to take hit, seat in the stern of the former tho Corio batteiy thundered out a salute This was answered by the Vic tona, and the boats were lost m smoke The launch soon reached the pier, and as she did so the cheers beym, and increased, till the shore reverberated with tho noise of the hurrahs The Prince and the Governor both in morning costume, weio the fust to land and they were followed by the Pnnets suite, including Lord Newiy tho non Elliot Yorke, Mr Haig and Mi Brierly His Excellency's suite including Mi Mannus Sutton, his pinato secietaiy, and Lieutenant Rothwell, his aide de camp , Mr Verdon, C B , Captain MacM ihon, Colonel Anderson, Lieutenant Colonel Rede Com mander Norman, of IT M C & S Victoiia, and others The Royal party were met immedi- ately on landing by Mi It do Brace John stone, mayor of Geelong who conducted them to the dais, to which His Royal Highness was welcomed by repeated cheers, waving of ladies' handkerchiefs, and the shiill cues of children On his taking his place, tho mayor and town clerk (Mr J Weire) approached him, and the latter read the following address - " To nis Rojal Highness Prince Alfred, Le " May it please youl Royal nighness "We, the mayoi aldermen, councillors, and burgesses of the town of Geelong desire, m approaching your Royal Highness on this most uispicious occasion, to oiler j ou our sin- cero congratulations and a hearty welcome to the colony of Victoiia ""We beg to express our devotion loyalty, and aflettion to the tin ont and person of our most gracious fcioveieign and our unfeigned rcspett for your Royal Highness and oui high appreciation of the honour you hut con fened upon the colony by youl \ îsit ' Trusting that this expression of our sen- timents may not bo unacceptable to youi Rojal Highness, wo respectfully offei j ou oui waimestwashts that jourfutun piogiess may be crowned with c\ory blessing " RoiiiHT DnBuucL TonNSTOvr Mayoi WILLIAM WtiRHt Town CJeik The Pimce received the address, winch was very beautifully engrossed, and piomised to foi wai da îeply Ile then also received the following addresses - From tho Fieomasons, piesentçd by Mi Harwood. Trom tho Friendly Societies, presented by Mr Chnstie 1 rom the Jewish residents, by Mr Leon Trom the Volunteer lue Brigades hy Mr Knight The Hon Mi Sladen also piescntcd an ad ditssirom the ladies of Goelong, begging that the Galatea might be bl ought to Cono Bay, but the Pimct rtphtd verbally that, while thanking the ladies foi then kind wishes, he "could not take tho lesponsibility of ino\ mg his ship fiom her moorings Replies weie promised to tho other ad- dresses The foi mai ceremony then concluded, and the Pnnce walked up tho hue, while the children sang the National Anthem, honibly out of time. Passing thiough a handsomo aich of evoigieens, inscribed " AVclcomo to Geelong " he cntcied his rar nage, which was escoited by a tioop of Gee- long Light Horse, undor Captain Curie THE RECEPTION AND PROCESSION At an early horn m the day tho stieots of Geelong show ed that something unusual was afloat Nearly all the places of business weie closed, crowds of people, m holiday attire, were pei ambulating tho stieots, and scanning withinteiest the arches, tho decoiations, and the piepaiations generally which weie bomg made foi the reception of the Royal v îsitor The appeaianco and manneis of many m the crow ds indicated at once that Geelong w as not the centre of a great mining oi coimncicial industry Tbtrowasanabsencoof tho dashing equipages, the brilliant and varied dicsses, and those general maries of "stylo" which at once point out tho scat of wealth Tho rural element undoubtedly prevailed m the ciowd It was manifest that the ex- tensiv o agricultural districts surrounding Geelong weie keeping holiday in honoui of tho event, for great numbers of those whom one met in the streets had the " nut brown " hue and the half curious, half vacant staie which mvanabl) mark the ' country v ísitor The work of preparation had commenced last week and vv as busilv prosecuted m many quar te rs almost until thelmur of the Dake sam val Mo have seen Geelong somewhat gay and hvclv on former oecasions but today the aipearance vvhieh she presented was am mated picturesque and even brilliant All the principal streets seemed embosomed in a massofvancdandgorgeouscolourmg which if not always harmonious and tasteful was at least eflcctiv c Inferior to Melbourne in tho number and \ anety of the flags and streamers and the citent of the bunting it was much superior in the matter of evergicens arche«, and floral ornamentation There was m deed nothing to be compared to the arch which spanned Collins street but m all the lending streets the.ro weie large arches of evergreens which if bearing the marks of rude and hasty construction gav o a colouring and variety to the scene which materially in creased its beauty and effect 1 ho amount of floral and evergreen decoration at the shops and houses along the leading street vv as almost cvcissiv c A large part of Moora bool street seemed continuously festooned with foliage on cither side and m some othci streets the quantity of decoration was almost equally great Hie effect of all this mass of t,ricn colouring contrasted with the blighter huís of the flags and banners and relieved by tho crowds of baily dressed people who vv ero thronging the paths vv as at once cheer ful and picturesque Hie weather was on the whole pleasant and agreeable A cool soulhcily,brec/i was blowing and though it now and then swept clouds of dust along the streets it was jet felt to be preferablo to a day of sultij heat ihe crowds all streamed m the direction of the whaif where tho landing was to take place and left for a time the leading thoioughfares somewhat dull i By the time the Vietona was m sight » laige assemblage had collected on the pier, and all the available space on Couo terraco was filled with crowds of people It was on this broad esplanade that the marshalling of the procession took place Befoie one o clock all the different bodies vv ho weie to take part in the procession weie on tho ground and vvcro arranged with little difliculty by the marshal Ali W 1 Morris Tho spectacle which at this time presented itself was full of interest and beauty The crowds on the slopes of the terrace and the long line of tho various bodies comprising tho piocession, formed an animated foreground to a picture in which the rippling vvaters of the bay and tho wooded slopes of the You lungs stood out as a picturesque background Iho ceremonies attendant on the landing being over the procession started ata quarter past two o clock Hie Royd cimage on ascending from the wharf and cnteungCorio tiiinci w as greeted vv ith enthusiastic cheers by the assembled multitude The procession, though not reniaikiiblo for length and want- ing somevv hat in tho clem« nts of splendour and picturcsqucness contained i fair «presentation of the public bodies of the district As usual ni provincial towns it was headed by tin diffuent rho brigades with then engines dicssid up in cveiy variety of colour Then followed the Band of Hope the Rechabitts and the Sons of Temperance, then the diffcient friendly societies then the public bodies then | the illustrious visitoi accompanied by the Governor and attended by a numerous suite, and lastly a mimbil of pnvate carnages J ho following is tin older of the procos sion - Advance Guard of 1 rinco of Wales Light Horso Bind 1 ro Brigades lied abites Sons of lempcranco Bind Ancient Order of Forostors Ancient Indof oi dent Order of Odilfoifov s Hauchestcr Unity lndoi emlont Ordoi of Oddfellows Members of Hoad Boanls Mombors of Shlro Councils iiuiilcl] al Councils Kccq tion Committee Corporation of doolong, * Clorgy Band Advnnco Guard of tlio Escort S Carringo coi talnii j, IIB II tlio Duko of "J 3 jj Ldiubuigli aid lils, Lxoolloney tlio ffg P° Govomor eg "3 » Cnrrlae.o of tlio Sulto gg. 8.a Carriages ?3 Il c rnu»U!> S S tZ>* Hear Guard of tho Escort 2 liom Corio teiraco the procession pro- ceeded through a tnuniphal aub to Moor abool street This street was the most lavishly decoratid portion of tho route, and to the eje it presented a mas3 of green Hanked by lines of people and overhung with mossis of diapery and flags At the mteisiction of Moorabool and Mulop streets a splendid aich had been. erected by the fuo bngade It was as near as possible octagonal in form was overlaid, with evergreens and decorated vv ith Howers and flags Around it weie hung ropiosenta tions of the Prince Britannia, the Queen a Highlander a harp Kc and at each of four of its sidis w oro the words ' Tho fire bri- gade s w clcotno to the son of the Queen, Wo are always îeady , Ready and willing and longland expects ovuy mau to do Ins duty Tho aich altogethei was a \iry tasteful manifestation of the lovally and enthusiasm of the (no bngade All the way up "Uooiabool stuet His Royal Highness was received with ginmil enthusiasm by tho considciablc clouds who had collected on the sidipaths and who filled the windows on both sidis of the street At the mtci soition of Momahool sticctand M Killop stuet tbepro lession p issed undoi anothci tiiumplialarcb, nudpioccidtd along the latter street to Gher nighup street Advancing along this stieetit passed under a thud arch of considerable sizo tttidpietensions pioceeded by the town hall, and tinned into Malop streot Here again anothei laige aich was constructed gaily diessed with flags and flowers and tluough it tlio procession tumid into Moorabool street At this point tho different publie bodies fonned ind lund the pallis on both sidos, and the Rojal carnage passed tluough ind diovo up to Macs Hotel amid the loud cheirs of the crowds winch still thionged Cono terrace A guaid of honom consisting of tho Geelong Aitilhry Corps under the command of Major Dawson was sta tionid at the door and presented aims as His Royal Iliehncss passed Hero the Royal progress foi the time tornnuated Deficient m those clements of giandeur windi vast mimbus and a lavish oxpmdituro can alono give to a Boyal reception it was yet a display full of enthusiasm and hearti- ness Geelong may fairly bo congratulated on the leciption which sho has given to the Duko of Ldmburgh , and if oui Royal visitor missed the more imposing scenes which marked his îcception m Melbourne he could not fail to apprinato tho good foiling which animated the crow ds who wokomed him Tür ILLUMINATIONS Gidong vv as illuminated last night foi tho first time as far as wo ai e aw are m its Ins tory Of coursi all criticism on a display of this kind in a comp ir itively bmall and scat ttrcd town must bo relative , an 1 tlicrefoio when we say that the illumination lost night was tolerably good it must not bo sup- posed that it m any sense approached the scene which 'Melboune presented on Tues day night There was no such hhi/o of light as was tin own out by some of the more ex- tensive illuminations in Collins stint and onlv a few of tho transparencies wero above mediomty Indeed it struck us tint wo had uhcadyBccn somoof theselattcrinMelbounie,. but it may only ho that Geelong and Mel- bourne artists nio similar in then stylo and treatment The illuminations were generally confined to Moorabool md Malop strcete, Iho pnncip d portions of these two streets wire toltrabJj won lighted , but tho scattered; i position of the chief illuminations prevented them from having tho effect which they . otherwise would have had. The Market- square . was lighted with Chinese lanterns, and the , market building illuminated with lines of gas . jets. As far as the limited extent of the ground permitted, the effect was brilliant and , picturesque, and it formed a very pretty centre to the general illuminations of the town. . A large gas star shone over the Mechanics' Institute, and the Electric Telegraph Office was Hghtedwith rows of variegated lamps. . One of the most effective displays was at tho Bank of Victoria. The outlines of the build- ing we're illuminated with a scroU of gas, with the letters "A. B. A."in the centre. The London Chartered Bank had an anchor and chain in gas, and the Colonial Bank a star. ' The Bank of Australasia hail a transparency on one front and a large, star in gas on the other. On the National Bank was a trans- parency representing Peace, and the word "Welcome." At the Advertiser office was a star in gas ; and at tho Jtcyistcr office a star, with the letters " P. A." The Town-haU was illuminated in the front with a gas crown, and the letters "P.A." on each side. At the end of the haU was a brUliant gas star. On the premises of Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. there wos a large star ; and Messrs. Bright and Hitchcock had a largo transparency represent- ing Britannia and Victoria, with the motto, "United.we prosper." Over the business , establishment of the mayor, Mr. R. de Bruco Johnstone, was a transparency of Victoria welcoming tho Prince, and offering him a laurel wreath ; behind Victoria was the figure of a native, and the car of the Prince was drawn by seahorses. The Bank of New South Wales had a star in glass, with the Duke's arms in tho centre. Mr. Franks, stationer, had a figure of tho Galatea. On the premises of Mr. 15\. Knight, saddler, there was a transparency representing Victoria and the Prince in the centre, and a native and a digger at each side. The Union Hotel had a portrait of the Queen, and the windows lit up with variegated lamps. Tho,lied .Lion Hotel.had a crown, and the letters "A.B." Messrs. Anderson,. HaxelL and Co. and Clarke Brothers had stars in gas. The above aresotno of the princi- pal illuminations, which, it will be seen, ora hrace very little besides the ordinary designs on such occasions. The night on the wholo is favourable, and the illuminations are seen to .advantage. Considerable numbeis of people now throng tho principal streets, 