ARTUR HAS AN IDEA OF HIS OWN ! " Thia ia none o' my höoä, This ia nnne o' roy hoos, ( I ken it by tbe biggin o't," eal ig, or rather hummed, the Chief in a very diemal tune as he left" the House " on Thursday night last, and wended our weary way to the refreshment roora. No," said the Chief, " this is liane o' my boos. There is granite in this house -there are hard-baked bricks from tho North in this House that I cannot mould ns I should wish-the material is r.ot plastic. These ne « members from the North are not of the old race. I like them not, these Norsemen. There be the great Archers we read of in olden tine, who let fly tremendous arrows; their ponderous shafts pierce eren my <Bt triplex. No," said tho Chief with a dismal shake of his head, " this is nane o' my hoos." " Let's liquor up," said I ;" oh, Chief you are metaphorical-cocktail?" He nodded a melancholy assent, and con- tinued as I compounded the renovator. " Metaphor and melancholy go to- gether. I have Been a ghost to-night." "A ghost!" said I, stopping for a moment ia the elaborate work I was engaged in. " A ghost : you are dream " I saw, sir," said lie, " the ghost of my political ascendancy, the ghost of ray youth-my political youth, I mean -when I led the HOUBU and governed the colony. That ghost, sir, will never be flesh and blood again, I (ear. There is a change in everything. The chango affects me though I remain unchanged; everything is relativo in this world. There was a fine old fellow in liome who gained victories by delaying." '? I li o ow him," said I ; " he Was a military swell ; they called him Cunctator. I got many a thrashing for following his example." " Well, sir," continued tho Chief, " il. is likely that you (and I) shall have another thrashing for the same fault. Yes, I think I have delayed loo long. If I had only proclaimed ' five selection' in time, who could have touched us. Wo would have bi en as firm as the rock of Cashel, that Tipperary non possum us of a rock. Too late, too Jaie !" said tho Chief, and I was reminded of Napoleon cs he retreated inch by inch before the world to Fontainebleau. " Too late ; yes, my best card was trumped by thc tfheepisrs. Yet, we could have fouuht (lunn and beat them. Dut these Norse- men ; no, they will not bu beaten. It is a diifeicut style; iliey will not be brow- beaten. I am a pretty fair hand at ' abuse; I tried it nu will) thc Kennedy man, you remember; well, you see.it did not go down : thu personalities were distasteful lo this House. Formerly, such a brilliant assaut de langue Would have beeu cheered by my followers ; this one was not. Sir, my star has paled before the Northern luminary." " Say not so, oh ! Chief," I answered, j " for let tho Northern luminary he never so bright, you are our constella- tion, our Southern Cross, though the people do say you have been a very heavy cross to bear." " The people be hanged," said he viciously; "I wish (hey had only oiie neel; and I could select its destination I promised them everything, sir, aud now they begin to hate mo because a few men propose to di something better than 1 promised. "I wish," said the Chief, "I had never bisen a ptiblii: mau. If I had cultivated a small farm - bantus Hie qui procul a negotii«, man wants but little here below, nor wants that little long. Wy Jove!" said the Chief suddenly "a good idea!" " Yes," said I " the poet-" " Poet be-blowcd," said the Chief! " he's no poet-it would he beltter than thc Chairmanship, lilt, eh! if he could Only be induced to give it. I Bli, eh !" said he, " Crown Solicitor-not j so bad," and in an apparent absence of mind drinking up my glass, which was nearly full, he walked away with a springy step that surprised me. 1 was left alone. I could not understand him. I " pilt on " several glasses to see his I meshing-I did not see it for a length ol time. At last I saw it though a " flash of lightning "-the Chief had an idea!-an original idea! Well, if the idea become un Jail accompli, what will become of us ? -thc Courier and Queensland Times. ONE OF TKUM. 