ABYSSINIA, nnia appears destined ere many months . • to be the theatre of a very importantcontest—the combatants being the barbarous k a barbarous ruler, and the troops of England, and the question to be decided will be whether hit Majesty King Theodbreghall be permitted to retain in prison certain (British subjects, in defiance of the earnest appeals of England for their release. The movements of the expedition will be watched ^tnimore than common interest; indeed a very considerable amount of well grounded anxiety will nd; doubt be felt for their ultimate success, ifibdi safety. At present, all the information we of the country through which the troo|>3 willhave to malfe their way is exceedingly scanty andirague, and of the number and character of the ^nemy they will have to encounter there is comparatively nothing known. If, therefore, ^e ^ame success which has been the rule witli the .British arms in other parts of the world should, unfortunately, not follow them in this instance, the most serious results may be anticipated.:; To semi-savuges like the Abyssinians, whose : only pay is plunder when led by such a man;; as King Theodore, who is, even by his friends, spoken of as of a most ungovernable apd^j passionate disposition, the signal of the i defeat of their enemies would be that of wholesale jtnassacre, and probably few, if anv, would be spared to tell of their defeat. Under such circumstances, the expedition, which will consist of about twelve thousand men of all arms, appears very small, and inadequate to tiie severe <^uty it may be called upon to perform : the ihore so, as a very considerable portion will have to be detached in order to keep open the communication with the sea-board, and for the escort of supplies to the army in the field. There are many who ask why all this risk of life should be incurred—why England should should go to the expense of sending an armed force to demand the release of men who had offended against the laws of. the country. And some question the right of England to interfere with his Abvssinian Majesty in the government of his own kingdom. Forj'years past, the nations of Europe have bten losing sight of what is generally regarded as right andjijustice, in the high estimate attached to what is considered politic, and most likely to benefit mankind generally, and it is in this light that the affair of the British captives in Al>ys?inia t-hould be viewed ; but apart from this view of the question, it must be borne in mind that one of the captives, Captain Cameron, is the Consul of her Majesty, and is answerable only to the Knglish Government for Iris conduct, and not to King Theodore. When the British demanded the release of the Consul, the names of all the other prisoners were included. It is therefore on his account the demand was made, and should have been respected. It was not, and England ii=, in duty to one of her servants, bound to enforce it. So that irrespective of political interests the course which the English Government has adopted must be regarded as far more just than was the case in other instances which have taken place of late years, and ended in war. In a political sense, the expedition may prove to be the pioneer of much good, providing it be' the means of subduing the turbulent spirit of the Abyssinian Monarch, and teaching him to respect foreigners, whether traders or travellers. He may make these and many more concessions so soon as he finds that the invading force has landed 011 his shores. If not, and he should take the field against the English forces, the probability is that lie will suffer defeat, with the ulti mate loss of a large portion of his dominions. If success attends the British arms, whether the termination of hostilities be occasioned by Theodore's submission or his defeat, the result must be of great benefit to England, and to the world generally. It will be the means of opening a trade with the regions of Central Africa of which we know little or nothing at present, excepting that they are densely populated, and that a considerable traffic is carried on by caravans from the north. In fact, it is impossible to speculate upon the good which may result from this attempt at seeing more of King Theodore's dominions, nor is it at all probable that the inhabitants themwill be any the worse for becoming more intimate with Europeans and their customs. In a military point of view, the possession of a portion of the seaboard of Abyssinia would be of very great value to England, as it would give her more command over the Red Sea than she lias at present, and not only greatly strengthen her influence in the East generally, hut be a check to any attempts made by France to add to her possessions ia the North, and a good 1 1 balance "' to the power which she has obtained by the Suez Canal. Never perhaps has so small a force left the British shores, from whose success so much is to be hoped, and in whose failure so much is to be feared. Its career will be watched with great anxiety, not only by Englishmen, but by every well-wisher of civilisation and progress.— Empire. FENCING.—The Sydney Morning Herald in a leaditig article, Nov. 2, says:—" There is some morje show of reason in the objection which is founded in the cost of a good fence; but it is clear that if when a man has taken a station he cannot afford to fence—he has done a foolish afct.; In fact, he has done that which will increase his anxieties and his work, and reduce his returns. When it is shown—and experience so exhibits the facts—that the cost of a year's shepherding, hutkeeping, and rations, with extra expense at lambing, will exceed that of the original cost of a brush fence, proof against both elieep and cattle—that nearly double the uumber of sheep can be carried on the fenced rim— that the cast of lambs will he increased, and the quantity of wool largely augmented; it is clear that a man who invests all his cash in sheep and leaves none for fencing is guilty of a foolish act. Take it which way we will, a balance is ehown in favour of the paddocks the Jirst year; for: though the cost of the fence may be unusually large, on account of the scarcity of timber!, the sating in the 'manual labour, and in tbe| condition and products of the animal, will still-be so large as to determine the balance to the credit side. Mr. Gordon, official inspector of sheep, an observer of considerable experience, has recently issued a pamphlet upon fencing, in which he estimates the expenses in the lease of a block of land ten miles one way by twelve another. He supposes this block to be:' fenced with forty-four miles of boundary "chock and log" fence, at the price of £50 per: mile; and that half its cost is met by neighbouring owners. The sum remaining Tfvould be £llQ0. He then supposes this area ^o be subdivided into twelve paddocks, which would, require fifty-four miles of subdivision brush fence at £17 per mile, costing £918, which, added to the above, would bring the total to £2018. Having expended this sum, what is the saving to the settler in the mere item of labour? From Mr. Gordon's estimate It would appear that. 20,000 sheep, which such an>-area unfeneed would carry, would require 13.!«hepberds at £35 per annum each; 7 lintke^pers, each at £25 ; 20 rations each at £20 peir annum, and extra help amounting to £3.0. These itenjs would create a sum total of £930. The shepherding in the other case—one boundarjp rider having charge of two ; paddocks— amounts,'with wear and tear of horseflesh and harness, to £590 per annum. Further, interest is; charged upon the original, outlay In fencing at thVrate of 10 per tent., which, upon £2000, • amounts, to £200. This affords aJialance of £i|40 in favour of fencing. It would not do, . however, to regard this balance as disposable. ; "Nothing, for instance, has .been- allowed .for re- ! pwrA->hich^ixidjceEt&nJy.; cost S-jier cent, per j anpnro, -reducing the £,140 to £40,—and -then [ Ance iipe ience would require to-be renewed jn ! sey»nortfn<yeaTS, 6 <>r 7i per cent; Bhonld be j f&ptfiUy; wjitten olf for a'renewal fund. Rupaj rwirig; the interest on tjhe £2000 was reduced to 7J per cent, and the renewal, fund was the product of a charge upon the same sum of 7| per cent., £60 would be left against the fencing. But this would speedily be lost sight of—if we adopted the figures of the writer—in the results of doubling the capabilities of the run, augmenting the surplus disposable stock, and increasing the growth of wool from £50,000 to £132,000 per annum. If such be the return upon the expenditure of £2000, it is somewhat surprising tbat the pastoral tenant should allow the ghost of the free selector to frighten him out of its enjoyments." NEW PROCESS or PRESERVING ANIMAL FOOD. —We have received from Messrs. Bailey and Son, of Lawrence Pountney Hill, a pamphlet entitled " Observations upon a new and simple process tfor the preservation of meat, poultry, fish* and other varieties of animal food, in temperate -and tropical climates." The statements in the pamphlet are highly interesting, and the new process, devised it appears b}' Messrs. Medlock and Bailey, has the recommendation at least of being simple and cheap. Should its efficiency be established, an incalculable boon will have been conferred upon the nation at large. We make the following extracts from the pamphlet: —By its means the meat, poultry, game, fish, &c.;, of a large household, or wholesale establishment, can be effectively preserved for mouths in any weather, at a nominal expenditure of time and money; no soldered tin cases are required. no complex apparatus is necessary, no want of flavor or nutritive power is the result; and finally, whether the edibles thus treated are eaten in two daj's' or two months' time, nobody save the actual manipulator need know anything about it. In the case say of a small family who wisli to keep a leg of mutton, or a sirloin of beef, for a wec-k in sultry, thundery weather, with the thermometer at 90 degrees, take a teacupful of "Medlock and Bailey's Patent Bisulphite of Lime Solution," a dessert spoonful of common salt, and about a quart of cold water, mixing the same in an earthern pan, basin, or other suitable vessel. Dip the meat in this mixture for a few minutes, taking care with the end of a cloth to wet it all over; then hang the joint up as usual. A dip night and morning will ensure its keeping sweet and fresh for any length of time. If the weather is unusuall} 7 hc.t, a cloth soaked in the same solution may be wrapped .round it with advantage. Game and poultry may be treated in precisely the same manner, having been first plucked and drawn. Fish, too, should be previously gutted. Eggs may be retained in the fresh or new laid condition simply by being completely covered over with bran soaked with the same liquid mixture ; while bacon can be prevented from getting rusty by this simple plan, which of course can }>e readily modified to suit different articles of food. If the joints are large and numerous the proportion should be thus:—Bisulphite of lime, 2 quarts; common salt, 1 pint; water, 4 gallons. When the meat, &c.;, is required for cooking, all that is necessary is to lay it in cold water for a few minutes, and afterwards to dry it thoroughly in a cloth ; on a close inspection no odour or other alteration whatever will be apparent—the lean will not be reddened, nor the fat changed to the deep yellow tint so often apparent with hung meat, and the texture will be, as at first, firm and consistent Nay, more, if, not content with the evidence of our ordinary senses, we place a portion under the microscope, we shall observe that the general structure of the tissues has not suffered in tl'e slightest degree ; and if we went further, and delivered the whole to an analyst, his report would be that the various nutritious principles were present as usual, and had not sustained tha slightest injury.—Exchange. SMELTING IRON BY MAGNKTISM.— Of all the remarkable applications of electro- magnetism which have been made within the past three or four years, the most remarkable is perhaps the one now talked about—namely, the use of an electro- magnetic current in the smelting of iron. We hear that the experiment has been tried at one of the leading iron works at Sheffield, and with complete success. The mode of operation, as roughly described, is to place a fixed electromagnet opposite an opening in the side of the furnace, to excite the magnet by means of a Smee's battery, and to direct the current of magnetism into the molten metal. The effect is surprising ; the metal appears to bubble and boil, the melting is expedited, which economises fuel, and the quality of the iron is so much improved that for toughness and hardness it can liarnlv be equalled. It appears that some, if not all, of the impurities which remain after the ordinary process are driven ont by the u.=e of magnetism; consequently this new application of the occult element may be regarded as full of promise for all who work in iron. As is known to some mechanicians, the late Dr. Sievier invented a process by which iron could be converted into puddled or wrought iron before it left the smeltiii!;- furnace; but the employment of magnetism seems to be more effectual.—Alhenasum. A SPICY STORY,—There was a knot of sea captains in a store at Honolulu, the keeper of which had just bought a barrel of black pepper. Old Captain , of Salem, came in, and seeing the pepper, took up a handful of it. " What do you buy such stuff as this for ?" said he to the storekeeper; "it's half peas"'—"Peas!"' replied the storekeeper ; " there isn't a pea in it."' Taking up a handful as he spoke, lie appealed to the company. They all looked at it, and plunged their hands into the barrel, and bit a kernel or so, and then gave it as their universal opinion that there wasn't a pea in it. " I tell you there is," said the old captain, a«iain scooping up a handful, and I'll het.a dollar on it." The old Boston argument all over the world. They took him up. " Well," said he " spell that," pointing to the word 'p-e-p-p-e-r,'printed on the side of the barrel; "if that isn't half ' p's' then I'm no judge, that's all." The bet was paid. STORY WITH A MORAI..—When General Jackson was moving on to strike M'Clellan's flank on the Chickahominy, he came to stream which had no bridge, and could not be crossed without one. The General had brought with him from the Valley a rough, uneducated man, full of energy, who had served him in emergency, and in whom lie had the utmost confidence. He called the man, and told him that that the stream must l.'t bridged immediately; the regular engineers were also advised of the fact. In a short time the rough carpenter and the polished men of science were at the stream—the former had his plan, the latter theirs; he wished to go at the work at once without drawings, but they objected until they could perfect the plans on paper. The engineers retired to their tent to perfect a paper bridge : the carpenter took his men, and went to work to make a real one. In a very short time he appeared at the General's tent, and reported, briefly, thus: "General, that bridge is done, but them pictures ain't come yet." This story has a moral that all our readers can discover.— Christian Advocate. 