OUR MONTHLY SUMMAIY. ;'The Mail closes at haf past I1I am so Friday next, 26th inst. Our Summary for irons mission to the United Kingdom, India, -c, will be published on Thursday morning. ind will be for warded to addresses sent to the offlee in time for posting The subscription is fivee shillings per annum paid in advance. Single copies Sixpence Ir will be seen by advertisement that, in a'dotion to the volunteer prizes to be com. pated for on 25th instton, his Excellency offers further prizes to be- shot for by all volunteers who may have completed the course of musketry instruction, by the 10th May next, including those who are already qualifed. Teun President of the Mechanics' Institute opens the lecture session on Thursday even. ing by a discourse on " The prcgress of scienco."I Tua Theatre was again opened on 'Ihuers. day night by Mr. Reeves, Mr. Simms, and Miss Laporte. A varied entertainment was given. A MlaRTINo for the purpose of presenting anaddress and a testimonial to the Rev. Sam uel Ironside, he being about to leave the colony of South Australia for Tasmtnsi, was held in the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church on April 8. There was a .tolerably numerous attendance, and the Rev. John Watstord (Chairman of the District), occupied the chair. An address accompanied by a purse of soveloigo,. was presented to Mr. Ironside. We observe that tihe Rev. gentle man and his family have arrived at Hobart T.,wn. Ma. EvAns, the secretary fr the Tas-' manian' Court of the Exh bition, writes thst at a meeting of 'the Commoi.sioners on 15th, for. awarding special commission medals for exhibits of more than ordinary merit, Tsa n ania got her fair share of them, but he has not yet heard t ae eno .-asful names. Ar Hobart Town on Thursday. Ensign Ievell Thorns wAS a'a:5 brought up et th? Police Court but farther remanded until 20th itat. Tuti Lymington annual raeps take place on Monday. There are three races. on. the pro.ramme. Tui Ministerial tour-to the *North Cast has t-rminated: The bon. th,' Premier, Sir R Dry, and the hon,.. W. L Dobson, Esq., arrived in town on Thlriaty ay cornoonu.: Sir R. Dry i;nmerlrntely lot forhi bi estate ar Qiaamby,. Mr." Dab-on proceed dl; by Page's conoh to Campbell Town the same evening, intending to contione the journey to Hobart Town yesterday. His Excelleny. - the Governor, Col. Gore Browne, Mrs. Browne and suite arrived at Qlanmhy, the sent'of Sr R. Dry, the Premier, on Thureday afternoon! ON' of the most romantic love alffairs we have heard ,of for some time came before the City Cour,, 'Melbonrne, on Monday. A respt ctahh-Inoking woman named Emma Robinson was arcusel of threatening to com mit suaicide. ' Tht prltonnr's sister Misted that they had both premised to meet a young mar outside of St. Paul's Ohuceh on the previous evening, and aslhe did not come at the appointed time, 'the prisrner gave Way to tier feelings to snch an extent that she threatened to omnmit suicide.. Thb'witness added that she herself was brlce en'ngged to the man Fe. ferred to, but sihe had given him over tO hier sister, because the latter was hetter looking than witness wam. The Bench, after ad. monishilg the prisoner discharged tier. \- A'z;Oitvtay of cull has been made near Wanearatti. Victoria. towards Myhreo on the road to the Broken River. A party of diggers have Ieen in the lotolity working on quietly for about twelve months. I'uan Electrio Telegraph "Office was not opened last night at 9 o'clock. YEAsitm tY being Good Friday was oh served as a closan holiday. The wenther was delightful, and 'after the enstiarnry religiousI services, boating a.,d picnic parties were ex. I tensively .indulued in.' A large number of sportsmen al-o took the field at an early hour, I and though according to the letter of the law quail shooting does noteommenco until to-day, we fear if the ghosts of the birds could give evidence there wotult be a large number, to I _ protest anainast Illegal slsighter. The Public I Olces, Banks, and soan other estblsah- - ments will remain closed during to-day and Monday. .. Two sermons will be proached in the White. more Wesleyan Chapel to-imorrow, by the Rev. J. Waterhouse, in aid of the SabIath S heool. , Tut Rev. F. Hibberd, of Sydney. will preach at Perth to-morrow morning and •evenina! YsrsioDAY the cbil Iren of Bri'htne-stre,:t Sunday School received their customary Good Friday treat. Having ass mlled at 1 p.m.. and received some clhtot refreshment, tht-y proceeded. aecomtpanid by teaolhrst and friends, to the top of the CataraeI- hill, where the af ernoon was passed iti various games. in which all .jAinil heartily. At 5 o'clhok. the ord r wao given i, "filli ," and the childr..,t march di back i . the ,e ol t, where tea wao provided, aft,.r dieCtaain which the, party, ep;nr. tse , i 1 ple'., d with their treat. Tur. Queen haa been pleased to approve of M. Guiseppi Blagi as consul-gueneral at Mel- I bourne, with jurcdintion over Victoria. Sutnt Australia, Tnawstanin, and Now Zealand, Ibor his Majeoty the King of italy. NOTWritrTAreINO? the re..nt bleak weather t snakes have tot yet relired t'i their winter < qutarter.-. =We hear that one of the tlnck spepci- a"aout f?or feet in length' wa seero on tilts VWe-t Tuantur. road .t-sterday, abut a mile fromt town. A RaItOma of ,iporta anI exports for the last two year's t!it? been laid beflre the Vie torian Ptrititenit Frot, Ne, South Vahles, Now Zealand. South Australia, Queenland, Tasrnanma,taad W sternA hstraliiu the imports of 1866 chow an excess in value or £277,582, and the exlorts to the same places an excess of £280,983 over thle aimounts of lat year. The' trade with Tasmania has' diminished in regartl to itnpitrls, but in.'ressed in ex parts, and ray oie regarded as having been, as a whole stb:aly diraing the two years. A similar remark applies to Queensland, with this difference, that the decrease is in the exp irts ind the increase in the imports. 'lThe Queensland trade. however, is small and un. important.. With South nod Western Aus tralia there has been less trade in every way : a change the causes of which are to Ie sought Ibr rl ther in the state of affairs with those colonies, than with Victoria. The gross amount of trade with the six neighbouring colonies has, as we have shown, increased very much in both imports and exports As to the diffieulties between the Moravian missionaries and the natives at Lake Hope, a letter has been receoived from Mr. Deo.m, who residea 50 miles from the locality, under date March 27th as follows:--"The blacks have bent troubling sthe missionaries very much. They have quite given them a fright. They demanded all their rations, and told them if.they did not give them up they wduld kill them; The missionaries had three horses saddled for three days ready to leave all to tho blacks. The potli t from the Liake being on.patrol called round tht way just in time to put a, stop. ,to all further interlerence by the blacks for. the time. I believe the police are staying' with them. I don't know for how Ing, but as soon its they leave the blacks will be as hat as ever. If this be the case, the missionaries are talking of coming down to Mannwankinina If they have to run away in this manner it will be a bsha thing for the settlers' in the Par North, as it will embolden the natives very . much." The Adelaide .b server of the Oth inst. say:-"Some news of this reached town last week, when some of the settlers wnitd upon the Chief Secretary, who immediately gave inatroueions to the t'omoissinner of Police to reinlorce the sta tibn at Lake Hope. 'The Commissioner car ried , out.his illst uetionti with Ueiat pmrompti. tade." We (Adelaide Observer), understand on good authority that the two companies of the. 14th now in Adelaide have received orders to loin the left wing of the regimeent in Hobart Town, and that four companies of the 50th, now at Auckland tinder the command of Colonel Hnmley, will replace the 14th hero. Where accommodation is to be found for four companies in Adelaide we cannot .,very wgll see, buhat no doubt the 'Government will be found equal to the emergency. TRE scandal which has lately been circu lated in Melbourne relative to a medical man of higlh position and a certain lady, ap pears to be in a fair way of being cleared up, the solicitor of. the gentleman whose name has been spoken of in: connection with it having been instructed to offer a reward of £200 to any person who will give such information as will bring the slander home to its author. Tre works in connection with the Vic torianWoollen Cloth Manufacturing Company at Geelong continue rapidly to progress. The piping from the engine to the River Barwon, a.distance of 1150 yards, has been finished. Timr estimates of Victoria contain the sum of £3000 for the improvement of the harbor of Belfast. A similar sum is also allottedito Warrnambool for the like purpose. Both amounts nave passed the Assembly. Beevons Lord Chief Justice Cockburn renently a man sudd nly rose and claimed to be the rightful sovereign of Great Britain, by virtio of his descent trom James II. Sir Alexander Oockburn coolly asked him if he had anything further to say, and the soi di?ann Stuart, tken aback by the matter-of. fact way in which lis important claim had been received, sat down extinguished. AN hmusing instance of absence of mind receonlly occurred at Woodancgerak. An old and respected resident (says the Beaufort Chronicle) whp Ihn settled down to the cultivation of the soil, hail worked so bare and got over so muih ground. during the' week, that ho took it/ioto his head that Saturday was Sunday, aid, being a man of very correct habit., cau.ed his wife srid family to comport thr-maelves doeordingly on thalt daty. Sunday onate, and the yeonann not doubting it was Ioulnday, harnessed his horse, put him into the dray, anrd priceedted to Mount Oilo fir a.load of timber. On hlis arrival at the Mount he was surprised to find that the sawmill was at rest, and the splitters not at work. On being aold that it was Sabbath day our friend dis rovered his error, and at once took the horse frou theldrry and rode quietly iome. llona?ornzsu.-iMormonism will soon be a thing of the past.' A bill has been before the Senate for some weeks, prescribing severe punishment for polygamy, and making Mor Iron priests criminals. Amendments have sineo been introduced, and soeea likely to bie earried, making it ur ofienco punishable with a hne of notless than $500 or more than $10,000 for any men to claim the right to a ' spiritual wife." These latter personages are to be specially protected. T''hey are to have a clainm in law upon the property of their "spiritual husbands," but their children are to be considered as illegitimate, and are to inherit from the motherand not from tire father. The real agent in destroying this scandalous mockery of a religion will, however, be the railway which is now being carried across the desert to Utah, and which, by destroying the isolation in which the Mormons now exist, arnd by bringing public opinion to bear on them, will practically do more than all the penal laws which Congress can pass. WEATHER GAGEon" writing to Belfs Life in Sy';cy 'ey Aquatic ?atlers says:-Our -lunar, Tiwr friends aneoun:o a gran I regatta for next Chiiillama , alid as they give the handsome prize of £300 for all yachts ini 1861, which was very nearly carried off by Mir. Bi.teas Surprise. from this colony, if they are eqirlly litberal this year, o ,sioant they wil have the Xnrif.i, the Mtistra.: n, the Vivid on the Derwen', to represent the R. S. Y. S. MaARRIn nBY MISTAKa.-Edward Thayer and Miss Malll lP' Jellman, attended by Arr. Arostair limphrey anti Ainne i. Crauso went to .t. Paul'r Church, the former couple to cet married, and tht latter to set as groomsman.anid iridehsmaiit. They all stood before the altar, and the ouffiisting clergyvmn, the Rev. Mr. Dunn, supposalng ' liat both couples were to no marrierd, rqrqested the genrtlerni to Join handa with their respective Ildies, which was done. and in a very short spare of time the four were made two. The sitnalinri being fully rodised try th' latter couple, they concluded to 'accept what they could not very well help, and itl aldjeurned to their toard. o.irhruse quite well pleased with the result ol Ire preacher's mistake.-Detroit Union. Tirt Admirnity, finding that the medical server ato the navy is gradually growing i ill ds. :avor amnooest professrionl men, lately hit oner a notablle scheme for ortarling a suppty of sar reeors. Instead of increasing their privileges and placing them, as they should do, on a proper Iooting with regard to tire combatrtant officers, they prnlorsed to sursidise certain medienl stn dealnts during their tenure of study, and get them t sut s.:libe a bond to serve is the tnavy for ten years after they have passed their examinatilone. I'he notion Iears the geooine Admirally slnimp, not does not seem likely to becorme very Ipopular. One sign or its lailure is to be found in the eInt that. at a lumerously attended ieeting of the "andents atUniverrsity College irnspilsl, andler the presidency of the senior house surgeon, the irtutltr nats been discussed, and it is scarcely neo cessary to add, unaumoously condemned TRANsLATION O? A BaAUTrFUL PASSAGE ranot ; A Pansla PoaT.--'l'be Heavens are a point from the pen ot God's perfection: the Woril is a tbud trum the bower of His beauty ; the Sun is a spark from the light of Hlls wis wisdom; ainl the Sky is a bubble pa the sea of His power. His beauty is tree from.the spot of sin hidden in the thick eail oftdarknessi lie made mirrors of the arsons of thie world, and threw a refiectlio from Iils own face on every atom. REBsPILATO?N tN RuNeINo.-Now the novice Iwhen he .tegitlt to run, commits tile grave miSn take of breathing out his resident Iral : in orlder to command a range for a deeper luesplrtion, Ie reduces his restalcst air greatly, and hae Is not able to replace It ,by the etmospheri 'air,; which is too oxygenons and too cold, and i he. guts out of breath, and If be cannot ly degrees regover a ccrttin proportion of that which lie has lost, there Is nothing for it unt to ero;,. Thre more experienced man, on the contrary, en deavours to keep all he hoe got, anrt to add is It by intruding on the complementary spice. When he'has replaced the small qoantlly which at the comhiencemelnt of the muscular action he may have lost, non when be has raised this beyond what it was at starting, by taking in the comple. meolary air also, he is said to have got his "second wind," and he can then go on comfortably fr a lrong period. ;lte tries by prac lice to attain the art of holding hie breath, anil adding thereto, not the faculty of storng and deep expiration and Inspiration. Ilie object Is to increase thle capacity of his chest, to fill it fuller and keep it foull so that the phrase no often heard in racing elables, when a horse is anid to have taken a "gentlte , Ipeoponer," Is singularly incorrect, and we shotld rat her try to shut our pipes and keep them shut, or we ashall soon arrive at the stage when a man is seen gasping f?i air, literally like a fish out of water - C'oranill liaogazine. 