EXTRAORDINARY DISCLOSURES BY A GIRL. One of the most remarkable instances of physical endurance on the part of a child, which has perhaps ever been disclosed, was brought under the notice of Mr Sturt, at the City Police Court, on Thursday, August 22. A gentleman, named Mr Stanner Stout, made an application to the magistrates regarding a little girl who accompanied him. He stated that, on the previous evening, he was attend ing service at St. James's Church, when the girl entered his pew. During the prayer the girl knelt down and commenced crying; He asked her what was the matter, and she stated she had no home and was without, friends. On questioning her further she told him that she had been deserted by her father it Daylesiord, and that she had afterwards walked all the way to Melbourne. Mr Stout" brought the matter under the notice of the Rev. Mr Beeeher, and they procured a bed for her for the night He now asked Mr Sturt whether the girl could not be sent to the Industrial Schools. The girl, who stated that her name was Annie Little, was placed upon a chair to enable Mr Sturt to question her. She appeared a cleanly child, and had an intelligent face. She was dressed in a red merino frock, and wore a straw hat. Her hair was done up in a net, but on removing her hat it was seen that the hair had been cut quite close to the head, and this she after, wards explained had been done by her father. Mr Sturt carefully questioned her, and as her statement was of such an extraordinary character, he several times cautioned her, but she persisted that she was speaking the truth, and rigidly adhered to her narrative. She stated that her father had lived near Dayles ford before he deserted her. They occupied a tent made of stuff like her cape. (The cape was made of coarse calico.) It took about a day to go from the tent to Daylesford and back. Her father 'made brooms, but when he got any money he spent it in drink. No one lived near them but a woman named Brown son. Her mother was dead. The mother bad died before the father deserted her. One day her father was drunk and he struck her mother on the head with a stick. Her mother told her and her sister, that if she died their, father had been the cause of it. Her mother died the next day, and her father buried her in a box near the tent. Dogs came to the spot in the night and she U3ed to have to beat them off with a stick. Her father afterwards took up the 'box and buried her mother in another place. §he did not know where. A long time after this her sister also died. Her father used to go to Mrs Brownson and get money, and come home drunk. One day when he was drunk he cut all her hair off After that he left her and she came to Melbourne. She had been in Melbourne a fortnight, but could not say how long a fortnight was. She followed the wires (supposed to be the-telegraph wires) uutil she came to Melbourne. Some people had given her bread and some had given her money. One woman washed her frock and apron. Since she came to Melbourne she had slept in the cemetery. Mr Sturt: u In the cemetery ; why were you not frightened of ghosts ?'' Witness: " I never heard of them things/' She continued to say that she had left the Cemetery because the men threatened to send her to prison if she came there again. She afterwards slept in " the Exhibition.5' Some one told her it was the Exhibition. She went in the church to be cut of the rain. Since her father left her she had never seen and did not know where he had gone. She saw him strike her mother with the stick. There were lots of trees where they lived. She was certain it was near Daylesford. After cross questioning her for some time, and failing to shake her statement in any respect, Mr Sturt said he would send her to the Immigrants* Home for the present, where she would be cleaned and cared for, until he had time to receive an answer from Dayles ford. He would pay1 for any clothes she required, and see that she was well treated. The girl thanked Mr Sturt, and expressed her willingness to do any work if she could get it to do. She was afterwards sent to the Home, and will remain there until the police have had time to inquire into the truth of her disclosures. Extraordinary as it may appear, she spoke with such apparent truth that it is hard to think that one so young could have invented the whole affair. If it should proves true in the main points, who can tell but that another horrible and hitherto hidden crime will be brought to light ? Davlesford is eminently noted for similar mysteries. -MeU bourne Leader. 