CORRESPONDENCZ, [It must be distinctly understood that the Spinions ofcorreqsoidents published in thij yournal are in nowise identjied with it. 7The only object is, asfar as possible, to give every opportunity for the expression of public opinion.] THE CANDIDATES CRITICISED. Tp the Editor of the Telegroph. Sir,-Those burgesses of Jrahran who, up to.within a very short time of the 'closing hour for reeeiving nominations, feared there would be a paucity of candidates for imni cipalihonours, inust have experienced a large degree of astonishment at the plethora which the daily journals of last Thursday m?sdo known. 'I, speaking individually, certainly feel flattered at so many gentlemen seeking the favour of my'vote and interest. If in the multiplicity of councillors there is wie,. dom, what must there be in the multiplicity of candidates ?i' threo vacancies an4 eight aspirants ' Thdthero mention of sucli a number is enough to take away the .breath' of such a humble upit in the body-municipal as myself. Theo dokey who upon unex pectedly finding himself placed between two tempting haystacks, starved from sheer inability to realise the agreeable situation, and could not make up his mind uponl which to commence operations, is a Siot inapt illustration of the ill effects likely to operate upon some of my fellow-bur gesses in their attempt to decide for whom they shall vote to-morrow. Had they had bnly a choice between the old councillors. anu such new men as Messrs. Hutchings and Scott, they might .not be puzzled; but' when a Fellows and 'a Murray Smith are added, it is pardonable if they scratch their.. heads in 'bewilderment. Having, however, somewhat recovered my own senses from the "confluskeration" (as an elderly lady friend of mine used to denominate any un usual ment slembarrassmentshe experience) into which they were at first thrown by thin unexpected embarrassment of riches, I will, Sir, with your permission try to help others out of their quandary; and in doing so I hope I shal not, as Mr. Janres Scott phrased it the other evening, be thought " egotistical"-which certainly no one who knows that gentleman would ever. suspect him of being. My object in so dying is to induce the burgesses to elect m4in whose return will help to resce te the coqcil from the degradation into which it is fast falling by ignorant and impudent nmember's. Hero is the list of candidates; Mr. J. B. Crews ,, G. Young ,J.. Widdicombe The Hon. T. H. Fellows Mr. Robert Murray Smith ,, Theophilus Thomas ,, Charles Hutchings S,, James Scott Now, in the first place, I want to convince the. electors *of the folly of making this: election turn upon the question of a site for the market. 'Lhis is really such a trivial thing in comparison'with many others, that to vote for a candidate merely because hoe will pledge himself either to the Greville- . street or Commercial-road site would be the. height of folly. I have my own opinion on this matter; and I think it very likely I shall on Thursday vote for men who differ from. it. I have, in my humble way, done some thing to got the market established; but if the council is to be rushed by incompetent.: men simply because they will flatter the' wishes of the burgesses by making this a bone of contention, I shall regret ever. having moved a finger in it. We want mien of position, and education, and ability-men.; whose minds are not contracted and narrow,:: but who can take a large and liberal view of municipal requirements, and who, if re turned, will exercise such a moral influence over some of those with whom we are un. fortunately now afflicted as will effectually put them down. Again affirming that in this legitimate endeavour to influence the choice of the burgesses I shall throw the market- site question overboard, I will pro ceed to pass my opinion on the various candidates. And in so doing I will begin with the retiring councillors-Messrs. Crews, Young, and Widdicombe. Of these I think you would do well to place the two first at the top of the poll, and the third at the bottom. I do not think there is any man who: has done more good service to the borough than Mr. Crews. He has his failings, and I have often differed with him; but his good qualities and many services command my esteem and gratitude. He is a shrewd, practical man, and a good worker; and though he sometimes allows his party predi. lections to influence his conduct, I do not believe he would knowingly be guilty of a mean or dishonourable action.. Mr. Young, during the time he has been in the council, has acted in a manner which I think ought to insure him the respect of all who. honour straightforwardness and integrity. His special knowledge, too, has been of good service; and though he mayn not be able to make a speech that will excite the unthinking to vociferous applause, he can do what is better-apply his practical, knowledge to the saving (not cheeseparing, mind, but legitimate saving) of the borough funds. I trust, then, you will give him a vote. " And now why do I wish you to reject. Mr. Widdicombe P I will' tell you; and if' in doing so I speak plainly, I will at least not do so offensively. I voted for Mr. Widdicombe, when he was first elected, as an untried man, and he has disappointed me. : His vacillation in conioxion with the,i mayoralty first shook my confidence, the way in which he mulled the market quec.{ tion deepened my conviction of his "not being big enough for the place," and he gave the coup to my watering allegiance. by the despicable artifice he resorted to to. geti at the author of a bill which was 'printed, Sir, in your office. That act settled him in" my estimation, and if for no other reason I ask you to vote against .him, It was means to the last degree,- and points him out a. unfit for any poast of honour that can be con fessed by his fellow-citizeis. Coming now, to the new. ca.didates, I feel] in-a similar difficulty to the interesting quadruped I had the honour of introducing to your notice at the c'dommencement of this letter. Between. Messrs. Fellovs and Murray Smith Lanm -o oely put to. it to choose. -They..aro.. both very eligible men, I and I coiud' wish(that :I. had four votes to give instead of three.- If only-a certain coun cillor would but resign,andthereby relieveme from this dilemma, hewould at least make me feel thankful to him for once., "Mr. Fellows is not.an untriedmaini . ,He a ha. \- - Heha .been in the council before, and beneficially so to tho?borough; rind if hliewill but, make the sacrifice of the time which a seat will I requi're't his hands--and by his "cohsenting to be tiii' nomination I assume" that he consents 'tod 'do so-it will .be'gr?eatly' to your'ridvantage to"elect hink. "Otbherwise, I should like to see your choice fall upon MIr. Smith. True, he is an untriet mlan; but his :business' aptitg.de' is too well known to leave room for a doubt that he would be a ~pluable acquisition at the council board. . The trio, remailinig I will '! polish off' in a paragraph. Mr. Hutchings has been tried and' found wainting. Hlis candidature is a imistake- and I' regret that he should have, been so ill-advised as to offer himself. With such ..candidates as those ,I have already snamed heeannot; I think, stand the ghost of.a chance-if he does, Prahran. contains more ignoramuses than I give it credit for. I have:not a word to say against hip., per sonally---on the contrary, I believe him to be an, estimable citizen,, but public lifs is not -his forte, bMr, Scott--I beg his par.dbln James Scott, Esquire, solicitor-I can't lav6 at .any price,'and I don't. think the electors 'will Were it a choice between him and Mir. EHutchings, .I should vote for 'the latter without a moment's hiesitation. But, thank goodness, it hasn't come to that'. To be :candid, Mr. Scott thinks too much of him self for me to think much of him. It may .'beonly a way- he has got, b,lit.he always impresses me with the idea that hey thinks 'there is nobody, so clever as Jame' Scott. .Besides, I have a dim recolleetion of a letter -he once wrote in your columns, in which he . repudiated with ineffable scorn. cove?ing the office of town clerk, giving as his reason that lie was ambitious-after he had paisced as- a solicitor--of representing his fellow burgesses in the Legislative Aysembly. Now, as "Semper Paratus" says the council is becoming a stepping stone to the ( Assembly, I have thought Mr. Scott may bL?of a similar opinion; and if he got in Sthoe:Assembly he might aspire to become Minister of Justice, or. even Attorney General, I, for one, cannot consent to help him to place his foot on the first ruhg of the ladder of his ambition, No, no, Jamnes Scott; after many mishaps you have passed as a solicitor-so "rest and be thankful.y' Of lir. Thomas'I know but little, which little,though favourable, would not lead me to vote for him while I have the choice of such candi dates as appear in the nomination list. Had they not come forwvard, it is probable he would have had my third vote, but1 as it is, I cannot give it to him, neither can I pdvise you to do so. In thus addres'singyou, fellow-burgesses, I have spoken without the least, desire to hurt any one's feelings, so long as that could be done without sacrific'ng the truth. But Ifelt bound to !'deliver myself," as the crisis is an important one, believing, a' I do, that by your votes to-morrow you will stamp the character of tl}e council either for good or evil for some time to come. Yours Tory faithfully", P)(cENIX. 