DOG LIOENSES.-The Superintendent of Police yesterday laid informations against fourteen persons for non-registration of dogs. The cases are fixed for hearing on Wednes day next. We understand that it is his in tention to lay a number of informations daily until all who have failed to register their dogs are brought up. The list of thiose who have neglected to do this is a very long one. The number of those who have registered one or t mlore and yet have not registered all their dogs is, we are informed, considerable; to this class special attention is to be directed. We called attention towards the end of April last to the requirements of the law on this subject; our contemporaries did the same ; there is therefore no excuse for those who have neglected to register. COPPER AT PORT DAVEY.-The 2asemnian C imes says :-" From a private letter to a gentleman in Hobart Town from another in Melbourne, the following important informa- tion is received. The Western Exploration expedition is being wound up in Melbourne, and another Company on a large scale is being formed, to work the lodes of copper ore found by the party at Port Davey. The specimens thiat the leader of the late party took over to Melbourne have been assayed by Mr. Pater son, assayer to the Bank of Australasia, at Melbourne, and Mr. Osborne, Captain of thri Moonta Copper Mines at Adelaide. Bothl, gentlemen report most favorably of the speci mens. Some of the prospectuses of the now company will be forwarded in a few days from Melbourno and advertised in our local prints. This will be done to allow of those who wish it to take shares." TASMANIAN CAVERN OSSEOUS DEPOSITS. Mr. S. H. Wintle, of Collins-street, has in his possession a large and interesting collec- tion of fossil bones which he, assisted by some friends, unearthed a few days since while examining a cavern in the district of Glen- orchy, and which cavern, it seems, is but little known. Mr. Wintle believes the bones to have belonged to marsupial animals the same as those now inhabiting the island, but as it is his intention to forward the most of them shortly to Professor Owen for identification, that able anatomist will decide the question. The cavern in which they were found is, we understand, a very remarkable one, composed of several chambers and passages, and which Mr. W. speaks of as a cave of "disturbance." The importance of this osseous discovery con- sists it seems, in the great antiquity that must be assigned to the bones. We believe, however, that it is the intention of the finder to publish a short account of all that relates to their geological history. - Tasmanian Times. EVANDALR ROAD TRUST.--At the annual meeting last Wednesday Messrs. W. Hartnoll, sen., Wm. Easton, and Wm. Side bottom were elected trustees in the room of Messrs. G. Taylor, John Butte, and Geo. Robotham, jun. John Ralston, Esq., was chosen chairman for the year. PRINCE'S SQVAnR CONGREGATIONAL SN-. A. Sonuor..-A conversazions in aid of the fund for painting the school-room will be given to-morrow evening, commencing at 7 o'clock ` The following is the programme : Opening address, Rev. W. Law ; pianoforte duet, Home Sweet Homoe; ang, Yesterday'; reading, 'Nothing to Wear; vocal duet, Sweet Sister Fay; reading, All's well: that endj,-well and Mary's Ghost; song, The Last Ro'o of Summer; reading, The Tlthe pigh song, Come into the garden Mand; overture, Tancredi, violin and piano; song, Paddle your :own canoe ; reading, Mrs. Brown at Mellon's concert; song, Nil Desperandom. Admission, one shilling. TaE WEAT- man.-The long-continued fine weather remarked by everyonebhas broken up. Saturday was ushered in with deluging Sshowers, which recurred at intervals through. out'tbo day, and it closed with a low barome. ter ~nid ominous forebodings for the morrow. But'Sunday was fine, with only a passing shower of a few minutes' duration in the after noon. With a southrrly wind came a frosty night, and when yesterday morning dawned the ground and every exposed object were dressed in winter's robe. Yesterday there were a few alight showers, but last night was frosty, with an appearance of fair weather again. FinE AnTs.-Quite unexpectedly on Satur. dpy evening - we had an opportunity of c examining two works of art in course of I execution by Mr. T. W. Flexman, of this c town, which afftrded us no small amount of a surprise and gratification. The first con- I sited of a large cop carved in Hoon pine, t elaborately rornamentod, and encircled with a t garland of our beautiful indigenous creeper. I the elematis. The other is a pen and ink a copy of one of Gustave Dord's I magnificent illustrations of Tennyson's pathetic poem "Elaine." The incident 1 selected by the artist is where the dead body of the fair Elaine is being conveyod by the old dumb vassal from her father's castle to the Court of King Arthur : . . And the dead Steered by the dumb went upward with the flood, , In her right hand the lily, in her left The latter . for she did not seem as dead But fast asleep, and lay as the' she smiled:'." We believe those works ot art have occupied M.r'Flexman's leisure for the last two months -sometimes from four o'clock in the'morning, and at others till past midnight. , They cer. I 'tainly dqdiinvory great credit, and we doubt not'if he wero'tassidnously to -cultivate this f peculiar talent that he would rise to a die. I tingnished place as an artist. PnIOe.o EnuCATION.-Referring to the letters of"Veritas" which have recently up peared in our columns on the subject of public instruction, I correspondent writes :-. " I hope they may induce the commission to extend the present system more beneficially to the poorer classes. I should awaken the in- I dignat on of many wore I to detail the con duct of schoolmasters, who, in some of our f townships, absolutely refuse a pupil who can. v not pay at least 9d. a week. Tihe saend con. I sequence is that in all these localities num- c bars of destitute, ignorant, hclple's children 1 of both sexes are ripen:ng only for crime and prison. 'It is strange that our public men do r not take a warmer interest in the matter, and a try to make the annual outlay of £12,000 a greater boon to the colony." MAoNraTO Sunvau.-As showing the prec. t tical utility ofa magnetic survey, the Govern ment Astronomer of Nowi South Wales in his t last report to the Board, mentions one remarkable fact. The difference of latitude, he says, between Scone and Wingen is 10 a minutes only; and yet the difference of the I dip, as determined by a long series of obser. vations made on two different occasions amonnts to no less than 58 minutes. But the latter.loonlity, commonly known as " The Burning Mountain," aboundb with ma'sos of ironstone, containing a large percentage of metal, and a great portion of which is no doubt magnetic by induction, " ATrTaTIoN I "-During en enquiry before a Parliamentary Committee into the manage. ment of the Sydney Grammar School a short time -ago, a witness was asked if he had had any experience of the discipline maintained in other schools in the colony ; he replied that he was at Mr. Cape's, and that there "the boys were very attentive indeed : he used to cane them very much." Oz Sunday a malicious person out open the bellows of a country blacksmith. The injured party has lodged a complaint against the aggressor for having taken his wind away. The asne will be heard at the Police Court in a day or two. TutEE will, says the A[ercur of Saturday, be shipped on boare the Boomerang, schooner, which leaves hero for Launceston to-day, a spring dray, manufactured by Mr. J. Monk, wheelwright, Collins-street, which for strength, combined with lightness of build, and work mnnship throughout, deserves notice. The wheels, shafts, and spokes are of blue gum, the naves being of lightwood. The body is mounted on springs, and the whole, although strongly built, weighing but little more than half a ton : its even balance with the patent axles and other improvements promise to render it very easy and light of draught. The work has been performed to the order of Messrs. John Scott and Co., of the Tamar brewery, Launceston. Tne Jewish Feast of Pentecost, in celebra tion of the giving of the law, commenced on Saturday evening. A van? important legal point was raised at the Supreme Court sitting in the Court of Requests jurisdiction at Hobart Town the other day relative to recalling witnesses. Mh. Graves, counsel for a plaintiff, desired to re. call his client upon some matter that had arisen during the ease, but Sir Valen tino Floming gave him to understand that he could only do so in reference to a collateral, and certainly not to prove a material fact, and his Honor cited authority to support his ruling. Mr. Graves assured his Honor that it was only in reference to a collateral fact he should have thought of recalling the plaintiff, although, lie saidl, it had been the practice in other courts to prove a material fact after the evidence had been closed; and the question was to be tested in a certain case when the papers were ready. IN a late issue appeared a paragraph relative to a rumour that anether man, named Denwood, had died at Albury from handling sheep afllloted with the Cumberland disease. Owing to the doubt existing in the former cases if Mr. Layton and family, it onas do termined in this instance to make n thorough investigation. We now learn that at the Inquest the medical evidence add teed was nech as to convince the jury that death was caused by animnal poison. 'TnuanRnorLT and his gang are still carry ling on their depredations in New South I Wales. He tias been joined by a youth who Sappears to maken suitable coofrere for his pur. a pose. Some new hande have taken to the aroads. Three of them stuck up some Chins men, and having hurriedly shot one of the latter dead, left the store without plundering. IT appears that a bill to amend the law relative to the sale of spirituous liquors is to be introduced into the Victorian Parliament r during the present session. Mr. M'Culloch I stated that in the course of a week or two t he trusted an act would be passed enabling r the police to take fair more efficient action I than at present, with a view to prevent the c large amount of Sunday trading which was t now indulged in by the various publio a houses. a A NUOORTT, weighing 6l0s., has been found by a Chinaman, at the Calliope gold-fields, t Queensland. t DoneNo the last ton years the population of Victoria has increased from 403,155 to 643,012, an average of slightly over eighteen thousand a year. 1860 and 1801 are the two years that exhibit the smallest in crease, being six thousand in the former and four thousand in the latter year; whilst 1858 n displays the largest increase, being slightly a over forty thousand. Of the total increase for the ten years 67,770 were males, and 113,007 females. BSPreaoA telegrams state that vessels are in request at Alelaide to carry horses to India. IT is stated that in 'Jletfte just"re`elved from Mr. W. Vile, written from the Barrier Ranges, Ihe says :- One hundred nnd fifty men in the ranges are in a state of starvation. On the 9th, I came across a matn lying dead, t with a pannican marked ' J.D.' by his, side ; there was about 15s. in money in one of his pockets. He is supposed to have perished for want of water." A sINoULAn document was picked up at Prabran, near the Melbourne Botanical Gardens, a few days ago. It was in the form of a letter and the envelope covering it was addressed-" To whoever may find my I body." The writer asserts thithe is about to i commit suicide and assigns as the cause the poison sold in publichouses under pretence of tts being good liquor. He trusts that his fate may prove a warning to any insane inebriate, I and adds that the is a young man, and com paratiroly healthy." He goes on to say that the publicans have left him just suniioent strength to wind up what might have ibeen a happy and useful lifb. The only signature altached to t this strange epistle is " James." The letter is now in the possossion of the police. TuE Gippsland Guardian, hitherto a weekly, will for the future occupy the position of the defunct Gipspland Press as a daily. Massns. Gonoao AND Gorote, the well known news and advertising agents of Vic loria and Sydney, have opened an Australian news room at 121 Holhorn-hbill, Loidon, where the many and various papers of the Aus tralian colonies are filed ; where intending emigrants or returned Australians omt obtain any information they please as to the s-ate, prospects, and growth of the colonies; and where accurate general information can be afforded, the manager having been many years in the colonies. AMtososT the cargo of a recent arrival from Portland to Melbourne were "ten bales of swamp-down." .Swamp.doiwn is the seed of the budl-rush, the dark brown bluff which forms the head, and is collected for the pur. pose of being used as'a stuffing material for cushions, mattresses, &c.; If found to answer the expectation of the shipper, Mr. Savage, a remunerative business may doubtless be done by its collection, since anty quantity may be had near Portland. PENNY-A-MILE fares, wo notice by the i. Ai. Terrald. have been initiated on the Now South Wales railways. Another phase in the "Adelaide Lead tarring and feathering case" has un expectedly turned up, as we learn from the Maryborough Advertiser. Mr. and Mrs. Jeffrey, the father and mother of the girl Anne Jeffrey, were both sudden'y arrested on a charge preferred by, Joseph Nowell, the seducer of the girl, of steal;ing a pair of boots on the 2nd of April. The local press blame the authorities for so easily allowing n warrant to be otainedl merely as a fresh means of per secution. The parents of the unfortunale girl have already suffered suffloiently at the hands of this man. Tue (cleim of Mr. J. V. F. Fitzgerald, for merly Colonial Secretary and for a short period noting Governor of Victorin, was brought before the Legislative Assembly on 30th ult. After a short discussion the ques. tion was adjourned, so that the House might receive some further information. We learn that the bad conduct of two rowdy rufflians, at the Chinese Joss.lhous, Emerald-hill, Melbourneo, on the Queen's birthday, has led to the closing of the joss. house to the public. Jt was a carious place I in very nimanny respects, and used to attract numerous European visitors. CasRs of garotting have not entirely died out in the colnics. From a local piper we learn that two ruffians, named Quinn and Ryan, have been arrested for sticking.up, garotting, and robbing a Chinaman at Sand hurst. PE-sions To RETIRED SECORETAnlES OP STATS -Although it will not tint hare the i ffect of increasing the public apprec:ntion of the high honour of General Peel. it may be w2ll to draw attention to the fact that had the General remained in office for another eiuht drys, he would have completed the two years' aggreinto service which renders retired Secretaries of State eligtbla or a pension or £2,000 a year. 'There certainly is no vacancy now on the list, which is linmiled to four, but General Peel, had lie teeu hris iiglh-minded, might, by holdig on for a few days, have placed hitmself la a position to receive sueh' a r enion at a fuiure time. Tieose at precent eijoyins these pensions are Sir George Grey and Mr. ililiser Gibson, the lattir of whoom took one of those left vacant last year by the den hi of Lords Mlonteagle Rnt Gleoelg. ir. Distrael holds antothler, but they pension is in aLeynnee during his tennore of sand it is understood tat the fourth will tell office to ir. YWalpole when he retlres.--sunda . Gauzee. TAsMaNczI. bas munch need of exports (says The M?-ceury)n and the discovery of any novelty of the'kind is always a public benefit. We understand that Colonel Chosnov has been for some months occupiol in experi ments for the extraction of illuminating and lubricating oils from a natural product of this country," and that the result of a number of trials has been satisfactory. The great dilli aulty has beeoon to reduoco the spocifio gravity of the fluid, and this problem has been solved by the adoption of a principle, which is about to be patented and worked simultaneously in this colony and in Victoria. 