TOWN AND COUNTRY. Bebteand.— At a meeting of the Executive Council, beld oh Tuesday, it wbb determined that the sentence of death passed upon Louis Bertrand. for the murder of Henry Kinder, should be oommuted to imprisonment for life, with herd labour ; the first three years in irons. The Queen v. Manning. — The Attorney- General has intimated that the depositions in the Queen, on the prose cution of King v. John Edye Manning, for peijurv, do not disclose a prima facie case. The defendant therefore, will not be put unon hie trial. 6t. Paul's College —The Rev. John Fendrill, M.A., has been elected a clerical Fellow of St. Paul's College, in the place of the Rev. Canon Welsh, M.A., wlqpse Fellow ship has become void by absence from the colony. Admission of Mb. W. S. Griffith to tub Queens land Bab.— On the 14tb instant, Mr. Griffith was admit ted to praetice as a barrister in the Supreme Court of Queensland. This gentleman, the eon of the Rev. Mr. Griffith, of Brisbane, secured several honours at the Sydney University during his curriculum, and, among others, ' The Mart Travelling Scholarship.' The Watee Commission.— The Commission recently appointed by the Government to make inqniiy in referenoe to the water supply of the city of Sydney met for the first time on Tuesday, in an office specially fitted up for the Commis sion in the offices of the Harbours and Rivers Navigation department. The whole of the members of the Commission — namely, Professor Smith (President), Mr. E.O. Moriarty (Engineer-in-Chief for Harbours and Rivers), Mr. Thomas 'Woore, Mr. P. F. Adams (Deputy Surveyor- General), and Mr. Grundy (civil engineer)— were present. Hie Worship the Mayor was briefly examined in reference to the water supply of the city, and be gave it as hie opinion that the works in progress at Botany, if successfully completed, would atore sufficient water to meet the requirements of the city for the next twenty- five years ; bnt he did not feel, any confidence In supposing that the snpply would be adequate for a longer period than that. The Board ad journed to Saturday next. The A'usthalian Pafee Company,— A meeting of the shareholders of this company wae held at their offioes, Victory's- buildings, on Tuesday afternoon, to consider a matter which at present prevente the commencement of active operations, The works are now quite oomplete, the maoninery has been started, and found to work most satisfactorily, and ths directors hope to be able to manu facture paper in abont a fortnight. Hvde Park as a Recreation Ground.— A cor respondent, who is a resident in the oentre of the city, writes to us : — ' I feel it to be a great hardship that my children should have to be taken, during this hot season, alt the distance to the Domain for the sake of the shelter afforded by the trees there, while that part of Hyde Park which is purposely designed and laid out for public reorea tion is converted into sheep - pens. Can any reason be assigned why this epaoo— the avenue extending to the south ward of the Albert Statue- is not made at onoe available for the nee of ths citizens, instead of being kept for no bettor purpose than eheepfolds 1 ' A ' Silveb Reading ' at Balmain.— On Tuesday evening a 'efiver Reading' — to conolude a highly successful Bsries of Penny Readings — was given in the Odd Fellows Bail, at Balmain, the proceeds being devoted to the Library of the Working Man's Club in that locality. The Rev. W- Lumsdaine acted as chairman at the enter tainment wbioh was very numerously attended, the large and handsomely proportioned Hall of the Institute being nearly filled on the occasion. Several amateurs from Syd ney kindly gave their services, and everything passed off well. Lecture upon Bread.— On Wednesday evening, at the Mechanics' Sch'ool of Arts, a long and instructive leoture wes delivered 'by Mr. K. S. P. Bedford' F .11.0,8 , on the ul'jectof bread, end the way of mahieg it — the lecture, having a epeoial reference to DauaHrh'e patent prnceefl. Th ) chair was token by the Hon. J. B. Wileon. After describ ing various modeB of bread making, the lecturer went on to speak of Dr. Dauglisb, wbo had invented a new pro ceea, ofwhichhe gtvothedtacrip'ion: — 'Taking advantage, he said, of the well-knoan capacity pf water fir ab.-orbiug carbonic acid, wha'evor ifa density, in quantities equal to ita own bulk. 1 Drat prepare the water which is to be used informing the dough, by placiog it in a strong veaael capable of bearing a high pressure, end forcing carbjoio acid into it to the extent of, aay, ten or twelve a'mo spheres ' (nbout 160 to 180 Ilia, per square inch); 'this the water absorbs without any appreciate increase in ita bulk. The water so prepared will, of oourse, retain the carbonic acid in sulutii.n so long ae it is retained in a cloee vertel tinder (be same pressure. 1, therefore, place the flour and salt, of whirh the dough fa to be formed, also in a cloee vessel capable of bearing a high pressure. Within this vessel, which ie of a epberoidBl form, a simplycon structed kr.rading apparatus is filled, worked from without through a closely-packed stuffing box, la thia vessel I force an - quel pressure to that which ie maintained on the aerated water vessel, and then, by means of a pipe connect ing the two vessels, 1 draw the water into the flour, and set the kneading apparatus to work at tbo eame time. By (bis arrangement the water acta simply as limpid water among the flour; the flour and the water are kneaded together into paste, and to such an extent as shall give it the neoeBsery tenacity. After this is accom pli! hed ths pressure is released, the gas escapes from the water, and, in doing so, raises the dough in tbo most beautiful and expeditious manner. It will be unnecessary for me to point out how perfeot must be the mechanical structure that results from this method of raising dough. In the first -place, the mixing and the kneading of the fl tur and water together, before any vesicular property is im parled to the mass, render the most complete incorporation of the flour and water a matter of very easy accomplish ment.' The leoturer enlarged on the benefits derivable fri in this process on various grounds, and concluded by earnestly recommencing the adoption oi euoh a non fjimenttDfr process — a process which was generally known ob that making aerated bread. A vote of thanbB was passed to the lecturer at the oouciueion of the meeting. Fire in Georobstreet.— About 9 o'clock on Tues day night a fire broke out in e shop in George-Btreet, in the occupation of Mr. Abrahams, clothier and hatter. 'Within a few minutes from the time the alarm was given, the Insurance Company's Brigade had one of their manual eDgines on the spot and hard at wort The No, 1 Volun teer Company, with their manual engine, soon afterwards arrived, but the fire had been got under considerably before they got to work. The fire appears to have originated in the front portion of the shop, and then to have made ilB wav towards the back and up tbe stairs into the upper room. The stook, which was composed of hats, clothing, and hosiery, was very quickly burnt up, and tbe whole interior portion of tbe bUildiDg completely destroyed. By the exertions of the firemen the roof was prevented from taking fire, and to this, in a great measure, must be attributed the fact that tbe destruction was confined almoBt entirely to ono building. The fire wes thoroughly subdued within helf an hour or so of the time of its commencing. The adjoining shope — ono a butcher's and the other a boot and shoe dealer's — sustained comparatively little damage, the principal loss to both being caused by water. The origin of (he fire is at present unknown ; the ehop wee closed about half-an-hour previous to its breaking ©ut, and all the lights are eaid to have been_ safely extin guished before the ehop wee left. Tbe building is one of a block forming portion of the Cooper Estate, for which Mr. T. Buckland ie agent. The block of buildings is insured in two offices — the Norwich Union and the European. The stocx was insured for £400 in the London and Lanoaehire Office. In addition to the fire engines above mentioned, the Insurance Brigade had a second manual engine and their powerful steam engine ready for immediate ac '.ion if reouired. Rifle Association. — A meeting of the committee of tbeRifie Association was he'd on Wednesday afternoon, at the Volunteer Barracke, Mr. Richard Jones in the chair. The principal business was the consideration of a letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, containing two pro positions — namely, that the majority of the matches £t the meeting of 1868 end at all meetings thereafter shall be open only to efferent volunteers, and that marksmen wbo have obtained badges for the year shall only be eligible for tbe match set apart for marksmen, A discussion took place on these matters and i'. was afterwards moved by Mr. Walter Lamb, and seconded by Mr. Brewer, 'That the committee agree to the proposition contained in Colonel Richardscu'e letter of 10th instant, as regards the admission of efficient volunteers only into most of ths Association's matches at their future meetings.' Mr. Lamb then moved, and Ensign Strong seconded, — ' That a special meeting be called to alter rule No. 16 in accordance with the resolution justpaBsed, respecting the admission of efficient volunteers into most of the Associa tion's matches at their future meetings.' The proposal with reference to marksmen was deferred. On the motion of Captain Richards, seconded by Captain Shepherd, it was decided to eolioit Lady Young to present the prizes on Saturday, the 16th November. A letter was read by Mr. Brewerfrom Major Hell, suggesting the 17th, ISth, and 19th December for tbe Intercolonial Match, and the committee agreed to those days, if it would suit the Victorian Associa tion. Australian Diamonds. — The fine octahedral diamond, weighing one carat and a half, which was recently dis covered by Mr. Lensdown (a miner) at Larbert, on the Shoalhaven River, has been brought up to Sydney by Mr. Maddreli, and is now on view at tbe shop of Messrs. Flavelle and Company, goldsmiths and jewellers, in George-street. It is a fine clear stone, but will, of couree, inevitably lose considerably in bulk when it comes to the wheel of ibe lapidary. At the eame establishment is also to be seen a beautiful 'brilliant'' diamond, sent to England to be cut, and recently returned to this colony in all its perfectly developed beauty. This exquisite stone (which was, even at first, smaller than that brought up from Shoalhaven by Mr. Maddreli) wae found in the Albert district in this colony, on the Queensland border— to tbe north-west. The Albert district diamond was cut in England by an expert lapidary, th^brother of Mr. Flavelle, who appears to be incliaed to become a pur chaser of theBe beautiful and costly crystals. There are, donbtlees, many of these diamonds found by our gold diggers, and perhaps even preserved as curiosities, which are never converted into cash because their real value is suffered to remain unknown. Inquest at Ryde — Our correspondent writes that an inquest was held on Tuesday, the 15th instant, at Glades vilie, before the Coroner for the district, respecting the death of a child, the eon of James Melver. James Waller stated that on the previous day, the 14th, about half-past 8 o'clock a.m., Mrs. Melver csme to hie heuse for a buoket of water, tbe deceased child accompanied her, and his wife gave the child some bread and butter ; during the time that his wife and Mrs. Melver were talking, the child went out ; about ten minutes after Mrs. Melver went to dip the backet in the water-hole, and found deceased floating on the sur face of the water; her screams brought himself and wife to her ; the body was immediately got ont, and all available means need to restore animation, but without euooess. Verdict — Accidental drowning Lecture on Inspiration. — On Monday evening last, the Rev. BarziliBi Quaife delivered, at the Presbyterian Church near tbeHaymarfcet, in connection with the Presby terian Sabbath School TeacherB Association, an interesting and instructive lecture on the subject of ' Iuepiratien.' Tbere was a numerous anl attentive audienoe. Feast to the Foob. — A meeting of gentlemen favour able to the raising of subscriptions to give s dinner to the obildren of the Rsndwlck Asylum, the Bagged School, the Deaf and Dnmb Institution, and the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum, in honour of the arrival of his Royal Highness Prince Alfred, was held on Thurs day evtning at CBmb'e Commercial Hotel, comer of King and Castlereagh streets. Alderman Renny occupied the chair. Ae the meeting wae not very Iaigely attended — principally, it was thought, on ucoount of trades people being engaged with the correspondence by the English mail — it was deemed advisable, after some con versation had taken place, to adjourn the meeting until Monday evening, when it was expected there would be a large attendance of persons favourable to the projeot. Two Women Sentenced to be Hanged.— It will be eeen, on reference to our Bathuret telegram, that Mary Williams and Hannah Short have been convioted of child murder and sentenced to death. The repnted father of the child was arrested for supposed participation ia the crime, but at the magisterial inquiry he was discharged. The terrible consequences of a departure from the path of virtue on the part of women have never been mete fearfully dis played than in the present instance, whioh has led to the conviction of a mother and daughter of so horrible a crime. Kiandba.— The correspondent of the Tumut Times writes on ISth instant, 'Matters at the Pilot reef remain in much about the same condition as when I last wrote, no further discoveries of any importance having been made apart from the prospectors olaim, in ooneequence of the late nn propitions state of the weather, the ground haviug become so thoroughly saturated with water that all sinking opera tions have been suspended, aud probably for a couple of months to come they will not be resumed. The majority of the miners are now engBged in trenching and making preparations for tunnelling across the supposed line, una which, I think, will prove (be most advantageous in the end.' The Female Industrial School, Newcastle. — Betwern 8 and 9 o'clock on Sunday evening last, loud ecreamB were heard in the Industrial School, and eame anxiety was manifested by the general public to know tt^ cause of the soreaming which, for a few minutes, was e'oeedingly loud end violent. MoBt of the people who heard it fanoied that the girls were either fighting emongst themselves, or else that they were getting punished at the instance of the matron. Neither suppositious were in the remotest degree oorreot. We have ascertained on undoubted authority that the sole cause of tbe out cry was sheer devilment on the part of some seven or eight oi the girls who wete located together in one of the dormi - tories. Directly Mrs. King heard the soreaming aha hur ried to where it prooeeded from and inquired the cause. She waa informed by the offenders that ' tbere was a man or a ghost under one of the beds,' and that they had screamed because they were afraid. After giving the girls a severe rebuke for their unruLy behaviour, and threatening them with much worse consequences if they did not remain quiet, Mrs. King left, and, we may aoaroeiy add, the ' ghost ' gave the ' young ladies ' no further trouble.— Newcastle Chronicle. ' Sir Alfred Stephen.— In en article on ths Circuit CouiiB,futtl the state of crime in tbe Wagga Warga dis trict, the Eapress of Saturday bear*. testimony to the high character ol the Chief Justioe ' in thai following terms : — ' It will not be invidious if we stale that we are fortunate ienamutb as our Court will be. presided over by the senior Judge -f tbe colony. His Honor has held office as Judgs for neatly thirty years, and for a considerable portioi of tbie tine has occupied the high position of Chief Justice, which he n'ow so worthily fills.. He is entitled -o our special respect fur his sge, his long term pf/offiie (during which, we btlieve, we are correot iu saying lie has presided over more trials than any Judge now-diving), Ka well-as fur Liu undoubted talent and deep legal knowledge which, have lately been acknowledged in terms of just praise by the Privy Council. Still moreis tbe Chief Justice eutiilel to our esteem for bis unimpeached and unimpeachable bigh eouled integrity, ae well as for the many important services which, apart from bis judicial charaoter, he has rendered to tbe t oil, ny. When the day shall arrive (may it bs far distant) in which he shall he called upon to lay dowu- the ttmirie, we may be well assured it will be aB pure aud slainlesB as when he first assumed it. Regarding then the it-dividusl, we can have no hesitation, but feel ourselves more tbi n justifird in tendering a respectful weloome to Sir Alfred Stephen.' Death or Hammond TnE Bushranger —It will, perhaps, be remembered (eavs the Wagga Wagga Ezprese, of Saturday) that in our issue of the 6th instant w© stated that the horse which bad been taken from the Brookong station, on the 19th September last, by the bushranger Hammond, had been found drowned in the Urangetine Creek, with the saddle, ewag, and bridle upon it, and that we thtn expressed an opiuion that it was possible that Hammond had met with hie death in the flood. This, it appeare, was really the case, ae the body of the bushranger had einoe been found in the creek and identified. On Thursday laet a magisterial inquiry waa beld on the re mains, and all doubt on the matter waa then cleared up. After firing et end pursuing Mr. Featherstonhaugh, it is supposed that the bushranger crossed the Uratgeiine oreck, which waa then in flood, end that HammoBd in the darkness missed the crotsing. end hie horse getting into deep water was ewrpt, wi n hie rider, down the stream, and that both were thus drowned. Ae only the body of the horee wae at first found, it waa supposed that it had been intentionally drowned for the purpose of throwing the polios off the soent, but thie supposition has now been shown to be incorrect, Hammond bad formerly been in the employment of Mr. Patterson, end had only just left his service ts join the bushrangers, seyiDg that it would be a better kind of life then workingfor 16s. a week. His career, fortunately for the Eublic, was but a short one, and though he escaped tbe alter, ia the midst of hie crimeB he met with a violent aud appropriate end. Of Blue Cap and hie partner nothiog baa since been beard, aud finding their quarters getting watm it is probable that they have quitted this part of the country. Aimum-heric Phenomenon. — A correspondent writes from M. Mary's . — On Thursday last, the 17th instant, about 9 p.m., two luminous bails of fire were visible floating in the air, at about tweuty.five to thirty feet above the surface ef tbe earth. At firet sight I mistook them for lamps, but upon a closer observation I was satisfied that tbe lights were not common ones, for two reasons : 1st, on account of their eize ; and secondly, from their motion and direction they had the appearance of large red globs9 of fire floating gently through the air and taking a north easterly direction, the movement being sometimes increased, end would then as it were fan it into flame ; then the motion would be almost imperceptible; the eize I suppose to be about that of the bottom of an ordinary buoket. These balls were about a quarter of a mile distant from me, and during my observation of them one became suddenly ex tinguished, the ether floated gradually away aud beeama lost through the thick bush. The land here (Llandilo) ia somewhat marshy, and I attribute the above phenomena to be certain noxious gases exuding from them, and have become ignited through electricity. The time was about fifteen minutes from first sight to laet. The evening was sultry and heavy. Query— Is this the ignis faluus of Australia P A solution will oblige the writer. The truth of thie statement may be relied on, as I was not the only witness to it. Shocking Accident. — On Saturday last (says the Nile castle Chronicle), about noon, a very distressing and painful accident happened on the Government wharf, near tbe last crane, to a man nemed George Prince, in the employ of Mr. W. RusBell, of Bolton-etreet. The particu lars, as supplied by an eye-witness, are as fallows : — Prince, it appears, was engaged with other men in shipping bullocks on board the schooner Stain: bird, for New Zealand. Mr. Russell had got a rope round the horns of one very wild animal, and waa endeavouring to pull it into the pea or enclosure, f.om which the bullocks are hoieted into the vessel, when the animal in queetion refusing to move forward. Prince jumped down into the pen with a 'pricker' to urge it on. Seeing Prince jump down, the bullock pushed back, aud, ia doing so, jerked tbe rope out of Mr. Russell's hand, thereby freeing itself from all restraint. Priucs, the moment be saw what had oocurred, sought to make hie escape from the enclosure, but failed to do eo before tbe infuriated animal rushed at him aud gored him iu the thigh. The unfortunate man made a second attempt to escape, but was again unsuccessful, and before any of the bystanders could release him he was charged a second time by the bullock, which then got him down on the ground, and itflicted a frightful gash in his stomach, ripping it up in a dreadful manner. Even then Prince had not loBt his consciousness, and managed to crawl through the fence just in time, doubtless, to escape being killed dead on the spot, as had tbo bullock charged him a third time nothing culd have saved his life. On bia being picked up and examined it was found that bis stomach was completely ripped open and the bowels protruding. He wae quickly canveyed, at his special request, to hie own house in King-street, where a doctor was soon in attendance. For some time his life was despaired of, but we heard on Tuesday afternoon that he was progressing more favourably than might have been exprcied. At a later hour in the night we. were informed that unfavourable symptoms had est in, and that there was little hope of bis recovery. 