' Jl!c£#ttttt, r'S&n;&M;, wtib S& , THE SKELETON TN THE CLOSET. , So many of our circle lost money in the paaaicon Blade, Friday, that it was like being out of the fashion not to have lost, .. and iwe were in it — in it to the extreme. ??- ifo pot off Emmy's wedding, and there were »f ew days when I thought it Would ? -put an end torit; but the young people ^determined otherwise, got married on \- - tiieir hopes, youth, and courage, and 'went away in August to make the best of the \- world at the other side of it. Our Iiondon establishment was finally broken up, and after* some enquiry for a cheap neighbor hood where good education was to be had ?hire, and thought ourselves fallen quite \- in luck's way when we found Ash Grange, a roomy house in a large garden, ? not 10 minutes' walk from the grammar school, xo let for the very moderate rental of £30. The easy adaptability of common human nature to altered circumstances is wonderful and merciful! Here was my John, who had toiled and moiled from \- youth to grey hairs to get rich honestly, who had contemplated withdrawing from business with his tens of thousands, and had retired with a few hundreds snatched out of the fire, looking, after a month of ?country life, healthier and happier than I ?had seen him look for years. The worst *wss come, and we were not utterly beggars; we had suffered shipwreck, but we had got safe to land; we had lost an \- Immense fortune, but we had not lost -*haracter, nor caused the ruin of others ; ?we .had come down to our primitive con dition of neither riches nor poverty, and I think J- liked it better than the vanity and vexatiV»n of spirit that had attended -our gradual rise and progress in London society. Erni^na was gone, but she had taken her hearth desire 'with her, and we hadihe three bo vs left for our love, care, , ana occupation. ' ~'Fhey needed no conso lation that they cesild not find for them raelvea in our haunted! Grange and wilder Iness garden; and though Willie was sorry ?to leave his masters and friends at the \ ' ' ' ? Uu.i.. 1. n .*«««%*» 7ilr-As4 4-l^.vtj* HP VlUUICr .UAJUaO, lie SWIX uimu tiAllPDV? ?*'* Bound at the grammar school. —'' I wish I could make you see the house; it is a very pleasant place. It stands end ways to the road, and a high wall, enclos ing the garden, runs along it, back and ? front, for nearly a hundred yards; ash trees and beech-trees stretching their branches over the parapet, and mak ing a delightful shady walk of the pathway of an afternoon. It had been untenanted for several years. before we took it, and the owner ' -was glad to put it in sufficient repair to ensure our remaining. The sitting-rooms, on the ground floor, were large, but low and rather gloomy ; the smaller we fitted up* aa our dining-parlor, and the other we abai'uloned to the boys, to be their car penter's shop and private snuggery. My drawingr-rooin I made up-stairs, as far as possible out of hearing of their sawing and hammsering, and a little closet opening from it, and extending over the porch, John lined with shelves, and dignified with the title of book-room. Of our quarters I need say no more. The boys' den is the most spacious apart ment in the house, and had alwajns been ined as the principal apartment until we entered on possession. The wall had been once colored of a pinky hue, and the panels moulded with gilding. The lofty, narrow mantelshelf — supported on carved pilasters, was colored like the wall, which, on the t.«ftj extending to the back of the room ? wa*« flush with it, and on the right, extending to the windows, fell into a deep recess. The windows looked into the garden ; t*he -loor opened into the , hall, which was divided in the middle with a screen to exclu'de draughts. The landlord A^as agreeably surprised at our bidding hi'ta not re-paper this room ; but he was at ihs same time astonished I did not prefer' ** *or mT parlor. And we were equally a&!*-mi8ae-^ at his enquiry if I was deterred .^om preferring it, because it had got a bu^ name in the local traditions as being haunted. We had not heard of its bad name, and naturally begged for explanation. He told us that the last occupants were an overworked London clergyman and his wife. That to accom modate them during a long summer, he liad furnished this room and two others ; that the lady was comfortable and con tented, but that her husband, who was out of health, took a fixed idea into his n-ind that a female shadow, which was uot his wife's, constantly pervaded the room. He was most sensitive to its pre sence at morning and evening prayers. Often, at other times, 'when reading a book or gazing meditatively into the fire of nights, he felt it beside him; but when he bent his eyes to discern it clearly, i£ was gone. By degrees, as he recovered his strength and mental tone, his spectral visitant came less frequently, and before he returned to his town duties in Octo ber, it had quite ceased to trouble him, and he spoke of it himself as an halluci nation arising from a distressed brain. In popular parlance, however, it had, become a ghost, and the Grange a haunted house. The boys heard the story, and only liked their den the better for it. For . my part, I pray that I may never come into that state of mind and body when I shall imagine myself a ghost-seer. For some weeks after they liad made a Babel of the empty room, I expected tales of wonder and imagination to be brought to my ears; but none were brought save of no cupboards, no shelves, no anv thing but the floor on which to deposit their precious ibelongings. Their father gave them a shabby escritoire which he had bought for an old. song at a sale in the town, and a Pembroke table with drawers, but still they were not satisfied ; and Willie, one morning, impatiently struck the wall by the fireplace, wishing that were cupboards. Most unexpectedly, it gave back a hollow sound, and something like plaster rattled down within. He struck again ; he lis tened ; his brothers listened ; they all struck, and they all listened ; they were sure the wall was hollow ; that there was a recess to correspond with that on the other side of the fire- place, which was only boarded up and canvassed. It was a holiday, and it was rainy. *jChey had hours before them for investiga tion and mischief, and they set to work ; , -carefully, at first, and near the floor, but soon with greater boldness. They cut out a section of the canvas, and discovered {hat it was not plain joiner's work behind, jJL V pannelling, like the rest of the room. «j^_ ripped away the canvas from beside the pilfc-ljter °* *'ie chimney, and espied hinges ck'^^8' unmistakable evidences of adLoset in tne wainscot krge enough to appease their ^oat exorbitant longings forrtore-room. They persevered in spite of choking dust a.id failing piaster igno rant of landlord's «J-bums for dilapidation and of their father's -itf pleasure, and by noon they had complete!/ laid open the hidden cupboard doors, ami Willie had come to me for some keys. I asked him what he wanted keys for 1 Be told me about the closet-HJUch a laige double closet '. I proposed to go and see it. He begged me to stay where I was until they had effected a clearance of the rubbish. My suspicions and fears were roused, and I went at once, Rubbish, indeed* The 'floor was littered with torn canvas, and the air thick with the powdery dust of the wall-coloring. An old charwoman, Bridget Johnes, whom we occasionally employed is the house, had preceded me on the boys' petition to help them to re \- move the ruins, and there she stood agape, resting on her broom, and crying. 'Bless her life, if there was not Madame ?.Stephanie's closet again!' The boys -eyed me a lrtte anxiously as X remarked . ? , , ..- that I did. not know what their father and1 .. ;: j Mr. Baxter, the landlord, mignt, say .but Willie began all the same to. fry the keys. The key in common rise' for' inost-of 'the other cupboards fitted this lock; he turned it, and with a wrench pulled open one leaf of the door : and, -as he -pulled, out fell, with dry, light, jingling rattle, a skeleton with a mass of tattered, - color less clothing still enveloping it. \- The curious investigator Bprang fast enough out of the way. I cannot tell what any of us felt or said, but the first words I understood were from the mouth of Bridget Johnes. She had stepped across the floor, and was stooping to examine a ring that hung on one finger of the clenched skeleton hand. ' It is poor Mam'seUe Elise,' said she ; ' they told us she'd gone home to France.' I sent one of the boys instantly to bring Mr. Baxter ; and, before he came, their fateer was on the «cene. The dis covery was something more that a nine days' wonder. There was a long enquiry before the magistrates, and much raking up of old memories, which ended in the silent burial of the bones in the church yard, and in the addition of a mysterious tragedy to the local annals. I will tell the story briefly, as they tell it ; not in shreds and patches, as it was painfully evolved under the investigation by au thoritv. In the autumn of 1789, during the ear liest rush of French emigrants to Eng land away from the Paris mob which had just drawn the first blood of revolution at the storming of the Bastile, there came over two ladies of rank, sisters, middle aged and single. Two servants accom panied them, a man and a woman. The four were received by a Catholic family in Staffordshire, and entertained for se veral months in the hope and expectation that they would soon be able to return safely to France. But as things there went from bad to worse, and the hospi tality of their host wearied, the ladies sought a house for themselves. Travelling towards Wales as a district where they might live cheaply - and obscurely until the return of better days, they lighted on Ash Grange, which the owner and occu pier had vacated but a few weeks before ior a narrow lodging in the chancel of the church. The heir was Mr. March, a young gentleman of aristocratic sympa thies and considerable wealth, who re sided at Geliert's Gap, a beautiful estate about three miles distant. He offered the French strangers the use of the Grange furnished just as it stood, and they ac cepted it as generously as it was offered. The ladies presently became known to the neighborhood as Madame Stephanie and Madame Rose le Perier, the last sup posed to be a name assumed in lieu of one of higher distinction. The man- servant was Monsieur Rigault, the woman, Madame Bette. Superior servants they -evidently were ; but, in casting in their lot with the mistresses whom they had followed into their triste exile, they had left behind them all selfish remembrances of past estate, and shared with cheerful ness the privations of their poverty. And they were very poor. The secrets of their householdcould not be kept in that little idle rtiara? tliniirrli t.ViRir fnnlr nn Sftrvipi* from without to carry gossip abroad ; for the small shopkeepers knew every penny of their expenditure, and Monsieur Rigault, who catered for them, Frenchman, and ingenious Frenchman as he was, often betrayed to their shrewed inquisitiveness the difficulty he had in making up the materials of the dinners he cooked. The ladies were rarely seen beyond the precincts of their home, and the only persons they admitted within their doors was Mr. March, who was a Catholic like themselves, and a priest who came over from Shrewsbury to visit them at stated intervals. To Shrewsbury also they went to attend the services of their church on great festival days ; and once, when they remained absent more than a week, they were said to have gone to meet some fellow-emigrants of royal rank at Alton Towers, the seat of the great papist Earl of Shrewsbury. Madame Stephanie was a person of grandiose air — not beautiful at all, but of a most magnificent stateiiness, like a woman bred in courts, and used to think of nobility as the highest grace of God. Madame Rose was less imposing than her sister, but more pleasing, and several years younger. Madame Stephanie was growing grey and wrinkled ; Madame Rose had still so much oj' the bloom of youth as may remain ?^th i handsome brunette of fiveand thirty. During i-4ie 8econd autumn of their residence at Ash Grange, Monsieur Rigault made a jo^rueJ *? France. News that the Tuileries h^ been faeked, the Swiss Guard slaughtered, and the King and his family imprisoned & «*e Temple, had reached England befoi* »e started, and the terrible massacres of September were reported immediately after. JNext came a rumor that the TTmg wsN* to be put upon his trial before the Na?*onal Convention, then intelligence that .J*i* head had fallen on the scaffold, then of the beginning of the Terror. While Monsieur Rigault was away, Madame Stephanie made his little house hold purchases in the town. People thus grew familiar with her grandeur, and very haggard and wan her grandeur was — in- finitely more piteous than humility. Yet it was impossible to feel sympathy with* her/ Monsieur Rigault had won real liking and respect amongst the shop keepers, but Madame Stephanie treated the simple folks with that haughty rigor which French writers tell us was the habit of the great in France in the generations before the terrible blood letting of the Revolution. La Bruyere, the Court philosopher and moralist of Louis Fourteenth's reign, says it was to him a thing always new, the ferocity with which men treated other men. He saw certain wild animals; male and female, scattered over the fields, black, livid, all burnt with the sun, bound to the Boil which they ploughed and har rowed with invincible obstinacy ; they had an articulate voice, and when they rose upon their feet they showed a human face, and indeed they were men. At night they retired into their lairs, where they lived on black bread, water, and roots ; they saved other men the toil of sowing and reaping, but themselves lacked, even to hunger, the bread they produced. Madame Stephanie le Perier, in the cold inhuman pride of her cha racter, showed the latest development of the noble races that had lived for ages by the bitter labor of such degraded serfs ; and now the scum of their long perdition had seethed to the surface of society, and society was dying by wholesale of the poisonous miasma. In the early spring, Monsieur Rigault was back at the Grange, but for a few days ' only ; and - then he disappeared again. It was winter, settled and cold, before he once more presented himself in the accustomed shops with his thrifty basket. He was then full of sorrow. His lean resolute face ran down with tears when the shopkeepers asked him the truth of those awful scenes in Paris which their newspaper feebly depicted, but of which he had been an eye-witness, disguised, and in peril of his life. The details, in his broken English, were often grotesque, but they were pathetic too. This time he had not returned alone. He had brought with him a young girl whose father and mother had faithfully adhered to the unfortunate royal 'family, and had 'perished in October, only a few days in advance of the Queen. This girl was the Mam'selie Elise, and the niece of Madame Stephanie and Madame Rose. ' Mam'seUe Elise was not more than seven or eight years old when she came to Ash Grange. : She; was a dark- haired, handsome child, very imperious, wilful, and passionate, whose bursts of fury Madame Stephanie severely controlled by imprisonment in the great cupboard of her salon ; *-, at least, thfftale went in the town,- where the little princes* was often seen dancing along with Monsieur Riga-alt, who adored her, and where she was much noticed for her beauty, her singularity, and tragical orphanhood. 'She had no playfellows but her grief-aged kmsWonten and $heir'4ervant-, and: the imperious, wilful child grew up into an imperious, wilful maiden, full of caprices and madcap vagaries. At fifteen she was notoriously wild, unruly, and fierce ; and when her whims were contradicted she would threaten to stab herself, drown herself, poison herself — anything to be avenged on her guardians. She was sent to a convent in Warwickshire to receive education and discipline ; but, after the lapse of a year, she came home to the Grange no -milder than she went. She must have been as much out of her place in a convent as a hawk in a dovecot ; for restraint was intolerable to her, and she had no religious vocation whatever. From this period Mam'seUe Elise assumed to herself considerable freedom, perhaps licence of conduct, and she and Madame Stephanie were openly at feud. The young lady detested the poverty and narrowness of her life ; the elder abomi nated her niece's condescensions to gain a Uttle society. She had struck up an inti macy with a family near the Grange, who were of no rank and of no reputation. They had grown rich on the troubles of the times, and the sons, half-educated, dissolute, handsome young men, were making haste to squander their fortunes by aping the luxuries and extravagancies of the squireaichy. It was presently whispered in the town that Mam'seUe Elise had an intrigue with the eldest' son, and it came to the ears of Monsieur Rigault that a girl who had lately been admitted into the house to help Madame Bette, acted as their go-between. This girl was Bridget Johnes. That day, or the next, Bridget Johnes received her dis charge, and being quit of her scruples with her service, she opened her mouth and told astounding tales of the quarrels between Madame Stephanie and Mam'seUe Elise ; like she- devils, she said they were — but she was sorry for Mam'seUe Elise too. Concerning the alleged intrigue she was more reticent ; she denied, indeed, that there was any intrigue. This exposure took place at the opening of the year 1802, and about the same time died Mr. March, by whose courtesy the exiles held the Grange tent free. His heir was his sister, who was married to a Mr. Baxter, the father and mother of the present owner. To secure them against disturbance Mr. March, in his will, made them a gift of the Grange for such time as they might be pleased to occupy it. If they vacated it the Baxters were to acquire possession, but otherwise Madame Ste phanie and Madame Rose were at liberty to retain it for their joint and separate Uves. The Peace of Amiens opened the continent in the spring, and the Baxters, who -were not rich, had great hopes that the French ladies would hurry home and leave the Grange to them, but they made no signs of stirring. They had lost aU in France — rank, honor, name, fortune, and kindred — and were not likely to recover them under the consulate of Napoleon Bonaparte, then mounting to the pinnacle of power and glory. One fine evening in May Bridget Johnes, who liad gone to be dairymaid at the rectory, had occasion to walk down the glebe pastures that skirt the Grange garden, and divide it from the river. A holly-hedge forms the boundary, which is solid and lofty as a wall. Mam'seUe Elise had, to Bridget's knowledge, surmounted this barrier many a time to meet her lover, and Bridget had kept her counsel faithfully while she connived at or as sisted her evasions. But after this evening she was Ies3 secret. She met Mam'seUe walking by the river alone, and they had some conversation. Mam'seUe Elise exhibited a ring set with green stones, which she had accepted as a betrothal-ring from her lover, who, she said, wished her to fly with him to Scot land, where they could be married with out leave of her guardians. On certain evenings subsequent to this Bridget Johnes found opportunities of going into the pastures, prompted by curiosity to learn how the elopement scheme went on. But she met Mam'seUe Elise no more. Once she saw the lover prowling about watchfully, who told her Le had not been able to get a glimpse of his sweetheart fordays. Neitherwas surprised at this, for Madame Stephanie had means of keeping her unruly young kinswoman in durance, which she used without the smallest scruple. If she had seen the ring, and if Mam'seUe Elise had braved her with au avowal of her design to escape from the Grange into the arms of her plebeian lover, Bridget had no doubt that she was expiating her iniquity in close con finement—possibly in her own chamber, or quite as possibly in the great closet of the salon, to which narrow seclusion, with the aid of Madame Bette, Madame Stephanie had more than once committed her, even since her return from the con vent. Monsieur Rigault had never lost the distressed countenance that he had brought back after his last journey to Paris, Du-+. at this time he looked more than ever wretcited, more than ever haggard and porplexeu.- He wa8 silent too. When he entered the shops he had no answer to any bit of news from his friends. If they asked him why he did not go home now that France was at peace, and mul titudes of exiles and English flocking over to taste the long-forbidden delights of Paris, he only shook his head. One day, however, he was seen mounting the Shrewsbury mail-coach, and again Madame Stephanie reappeared in the town, more rigid, haughty, and formal, if possible, than before. Then it began to be said that Monsieur Rigault had re turned to France for good, and that he had taken Mam'seUe Elise with him. This was hardly credited at first, for Monsieur Rigault had given no warning of his departure to his humble friends, and had made them no fareweU ; but it was presently believed and accepted as quite natural that he should have set off thus secretly if he had to convey away Mam'seUe Elise. That Mam'seUe Eliso should have quietly consented to go was no marvel except to her lover, who persisted for several weeks in watching for her stiU about the Grange. Then there flew abroad a rumor, which originated with Bridget Johiies, that the young lady had drowned herself or had been put away, and this rumor presently grew bo loud that the rector, who was also a magistrate, felt it his duty to have an interview with Madame Stephanie. Her explanation satisfied him. She said that her niece had been conducted back to Franca and consigned to the survivors of her mother's family, who had recoveredaportionof their property, were in favor with the present Government, andhadexpresaedrepeatedly a desire to adopt her, before she (Madame Stephanie) could agree to yiela up her only brother's only child. She added that she and her sister were now growing old ; that they had no portion to give with the petite, and therefore they had striven with their devotion, and had sent her away from them. She made no aUu sion to the now notorious intrigue that had subsisted between Main'seUe Elise and her low-born lover ; but this the rector, who was himself of high Tory principles, perfectly understood and sym pathised with. He would have locked up his own daughter, or have sent her into banishment, had she so' dared to miscon duct herself. No one doubted the truth of the rector's assurance when he luUed the popular sus picions that had begun to gather round the Grange by publishing Madame Ste* phanie'B explanation. The lover of Mam'aeUe Elise accepted it like the rest ; but, instead of putting up with her re moval as an inexorable separation, he formed a sudden resolve to go across to France in search of her. Of course, neither Madame Stephanie nor the rector, who felt with her on this matter of plebeian lovers, would vouchsafe him any due to the whereabouts of either the young lady or her attendant,. Monsieur Rigault. He, however, set out at the end of September or the beginning of Oc tober, and his journey, with the quest in -view, : was long after talked about as a romance of affection. ' ; ?'. ' '. ' JTor .several- months Jiothmg. was heard of him ; his own people said he had f aUen into the slough of Parisian, wickedness and revelry, and that was why. But in the ensuing spring there came a letter with intelligence that his endeavors to discover his lady-love had been aU in vain, and that he was about to return home. He never did return, however, for the rupture of the Peace of Aniiens took place in May, 1803, and aU the travelling English in France were detained prisoners by command of the first consul. He died before a new peace arrived to set them free, and, with his memory, the events of that time faded into obUvion. The sole inhabitants of the Grange now were Madame Stephanie, Madame Rose, and Madame Bette. Only Madame Ste phanie ever encountered the pubUc gaze. Her sister had become a permanent in valid, but no physician was invited to relieve her maladies. Their poverty seemed more pinching than before, and their seclusion more complete. The rector endeavored to befriend them, but could never succeed in winning their con fidence, and at length ceased to seek it. The next change was the death of Madame Rose, which occurred in* 1815, when aU England was ringing its bells and rejoicing over the glorious victory of Waterloo. Once more the Baxters ex pected to some into ? possession of the Grange, and once more they were disap pointed. The restoration of the Bourbons appeared to bring no joy, no revival of hope to the remaining pair of exiled women. Madame Stephanie might not have heard of it, for any sign she made. As for Madame Bette, who ever looked on her dark and furrowed face once was not inclined to look again. She was a most forbidding personage, mute as the grave. During aU her long sufferance in England she had never picked up a word of English speech, nor made a single English friend. The two Uved on together to quite ex treme old age. Madame Bette died the first, and died suddenly. Madame Stephanie, aged as she was, still kept much of her ancient alertness and vigor, resisting every inducement proffered by the Baxters to remove into lodgings and accept from them the tendance necessary at her time of life. She survived Madame Bette about eighteen months, and died as solitary as she had lived. For two or three days she was missing from her usual haunts, and, when the house was forcibly entered, was found on the floor of the salon in a dying condition. She made threat efforts, as of ono who wishes to speak, but her tongue could form no in teUigible words, and before the priest who had been sent for could arrive, she was gone. She was buried beside her sister and- servant in the churchyard. And now, at last, the Baxters entered into possession of the Grange. The old people took up their residence in it, after putting it into habitable repair at the least possible cost ; for having brought up a large and expensive family, they had suf fered losses, and were less rich in their old age than they had been in their young days. Bridget Johnes was for some years their servant, and though she remem bered and spoke of the closet hi the salon, it was after the walls had been redeco rated, and then nobody was extravagant or curious enough to care about defacing them to recover it, until our boys took the work in hand. Who boarded up the closet is not known, but there can be no doubt that it kept the secret of murder, and that the skeleton we found was that of Mam'seUe Elise. Bridget Johnes re cognised the betrothal-ring on her hand. — From All the Year Sound. 