O ÖL O Ni A L E X T Ii A 0 T S . Ct rom i/w J'apers.) KIAMA.-MONDAY.-airs. John w nlker of Broughton Greek, while lifting something off tho tiro was fright- fully burnt from head to foot, hot dress having caught. Some of her extremities wera completely charred ; and Dr. Nówlan entertains but faint hopes of her recovery. SNAKE BITE, AND RESOLUTION OP A BOY.-A. boy was brought to Tinonee about thc middle of tho week, says (ho Maiming Uiver A'mos, to bo treated for a snake bite. No ono witnessed the snake's attack, but tho little fellow persisted in saying that ho had been bitten on tho Index linger of the left hand. Without consulting nny ono, tho boy nt onco chopped cir tho upper half of tho Anger, and of course ho allowed it to bleed freely. When wo saw him, four hours after this, there Wore no bad symptons present, and we nre inlnrincd that tho next morning ho appeared to bc quite as well as usual ; but of course tho child is mahned for lifo. Whether tho romarknblo nervo and resolution which this boy displayed, prevented thc absorption of tho snako's venom, nnd so saved his life, or whether ho was ever bitten at nil, must of course now remain a matter of conjecture. TUE LATE FIRE IN GEOHOE-STUEET.-VERDICT OF ARSON.-The inquiry into tho destruction by fire of tho premises shunted in Georgo-streot, and lately occupied by Mr. Abraham Abrahams, vas resumed and concluded on Thursduy, before tho City Coroner, Reuben Woodburn, butcher, who resided next door to tho premises which have been destroyed, stated that he wus standing outside his shop ou tho night of tho Aro, from half-past nina until ten ; ho did not sec Abrahams during that time, nar did ho notice any smoko or lire ubout Abrahams' shop. Benjamin S. Mountcnstlci hatter, said ho had been connected with tho hat business over fifty years ; from tho list of Abraham's stock, made out by Mr. Morris, it would be impossible for him or nny ono else to form any idea as to the valuo of the hats which Abrahams had in stock ; the list contained some descriptions of hats which were not made-such ns " Yankee, straw . under." Benjamin Braun produced a detailed list of articles supplied by him to Abrahams between Fobruary and September Oth. Ceoilia Woodburn stated tnaat she resided with her parents, next door to tho premises which hnd been destroyed ; shu was standing nt tho shop door about nina o'clock 611 tho night of tho tire; sha saw Abrnhnms loavo his shop \- about nina o'clock, but did not seo him again that evening. Ann Woodham, wife of Uoitbon Woonham, «tated that she did not seo Abrahams near his shop about half an' hour beforo tho fire broke out ; she was not aware that she had told n constablo that she did see Abrahams about half an hour previous to the ..discovery of the Bro ; she did not recollect having said to a constable, whllo tho Aro was burning, "I expected this for some time past" ; she saw Abrahams about nina o'clock on the night in question, but not . nftcr that hour. Mr. Solomons nnd Mr. IlobcrtB .having brielly addressed tho jury, tho Coroner summed up some of tho main points of tho evidence, tho jury, nftor deliberating for about nn hour nnd n half, returned a verdict, to tho cifuet that tho premises lately occupied by Abraham Abrahams hau buen wilfully and maliciously set on Aro by some person or persons unknown. TiiH CHIEF JUSTICE ON THE Anoi.moN OF DEATH PUXIBIIMBNT.-At tho Wagga Wagga Circuit Court upon tho conclusion of the trial of tho aboriginal 31lnck Bob, for nn attempt at rape, his Honor thc Chiof Justico said that ho desired to state it as lils deliberate opinion that if tho punishment of death for rape were abolished, in loss than three years eases of rapo and criminal assaults upon womon would incrcaso llve-fiild, - From Kngllsh statistics lt had been shown that immediately after tho abolition of the punlshment'of death for this crlmo, tho number .of coses had increased three-fold, and lu this country where defenceless womon aro BO often to bo found In solitary huts even worse results would assuredly follow upon tho repeal of tho existing law. He had lived a long timo und hud lind great cxporlenco with criminals, and ho felt convinced Hint for tho prevention of crlmo sovoro punishments wero ncccssnry. MAGISTERIAL FRACAS,-Wo havo a letter which dcsorlbos something Uko a flsttauir botweon two magistrates in nnnthcr portion of this doctorate. It is stntod that tho disagreement uroso from soma delny in registering u lottor nt it post-oAlco, with which ono of tho partlos ls connected, and that quito a BOORO followed I but ns lt ls also sold that tho matter is llkoty tn ba brought beforo tho courts wo shall not enter Into particulars at present. It may, however, bo remarked that such occurrences uta hardly com- patible with tho dignity uf thu mnßiaterlul olllcc JfumiiM.7 /firer A'eii'j, . TUB I.VDUSTIUAL SCHOOL.-Botwocn eight and nine o'clock on Sunday ovenlng, loud scronms woro heard In the Industrial School, and som o anxiety was manifested by tho general pubtio to know the causo of tho screaming which, for a few minutes, was exceedingly loud and violent.. Most of tho people who heard it fancied that tho glrh wcro either fighting nmongst themselves, or olso that thoy were Retting punished nt tho instanco of tho matron. Neither suppositions wcro in tito remotest degreo correct. Wo havo ascertained on undoubted authority, that tho solo oause of tho outcry was sheer devilment on tho part of soma sovon or eight of .tho girls .who were located together in ono of the dor- mitories . Dlreotly Mrs. King heard tho screaming, sho hurried to where it proceeded from, and inquired the cause She was informed by the offenders that " Thero was a man or a ghost under ono of tho beds," and that they had screamed because they wore afraid. After giving the girls a sevoro rebuko for their unruly behaviour, and threatening them with much worse consequences if they did not remain quiet, Mrs. King left, und, wo nuod scarcely add, tho " ghost " gavo tho " young ladies " no further trouble. Considering tho class of characters Mrs. King has to deal with, it surprises us how sho manages to keep them so orderly and woll-bohavod as she does.-Newcastle Chroniclo. MELHOUIINE.-Tho romains nf tho child lost at Buninyong have been found in thc bush. Another child was lost near Mount Macedon.-There was a heavy thunderstorm on Thursday morning.-It is rumoured that tho Boso of Australia has been drugged. Several bookmakers aro , implicated. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co. report 1100 head of cattle have been brought foward ¡ primo beef is worth 2'is. per lOOlbs,; 13,000 fat sheep were brought to market, fifty-four pound wethers aro worth 13s. A meeting in aid of tho sufferers by tiro nt St. Kitts has been held, mid a committee formed.-Thc agri- cultural show at Ballarat was a great success. Mr. Lennon, Melbourne, obtained tho prize for tho best .plough. Mr. lloby's threshing ' machine was much admired.-It is rumoured that Sir Francis Murphy is likely to retire from tho Speakership on a pension.-Tho Reception Commission havo shelved the Victorinn Musical Association's Concert in favour of the Philharmonic.-A woman and child wero found drowned ut St. Kilda, on Saturday, and wore idontilied as Mrs. Johnson and daughter, of Ballarat.-Mr. Uebden, ono of tho pioneers of the colony, died of peritonitis.-Mcissmor and Vorbenger, tobacco mer- chants, hnvo been charged with smuggling, and re- manded till Wednesday next. YASS,-Two armed mon stuck up Mr. Hilly, of Yass, near Bogolong, on Thursday, and took from him £4. They afterwards stuok up Lahauo's station, at Coppabella, robbing tho place of about £7, a rovolvor, and a saddo. Messrs. Julian, Uodkln, and several others were also stopped by the same men, and robbed of different sums. TUE New LIFEHOAT.-Tho new lifeboat was tried for tho ilrst time since hor arrival in Newcastle, on Wednesday, on which occasion sho was manned by a crow of twelve, and taken outside of Nobby's for a considerable distance. Captains Allan, Cross, and Wetherill, with ¡lt.- C. F. Stokes, formed part of tho orew. Twenty-nino porsons went in tho boat altogether, and one and all expressed themselves as highly pleased at her capabilities and seo going qunlities, On tho following day tho boot was cap- sized under ono of tho cranes for tho purpose of seeing how quickly . she would right and empty herself. Each time sho was turned over she righted Instantly, and emptied horself of tho water in twenty four seconds. Tho result of tho experiment was con- sidered very satisfactory.-Newcastle Chronicle. ADELAIDE.-Captain Douglass reports seeing two largo water spouts in tho Gulf on Friday morning. Tho Opern Company intend prolonging tho sonson for another ten dnys ; they aro drawing largo houses. Tho Bush Fires Bill introduced by Government has proved n failure, through throe separate counts-nut of tho Assembly. During tho discussion on thc bill it was ntteinpted to forbid tho use of nil other matches except Bryant and May's safety.-Weather fine, with signs of n continuance.-Corn market unaltered. Tho Estimates are all passed, and it is thought Parliament will soon be dissolved.-Tho correspon- dence between thc Government and the northern territory proprietors nt homo, ls published ; the latter demand that the purchase money shall bo immediately returned with interest.-Tho weather is cooler, with signs of rain.-Tho corn innrkot is quiet, owing to tho absence of shipping; there havo been Bmall sales of wheat at 4s. 10|d, ; no quantity offering undor 6s. ¡ there have been lnrge'Snlos of country flour nt £11 to' £11 10d.-The Sydney Marino Board has passed by- laws, embodying stringent regulations, referring to tho landing and shipment of gunpowder nt Wálluroo. -The inspector of sheep's quarterly report ls unfavourable.-Despntchcs from Cadell are not so fnvorablo as.rogards the discovery of a sito for settle- ment ns was rumoured. -Tho Ballway Loan Bill passed tho second reading.-Corn market firm. Prices unaltered Star of Ghent chartered to take 000 tons breadstuff's for London. 