Hobart Towa aud the South. (From Saturday's TasmsnUn Times.) INTBBCOLOKIAL EXniBITIOM. At a Meeting of the Southern Commis sioners held at Hobart Town, on Friday, — Sir R. Dry said that the only thing now preventing the Commis sioners from closing their accounts was the none receipt of the accounts from the Launceston Commissioners, but he sup poBcd Mr Douglas was perhaps absent or busy attending tbe court. He had ex pected the accounts down on Wednesday. The only thing after to-day's meeting would be to prepare a rough draft of a re port lor Parliament. Relerence was made as to the good posi tion in which Tasmania stood in tbe Inter colonial Exhibition, at a small expense, and that if they could get tbe funds in band at Launceston remitted, they could afford to be liberal. It was mentioned that Dr Officer, the permanent Chairman of the Commissioners was at present absent lrooi the colony, and be had expressed the wish to assist in pre paring the report to be presented to Par liament. It was resolved that tbe prepara tion should be postponed till the Doctor's return. As tbe only business now to set tle was matters ol account, it was stated that that was probably the last meeting till Dr Officer returned. C0NFIBHATI0N. The right of confirmation was admin istered yesterday evening at St. John's, Upper Goulbourn-street, by the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, to thirty-two postu lants — twenty-two being females, and ten males. The Rev. Gellibrand, Bromby, and Bramwell assisted at the service. Tbe Bishop delivered a most eloquent address to the newly confirmed, from the 8th verse of 1st chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. 'But ye shall receive power after the Holy Ghost is come upon yon, and ye shall be witnesses unto me.' The Cburch was densely crowded. GOLD FROM F1NQAL. Mr Thomas the Government Surveyor came down fron Fingal on Tuesday, and brought with him 66 ounces ol gold from the Kings! Beef, which was handed over to Mr Wbitcomb the Manager of the Company. The prospects ol the Com pany are looking np. Mr Thomas also brought 9 ounces of alluvial gold, which has been obtained from tbe locality of Mangana, obtained at depths of from 8 to 10 icet. TBOTTINd MATCH. The match arranged between Mr Moore's Miss Pope and Mr Woods' Spanker, for £20 aside, came ol' yesterday. Tlie distance was about ten miles, being from tbe first milcetone on the New Town Road to the eleventh milestone, opposite the watch house at Bridgewatcr. Shortly alter ten o'clock the competitors were on the ground, Mr Moore driving in an American ' spider' weighing 140lbs , and Mr Woods in a gig weighing four cwt. Mr. Walter Graham acted as starter, and a very good start was efiected, Miss Pope leading, which she maintained up to the ninth milestone, having, however, broke three times. Up to the ninth milestone she bad been leading about throe or lour lengths, but a few yards past the ninth milestone Spanker passed the ady. Going down the Ten- mile Hill, by Hcstcrcomb, Spanker broke, and Miss Pope pissed him, and kept the lead up to the winning post, coming in about half a length Ahead of her »ut«gonut, The time wm not accurately taken, bat the ten miles were done in Irom 40 to 42 minutes. Thine was a large number of sporting men pretext, both ut the start and tbe fiiiMi. Some ^iiisntislncliun appears to exist a* to Moore ?-CKiff oij the ofl siiie near the finish, and not letting Woods puts when called on to do so. 'J'bere linn - etn a protest handed in by Woods in consequence. The race caused a considerable imiuiint ol' excitement. (Fruin Monday'1* Mercury ) ACCLIMATISATION. Ky the Southern (Jn ?** on Friday there arrived, under consignment to the Accli matisation Society of Tasmania, a pair of very fine bares, transmitted by the kindred society iu Melbourne, in return fora Buip raent ot English perch received by that body from our local association. By the same vessel also Colonel Chesuey, who came over as a passenger, brought across two specimens of the tribe of the sloth family, popularly known by the designa tion of native bears, A letter has uke wise come to hand from Mr. Sprigg, the secretary of the Victorian Acclimatisa tion Society, announcing that a number o£ English sparrows will be forwarded by the next steamer iu charge of Dr Officer, who is at present in Melbourne,on a visit. As it was desirable that the hares should be enlarged as soon as possible after their arrival, Mr. J. W. Graves started with them, as soon as the necessary prepara tions could be made, for Franklin Island, where they have doubtless before this time been landed, and placed in tbe charge of the Acclimatisation Society's game keeper. Mr. Sprigg, in his letter, states iu reference to the request of the Tas manian Society that their Victorian fellow laborers iu the cause of acclimatisation would furnish them with a pair of Angora goats, that a female cannot be spared at present, but that a ram from the Melbourne flock will be placed at their service if they choose to send for it. The writer adds that good fleeces may be obtained by the introduction of this ani mal amongst flocks of the common goat. As there is no doubt that the offer of the ram will be availed of, he may be ex pected to arrive by the next steamer from Melbourne. In connection with the in troduction of the hares it becomes pecu liarly gratifying at this moment tc be aware of the fact stated in our columns within the past few days, that Mr. T. Austin, of Barwon Park, near Geelong, Victoria, has recently enlarged from his estate some thirty specimens of this animal, so deservedly prized both by the sportsman and the gastronomist. It is now several years since Mr. Austin im ported to Victoria the first members of the family, and for a time doubts were entertained that bis enterprise would prove as successful as was desirable. The fact of his having been now enabled in addition to stocking his own preserves to enlarge as many as thirty bares in the open country ia, however, sufficient to demonstrate clearly that time, care, and attention only are requisite to ensure the ultimate establishment of these valu able creatures as permanent denizens of the Australian group of settlements. ABSC0NDKRS FROM THE COLONY, AUD HOW DISPOSED OF. A man named Finnigan was brought from Geelong, iu the custody of Sergeant Andrews, of the Victoria Police, by the Southern Cross, charged on information by Mr Jones of (he Kural Police, with having absconded from the service of the Crown iu this colony so far back as 1851. We believe the warrant for his capture was sent over at tbe instance of the Vic toriau authorities, who communicated with our Government. On Saturday the accused was brought up at the Police Court, and remanded to the Prisoners' Barracks for trial. On a former occasion we referred to the objectionable practice of secret trial of men of this class. A few weeks ago a man of color, named Julian, was charged with, absconding and similarly remanded, but, upon enquiry, we find that instead of being tried for abscondiug, the circumstances of that case were sucli that Julian, on the recom mendation ot Mr A. B. Jones, Stipendiary Magistrate, obtained a free pardon. We also find that the practice of remanding abscondevs lor trial at the Prisoners' Bar racks is founded on the old convict regu lations, a copy of which we have not been able to obtain. VVe believe that for some years tbe regulation was not acted upon, and that absconders were tried at the public Court, until about two years ago, when a member of the late Government directed a recurrence to the old practice. There cau be no doubt, however, that it is repugnant to the altered state of things in this colony to have these private trials, more especially as the old convict system is nearly worn out, and there are only re maining, of ticket-of leave holders, some fifty or sixty in the colony altogether. And if even public convenience requires that absconders from labour gangs should be dealt with by the visiting magistrates at the gaol, the rule should not be applied to cases like this. The man has been away sixteen years, and whatever his character and pursuits may have been during that time, the public are entitled to know under what circumstances his sentence, if any, is passed, and that can only be done by public trial. 8TJDDEN DFATE. Yesterday morning, a man named William Wilkinson, a coachbuilder in the employ of Mr McPherson, of Collins street, was found dead in his bed. The deceased resided in Patrick-street, and on Saturday night he had a severe apopletic fit. His wife took little notico of this as the man was subject to such fits, and she retired to bed. On awakening in the morning she found her husband dead by her side. Dr Brooke was called in, and pronounced life to be extinct. An inquest will be held. (From Yesterdays H, T. Mercury) Mechanics' institute. It will be seen by advertisement that on Thursday evening next a dramatic reading is to be given at the Mechanics' Distitute of the play ' A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing ' when we understand that Mra. Charles Meredith is to take a part. Annual members to the institute are entitled to Introduce two ladies, but quarterly sub scribers can claim admission for them selves only ; non-members will Ce admitted on payment of one shilling to readings or concerts, orof sixpence upon lecture nights. We are glad to lacrn that under the now committee of management the institute is making very rapid progress, and that Its funds are in an improving position, A DANdEBOUS OOCDUUBKCE Yesterday morning as Mr. Sharp was passing along tho footpath at Franklin Wharf, near the Marine Board Officealarge piece of (he footpath gave way and Jdr, Sharp was percipitated into a hole, bathe speedily stepped up, and ou examination it was found that there was a drain under the path, and that tho action of the water had caused Ibu wu^hing away of the under wurk. We preauiue the uuthorities b;iyo ere this caused the pa'h to be re paired, or the cavity to bo fenced ronnd in order to prevent accidents, SKW 1'F.BloDlCAX. Jt will be bucu by uur advertising columns that a new periodical, entili.l the Tasiiiaitixit L'aLho'ic Standard, wili be published on the 23rd of July. Wo refer our readers tu the advertisement for tho object and general character of the publication. the auscoskeh swan. A rumour reached town by the New Norfolk coach yesterday to the effect that the above-named escaped prisoner just contrived to avoid apprehension by the police at Bridgewater, on Sunday night. The story is that the man waB traced to the house of a resident of the township in question, by chief district constable Jones, of Bridgewater, accompanied by Superintendent Evenden, of the New Norfolk police, and three constables. The officers surrounded the house, but the prisoner became aware by some means of their approach, and bolting out got clear away. MAOQUABIE STREET BRIDGE. It will be seen by reference to the City Council report that the tenders for heavy timber required to repair the new bridge of the domain entrance of Macquane street arc considered to be too high, and both therefore have been declined, the Council having authorised the Public Works Committee to arrange for the supply of the timber in a mode by which a saving o35 per cent, will be effecteb. 