THE RECENT LAND PAIB AND THE LEAPING BILU I To the Editor of the Darling Doumt Oasctte. I £m— The Queensland Times of Thursday devotes i brief paragraph in noticing the letter you were good enough to insert in your issue of Tuesday. The editor designates the writer 'stupid,' and treats the subject matter of my communication very lightly. The erratic editor of the 'great gun' of Ipswich is just now in high favour with the Minister for Works, one of the gentlemen who purchased so largely at the recent sale. He has been treated to a cheap trip on the railway almost to Toowoomla, and. has promised us in uis broaa sheet of Saturday 'a true and faithful account' of all his free gratis peregrinations. -*o doubt the account he will furnish will be of a highly ministerial character. He will tell us all about the trucks that ran off the lino the other day, and will not fail to dilate largely upon the excellence and durability of the blue metal now being used for ballast on the Main Radge. It is very refresh ing to leave, even for a day, the close air and sepulchral dullness of deserted IpRwicb for the clear bracing airs that float in the vicinity of the Bangs, and the editor's mental powers will be so largely invigorated from the trip, that he will assuredly impart more than usual pun gency to his productions. The Minister for Works, whose photograph doubtless adornB the editorol sanctum, will have ati extra, touch of the flattery brush, and the energy he is displaying in pushing on so vigorously the completion of the Main Banga Itailway Works, at all costs and at all hanutu, will be eulogised in language choice and of course governmental. It is remarkable bow tenacious the Ipswich editor is of hiis friend and patron's character. Not an unkind word .muBt be said about him, or of him. His (Jerson must be as sacred as a Brahmin bull, and before any one dare express an opinion on land sales or railways in whioh the Minixter for Works is con cerned, the editor of the Queensland Timet must he first consulted.. This sort of thing however, may be suited to the temperature of Ipswich, but is by no means suited to die temperature of the Downs, ' Stupid ' as ?ft may be, we have just sufficient common Bense to believe that there is no particular magic in the name of ' Watts,' and while we have reason to reverence the name of ' Watt' the father of railways, we have equal Teason to doubt the 'Watts' who has assumed the position of Engineer-in-Chief of the work* on. the Main Range. But this is a digression, for which you must blame the 'eccentric editor' of the Qumtland Tima, the Ajax of the Minister for Works. Those who remember the now celebrated period wbc the Macalister Ministry was imperilled, and ultimate! defeated, on their land policy, and Fring, Dalrymple* and Watte assumed portfolios for the salvation at their* country and the good of their souls, will recollect the avidity willi which the public received ' the principle,' as it was termed, of leasing land for agricultural purposes. It was then to be the Shibboleth for a general election. No candidate was supposed to have a ghost of a chance with urban or eurburhan constitu encies who did not 'go *he »hok bog' for this ' principle.' It was to be the panacea of all the ilia of Queensland, financial ani otherwise, and was to have an ' Aladdin and his wonderful lamp ' effect in settling the people on tnelande of the colony. 'Tt* principle' underwent a tegulative incubation and was batoned a full grown 'Leasing Bill.' Land was to be submitted to auction, and if— that unfortunate word, bow much in legislation it ha* to answer for ?— not then aoldahonld be open to selection in thirty days, at a rental, per annum, of two thflUng* and nxpeue per acre;B»ch rental in eight yean to be ?qaivaleot to £1 per man parehase money Those deluded individuals who, witt tterhajaody of Jordan, piotared the wilder ness Uootsinf like a nee, and the wild wactea peopled with tbe tome*of fodttstriim««iHl thriving pop«UU«i, timing* the magical inflnence of the Leasing Bil— ten, in their wildest flights of imagination, expected to see On- very best hind ou the railway lines bought up ia the Manner it was lit the kind sale on Tburalav «wt last. Let me aak tlie wqiieut editor of the Qumulaud Tiiiut what was the objert of tlie Leasing Bill '. Was it sim- I ply to get rid of all the choice lands at (be ujoet price ! of £1 per acre ? or, was it, as its name implies, to lease lands to agriculturalists for agricultural purposes t If the latter, then 1 again repeat, stupid as I may be to say so, that the bill ia a ' miserable failure' ; if the former, then is it a great success. The eight thousand acres, purchased by the gentlemen interested in Gowrie station, was, without any question, as tine agricultunil land as ! any on the Darling Downs. Had it not been bought up in the wholesale way it was, the whole of it, at tbe ex piration of thirty days, would have been selected, not by 'dummies,' but by real tonafide agricultural settlers. Which would have added most to the material prosperity of the district— to have had this large extent of land oc cupied by a settlement of farmers, or, as it is now, made grazing ground for a solitary flock of sheep! The Queensland TVbks talks of the inarket being Bhortly glutted with land ; but of what descrip tion of land ? Not such lands as were sold ou Thursday week— but mere refuse. It U this wretched policy we, ' stupidly' perhaps, complain of. Tbe best of the land in our district, abutting on the portion of tbe railway and Gowrie Creek, in purchased under the Leasing Bill, by tbii owners of Gowrie station, and then ' tbe market is glutted' forsooth with all that is useless and unprofit able. Ia Una satisfying the demands of tbe people ? The agricultural selector, who formerly selected land on an agricultural reserve, was bound to reside on his selec tion for six months, to cultivate one sixth, and fence in the whole within twelve montliK. He was further re stricted to 320 ucrcs. Under the Leasing Bill, a quarto of squatters cau go iuto the uuction room, bid defiance to the farmers of email moans, and take up their eight thousand acres without any conditions whatever of resi dence, cultivation, or fencing. Will any man of com mon sense assert that this ia justice ? Is nut an anomaly in our land la«s, and a disgrace to tlie Go- j vernment that tolerate it ? Is it not evident that there , is one bud law fur iho rich aud another fur the poor 1 It is difficult, Mr. Editor, to write temperately on such a subject. No uuu who wishes well to the colony hut roust regret the fut.il mistakes that have been made iu our land legislation. There never was a period iu our history when ' a comprehensive land bill' was more J urgently required. When we place the Lex'sing Bill of : last year side by side with tbe Agricultural ltescrvos Act of 1863, it is almost impossible to believe that the two measures emanate! frran the same parliament, or thai any parliament rould allow them to remain on the *atne statute book. ' Stupid' as it may he, in the opinion of tbe Ipswich protector of the Minister for Works, I re peat agoiu tbat the Leasing Bill, as it is now adminis tered, is 'a mockery, a delusion, aud a snare.' Tlie people have been deceived by Ms very name, and ntill more by its provisions. No defence the editor of the Queensland Tima am make, will eradiate tlie deeply rooted opinion entertained by every farmer with whom I have conversed — that they have been basely snl.l by false friends, and tbat tbe miuxiire tluy once bailrd with joy and satisfaction, nnw that they have had |»oo{ positive of its mischievons und ruinous Uudcn-:;, they view with bulling and detestation. Iain, .Sir, yours, kc, CAUSTIC. 