The Novelist. GRANTFORD GRANGE; OR, THE GIPSY MOTHER. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. CHAPTER I. SHOT DEAD. THROUGH the leafy shadow of some thick woods in the northern part of New York, not many miles from the shores of Lake Ontario, strode one sunny autumn morning a handsome gentleman of middle age, who carried a fowling piece over his shoulder and walked with a rapid step and an evident desire to gain some destina- tion as speedily as possible. Sometimes he gave a shrill call, as though companions were not far off, and listened for an answer with something between a laugh and a frown. "It's late in the day for me to lose my way in these woods," he muttered, as he walked on. "I wish I had not given them the slip. Where have they gone to ? Here—Durmont ! Leslie ! Grey ! Hang the fellows ! where are they ?" The gentlemen thus irreverently alluded to were either out of hearing or disinclined to re- ply ; but almost as he spoke a slender, boyish form parted the branches and stepped directly in his path, where he stood almost motionless. He was a handsome young fellow, who would have been exceedingly gentlemanly but for a certain dissipated look which marred the effect of fine features, splendid colouring, and graceful form ; and the likeness between the two men betokened kinship, but that they were not in consequence friends was evident from the scowl which settled upon the face of the elder gentle- man as he recognised the new-comer, as well as by the words : "What do yon want here, sir ?" The younger man replied humbly enough : "I wanted to see you, uncle, and went to the Grange. You were out, and I knew enough of your habits to expect to find you here on an October day ; and by good luck I've met you. The fact is, I need a little money." "Bad luck, Dick—bad luck," said the elder man. I've told you time and again I never want to see you. As for being your banker, I respectfully decline. You haven't a shadow of a right to claim anything, and I won't give it. Work, if you want to live. It's the only chance you have of making yourself a decent man. There are no old shoes of mine to wait for (as you know), and I say again I'll not help you to live in idleness." "About the matter of right I'm not sure," said the youth. "Old grandfather must have been mad when he made that will, and poor mother was his daughter, you know. Besides you brought me up to expect everything, and turned me off at last with nothing ; and if I am in difficulties, it's your fault, Uncle Grantford. You treat my sister like your own daughter and make a beggar of me ; is there any justice in that ? You know there's not." "Your sister is a sweet child," said the elder gentleman. She has always been as good and lovely as her mother. No one can say I must treat a good niece whom I love as I do a bad nephew whom I have no reason to like much. Make yourself what she is, and I'll be as kind you. There— there, Dick," he added, more mildly. "If you only would reform, I'd forget and forgive in a moment ; but you know what a life you lead, and I'll neither help you nor have you at the Grange while you do lead it. I wonder you can't believe me by this time." "I know you hate me, well enough,'' said the young man. "I never expected you'd rush into my arms but I did suppose and do suppose you won't like to have one of your own family openly disgraced, as I shall be if I don't have a hundred dollars to- day. You needn't look in- credulous uncle ; if a a fact." "A fact or a lie, I've had enough of it," said the other sternly. "Disgrace me if you can ; be sent to gaol or hung ; I'll not lift a finger or pay a cent to help you. I won't listen to the story ; I don't care what scrape it is you've got into now. Bear it or die of it. It's all one to me remember that, Dick Osprey, for the future. Stand out of my way, will you ; and he strode past his nephew with an almost me- nacing motion of the hand. The young man endeavoured to arrest his uncle. Hastening after him, he cried : "Uncle— Uncle Grantford ! One moment— listen to me one moment. I'll never appeal to you again. I— Ah ! he's gone ! gone !" And a torrent of oaths burst upon the air, and the youth fell to tearing handfuls of hair from his head, and absolutely weeping with vexation. Suddenly, as he stood in the ecstasy of rage the report of a gun sounded through the woods and through the leafy solitude his uncle's voice came back to him : "Great Heavens !" Nothing beyond this ejaculation ; but it brought Dick Osprey to his senses, and he started off at full speed, terrified beyond expression, in the direction whence the sound came. In two minutes he stood beside his uncle's outstretched form, in s shady spot under an immense oak tree, upon whose exposed and moss-grown roots the body lay, still grasping the fowling-piece. From a spot just over the heart a little blood was trickling, and the eyes were glazed, and the jaw had fallen, and it was evident that life was already quite extinct. Time was when Dick Osprey had loved this uncle of his dearly ; and at the awful sight, old recollections rushed upon him with overwhelm- ing force, and he caught the inanimate form in his arms, and implored the dumb lips to speak to him. "Only one word, Uncle Harry,—only one," he moaned. "Tell me you forgive me ; call me, Dick my boy, as you used. Oh, Uncle Harry ! Uncle Harry !" And as he spoke a hand came down on his shoulder, and a voice whispered : "What are you staying here for ? Why don't you cut ? There'll be plenty here to see you before long, and that won't do, you know." Dick Osprey looked up, and saw at his side a man of about his own age—dwarfish, dark- skinned and coarse featured—dressed in a flashy style, and wearing a quantity of gaudy jewellery. He knew the face well, and burst out into a failing cry. "Oh Sim, look here—poor old uncle ! I think his gun must have gone off of itself, He's dead—quite dead ! And his last words were words of anger. He used to be good to me. Oh, Uncle Harry ! Uncle Harry !" "Don't gammon me," said the other. "Come, Dick, none of that. I'm your friend, you know, I suppose he provoked you. He was a cantank- serous old boy ; and I ain't one to peach. But don't try it on." "What do you mean— what do you dare to mean, Simeon Blix ?" shouted Dick Osprey. "I mean I know who fired the shot," said Simeon. "Come; it's time you were off. You'll be caught else. Come." "Simeon, Simeon," cried the youth, "how can you suspect me ? We were not on good terms, but I wouldn't kill a dog in cold blood. Oh, Sim., he shot himself, I think, by accident." And tears like a girl's poured down the youth's smooth cheek. Simeon Blix picked up the fowling-piece and examined it. "This has never been fired," he said. "Look !" As he spoke he extracted the load deftly. "If I believe you," he said, "no one else will. Unless you want to be hung, you'd better cut. That's plain, but it's true." The weak youth he addressed turned deadly pale. "No, no, they'd believe me," he said— "they'd believe me." "They'd hang you," said Simeon. "Come." "And leave poor uncle— no, no." "Nonsense ! He'll be taken care of, " said Sim. "You can't do no good to dead men by lookin' at 'em. Think of the living, say I. Have you got the money ?" "Money ?" said Dick, in bewildered accents. "Yes ; you said you were going to ask him for some." "I remember." "You may well. What will happen to you if you don't put that hundred back in old Draftem's safe to-night ?" "Yes ; it will be hard for me." "He hasn't got it about him, then ?" "How should I know ?" "Know ? Haven't you looked ?" "I'm no robber, Sim." "Bah ! Come, hurry, —I hear guns." "Sim., don't ! My brain is whirling ; I am going mad ! Could you fancy I would rob the dead ?" "Easier than to rob the living, Dick. Well, I don't mind helping you. There—that's his pocket-book. You know the place, and every penny would be yours if the young un wasn't at the Grange. So help yourself. Won't ? Well, I'll carry it awhile. Come, Dick ! I say do you want to be arrested for murder ? That's it, do you ?" "Oh, Sim., Sim.," moaned the youth ; " they could not think it. My good uncle, who used to be so kind to me !" "Confound it ! come along," whispered Sim. "This way. Nobody must see you. Hush ! Come, come now." And he dragged the trembling Dick away from the awful spot by main force, just in time to escape the little band of sportsmen who were crashing their way through the under-growth, and calling in stentorian voices for the comrade who would never answer them again. At the same moment another figure glided from the shadow of the trees, and vanished in the heart of the woods— the figure of a woman, wrapped in cloak and hood, beneath which glittered an eye like that of a tigress. CHAPTER II. THE PASTOR AND THE HIGHWAYMAN. ARCHIBALD HELMSTONE, pastor of the little church which was the pride of the Episcopal residents of Pulaski, a town of New York State, came from the door of the "Washington Head Quarters," a roadside tavern not many miles from the banks of the Lake Ontario, and stood fitting on his gloves and waiting with mild patience for the little nag which was being slowly made ready for the road by a heavy look- ing German boy. Behind him—the man a little in advance, as became the master of the house—followed landlord and landlady, rather to retard than "speed their parting guest," if their motive could be judged by their speech and gestures. "You ain't never goin' tu start at this hour, Domine," began the woman. "Sun's a'most down, and there's a rain comin' on, or I'm no Yankee. 'Taint for the sake of a longer bill, as I hope you know, for Jonathan ud be ashamed to charge a mite more, but seems to me I can't let ye go to-night no how." "We're of one mind on that pint, anyhow," said the landlord. "Jest send the beast back, Domine, and come in agin. The road aint, to the best o' my belief, over safe at night—not any way to an old gentleman, and a man o' peace by profession, as you may say. Maybe ye haven't heerd down tu your town how't Farmer Oats was robbed and well about mur- dered a week ago comin' home from market." "And your cold not over yet," said the land- lady. "If you was my partner, I'd not let you go, ef it come to takin' and lockin' up your hat." "Let me see any woman durst do that for me," said the landlord. "If I was sot on goin' I'd go ; but she's right about you, Domine, considerin' the storm and the cold, and the rascals at large, and everything taken together." "As to the storm," said the old gentleman, buttoning his coat, "if it should come on, I never stop for weather. My cold is well, and in this country and this age I trust the days of highwaymen are over. Besides, I carry no- thing to tempt them. And, good folks, I'm wanted at home. Mrs. Helmstone writes to me that Aunty Pratt is near her end, and I must see her. She has been a member of our church ever since I came to it. The little good we have to do should be done at once, for life is short, and I have been away from my flock too long already. Ah, Hans, ready with my horse ? Good bye, good bye, friends." And shaking hands, the clergyman gained his saddle with an activity remarkable in one who must have seen nearly seventy years of life, and rode away without farther parley. It was a splendid day as yet, despite the few clouds which, in the landlady's cautious eyes, foreboded rain. The grass was green, the flowers brilliant ; birds sang in the bushes, and butter- flies flitted over the broad fields of wheat and corn. Everything in nature was calculated to raise the spirits of the traveller, and he was not one to brood or mope at any time. If his face was as true an index of his character as faces usually are, he might be known at a glance as a happy, benevolent, God-fearing old man, who kept the golden rule, and loved his neighbour as himself. He ambled on slowly amidst the pleasant scenes, thinking of many homely things and of many pleasant duties ; of the new church pul- pit ; of the best way of reconciling Deacons Grunt and Grumble ; of his cosy, comfortable little old wife ; of his wards, Estelle and Aure- lia Kent ; and last, but not least, of little Otho Grantford, whose winning ways and bright beauty would have won his heart, even if cir- cumstances had not made him in a certain degree the little orphan's guardian, and placed him in a position which demanded all his caution. " 'Tis no light matter," he said to himself. "A suitable tutor for the child I am commis- sioned to find and engage, and where shall I find him ? Many a man understands Greek and Latin and mathematics, but that is not all. A good tutor may make the boy a good man, a bad one ruin him. I must wait, and pray the Lord to aid me in my choice. Mr. Morgan wants the place. He is genial and well edu- cated, but my mind misgives me. His face is that of a gentleman over fond of wine. An evil habit, and one which I trust— Hey, Sukey. Mercy on us, I forgot where I was." And truly the good clergyman, unused to the saddle, had wandered from it in mind to the pulpit, and unconsciously commencing a dis- course, had executed sundry flourishes which which were not to be borne even by the amiable animal he rode. The heedless equestrian had only discovered this by finding that the saddle and himself had parted company, and that he was sitting in the road, with Sukey staring at him, with her white- lashed eyes full of rebuke and inquiry. It was a sudden fall, but not a violent one. In a few moments the old gentleman discovered that no bones were broken, and that the marshy spot where he had fallen was as soft, if not as pleasant, as a feather-bed. Gathering himself up, and looking with dis- gust at his bespattered garments, Mr. Helm- stone approached Sukey with the intention of mounting her. To his alarm and grief, the attempt proved that she had not escaped as well as her master. She was injured by the tumble against the stones on the road, and al- together too lame to be of any use upon the journey. Mount he could not, and Pulaski was yet too far to render the prospect of a walk thither agreeable to a gentleman of Mr. Helmstone's weight and age. The clergyman cast a look toward the setting sun, another toward the road which wound toward the "Washington's Headquarters," and wished for the moment that he had tarried there until morning. However, it was too late to return, and walk he must, if he would reach home that night; so, taking the poor animal's bridle on his arm, he set off on his journey. Slowly and patiently ; but the hours sped on as swiftly as before. The sun reached the hori- zon and sank below it amidst gorgeous rifts of clouds. Then gold and purple faded from the sky, and left only dim twilight, with the pale ghost of an early-risen crescent moon over head, and still the roofs of Pulaski were not even in sight. A less patient man might have given vent to his annoyance in hasty words and looks, but in such cases Archibald Helmstone bore his fate meekly. He did think of supper growing cold — of a great arm-chair and a pair of slippers standing empty— and of a face pressed against the panes of the parsonage window on the look- out for him ; but he only trotted on a little faster, and murmured : "Poor Sukey ! poor old beast !" Still, plod on as he might, night gathered over the parson's way. The lame horse was a sad clog, and he was unused to pedestrian exer- cises, and the moon had grown yellow as gold, and the distant hills ink-black, when suddenly from behind a clump of bushes beside the road emerged the form of a man, tall, formidable in appearance, and wearing over his face a crape mask. "Stand and deliver !" cried a voice from be- neath tke mask. "Your money, parson, or your life !" Mr. Helmstone looked upon the apparition much as we look upon fearful objects in a dream. At first he did not quite comprehend his own position. Stand and deliver ! Did the ruffian mean to possess himself of Sukey ?— The hand upon the bridle clutched itself more firmly. Meanwhile the highwayman did a very sin- gular thing. From his breast he drew a little ink-horn, a pen, and a piece of paper. These he extended to the clergyman. "Sign your name to this, Parson Helmstone," he said, "and you may go free. I want neither your old blood nor your lame beast—only your signature." "My signature to what, lawless man ?" asked Mr. Helmstone. "Read if you like, the moon is bright enough," said the highwayman. And he stretched the document towards the old clergy- man. "The latter took it, settled his glasses upon his nose, and read : "Humphrey Hollingsworth, Esq., Banker.— Sir : Please deliver to the bearer the casket of jewels and ornaments now in your possession, confided to your care, March 3rd, 17—, and oblige thereby——" "Your name is all that is needed," cried the highwayman as the clergyman's eye rested on the last word. "Write 'oblige thereby Archi- bald Helmstone,' and the jewels are mine and your life safe. Refuse, and your brains strew the road, as surely as you're a saint and I'm a sinner, parson." Archibald Helmstone folded the document cooly, wiped his glasses, removed them from his eyes, and spoke : "I refuse to sign." "Refuse ?" "Positively !" The highwayman laughed. He put one hand in his breast, drew forth the heavy pistol then in use, and brought it close against the old clergyman's forehead. "An argument, good sir," he said, flippantly. "Confute it if you can." The cold steel made Mr. Helmstone shudder, but he looked up unflinchingly. "The jewels belong to my wards, Estella and Aurelia Kent," he said. "I hold them in trust against their majority. Should I lose them 1 have no means to make them good. I will not rob two helpless orphans of their inheritance to save my life. What I have about me is my own. Take that and go, in Heaven's name ! Stain not your soul with blood." The robber uttered an oath. "Preach to yourself, parson," he cried. "Your name or your life ! I am not jesting. "Nor I," said the parson. There was something in the old head, with its silky, white hair falling low upon the shoul- ders ; in the soft, blue eyes and the smooth brow, in the mild mouth and placid double chin, that would have made a stranger fancy the old clergyman easily terrified, and still more easily persuaded to compliance. But, under all this softness, was strength and bravery in any just cause. When he said, "Nor I," a change came over his countenance, and the robber saw he had no coward to deal with. The knowledge enraged him. He seized the old man by the arm and held the pistol to his ear. "I give you until I count ten," he said, "to decide. Then I blow your stubborn brains out, or ride away with your signature. Remember, I am not afraid to keep my word. One— The clergyman stood still. "Two—" Not a word. "Three—" Then the robber heard: " Have mercy on my sinful soul and on this my murderer." "Four—" A tear stole down the parson's cheek. It was for the dear ones at home. It was hard to die away from them, very, very hard ; but if the highwayman drew inferences of cowardice from tins glittering drop, he was mistaken. "Five—six—seven. Parson, the time is al- most up," cried the robber. "Eight—ni—" The last number was never uttered. Before it passed his lips the desperado lay motionless upon the road ; a man's knee upon his breast, a man's hand at his throat, disarmed, senseless. A stranger had come to the clergyman's rescue. A stranger who, ten minutes before, had been slumbering as only an exhausted way- farer can slumber, amongst the bushes by the road-side. A man, tall, dark, and perhaps eight-and-twenty ; a man handsome enough to charm the proudest maiden in Christendom ; and yet in rags. Rags such as only fine clothes ever fall into. Rags to make the heart bleed. The clergyman looked at his preserver, and at the bleeding, senseless form of the highway- man. In those few moments he had prepared him- self for death, and here was life again. Ready as his soul had been he rejoiced in it, for he was not tired of life. Words of thankfulness struggled to his lips. As they were uttered the robber stirred and groaned. "He is not dead, thank heaven," said the clergyman. "No ; more pity for the world," said the young stranger. "I have disarmed him, and I fancy he will not be able to harm us for some time. Yet we had better hasten on ; comrades are seldom far distant from such rogues as these, and even now we are but two." As he spoke he offered his arm to the old man and they hurried on, leaving the highwayman struggling back to consciousness, with muttered oaths and execrations. One thing the old man noticed : strong as the arm had seemed when it overthrew his enemy, it was of almost skeleton thinness. The fingers were long and wiry, and cold as ice. The chest and shoulders sharply defined under the tattered garments. The more the parson looked at his companion the more certain he became of two things. First, that this man, by birth and breeding, was a gentleman.— Secondly, that he was starving. A starving gentleman, and one with no signs of dissipation or lawless habits on his coun- tenance to account for the fact ! It was a strange thing, which had never before come under the parson's observation. Most men would have said : "This man is bad. His crimes have brought him to poverty." The charitable soul of this old man gave birth to the thought: "He has been unfortunate, probably he is friendless. He has saved my life, and I, in return, will be his friend." Meanwhile they had reached their destina- tion ; the white walls of his pretty parsonage arose before him, with a twinkling light in the parlour window to tell that he was watched and waited for ; and he pointed it out to his com- panion. "Home at last," he said. "Mrs. Helmstone must see and thank you for herself. She will have suffered some anxiety on my account. Mr.—Mr.—I beg your pardon, I forgot your name." "I believe you have not heard it," replied the stranger ; "and you can judge for yourself whether this attire is one in which a gentleman would wish to meet a lady's eye. As I can be of no further service, good night, sir." He would have turned away as he spoke, but the parson caught his arm. "Stop," he said, "stop ; we cannot part this way. You have saved my life. You have done me what man always thinks the greatest service possible. I needed a friend, as I may need one again. Your hand aided me. I believe that you also stand in sore need of friendship. I offer it. A while ago I said God had sent this man to help me ; now I begin to think perhaps he has sent me to help you." The younger man looked at him. His lip quivered ; his breath came fast. "You judge from— from my dress that I am poor," he panted. "Yes." "You think— because I wear rags— from choice or caprice— that I am a beggar. Per- haps you would offer me bread, money, alms. It is natural ; but you insult a gentleman— you do, indeed. Good night." But more tightly than before the old parson clutched his arm. "Listen to me," he said ; "I am old enough to be your father, or your grandfather. I am a clergyman. You are wrong in showing such pride to me, whom you have just benefited. I make no mistake. I saw at once you were a gentleman, but I saw also that you had been unfortunate. My friend—my dear young friend, we are all human, with human woes and sins and wants upon us, and I of all men could not despise you because I see that you are starving, and too proud to own it, with an old man's home so near, and a welcome there for you." The young man struggled to release himself, tried to speak ; and even in the moonlight the parson could see his cheek flush. At last he gasped : "You are right. Let me go. I am starving, and I will die before I will eat the bread of charity. You insult me by offering it." And, bursting from him, he staggered a few steps, and fell upon his face, in the dust of the high- way, in a swoon. "Poor fellow, poor fellow," muttered the pastor, bending over him. "How dreadfully proud we poor worms are. There ; he can't run away just now, and I'll have him taken in at once. Bless me ! bless me ! what strange things happen when we least expect them." Then, hastening to the gate of his parson- age, he cried aloud : "Hulloa, John ! John Jacks, I say ! Come out here ! You are wanted, John !" At the cry the parsonage door burst open, and out into the road rushed, first, a stout, old lady, in curl papers, who flung her arms about the parson and kissed him ; secondly, a parlour maid with a candle ; and thirdly, the individual who answered to the name of John Jacks, and who, serving his master in a hundred capaci- ties, was called and believed himself to be the coachman. "My love !" cried the lady, "what I've suf- fered no mortal tongue can tell." "What has kept you, sir ?" cried the maid. John Jacks contented himself by walking up to Sukey and solemnly examining her injuries. "Thank you, my dear," said the curate. "No wonder you were alarmed. I've been in some little danger from, in fact, from highwaymen, and this gentleman— Don't be alarmed, my dear, he is not dead, only in a swoon. John Jacks, I shall need your help." And with this disjointed explanation, the old gentleman signed to his factotum to assist him in bearing the insensible man across the thresh- old. John Jacks stared a moment, collected his senses and his energies, and then muttering : "Don't need no help, sir," shouldered the senseless stranger as he might a baby, and, marching into the house, deposited him in what was known as the "spare bed-room" with all the tenderness of a woman. "Not much of a lift," he said, as he laid him down. "He's a long un, but he's a thin un." And then marched off with Sukey to the stable to prepare washes and mashes, without a question or a thought upon the events which had caused so much excitement in the usually quiet household. For this, however, Mrs. Helmstone made amends ; and, while applying necessary restora- tives, heard the whole story of the stranger's providential appearance upon the road, and of her husband's danger. It made her as tender to the senseless object of her care as though he had been her own son, and when, in the absence of the maid, the clergyman related the scene at the gate, her eyes and her heart overflowed. "We must be very good to him dear," she said. "Poor and proud ! Ah, me ! I pity such people more than I do beggars. And he saved your life ? Poor boy ! I wonder who he is, and whether he has a mother. He is a little— just a little like what I fancy our Archy would have been had he lived." She had hardly spoken the words when the lids which veiled the great dark eyes were lifted, and as if in a dream the young man spoke. "Mother," he said. "Mother, I've been away from you too long. When did you come, mother." And, stretching out his hand, he caught the matron's dimpled fingers and pressed them to his lips. At that her eyes fairly overflowed. "He thinks I am his mother," she said. "Poor fellow ! he really thinks I am his mother." Good Mrs. Helmstone nursed the stranger back to life more tenderly after this, perhaps, for she could but think that so her dead boy might have spoken had he lived to be a man ; and her efforts and those of the good clergy- man were rewarded by seeing strength and the hue of health return to the meagre form and worn face of their guest. Soon he was con- valescent, and then the matron and her spouse held a consultation on an important subject. It was in the clergyman's study, sitting in the two arm-chairs of green leather studded with brass nails, which stood on either side of the bright fire-place. Mrs. Helmstone began it. "He must have 'em," she said. "What, my dear ? who must have what ?" queried the parson, looking up from his volume. "That poor dear up stairs must have clothes." "Yes, Dorothea." And the curate plunged into his book again. "You speak as if it was an easy matter," said the lady. "Is it not, my dear ?" "It's the most difficult affair I ever had to manage. He's so frightfully proud." "So he is—so he is." "And a gentleman." "As you say —a gentleman." "Well, don't you see, Archibald, if you offer him a decent suit of clothes, he'll refuse 'em ; and he mustn't— he— such a handsome young gentleman— who has saved your life— he mustn't go from us looking like a beggar. I'm abso- lutely afraid of making him angry by doing him good— I who might almost be his grandmother. I say, Archy, love." "Yes, dear." "The only way will be to put the things where he will see them and destroy the old ones, and then he'll be obliged to wear 'em, eh ?" "Right, my dear." So Mrs. Helmstone had her way. One morning the stranger's disused rags were stolen away, and a suit, plain but somewhat costly, placed in their stead. Then both waited somewhat impatiently for sounds of their guest's awakening. They came at last ; first a hasty passing to and fro ; secondly a ringing of the bell, and the young stranger's voice in tones of the greatest agitation. In a moment or so a servant came hurrying to his master. "The sick gentleman, sir," she said, "wants you to come, sir. He's in the greatest way, sir." The curate looked at his wife. She nodded. "Go, my dear," she said. "Mind, don't let him have 'em back, on any account." "Rely on me for that, Dolly," said the par- son, and away he went up stairs to the room his guest occupied. Once within the chamber door, his courage failed him. The young man was pacing the floor in the most frightful agitation. His lip quivering, his cheek pale. As the parson entered he advanced and caught him by both shoulders. "The clothes !" he panted, "the old garments which I had here last night, where are they ? Speak ! where are they ?" "Gone—burnt or torn, I've no doubt," said Mr. Helmstone, calmly. "Gone ! burnt ! torn ! No, no ! They are safe somewhere— tell me they are safe !" The curate smiled benignly. "My dear young man," he said, "you are too proud ; indeed, your efforts to succour me, your struggle with that highwayman caused the garments to suffer so that they were unwear- able. This is a goodly suit, and as there is no help for it I advise the wearing thereof." "The clothes are gone then ?" "Quite," said Mr. Helmstone, blandly. "You have destroyed them ! you ! do you know that you have ruined me ! ruined me ! Do you know that. There— I mean no harm ; forgive me ; but you have made me a beggar." "Gracious goodness !" cried the curate ; "this is delirium." "It is not delirium," said the young man, more calmly. "It is not even the shame a gentleman must feel in accepting charity. I forget all in one great loss. Remember— try to remember— what has been done with those rags ? Oh, old man, for the sake of Heaven ! tell me they are safe ! You do not understand me ; they contain something of value—of im- mense value to me ?" The clergyman began to comprehend. "You don't want to put them on ?" he asked. "No—no." "You are deceiving me for the sake of the getting them ?" "No—as I live !" "Dress yourself then ; I'll search for them. But, forgive me— if unintentionally I have lost money." "Nay, no money— I understand you ; noth- ing could compensate me for the loss of the packet stitched into the bosom of that ragged coat—nothing." The clergyman heard, trembled, and trotted away. Fortunately good Mrs. Helmstone had not yet destroyed the garments ; and though refusing to bring them within the reach of her guest, she searched then thoroughly. All she discovered was a packet stitched into the bosom of the coat. This the parson took to the young stranger. "Is this," he began, but as he spoke the dark eyes of his guest flashed and he caught the packet from him. '"Safe ! safe !" he cried; "safe ! God bless you ! Safe !" and burst into tears. An hour after this he stood before the parson and his wife, dressed in the garments their kindness had bestowed upon him. "I am about to leave you," he said. "But believe me, I am not ungrateful. At present I will not tell you who I am, or whence I come. I will not even explain the circumstances which have brought me to the condition in which you have seen me. In all human probability the worst is over, and I shall soon be able to appear before you— to appear before the world as—" He paused, held out both his hands, and grasped those kindly extended to him. "Leave explanations for the future," he said "Enough for you that you have befriended a stranger. The stranger's thanks, the stranger's blessing be with you until we meet again." He stooped, as one might stoop before an empress, pressed his lips to the plump fingers of Mrs. Helmstone, looked, rather than uttered, an adieu, and was gone from beneath the kindly roof which had sheltered him for one short week. He came thither nameless ; he left it un- known. Who he was, what he was, still re- mained unsolved enigmas. But the good couple could think no ill of him, and felt as though in the few days just past they had found and lost a son. CHAPTER III. THE GRANGE. ON leaving the parsonage, the stranger turned his steps at once in the direction of Pulaski, and passing through it with many pauses and some wrong turnings, gained the opposite su- burbs, and came at last to a large building sur- rounded by gardens and fenced from the road by a low stone fence, at the gate of which were placed two elaborately carved lions. Over the left wing of the mansion an enormous creeper spread its glossy leaves, and on the right arose a double row of dark old poplars. It was a comfortable, well-to-do house, one evidently owned by people of wealth and consequence, and the stranger stood regarding it earnestly for many moments. As he looked, his expression grew absolutely joyous and triumphant. He smiled at first, muttered to himself, and at last laughed aloud. "Good morrow, Grantford Grange," he said with a low bow, as though the spirit of frolic was too strong to be subdued. "My mother painted you rightly. You are a noble old place —a place to be proud of—a place for a gentle- man to live and die in— the old house of a good old family." Truly, its worst enemy could not have ac- cused the Grange of being new. What with the rough hewn stone of which it was built, the ancient creeper on its wall, the venerable trees, and the prim walks of its large garden, where no modern and fantastic innovations had been made— some might have fancied it rather too solidly old-fashioned and sombre. Not so the new comer. It satisfied his eye and heart. He gazed at it with flushed cheek and smiling lip, and lingered long ere passing through the gateway, he followed the broad pathway to the principal door of the Grange. Here hung a great brazen knocker, at the sound of which, as the stranger lifted it, steps were heard within, and in a moment or so the door, opened by a man in a dress which, while not exactly a livery, betokened at once that he held a servant's position in the household. "Well, Mister, what may be your business ?" was the singular salutation of this domestic, as he held the door ajar, and the stranger replied with an amused lifting of the eyebrows : "My business at present is to ask a few ques- tions," he said with a laugh. "This is Grant- ford Grange, I believe." "Whoever told you that told no lie," said the man. "The deceased proprietor was Mr. Henry Grantford." "Yes, sir— that's as true as t'other." "I am an old friend of his, or, rather, the son of an old friend," said the stranger, look- ing down and trifling with his glove, "and be- ing in Pulaski, I naturally desired to see the place." The servant interrupted him. "Of course you did. Du tell. Friend of his, eh ? Walk in. I've lived in the family twenty years. Name of Jonathan Johns, sir. You've maybe heard tell of me. Come in and sit down." "Thank you," replied the stranger. "If it is convenient, I should like to visit the picture gallery, I have heard it spoken of so often. "It was the pride of master's heart," said Jonathan. "How he sot by his pictures, to be sure. This way, sir." He closed the outer door carefully, and led the way along the broad hall, and through a narrow corridor at the end to an immense double door lined with baize which opened noiselessly, and admitted them to a long room lighted by a skylight, on the walls of which hung no mean array of pictures ; some dim old masters, some glowing modern landscapes, a dozen German "interiors," and a number of portraits in the costumes of the past and pre- sent generations. Less attractive, perhaps to the ordinary stranger, the present visitor passed the other pictures and paused before these portraits, which he regarded with an earnest eye. "Family portraits ?" he said. "Yes, sir—kith and kin of master, all of 'em," said the servant. "That's his mother, the old lady was ninety when she died— but that's her as a girl, in low neck and curls. Purty, wasn't she, sir ?" "Very," replied the stranger. "Mr. Grant- ford died suddenly, did he not ?" "Awful sudden," replied Jonathan "A suddener thing couldn't be. Went out shoot- ing birds the pictur of health, and was fetched hum dead. Shot with his own gun, sir. They say it caught in the brambles and went off. He'd had a presentiment his end was near ; but la ! sir, when it came, or just before, he was laughing and talking, and never thought of it. This is master's sister Beatrice, sir. Ran away, they say, with a foreigner that her brother set his mind against her having ; but that was be- fore my time." The stranger gazed intently upon the picture Jonathan's lean finger pointed out. It was that of a blonde beauty, with long, fair hair, and blooming cheeks, and eyes of purest blue. Yet in the girlish face was so strange a like- ness to that of the young man who stood be- fore it, that Jonathan Johns observed it on the instant. "A friend of the family ?" he asked. "I should take you for a relation. You've got the reg'lar Grantford eyes. They were all of 'em light complected." But the visitor made no answer. Soon he passed to other faces, young and old ; bearded men and blooming girls, aged women and young infants ; no striking beauties, no re- markable works of art—until, in a little nook, a picture painted by some one worthy the title of artist flashed upon him. A wild, elfish face, shaded by a picturesque Scotch cap, beneath which clustered a mass of ebon curls. A little dimpled shoulder, emerg- ing from a velvet sleeve, a tiny hand grasping a bunch of wild flowers. It was a very fasci- nating picture, as the gentleman who looked upon it seemed to think. "This, I presume,'' he said, "is not a por- trait— at least a Grantford portrait." "Oh, yes it is, sir," said Jonathan. "That is about the most pertickler portrait here. That's poor master's only son, Master Otho. Poor Mr. Grantford had it done only two years ago." "His son !" exclaimed the gentleman ; "his son ! You are dreaming. He had no son. I am sure of that, for his wife died years ago." "There you're right," said Jonathan, "and yet again you're wrong. The first lady is dead. You may see her monnyment in the churchyard any day. But, you see, this is the second Mrs. Grantford's son." "He married again, then," muttered the stranger. "But surely the second wife is also dead, and the child also." "No, sir, said Jonathan. "Best o' my be- lief, neither on 'em. Why, you arn't sick, are you ?" For as he uttered the last words, the stranger sunk into a chair, pale to the very lips, and stared at him with terror in his eyes. "Hev a glass of water ?" asked Jonathan. "No, thank you. I am fatigued, that is all. I have been ill, and am not strong. So Mr. Grantford married again ?" "Yes, sir. It was the talk for miles around. She was a queer sort of lady. 'Tisn't for me to talk, though." "Yes— go on. I want to know all you can tell me." "Well, sir, she was beautiful, but just like a gipsy. Folks said she was one. She wasn't sixteen, and master, you know, was forty-five. Nobody knew who she was, nor who her folks were, nor where he met her. He brought her home one night and said to us : "This is your mistress, Mrs. Grantford." "Her name was a queer one— it was Hagar. Well, sir, a year after there was a baby here, and when it was christened there was a grand time. Such a party ! music and dancing, and speechifying. In the middle of it she went." "Who went— where ?" "Mrs. Grantford, sir— she took and ran away. She didn't leave a word behind her. I don't believe she so much as put on a bonnet. She just cut off in her party dress, and nobody has ever seen her since. Some say the gipsies were around a bit before, telling fortunes, and that she was coaxed back to her own people. She's gone, anyhow." "And the child— she took that with her ?" "No— there's the p'int. Onnatural as it seems, sir, she left it ; such a little critter, too. Master was distracted. He offered money enough to stock a farm for information, but it did no good. Master gave it up at last, and little Otho has never heard his mother spoken of. Hark ! d'ye hear, sir ? That's him. A splendid child ; but he's got a tearin' temper of his own. Now, du hear ?" Through the picture gallery, as Jonathan lifted a forefinger to enjoin silence, rang clear and shrill a child's young voice. "Let me go, Betsy ! I won't mind ! I'll do as I please. I will run in the grass without my shoes ! I'm Mr. Otho Grantford, and I'm to mind nobody." "He, he," laughed Jonathan ; "hear him. Sometimes it's that, and sometimes that he is a king. I don't know who put such things into his mind, without they're born there. He'll rule the roast, will Mr. Otho, when he's a man. I say, sir— I'll call him for you to see." "See him !" gasped the gentleman— "see that child ? No ! no— never ! I am ill— I— He is coming ! Show me the way out ! I do not wish to meet him. Quick ! before the boy comes." "Well, some folks don't like children," said Jonathan. "Could you find the way by the side-gate, d'ye think ?" "Yes, yes," gasped the stranger, scarcely able to speak. "Indeed, I am very ill ; I need the fresh air. Be quick !" Jonathan opened a French window, and in an instant the stranger darted through it, and disappeared amidst the shrubbery. "The queerest critter I ever did see !" mut- tered Jonathan. "Reckon he's cracked. He's too genteel looking to have took anything ; besides I've watched. There's no spoons around, and the pictures can't be carried off on the sly. Lor ! what a queer critter. But some folks is queer by natur', and it is a misfortune, not a fault." So saying, Jonathan shot the window, took the precaution of bolting it, gave a look around, felt in his pockets for purse and handkerchief, and left the gallery just as the little heir of the Grange reached its threshold. Chapter IV. WHAT HAPPENED AT THE CHURCH. The pastor of St. George's sat, with his wife, upon the porch of his pretty parsonage, late in the evening of this day, when an old man came hobbling up the path, and stood before him gasping for breath, and trembling with fatigue and agitation. It was the clerk, Hiram Hodges, a man of past eighty, who had held his office for more than thirty years, and clung to it still, though age and infirmity had brought him to the very verge of the grave, and nearly unfitted him for labour. He was, in truth, a spectacle most alarming as he stood panting, with his eyes starting from their sockets, his cheeks sucked in, and his lips quivering. One would have fancied that he must then and there give up the life which seemed to hang upon so slight a thread. The pastor and his wife were on their feet in an instant, the former ejaculating : "What now, Hiram ? Nothing the matter with the old wife, I hope." "Nothing, thank Heaven !" gasped the old man ; "nothing. But I've had a turn. A gentleman has poisoned himself in the vestry ! The doctor is there, and I've come for you. I'm to blame— I'm quite to blame for it's hap- pening there. I believe he is dead, sir. A suicide in St. George's vestry, sir." "Dead !" ejaculated the curate. "A gentle- man, you say ? Any one we know ? I hope not— I trust not ?" "A stranger, sir," replied the clerk— "a young man, and very handsome. He came to me about sunset, and asked to look at the marriage register, such and such a year. There was no reason why he should not do so ; and as the book was locked up in the vestry, I took him there, found it for him, and turned to the page. I was looking over his shoulder, and saw what he read, not once but a dozen times. It was the record of Mr. Grantford's odd second marriage. As I say, sir, he read it a dozen times. At last he turned to me. "Were you present when this marriage took place ?" he asked me, suddenly, pointing with his finger to the record. " 'Yes,' I told him. 'Yes, sir, I've been clerk for more than forty years. This is a matter of ten years back.' "He gave a heavy sigh. " 'Hager East,' he repeated. 'Hagar East, an odd name.' " 'An odd lady too, sir,' I answered. 'Per- haps you know how it ended ?' " 'I have heard,' he said. "Then, as if he was crazy, he looked at me and said : " 'It was all regular,' I suppose— 'all ac- cording to rule and order. She was his lawful wife, and the boy the next heir to the name and title of Grantford.' " 'Lord, sir,' says I, 'do you suppose that our Mr. Helmstone would marry anybody ir- regular ?' says I. 'Gracious goodness, sir. In St. George's too !' "He looked at me with eyes so bright that I felt frightened. " 'True,' said he, 'true. Of course I knew that.' And then hid his face between his hands. "Pretty soon he asked me if he could go over the church to examine it ; and I left him. I took my tea, sir, at home, and then went back, supposing, of course, that he'd be gone, and in- tending to lock up and come away. I took my youngest grandchild along for company, and he ran into the vestry and out again, calling : " 'A man asleep, grandad—a man asleep.' "I went in o' course, and first I did think the gentleman was asleep ; but when I came to speak to him he didn't answer, and when I touched him, he dropped off over the bench he was lying on like a log. Poisoned, the doctor says.' " "My hat, Dolly," cried the curate. "Per- haps he's not dead. Dolly, will you come with me ?" The old lady had tied her handkerchief over her cap already. "Yes," she said, I'll come, Archy." Then as she took her husband's arm, she put into words the thoughts which had flashed into both their minds at the sexton's first words. "Can it be he ?" "Our young friend ? Heaven forbid ?" said the curate— "Heaven forbid ! Dolly, how did you come to think of him !" "How ? I don't know," said his wife. "I trust it is not anything but a foolish fancy." And in silence the good old pair followed the clerk along the road to the threshold of St. George's. There Mrs. Helmstone paused. "If it should be— ? Oh, Archy, I can't go in." "You can. Courage ! We have no reason to suppose—" "No reason whatever," said the old lady, and they passed in together. There were lights in the vestry ; quite a little crowd gathered about the door. Another little crowd within about the figure prostrate on the floor. The good couple advanced. At first they could not catch a glimpse of the face, for the intervening heads bent above it ; but the next moment all respectfully made room for the pastor and his wife, and with horror- stricken hearts they saw in the apparent corpse the young unknown who had so deeply in- terested them. "It is he," gasped Mrs. Helmstone. "Oh, my poor boy ; my poor, poor boy !" The curate only asked : "Is he dead, Dr. Muir ?" "Not yet," replied the doctor. "Will he die ?" "It is impossible to tell. I fear so. He has taken laudanum." As he spoke he lifted a vial from the floor, and pointed to the label. "Laudanum— poison," upon it. "I have tried the best antidotes," said he. "Perhaps they will have a beneficial effect. Youth is on his side and a good constitution. It depends much on the quantity he may have taken. We shall know in a few hours. You seem to know this unhappy man, sir." "Know him ! he saved Archy's life, when he was attacked by a band of highwaymen," cried the old lady, "nearly at the expanse of his own life. Know him, poor boy !" "Softly, softly," said the clergyman. "Never exaggerate, Dolly. There was but one man. Yet he did me good service. I trust you can save him for a bettor end." "Lift him up, good friends," then said the pastor, mildly, and with a quiet trust in heaven's mercy in his kind, blue eyes. "Lift him up and bring him to my house. Mrs. Helmstone is the best nurse in the world, and if you should save him, doctor, she will make him strong again, if broths and jellies can do it." As though a father had spoken to his children, the little group began to make preparations for obeying his orders. And soon the inanimate body of the stranger was borne once more to the parsonage. There the doctor and Mrs. Helmstone busied themselves in the sick room, and the pastor went to his own room TO PRAY. TO PRAY ! It was all he could do. It was much ; for when a good man prays with a faith- ful heart, God listens. The curate felt that a suicide's soul could not be fit for heaven, and never had he been more earnest— never laid be- fore the Throne a more fervent petition. The night wore on, the moon illumined the diamond panes of the little study window. Soon the venerable head, with its few white tresses clustering like the tonsure of a priest about the bald crown and temples, seemed encircled by a halo as brightly fell the moon upon it. Still a the curate knelt and prayed. At dawn there came a a tapping at the door. He knew whose fingers touched the panels, and opened. There stood his old wife, worn by her vigil, but with a glad light in her eye. "He lives, Archibald," she said, "and is like to live." And then, as she might have done in the earliest days of their wedded life, she put both hands upon his shoulders, and lifted her lips to his. God be thanked, love never need grow old. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 