REVIEW. 1 (them the Standard.) The Comic Poems of Thomas Hood. Edited by Samuel Lucas, M.A. Moxon. 1867.- The Serious Poems of Thomas Hood. Edited by Samuel Lucas, M.A. .' Moxon. 1867. , " TOM HOOD," as he will ever be called, has so long since gained his true place high up among the poets of England, that there is no need for the critic to confirm his lofty position. Fame Mkc his is above, and independent of criticism. But the present charming edition of his works, on good paper, in good type, well edited, and complete as a collection of his poetry, demands and deserves more than a passing notice. With the arrangement of the two volumes, indeed, there is but one fault to he found, and that is that among the " Serious Poems " the editor should, at the close of the volume, have inserted several of Hood's lighter and quasi-comic trifles, which, if worth printing at all ought to have found a place in the companion volume. Such a laughing scrap as the following can scarcely be called serious-judging only by the first verse, which is followed by many others equally full of fun :- j "VAUXHALL" I " Come, come I am very Disposed to be merry, i . So they ! for a whorry I beckon and bawl 'The dry, not a damp night, \- ' And pleasure will tramp light ,. i To music and lamp-light At evening Vauxhall." The truth is that several such scraps as these, written, no doubt, in haste on the spur of the moment, have been raked out of the corners of some dead and buried magazines, where it would have been far wiser to let them remain. Full , many a flower is born to blush unseen, and what is scarcely better than a weed cannot possibly expect exceptional treatment. It is not wise to print every iota and scrap of verse that even a poet commits to paper or devotes to hasty publication, and the present editors (for Tom Hood the younger is associated with Mr. Lucas would have done well to bear this in mind. However the deed is done here scripta mane and no more need be said of this, their only mistake. The wit of Thomas Hood was the play of the purest and most delicate fancy, " the Ariel," says his son, " of a kindly and contented dis- position," a cheerful patience, which met the buffets of adversity and ill health with an un- daunted smile. No poet, perhaps, ever made so many thousands laugh at words penned in the midst of suffering and daily anxieties. " Here lies one who spat more blood and made more runs than any man living," was the epitaph he half-jestingly proposed for himself. But it is not to be wondered that such an invalid could supply mirth for the rest of the world while he himself was propped up with pillows on the bed of sickness, because Hood was not a mere jester whose stock in trade consisted in animal spirits. His wit was the fruit of a cheery and contented mind, endowed with the keenest perception of the ludicrous. This acute perception extends to the very innermost thoughts and ideas, as well as the mere outer jingle of words, rhymes, and letters, and what gives charm and life, and ever new grace to his fun is that it is free from the faintest touch of bitterness or ill-will. It could never give pain but to the noodle, the hypocrite, or the knave, who all deserve whatever pains befall them, and therefore it is always fresh and bright as when first it flashed upon the reader's eye. No modern humorous poetry contains such a vast constellation of puns as Hood's, and on that ground it has sometimes been found fault with but it must be remembered " there are pure and pure." There are parts which are mere bubbles on the current of a verse, mere singles of similar sounds, with little or no meaning or point, depend- ing, perhaps, on mere distortion of pronuncia- tion. But the true pun demands a play of sense, as well as sound, and to this class belong nearly . all Hood's. If it be said that some of them are far- fetched, startling, and therefore had, we must join issue. The more far- fetched and partly a true pun is, the better; quo jptjus so melts, A pun, says Charles Lamb (himself a prince of punters), is not bound by the laws which limit nicer wit. It is a pistol let off at the car; not a feather to tickle the intellect. It is an antic which does not stand upon manners, but comes bounding into the presence, and does not show the less comic for being dragged in sometimes by the head and shoulders. "What though it limp a little, or prove defective in one leg ? All the better. But if punning need a defence, no defence can it have half so good as the poet's own inimitable verses in Miss Kilmansegg ; though we can quote but a portion of them : "There's strength in double joints, no doubt, In double X ale, and Dublin stout, That the single sorts know nothing about And the fist is strongest when doubled, And double aquafortis, of course, 'And double soda-water, perforce, Are the strongest that ever bubbled " There's a twofold sweetness in double pipes ; And a double barrel and double stripes Give the sportsman a double pleasure; There's a double safety in double locks ; And double letters bring cash to the box ; And all the world knows that double knocks Are gentility's double measure. 41 There's double sweetness in double rhymes, ' And a double at whist and a double Times In profit are certainly double; By doubling the hare contrives to escape; And all seamen delight in a double Cape, And a double- reefed topsail in trouble. , " There's a double check at a double chin, And, of course, there's a double pleasure therein, If the parties were brought to telling ; And however our Denises take offence, at double meaning shows double sense, And if proverbs toll truth A double tooth Is wisdom's adopted dwelling." But, however clever Hood may be as a punster (and he seems to pun as easily as he breathed), he may take even higher rank as a true humourist. His humour is of the quietest, simplest kind ; often underlying as it were the surface of the words, and then suddenly sparkling up into the light, and catching the reader's; eye with irresistible point and good nature. What, in it's way, can be better than "FoMi'Ev's GHOST. " 'Twas twelve o'clock, not twelve at night, But twelve o'clock at noon, Because the sun was shining bright, And not the silver moon : A proper time for friends to call, Or Pots, or Penny Post ; When, you as Pt cobs sat at work, She saw her Pompey's ghost. " Now when a female has a call from people that are dead, Like Paris ladies, she receives Her visitors in bed ; But Pompey's spirit could not come * i Like spirits that are white, Because he was a Blackamoor, And wouldn't show at night. But of all unexpected things That happen to us here, The most unpleasant is a ricO In what is very dear. * for Photo BCreametl an awful scream, ' To prove the seaman's text, That after black appearances White 2 (adults will follow next " And soon for" a siring more verses, all equally good, and loving as naturally as water from a fountain. Here and there, as in our next quotation, he touches on deeper, graver topics ; but no offence is meant, and none ought to be taken, even when Pompey tells of his own death : " The doctor looked about my breast, And then about my back, j And then he shook his head and said Your case looks very black.' And first he sent. me hot cayenne, ' And then gamboge to swallow,- I But still my fever would not turn j To scarlet or to yellow ! j " With madder and with turmeric He made his next attack ; i But neither he nor all his drugs ! Could stop my dying black. j At last I got so sick of life, j And sick of being closed, j . On Monday morning I gave up ! My physio and the ghost ! , AlfiE Romo happy, happy day, in church I hoped to stand And like a muff of sable skin , Receive your lily hand ! i But sternly with that piebald match My Toto untimely clashes For now, like Pompe-doublo-i, | I'm sleeping in my ashes " And here again, amidst all the exuberant fun, there is a vein of quiet, kindly humour which gives grace and power to e every line, but from which the mere punster is separated by an impassable gulf, while the final stanza is still better :- | " Again farewell, my Phmbe, dear," , Once more A Inet adieu I , For I must make myself are scarce As swine ofBvblo hue From black to grey, from grey to naught The shape began to fade, And, like an egg, though not so white, The ghost was newly laid ! Then?, indeed, could have been written only by a poet. But there are times, with Hood, when the spirits of fun and drollery, of wit and humour, seem to crowd on him with such irresistible pressure that his verse fairly flows over with the flood of comic jollity, and runs riot with wild extravagance. Deafness and deaf people have been described and quizzed a thousand times in prose and verse, but where else shall we look for such a miracle of deafness as Dame Eleanor Spearing ? " She was deaf as a matter nuts, no doubt, Are deaf to the grub that's hollowing out As deaf, alas ! as the dead and forgotten (Gray has noticed the waste of breath, In addressing the ' dull, cold ear of death Or the folon's car that is stuffed with cotton, Or Charles the First in st Un quo Or the still-born figures of Madame Tussaud, With their eye of glass, and their hair of flax, That only stare whatever you . ax,' For their cars, you know, are nothing but way. She was deaf as the ducks that swam in the ponds, And wouldn't listen to Mrs. Bond, AB deaf as any Frenchman appears When he puts his shoulders into his ears ! And-whatever the citizen tells his son As deaf OB Gog and Magog at one ! Or, still to be a simile-Becker, As deaf OF dog's ears to Enfield's Speaker " " She was as deaf as any tradesman's dummy, Or as Pharaoh's mother's mother's mummy, I Whoso organs, for fear of modern sceptics, Wore plugged with gums and antiseptics. " She was deaf as a nail-that you cannot hammer A meaning into for all your clamour There never was such a dear old gammon ! So forward to worry Both Lindley and Murray By having no ear for music or grammar. 11 Deaf to Bounds, as a ship out of soundings, Deaf to verbs, and all their compounding, Adjective, noun, and adverb, and particle, Deaf to even the definite article No verbal message was worth a pin, Though you hired an earwig to carry it in " Into verses of this sort the bard seems to pour his entire strength, and no reader can peruse them without being touched by their intense power and vivacity. And it is this intensity of vigour which gives reality and life to much of Hood's writing, even on the most trifling subjects. He always seems to be in earnest, whether to make his readers split their sides in laughter, or to melt them to tears, At times he may put on a mock gravity of speech at the opening of one of his comic poems, or clothe the whole poem in a garb of antique spelling and old-fashioned rhyme, but the fun will peep out before he has written a dozen lines, or humour entirely pervade it, as in the following amusing little poem, in which he shows to fond parents the dangerous snares which beset Betsy and the children in St. James's Park in the olden time : "THE CARELESS NVIISB MAYD," I save a maid sit on a bank, Beguiled by women fair and fond ; And while his flattering vows She drank, Her nurelyngo ships within a pond ! "All even tide they talkie and kiss. For she was fayre and he was kind, The sunny went down before she went Another scene had left behind " With engine hands and frowning brows, That deemed her owns the machine's Binna, She plucked him out, but he was nowe PaSt being whipt for salvage in. "'She then beginning to wayle the lodge With strikes that echo answer do rounde O 1 foolish iMjd to be SO sadder The moment that her care was drowned " Nothing, in its way, can be better than this odd mixture of antique phraseology and modern form, of mock gravity and quiet humour. But, after all, his best poems are those which are most natural and he is free from artifice of every kind, and bound by no letters apparently of rhyme or spelling. And never is he more natural or more amusing than when he writes for the amusement of children, about childhood's joys, or sorrows. Some of these songs, such as " I remember, I remember," have a touching pathos about them which has never been excelled in modern poetry. Still, as a rule, he likes to make young people smile as they look back on the past, however gravely they look forward to the future. The following lines by a schoolboy are not so well known as they deserve; and we therefore print them entire : LINES BY A SCHOOLBOY. " When first I was a scholar, I went to Dr. Monk, And elephant-like I had, sir, a cure put in my trunk. The Rev, Dr. Monk, air, was very grave and prim, He stood full six foot high, hair, and we all looked up to him. " They didn't pinch and starve us, us here they do at York, For every boy was asked, Mr, to bring a knife and fork. And then I had a chum, too, to fog and all of that I made him sum up our some, too, and eat up all my fat. '. For goodness we had prizes, and birch for doing ill, But none of the bircbflhnt visits the bottom of Cornhill, " And we'd half a dozen ushers to teach Latin and Greek, And all we'd got in our heads, sir, was combed out once a week. " And then we had a shop, ton, for lollipops and squibs, Where I often had a lick, sir, at Bonaparty's ribs ! Oh ! if I was at Clapham, at my old school again, in the road I could fancy honey, and sugar in the cane." Yet, however admirable Hood may be as a comic poet, his reputation is now mainly based on his graver works and on this basis alone it will stand secure with posterity. His position as a wit is without a rival in his own class ; but as a master of delicate and tender. imagination and true pathos he will bear comparison with the poets of any age and Hay class. " Wit," says his son, " was the keen sickle with which he had to reap his? daily bread," and to this he devoted himself with untiring energy until its use became a habit, j But deep within him there lay a. treasury of ' grave, quiet, intense feeling ; a sympathy for all in suffering, and a keen appreciation of all that was beautiful and good; and out of this treasury he drew the serious poems, of which the world thought little at first, and which have now raised the writer to a place among the poets. . Hood had a genuine love for the old poets, and in his earlier poems their influence is easily traced, as may be seen in the following stanzas from his most imaginative poem, " The Mid- ' summer Fairies " :. " Then Saturn thus :-' Sweet is the merry lark, That carols in man's ear so clear and strong; And youth must love to listen in the dark That tuneful elegy of Torcna' wrong ; ( But I have heard that ancient strain too long, ? For sweet is sweet but when a little strange, And I grow weary for some newer song ; For wherefore had I wings unless to range Through all things mutable, from change to change ?' " But wouldst thou hear the melodies of Time, Sister, when sleepy and drowsy darkness Boil Over hushed cities, and the midnight of time Sounds from their hundred clocks, and deep bells toll Like a last knoll over the dead world's soul, Sailing, Time shall be final of all things, Whose late, last voice must elegise the whole,' O ! then, 1 clap aloft my brave broad wings, And make the wide air tremble while it rings !" This poem, as a whole, is little known, but out of Shakspere it would he difficult to find else- where so infinite a variety of true and graceful images, so rare a combination of tender, imagi- native thought with strength, keen insight into nature, and freedom from all mawkishness. No modern poem is more worthy of careful study, especially to our younger artists. Yet i t was never truly appreciated during his life- time, and will find but scanty acceptance even now in these rampant days of sensational novels and sensational poetry, but among the few of cultivated wise taste who relish what is truthful and pure as their choicest enjoyment. During Hood's life no one of his graver poems created a more profound impression than " The '' Haunted House," and perhaps for fierce, living power it is altogether unrivalled. It is like a series of pictures, all representing different aspects of the same one scene of wild and lonely desolation, without sameness, without iteration-the same one idea of mystery and lonely ruin is repeated until the reader is enwrapped in the strange, weird idea of a haunted house ; every one of the following verses is a complete picture : " No dog who at the threshold, great or small ; No pigeon on the roof-no household creature No cat demurely dozing on the wall Not one domestic feature. " No human figure stirred, to go or come ; No face looked out from shut or open casement ; No chimney smoked there was no sign of home From parapet to basement. " With shattered panes the grassy court was starred The time worn coping-stone had tumbled after! And thro' the ragged roof the sky shone, barred With naked beam and rafter. " O'er all these hung a shadow and a fear ; A Bent of of mystery the spirit daunted, And said, as plain at whisper in the ear, The place is haunted. " The flower grew wild and frankly as the weed, Horses with thistles struggled for capital, And vagrant plants of parasitic breed" Had overgrown the dial." Equally powerful, though in a totally different vein is his famous " Ode to Rae Wilson, which was read and enjoyed by thousands in his day, and will be read and enjoyed by other thousands when the name of Wilson is for- gotten ; as long, in fact, as the word Pharisee bears its present meaning, and self-righteousness exists for the poet's just and merciless satire. Never did a pet of Exeter Hall call down upon himself so admirable, so severe, so kindly a punishment and nowhere else in his poems does the poet show so keen a personal feeling. Rae Wilson had, it seems, drawn a picture of the poet, when away from England, as one of the godless scoffers and Hood having heard of this, outlines what he conceives the picture to be, and having proved his own place and position to be fair and true, he overwhelms his painter with a score of ready and caustic touches that admit of no reply. Here is his opening confession : "Well be the graceless lineaments confoBtl I do enjoy this bounteous, beauteous earth ; And dote upon sweet Within the limits of becoming mirth : ' Do solemn sanctimonious face I pull, Nor think I'm pious when I'm only bilious Mor study in my sanctum supercilious To frame a Sabbath bill or forgo a bull. I pray for grace repent each sinful act PeruBO, but underneath the rose, my Bible ; And love my neighbour far too well, in fact, To call and twixt him with a goodly tract That's turned by application to a libel. My heart ferments not with the bagot's leave. All creeds I view with toleration thorough, And have a horror of regarding Heaven As anybody's rotten borough. What else ? No part I take in party fray, With ropes. from Billingsgate slaag-whanging tartars, 1 fear no Pope-and not great Ernest play At Fox and Goose with Fox's Martyrs ! 1 own I laugh at o ver righteous men, 1 own I shake my sides at ranters. And treat sham Abram saints with wicked banters. 1 even own that there are times-but then It's when I've got my wine I say decanters " Such poetry as this is the more intolerably severe because the writer of it never loses his temper. His sword is of the keenest, but he never uses it cruelly, or without strong provocation, in his own defence. He had been assailed mercilessly, as a rebel and a jester. He proved, even to the blockheads who assailed him, that he was no mere joker, but a sound philosopher and a Christian, two titles to which they had no claim. The poem is continued with unabated vigour to the end, containing matchless specimens of grave and witty sarcasm, as well as gems of quiet, pure poesy, while it concludes with the well-known allegory of the "Two Donkeys," which alone would have made the fortune of any rhyming joker. We conclude our brief notice of this standard edition of a standard poet with one of the little sparkling verses with which Hood used to charm his friends, and which, in their way are perfect models of bright, sunshiny grace. It is but a trifle of three stanzas, addressed to his wife, and called BIRTHDAY VBKSES. " Good-morrow to the golden morning, Good-morrow to the world's delight I've come to bless thy life's beginning, Since it makes my own SO bright " " I have brought no roses, sweetest, I could find no flowers, dear It was when all sweets were over Thou were born to bless the year. But I've brought thee jewels, dearest, In thy bonny locks to shine ; And if love shows in their glances, They have learned that look of mine " Yet, though only a trifle, it has all the true sparkle and grace that belong only to the poet ; just as the tiny sparkle betrays the diamond of purest water. There is no need to commend such writing to public attention, because it has made, and will still make, its own way wher- ever true poetry is known and understood. But it is pleasant to be able to recommend so capital and so cheap an edition of a real poet. . 