CHURCHYAIRD BAd VERY. BY G.W.l1. In the evening of a beautiful summer's day, early in the month of June, Its-, three persons might have been observed seated in one of the apartments oft the Royal Oak, principal and only inn of a little village, plea santly situated on the banks of the picturesque Loch - - , about eight mnles above its junction with the Frith of Clyde, and which we shall here designate by the name of Ar dincruach. These young men had long been the near east and dearest of friends, had lived long together iu G- -, and attended the same classes at the University, during the session which bad closed t.ut a short time previous to their introduction to the reader. They were seemingly agreeably occupied, for on the table before them were crowded together curiously constructed goblets and glasses, antique looking wooden ladles, a couple of long-necked bottles, containing spirit, which, from its potency, had never been blasted into weakness by the evil eye of an exciseman. In short, the heterogenous mass of articles consisted of all that is gene rally denominated ai "t:ec materials" for the concoction of whi::e.-n:: .llh. In addition to theae, a case or two of cigars on the table, together with a large and ap parently long used meerschaurm in the hands of one of the t:arty, oaff .ded uncontrovertitble evidence that the three f:iends were not at all opposed to the consumption of the often, but we think unjustly calumniated "weed of Virginia." For some time the silence was unbroken; but at length the youngest of the party, whom we shall call Stafford, and whose fair curling hair and open countenance at once proclaimed his Saxon descent, after gazing ling upon the unruffled aspect of the Loch, spread like an extended mirror before his eyes, calm and placid as the repose of good men-started up, exclaim:rng, " This is indeed a place where one might live and die in peace, forgetting the tumults and anmbitions of a cold and selfish world, and in turn forgotten by all, save the chosen few in bhese memory a thought of the recluse would be preserved." "Why, Stafford," said one who was seated on his right, t.nd who, i;, appearance, pre sented a direct contrast to his triend, having dark eyes aud hair a swarthy complexion, and large whiskers, which, meeting tunder his chin, almost concealed his face, " Why, Stafford how romantic you have become. The next tidings we shall hear of you, I suppose, will be that you have taken up your abode in the tomb of Fingal, which we saw up in the glen of ass the other day; and with those three rude stones asyour dwellin?g, and the heather for your couch, will fancy you are rivalling in sanctity some famed hermit of the olden time." "No, no, Cameron," replied Stafford ; " I have no such thoughts as these; th e day for such romance is long past. Were a man, no -a-days, to isolate himself from his fellow men, and avoid the _ociety of his race, he would be looked upon either as a madman or a fool. Neverthelcss, I cannot help thinking that the inhabitants of such a sweet place as this must be happy." "'If they are so," exclaimed the only one or the three who had not yet spoken, and whose good hunioired face and sparkling eye, persuadel the observer that he, at least, had never felt the biting s:iag of miser, ' If they are so," said Hamilton," it can only be the happiness of ignoranc ; and yet I doubt very much if happiness be indeed compatibie wi:h ignorance, for ignorance is always accom panied by superstition-where there is super stition there must be fear-where there is fear there can be no happiness, ' for perfect love casteth out fear ;' therefore, where there is ignorance, happiness in truth must be far, far away." " Well done, Ilami;on," sail Cameron "I question if your namnesake, Sir William himself, could have furnished us with a better sample of the sorites. Bat seriously speak ing, I believe you are right, for the Scottish peasantry above all others, z re the most prone to entertain superstitious fears-witness their belief in second sight, with all its atten dant train of horrors; also their witches, warlocks, and the whole hobgoblia host. Nay, I have heard a friend of mine declare that be once tarri,ied the inhabitan!s of a Highland viiiaz out Uf their senses by walk ing down the ro.,al, p?st :th: churchyard, late in the evening, wrat in a whsite sheet, hol! ing an umbrella ,vr his hee.l, aal a cicriin his mouth, which latter, dubtless, the natives believed to be the blazing dery eye of the ghost they took him for." After this anecdote of Carueron's the con versation turned upon apparitions and ghosts, and finally upon practical jokes, of which they had either heard or had themselves been made the victi ns of. " The only thing of the kind," observed fiani!ton, "that ever happened to me, oc curred last summer, while staying down with Dr. Young, at Invercleuch, trying to per suade myself I was acquiring a knowledge of drugs and surgery. There were only two others at that tine residing with the Doctor Star'-e and Douglas-both very fond of what they ca'led fun. We were sitting round the study fire one chill evening in September, when the Doctor came in and asked which of us would oblige him by going up to the minister of the parfsh with some mixture or another, which it was necessary must go that night, and as Dick, his boy, or page, if you would rather call him so, bad not returned from Edinburgh, he had no one to send. I immediately offered to go, and wrapping my self up in my great coat, set off at a brisk pace, through a thict: misty night, to the mannse. To reach the house I had to go throelghi a long dark lane, that led closely ptst the churchyard wall, and as I never plu:ied myself upon my courage on such oc casions, I did not much like it; but as there was no help for it, on I went, and reached the manse in safety, delivered my parcel, and set off on my return home. Just as I had got to the middle of the lane, I thought I heard a prolonged ,nd h:ollow groan ; I paused and listened ; hearing nothii:g, I en deavoured to persuade myself that it was only fancy, and moved on again, when once more I heard it, louder than before ; instinc tively I took to my heels, but htd not run many yards when I fell headlong over some thing soft and yielding to the touch, which I felt-for the night was so dank I could not di- tinguish anything-to be a human body. I nave a shout of terror, and turning to the left, leaped the high wall farthest from the churchyard. Encountering on the other side some moving object I scarcely paused to dash it to the earth, and continuing the rapidity of my flight, never stopped till I found myself in safety by the study fire again. I was sur prised to find neither of my companions within, and instantly conjectured that some trick had been played upon me; my suspi cions were confirmed in a few minutes by the entrance of Douglas and Starke--one with his face drecadfitlly cut and bruised. The mystery was very soon solved. Starke had concealed hiumself behind the wall, and had given utterance to the groans which had so much alarmed use, while Douglass had lain down across the road for the pomposeot caus ing my overthrow. Starke being on the other esie of the wall, in my terror I had violently struck him to the ground, the marks of which rough handling he did not get rid o' for many days afterwards." " Well," ohs-rved Cameron, "I can for my part affirm, that never in all my life have I frlt the sensatoin of ftar for anithing superiatural, ws.re any being of that nature to appl,,ar to me, I thlink I should hIave suffi cient precence of rtin!l to r'ason with, and convince myself, that there was in reality no cause for alarm." "Oh you can't tell," re plied IHamiltnu, "till you have been tried ; it is a very essa thing t-, sit hIere and talk of it; but if we were at this instant, to be favoured with a vi-t from an inhabitant of another world, I'll be bound to say, you would not be less startled than the rest of us." "Stnrtlhd, I grant you," said Cameron, " I should be for the moment, but I would very soon recover my cal:nooss, and be able to carry on, with him or her, as the case might be, a long and animated eonversation." "'lhen," interrupted Staffordl, " since these are yor sepntimeuts, you eon have nio objec tion to pr;rform some daring feat or other, to ;prve to our satisfaction, that you really feel as you describe? " " Certainly not," replied Cameron; "what olighty enterprise do you wilh me to under take ? I don't mind what it is, provided i be within -the b-unds of possibility. "'Well," said Staford, " suppose you get thb key of thb church from the landlord here and set off by yourself, taking with von a hanmuiar and nails, a coul.le of w!.ich yor must promise to drive into the inside of the pulpit." " ,"e very thing," exclaimed Hamilton "'and as 'tLe withi:,g hour of night' draws near, the greater courage will be requisite for the task." " I agree to your proposal," rejoined Cameron, all I stipulate for i', th.t neither of you must Irave this apartment for at least halt an Lour after my depart.ire, at the con clusion of ahicht tim,'. it I have not Iade my appearance, you may conclude I have f. l!en foul of a whole troop ot hobgoblini, and come in ,earcth of me." With these words he summoned the lard lord of the house, and having obtain-d from him the key of the church, threw his cloak over his shoulders and departed. When he stepped into the open air, be was surprised at the change that had taken place in the weather. An hour or two before, the evening was beautiful and warm, scarce a clued could be seen in the sky, and all nature seem d to gire o?od promise of a " fair and bright to-morrow." But now the nig.-t was dark and misty, accompanied by a thick drizaling rain, that chilled and drenc'ed him; the wind which before had scarcely strength to 'stir the ringlet on a lady's cheek," now sighed and moaned through the waving branches of the fir trees, like the howling of unquiet spirits. As Cameron proceed-.l, the air seemled to grow more and more dense and stilling, until his very breath ing became paiaf.l to him ; but still he per severed. Then there flashed across his memory, stories-long forgotten, indeed, bat now vividly remembered, as if summoned Into life by the wave of an enchanter's wand stories of dreadful murder=, committed in dark and lonely lanes, unrevealed for long, but at last discovered through the agency of "'spectres grim, and melancholy ghosts," with pallid crhek and shadowy finger, point ing to the bloody hrlf-closed wounds; tales of sights and deeds of horror, which if he had thought of themorn amid the brilliant sun shine of the cheerful day, would have been entirely di-regarded, or perchance only raised a smile of pity for the credulity of supersti tious men; but recurring to him as they did, in the solemn silence of the midnight bour, and when he was bent upon an errand, as some would think, almnost of sacrilego, caused him to experience feelings of awe and almost of terror; but still he p"rsevered. Cameron was not truly a brave man; he was by no means a coward, in so far as hI. was possessed of much of what is called physical bravery ; but he was totally desti tute of that nobler description of courage, which is caused by a man's constantly bear ing in mind, that heo is cared for, and watched over by a higher power-that moral courage which takes its rise front a truthul reliance on the goodness of a superintending Prosi dence. lie wa-, i~n fact, very prone to believe in the supernatural ; his superstitious feel ings, despite his allegations to the contrary to his companions, were very easy excited, and to avoid this being suspected, he had re course to the method of affecting extreme hardihood, whenever such subjects were intro duced ; hence his present dilemma. He could not now recede, without exposing him self to the ridicule of his triend., and con fessing that he was, in tact, more supersti tious than even they themselves were, so still he persevered. He. had now reached the churchyardl, which tie traversael with a beating heart, and arrived at the door of the building itself. Here he pausel for a moment, hesitating whether he might not even then return, and state to his friends that he was unable to un lock the door, or that he had lost the key, or any similar excuse; but then again, the thought camne across his mind that they would not believe him, but say he had been too terrified to go on- with his enterpris9; so, mustering all his resolution, he unlocked tile door and entered the churc?h. All was dlark and silent; he advanced up the broad aisle leaning from tile door to the pulpit stairs, slowly, listening attentively to catch the slightest sound, but all was still, save .the moaninag of the wind and the beating of the rain against the windows. lHe ascended the pulpit stairs, opened the door, entered, and turning his face towards the reading desk, began to drive the nails into the front of the pulpit. lie seemed to feel every low vibrate through his frame till at length, driven almost to frenzy, by the dull beating sound of the hammer, ho re doabled the energy and rapiditj of his blows; and as the noise of ehch, swelled louder and louder, ald mingled with the howling of the wind and the bursting of the storm, hie could not refrain from shouting aloud, and after the nails were buried in the wood before him, continued for some moments to wield his bammer with undiminished vio lence. At length he paused fromexhaistion and found his task completed; he tried to stretch himnself backwards from his recurmbent pose tion, when to his disauay, hie foualn he could not raise himself to his full height, could not stir from the spot; the intensity of his fee 1 ings now amounted almost to ago sy. i' Was this, then, the atoning purnishacet for his hypocrisy, his wickedness 1" To be held for ever by supernatural agency in that position, or only ,to be released, perchance, by the sacrifice of life or limb. le attempted L with all his force to release himself, but without effect; a hand of iron seemed to confine him to the spot. lie called for as sistance, but there were none withinhear;ng, he entreated mercy, implored torgiveness, prayed, w.pt, but in vain, no answer was returned him; but, riuing above the fury of the sorm, he heard his own name shoutel in hoarse and unnatural accents; borne a'ong upon the howling of the sind, he heard that name: repeated in different and myriad tongues. In vain he struggled to give back shout for shout, not one word could he u:ter; and as he beard the voices approaching nearer and nearer, the struggle became too much for him to bear, and consciousness left him. When be recovered his recollection, he found himself in a comfortable and well lighted apartment in the Royal Odk, beside his bed were seated his two friends, "Staf. ford and Hamilton, who soon caommunicated to him how he had been released from his disagreeable ;situati3n. After Cameron had taken his departure fro:m the inn, his friends sat for some time talking of him, and of the object for which he had set out. But as the time passed away, and still there were no signs of his appearance, they began to be somewhat alarmed, and, accompanied by several of the people of the House, set forth in search of hi:n. When they ap proached the church, they called on him by name, hoping that by that time he would be on his return home; but when there was no reply, they each took different paths, fear ing that Cameron might have missed his way back, and all calling loudly upot him, met together at the church door; this they found open, and entering by the aid of the lights they carried, perceived the object of their search, in the pulpit, bending forwards, but pertect'y motionless; advan:ing quickly up the stairs, they perceived he had tainted. When they attempted to raise him, they found they were unable to move him from the spot, and on closely examining the niture of the obstacle that prevented his removal they saw that in the energy with which he had prosecuted his task, he had unconsciously nailed a portion of his cloak firmly to the wood, which being also tightly clasped round his neck, hindered him from leaving the pulpit; hence his terrors, hence his uncon sciousness. His friends quickly carried him to the inn, where, by proper applications, he very soon recovered, and even tried to smile at the visionary nature of his terrors ; but the eflort was too great, his nervous feelings had been too powerfully excited ; and it was many days before he could shake off the effect produced upon his spirits, by that one half hour spent in the church of Ardincrua ch. -Glas3gow University Album. 