G-OS-T-S; A belief in the supernatural; sort of dread pertaining to the things of the other world, the .reil of which it is impossible for mortal to penetrate, is as innate within tbe resources of our being as is the spirit within, which tells us of-tbe imperishable nature of our souls, and of their being destined for immortality. la Ireland, -that- land - of -superstitioo, the faith in communication from another world is strong. Not a castle or, hall, a lonely house, < field, lane, e'evalion or bog, is withont its tale j of horror connected with things of another < world. Stories of ghosts, banshees, snd fairy ' elfins holdings nightly revels arennd the mystic rin?, abound throughout the country. We have the authority of tho Lady Hester ; Stanhope for the following I Journeying through Ireland, and being enter- ! taincd at one of its castles, the attendant tradition- of- which -she - bad- been- informed . beforehand, for every old pile has one, she made the singular request of being allowed to pass the ntglu in that part of the house said to be visited by tbe apparition. Her request, , which was strongly urged, was reluctantly granted, and she was conducted to the dreaded- room, whieb she did not wish to test from idle curiosity, but to see if she could discover any troth in- the tradition.- -She states that in tbe night she was awakened by a presence, not of earth, in the room, and looking towards the window-seat saw plainly the figure of a woman draped in white, with long, flowing hair, seated thereon— it being, as represented, tbe spirit of j a former female servant of the establishment,-! who was murdered by the gardener, and. always I appeared in that place on .the anniversary of j the fatal deed. This is given to tbe world as fact by tbat highly gifted woman, whose mind j was above superstition, and who gives as her j theory, tbat the cause of supernatural ! appearances in Ireland more than m other 1 countries, is the strong, firm belief the people | have of sach things. Say, reader, as you j wixl,-that it is-born-of-ignorance ; jet-there it- is- Of course, among the numerous tales handed i down from generation to generation, half or I more are false — tbe effect of a disordered imagination heightened by fear, that master I passion, and fostered by credulity and a lore of I the marvellous, which pervades all alike. Bnt because they are half or more false, Is no reason I that all are. | Even in this age we have in a measurc'to : acknowledge tbe truth of warnings before deatbj the evidence of it being too plain to be dis-, ! puted. And another kind of manifestation, 1 which is called in the Bible " warned of God ; in a dream," is very plain also. The following lean vouch for as troth j — _ Mr. and Mr?." II., friends of mine, lost their little boy, an only child, and dear to them as their very existence. Tbe mother could not be reconciled, and would wander daily to his grave and weep till, followed by her husband purposely to bring ber back, for her health was fast fail ing under the influence of such painful sorrow. But he would stop, too, and together they would minsle their tears over the little grave. One night IL had a singular dream of seeing little Beonie, and thought be did not look happy. Of course it weigb'ed npon his mind. The next night the dream was repeated, with this difference — he said to him, " Bennie, are yon happy!" — " The answer was—" I should be, - if you and my mother did not grieve so." They took it as a reproof of their rebellion against tbe Divine will, and from that time strove to conquer their grief, resting in the blissful assurance of one day meeting little Bennie where there is a song and a harp for all. - A lady of my acquaintance suffered through the fear that her father's soul had not reached heaven ; for although a member of the Episcopal Church, yet he was in the habit of attending balls and parties in tbe capacity of ' violinist, which, as she was a strict Methodist, she was very much averse to. She monrned silently, praying with all tbe earnestness she was capa ble of, for some sign to set her heart at rest. One nigbi, after unusually earnest prayer, she was awakened by low, delightful music— at first, as_if"afar"off,bub"anbn co mlrig nearer an d nearer towards the room iu which she was ; plainly among the rest she conld distinguish her father's voice. It became gradoaliy less -distiootj-ufttil- itdied-away-iD-tbe-dtstaneewitlr soft, sweet strains like unto nothing of earth. She accepted this as a token of her father's bappioees, and ceased her mourning after receiving the beautiful visitation. Proposed Demonstration of tfte Fair Unrepresented. — Tho executive council of the National and Fashionable Association for the vindication of feminine rights to#the enlightened but. enslaved enchantresses of England— Greeting; — Ladies, Non- Electors ! —It has been asserted by timid men, both in place and out of place, that yon are not to be trusted with that sweet thing in politics— the suffrage ! Mark these words " not to be trusted," and inscribe them on your work-box cashions in pins with a peculiar point. The aspirations of beauty for electoral privileges are natnral and noble. Breathe soft, ye winds, and waft a righ from Lvdia .to tbe poll 1 Calumny whimpers that you are too accessible to flattery — that a_handsqme candidate, would _ceripinly_ be carried by a show of hands in primrose gloves (sixes) ; that a knowledge of fignres (not arithmetical) and a willingness to admire and praise them would supersede all other qualifications. Let sach discreditable views be at once dissolved, aud let Pall Mall have ocular demonstration of yoor Spartan severity and scorn. Avoid agitation as yon would a younger son. Exhibit no chignons, but lot your demeanour be distinguished by a lofty, dignified, and independent air. Listen not to sophists, who tell you that beanty was born to be honored and adored, nor weep if to secure a vote von lose a volar v. — Bv order of the cooncil, Portia Portico, present.— Punch. To Boys. — Some pursuits are more lucra tive, some more respectable, some more agree able, than others; farming is a hard but sore trade; a chimney-sweep Vis far better than none at all. No matter how rich his parents may be, a boy sboujd learn a trade ; no matter bow poor be may be a boy may learn some trade if liejvill. „__0.ur cities, are full to-day of young- (and. old)-men.. who - havo-been-clerksj- bcok-keepers, porters, kc.t Ac., yet cud find nothing to do, and are starving because their foolish parents did not give them trades. A trade is an estate, and almost always a produc tive one. 