THE PARIS rXUlltniONS OF 1851 AND 1877. I From the Times.) The following Memorandum explaining the differences between the Paris 1 1 portion of 1867 and the Paris Exhibition of 'a - ?' The Paris Lxhil union of 1867 differs in many important particulars in in all former 1 exhibitions, and Lnccmllv so as regards the charges pi feed upon fencing countries Here are so numerous and so heavy as to render am too panton with the Paris law hibitiwiof 1855 falls falls, if such comparisons do it only with the spaces occupied in the two cases The vessel t Exhibition is, indeed, more analogous to our 1 exhibition of ISO.', and may be regarded as a compete Exhibition made in a foreign country instead of At home for the women of the mere carcase of the main building provided by the 1 read It Government It is one more turn in equivalent for the expense which is entailed by the Exhibition being made in rHW instead of ml onion 'Tie Exhibition of 1862, which was conducted with the strictest seen on), averaged on!) 9d per foot, including every expense the British section of the late Exhibition of this year is one third the size of the 1 valuation of 1862, and estimated at the same rate "would cost £102,000 "If however, it be desired to make the comparison with the French Exhibition of 1851, and due allowance he made for the peculiar circumstances and charges alluded to, the following data will be of assistance In low, the space occupied by the United Kingdom and the colonies was STOOD square feet In 1867 it will be 300 600 square feet for 185 the sum voted by Parliament was £50.000, but of this or in £10 000 was spent, or something less than 4s 6d I or foot Supposing for the moment the urcunsliiiccs of this present exhibition to be similar, this would give upwards of £8,000 as its probable cost but to this announcer part of the following services would have to be added " In loy the Hon riiij- decorations, counters, blinds, watuclosclP and other nmiijjB, and nearly the whole Master cleaning, arranging, and watching were provided by the 1 French authorities In 136 7 via these, except the flowing and blinds in the line arts illusions, have to be provided by the reign nations ' In 1906" the cost of erecting the following works will have to be outraged by this country Several our pit mentary buildings in the Park-st, a boiler house and chin in v and buildings for agricultural and horticultural! in j lenient" for marine engines, Vc for munition s of war Vc and for heating and lighting Ihm will be a wharf to be constructed with a portion of the tunnel to it with a building near the bank The planting, and charge of its share of the ground in the rink will also fell on this country Sunday charges are placed on all other foreign countries In 1925 there was no Exhibition of Ancient 01 j s d Art, or a ' 1 of m inhibition In 1867 there u to be one, which entails grave responsibility) und hesTj expense " In ISjj the "W nr Department, the Admiralty, the Trinity) House, the Post Office, the Treasury in re- spect of public prisons,, and the Science and Art Department, were but slightly represented, if at all, but in lf\o7 they will all be fully represented "In 1851 the Exhibition was arranged into 10 classes which were scattered throughout the buildings In 1867 the 1 exhibition is subdivided into 95 chests, which are rigidly fixed in certain parts of the buildings, whereby much increased difficulty is entailed In 1855 the jurors and associates for the United Kingdom were 30 In 1867 there will be 85 Jurors besides a large number of associates and delegates In 1855 the British Executive caused 19 special reports to be prepared In 1807, 81 of such reports will have to be prepared, and it is most desirable they should be published as early as possible after the opening of the Exhibition, in order to be useful in it In 1851 the expenses of the transit of goods were defrayed by the French and British authorities con- jointly, but in 1867 re allowances are made in 1855 there was no Royal Commission to advise on the Exhibition and to give it importance, while for 1867 her Majesty the Queen has been advised to issue a Royal Commission, presided over by his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and composed of some of the most distinguished personages of the kingdom There is also a numerous body of Associate Com- missioner! 1 Making due allowance for such services as formed items also in the expenditure of 1 Soon, there would remain an estimated extra expenditure on the present Exhibition of £50,000 ' This sum added to the £80,000, obtained on a calculation from space alone, gives £130,000 as the probable cost of the Exhibition, or with an allow ance of one tenth for contingencies, of £149,000, while the sum arrived at by the best mode of comparison was £162 000 ' Nevertheless, it is hoped, that by the exercise a' close economy this sum might be reduced to £11G,G50, as shown by the following summary - Internal fittings . . £16,100 Supplementary buildings and park . 2sovs Ancient and modern art .... . . 11,050 Inhibitions by Government departments. 1490 Management "Watching, cleaning, So .. 1755 i House and office expenses of all kinds ... 17,190 Jurors, delegates and reporters. 12,000 Transport and return of objects. 8,250 ite) al Commission expenses .. 2 750 £110,050." TOMO StATVFB 01 ENGLISH KlSQS AT ROUEN. With the tomb statue of the Prince Henry Plantagenet (Henry-, the young king, son of Henry the second) at Rouen, was discovered the sarcophagus of John Duke of Bedford, brother of Henry the Fifth of acland Both discoveries seem to have been made without difficulty, and have peculiar interest as com Piecing the Series of noteworthy nets of the same sort Which were anticipated at Rouen, the first of which was made by M A Deville, when he disinterred the sepulchral statue of Richard the First, brother of henry The younger, this was in 1838. MM l'Abbe Crochet, Inspector of Historical Monuments (when small y have such on officer in this country -) academy, diocesan architect, and 1 Abbe Robert, soon, proceeded to search in a manner their know. edge directed, and, after a few hours labour, found, amongst a mass of rubbish beneath the floor of the »»««My of the cathedral, the statue of Prince Henry, which much resembles that of Richard, his brother IT! is of Henry 13 of older date, as he was interred in 1183, while the death of Richard did not 22A °m,ne?ora,cd the deposition of the hearts of tK-V"1 10n. view llsclf-"ther than that oli»,n\eCor^°' This heart, bequeathed by the of life oflo"to»°Tii, was placed originally "says vase, which was melted in 250, to aid in SS ,°,5t less from the Saracens The indeed a . PCR î' bUt much shrivelled, and Roien . T I '"n I' read' IS now in the museum at S? tk Queen Eleanor, Richard had three 51 The sister of Henry says "it, as Montfauooa S 0' Shue marble, but, like that of his couch 1 c,°!nposcd of the "'ss * Cretcil" It is 21st" of the statues of that epoch, and The head?¿TL} mutilated, indeed dismembered. left fair S iv,° land'' had disappeared, the the A*lLth0¿,on on which it rested' T defec T m onuL "vi"" "V Try interesting throat k 2 am A long? robe is stated about the end a of Swine cIrcular while. the loin-beltbenrsthe useless dR?? ltSiMh0l° length' a real íwaiíqu"»ft,i ahT,dc»fc> two seats, in the sceptre think . Th?' but in his left hand a "M tam W. rn0W esK" . Bn mothers of beau funeral^fe,^T,,*0 by it As to the death and Moved en V Pte the reader should consult Roger of the circumstance? " Strand picturesque account Uarbry' each attended those events deathbed and herb no means pious, his People of Lo at St idea" that the easily-moved "'ghosts Li 9' 'where the corpse rested for a ÖWnShedrS "i enough. "fused to let it quite Wil threats fronts appears usually buried it, as Second in" his ,NoLr,nan metropolis and Henry OoMtcthis CZVClkd the release of the remains Regent, John assent M found the tomb of the ""sum of mm Bedford, a sarcophagus, with the latter in his, he." the Eleventh refused to 4's the breed is' a list honour," said he to a lo breoffiI8menpe' "Shall it be to us, or (find the board Cremen and Pu" out of 8 MGM' of '"in, whom, in his lifetime, fM makVfl a so far' as till then Puusance UB after the a "JP b"kwards " " It is said that Clouds deuroTcÄT8 "Ther was 8 On- the ?««h.de«diwKT Regent's monument. The SS? exhumed, and it appeared that drop. of it, an, event in the Process his '"name P Th'hï mfaUcre still apparent about Model, accords , nee were crossed upon the 5 Europe a strong robe Usage of the Middle Ages en- 'ay 'rain of fishes stuffed Perfect presents 