BETRAYING THE POPE. During several weeks past it has been our duty to denounce and expose the pretended good faith of the Italian Government in its relations to the Pope. We said that its aspect of amity was deceitful, that its engagements were made in a dishonest spirit, and that it would seize the first possible occasion to wriggle out of a diffi culty which hypocrisy, necessity, and the duties incumbent upon an understanding with France have conspired to create. No writer in this journal has ever professed to be endowed with the gift of prophecy, but the manner in which certain conjectures on the Roman Question put forward in these columns have been verified by successive event is worthy, at least, of the credit which the process and fulfilment of political divination generally obtain. It was said that the Florence Cabinet bided its time, and waited with courageous impatience for the moment when it would suit its interests and intentions to make a clean breast of its dispositions towards the '*' ' ' ''' ' '—?????? ' ^^— ^SSSSSSaagggggggBt*' Roman Government.* It was further observer* that, by affecting an air of sincerity— that is W guarding the Papal frontier with one hand 'and fomenting sedition and turbulence inside it with the other, the policy for which Cavour laboured so severely would be carried out almost to the letter. It may have needed no ghost from the other world to tell us all this ; but it is some what singular that within the last week the Pore has used language identically the same in evei v respect. The Sovereign Pontiff has warned the soldiers who came to felicitate him on New Year's Day that the revolution now impending over Rome would assuredly be hazarded within from agencies without. By this time the Holy Father must have a profound knowledge of the bad designs of the Italian Government, the tena city with which it clings ta illusions, the terri' ? ble character of the instruments which it em ploys for working out its ends. 'And no one feels more assured than he that the plot which is to overturn the Papal throne will be sur rounded by every deceitful appearance calculated to confer upon it the cast and complexion of a legitimate and spontaneous revolt. There exists at Rome a seerat body known as the National Committee, which undertakes to eater for the political leanings of the citizens This organisation was founded as far back as 1842 ; and there is no denying that its activity and daring have been sources of constant trouble to the Pontifical authorities: The Committee § celebrated the departure of the French by issuing 1 a characteristic proclamation, in which, with no I ordinary astuteness, it indirectly arrogated to 1 itself an influence and an authority which, it is I notorious, it does not possess. The Romans 1 were warned that the hour of deliverance was I approaching, but that they were warned by 1 every consideration, human and divine, to do 1 nothing to accelerate its arrival. They were to I be persuaded by the wisdom of the poet, and I 'learn to labour and to wait.' This advice I which was not bad in its way, rememberino- the I community of vagabonds fro m which it emanated I sounded anything but pleasant in the ears of Baron Ricasoli. Regarding it as a demonstra tion somewhat at variance with his declared policy, and as broadly opposed to his predilec tions, he hit upon a counter-scheme, which to' say the least, does credit to his ignoble ingenuity ? A number of persons whose crimes, civil and5 political, have made Rome too hot to hold' them, are residing at present, at Bologna. In that city they constitue a faction of exclusives spending their days and nights in reading bad ' translations of the Times, and cursing the Pope I with all their hearts. Amongst this wretched I sect there is not to our knowledge one man Who I has distinguished himself by his talents or his ' I services to the State ; and the sect forms con- I sequently the very combination upon which the I Italian Prime Minister can reckon with confi. I denee. As a preliminary to a more important 'I step, wnich is not difficult to anticipate, he has I caused to be published in the semi-official Haiti I an address m which these illustrious refugees 1 demand that the rule of Rome shall cease to be ' I the worst in the world, that the foreign troops '? ' |j in the Papal pay shall be disbanded, that bl '''''. I prisoners in she custody of the Roman authori ties shall be liberated, and that they themselves ' shall be permitted to return to Rome as soon as it shall suit their Highnesses' pleasure to do so. The document closes with the expression of a regret that the Romans had not risen en masse upon the departure of the French, and expelled the Government by sheer force. 'Liberty' says the address, 'is to be won only by blood shed.' Now there is no getting rid of the fact that; ' the Roman emigrants at Bologna, the Roman I Committee in the Eternal City, and Baron E Ricasoli at Florence, are working with an af- I fected absence of unanimity for one and the same I purpose. The common object which harmonises 1 the operations of the three arms of the con- I spiracy is simply detestation of the Papacy, and I a diabolic anxiety for its subversion. We 1 pointed oet last week that before Victor Em- I manuel's Minister dared to advance in a direct 1 line towards Rome he would first endeavour to I manufacture a pretext for so doing. What 1 better pretext can he get than the existence of I an agitation based upon the tyranny of the I Romau Government, and the irrepressible dis- I content of the population. He is working hard I for this, and every Catholic observer must admit f that his design is ably seconded. The Times is [; in a position to state that there is an intention ; I of presenting to the Pope petitions, numerously ' [ signed by the Roman citizens, in which certain I political reforms of an extreme character are to \ be demanded. 'The object of this movement,' I adds our sagarious contemporary, 'would be to: I show that every possible conciliatory means was } resorted to before recourse was had to stronger ! measures.' We said the same thing in different \ words in our last issue. It is as clear as noon- [. day that the betrayal of the Pops has been de« \ cided upon. God help those upon whom the re- t, sponsibility of that betrayal rests. Victor !? Emmanuel is prepared to give the Vicar of [ Christ the kiss of Iseariot, and the Catholic . 1. world knows well who it is that has bribed him at with the thirty pieces of silver. 1 Let us at all events be of good heart. Politi- | cal fluctuations and political treacheries stem the I. common sense and blunt the delicacy ofmeii's | allegiance for a season to the eternal principles 1 of Truth and Right ; but in the proper time I they recover themselves like the eqilibrium of a 1 shaken balance. It hurt's one's dignity, as it E offends one's faith, to hear some Catholics con: ;: stantly asking, in fear and trepidation, what ? would become of the Church should Italy seize $ Rome and expel its legitimate ruler? In the |: minds of these waverers Catholicism consists of '{ a set of dogmas and a municipal administration. | But we beg to assure them that Catholicism is jj something higher and more indestructible. | Providence by a mysterious dispensation has E placed the seat of authority at Rome; and | though it be removed temporarily, we know r that its foundations are fixed as deeply as the I roots of the everlasting hills, and that neither I the fraud o£ priuces, the machinations of the devil, nor the hostility of the world at large, shall ever sow them with the salt of desolation. —l/niversal ftews. 