MISCELLANEOUS. EXTEHPOEE PBAYEB.-In. the journal of John Wesley, vol. 1, page 292, there is the following s-." A gentleman came to me full of good will to exhort mo not to use extem pore prayer, * which,' said he, ' is no prayer at all, and this I will prove to a demonstra tion ; for you cannot do two things at once, thinking how to pray and praying being two things. Egro, you cannot think and pray at once.' How I reply, may it, not be proved by tho self-same demonstration that praying by a form is no prayer ab all P-e.#., you cannot do two things at onco reading and praying being two tilings. Egro, you cannot both read and pray at once." " Didn't you tell me you could hold the plough P" said a farmer to an Irishman ho Jjad taken on trial. " Be asy, now," says Mike. " How could I hould it, and' two horses pullin' it away. Just stop the crav tures and I'll hould it for ye." A Gentleman, who went to take a lodging, asked the maid-servant, a remarkably hand some girl, whether she was to be let with tho lodgingP 8he answered, 'No, she was to be let alone» 5 . ' ' Here, you little rascal, give an account of yourself j where have you been 1' ' After the gals, father.' ' .Did you ever know me to do so when I was a boy P' 'No, sir; but mother did.' ' Aunty,' said a pensive urchin to his .in structress, 'what comes, o* V the auld moons P' ' Deed, laddie, I'm no very sure,' was the tardy reply; . they may be clip them doon and mak stars 0' them.' Speaking of the Fenian movement tho other day, a gentleman, in a tone of supreme contempt*' and with true Hibernian brogue, said that, though all the Fenians were turned into, pillars ef salt, there would be bavlay sufficient to season the porridge of the royal Irishmen.' A THEATBIOAL ANECDOTE. -Wall, the prompter, who was.useful on tho stage, hap. penea one evening to play the Duke in the tragedy of " Othello,". having previously given directions to a girl of all-work who attended on the wardrobe, to bring him a gill of the best whisky, Wot wishing to go out as the evening was wet, the girl employed a little boy, who happened to be standing about, to execute the commission and the. little fellow (no person being present to stop - him) without considering the impropriety or. such an act, coolly walked on the stage and delivered his message-the state of affairs at this ridiculous juncture being exactly as' follows:-Tho Senate was assembled, and the speaker was Brahantio-So did I yours 1 Good, your grace, pardon me 5 Neither my place, nor aught I heard of business, Hath raised me from my bod; nor doth the general qaro Take hold of me 5 for my particular grief Is of so floodgate and o'erbearing a naturo, That it cngluts and swallows other sor« rows, And is still itself." . Duke-Why, what's the matter P" Here the little boy walked on to the stage, with a pewter gill $toup, and thus delivered himself--" It's jist the whusky, Mr, Wall; and I could na get ony at fourpence, so yor awn the lanlord a penny} and he says it's time you was payin' what's doon i' the book," The roars of laughter which fol lowed are indescribable, and I dare say the scene will long remain stereotyped in the' recollection of all who witnessed it, FBUIT FLAVOURED AT WILL,-A gardener of Gaud has, after many trials, succeeded, writes Galignani, in giving any kind of fruit thj flavour he pleases while it is still on the tree, Let us take an apple for instance ; he pricks it rather deeply iu four or five places with a large needle, and then lets it dip for a while in a bowl containing a liquid possessing the flavor he wishes to communicate. After a few seconds this liquid will have penetrated into the pulp; and this operation being re peated two or three times, at intervals of eight or 10 days, the apple is left to ripen on the tree, and will subsequently be found to have acquired the taste either of strawberry, rasp berry,, cloves, &c;,, according to the liquid employed. HANDSOME WOMEN,-The older men grow the more apt they are to see beauty in a wo man's fiigure rather than in her face. Your youngster will bow down and worship before a pretty face mounted on a Jbroomstick or a pair of tongs, but so Will not your practised connoisseur of forty. Experience teaches us ?so thoroughly the value of health that its out ward manifestations become more and more valued as the eye is trained to detect them. Thus it often happens that a middle aged man will gaze with wonder at a skinny, dis peptic looking girl, perceiving that she is jusl what her mother was before her, and unable to comprehend how on earth it was that he himself was in love with that mother twenty years ago, He may be perhaps, more prosiao ; than of yore ? but depend upon ifc that he is more appreciative. His idea now would be a much more healthful and harmonious creature and probably a much better tempered-one than his ideal was then-which Is a very strong argument against early marriage, No doubt there are other things worth weighing in a wife besides mere physioal Health ; but. if for the sake of .prosperity alone, physical healthfulness goes a great way. Now, although health and beauty may be found disassociated their general tendancy is to. unite, to inter : mingle, and to attain to ideal perfection to gether. Sculptors and physiologists know this-sometimes through study and sometimes through the instinct of genius *, and the more cultivated the average raan or woman, the more clear and definite the impression in them which is intended to serve one of the most beautiful purposes of creation.-The Bound Talk, \ EXCITING MATCH. - A great trotting [ match occurred on Fashion Course, Long Island, on 21st June, between the HamMe tonian gelding Dexter in harness, and the stallion Ethan Allen and running mate, for 2,030 dols,; mile heats ? best thr^o in five. In tho first'Tieafc the half-mile post.was 'passed in .1 min. 4 see., the heat beitij? completed in 2 min. 15 sco., Dextor taking & tnin* ,16'.peo» The second Uoafc was douo uy Ethan, and mate in 2 xriin. lG ssc., Dektei iaking a second more. The. third neat was in favor of Ethan, who made the winning-' post in 2 min. 19 see., Dexter being about five lengths behind. Dexter is to be matched to trot in saddle against Ethan "running with, a mate. THE NEW AUSTRIAN BREECHLOADER. , I'he Austrian correspondent of the Times gives the following account of the new breech j loading rifle selected by the^ Austrian Govern ment. The arm is the invention of Mr Werndl, of Steyr. Of the better known systems, .it most resembles the "Peabody," It is remarknble for its simplicity and solidity. It may be said to consist of four pieces-the stock of beechwood, which reaches nearly up to the muzzel of the barrel, the barrel and backpeice of one piece of cast steel, the lock consisting of a wedge with a grove ; over whicli'the cartridge is slipppd into, the barrel and which opens and shuts between the barrel and the backpiece ; and, fourthly the trigger. The manipulation of the gun is easy; there are four motions in loading. After discharge, the thumb is pressed against the 'flat knob projecting on the left side of the gun, and the lock thrown oj>en. By the same motion the discharged cartridge^ is extracted i by a lever. Over a grove, which _ now ap pears in the wedge, a cartridge is slipped into the barrel by a second motion. By a .third motion the wedge is thrown back, and the breech locked, and the gun is then cocked. The gun may also be cocked by a first motion immediatly after discbarge. I&is; possible to fire 24 rounds in a minute, <*t \ 1,200 yards a bullet from the " Werndl" ^11 penetrate four inches of deal board, .' : V SPIRITUALISM.-The following appears in Berrow's Worcester Journal7r-"Ior some time past Mr. D. D. Home, the celebrated ' Spiritualist,' has been staying at Malvern, under the care of Dr. Cully. One day last week.Mr, Home suddenlydisappearedfrom the neighborhood, and the next we hear oi the gentleman, whose face had become quite familiar at Mavern. and was not known in Worcester, is of his beinga prisoner. A writ had been issued against him for obtaining a large sum of money by undue influence, and the legal men.concerned had thought it ad visable to have some declaration made whereby Mr.* Home could at once be arrested. Thus much we learn from ordinary sources. We complete the narrative 'from a letter of ex planation which Mr, Home has forwarded to us himself. Beginning at the period of that * stroke of luck' which the papers chronicled last year, Mr. Home says, on October 1,1866, he received abetter signed 1 Jane Lyon,'in which the writer requested to know on what terms she could beeome a member of a society of ladies and gentlemen who had clubbed together for the serious investigation of the so-called Spiritual phenomena. Without waiting for a reply she visited Mr, Home the next day and requested him to call upon her. He called accordingly, and Mrs. Lyon.pre sented him with £80 towards the expenses of the Society. Up to this timo she has not wit nessed any of the so-called phenomena, but stated that from early childhood she had seen most wonderful visions. On the Sunday fol lowing Mr, Home culled as am , and Mrs, Lyon declared that she had seen him in visions and wished to adopt him as her son. During . this interview, Mr;>IIome says, she saw some phenomena which convinced her, and she ex pressed herself more than ever desirous to adopt him as her son. On the 10th of October she wrote to him, and presented him with an entirely free gift of £24,000, which Bum was paid to Mr. Home the next day. After this he .went to Brighton and received letters as from a mother to her son. He then adopted her name in addition to h:s own, and became, .as most people know, Mr, Home-Lyon. The .winter passed, and Mr, Home was taken -?seriously ill. Advised to go to Malvern^he -placed himself under Dr. Gully, and during -his stay at the seat of the water-cure his 'mother'wrote to him kind and affectionate letters; yet, mear while (so it turns out), she was consulting lawyers as to the best means of . undoing what she had done. At this^ point -?<ihe~consults a supposed spiritual medium, a girl of 12 years of age, by whom she is told that Mr. IIome-Lyon -has a familiar spirit which has compelled her to adopt liimi The . advice of the medium is, that Mrs. Lyon shall *throw the whole thing into Chancery. Mr. Home returns to London at this juncture, and Is kindly received by his patron. On a second ??interview, however, she demands the return of all or part of the monejr she has given him, and tells him that all his friends are swindlers. .. This, of course (says Mr. Home), renders it it impossible for me to comply with hor re quest, as much for my friends' sake as for my own.' Within the shortest possible time she has him thrown into Whitecross-street Prison. He only remained there one nightt hovv ever, but the shock to his nervous system has been great, and he is now very ill. The case will, ere long, come before the Law Courts, and. will no doubt be a very remark able trial; it will be a fight between spiritual ists, and must elicit some extraordinary disclosures; for Mrs. Lyon adheres to belief in spiritualism, and does not charge Mr. Home with fraud, but vows that he has 4 a familiar .spirit.'" " Echoes from the Clubs" has the following in a late number" One of the gusty days of last week was the means of letting tne public into a new secret. The hat of a lady riding in Rotton-row being carried away by an insidious puff, a gorgeous chignon was seen to accompany it in its flight, the two -being inseparably linked together. The spectators nardly knew whether most to admire, the coolness which perpetrated this fraud on the public, or the composure with which the perpetrator rc-arranged the dis composed machinery." A Cincinnati photographer caused a slight sensation the other day by bolstering up a -corpse on a balcony on one of the principal streets, for the purpose of taking a post-mortem portrait. The police statistics of Paris show that in March of the current year 226 horses and 59 asses, in April 226 horsss and 29 asses, and in May 208 horses and 19 donkeys were killed for culinary purposes. It appears from a calculation in the New York limes that if the public debts of each of theindividualStatesheaddedtothatofthepublic Federal debt the total of the national obliga tions of tlio United States must be at least £660,000,000, Assuming, that the average . rate of interest necessary to enable this amount to be kept afloat will be 6 per cent., the annual burden will be the same as if the debt consisted of £1,320,000,000 Consols, According to the late American census .there aro 280,000 bachelors west of . tho Mississippi. A suicide, about which are some elements of romance, took_placo on July 4 at York. A young lady went in to the White Swan Hotel in that city, and asked for a glass of sherry and a biscuit. Into tho sherry she poured something from a phial, saying she had been ordered to take quinine, and soon after appeared to be ill. Medical, aid was obtained, but she sank and died, having been, as it was aftorwards found bv a post mortem, rjoisoned by laudanum. No satis factory oiuo to the lady's identity lias been discovered, but lettors and papers in her pockets lead to the supposition that she had been "jilted" by some military officer. At Ludgate-h|ll'railway station (in Lon don) two shoeblacks seat their patient in a comfortable arm-ohair, hand him the day's .newspaper, placo his feet upon two elovated blocks, and each devoting his energy to one boot, brushes away with a vigor that seems to imply that he means to " outshine" his companion. The chargo for all this, civility inoluded, is one penny. . A farmer in the province of Limburg has hit upon a curious way of. deriving profit from, horse-flesh. He keeps some 2000 fowls, which are the fattest in the country, owing to the way in which he feeds them, livery week he buys two or three dead horses, which he cuts up and bolls. The broth is given to his pigs, that seem to enjoy this novel soup very well, and thrive admir ably upon it. The meat that has been used for the broth is hashed^ and given to the fowls, and what - remains of the horses carcases is sold to the sugar- refiners, who convert it into lamp-black. The eggs of his fowls he sends to England, realising six centimes a piece for them, and the fowls go the same way when they have done laying eggs. The Queenstown police have made two important arrests, namely, General Halpin, who was to have led the Fenians that rose at Tallaglit, and to whose absence from that command they attribute their discomforture ; and Neil Breslin, who has been in custody, before under the Habeas Corpus Suspension Act. " They were captured on board an; out ward bound Amenean steamer, and were identified by Coi'ydon and Daveny, the ap provers. Halpin was included in the general 'indictment for high treason at the late I special commission as a co- conspirator along with Generals Fariola and Vifquain. The prisoners will be tried at the next commis sion. - TBANSPAEENOY OF REP-HOT IKON.-At the last sitting of the French Academy ot Sciences a paper was received from Father Seccni, of Home, on a highly curious and startling fact-the transparency of iron at a red heat. This property, says Galignani, hitherto unknown to men of soience, though it seems practical men have long cjeen aware of it, was illustrated in the following way : Father Secchi had ordered a strong iron tubo to be made, .. As .iti ;waa intended for an apparatus requiring a vacuum, it was essen tial that this tube should be perfectly air tight, and Father Secchi had t>ome doubts about its soundness in this respect. In order to set these at rest the tube was made red hot, and taken into a dark space, when Father Seochi clearly perceived through the iron, which was half a centimetre thick,' a crack insido the tube, and whioh did not reach to the outer surface. A SUDDEN STOP.-A soaffolding twenty feet high once gave way at- a house where two Paddies were working one day; one of whom by the scaffold-polt's held-safe and sound-while the other poor fellow was dashed to the ground, " By my conscience then, Pat, 'twas a long way . to drop ! Did your fall hurt you, honey P" said he at the ' top.1 fPat groaned out in answer, " The fall -it be cursed! 'Twas the stopping so sud denly hurt me the worst." The Queen has conferred the decoration of the " Albert Medal of Second Class" on James Hudson, an apprentice of the Maid of Orleans, of Ardrossan, and Theoph'ilus Jones, of Fal mouth. Hudson volunteered to swim off to a vessel in great. distress on shore on March 17th last, near Pendennis, Cornwall, and after three attempts, in the midst of the greatest dangers, and made fast a line-to the vessel, by which means a hawser was passed ashore and six of the crew saved. The master. and one of the men had previously died of. exhaustion. On his return, the running gear having fouled, he was compelled to pull himself hand over hanji along the hawser. Jones afterwards threjv himself into the sea, and after two or three unsuccessful attempts, was lifted on board by the waves and by the aid of a spar, when he succeeded in saying the remaining sailor. DREAMLAND. - The power which in our waking moments is employed in connecting the reports of various senses .by comparing them with one another, in examining the evidence of all the impressions made on the mind, and testing them by the analogy of its past experience, appears in sleep to be, in most cases, totally suspended. If, for instance,/an impression is made on any one of the senses, I the fancy immediately cpnheots it with some cause" which has produced the sensation before, or has I een considered likely to do so, This is the philosophy of the ghost which is said to attend pork suppers. The weight of un digested food in the stomach is really attri buted to some external cause; fancy combines all her ideas of the horrible, and represents a monster seased on opr chest, or ready to crush us with some great weight. That this want of co-operation in the faculties is the cause of some of the most curious phenomena of dreams is evident from many well-authen ticated facts. Dr. Beattie speaks of a man who could be made to dream anything by whispering in his ear. , Dr. Gregory relates of himself that, having once occasion to apply a hottle of hot water to his feet when he retired to bed, he dreamed that he was ascending the, side of Mount Etna, and that he found the heat of the gronnd almost insufferable. Persons who nave had a blister applied to their beads have been known to dream of being scalped by a party of North American Indians. f Such aTe some of the well-known phenomena of dreams, but there are others even yet more; startling. - CasseWs Family Paper. Archbishop Wheatly once puzzled a number of clever men in whose company t he was by asking them this question, " How is it that white sh^ep eat more than black!" Some were not aware of the curious fact: others eet to work and tried to give learned and long reasons; but all were anxious to know the real cause. After keeping them wondering fox some time he said, "The reason is because there are more of them.' When a young lady offers to hem a cambric handerchief for a rich bachelor she menns to sew in order that she may reap. How TO KNOW GOLD.-When a miner then finds a . piece of bright yellow metallic substance resembling gold in his opinion, let him lay. it upon a piece of iron or steel* the handle of his crowbar, or the face of his sledge for instance, and strike it a smart blow with a hammer. If it breaks to pieces it is not gold ; but if it flattens without breaking, it has stood the first test; it is malleable. Let him then apply the edge of his knife to the Bide of the metal, and iflie can. cut it as he can cut a piece off the rim of a silver. coin, but rather more easily, and the piece cut off does not crumble, it has stood the second test it is sectile. Let him then drop a small quantity of nitric acid upon the metal; if it is base, the surface will in a few seconds turn green, and small bubbles of gas will begin to rise through the liquid, but if it is real gold, the acid will have no more effect than so much water, and it has stood the third test,# and. its character may be considered as established. A banquet has been given to Mr. James A. Youl, at Galway, as a recognition of his success in having introduced the salmon into tho rivers of Tasmania, and to present him with an- address signed by tho high sheriff, ehief magistrates, and leading inha bitants. Why aro potatoes and corn like certain sinners of oldP - Because, having eyes, they see not, an^ having ears, they Sear not. " When art was still religion, with a simple reverent heart,. Lived and laboured Albert Durer, the.evan ' gelist of art j " Hence in silence and in sorrow, toiling stil] with busy hand, Like an emigrant he wandered, seeking for the better land: Emigravit is the inscription on the tomb stone where he lies, ' ' Dead he is not-but departed-for the artist never dies." Tennyson, the poet laureate,., has pur chased a small estate called Greenhill, near Blackdown-hill, Haslemero. A more roman tically lovely and retired spot can scarcely be conceived. * Here' he may eujoy that peaceful communing with nature which is congenial to the poet's soul. He intends to erect on the property a suitable house, so that, probably, he will beoome a permanent resident. " A FT ICE" MAN,--By profound research I have been able to involve a study of a nice man. In the first place, he must earn a super® fiuously large income, and never have anything to do beyond going about to. see things. He must be keen and strong and,, always suavely smiling; an eminent thinker, so that all his semale relatives may be dis tinguished bv being connected with him; but with all his faculties at leasure to turn over music, open doors, and decide questions of china and carved ivory, He must have a fine sense of the feminine beauty hidden in his own immediate circle, but must never have the most distant perception that any other woman isclecent-looking. Lastly, his internal organisation must be specially constructed wit h a view of his subsisting entirely on cakes and ices.-" Argosy" for June. GAMBIER EAST POUND. - Impounded - Bay Mare, stripe on face, off hind fetlock white, like M near shoulder, collar marked; bay entire colt; white face, about two years old, no brand visible; dark roan or black mare, white spot on near eye,-both hind fet locks white, shod all round, N (and like T and blotch brand under), near shoulder ; bay mare, MB (with 2 over,) near shoulder.-If not claimed will be sold on Friday, October 4, 1867.-JOHN BENNETT, Poundkeeper. Impounded-Eighteen ewe sheep, and four* teen lambs, the ewes lambs, bit out off the hind part of near ear, wether lambs, bit out in front of otf ear, the ewe sheep brand, like fire brand A near cheek, and like pitch brand R near, and some off ribs.-If not claimed will be sold October 12 1867, at noon.-JOHN BENNETT, Poundkeeper. WEST GAMBIER POUND-Impounded at the above Pound-one red and white bullock, branded like WS off rump, W off thigh. If not claimed will be sold September 27th. One dark chesnut mare like m near shoulder; one bay mare, small star on forehead, piece of rope on neck, like DHC conjoined off shoulder, like I near shoulder; it not claimed will be sold: October 16th.-John Porter, Pound keeper. GAMBIER WEST POUND.-Impounded - Brown mare, in hobbles, shod all round, star and snipe, white spot along back, branded like A near shoulder.-If not claimed will be sold October 7. - JOHN POBTEH, Pound keeper. GAMBIER WEST POUND. - Impounded I Dark brown, or black mare, white spot, on near eye, like N (and lite T and blotch brand under), near shoulder, both hind fetlocks white, shod all round. - JOHN BENNETT, Poundkeeper. 