A GHOST IN A LONDON SQTJABE.—Tho inhabitants of Woburn square, Bloomsbury, have been annoyed during the past week by large numbers of the ragged and noisy population of ST Giles in quest of a ghost, said to be a denizen of their enclosed square garden. So great and increasing has been the crowd for the last night or two that police have been told off for the special service of maintaining order and making the populace move on. .The excitement appears to date from last Saturday night, and various absurd rumours of skeletons, women in white, Sc., are rife, though it is by no means clear who was the first to detect this ghostly visitor, nor easy to find anyone who oan assert that he has seen any such appearance. After a visit to the spot, we can affirm that the whole evidence of anything out of the common is confined to the existence of a patch of light falling upon an arbour at' the north-east coraer of the enclosure, and which is - perfectly evident to anyone looking through the railings on the west side of the square near the spot. This light is, we believe, nothing more than that thrown by a gas lamp at the north end of the square, and which, passing through a gap in the shrubs, is cast in a somewhat remarkable manner upon the spot in question. If the light were temporarily extinguished, we think that both the ghost and the consequent excitement would subside simultaneously. A CLEBICAL SCANDAL.—There has been a great scandal at Winchester in consequence of the professional prudishness of the Rev. G. A. Seymour, of the Holy Trinity Church. One of Mr. Seymour's parishioners, being on hia death-bed, told Mr. Seymour that he had never been christened, whereupon Mr. Seymour proceeded to make immediate arrangements for christening him; but death would not wait, and before the ceremony could be performed the sick man died. The result was that in Mr. Snymour's bosom arose scruples as to whether the burial service could be read over the body of a dead man who had never been christened, and he appears to have arrived at the queer decision that it could, provided the body was not admitted within the church. But by the time the funeral arrived at tho gate of the cemetery in which it was to be interred, Mr. Suymour had reconsidered the matter, and would have nothing to do with it; and so the dead man in his coffin was left unburied. The next day, the Rev. Mr. Fuller, a Dissenting minister, consented to officiate, and Mr. Seymour's unchristened parishioner was buried, the Rev. Mr. Fuller improving the occasion by giving Mr. Seymour "a bit of his mind." THE PUNISHMENT 01? TREASON.—Until the year 1814, the law of this land was that every person convicted of treason should be huug, but not until he was dead; that he sliould be cut down alive, six turns of the rope beiug the usual period allowed; thaS his heart and bowels should be taken out and burnt before his face; that he should be beheaded and quartered, and his head and quarters exposed. The sentence now runs that the prisoner shall be hung till he is dead; that his head shall be stricken off and. his body quartered. The former was the sentence pronounced against Wallace, Sir Thomas More, Lord Essex, the Earl of Stafford, Lord Russel, Algernon Sidney and the rebels of 1715 and 1745. A curious adjunct of it was the dispensing power of the Crown. It was the practice in the case of prisoners of superior rank for the King to pa.rdon the criminal all the sentence except the beheading; and this practice is retained in modern days, it being usual to remit the quartering, though the beheading was retained in the case of Brandreth, the Luddite leader, and the Cato street conspirators.—London Dispatch. HOUSE DEC6EATIONS AT POMPEII.—In some things the walls of Pompeii read us lessons whioh we should be the better for taking to heart. The sight of any house which has been allowed to go out of repair in an English town is pitiable enough. The crumbling mortar defiles everything, and the walls exhibit wretched strips of paper with the colors faded and the patterns blotted out. After centuries have passed away on centuries, the walls of Pompeian houses are scarcely less firm and beautiful than when their owners lived and moved within them, unconscious of the mischief about to be done by the long, slumbering fires of Vesuvius. It will probably take many a year yet to convince Englishmen that the paperhanger is not the most fit person to make a home seemly or beautiful, or that a genuine artistic ornamentation of walls may be within the reach of other than the wealthiest classes. The Pom* peians generally, were not wealthy j and some examples of the purest taste are found in the houses of men whose means were manifestly not great. The beautiful effect produced by their treatment of wall surfaces is disputed by none; that we should still have but an imperfect knowledge of the means employed to obtain it is much to be regretted. The receipt for making the stucco used by the masons of Pompeii would be a boon to "thousands in this country, who long to escape from, the dominance of fashions which are none the less absurd because they are old.—^Chronicle. ME. BUCHANAN'S SUCCESSOR.—The polling for East Macquarie has resulted in favoc of Mr. Suttor by a sweeping majority. A SINGULAR TOAST.—The proprietor of a forge, not remarkable for correctness of language, but who by honest industry had realised a comfortable independence, being called upon at a social meeting for a toast, gate—" Success to forgery" 