1 A CHOLERA INCIDENT.' — On one of the streets running parallel with i Broadway lived a married couple .who had not I travelled together very smoothly since they ; had been made one flesh. The husband, J though not a bad man, occasionally took a 1 drop too much, and on such occasions happi- | uess was the exceptioa in the household. Tbe | wife bad a thousand dollars ia greenbacks, ! whioh she had sared and always carried with her, and being the master spirit of the firm, she would not allow it to be encroached npoa, but, on the routrary, endeavoured to aogment it. The wife took the cholera, and the husband obtaining a permit, had Her sent to the city hospital. It is not known that he accompanied her thither, altbough-ho must have visited her. One morning, the Durso being out of the room for some time, he returned to the bedside of the poor woman, aud discovered her, to all appearance dead. Tbe doctor waa notified, and made hit observation. No pulsation of the heart, no breathing, nothing to dissipate the illusion and assertion that tbe patient (ras dead was discovered, and the disciple of -Escnlapins pronounced her — dead. She waa forthwith disrobed, placed in the rough coffin furnithed by tlrc cits", ahdconveytd to t!ie" deadhotuo. For four hours she lay apparently a corpse, with all the surroundings of death. After the shadows of night had closed in, the' watchman look a look into the room to see that all was right. From the inside of one of the coffius a perceptible knocking was heard. Superstition seized him ; lie slammed the door after him, and went to notify other parties of the mysterious rapping, and several accom panied the man to the temporary receptacle of the dead. When the door was opened, a sight met the gazo of the party which made the roots of tbeir hair tingle, and caused them to feel a weakness about the knees. The " corpse" bad raised the lid of the coffin, and was sitting bold upright in it. " Where am I V' says she. The matter was explained to ber briefly. Filled with anger, illness having seemingly departed, she set loose the flood of her passion at the idea of being enclosed in such a contemptible receptacle. She had 1000 dollars when she went to tho hospital, she said, and she demanded to know where it bad gone ? that amount would hare giren her decent Bepulture. Dte attendants were unable to explain tbe whereabouts of tbe missing money, and the woman demanded to he re stored to herself once more, that she might pursue the thief who had robbed her, and -secure to her-body,-if-sbe-were to die, -decent- burial. The " resurrected'' one was helped out of her narrow prison house, and taken to a more genial chamber. But here another diffi culty arose- — her clothes hud been destroyed. Suitable apparel, however, was furnished, nod findiog herself once more of the flesh and blood, she insisted on starling at onco.in search of her husband, who, she thought — and perhaps correctly — was consoling himself with ber 1,000 dollars, and the idea that some other danghter of Eve would console ltia lonely hours. Tho surgeon, observing that madam was comparatively well, and thinking that it might do her more harm to retain her than jiennit her departure, had the iron gate open for her exit. Darkness-had set 'in ere she reached her husband's place of domicilia tion. She knocked at tiie door, aod her hus band opeucd it. With eyes feirly starting from .tbeir. sockets he gazed ; words failed, him ; he was paralysed with fear at the sup. posed apparition. .. At length the wife deman ded why he had robbed ber, insisting at the same time that she was not dead, as he no doubt hoped she was, and she had come home' — he would find it harder than that to get rid of ber. The husband was too astonished, horrified, to believe his eyes, and he begged the "ghost" to leave, sho. might have the money, but, for . God's sake, to go away and not destroy him. At this tho man, with fear and trembling, handed her the missing monoy, which «be toob.--Butr-aha was nat-toj bo driven away, aod with a push she opened /the door and entered the house. She had no sooner done so than her basband, minus coat aud hat rushed out at tho back door into the yard, and over the fence, and that ia the last that either his wife or his friends hero seen of him.- -i St. Laui Timer. 