PRESENTIMENTS. As the appearauce of the sun paints itself on the atmosphere before it rises, so the spirit of great events strides on before them, and to morrow walks in to-day. I have always had strange musings on what one reads about the death of the Fourth Henry. He felt the ghost of the dagger in his breast long before the mur- derer Haviallac armed himself with it. Rest fled from him, the thought seized on him in his Louvre, drove him into the open air; the coro nation feast of his consort sounded to him like a funeral ; he heard with boding ear the footsteps tbat sought him through the streets of Paris. " Does the inner boding voice say nothing to you?" asks the Countess. "Nothing," he re plies ; " be calm." And then the countess tells of another dream, in which she saw Wallen- stein going before her through a long passage and long never-ending halls, doors slamming all the time, till at length a cold hand touched her, and on looking to see whose it was, she found it was Wallenstein's, while over both a red cover seemed to be laid. " That is the red carpet of my room," says Walleustein, interrupting her. A little later and the doors are burst open by the murderers, and Wallenstein's body is carried across the stage wrapped in a red carpet. Here we hare the true law about presentiments laid down by a firm believer in them. Walleustein knew that neither he, nor any of his train, could be impartial at such a moment. Anything of the nature of a warning must be suspected as springing from native apprehension. Though he himself was calm at the thought of quitting the Imperial service and joining the Swedes, his followers were full ol the regrets and possibili ties which a man who has resolved on a great step generally dismisses as idle, but which his friends feel strongly for him, aud urge upon him. But the man himself may well feel nervous, and what is easier than to interpret his nervousness as a warning? Many of the presentiments we have in history are tainted by this blemish. In the history of Luther we hear of Melancthon being ill, and having a " presentiment " that he would die. Luther came and prayed at his bedside, and lie recovered. Evi dently in this case the presentiment was nothing but tbe natural fear of the sick man; but if this had not yielded to the stronger faith inspired by Luther's prayer, the presentiment would probably have come true. Again, when Luther lelt his wife on his last journey, she had a presentiment that he never would return. He never did return. Yet how can we tell that her presentiment was not a woman's natural un easiness at seeing her husband start on a journey, and was intepreted after his death into a pre sentiment ? Mozart's presentiment of his ap proaching death was of the same class as Melancthon's, only, from not being properly combated, it came true. He was convinced that some one had given him poison, and he said he had the taste of death on his tongue, and that he smelt the grave. There can be but little doubt that all this was occasioned by overwork and an intensely nervous temperament. As soon as the composer's work was taken away from him he began to get better, but he returned to work too soon, aud a relapse was the conseauence. Compare this with what seems the most genuine case of presentiment, an event occurring to Czar Paul four or five days before his assassination. He was riding, and he turned suddenly to his Grand Master of the Horse, saying, " I felt quite suffocated — I could not breathe — I felt as if I was goiug to did. "Won't they strangle me ?" The incident was related to the Russian general officer, in whose papers it is recorded the very same evening by the Grand Master himself. It was no doubt natural that a Czar should expect to be strangled, but why should he have had this feeling of suffocation, and why should it have come to him so few days before he was actually strangled ?— -Cornbill Magazine. An Old Tasmanian" Resident.—' We find the following in the Cornwall Chronicle of the 19th inst. : — " Mr James Herbert Beadon, of Badger Island, in the Straits, who had been suffering for a long period from cancer in the mouth, died on the 6th inst., and was buried on Gun Carriage Islaud. where his wife and some of his children had previously been interred. Mr Beadon was sixty- nine years of age, and forty of those he had spent in Tasmania or its dependencies, the islands in Bass's Straits. He married an aboriginal, by whom he leaves two sous and two daughters, now resident at Badger Island. Miss Lucy Beadon has been immortal ised by Bishop Nixon iu his attractive little work, " The Cruise of the Beacon," a narrative of one of his missionary trips to the islands in the Straits. He gives great credit to Miss Lucy Beadon, and alludes to her as the ' greatest lady ' it has ever been his good fortune to en counter. ' Lucy Beadon (he says), a noble looking half-caste of some twenty-five years of age, bears the burdeu of twenty-three stone. Good-humored and kiud-hearted, she is every one's friend upon the island. High-minded and earnest in her Christian profession, she has set herself to work to do good in her generation. From the pure love of those around her, she daily gathers together the children of the sealers, and does her best to impart to them the rudi ments both of secular and religious kuowledge.' Such was tlie estimation in which the good bishop held Miss Beadon. Her father was connected with a highly respectable family of the name of Herbert ; indeed, it is said that was his real name — and he was in receipt for many years of a handsome allowance, transmitted through the hands of the late Mr John Cameron." A Mysterious Case. — A coroner's inquest was held, last Friday, by Captain Carey at Evan's Hotel, Woolshed, near Reecli worth, on the body of Mary Gillm n, who was supposed to have been poisoned by a Chinaman named All Woo. From the evidence given it appeared that, on Monday last, the husband of the deceased had gone away to work at Keid's Creek, leaving his wife and children at home. In the afternoon a Mrs Duckett, a neigh bor, called at the hut, aud the deceased asked the Chinaman, Ah Woo, who had known in husband for some years, to get her some bottled porter. He did so, and the two women after driuking the first bottle also finished the second, Ah Woo ouly taking a third of a glass. Iu a short time Mrs Gill man and Mrs Duckett fell in a kind of stupor ; similar to what is produced by drugged drink. Mrs Duckett, however, managed to get back to her own house, and after takiug an emetic, administered by lier husband, slowly recovered. In the meantime, Mrs Gillman became worse, aud the Chinaman carried her into her own bedroom, placing her on the floor with a pillow under her head. A little girl, the daughter of the deceased, deposed that her mother asked the Chinaman not to take her in, and also that he remained in the room alone ten minutes with her. Shortly afterwards she died. Unfor tunately tbe Beechworth coroner, Mr Gaunt, and the deputy-coroner, Dr Dempster, were both absent in Melbourne. Captain CarejT, tbe Chiltern coroner, was at Rutherglen, and Mr Langley, the superintendent of police, was at Wodonga. No post mortem examination, therefore, was made until the Tuesday evening, when the body bad already beenn to show signs of decomposition. The evidence of Dr Fox, however, was in favor of the prisoner, as it appeared that both the liver and the heart were affected, as the former was thin and dark in color, and the latter had suffered fatty degeneration. It appeared probable that in the extremely warm weather and the state of health in which the de ceased was, the drink of itself might have killed her especially as it appeared in evidence that she had previously taken braudy the same morning. The prisoner, Ah Woo, has always borne an excel- lent character as an honest, hard workmg gardener, the husband of the deceased had full confidence in bim.— Constitution, January 21. Shipment of Wheat. — We (South Australian Register) direct the earnest attention of our country readers to the suggestions which are published below. They . are, entirely iii accordance with what we- have said on, several occasions during the last two months about the necessity of shipping wheat to the English mar ket ; and we are now more than ever convinced that without such shipments there will be a great danger from surplus breadsLuffs in these colonies. To sell, and to sell at once, is the point for the farmer to attend to. He should get rid of at least a large part of his wheat for any price above 4s a bushel. All such questions as those relat ing to the cost of shipment aud the fluctuations of the English market are for the merchant. Tbe duty of the producer is to sell as soon as the price pays him. At the preseut moment that price cau be obtained, and the probability is that it will improve iu a mouth or two if a large part, of the harvest be at once disposed of. Withi tit this there is no chance of higher rates ; ou ine con trary, the price is sure to fall, and then the farmers will be in a ten times worse position than they were lastyear. Subjoined is the letter on this subject which we have referred to. It is from one who is a farmer himself, and who has given much attention to this suqject : — " Fellow Farmers,: — Allow me to say a few words directly to you. I am urged to this from a deep sense of the emergency of the present moment. With you rest the weal or the woe, the prosper ity or the adversity of the colony. If you are willing to send a good portiou of your surplus wheat immeiiately away to England, either by selling to the merchant or by shipping your selves, you uill bless your country and best pro mote your own well-being. Tlie present moment is the golden opportuuiijr. Large orders from England may now be executed if you will allow than ; and that, too, at prices which, in the face of the excepted abundant crops, we a few months ago had no reasonable hope of obtaining- You may sell your wheat iu large quantities at the Port at 4s, or perhaps a lit tie more, for the English market. Will you do it? Your own interests demand it — the prosperity of the whole, colony imperatively demands it. Refuse to do it, and you destroy your own prosperity; refuse to do it, and you cripple every interest of the colony. Do it, and your country will bless you. Stand back, withhold your wheat, and the people will most justly condemn you. God has graciously giveu us the most bountiful har- vest, and by his good .providence this ha3 to a great extent been safely gathered. Let us show that we are wise to turn these good things to the best accouut. But let all remember that now, the present moment, is the time when the thing must be done. . The wheat we send to the English market should be away,: if possible, by the end ol February ; therefore not a day is to be lost. I therefore entreat my fellow-farmers to study their own interests and the prosperity of the colony ac large by coming forward with liberal supplies, that those who have instructions (which exist to a large extent) may be able to buy and ship to England. Let this time pass away— and it will . iu a short time — and then what will you do with your wheat? Who will buy it? Where will be your market? What will you get for your wheat ? Perhaps 2s 6d per bushel ; and if so, where will the farmer be, and where will the tradesman be, and where will the merchant be, and where will be the whole colony ? If aay of you prefer and cau do it, ship on your own account, which I intend to do ; but by all means, in one way or the other, let the wheat go away. I do hope you, my fellow-farmers, will believe in the sincerity which prompts this appeal. My former letters testify as to the importance I attach to this question, and I feel that iu them, and especially iu this, I am discharging a conscientious duty, and I hope you will believe me. My earnest desire is that the farmers of South Australia may be wise to their own interests, which are at the same time the interests of the colony at large, and that the present opportunity, given them by a kind Providence, of lifting up the colony out of its great depression, may not be allowed to pass awar unimproved, but that the farmers, by selling or themselves sending away a good portion of their surplus, may gain the grateful commendation of their fellow-colonists. Farmers, remember, now is the time. The thing must be doue at ouce. With you I now leave this most vital question. It is for you to cheer or darken the path of South Australia. I am, yours, etc., David Randall. Glen Para, 17th January, 1867. P.S.— I have good reason to believe that at least 20.000 bushels, and pro bably very much more, of wheat may be at once shipped to Euglish orders at from 4s to 4s 3d per bushel, but not at highe#rates." Funeral of the Constables Murdered at jln den. — The bodies of the murdered men — which tbe Government, on hearing of their horrible fate, had very promptly ordered to be brought down from where they bad been interred near the scene of the murder — ari-iverl in town on Wprlntw.lau- evening, and were taken to the Court-house, where they remained all night. At half-past ten on Thursday morning the bell of St. Bede's tolled the populace to the sad duty of accompanying them to their last resting place in the Catholic cemetery. A little after eleven o'clock, the corpses were brought out of the Court-house yard in two carts, and the procession was formed. The police marched next to the corpses, about one hundred and fifty of the inhabitants of the town following. It was ex pected that the funeral would have taken place on Wednesday, wheu the attendance would have beeu very large. It was a sad sight, and one which will not be easily forgotten by any of those present, to see the four coffins lowered side by side into the four graves prepared for them. In consequence of the absence of both the Catholic clergymen, the fuueral service was read by Mr D. E. Finuigan, the teacher of St. Bede's school, assisted by Mr A. Yider. We have previously stated that Phegau was a married niau, but we have since learned that he is a widower, and has a daughter about teu years old living in Tasmania at a place called Ross, where his deceased wife was verv respectably con- nected. — Herald. 