EMU CREEK DIGGINGS. [FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.] EMU CREEK, 26TH JANUARY. FREE SELECTION and gold-mining have at last been brought into antagonism. The case is simply this : The Government did not proclaim the Emu Creek to be a gold-field before the beginning of the present year. Prior to the proclamation, Mr. William Red- man, an attorney of the Supreme Court, and formerly a number of the Legislative Assembly, free selected a hundred acres of land, within the boundaries of the gold-field. The spot he pitched upon was one known to be auriferous, for two of the reefs on it had been opened and worked, and several holes had been sunk on the alluvial land, which formed a portion of what is known as the One-mile Rush, and had bottomed on gold. Besides this,other reefs have since been traced on the land. Mr. Redman, having made his conditional purchase, paid his deposit, and, I presume, got his permission to occupy, came down and told the diggers what he had done, laid claim to the reefs and alluvial sinking, and informed the miners that the land was now his, and that he intended to treat them as tenants, and demanded a share of the gold raised by them. Of course this caused a ferment throughout the whole diggings, for Mr. Redman had opened up a subject that not only interested the fifty or sixty men whose claims were on the selected land, but in its future application was of tho highest importance to the mining community. To allay this, Mr. Redman called a publicmeeting of miners for the purpose o discussing tho whole question, but you, who know a well as I do this gent' talking power, can fancy what a very small chanceof discussion there would be when he got the first innings. And so, he having the first say, he kept it till it was time to go home and go to bed, leaving no one else any chance to answer him. His speech had really very little to do with the sub- ject they had met to discuss, for the bulk of it con- sisted of a history of his career in Parliament, and a narrative of his adventures on the several gold-fields he has visited in his character, now of attorney, now of gold-fields speculator, he did, however, quote the 13th section of the Lands Alienation Act, and argue in favour of his right to select land which at the time of selection was not in a proclaimed gold-field, though it might be in a defacto and discovered gold-field. I took no notice of all this, because I had reason to believe that Mr. Redman was not really honest in the purpose that he put forward. I was deceived, how- ever, thus far, that whereas I thought it was all a piece of bounce on his part, and that he had taken this course only to add to the notoriety he has already obtained ; I find that he really intends to stick to his selection, and to bring to bear all the engines of law- in order to attain his end. But I was right in coming to the conclusion that he was not honest in the professions he made to the diggers, and that he did not give the true reasons for the course he was taking, He told the miners, at the offset, that he had selected the land in their interest, that he had long perceived this weak point in the Land laws, and that he now mooted it in order that it might be amended, and that the miners might not be made to suffer in other and more important cases. It would have been all very well if that had been his real object, or even if he had consistently stuck to it as his ostensible pur- pose ; unfortunately, however, I heard him tell a very different tale only a few short hours afterwards to a small knot of squatters who had gathered. These innocent Corydons of the Western district stood round him open-mouthed, swallowing the words that carne so sweetly to their ears, as he told them that he was determined to try the question of the right of these miners to wander where they would over the face of this fair country, making a waste of the richest spots, and converting valuable pastures into a desert. Well, perhaps I should have thought none the less of him if that had been his object, and that he had fairly pitted the agricul- turist against the miner ; but, alas ! I could not fix him to that. A change again seemed to come over the spirit of his errant ideas, and, a few days after his stern denunciation of the diggers I heard him assure a party of officials that his real object in taking up this Kind was to make it a private gold-field, to work it , upon a system of his own, and to show the Govern- | ment, by the way in which he proceeded, how a gold- field was and ought to be worked. Even now I might have pinned my faith to him, if that had been his real object, even though it upset the two previous statements that had been made : but he did not stand to this, for he afterwards came out with what after all I believe to be the real object he has had in view from the first : " The right was mine," he said, " as it was yours or anybody else's, and I have exercised it. I've got the land, and I mean to stick to it, and to make the most I can out of it ! " Of the four objects I have heard him propound, and I don't know how many others he may have stated out of my hearing, I certainly think the last to be the one the most likely to be kept in view. You will see, however, from this that I was justified in entertaining doubts as to this gent's honesty ot purpose, and, having those doubts, I had no desire whatever to add to that gent's already large stock of vanity by assisting to place him, in the prominent position which he evidently desired to occupy. On this account I was silent, although the great guns of the local, Press opened a fierce cannonade upon him, the miners were savage, and the ancient demagogues of the Flat were dancing fierce defiance at him. Nor do I take the matter up now to argue the question either pro or con, but simply as a subject of history that is beginning to assume an imposing form, and that may possibly lead to serious complications should another gold-field be discovered and find the question un- settled. Mr. Redman having had his innings, and having given no opportunity to the other side to apply, a meeting was called by the-dancing demagogues before referred to, the professed object of which was not only to have a go in at the free selection question, but also to take into- considera- tion other matters connected with the gold- fields. Instead of fairly discussing the question which, goodness knows, was of sufficient importance to demand their whole attention, every man, had his little hobby that he pranced and capered upon before the meeting. One who had been the happy recipient of £100 a year as clerk to the only Local Court favoured by a grant of public money was most ener- getic in favour of the re-establishment of local courts, and, of course, of his office and salary. Another objected to one regulation- under which he had suffered, another to another, and so on. Only one or two of the speakers really dealt with the true question, for, as usual with the demagogue rage, every man was so full of his own particular little grievance that he had no thought to give to the general welfare. Mr. Reily-you may recollect him as one of the old Land League men argued very well against Mr. Redman, and, in my opinion, knocked the lawyer's arguments all to pieces ; but it was somewhat annoying to me to find one of the earliest champions of free selection over the length and breadth of the land, without curb and without check of any kind, now coming in to argue against its application to areas that might possibly turn out auriferous. In fact, with the exception of this gentleman's speech, there was so much rubbish mixed up, in the speeches, so much declamation against the Government, so much of the old stock nonsense about- the studied ne- glect of the mining interest, so much abuse of every- body and every thing a little higher in. the social scale than the speakers, that the miners who, though very much like children and liable to be hither and thither with every breath, have some little modicum of com- mon sense, were actually relieved when. Mr Redman made his appearance on the stage, and brought them back to the real subject they had met to discuss. Before he had talked to them five minutes, he had soaped them down to such good purpose that he had them, cheering him lustily, and many of thom, in the face of the manifest insincerity of those who had insti- tuted themselves as their leaders, went away impressed in his favour rather than the reverse. So much for the discussion of the matter, and now for the more serious part of the business. Mr. Red- man has had his hundred acres surveyed, enclosing in the area a number of claims on the One-mile Rush, two quartz reefs already worked and several others not yet opened. He has shut in many resident allotments, occupied by miners under the Gold-fields Regulation, has commenced building his house in close proximity to a rich reef, has set fire to some of the rough outbuildings erected by the miners, and has given them notice of his inten- tion to make them pay for the use of his land. He has done this in such a manner as to induce a breach of the peace, and he would probably have been only too glad if such had been the result of his behaviour, for he would then have placed the miners in the wrong, and would have regarded the fine that would have been inflicted, had an assault been committed, as a species of triumph. Luckily he has to do with an orderly lot of men, who, instead of taking the law into their own hands, have appealed to the resident magis- trate, and a summons under the Gold fields Act has been issued against Mr. Redman for the trespass he has committed upon the occupation lot of one of the miners. This case will be heard at the police office to-morrow, and I shall watch it with some interest, as the question involved is one of considerable import- ance to the mining interest. At the same time I may say that, even if the law were as much with Mr. Redman, as I believe it to be against hiin, I cannot for an instant fancy that the Minister for Lands will approve of the conditional purchase ; and this I honestly fancy is Mr. Redman's own idea. "Were it to be allowed, we should have persons as unscrupulous as this gentleman coming in the moment a gold-field was discovered, and before it. could be proclaimed, and selecting all that was likely to prove the most highly auriferous. Two of the four men forming the band of incipient bushrangers mentioned in one of my former letters, have been apprehended by the Cootamundry police with sufficient stolen property on them to ensure their conviction for highway robbery. One of them proves to be a man named Johnson, who was committed for trial here for an attempt to stab, but who escaped off the chain. Everything continues very quiet here. No crime, no business, very little work doing, and not much gold-washing going on. The huts, &c;, are beginning to thin out very considerably, and long gaps occur where recently there were continuous rows of resi- dences, huts, &c.; The weather has been fearfully hot, with not the slightest indication that would give even the ghost of a hope that be much as a thunder shower was impending. 