WEST MAITLAND MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. A meeting of this body was held last evening Present The Mayor, Aldermen Wolstenholme, OllifTe, Viodin, Smith, and Wade the minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. CORRESPONDENCE -The following corrtapondeuce wai read -Copies of letters addressed to Mr Curler, on the ?object of the assessment of the town - *o Mr Tuck, refusing compensation for alleged extra trouble he bad in laying his gas pipes under the kerbing and guttering, -to Mr Moriarty, requesting to be furnished with plans shown g a system of drainage for the valley of the Hunter, more especially with reference to WalliB* Creek, ard to tho Secretary for Finance and Trade, aakiLg for the endow- ment for the half-ytar ending December, 18C6. A letter from the Harbours and RivetB Branch, observing that a copy of the original flood plan is now baing prepared, showing the system of diainage pro posed to be oirried ont in the Valley of the Hunter and that on completion ot the same it would be forwarded to the Council A letter from the surveyor, urging upon the Council the necessity of in- viting tenders for 500 vards of Melbourne or New Zealand metal And a letter from the Conference of Municipal Delegates, covering copies of their final report, together with copies of suggested amendmencs m Mr Parkes's bill. A letter from the Government, declining to aoceia to the request of the Connell that the sam voted for the main road and Long Bri'go Bbould be placed ia the Ooanoil's hands for their disposal according to their dis- cretion, and enclosing an amended mi eage rate for the main road. WALLIS'S CRREK FLOOD OATES -The M lyor mform°d Mesara Burna and Sefton, two members of the floodgate deputation (who were present) that the Counoil not yet having received the plana of the general system of drainage from Mr Moriarty (which it had been decided should be considered before an answer was returned to the deputation) could not state whether they would be justified in giving a sam in aid of the work. The Cour eil had nsed all neoesiary diligence in obtainir g the plan , and as soon as thoy obtained it they would give immedHte considera- tion to the subj ct -Alderman Smith said that he under- stood the deputation were present to give any information that might be required ot them -lhe Rev Mr, lurves had been nBked a question at the last interview av to whether any one was opposed to the construction of the flood gates and he hrd not then given a very satisfactory answer Mr I Sefton said the deputation was there to BUS Ter any qneBtions - Mr, Burns said that Mr J, Smith, of Newcastle, was the only peison who objected to the erection of the fliod fe ales, ho owned the lands upon the opposite side of the cre-ik He bad reason to believe that there would be no difficulty in obtaining the necessary legal authority for the construction of the floodgates Mr Sefton said the committee were not confined toanv particular place as a Bite for the embank- ment, it might be found advisable to erect it at the Victoria Budge and mike it serve the double purpose of flo d^ates and a road, when that bridge beoame useless , it was now falling to decay After Bome farther remarks from various aldermen, the deputation withdrew, on the understand- ing that the Connell wonld give the matter of the flood- gates their attentive consideration when the plana was received from Mr Moriarty CONTROL or THE MAIS ROAD -Respecting the letter received from the Government, in leference to the con- trol of the main road and the repair of the Long Bridge, some discussion ensued It waa even- j tually reaolved, on the motion'of Alderman Vmdin, seconded by Alderman Smith-' That the proposition of the Honorable the Seoretaiy for Works, in his letter of "the 16th ultimo, to haid over to the Coan ii the £2300 voted, and mileage (£299 19s 4¿d ), to be expended in terms of the Council's letter to Mr Leo, of 30th July, 1866, be accepted, and that application be made for the money to be placed to the oreditof the Council at once, the bridge being in a most dangerous state " A report from the finance committee, recommending the piyment of £70 5s lid , as per pay sheet, was adopted Alderman Olhffa drew attention to a dangerous part of the main road nesx Regent-street, and measures were taken to have it repaired It was resolved that tenders «hould be called for the supply of 500 yards of b ne metal, aa recommended by the surveyor. The Mayor stated that as that was the last night of their meeting as a council be vvoud return his thanks to the retiring aldermen for their uniform courtesy to bim as Mayor , and he could bear test mony to their diligence and desire to cirry out the duties en- trusted to them by the ratepayers generally He trusted that the retiring aldermen would again he eleoted -Alderman Wade endorsed everything that had been said by the Mayor respe ting the retiring aldermen, and hoped that they would be again returned.-Alderman Smith and Alderman Vmdin both relumed thanks for the kindly feeling of their brother aldermen, and announced their intention to again plaoe themselves in nomination lhe Counoil then rose. SYDNEY INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY—The annual meeting of subscribers to the Sydney Infirmary and Dis- pensary was held, yesterday evening, in St James's schoolroom Castlereagh-street. The attendance was not very mnumerons, but the weather was inclement. The Hon G Allen presided. Dr Dick read the annual re- port, from whioh it appeared that several of the depart- ment had undergone a reorganization whioh promised good results. lhe work of erecting a new wing was in progress, and was urgently needed to meet the increased demanda upon the institution Various minor improve- ments had been effeoted in the buildings borne obróme oases had been removed from tbe institution to the Government institute at Port Macquarie, at the request of the directors , but the institution still required to be relieved of similar cases, lo enable the directors to ex- tend its benefits to a larger nnmber of other patients suffering from dise-ise of an acu'o character The direc- tors had again under their consideration an improved system of nursing, and other alterations in the genera) economy of the bouse The Government had relieved tie board fiom some difficulty by taking steps for the sel»o ion in 1 nghnd of duly qualified persons aa nurseB, and making provision for their outfit and passage to the oolony. Nego ia*iona bad been renewed witb the Senate of the Sydney University, and further steps taken towards he establishment of a medical school in connec- tion with the infirmary. Ibis would materially mcrease the benefits the institution had rendered to the com- munity, by subserving the interests of Bcience, and making the extensive observation of disease, to be ob tamed in tbe numerous and varied oases under treat- ment, a measure towards training a nativo faculty. An additional dispenser had beean appointed for the infirmary, as also to fill the vacancies caused by the deaths of Mr. Houston, house surgeon, and Mrs. Ghost, matron, Mr. Gray and Mrs. Blake had been appointed. It having been found that the dnties, as discharged by the late Mr Houston, aie too onerous for one officer, the direotora propose to divide tho duties between a resident physician and a resident surgeon The roport recommended the appointment of a paid suponntendantto aot as secreUry, and have o general oversight of the house The com- mittee had had their attention engaged in the revision of new rules and in the preparation of a Bill of Incorpo- ration, which had not jet passed hovitver lhe Rev J Dougall and M H Stephen, Esq , had reaigned the oflioes of joint secretaries There had been * slight falling off m the number of old subscribers, but this loss had been more than compensated by new onea The nuojber of patienta admitted into the infirmary during the lost year had been 1274 lhe accidents and urgBnt oases had amounted to 235 There had been 22 operations performed The number of deaths durirg the year had been 159 Of these many wore moribund on admission. The number of patienta remaining in the house on the 3iBt December 1866, waa 183. lhe num- ber of oases treated by the district surgeons, in connec- tion with the dispensary, had amounted to 3919 Of these 706 were visited at their own homes -Mr, John Smith, treasurer, read the financial statement, which showed that the disbursements for the year amounted lo £9572 7s 2d , and the receipts to £8872 14s. Id , leaving a balance of £699 5*. 7d duo to bank. But against this thoy had in anticipation the receipt from Government of several hundred pounds for pauper pationta. The subscriptions for the past year amouuted to £2000 lhe securities deposited with tho bank amounted to £5000 They bad also £606 m the Samintan Fund m the Savings' Bank Arohdeaoon M'Enoroe moved the adop ion, printing, and circulation ot the report Mr Alexander seconded the motion, and it was carried Thanks were accorded to the Governor and Parliament for the liberal aid rendered to the institution I he new rules proposed by the direotors were adopted. The Rev Mr Moreton suggested that .f the funds of the institution wonld admit of it, the dis- trict medioal staff should be increased, as he knew their dnties to be very onerous and heavy. Mr. J Manning said that the directors by and bye intended to decrease the size of the districts, and to employ a larger number of medioal men. The retiring honorary physicians and surgeons were re eleoted A vote of thanks was given to Mr A Dick for preparing the new rules. A resolution was passed re commending tho direotors to mature a soheme for the removal of the present dilapidated buildings used for the domestic duties of the institution, and for providing a complete range of substantial buildings in their place, and for the laying out and planting of the nnoccnpied space at the baok of the main building, for the use and recrea, tion of the patients , and that tbey make applioation to the Government for fnnda for those purposes A vote of thanks to the chairman ooncludcd the proceedings - Abridged from the 8, M Herald, Jan. 31. 