MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. fl'rom lito Homo Newt.) Bonnets made from the skin of tho cobra di enpollo, and ladles' muffs made of vulture-down, aro among the articles sent from the Capo of Good Hope, to the Turls Exhibition. Six hundred human skulls, many of them of remote antiquity, will be shown in the anthropological department ofttho Paris Exhibition Phjsiclans tit the town of Columbus, Indiana, (U S ) report a casa of spontaneous combustion as having occuncd there I .Andrew Nolto, a German of vory Intcmpcrato liaHitl, was found dead in his shop, his Ups burned ajgay, his mouth a ghastly hole, his tonguo charrorxU) a cinder, and his nostrils blackened by fire It is Lttfliot ed that his breath toole fire from a cigar Mr Pcabody's fortune Is estimated at £0 000,000 tho richest prívale individual, save the Baron Rothschild, vvithinjth* limits of civilisation He is perfecting hi» pfarpstfor tho some time since announced gift to too poor of Boston,and the colleges of his nativo Stata.1 His gifts already aggregate , £000,000 \| . It is stated that ti(k health of tho convict William Roupcll, formely member of Parliament for Lambeth, has completely broken down When ho first went to Portland ho worked III the quarnts with the other convicts, and his health Bcemed to improve through the out door employment After a while he applied to bo cngapod in-aoors, and vt as set to w ork vt book- binding Ibis, ljpwevcr, does not appear to have suited hu constitution, for his health giaduallv declined, and at ength ho was obliged to cuter the hospital, whero horcmains but a wreck of tho man he once was l,4Pt\ A singular case ?f'lioBiIcido lins just occurred nt Gravesend Cm/tl recent afternoon, two youths, named Holmos aiMEdgrV, in tile employ of a grottr, were upstairs in tEftr bedroom One hal been sent up to call tho other down to tea, when thoj began to spar with each other in plaj Suddenly Holmes took up a pistol and shot Eilyar through tho head I he pistol belonged to Holmes, and is said to hate been kept loaded as he hud been alarmed by ghost stones He has show n much distress at the result of his rash action, but lins made no stat meut as to his motive far if lho coroner's jury returned a verdict of " manslaughter " against bim It is reported flint a terrible railway accident occurred near the Nikitlno station on the Moscow lino In turning a short curto n pnrt of the train ran off tile rails, and eight carriages were precipitated down an embankment fiftv feet high About thirty pcrsonmworo killed, and moro than 100 rcceited scriougunjuries lho Queen has officiated in person as sponsor to the infant son on the Honorable Ficdcrick and Lad} Constance Stanley lho reason oatlfoVCarl of Carnnrton vacating tho Minlsti y is, thatjtlto Reform Bill now tt ill give a pre- ponderance ofUhc representation to the working classes ? A formal cofpplnint has been lodged with the Bishop of London against tho practices of the Rev Mr Machonochie, the incumbent of St Alban's, Holborn, whcVe ritualistic practitos rim rampant lhere is too much reason to four that the majontj of our Bishops arc in reality Roman Catholics at heart, and that the Church of Rome is at tho bottom of tho matter)having put such men forward in tho Established Chtuwh^ with the view of undermining It Such is tho opinion entertained bj many persons of v mous grades oWllfe That a great many of our clergy are liomin Catholics there tan bo no doubt Aman nancd Merritt, a bud catcher, lias just died at Oospofi, at the agc of 102 lho Rev Dr Lanigan, the Roman Catholic Bishop elect, of Goulburn, arrived in that town on Snturdav last It is stated that he is to be consecrated there on the 9th ofs June, and that the Roman Catholic Bishops of Bathurst and Buabuno will be present at the consecration i There have VlcPlV some energetic protest of the I clergy and laity evPthe Church of England against ritualism. Ills prajjp the Archbishop of Canterbury has declared that his influence und authority will be carried to the inmost to check the progress of so great an evil. U The credltorsiqf the Agra and Mastcrman's Bank will be paid in full. The liabilities of O verond, Gurnoj', nnd Co, have been reduced from £18,729,010 to £3,010,050. Tho liquidators expected them to be reduced finally to £1,892,881. Colonel Nelson and Lieutenant Brand havo boen committed for trinl, but released on ball. The case is expected to be brought befoio the Court of Queen's Bench. The wotld-icnowned " Esterhazy jovvcls, " which for moto than three-quarter of a century have excited the admiration of the chief Courts of Europe, hare at lost come under the hammer of the auctioneer. Tho Great Eastern, which has undergone considerable alteration, will leave the Mersey for New Yoik on tho 20th instant. She has accommoda- tion for 3000 passengers, of whom 2000 can dine at once. A Public meeting,was recently hold at tho London Tavern of the Eiigl¡sh,p¿rchasers of land orders for lands ¡n tho northern territory of South Australia, and also of the shareholders in the North Australian Company (limited)iuor the purposo of taking into consideration their present unsatisfactory position as holders of these land orders, and to adopt a course of action for obtaining a return of their purchase moneys. Mr. A. L. Elder occupied the chair, and it was resolved that as the holders in this country of preliminary land orders had subscribed their money on the faith of a scheme set before them by the Government of South Australia, and has it is notorious that such scheme had fulled, the Government be urged to refund the inonoy paid, with interest from the date of payment. The bills of Mr. Robert Tooth, In the Australain trade, have been returned. Ho was connected in business relations with the London and Colonial Company, the liquidation of which undertaking has been arranged. His liabilities aro stated at about £00,000, and'the realisation of the estate is expected to be favorable, MT; Robert Tooth is not connected with the firm if R. and F. Tooth and Co., of Sydney, or with that OB R. and F. Tooth and Mort, of London. It is stated lliBxttle Rev. Dr. Cumming, whoso name was pul up at tho Athenrcum Club a fovr ovenlngs ago, Mas blackballed by a largo majority. Two of tho Jjrost promising students of St. Augus- tine's College, \Cnntorbury, who were about being ordained for missionary work, havb most unexpectedly seceded from the Church of England and joined the communion of the Church of Rome. A German brewer died lately in St. Louis, leaving one dollar to each of his children, and 500,000 dollars to his widow. One of two men, arrested whllo endeavouring to land at Dublin on tho 2'nh, from a collier from Whitehaven, turns out to be an Important person in connection with tho Fenian con'plracy. He has been identified as Captain John M'Calferty, of the late Confederate army, who was put upon his trial in Cork fur trcitson-fclonj-, but was discharged on a point of lawlhat ho hail committed no overt act in Englandk lil Is said to have afterwards returned to AmfFcn, lud thence to England, whero ho has been liRrvclyBiigapcd in tho Fruían interests. Ills cnmpan\yi is fcltclcd to be the chief organiser of tho conspiracy In England. 