MR. BRIGHT ON THE REFORM. BILL. (FROM THE PALL MALL GAZETTE.) Mr. Bright returned thanks for the House of Commons at a dinner given by the Fish- mongers' Company recently. Speaking of the different circumstances under which the constitutional revolution of 1832 was accomplished, as contrasted with those under which, the present Reform Bill is in process of being passed, the hon. gentleman said "It can- not be concealed-I shall not attempt to conceal it from myself or from any body else -that a very rapid and extraordinary stride is being made towards what men call democratic, and, if you like, even republican institutions. When I say democratic and republican institutions, I speak of the House of Commons merely, because-and I am entitled, I think, still to use the phrase whatever is the character of the House of Commons in this country must also be the character, although it, may not be the form of the Government itself. The House of Commons, for many years back, has been gradually attracting to itself more and more the power of the state, and whatever may be the description of that House, whatever the spirit which animates it, whatever the policy it upholds and follows, you will find that to be what prevails through every department of the Government and peers and monarch must march with the House of Commons. Therefore, what we are doing is a very serious matter, and what men should be well satisfied is right, what they should have well considered, because doubtless at that period I hope long remote when there shall be history made in England, what is doing in the Parliament of Great Britain now will tell upon our history and condition to the very latest generations of our people." After referring to the interest he had always taken in the subject of Parliamentary reform, and charging the Government with having stolen his prescription, which was received with some expressions of dissent, Mr. Bright, said " There is one thing that I beg to state to the two or three gentlemen who rather differ from me, and it is this, that the House of Commons, with regard to all the boroughs in England and Wales, has now established a franchise which is lower than any franchise which exists in the Northern States of the American Republic and this, after I have been charged for many years with wishing to Americanism our institutions, has been done by[thosc,gentlemon who brought that charge against me. Now, I say this for fear that what I have said may be misunderstood. Let me explain that the reason why I say the franchise is lower here than there is, that we have unfortunately in this country a larger number of the population who are poor and ignorant and dependent than can be found in any corresponding number of the population throughout the heretofore free states of the American Republic. Therefore I say that the franchise we have established is lower than that which exists there. Now, I will not pretend to say I think most people are rather puzzled to conjecture-what within the next ten or five years may be the result of what has been done.. I believe there is great and solid good in all classes of the people of this country. My own impression, is, that in the highest class, that of high tides, privileges, and great wealth, there has been an amazing advancement in everything that is creditable to that class during the last thirty years. But I could not withhold the expression of the same opinion with regard to what has transpired among the middle classes among the working classes. I believe that from the highest in the land down to almost the very lowest there has been a great increase of general knowledge, and a great increase of kindness between man and man, and that we are at this moment more ready than we have been at any former period wisely to admit great numbers of the population to the exercise of the franchise and of political power. Now, notwithstanding that there will be thousands and scores of thousands who are not independent enough to vote without some . kind of influence over them, and who may know little for what it is they vote, still I believe that in a fair field, as we shall now have to a large extent, the good which exists through all classes of the people of this country will exert itself with full effect, and will prevent any evil consequences whatso- ever affecting the general politics or legisla- tion of the country from arising from the admission of considerable numbers, who can- not give either strength or intelligence to the constituencies which are about to be created." AT Wobum-Houaro, Bloomsbury, the inhabitants were alarmed by a report that a ghost walked the Square gardens. The Luvtet says the whole evidence of anything out of the common is confined to the existence of a patch of light from a street lamp falling upon an arbour at the north-east comer of the enclosure, and which is perfectly evident to any one looking through the railings on the west side of the square near the spot. At Bow-street, two youths were fined for joining in a "ghost not" in the square, in which the police were maltreated. Liverpool Albion, June It. 