3Pi$dtom, aurt Rumour A. Yankee proposes to build an estab lisliment which he may <lrive a sheep into at on end and have it come out at the other as foil quarters of mutton, a felt hat. a pair of drawers a leather apron, ami a quarto dictionary. A Spanish gentleman, studying Engli'li, being at a tea party, and desiring to he helped tq some sliced tongue, a >d in doubt as to the tern), hesitated a moment, ami then said, " 1 will than! you, filiss, to pass me that language." A story is told of a young man in Freeport, J If., who was crossed in love, and attempted suicide recently by taking a dose <>f yeast powder. He immediately rose above his troubles. " Would you not, Sir, start, as Mr, Harriet does, if yon saw a ghost?"' said Jemmy Boswell to .Samuel Johnson. " 1 hope not," replied Johnson: "'f I did, I should frighten the ghost." "1 think you must allow," said a pom pous gentleman, "that my jests are very fair." "Sir, your jests are like yourself." was the quick retort;""theirage renders them respectible." A carpenter who was always prognos ticating evil to himself was cne day upon the roof of a five-storey building, upon which bad fallen rain. The rouf being slippery, lie lost bis footing, and, as lie was descending towards the eaves, lie esc'aimed, "Just as I told you!' Catching, however, iu the tin spout, lie kicked oil his shoes and regained a place of safety, from which he thus delivered liiui-elf—"I know'd il, there's a pair of shoes gone to thunder!" Nature and Aet.—Ail American, fresh fioin the magnificent wo ids and rough clearings was one day visiting the owner of a beautiful seat in Brooklyn; and. walking with him through a little grove, out of wiiicli =dl the underbusn had been chared, paths bad been nicely cut and giavelled, ami tlie rocks covered witb woodbine, suddenly stopped, and. admiring the lieauty of the scene, lifted up bis bauds and exclaimed, "This 1 like! This is .Nature—with her hair combed!" An American paper tells us how crino line was used to manage a skittish horse. As two ladies were driving along a road, the horse became frightened at a large bouider by the roadside, aud refused to g i on; whereupon, one of the ladies, going to ihe object which had so un consciously impeded their progress, spread herself all over if, ami so completely covered it fro-n sight, that the horse immediately Incline inanagcah'e, and carried them to tlieir journey's cud without further mischief. A Gushing Wiuter.—How blest must that paper he which possesses a penny-a-liner who can produce such over-powering cloqucn e as tlie fallowing, which we extract from a tVeUh paper! After the description of a wedding of some local note, which took place at Newcastle, Emlyu, the writer goes on to give vent to bis wishes in the following brilliant style: —"May the torch this day ignited at the hymeneal altar contimte to burn with constancy and love, not like the light >-f the glow-worm, which emits its tiny sparkling fi uue in the warm summer nights, but when the chiliv blast of winter comes hides its diminished head; nor the bobbing bounding light of the ignis fataus, lioveriug over a treacherous b ar, leaiiug its followers to certain grief; neither that of the fussy, spluttering Roman candle, which, burning with mighty fuss, sends out now and .then a shooting star ro amaze the wondering crowd, then with a crashing hang explodes, leaving the night iu utter darkness: nor the light of the fizzing rocket, rushing in rapid flight, a< if to pierce the utmost bounds of space, whenlo! by its rapidity it Mt,lli consumes itself, and in its last and strongest efi' rt of progression bursts into numerous beauteous forms of starlike grandeur, which soon d'e, leaving a pissing pleasing recollection only, no sooner lost Pi sight than forgoit.n." Whatever beeimcs of the glow- worm, the ignis faJuas, the spluttering Roman c indie, and the fizzing rocket, can there be harm in wishing to the above writer a long life, so that when his rocket, caudle, and other sonifies re exhausted. '><: may go on producing others qually wonderful? A Judge's Ghost Story.—A mirth lovn g Judge, Justice Powell, could be as thoroughly humorous in pro ate life as he was fearless and just upon the bench. Swift describes him as a surpassingly merry old gentleman, laughing heartily at all comic things, and at his own droll stories more than aught else. In court lie could not. always refrain from j ^culaiity. Wi en Fowler, Bislup of Gloucester—a thorough believer in what is uow-a-dsys called spiritualism—was persecuting his acquaintance with silly stoiies about ghosts, Powell gave him a telbng reproof for his credulity by describing a horrible aunaritioti which was rcurcscntcl as having disturbed tlie ntirratci's rest, on the previous night. At the hour of midnight, as ihe clocks were striking 12. the Judge was roused from liis first slumber hv a hideous sound. Starting up he saw at the foot of his uncompanioned lied a figure—dark, gloomv terrible-holding before its grim and repulsive visage a lamp that shed an uncertain lichf. "May Heaven have mercy on us!" tremulously ejaculated the Bishop at this patt. of the story The Judge continued his storv, "Be calm my loid Bishop; be ca'tn. The awful part of this mysterious interview bus still to lie toid. Nerving myself to fashion the words of enquiry I ad tiresed the nocturnal yi.-itor thus—'Strange being, why has', thou come at this still hour to perturb a mortal!' You understand, my lord, I said this in hollow tones—in what I may almost term a sepulchral voice." "Ay, ay." said the Bishop. ^ 1 implore you to go on. What did it answer?" "It answered, in a voice not preatly d iferent from the voice of a liumanVcreature.— * Please, iSir, I am the watchman on beat, and your street door is open'Book ctftutLawi/ei^. 