THE COAST GUARDSMAN8 TAI%. " GOOD evening, 'sir." •. " Good evening. A fine night this."= "Yes, sir,—a niceish sort'-of night.' Pity for us we don't have more of them." The scene was on the Bouth coast of Cornwall, where I had retired a few days before the commencement of the long vacation, to seek a shorfc'Tbposefrotn the turmoil and worry of the law ; leaving behind me the old time-- worn buildings of Lincoln's Inn, where the old sundial, with its quaint motto,* seldom looked at, and still seldoiner heeded, is perpetually reminding us of the frail tenure by which we hold our lives; leaving the barristers, in their gowns and wigs, hurriedly passing from courts to .consultations (or, in other words, from fee to fee); the lawyers, in their black dress, and with their bundles of papers under their arms; and the office boys, with big bags, stuffed full of—what it would be hard to enumerate—briefs, cases, opinions, and all the other multifarious, paraphernalia of the profession, evidently looking upon themselves as no mean part of their respective establishments; leaving all this busy scene (and only too glad to do so), to seek a little rest and quiet, in about the quietest part of England. I had taken rooms in a little village about half a mile from the sea; and the short walks gradually extended, the regular hours and quietness of everything internally- and externally was fast bringing me round again, when the circumstances I am about to relate took place. It was a fine moonlight evening, and I stood gazing out of my window at the few strangers still passing up and down the village street, when a sudden wish came into my head to lake a walk along the cliffs by moonlight. I had often thought of doing this, wondering what sort of life the Coast guardsman had of it—those men by whom every inch of England, so they say, is walked round every night, as they pace up and down, night after night, and year after year; and so I resolved, at last, to put my longfancied scheme into execution. I had been sauntering along for about half a mile, looking at the blue waves, reaching far, far out into the distance, and chequered here and there by a distant sail of some fishing boat, gleaming silver in the moonlight, and at the long golden track, reaching from far away up to the base of the cliffs—the footpath of the fairies, as I had been told long ago—and peopling it, in my fancy, with the light spirits of the air, tripping along in many a fantastic maze, ou the flittering surface, and calling to their sister spirits in the water below, when I looking up, saw a man close to me, while the inviting smell from a short pipe quickly recalled me from my faucieB to the sense of ordinary existence. All that I noticed of his dress was that he liad on a rough pilot-coat, with a low hat, •whilea thick walking stick formed his only apparent weapon of offence and defence. In snort, it was with him that the sentences " first above written" were exchanged. I soon found that my new acquaintance was one of that very body of men that I had .BO often pondered about ; and so, having fallen into conversation, I walked on a bit with him. " I suppose you don't have much to do now besides walking up and down, have you F " "Why, no, sir. There's not so much doing as there used to be, once on a time, though I have seen some goings on in my lime Mind where you are treading, sir." lie exclaimed. "The cliff is not very safe along the edge, and if it gave way you would be smashed on the rocks below, like a poor fellow I knew was some time ago. God rest his soul!" " What of him ? " I said. " Did any one fall over here ? " " Why, no, sir. He didn't exactly fall over, and it wasn't over this cliff, neither, but the one we shall come to next. My beat ends there, and, as I am a bit before my time, I expect my mate won't be up for ten minutes or so; and, if you like to hear the tale, though it's not so much after all, I will tell you on the spot where it all happened. To tell the truth, I shall be very glad of your company, for its a lonely spot, and, often as I have waited there, I am always glad to turn my back on it again." We soon reached the bay by the light of the moon. After looking along the cliff, to see if there were any signs of his companion, and not finding any, he sat down on a stone, and I lighted a cigar, and taking my place beside him, he began :— " It is not so many years ago, sir, eight or nine, maybe, when a young gentleman came down here, as it might be you, to spend a mouth or so—our town being a quiet sort of place, like. He wasn't a bad-looking Bort of fellow, and had small and white hands. Indeed, most people would have called him handsome, though there was always a kind of look about his mouth I didn't like to see. He was staying up at the Miner's Arms, and there soon got tales about the town, of the way in which he and two or three other wild young fellows about here, as there are everywhere, used to go on; the sitting up at nights, the drinking and card playing, and the wild freaks they used to be at. But as he always had plenty of money; and paid his bill every week, (it was by his his own wish), Polmar- . then, th6 landlord, sir, never cared to say anything to him. He was a close man, was Polmarthen, and no doubt he made plenty of mouey out of his customer; but it would have been better for him if he had never let Mr. Hendon under his roof. His daughter, pretty Kate Polmarthen as she was always called, was the prettiest girl for miles about (I see you guess what's coining), and many was the glass that had been emptied in her honor, and niauy a youug man would have given much to have stood well in her good graceB ; but, though she was a bit of a flirt, there was none that had ever found favor in her eyes but Ealph Tregarva—a likely young fellow as ever was seen. Folks often wondered how it was that old Polmarthen ever allowed his daughter to engage herself to youug Tregarva, who was only a fisherman ; but though the old man loved money much, he loved-his daughter more; and though I hear there was some trouble about it, yet, in the end, he gave way to her in this. It was not long, however, after Mr Ilendon came down here, that a change seemed to come over poor Kate. She would sit silent for hours, and if Balnh came to try and cheer her up, she woula speak sharply and harshly to him, and then sometimes burst into a flood of tears, and beg his pardon, and kisB him, and tell him that he was the dearest and best of men, and that she was not worthy of him. -I Was a great friend- of his, and I gathered most of this from hiin at the time, poor fellow. I was sitting in- my.. cottage, one day, towards the evening, thinking it would soon be time to be going off on my beat, when young Tregarva burst in, with a face as white as a sheet, and scarcely able to stand. 'What is the matter, mart, said I; have you seen a ghost ?' but he staggered to a chair, and-fell, rather that sat, down on it, holding his face between his hands, whQe the big sobe that burst from him seemed to shake him from head to foot, though not a tear fell through his fingers. I stood by him for some little time, but he seemed to grow worse instead of better, and at last I laid my hand on his shoulder. ' Come Ealph, be a man; what is all thiB about ?' He turned on me like a tiger. ' Leave me alone, curse you. Do you too mock at me ?' and, with one spring, he was past me, and out of the door like a madman. I followed in haste, greatly alarmed, as you may suppose, but could see nothing of him. There was a mist rising, any one would have been invisible at a moderate distance; and it was with deep forebodings that I went my rounds that night. When I returned to my cottage, I noticed a small piece of paper lying on the floor. It explained all. It was a letter from Hendon to Kate, evidently written in a hurry, and was all crumpled up as if it had dropped from Salphls hand, though how lie -got it I do not know. It "eft -no room for doubt. He urged her to fly from the village before her condition became known, and promised that he would provide for her. "Soon after I heard more. That same evening Kate Polmarthen had disappeared. That morning her bedroom had been found empty, and she was gone. What surprised others, though not me, was that her father made no search after her—for he made none. He knew only too well why she had gone. Hendon was still in the village, in order, I suppose, to divert all attention from himself as he was not aware that the note had been found, Ealph and I each keeping our own counsel. What need to publish the certainty of her shame ? We heard nothing of Ealph for three days, when he returned and went about his work just as usual, but he resented fiercely any mention of the past. TTI'H manner, too, was quite changed. Oh! so haggard and wild he looked, and with a dogged kind of sullenneBB in place of his former light hearted gaiety. Even to me lie never spoke now, and oue or two attempts I made to draw him out into conversation were' met with such bursts of rage that I was obliged to leave him to himself. And now I must come to the most painful part of my tale. Tou see that the bay below is closed in at high tide, and the sand gets quite covered. It was high water about eleven on the September evening, when I was ou my beat, and a bright night, just like this. I was walking along the top of the cliff, just where we are now, when I thought I heard a voice down below, on the beach, which was nearly under water. Surprised at this, I looked over, and I saw that there was a figure there, and that he was rushing about, and shouting up. I could recognise the voice of Hendon and called out, ' Holloa there!' ' Help ! help!' ho cried. ' I am cut off by the tide, I can't swim. Send a boat. For God's sake, help me!' So it was. Sauntering along, he had, I suppose, waited there, and had foiuid himself cut off by the rising tide, which would have been the case an hour and a half beforo I saw him, so that he must have waited at leaBt that time with the water gradually rising higher and higher. But what was to be done. True, I had a rope, and instincttively I had taken it out, but it was only a short one, about a dozen yards long. I always carry a bit about with me. It often comes in useful; but what good was it now ? I could not descend the cliff, and if I left my beat and weut for assistance, he would be drowned long before I could return. Even while I hesitated, I heard a step behind me, and Ealph Tregarva stood by my side. ' I can go down that cliff,' said he, in the measured, dogged tone he had always used since then, though there seemed to be an expression of savage exultation in his tone that night that made me shudder. 'I will go. Give me that rope.' ' Good God!' I exclaimed" it is certain death !' While I spoke, however, he had snatched the rope out of my bands, let himself over the edge of the cliff, and was going down, liaud under hand, clutching at every little bush and every tuft of grass. My head swam watching him. One slip, and lie would have fallen, literally ' smashed' oil the rocks below; but he seemed to bear a charmed life, for still I could see him going down, further and further, crawling like a lizard, till he was only some eight or nine yards from the bottom. There he stopped. There is a flat ledge of rock there, and he lay down on it. It was a still night, and I could hear him, as plainly as I could you, sir. ' Mr. Hendon !' he called out. ' Oh, thauk God, you are come at last!' I heard Mr. Hendon answer. ' Here I am. How can I reach you ?* ' I have a rope with me; if I throw it you, can you get up here ? ' 'Yes, yes; be quick, be quick. The tide has risen up to my knees, and I am half dead with cold.' ' Just so,' was the strange answer of Tregarva. ' Quick! quick! do not trifle with me; I shall drown .' 'You will not drown for half an hour yet, Mr. Hendon,' replied Tregarva, with a laugh. But such a laugh ! It sounded like the laughter of a fiend. 'Oh, for mercy's sake, bo quick.' * Mercy !' echoed Tregarva. ' Such as you have shown shall be shown to you. Where is Kate Polmarthen !' ' I do not know. I do not, indeed. Quick! the water is over my knees.' 'Liar !' returned Ealph, heedless of his agonising entreaties. ' I have ventured my life to come here. Did you think it was to save you ? No ; it was to secure my revenge. Never shall you come up here alive. Listen to me. When I heard of her flight, I was among the first to visit her house. Her father found a letter, from you, telling her where to go, and that you would meet her. She had dropped it in her hurried departure. But never shall you meet her in this world. Liar! seducer! Your last hour is como. I have but to throw you this rope, and you arc safe. Your life is in my hands; but had I a thousand lives, and each of them were entwined in your one, I would give up all, all, to punish you.' Again the scream arose,— ' Mercy ! mercy !k ' Mercy!' again echoed Tregarva. ' Such mercv as the lion shows to his prey, such shall you have. You shall die, wretch—die in your sins; and, as the water mounts higher and higher, think of her whoBe body and soul you have murdered,— think of me, whose peace of mind, you, in vnur wantonness, have utterly wrecked, and then ask for mercy, Never.' Ob, that I could forget the fearful scene that followed. The wretched.Hendon, as the water mounted higher an^.h/glier, while each wave' almost tore him away from his frail hold on the projections, of the rock, clung to the cliff, shrieking ont mingled prayers rod blasphemies in his agony, while the relentless waves fame dashing in, rearing up, with a hoarse boom, against the rocks, while, above aldose the frantic yells of Tregarva, as he exulted in his terrors and sufferings, like a wild beast over his victim. The crisis arrived. One mountainous wave came rolling in, and while his death- shriek still rings iu my ears, Mr. Hendon was torn away from his hold. His white face appeared gleamiug amongst the -spray for one moment, the next he was dashed with terrible force against the rocks, and the next a bleeding and shattered body was borne out to sea. Ealph was in the act of reascending the cliff, when, losing hie scanty foothold, he slipped away. For one moment he hung suspended from the shrub he was holding, and then, as the roots gave way under his weight he fell—down into the same tomb to which he had consigned his victim. His body was never found. That of Hendon was recovered next day, and an inquest held. I was the principal witness, and a verdict of' wilful murder' was brought against Tregarva. I have little more to tell. Poor Kate and her babe lie side by side in the churchyard. And now, sir, can you wonder that I. don't much like being here all alone ?" But I see my male is coming, just in right time, so I will bid you good night, sir." " Good night." And I returned to my lodgings, a sadder and more thoughtful, if not a wiser man.— SUXDJLY SCHOOL EEFOIIM.—A ritualistic contemporary, the Chwcli Times, has the following suggestions for improving Sunday schools in connection with the Church of England:—" What, then, is she (theChurcli) to do with the children, great and small, on Sundays ? First, to do away, at once and entirely, with anything like lessons for the little ones. Then, to have a large crucifix in the school room with plenty of large, well-colored Scripture prints (taking care to avoid those of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, out of which all high religious tone has been taken as thoroughly as out of the dull tracts of the 6ame society), a harmonium, plenty of easy, melodious hymns, seats with backs to them, and not mere benches, a few short story books, supply the stock in .trade. The morning office of the school ought to be a mere rollcall,and little more, saving for hymns. Then, there is only one Church service to which the little things should be brought in the morning, and that iB mass, with plenty of ritual and liymhs. Where practicable, there should be a separate mass for the children, at their own hour, with hymns meant for them only, and it may be a short sermon modelled on those admirable ones bequeathed to us by Dr. Neale. This mass should be abridged by the omission of everything before the collect of the day. When a separate mass cannot be had, the children should come into the parish mass, after, the sermon, being kept amused by their teachers while matins and sermon are going on. The whole service is a great deal too long for them, and they understand soon enough what mass is, a great deal more readily than they learn anything about other public services. But if they have it all to themselves, with their own hymns, and they themselves being choir and congregation, they like it all the better He who said " Suffer the little children to come unto me, and. forbid them not," makes them love that service best. For the elder ones, parish guilds, contrived with plenty of grades and office-bearers in tliein, with special duties, however light, with badges, banners, privileges, all their own, are a capital means of keeping up interest. A monthly tea, even if they have to pay some little towards it-, a special service all to themselves, with their own procession, hymns, and the like, can be made very telling. And a bond can be established between little ones and big ones, by making the tiny mites into little troops, and setting the big ones as corporals and sergeants over thein, giving each such non-commissioned officer to understand that he is bouud to protect his rank and file, to see them safely to and from church, to help them in any difficulty, to look after them when absent from school, and so forth. The choir, the band, and minor duties about the altar, are also valuable ties. The afternoon service and work of the Sunday school shoultfbe a little fuller than in the morning, which was, as we saw, little more than a rollbefore mass, whereas thechildren's service of the afternoon should have a metrical Litany, and some collects, with its hymns. Now it is that the elder children are to be taught, and the teaching must be clear aud incisive, just iu proportion to the small quantity that can be given. Otherwise it wears out at once. It is all very well abusing " extreme views," but moderate views get so diluted in the untrained mind that they are good for little. The way to keep children in the Church is to tell them plainly, by word aud deed, that the two great things which the Church has, and which Disannt has not, and does not oven pretend to have, are the holy sacrifice of the mass and absolution of confessed sin. OPERATION"FOB CANCER.—Mr. Kichoner, of Carwell, writes us requesting us to publish the following, which we extract from hie letter:—" I am eighty-six years of age, and upwards of five years a<;o I had a small sore oil my lower lip, and after using every means to cure it, it kept increasing. I was then toldit was a cancer, and advised to get medical aid, and. in March last I applied to Dr. King, of this town, who operated on it, cut the cancer out, and in twelve days I returned home, and am happy to sav that I am now completely cured." A successful attempt lias been made to prow hops in the county of Dublin. A very good sample has been exhibited, and it is probable tliut the high prices demanded by English hop growers will cause an experiment to be ma<le upon a larger scale to introduce the crop ia this country. A Fenian demonstration was expected on September 30, at a concert in Dublin for the benefit of a Fenian wounded at Tallaght. The object bad been kept sccrct from the police and the public until some 1500 had met at tbe Mechanics' Institute. The polLo prevented many from entering- The concert passed off with some noise, but no Fenionism was exhibited beyond cu ostentatious display of green dresses and decorations by tlic women who ' wore present. MISERY NR SAJT FRANCISCO.—Very few of the citizens of San 'Francisco, (says the Morning Call of the 19th October) have any idea of the tnisety and poverty that exists in the most liberal and generous city in the world.. There are regions wherethe squalid poverty of the New York Five Points finds its peer, and there are regions which are far worse than anything ever seen in Alew York. In eayiug this we do not refer to the regions inhabited by the degraded, semi-barbarous, and wholly filthy Chinese, but to localities where white people seek to eke out a miserable existence. There are hundreds of persons here, with not more than 7s. a day, and with this magnificent income they must feed a half dozen mouths, and clothe as many bodies. With meat at ten pence a pound, and vegetables in proportion, they cannot afford to pay a great deal for house rent, and every one knows that householders do not let even the nastiest, narrowest, darkest room imaginable for less than 7s. 6d. per week, and where two or more rooms are required, a proportionate high rent is demanded, and not a cent IOSB will 1 be taken. If some of our millionaires were philanthropists, and had a soul above gain, they could make immortal names for themselves, and be beloved by hundreds of grateful hearts, by erecting a number of tenement houses, with suitable apartments for small families, and renting them at small rates. But we fear we have none of those who are made of this sort of metal. Here the old motto "Every one for .'himself, and the devil take the hindmost," "has obtained a foothold which we fear cannot' be eradicated. Then again there is another class of unfortunates—men who arrive here from the East with a few dollars in their pockets. They reach our Golden State with light hearts, and hopes of big things, but before they know it, all their scanty means are gone, and they are without a cent or a friend, and what is far worse, without work. Having remained here until they are " dead broke," they find it impossible to'get into the country to look for work. Hotels and lodging houses long ago adopted the rule of " pay in advance," and when the last dollar is expended the unfortunate fellows have found the " bed rock," and are in a condition bordering on frenzy. The lunch table to them is a blessing, and they have to live upon what they can pick up there, and sleep God knows where. Many of them go into the the suburbs, and crawl beneath the charbarrell; others crawl into houses in course of erection; others crawl amongst the bales of hay, and make a bed there. Only a few nights ago a policeman, while searching for some escaped prisoners from the Industrial Schpol, discovered twenty seven men sleeping under a pile of hay on one of the wharves. This vigilant officer, being in the receipt of twenty five pounds per month, could not realisetliat these twenty-seven men were too poor to pay for a bed, so he routed them out, aud drove them away. One of the poor men, as he was moving away, said, more in sorrow than anger; " May you never be so poor as to have no place to lay your head." The officer thought this was insolence, aud threatened to arrest the poor speaker for vagrancy. He forgot, if he ever knew,' that poverty was a misfortune, not a crime. A gentleman, upon whom we can rely, informs us that he lias many times observed poor fellows who came to him for work and failed to obtain it, go out with great tears coursing ing -down -their - cheeks, and when they supposed that they were unseen, pick up a handful of wheat and devour it as some sweet morsel. At these times he would call the poor follows back and give them a dollar or two, feeling that the Eecording Angel had giveii him a credit mark, DETERMXTTEDTO BE SLNGBXAB.—Mr. Forster gave another sample of his eccentric singularity ou Friday night. Mr. Martin desired to move, without notice, a motion for adjourning over the Christmas holidays. There was a general—all but universal assent to the request—Mr. Foster was the single dissentient. "I object, Mr. Speaker," he cried when the Speaker stated he could only put the motion with the concurrence of the House. " No, no," shouted Mr. Forster's friends on the Opposition benches, "no objection " shouted the Opposite. " Well, then," said Mr. Martin resignedly. " I must give notice for Monday !" " No, no," again cried the Opposition, "put the motion now." Mr. Forster was now assailed by some dozen members, who at last, gained him over to withdraw his objection; but determined to be singular to the last, when the motion was put his was the only voice that called out" No," and he thus obtained the gratifying position of being able to stand isolated aud alone in one way, if he was not permitted to do it in another.— The fashionable world in Paris, says the Standard, is in raptures with the presents for a great marriage, settled upon peculiar circumstances. The daughter of a richissime financier had noticed last winter, in high life, a young Count, poor but intelligent, and very proud, who did not like to figure amongst the pretenders to her hand, lest he should not prove acceptable to her father. The heiress was touched by his reserve. She induced her father to speak with him under one pretext or another, just to fathom his heart. The Count impressed the financier with a deep sympathy, who addressed him thus: " What a pity you never studied financial questions. Had the case been such, I should have been very happy to have called you my son-in-law." The Count did not utter a word. The financier continued " I am pretty well sure you scarcely know that two aud two make four." " Pardon me, sir," replied the Count." I know better than that-; in your family two and two sometimes make twenty-two." " Just the age of my daughter," said the banker, enchanted with that arithmetical appreciation; and he shook him by the hand, while offering that of his daughter. And ill a few days the Parisian fashionable world will possess a countess more, whose corbeille and trousseau are much envied. EMU CHEEK DIGGINGS.—One hundred and eighty tons of quartz crushed from the prospector's claim of the Lucknow reef, yielded a magnificent cake of gold weighing 909 07.. A previous crushing of 100 tons from the same claim yielded quite as high an average per ton. Alluvial mining still continues dull, consequent on no new; finds. The prospects obtained at the deepsinking at Eureka flat cannot as yet be considered quite payable. A twelve stamped crushing-machine will start work to-morrow on the Tygong reef. Once a Week. —Western Post. Monday's Herald. 