THE THEATRES. THE ROYAL. Tho management of tho Royal havo returned to Shakspoare, and Miss Cleveland has appoared us Hamlet. The first fact may be regarded as a step in the right direction, if the company prove itself strong enough to present the Shaksperian drama as it has in tho past been presented here ; tho second is likely to be taken by tho public for just as much as they think it worth. We havo no wish to enter into problematical surmises as to the reasons which havo driven tho management to announce tho piece ; perhaps a failing treasury and a complaining company are reasons obvious enough. Nor do we wish to enter into any very lengthy criticism of ' Hamlet,' as it was given on Saturday evening. That greatest of modern critics, Hazlitt, says that of Shakspeare's characters Hamlet ' is of all others tho most difficult to per sonate ou tho stage. It is like the attempt tojem body a shadow.' Again : ' It is quite remote from hardness and dry precision. Tho character is spun to the finest thread, yet never loses its continuity. It has tho.'yielding flexibility of ' a wave of the sea.' It is mado up of undulating lines, without a single sharp angle. There is no set purpose ; no straining at a point ? The observations .aro sug gested by tho passing scene — the gusts of passion como and go, liko tho sound of music borne on the wind. The interest depends not on tho action, but on tho thoughts — on ' that within which passeth shew.' * * Ho is, as it were, mapped up in the clouds of his reflections, and only thinks aloud. There should, therefore, bo no attempt to impress what he says upon others by any exaggeration of emphasis or manner; no talking at his hearers.' We ore aware that this picture is not often realised on tho modern stage ; but having in our minds Hamlet as ho should be, as well as Hamlct'as we have seen him portrayed, tho [greatest com mendation wo can give Miss Cleveland is to say that sho mado up for tho part liko Fechter, and played it like — like herself. Miss Quinn's Ophelia, careful and all too studied, was an impersonation into which one little touch of nature would have thrown some {light. Why can't this young lady try to get off her stilts ? Mrs Stoneham was ono ef the most dignified of Queens, and her thorough mastery of elocution stood her in good stead in the part. Mr Charles Vincont never appeared to better advantage in Melbourne than as tho King. The part is not generally thought much of by actors, but it is thought a great deal of by tho audience, and the audience of Saturday was evidently delighted at having so capital an exponent of it as the gentleman to whom we refer. The restoration of a portion of tho scene in the third act, ?usually excised, is to bo commended; but why not restore tho whole ? As the Ghost, Mr Bellair did not certainly justify his son's eulo gistic comparisons. Possibly his ghostship had lost many of his human attributes by contact with baser metal iu Hades. Mr Lambert was tho Polonius ; Mr Hall, the Laertes ; Mr Stewart the first Gravediggcr ; Mr Harwood, the Osric ; and Mr Gladstone, the Horatio ; and to all these parts full justice was done. The scenery was tolerably good ; the castle set in tho first act was something more. It is tho intention of tho manage ment to give a benefit to the Lying- in-Hospital during the week. 