TRYING TO PLEASE EVERYBODY. One reader cries your strain's too grave, Too much morality you have, Too much about religion; Give me some witch and wizard talcs, Of slipshod ghosts with fius and scales And feathers like a pigeon. I love to read, another eri"s, Those monstrous fashionable lies— In other words, those novels Composed of kings, and priests, and lords, Of border wars, and Gothic hordes That used to live in hovels. No, no, cries one, we've had enough Of such unpleasant love- sick stuff, To craze the fair creation; Give us some recent foreign news,' Of Russians, Turks, the Poles, the Jews, Or any other nation. The man of dull scholastic lore Would like to see a little more Of first rate scraps of Latin ; The grocer fain would learn the price Of tea and sugar, fruit and rice; The draper silk and satin. Another crics, I want more fun, A witty anecdote or pun", A rebus or a riddle ; Some wish for parliamentary news And some, perhaps of wiser views, Wonld rather hear a fiddle. The critic too. of classic skill, Must dip in gall his ginger quill, And scrawl against the paper; Of all the literary fools Bred in our colleges and schools, He cuts the greatest caper. Another cries I want to see A jumbled up variety, Variety in all things— A miscellaneous hodge-podge print, Composed (I only give the hint) Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news, says miss, It constitutes the highest bliss To hear of weddings plenty ; For in'a time of general rain, None suffer from the drought, 'tis plain, At least not one in twenty. Some signify a secret wish For now and then a favorite dish Of politics to suit them: * But here we rest at perfect ease, For should thej- swear the moon was cheese, We never would confute them. Of grave, humorons, wild or tame, Lofty or low, 'tis all the same Too haughty or too humble. So, brother editors, pursue The path that seems the best to you, And let the axumblers "rumble. SEVEN-EIGHTHS OP AN ACRE.—(From a correspondent of the Louisville Journal.) I have just seven-eighths of an acre of land where I reside. Upon it there is a small but comfortable dwelling house, wood-house, carriage-house, smoke-house, and barn; a wood-yard, barnyard, and a lane five rods long from thence to the road; also, a front yard, four by six rods. By this time, perhaps, the reader is about ready to say, " Well this about occupies your seven-eighths of an acre." But I also have a garden upon the same seven-eighths of an acre, from which I raised the summer past all of the onions, squashes, cucumbers tomatoes, potatoes, sweet potatoes, sweet corn, asparagus, pie plant, beets, musk melons, beans, peas, and cabbage, that were wanted for my famity use (a family of six persons besides working men) during the time of using garden stuff; and, after the maturity .of the crop, gathered for fall and winter use, half a bushel of .onions, seven bushels potatoes, four bushels sweet potatoes, half a bushel sweet corn, and fifty-nine cabbage heads. I have a small nur- sery also upon this seven-eighths of an acre, consisting of over 2000 trees, mostly of fine size for transplanting, comprising apple, peach, pear, plum, cherry, quince, and grape trees. During the time of feasting we have had raspberries, gooseberries, and currants, almost without measure—bushels of each. Cherries, peaches, plums, pears, grapes, and apples, have been used as free as water—how many I cannot tell. I have sold from the same seven-eighths of an acre trees to amouut of 74 dols. 8 c. Fruit, for cash—cherries, 5 dols. 35 c.; peaches, 13 dols. 93 c.; pears, 5 dols. 50 c.; plums, 7 dols. 50 c.; quinces, 2 dols.; and grapes, 5 dols. 7o e.; making in the aggregate 115 dols. 12 c. I have put thirty bushels of choice winter apples in my cellar, and to finish off the list, have cut from four to five hundred pounds of good hay. This is a correct statement of seven-eighths of an acre of land in Richfield, Summit Co., Ohio. Bishop Burnet once preaching before Charles II, much warmed with his subject, and uttering a religious truth in a very earnest manner, with great vehemence, struck his fist upon the desk, and cried out in a loud voice, " Who dare deny this?'—"Faith," observed the king, in a key not quite 60 loud as the preacher, "nobody that is within reach of that great fist of yours." TOLEHABLY TOUGH.—An American was saying in company that he had seen a juggler place a ladder, in open ground, upon one end, and mount it by passing through the rounds, and stand upon the top erect. Another, who was present, said he had no doubt of it, as he had seen a man who had done the same thing, but with this addition, that when he arrived at the top he pulled the ladder up after him. THE FESTAXE SEEBS.—The first principle of this new party is,£hat of the two sexes woman •is the more perfect being, later in growth, finer in structure, grander in form, lighter in type. The distinctions between the two are wide and deep, one being allied to cherub and seraph, the other to stallion and dog. What man is to the gorilla, woman is to man. Female superiority is not confined to few degrees of more or less; it is radical, organic, lying in the quality of her brain, in the delicacy of her tissues; a superiority of essence, even more than of grade. If nature works, as it would seem, tlirough an assending series, woman is the step beyond man in nature's ascent towards the form of angelic life. And this is true, not only of human, beings, but of all beings, from the female molosk to the New England lady. Man is but the paragon of animals, while woman, by her gifts of soul, belongs to the celestial ranks. He is a lord of the earth, while she is a.messenger from heaven.—"New America," by W. Hepworth Dixon. A miserly old farmer who had lost one of his best hands in the midst of hay- making remarked to the sexton, as he was filling np the grave—" It's a sad thing to lose a good mower at a time like this; but, after all, poor Tom was a great eater." LENDING MONEY.—In order to get an enemy, lend a man a small sum of money for a day. Call upon him in a week for it. Wait two months. In three months insist upon his paying you. He will get angry, denonnce you, and ever after speak of you in abusive terms. We have set n this experiment tried repeatedly, and never knew it to fail. PHOTOGRAPHIC NEWS.—Several draymen have lately had their Cart(e)s taken. 