PASTORAL LETTER OF THE RIGHT REV. DR. MURRAY, BISHOP OF MAIT LAND, TO THE CATHOLIC CLERGY AND LAITY OF THE DIOCESE OF MAITLAND, ON THE HOLY SEASON OF LENT AND MIXED MARRIAGES. James, by the Grace op God and op the Apostolic See Bishop op Maitland, to the Catholic Clergy and Laity op the Dio cese op Maitland. Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, — It becomes my duty to remind you that the holy season of Lent is approaching, and in the words of the Apostle St. Paul to exhort you to avail yourselves of the graces and blessings which are offered to you during these days of salvation ; for now is the acceptable time ; now is the day of salvation ; and if God, in the exercise of His unbounded mercy, is ready and willing at all' times to give us the kiss of peace; and to offer us pardon and reconciliation, He is so in a special manner during this time of grace and benediction, of prayer and fasting, when our Holy Mother the Church, filled with the spirit of God, and an ardent desire for the salva tion of our immortal souls, renews her solicita tions and redoubles her zeal by inviting sinners to do penance and recalling to their minds the memorable words of the Prophet Isaias — 'Let ' the wicked forsake his way, and the unjust man his thoughts, and let him return to the Lord and He will have mercy on him.' Ah, yes, my brethren, let us, like devoted and faithful children of the Holy Catholic Church, be filled ' 'with these holy dispositions, and be prompted and swayed by the same pious and holy aspira tions ; let us devote these days to prayer and fasting, and make some reparation for our past transgressions; 'Let us seek the Lord while He may be found, and call rupon Him while He is near.' And, m the words of the Prophet Joel— 'Let us be converted to Him in fasting, weeping^ and mourning.' This was the great and important lesson which was preached and practised by the faithful servants of God, and the holy men and prophets of the old law, who ?were sent from time to time by God to reclaim sinners from their evil ways. Thus we find Moses and the many holy men who were appointed by God to enlighten and direct his chosen people continually reminding themof their duty towards their Great Creator, and the many favours which the children of Israel had received at various periods from God, and thus they endeavoured to preserve that ungrateful and carnal people from idolatry and superstition, and convert them from their evil ways. Thusjthe great Precursor of the Saviour of the world, who came to prepare the way of the Lord,. cried out to the people, ' Do penance, \- lor the kingdom of heaven is at hand.' And. in the same way, and for the same end, does God »ow commission the Pastors of his Church to preach and proclaim to their respective flocks the necessity of penance, reminding them of the words of our Divine Redeemer, ' Unless you do penance you will all perish;' and also of the memorable words of the Apostle of the Gentiles in his Epistle to the Romans — 'The night is past and the day is at hand ; let us therefore cast off the yoke of darkness and put on the armour of light. Let us walk honestly as in the day ; not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and impurities, not in contention and envy ; but put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not:provision for the flesh in its concupiscen ces.'— Rom. xiii. 12. In which words the ApoBtle directs us to perform works of penance, and to {tut on the armour of light before death shall overtake us. While we live in this world, and enjoy the. light of day, all our works may be meritorious in the sight of God, and become a most agreeable sacrifice of honour and praise to Him; aitvd as long as the sun of mercy shines on us, we have it in our power, aided by the grace of God, to do at any moment what the damned souls in hell can never accomplish by their sufferings and torments for all eternity. Yes, my brethren, God has dealt mercifully with us is. preference to so many others, and has left us the means of making reparation for our sins, and appeasing his juBt anger, and ' blotting out the hand- writing of the deciee which was against us, which was contrary to us, and the same he took out of the way, fastening it to the cross.' — Epis. St. Paul to the Colos., chap. 2 verse 14. But the night of death has overtaken the repro bate in hell, and they, by their weeping, regrets, and torments for all eternity cannot merit the slightest mitigation of then: pains and sufferings, while we, by a devout act of contrition, at any moment of our lives can obtain pardon of our eins, and -jy en advance in virtue, and by fervent acts of faith, hope, and charity, merit a new degree of glory. Therefore, my brethren, ' Walk whilst you have the light that the dark ness overtake you not ; and he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth.'— St. ? John, xii. 35. This holy season, you are aware, is set apart to prayer and mortification, and the solemn fast of forty days on which we are now entering was instituted in the very infancy of tae tinwrcn, ana religiously observed ever Brace by the faithful in all ages throughout the known world. It is aa ancient as Christianity, and has been, according to St. Jeroma, handed down by tradition from the Apostles of Jesus Christ -and inatituted by the Church in honour of the forty days spent in prayer and retirement by our Dmne Lord, without any earthly comfort, during, which he was pleased to practise the greatest mortification to impress on our minds the great advantages of fasting, and to give us an example of every virtue. Hence we find all the Holy Fathers of the early ages of the Church recommend to the faithful the pious practice of fasting : 'There is no island' says the great St. Basil 'no region, no province, no city, no nation, no place, however distant or diffi cult of access, to which this proclamation of the fast has not reached, nay, the very cohorts of the soldiers, they who journey, sailors, merchants, . all in fine of whatever description they are, hear tins edict of the fast and embrace it with a joy-: ful mind.' ' Wherefore' he adds ' let no one withdraw himself, let no one separate himself from the ranks of those who fast, in which order the entire race of men, every age, every degree of dignity is numbered. ' And St. Ambrose says ' Whatsoever Christian will not fulfil the duty of the consecrated Lent by fasting will-be held guilty of prevarication and contumacv.' While our holy mother the Church following in the footsteps of our Divine Redeemer and his Apos tles has always inculcated and proclaimed the necessity and efficacy of fasting, yet like a tender mother she takes into consideration the weak ness and infirrnity-of her children in every re gion of the globe, and allows the rigour of her laws to be dispensed with for just reasons in their favour. Hence, my dearly beloved brethren, acting in accordance with the spirit of the Church, and availing myself of the powers granted by the Holy See, 1 have adopted the following regula tions for this Lent, to be observed by the faith ful of this Diocese, 1st. Whilst the Law of the Lenten Fast re mains in full vigour I grant, in virtue of powers received from the Holy See, to all who are obliged to fast or abstain, permission to use flesh meat at the principal meal on all Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, except Thursday in Holy Quarter Tense atid Holy Saturday. On all other days the use of flesh nieab is forbidden. On Sundays flesh meat may be used more than once. 2nd. Eggs, cheese, and butter are not allowed on Ash Wednesday, Wednesday in Holy Week and Good Friday, they can be used on all other days, but only at the one principal meal. 3rd. Milk is also forbidden on Ash Wednes day, Wednesday and Friday in Holy Week. 4th. Fish and flesh meatcannot be used at the same meal on any day during Lent. 5th. Those persons who require a dispensa tion may apply to the clergymen of the district, who are hereby authorized to dispense if there be a just cause for doing so. 6th. The clergy will be please I to remind the faithful of the duty of making their annual con fession and receiving the Sacrament of the Most Blessed Eucharist within the Paschal time which begins on the first Sunday of Lent and ends on Trinity Sunday inclusive. But my brethren, our holy mother the Church while thus dispensing in our favour expects us to perform other good works and thus make some return for the favours granted : she expects above all that we devote ourselves to prayer and works of charity. 'Ask,' says our Divine Redeemer, ' and you shall receive, seek, and you shall find, knock, and it shall be opened unto you;' and St. Jamea tell us 'you have not received because you ask not.' We recom mend mo3t earnestly the faithful who can con veniently do so to assist at the holy sacrifice of the Mass every morning, and we exhort the pa rents and heads of families to have the Rosary recited every night in their homes before they retire to rest. This is a pious practice calculated to bring innumerable blessings on families and to preserve the faith and charity of those who, living in remote districts, have not, 1 regret to say, sufficient opportunities of practising the various duties enjoined by our holy religion. As to works of charity it is unnecessary forme to say one word. For the present I shall only remind you of the beautiful words addressed by the Archangel Raphael to Tobias, 'Prayer is good with fasting and alms-deeds, more than {to lay up treasures of gold.' During my short stay amongst you I have had several opportunities of witnessing your works of piety and your zeal for the glory of God's house, and full of hope and confidence in the future, 1 throw myself without reserve on your charity and devotion in provid ing for the spiritual wants of the people and in securing the blessing of a good Catholic educa tion for the rising generation of this Diocese. We are told in the Book of Daniel, ' They that instruct many to justice shall shine as stars for all eternity.' And now, dearly beloved Brethren, filled with solicitude for the welfare of your immortal souls for which I shall have to render a rigorous account, allow me to address you a few words on a subject of the greatest importance to you and to those who will corns after you. 1 refer to the evil of mixed marriages, or marriages between Protestanti and Catholics. The Church, has ever disapproved of such marriages and condemned them in the strongest terms as odious and detestable, and experience tells us that they have been the occasion of the greatest evils both, to the contracting partieB themselves and to their offspring. I venture to say that if I were to appeal to your own experience you could indicate to me some instances in which Catholics, owing to these marriages, have ceased to care for their religion, and hold in little or no account the spiritual interests and salvation of their children. These instances which you know ought to convince us of the wisdom of the Church in forbidding such marriages, is it not a fact that many who entered into these engac^mente, dis regarding the warnings of the Church, have passed their days and yearn in bitterness and sorrow, have become cold and indifferent in the practice of their holy religion, and have in some cwses, I grieve to say, lost the precious treasure of the holy faith, without which it is impossible to please God ? And if we eonsider the faith of the poor children, oh what a fearful responsi bility is thrown on the Catholic fathers or mothers, and yet how often are they either incompetent or unwilling to take the necessary steps towards securing the faith of their little ones. Uninstructed themselves, they are in capable of imparting any instruction to the children, and are unable to refute the calumnies and slanders uttered by the non- Catholic party against the Catholic Church and its doctrines, and were they even well-informed and able to give an account of the faith which is in them, have theyi always the courage to attend to the practices of their holy religion ? Do they ap proach the Sacraments at stated times ? And if they are devoted and fervent Catholics can they preserve their peace of mind and listen to, and endure with patience, the many jibes and sneers against their holy religion, its ministers and sacred ceremonies? How, asks St. Ambrose, can there be a sincere union of the affections when persons are divided on religion? And even suppose, my Brethren, that nothing of all this should happen, what a pang, what an afflic tion it must be to the good Catholic wife to see her_ husband, whom by every law, human and divine, she is bound to love, living in error and out of the' true Church? Does not even the very sight of the heads of families separating on Sundays and going to worship their Creator in different places present a sad and mournful spectacle ? now otten does it happen that the Catholic party has to suffer a fearful persecution for his or her attachment to our holy religion and devotion to the Blessed Mother of God ? These are facts, which cannot ' be gainsaid, notwithstanding the boasted liberality of the age, and the many solemn professions which were made by the parties before contracting marriage. Hence you see clearly, my dearly beloved brethren, in forbid ding these unlawful unions, I am simply warn ing you against a known evil as in duty bound ; I am not enacting anything new : I am simply re calling to your minds the wise laws and provi sions of the Holy Catholic Church which has always condemned and detested such marriages. I am simply carrying out the paternal advice given by the Venerable Archbishop and Right Reverend the Bishops of Australia assembled in Synod at Melbourne, in the year 1862. The Venerable Prelates knowing from experience the evils arising from mixed marriages in this coun try, did not hesitate to address their flocks in the following terms. 'The Divorce Bill which has, unhappily, passed into law in some of the colonies, and which has been so odiously pressed upon the legislatures of the other colonies during the pre sent session, has naturally drawn our attention afresh to the evils of mixed marriages. This measure adds, you will observe, materially to those evils, inasmuch as it allows, by human law, a separation which the Catholic believes is not allowable by the Divine law, and so exposes the Catholic party to be bound as long as the non-Catholic party, who may choose to form other ties, shall live. Let this added mischief, dearly beloved, prevail upon you to renew your aversion and watchfulness against mixed mar riages. You know how the Church treats them, how she tolerates them only as an inevitable evil, how she stands by at such a marriage, sad, and as if mourning. No holy, all graceprocur ing Mass is celebrated ; no solemn nuptial bles sing, with uplifted hands, is pronounced by the priest of God. It cannot be that young people, properly trained in affectionate allegiance to Holy Church, duly estimating the graces of which she is the channel, should so lightly per mit their thoughts to rest on the beginning of at tachments that must end in a dreary prospect at best. Let the obstacle of a different religion be frankly pronounced by parents an insurmounta ble one, and the young accustomed all their lives so to consider it, and see it so considered, are in no danger of allowing themselves to be entangled. It is the indecision and worldliness of parents that create for their children danger, and so we entreat you to contemplate again the nullity of all earthly position and advantages, as a compensation for the . certain evils of mixed marriages. At the best, what must be the re sult ? Husband and wife divided on the most important, the most influential and pervading of all subjects ! No mutual aid, no common sym- j pathies in religion : religion that gives dignity and safety to their union. As Catholics, you believe the marriage state to be a vocation, having its special trials, dangers, hopes, and to meet these, its special graces ; and you know it is idle to talk about each party worshipping God undis turbed, according to his or her conscience. And of the children of such marriages what can we say, even where the Catholic conditions are faith fully — as they so frequently are not—kept? What can you, in ordinary prudence, expect them to learn, to be ? At the best, perhaps, in- different ; born and practically bred, in the subt- lest of the modern forms of infidelity, the no- tion that an essence of all religions can be se- cured, an abstraction from all positive belief, from all sacrament, within the recesses of a man's own breast. Dare you do this ? Will your children dare to do it, if you think, and teach them to think, of it as the danger of in- difference, of practical infidelity, ought to be thought of? What is it to tempt the good ness of God, if this be not it? We do hope, Dearly Beloved, that thoughtlessness about consequence, more than unfaithfulness and reckless worldliness, is the cause of so many of these deplorable marriages. We must speak strongly, because we fear greatly ; we can no longer maintain even an apparent silence in the presence of a growing evil; we dare not see Catholics, were it to gain the whole world, divest themselves as married people, of great safeguards against the loss of their own and children's souls. May you Dearly Beloved, lay these things to heart, and may the Holy Spirit en lighten and strengthen you.' ,Need I add anything to these solemn words of the Yenerable Prelates beyond reminding' you of your obvious duty in the language of St. Paul m his Epistle to the Hebrews, 13th chapter— Remember your Prelates who have spoken to youihe word of God, considering well the end ot their conversation, imitate 'their faith ;' and again, 'obey your Prelates and be subject to them, for they watch as being to render an ac count of your souls, that they may do this with joy, and not with grief, for this is not expedient for you.' Fully impressed with the conviction of the evils arising from' mixed marriages, 1 beseech you Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, with all earnestness to listen to the solemn warnings of the Church which has at all times, in all ages and countries no matter how circumstanced,, raised her voice against mixed marriages, and exhorted her faithful children to avoid such unions as receive not her blessing nor the sanc tion of heaven, and are generally the cause of domestic broils, disunion, and unhappiness, and should even an angel from heaven preach another doctrine believe him not, remembering ; the words of our divine Redeemer, 'He that will not hear the Church, let him be to thee as a heathen and a publican.' And, my Brethren, if we even consider the wise measures adopted by the Church when, for grave ^reasons ? sometimes, though always with the greatest reluctance, she grants a dispensa tion we shall find that they are well calculated to deter Catholics from forming such engage ments!' In the first place she forbids any pi'iest to assist at a mixed marriage unless beforehand he has obtained a distinct promise from both parties that all the children of both sexes shall be brought up in the Catholio religion, and from the Protestant party a promise -that there shall - be no interference or tampering with the faith of the Catholic party and the free exercise of his or her religion ; and she also requires that the Catholis will do all in his or her power to bring about the conversion of the non-Catholic party. And how often — does not experience tell us — are these promises shamefully violated? In the next place, when the Church, with the greatest reluctance, grants a dispensation, she forbids the clergymen to wear the sacred insignia of his office and the vestments of his order usually worn at all religious ceremonies. He cannot give the nuptial blessings, nor perform any of those sacred rites at the altar of God, by which the blessing of heaven is invoked on the newly married couple. And all this was ordained by the Church to show her aversion to such unions, and to avoid every act that might seem to imply an approval of mixed marriages. And. now, Catholic parents, who have the best interests of your children at heart, allow me to ask you is it desirable that they should enter into the marriage state — a state full of anxious care ^ and serious responsibility — without the blessing of the Church? ? When they were born into the world you had them brought to the Church that, by the regenerating waters of baptism, they might be made children of God, and heirs of His eternal kingdom. When they grew up you took care to have them confirmed by the Bishop that they might receive the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, and all necessary graces to strengthen them against the vanities and corruption of -the world, and to enable them to fight the battles of the Lord like valiant soldiers of Jesus Christ. Will you now, after many years of toil and labour devoted to their welfare, allow them to expose themselves to the fearful dangers which I have described as inseparable from mixed marriages ? Are they to enter into this holy state as if they had no serious duty to discharge, as if they required not the grace of God to fulfil the high, important, and difficult obligations of the marriage state ? Oh, 'no, you. are well aware that if there be any state or con dition in life which requires in a special manner the blessing of God and of the Church it is the marriage state, and hence both reason and reli gion point out to you the strict obligation you are under of doing everything in your power t» dissuade your dear children from entering into such unholy engagements. If I have spoken at much length on this sub ject it is because of its importance, and. because your temporal and eternal interests are at stake ; not that I doubt for a moment your docility and obedience. Oh, no, my brethren, you have sprung from a race and people distinguished for their attachment to their holy religion .and Priesthood, and I have had already many arguments to convince me that vou are nob degenerate children of your Irish ancestors who, in days not long since passed, suffered persecution and died rather than do anything to compromise the principles of their Holy Faith, or reject the salutary dis cipline of the Catholic Church, of which they were, under all circumstances, devoted children. Far be it, then, from me to have the shadow of doubt as to your future conduct on this impor tant question, involving as it does your temporal welfare, as well as the eternal interests of your immortal souls, for which, if necessary, we must renounce all our worldly prospects and embrace sufferings of all kinds, remembering the words of St. Paul in his Epistle to the Romans—' For I know that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory to come that shall be revealed in us.' And again, ' Our present tribulation, which is momentary and light, and worketh for us above measure ex ceedingly an eternal weight of glory.' Make sure then, my brethren, whatever else you fail in, not to fail in transmitting the faith to those entrusted to your charge, never expos ing it to danger for any advantage, much less for the trifling things that may be gained here by want iof fidelity, and spare no effort at the same time, that those committed to your care grow also jin every other, virtu*. ' For the rest, brethren, rejoice, be perfect^ take exhortation, be of one mind, have peace, and the God of peace and love will be with you* The grace of our Lofd Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be with you alL \+ JAMES, .Bishop op MirrLAKa. St. Joseph's PreBbytery, East Maitland. February. 26th, 1867. - A girl who has lost her beau may as well hang up her fiddle. 