SUDDEN DEATH OF MR. SNODGRASS. .LL A.-We regret to have to announce the death of Nr. Peter Snodgrass, whom we must now describe as the late member for Gipps Land. He died last evening, at his residence South Yarra, of aneurism of the heart. It is long since there has been such an awful in stance of sudden death amonst our public men. Mr. Snodgrass was in his place in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, apparently in the enjoyment of perfect health. He was the son of Colonel Kenneth Snodgrass, for a long period senior officar in command of the troops, and as such performed the duties of Officer Administering the Government on more than one occasion, both in New South Wales and Tasmania. Mr. Peter Snodgrass distinguished himself while a mere lad, in the capture of the first band of bushranging that ravaged Port Phillip; and the example then set'has been so well followed up that every succeeding gang has been disposed of in the same way. The deceased has been as intim ately connected with the parliamentary history of the colony as any other member of the Legislature; and although always voting in the interests of his party. usually exerted himself to bring about compromises and re conciliations. In private life he was univer sally esteemed.-Age, Tuesday. A JUDGE's GHOST STOar.-A mirth-loving Judge, Justice Powell, could be as thoroughly humorous in private Efe as he was fearless and just upon the bench. Swift describes him as a surpassingly merry old gentleman, laughing heartily at all comic things, and at his own droll stories more than aught else. In court he could not always refrain from jocularity. When Fowler, Bishop of Glouces ter-a thorough believer in what is now-a days called spiritualism-was persecuting his acquaintance with silly stories about ghosts Powell gave a telling proof for his credulity by describing a horrible apparition which was represented as having disturbed the narrator's rest on the previous night. At the hour of midnight, as the clocks were striking 12, the Judge was roused from his first slumber by a hideoussound. Starting up he saw at the foot of his uncompanioned bed a figure --dark, gloomy, terrible-holding before its grim and repulsive visage a lamp that shed an uncertain light " May heaven have mercy on us!" tremulously ejaculated the Bishop at this part of the story. " B calm, my Lord Bishop; be calm. The awful part- of this mysterious interview has to be told. Nerving myself to fashion the words of enquiry, I addressed the nocturnal visitor thus -'Strange being, why hast thou come at this still hour to perturb a sinful mortal 't You understand, my lord, I said this in hollow tones-in what I may almost term a sepulchral voice." "'Ay, Ay." said the Bishop. "1 implore you to go on. What did it answer T' " It answered, in a voice not greatly different from the voice of a human creature.-' Please, Sir, I am the watchman on beat, and your street door is open"--Book about Lawyers. THE LAEST SENSATION FROM PARIS.-A gentleman acting on the false assumption that he was tired of life, recently proceeded to kill himself a l'antique. Fancying himselfa Seneca, he ordered a bath and opened a vein. Unfor tunately the vein bled freely, and he getting near to, his latter end, thought that, after all, he should like to live. He repented and rang the bell An intelligent female who as his femme de message, came in and rescued He had opened four veins; she was idespair; but at last she found in his writ .g desk a sheet of penny stamps. She cut e sheet in quarters, put them on, and saved her nmater'a life I Sticking plaster of a good ,ai.ty, with the iraperial head added. Cr Npmjaiden of Vaily Tdtegrapk. 