VARIETIES. The dogs of Naples are suffering from a malady resembling cholera. The championship of the Seine has been won by Mr. Gosling, an Englishman. One of the new boulevards in Moscow has been named the Boulevarde Amerikanski. The population of Marseilles has increased from 3(i2,325 inhabitants in 183G to 547,8Sr. In St. Petersburg tipsy people are lodged for the night at the Police Stations, and in the morning obliged to do penance as scavengers. The official list of the export of sherry wine from Cadiz for the nine months ending the 30ih September shows a total of 46,0-55 butts. A schoolmaster at West Hartlepool has been fined £1 and costs, in default 14 days' imprison ment, for having unmercifully flogged a boy seven years of .age, one of his pupils. An extensive fire in Paris was instantly ex tinguished by the bursting of three bottles of sulphuric ether, the contents'of which, mixing with the atmospheric air, put an end to the combustion. In Great Britain, on the 5th of March last the total number of cattle returned by occupiers of land, and estimated by collecting ofiicers was 4,7-S5,83fi ; the number of sheep returned and estimated, 22,048,281 ; the number of pigs, 2,477,010. There is a report that an energetic effort will be made next session by the leaders of fashion iu Paris to revive the practice of powdering the hair. Tbe Hoi). Jabez L. M. Curry, of Alabama, at one time the ablest Southern representative in Congress, has withdrawn from political life and entered the church. His sermons are said to be very brilliant. It is positively stated that M. Meriwee, who accompanied the Emperor in his recent journey, and who may be said to have an official residence in the Imperial household, lias been married to the Countess of Moutijo. Within the last month salmon have appeared in the River Wear, Durham, after an absence of fully 70 years. The result is attributed to the recent formation of a local preservation society. Liverpool Albion, Oct. 1. At Bathampton, near Bath, the rustics de clared that they had repeatedly seen in the churchyard the ghost of their recently deceased pastor. The police were at length set to watch, and arrested — a large white owl. In sonic parts of Germany every bottle con taining poison is labelled with a death's head and cross bones, as black as printer's ink can paint them. Every parcel of poisonous medi cine sent to a patient has a similar label over the address. It appears from official statistics recently published tli.it during the second quarter of the present year the number of legitimate children born in Paris was 9,081 ; of illegitimate, 3,851. Iti the same period there were 4,877 marriages, and 11,114 deaths. The Nobles' Gazelle of Moscow contains this curious phrase : — ' Until now, thanks to the visible protection of Providence, the cholera had only attacked tlie lower classes ; but at present the terrible scourge, attacks the middle classes, and even the nobility.' The old ' Council Tree of the Senecas,' nearly five centuries old, at Mount Morris, N.Y., vrds blown down recently. It measured twenty three feet in circumference. The solemn coun cils of the Seneca chiefs were held beneath this tree from time immemorial. There are in Fiance 24,000 evening schools, attended by 600,000 pupils, mostly adults ; 30,000 teachers are employed, and the establish ments are nearly all supported by voluntary contributions. Mdme. Brouille, the wife of the proprietor of an extensive silk factory at Auras, France, while showing the worts to some visitors, had her dress entangled in some of the machinery, and before the engine could be stopped was so frightfully injured that she died shortly after. It seems probable, says an English paper, that the reorganization of the French army will consist chiefly in the extension of the time of service from seven years to ten — six of them under the colorx, and four in reserve. It is calculated that this will give an effective force, when required, of quite 900,000 men — some say nearly a million. In Verona, a few days back, Zainpi, a Gari baldian, and an Austrian officer quarrelled about politics in a cafe ; the Austrian drew his sword, and the Garibaldian. seizing a piece of furniture, struck the Austrian a fatal blow. Several Austrian soldiers then rushed in, and a general fight ensued, Zampi, and two innocent persons were killed, and about twenty others wounded. Tlie chief engineer of the Turkish squadron at Candia, a Scotchman named Anilrew Cassells, recently embraced Islamism. for which act of faith he was immediately promoted, and made a bey. Cassells was a member of the Free Church of Scotland, and was looked upon as a religious character. He is a very fair Turkish scholar, and since his adoption of his new faith keeps aloof from all bis former European friends. A London .Tew recently complained to the police-court that he had been robbed. The detectives went to his premises, and discovered thereon some thousands of pounds worth of stolen property. Mr, Moses was arrested, and is now awaitidg the very unexpected result of his dealings with the police. Xe.vt Retort. —On the road to Epsom a moustiicheil youth, on the top of a drag, thus saluted a fat coachman who was giavely driving his master and family, ' Hulloa, you sir, where's your shirt collar ? How dare you come to the Derby without a shirt collar?' Jehu growled forth, without lifting his eyes from his horse, ' *Ow could I, when your mother has not seni home my washing ?' CcRrotrs Wrr.L. — In the will of the late Mr. J. Sergeant, of Leicester, is the following clause : — ' As my nephews are fond of indulg ing themselves in bed in the morning, and as I wish them to prove to the satisfaction of my executors that they have got out of bed in the morning, and either employed themselves in business or taken exercise in the open air, from 5 till S o'clock every morning from'the 5th of April to the 10th of October, being three hours each day : and from 7 to 9 o'clock in the mom ing from the 10th October to the 5th of April, beins; two hours every morning ; this is to be done for some years, during the first 'seven years to the satisfaction of my executors, who may excuse them iu case of illness, but tbe task must be made up when they are well, and if they will not do this, they shall not receive a.ny share of my property. Temperance makes the faculties clear, and exercise makes them vigor ous. It ia temperance and exercise that can alone insure the fittest state for mental or bodily exertion.'— Atlat, Oct. 19. GEtTERAt, Commercial Law.— Under this head we may mention the recently printed Act by which an alteration was made in the bite session with respect to the law on bills of sale. A renewal of registration is to take place every five yean, provided that where a period of five years from the original registration expires be fore the 1st of January next, such bill of sale is to be valid as if the Act had not passed, if such registration is renewed before the lat of January next. It will be seen that this assimilates the conditions to b* observed in future in regis tering bills of sale to those which have long been in force respecting judgments which affect and control the sale of real estate. In the hitter case, however, the Legislature very recently limited the time within which posses sion must be actually taken to three months, thus in a great measure destroying their effect as an ever suspended yet still subsisting secu rity. Whether some such condition might not advantageously be imposed upon those who use bill* of sale is worthy of aenous consideration. —Tftc Svlivmitt. 