jaw rd give la goo nixt time, sawin' yer priaince, marm ; we'll 'eer nuthin' good.' i Myself.— ''How do you know that?' lean tell you you'll hear Mr. So- aad-EO, and So-and-so.' : Sony (coldly).— 'It's not the blink o' me eye Fd give to 'eer tnim lumber, but me shiahter's yong min— an! it's Mm iz the darlint: sich singin', sicn dancin', sich atin' 0' pepermint drops on the way— aul but he's grand!' Myself.—' All very pleasant, bnt yon must post pone your visit until another time.' Sally retired in tears and dudgeon, and when my dear old Snooks (my husband, you know, Mr Punch) came in, dinner was served burnt to a cinder, which disturbed him much, and when Sally was reproved, she only answered sullenly, ' Well, marm. it's all along of the Finny Kadings as mesellwas thinkin' ovl Shure I'd spile the bist jint iver I spit on. wen I befdnd tu think uv the I%int dancin' on 'ees 'ansom lig.' Now, dear PuncA, don't you think all thisverr annoying to a poor Alaterfamilias! I really think Penny Readings and the Tariff will send to the Yarn Bad, yours, in great grief, ? SU3ANNAH 8NOOK3. PICKINGS FBOM MELBOURNE PUNCH HOSPITAL NEWS. a patient has been received who wai to sick of work as to actually 'throw up' his situation. The man who waa roasted by hit friends haa been discharged at incurable. 'set 'to rights A sick-room has recently received a little plaster and is now convalescent, A woman who was turned out of the house without murmuring has been seut down as an out door 'patient.' Another woman has undergone an operation for too much 'jaw.' A poor little boy who fell against a window and broke it has been treated for 'pane' in the stomach. a doctor's jokk. Why does a medical man object to coal and wood?— Because they make few ill (fuel, d'ye see it?) THE BOTAL PARK. The gardens of the Acclimatization Society are well worth a visit, and we have paid one lately. They con ain some very curious animals, many of which, particularly monkeys and wolves, would in time become very useful colonists. The first animal to be seen on entering the gardens is tha zebra, who is really not ouch an ass as he appears, as he partakes more of the horse, borne tame Persian sheep next greet you with a 'baa,' no doubt wishing to convey to you how very baabas nous it is of the Society to keep them penned upin the ink-closure. Further on you come upon two ravens, one of which was presented by a Mr. 1'oc, who captured him above his chamber door. Close by are a pair of pprcupines-ono is m fretful as the ahalcBpenan animal, and it constantly pulling away at the fret-work of his cage, no doubt asking the question, ' Wire we here r In the n«t com partment we read the following obituary notice:— v ^On the 20th at thelloyal Park, Mr. Vampire Bat. Po«r fellow; he had no appetite when he lived, and was stufled when dead. Not far off Is a tiger cat, who appears disgusted with hersituation. Perhaps the wages do not suit her, and her mea's are not to her taste. Her neighbour is the Tas manian devil, placed here by the Society ma delicate compliment to the Hon. the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. In a neighbouring paddock are specimens of deer. Of these animals Mr. Spring always epeaks most affectionately; we heard turn address them as 'my deer,' and it moved us with emotion to another part of the gardens, where the ostriches' are kept The tall birds were in high feather, and were enjoying a delicious repast of tenpenny nails and scrap iron. We give the keep:r tenpence to purchase the birds an additional nail in honor of our visit. He made some remark about nailing it, which wedid not quite understand. In a circular den were a number of wombats, all in mourning for the other bat recently defunct. Some swan', looking very black, possibly In consequence of their captivity; a few regular ducks, and several irregular- looking geese, riveted our attention, and the latter havinc become unriveted arniln. wn in. Bpecieu me pneasams.ont could tee no partridges, and we were therefore deprived of the pleasure of Baying, 'How are you, my covey?' Thin, like getting to wind-ward of the fountain, threw a (iamperupon us. and we left with a firm determina tion to make a donation to the Society of a water monkey, a Welsh rabbit, a towel home, a fire dog. and some other equally useful animali in our possession. ' How green you are,' as the boy taid to the gooseberry. TUK ODDITIES OF OWNERSHIP. Why do people call their residences by such Btrange names? Why should a brick cottage be palled 'Stonehcnge ; or a little wooden tenement in a shady street 'Sunny Side?' Why are bold looking edilitts styled 'Retreats:' and places without a tree 'The Elms,' 'The Oaks,' or 'The Willows!' If Jones or Robinson, with the aid of a Building Society, erect a weatherboard dwelling, why christen it 'The Rosary;' 'Tho Bower,'1 or 'Manners-Sutton Villa?' Doubtleu a lady who takes in boarders may with propriety call her residence 'The Lodge.' out of compli ment to her lodgers; but it is de.-idedly objection able even for an Englishman to designate his abodo & 'Castle,' although the habitation of a Briton may be looked upon as such. A trip round tho suburbs will amply illustrate the oddities of owner ship, as almost every domicile passed has some queer name. MIJflSTKB OF TIIK MAMNE, The navy chaplain. tub 'ms' of Ftowma. Fading away. OOIt OWK ACBOBAT. The 'tumbler*1 of Punch. NEWS OF TUB WEEK. Some gas has escaped. The police are in pursuit. A barman in Bourke-street has offered to bet that he can draw ' twos' in two twos from the same cask. A sporting cabman has also offered to ' back his cab ' against the kerb. A tailor in Elizabeth-street has been detected in sewing button mushrooms on to wautcoaU. We don't see the fun(gi) of this. VLOUAL. What flower resemble* a foul blow?— The vlle-'it. What flower is beloved by frogB?— Tho croak-us. What flower resembles the dawn I— Tlie day see. What flower resembles a thriving puppy?— The dog-grow*. What flower is nature's wet nurse?— The honey suckle. HOnniBLB ATnOCITT. Last week a well- known actor was 'cut up' by a newspaper. No wonder that he afterwards ap peared in several pieces. DIFFE11ENCE3. ' What is the difference between the age of a cab, and acali(S)age? What is the difference between the sobs of ? woman and the tiers of a theatre? What is the difference between orange peel and 1 peal of thunder? What is the difference between a box at the Polvtcchnic and a box of pills? What is the difference between ghosts aud s ? of night(a)1 1KAH 1UU AIUE. What sort of hat is worn in leap-year?— Tho bissex-tile, of course. BOOK3 WANTED TO FORCHABE. The geography of the musical world. The works of A. Watch. Volumes of smoke (three or four will do). Lilies on a railway. Poems by Anne Idiot. * THE HEIGHT OF IMPODrKCB. For a cook to send for our artist to draw a fowl. QUESTIONS FOIl THB PCrENTIFIO. Does the wind chop 'round' in the arctic circle? What acid is used for dissolution of partnership) Is a galvanic shock indecorous? Are there any arrows for a rainbow? WHAT AN IDEA! A would-be contributor wants to know ' if thera is any ' vacancy' in Melbourne Punch,' l)ocs ht take us for idiots? Vacaucy, indeed I THINU3 NOT SOLD Iir A nAIB0n*S88Ett. Morticed locks; heirs underage; oysters- beards; coxcombs; a brush with an enemy; curluig-stonet; and black bal(le)d people. 8HAK8PERIAtrrSHS. Anderson, the great tragedian, has a quaint , mode of reading Hhakupeare, taking for his text passages not to be found in recent editions of the ' works of the immortal bard, nor in the flf.een penny shilling issue. For the benefit of our country subscribers, and those who were prevented from being present ou the opening night on Saturduy last, we subjoin a few quotations from 'Hamlet,' as given by the celebrated actor :— 'Oh! that this too, too solid flesh would melt,' as the cook said when endeavouring to make beef tea out of an old bulL 'Ay. marry is'U' as tho parson remarked when a loving couple prewented the wedding licence. ' Be thou a npint of health!' as the roan enquired t-f the threepenr nobbier. 'I am thy father's spirit,' as the whisky ex claimed to the thirsty son. ' Mere imploraton of unhol(c)y suits,' as was remarked of applicants for servicable cast-off clothing. 'List, list, oh I list,' as the fellow shouted when ordering slippers. 'Oh! what a falling off was there!' as the passenger remarked when he tumbled off the top of Cobb's coach. ' Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind,' a- the wife remarked when her husband threw a pork-pic at her head. EARLT CM)8IN0 ASSOCIATION. Never shop after t-nur before either. A. Htjrband, Secretary. WASTED TO KNOW. Can an actor who plays in three pieces ever bo put together again I Can James Anderson and Walter Montgomery be called a pair of 'drawers?' Can a mustard plaster draw a good house? Can it be true that ' bristle' is the correct rhyme for 'thistle?' If iwo or three pairs be necessary 'for a hop, how man]- hops doea it require for a hogshead of , ale? Docs a sprinkling of ladies necessitate the carrj ing of umbrellas? A CODCK OF 8DFFOBIirO. An uncomfortable sofa. THE DASCU OF DEATH. The vaults. NEW W0HK3 NOW BHADT. M. Punch & Co.. publisher*. To appear simul taneously with Tom Cringle on the Hand ;— Punch on the Note; Box on the Ear: A. Smak on the Zips: Pain on the tilomach; Bunion on Qit Fod; Grease on the Hair; Blotch on the Skin; Ltd on tta Eye; inc., in, &c; the whole, when combined, formiug a volume no family should bo without. PENNY BEADING'S. Dear Mr. Puncli -Being amured that you are & gentleman of great magnanimity, ever willing to listen to all tales of distress, and to redress all wrongs, in so far ai you arc able. I venture to write to you upon the subject of my domestic anuoyances. Really, dear Sir, I scarce know which to detail first, for their name is legion. I have a small house, small family, and keep a small servant to assist me in attending to them. Now, my servant was a* well-disposed a young perton tu one could desire to potses, but she has a »iiterl— the fister has a lover I -the lover is a Penny' Beading star I 'Whatofthatr'youmaysay. 'Is it disgraceful to be a star at a penny-a-shinlng?' No! 'Is it objectionable to uightfy work 'the Steam Arm,* drive ' Hat O Mullagher's Mare,' and dance on one leg to admiring crowds I' By no means; but it does not end here. I will give you one instance of it* trying effects upon domestic comfort A few afternoons ago I was sitting nursing ray baby, toasting his toei to make him comfortable, when Sail/ came in to lay the cloth for dinner. I noticed that her face wore a look of grave impor tance, when »ho suddenly turned towards me, and the following dialogue ensued. Sally (eating tho corner of her apron, aud rubbing her nose with tho back of her hand) -'Please, marm, ish tho maohther gooi n' out tunnite I' Myself.-'! dou't think to, Sally. Why do you a*k' v. Sally.-'Well. maim, itsb thi&h; I'd like out tunnite if you can lit me,' Myself.— 'Where do you want to Bof _ „ Sally (erandly).-' IUh tu the Pinny Badiru, marm. You see, me shiahter'; got « ?hntout, and *e sings an' rades lovely. Shure e's a darliot. thin— 'e is. They poote 'im in the noospeepen, an* grand la-adies an' gintlernin comes to 'eerim. aa' s great googe takes the cheer, an* they calls mo ^'Il&ZfnoTfimi;**^ feel.. marm. An' iu to thim e's axiu' me an' me shishter tunnite; an, its fur lave to go wid urn I'm 'jiyiell— 'All this ii very nice, but as baby hu the measles and I am not well, vou can't so to night; but you ihall go neit time.' Bally (scornfully).-' Aa' ita not ft twiat 0' ma 