UNCLE EDWARD'S GHOST STORY. B From ' Once a Week.' B One stormy evening in January, a week or B two after Christm.is, a family party was B gathered round a wood-fire iu the dniwing B room of a country house iu the north of B England. Bj The night was cold, and in the distance ^m the moaning of the wind was heard among H the fir-trees, as it swept with a wailing sH Hound across the moors. On such a night I the imagination naturally turns to the I horrible ; and as we drew our chairs closer I to the fire, we began to 6poak of the un I seen world and unearthly visitants. We ? talked, over all these things; one after I another remembered some tale which added ? fresh horror to those already told. But I amongst us, my Uucle Edward still kept ? silence ; not inattentive, for he was listen ling patiently and with interest, but sitting ? back in bis easy chair, gazing dreamily in ? to the red glow of the fire, an expression of ?pain and sadness shading his usually happy ?countenance. I 'Oh, Uncle Edward,' I said, 'You ?have been half across the world, you must ?have seen a ghost during your wanderings. ?What buccaneers have you seen in the ?Spanish Main, disembodied spirits watch Kng by their graves in lonely churchyards, B-r ghastly huntsmen doomed perpetually to Bunt in the forests of Germany ? because, of Bourse, you have been everywhere, and Bnust have seen something of the kind.' H ' No, my dear Maggie,' said my uncle, B I have seen nothing of the kind you Bnention.' H^ 'Well, but you have Been a ghott 1' cried Bll the eager voices, B' Yes, uncle, do tell us your story,' said BL entreatingly. BJ ' T have travelled,' he said' ' half my Bjfetime, and slept in the most desolate Bjlaces ; and although I have lived at times BTvery solitary life, I have but ont story to BjlL Once, and -mee only, in my life, was BJever wncwudy in the presence of what I Bfuld not understand to be a living being, Hjid yet knew not to be certainly an appari Bjon.' Hj ' Oh, uncle tell us your story ! What is Bf ? what depends upon it ? what happened Bfcm it?' HI ' Do not talk all at once,' he fiaid ; Bf thing happened, nothing came of it. E-stranger even than the eight itself.' 1' But, we cried, ' you did see a ghost 1' 1' I do not know was the reply ; and his ijco was solemn and distinct, ' but I saw wnething once in my life ; and from that ?ae I never listen carelessly to what is ?led ' a ghost story.' ?Ob, tell us what it is !' 1' Well, then,' he said, ' You shall hear, ftu may judge for yourselves whether it is Bdible. I only know that, though it ?ppened to me many years ago, the im Ession on my mind is as vivid now as Ken it occured, and, at the time, it caused K a great deal of.- pain ^nd perplexity. »? Truen 1 was oljoui tuiny.years old, on B return from, India, I received an invita Hd to visit an old friend who had not long bq married, and who was living with his Be in a remote part of Cornwall, about Brty miles from the Land's End. B' He had come into his estate very re Htly, on the death of an uncle, and as ?y were a young couple, and much at Ked to each other, they did not feel the Hit of, society, nor the loneliness of the Ration. ? The country round vas of the very Blest description. The grounds opened Hi long range of clifls, bordering the sea. Hre were few habitations within many Hs, only a neighbouring village or two, Bj fishermen's huts scattered here and Bk The coast itself was far too dan BWb to allow of very many boats putting Bto'sea. ... Bteea-birds alone appeared to find a home ?pg those dreary rocks ; and often have Hitched them before a storm, sitting on ^Htigh cuns^ or akunming along the sur Hvf the water. You may well imagine, BJ.on such a coast shipwrecks were ?Crous. And many a sad tale have I B|ed to while 'Bitting as we are now, B» the fire at Tremewen Grange — afire BB- was in that part of the country often ^?psed of drifted wood, the remains in BSphability of eome unhappy vesseL B*here was only one thing to which the ?vault-finding person could object to ?Vemewen Grange;* this was the in ?K-le dislike of Mrs. Tremewen to ?k? in the house. This may appear to BK-«y trifling draw-back : to me (as ?B^eterate smoker) it was no small ?Bice;: In a all other respects she was ?Bt charming woman, and my friend BBhkg that was hospitable and kind. BBUice will not allow any Bmoking in ?BW, as you know,' said my friend to ?B6 nrst night of my arrival; 'there ?Bjhave built a retreat for myself and ?Bends, where we can smoke in peace ; ?By that lam kept in such subjection, ??^indulge in ont cigar after breakfast.' ?Bb then led the way through the gar BBJid plantation itov a small kind of BB/S or hut, which commanded an ex ?Bj view of the sea, which now lay be ?BL gUttering in the bright cold moon ?Bf an evening towards the latter end ?Bfoher. On one side was a door, ?Be on the clifik, through which a nar ?Buhway led down to the ragged BBjter this, I need not tell you, I paid ?B- solitary' visit to this retreat, and ?Brjhe 'f4 thing at night, for at that ?BPKagmed I could not sleep without ?BfKtomed sedative. I had now pro ?Bbiy visit three weeks, and we had ??(at the beginning of an unusually ??kd dreary November. There had ?Bf ^n «-ne shipwreck on the coast, BB*»y 'hours had we watched with ?Bf eyes from (be windows of the hut ??fdriven before the gale, seeking ??Ktim the violence of tie storm, ?Bf ve[7 moment that they would be BBF*t ^ rury of the waves among the ??fcks which, in spite of their height, ?BS^ often completely hidden from our ^?w the dense masses of foam, ???morning, aa we were all sitting at ?BR- my friend received a letter on ^H. which required bis immediate ?BS *° town. After he had finished BBVM, he turned to me and said : ^??JjaU have to leave Alice in your BBWKuig my absence, and I hope you ? | will tako good care of lier, and (he con tinued smiling), ' should any wrecks occur whilst I nui away, dn not allow her to run down the cliffs in the ruiddlu of tlio night, as she once attempted to do, thinking she wight be of tonic use.' ' He left us the same morning, promis ing not to be absent many days. That afternoon the weather, which had beeu heavy and lowering during the few pre ceding week?, was at last broken up and disturbed by violent gust of wind, accom panied by frequent hailstorms. Towards night it grew to bo a storm, and the sea rolled iu upon tbe shore — the great waves breaking far outside, and mist and foam darkening the sky. When all' had retired for the night, I lighted my lantern, and went, as usual, through the plantation to wards the hut, but found it difficult work to battle against the wind. I at last reached my destination. On three sides of the building were windows, one opening towards the sea. I sat down in my accustomed seat, and listeued to the hoarse roar of the mighty waves beating against the cliffs. I had been sitting thus about twenty minutes, when it suddenly occurred to me that the lantern, which I had placed on the table opposite the win dow, might possibly deceive some unhappy vessel, and bo lead her to destruction. The scene was certainly a desolate one. Within the room, hanging on the walls, were sad relics of many a gallant ship which bad gone down, and whose crews had never survived to tell the dreadful tale, fragments of wreck, figureheads, and other ghastly memorials bearing witness to the merciless nature of that fearful coast. As these thoughts passed through my mind, I ex tinguished the light, and was left in utter darkness. ' There was no mooii, no light save the occasional glimmer of a solitary star as the heavy clouds swept across the sky, and the reflection from the white mass of foam surging beneath me. I tried to shake off the uncomfortable feelings which, in Bpite of myself, would steal over me. I am not nervous or over-imaginative, . as you well know ; but I could not withstand the dreary influence of the place. The moan ing sound of the wind and the hollow roar of the eea as it thundered against the cliffs sounded in my ears like signals of distress. I had been Bitting thus, dreamily smoking for about half an hour, when I became conscious, between the pauses of the hur ricane, of a heavy sound of dripping water, too near and too distinct to be confounded with the roar of the sea. The wind, as I said before, was blowing furiously at the time, but the sound struck on my ear, not above, but through alL At the same time a cold chill seemed to pervade the room, and suddenly I distinctly saw, as though pressed against the window, a human face. That face I can never forget : blue and death-like : the eyes fixed and ghastly, and the face bruised and livid, and yet illu mined by an inward light I turned faint «irti hnrrnr ? an I -.felt ,1 was in the pro. sence of the supernatural Yet my eyes were still riveted by a species of fascination on the dreadful sight It gave me the idea of a face that had been under water — swollen and disfigured. My eye was also attracted by a glittering object which ap peared to be suspended from the neck by a scarlet handkerchief. A second and a third time was that face presented to my view, an unearthly light always shining through and around it; then it gradually disap peared. ' A few moments passed, daring which I was utterly powerless ; then my imme diate impulse was to get up and fling the door wide open. At first I could distin guish nothing ; but as I gazed longer into the darkness, I saw, where the horrible figure had disappeared, a flickering light shrouded in vapour, now but a few inches above the ground, and then gradually in creasing to the height of a Iwman figure. It seemed to float in the air with a peculiar rustling sound, like that of dead leaves when disturbed by the wind. ' I felt impelled by a power above my own control to follow the apparition, and climbing the low fence which separated the grounds from the clifls, kept it iu Bight as it hovered before me, up to the very verge of the cliffs. Over these I still watched until it grew paler and more indistinct, and at last disappeared behind a large rock, which was called by the country people 'The Devil's Stone.' I returned home agitated and bathed in a cold perspiration. That night was indeed a terrible night for me ; each moment I dreaded the reappear ance of that face, and the sound of the dripping water. ' Every horrible circum stance was so distinctly photographed upon my mind, that the whole scene was con stantly before me^ and I vainly tried to sleep. The morning at length broke to my intense relief, and I arose feeling faint and worn, but determined, if I could, to dis cover the cause of this strange visitation. ' I said nothing on the subject to Mrs. Tremewen when we met at breakfast, al though, remarking my haggard expression, she asked 'if I was ilL* ' I left the house as early as possible, and rude to our nearest neighbour's, the clergyman of the parish, a kind, benevolent old man, who being strongly imbued with Cornish superstitions, listened with great interest to my recital After a long discus sion we went together to the spot, wishing to examine the place where the light dis appeared. 'I felt somewhat ashamed of myself while viewing the scene in broad daylight, and inclined to doubt my fearful impres sions of the preceding night. ' The storm had abated, end all around fooked fresh and brilliant with that pecu liar brightness which is often observed after any violent disturbance of the ele ments. It appeared as if Nature was try ing to make amends by her smiles for the terror of but a few hours before. On reaching the beach we observed several people near the rock, to all appearance in tently gazing at some objeot upon the sands. 'As it was unusual to see so many gathered together on that lonely shore, we hastened towards the group, and heard that the body of a sailor had just been found, washed in close to the 'Devil's Stone.' 1 felt strangely overcome at this confirmation of the horrors of the past nighty, and unable to look upon tbe dis figured form that I knew lay before me, lest I should again behold what was so painfully impressed upon my imagination ; but, with a strong effort, I at last forced my way through the crowd, and saw, lying at my feet, a fearful mutilated corpse, in evcrj- respect resembling the form I had so lately seen. ' By the initials marked upon the arm iu sailor fashion, and by the silver watch, which he had evidently knotted round his neck with his handkerchief just before the vessel sank, the body was recognised as that of a young man belonging to a neigh bouring parish, who had left about eighteen months before for India, and was returning by a homeward-bound vessel to his friends. ' It became the sorrowful duty of Mr. Harding, as clergyman of the parish, to in form his widowed mother of the loss of her only son, but I did not add to her grief by telling her of the more painful circum stances attending his death. ' You will ask what could have been the reason of this appearance to me, an utter stranger 1 I can only say it must for ever remain one of those mysteries we can not fathom, and as such you must be con tent to take it. Perhaps as long as the body inained unburied the spirit haunted the lonely shore where he had so often wan dered iu his youth. Be that as it may, the apparition did not again return to me, neither did I ever hear of its appearance to others. Of the ship in which the poor young fellow was lost nothing was ever heard. A few plauks and a figure-head, with the name of the vessel, washed on the beach, were all that was ever known of its fate. It must have perished on its home ward voyage not far from its destination, in one of those frightful gales which had made many a home desolate. ' I did not, as you may suppose, after this resume my nightly visits to the smoking-room, and soon after bade adieu to the Cornish coast, I cannot say with much regret. I have often since tben met the ' Tremewens,' but have never been induced to revisit ' Tremewen Grange.' 