Bookmakers and Bookmaking'. {To the Editors of Sell's Life in Sydney.) Gentlemen-Last Saturday week you extracted an article from the Australasian, entitled Bookmakers and Backers of horses, on which subject I should like to " discourse " a little if you can Bparo me space. Tho origin of tito art of bookmaking, like the origin of various other useful occupations, is lost in the mists of antiquity. The earliest historians of profane litera- ture- Herodotus, Thuycidides and Co, make no mention of it, so that it either was not then invented, or was too common a circumstance to be particularized. In support of the Intter view of tho question it may bo remarked that nono of these gentlemen made any mention of cards or dice, while we moderns know that the Greeks excel in these modes of killing time, and in fact get their live- lihood chiefly by them. . Therefore if these great historical guns rondo no mention of such every day amusements, they may not havo thought it necessary to mention to us that Timon of AthenB, or Pericles of some other place, had won or lost a certain number of the then equivalents for ponies and monkics, at the lato Olympic Meeting, or that Cleon of somewhere or other, was uuxious to inform the sporting community of Greoco and the surrounding colonies, that he had a book open on all forthcoming events. If tho theory, that tho art was not then invented bo true, then, it seems that the gentleman, in a high station of life in those days, who advertised for a new pleasure, was debarred from ono of the pleasantest feelings of modern times, viz., tho tranquil delight experienced by a bookmaker who has laid right round, and therefore must win what- ever horse comes in first. Any one who has taken or will take the trouble ta wodo through Gibbon's highly pathetic account ofjtbo fall of the Roman Umpire, will ti.ero find that at the destruction by Omar of the great library at Alexandria (a sort of enlarged British Museum, or to speak more locally a School of Arts or Parliamentary Library multi plied a few thousand times) nearly all tho records o antiquity were destroyed, and who knows but that one o the lost books of Euclid, may have been a betting book. In tho middle ages tho pleasing diversions of cutting one another's throats, and burning ono another'! domicilos, took up too much of tho public time for les; innocent amusements to gain any ground, but ont instance of an intelleot a-head of the age is recorded ir tho history of England as follows .-Prince Edwarc (Longshanks) being a prisoner and suffering from dost confinement, was sent out for a ride, escorted by a strom; body of guards ; on reaching o nice level pieco o ground ho persuaded his guards to run matches witt each other until their horses wore pretty well blown then ho proposed a grand handicap sweepstakes one round the course (something after the plan of tho one al tho private races at Bandwick in January luFt). 'Thu being instantaneously agreed to, ho kindly volunteered tobo handicnppor,sturtor,stakoholder,nndjudgo. Thefirsl two offices he fulfilled to the satisfaction of everybody butnot so the latter two, as instead of waiting for tho finis! and handing over the prize to tho winner, ho set spur to his horse, which was quite fresh, mid quickly disap- peared from tho gaze of his bewildered and out-wittcd custodians. It is evident from this brief sketch ol character, that, had ho lived in moro favorable times, Ls would, with his knowledge of horse-flesh, havo been a shining light on the turf. It is not improbable that tbs origin of tho term Welcher, or Welsher, applied to a class of gentlemen on tho turf, who aro generally con- spicuous by their absence on settling night, arose from this transaction, as he was the iirst Prince of AV ales. Coming down to modern times, it seems that rather less than one hundred years ago, some individual, whose name is unfoitunutoly not handed down to posterity, sud- denly hit upon tho either long forgotten, or now idea that something might bo done by luying against every horse in a race. As is usual, with all inventors who are not protected by tho patent laws, this lucky gentleman found many imitators, and bookmaking became an estab- lished trude. At first, the bookmaker pursued his calling gradually and with great circumspection, and a long time elapsed before a ten thousand pound book became common ; but, by degroes, there arose the old school, headed by Crockford, Gully, and Bidsdale, who «ero tho giants of those days. Later on carno Davis, tho Leviathan, and tho Modern School, who will keep laying while they have a shirt to their backs ; and what we sliull come to by-and-by, £ oannot imagine, noir that Dukes have begun to open a book and lay thirty to ono in thousands six times over by way of a start, 01 back one horse BgainBt another for fifty thousand or BO a-side. Having now brought the history of this art down to tho present time, I will discuss it us it now Btanda. In the first piuco, seriously speaking, there is no doubt that the great prosperity of tho Turf in modera times is entirely owing to handicapping and bookmaking without which aids racing would norer have got much beyond matches and a few of the tip-top cracks running together, and none but men of large fortuno would bs able, to keep. Nowadays, however, a man is ablo to bear a year or two's bad luck if ho gets a horso well in i handicap at last and pulls off a few thousand to fifties ar so. Now I will como to the bookmakers, who may le divided into two great classes- those who make a square book and those who make o gambling book ; an d tb ese two classes may be subdivided into several others. Tho first class of bookmaker is one who trades on the system of having certain profits ho wo vcr small, and is generali; nolod for being a very good mark and laying rathei short prices. His object is to lay against anything and everything, but ho will take no liberties with any out- sider till ho has written the names of all tho favou rile! pretty often. This is an excellent system in theory, anil if a man has a good name and gets u goc.d connection, bi is pretty certain to get round on every race ¡ and let the hottest favourite win, he still generally "wins i trifle, or gets out harmless, and if a rank outsido r win often pookets a very pretty sum. This mode, thougl not loading to Buch startling rosults as tho other ot ie, ali! is much more cortoin, and gives pretty good interest fo a man's capital. /Thus a man with only J 2100 and good name making u book on the last St, Lo ger a wed before the race, could easily have laid £11)0 to £101 against The Barb, £100.to £50 against Fishho ok, £100ti £10 against each Bylong and Sir John, and £ 100 to £1' each ogainat Blair Athol and Old England. Hms eva if The Barb had won he could have lost nc ithing, am I must win on all tho others ; and as it was, Pis bhook, ki next worse horse to 'lite Barb, ho wins £50. This, yoi may say, is not bad for a £l00¡book, but in a £ "1000 boo would have been a year's income for a mod' srato mai A great many people, the writer in tho Am rtralasia» among tho number, wonder why there are so mani bookmakers, but after the public have shewed t hemselve so accommodating as to tuke, time after time, any odd: ihat]a bookmaker likes to offer, my wonder is th.- itthercar not more. Thia class of bookmaker is general! ly a quiet inoffensive sort of person, who does not appec ir to pus! his trade much, but if you watch him, you wi II see tbs he does a rare business, and has a regular set tif cu stom era, who seek him out. If you osk him what he w ill I»! against anything, ho will either bo full or have a li'1' left which you can have at about generally two -or thrt points leas than you can get from the other olase ; and i is only when ho Jins not got quite round, that y ou bes hts voice or get a real good price from, him, ll owcrer with nil his failings, he is a sure murki, and. you Ter seldom hoar of this class going to tho bp.d. As long as tho supply of booktnakevs does, -not oicee tho demand, tho first is the predominant -class j pu when, to uso tho scriptural simile in the Autlralasm tho cugles gather too quickly round the corctuf, thc comes cluss the second. Then the competition for fiT and tenners, ponies and monkeys, becomes indocd, aud loud is tho clamour and eli-outing »* 'Jí outbid oaoh other. This bo oktnakor will 1 sy against tu favourite while ho has a red cent, that ono' wul WV' everything bar ono, while a third, like a gb oui, go" u living ontiroly out of " àead uns," as horse « *1 . ,i ghost of a chance, or not intended, nro ea Ikd 10 '. elegant phraseology of the ring. This is thi 1, "if3 on: make those nstoutshing piles of money an ,d leviutbians, if their luok and their judgment at '* Ff _¡ a fow ycarB. On tho other hand, this is tho ' ,¡, BomotimcB catch it fearfully hot, and furnish tl psrtof »ho defaulters, for "pots" do not always "boil over," ond " doad uns " sometimes oomo to lifo whon least expeotod. A horse ns " lamo as a cat " will sud- denly for onco ho ss " sound as a bell ¡ " or a horso may pct his head, and tho lad may not,ho strong enough to do tho "rope trick." As faros regards "milking," I consider that bookmakers oro not nearly so guilty in this respect as tho owners of the horses, who keep them in the race to tho last minuto, although they have intended for months not to start thom, nnd have been going halves in tho money they havo extracted from the too confiding publio, through the agency of tho bookmakers. Turning from bookmakers in gone rn I to colonial book- makers in particular, I must say that all I have seen have sppeared to bo strictly honourable men, with only one fault, and that is, that their prices aro of tho shortest j but for that I blame the public, who, if thoy hnve n funcy, will back it, no matter how small a price is offered, and go quite wild at tho thought of 500 to 5 in a treble event. Did ever anyone pull off a treble event at the price ? I never knew anyone lucky onough. But as there ia no longer prico tojbo got hore, I hope that it may | ."T<> J»r bannen to vour obedient serrant 1 J FALCON. 