INDUCTION OF THE REV. WILLIAM CHAUCER, WOLLONGONG. Tho induction of the Rev. William Chaucer, formerly of tho Lower Hunter, to the pastoral charge of the Presbyterian Church, Wollongong, of which tho late pastor, the Rev. Willinm Mitchell, died about a year ago, took place, by appointment of the Pesbytery of Illawarra, in the Church at Wollongong, at 11 o'clock on Thursday, the 31st ultimo. Tho vacancy had been supported for a time by the presbytery, but the members of the congregation having expressed their dosire to the Church Extension Committeo of the General Assembly that tho Hov. Mr. Chaucer should bo np poin'cd to labour in tho distriot till tho meeting of tho' Assembly in Octobor last, this nppoiatmont has resulted , in a harmonious call to Mr. Ohnucorto undertnko tho astoral clmrgo of tho congregation ; which, it appears, as ia tho menntimo pledged itself lo contribute for his maintenance in that capacity tho minimum stipend or salary required by tho General Assembly for tho sottlo montof a minister, viz., £200 a year, and a manso or minister's dwelling. Tho presiding minister on tho occasion was tho Rev. John Kinross, of Kiama, who, after praiso and prayer, | and tho reading of n portion of Scripture, preached an i appropriate and impressiro discourse from the text I " Wo preach Christ, and Him crucified," At tho oloso of j tho sermon, tho Hov, Patrick Fitzgerald, of Moruya occupied tho pulpit and proposod to Mr, Chaucor tho questions proscribed by tho Presbyterian Ohuroh to bc pat at tho settlement of ministers. After certain of theso questions had been answered satisfactorily the congregation worn asked whether thoy adhered to tho call they bad gi von Mr. Chaucer, to which thoy answered unanimously ia tho affirraatira by standing up and holding up their right hnnils. Mr. Chaucer Was then asked whether he accepted the call whioh had ihns been given him ; to whioh, having replied in tho affirmative, and answered tho remaining questions satisfactorily, tho induction prayer was offered up by Mr, Fitzgerald. Mr. Kinross then rosuraad his placo ia the pulpit nud addressed a faithful and solemn charge to tho inducted ministor, on tho gonoral obligations of his oflico, his manner of lifo, and his duty to h¡B people At the conclusion of Mr Kinross' oharge to the minister tho Eov. Dr. Lang, who was present morely as a corresponding member of the Presbytery, addressed tho congregation in a short but solemn admonition, impressing upon them their duty to God, as professed Christians, to Ihcir pastor as pledged for his support in tho exerciso of his ministry, and to ono another. Tho service, which was a very impressive one throughout, was then closed with tho doxology and tho apostolic benediction, about half-past 1 o'clock. BoiitEE AT THE SCHOOL OP Ams rs TTIE EVENINO. A soireo and tea meeting were held in honour of Mr. Obaucor's induction, at tho School of Arts, Wollongong, nt 7 in tho evening, under the presidency of W. W. Wilshire, Esq., the Worshipful tho Mayor. Tho hall, which is largo and commodious, was quito filled with tho audienco, thora being upwards of. thrco hundred persons presont ; and tho proceedings wera conducted throughout with great spirit, and with perfect pro- priety. After tea had boen servod tho Mayor commenced tho businessof thoovonim; witha few appropriate and spirited observations; expressing tho gratification it afforded him to find that the Presbyterians of tba district had now had an occeptablo minister settled over them, and hoping and trusting that they would experionco great success in their undertaking, both temporally and spiritually, and that-their church would under tho pastorship of tho Rev., \V. Chaucer, tho minister who had that day boon solemnly inductod as their spiritual guido, npprovo itself a worthy representativo of tho venonblo church of their fathers iu the famous land of tho mountain and tho flood. Tho choir, who had very kindly volunteered their services on tho occasion, thoa sang, with great tasia and effect, the well known anthem " now beautiful upon tho mountains," tho singing hoing accompa- nied by ono of tho young ladies presont, on tho harmo- nium. Tho Cu AI MON thon introduced to the meeting, in complimentary terms, tho Rev. Dr. Ling, from Sydney, who was cordially receivad, and who spoke to tho fol- lowing fffi'ct: - Mr. Chairman and Ladios and Gentlemen,-As tho Worshipful tho Mayor has just reminded you that this larito and most respectable mooting is hold in honour of tho ovent that has this day taken place-I moan tho in- duction of a ministerio tho pastoral ohargo of tho Presby- terian Church and congregation in this district-and as that annonncoment has bean most appropriately fol- lowed up by tho choir in the sentiment cmbodiod in tho beautiful anthem to whioh wshavoall been listening with tho greatest pleasure, I presumo it will not bo inappropriate or out of placo for mo to give you a short «ketch of tho origin and history of the Presbyterian Church generally, as it stands, contrasted with certain other portions of tho Protestant communion. For example, wo havo no class of ministers in tho Presbyterian Church, distinguished from the rost by their rank and office, and designated bishops- not becauso wo consider ourselves ministers of an inferior grado to thoso who aro thus designated, but becauso we consider ourselvos all bishops ; maintaining, as I shall show you wo do ou tho highest authority, that overy ministor of tho Gospel who is at all fit for his ofiico is equal ia rank and dignity to o ny other, whether that other bs called bUhsp or no. (Great cheering ) And what authority havo we for this view of eur office and position ? Why, as I havo just stated, tho very highest imaginable For you will doubtless recollect that whan tho mother of Zobidoo's children came to Jesus with her two sons, desiring that the ono of them should bo seated on his right band and tho other on his left (that is, that they should bo archbishops or metropolitans) iu his kingdom, did ho grant their request or pledge himsolf to do so ? By no means ; and when the other apostles wera moved with indignation against tho two brethren, our blessed Lord was ploaeod to lay down this rule or law for the future government of bis ohurch : " Ye know that tho princes of tho Gentiles oiBrciso dominion, over thom, and they that aro groat oxoroiso authority upon them" -that is in tho civil governments of tho world theroare gradations of rank and office ; " but it shall not bo so among you : but whosoover will bo groat among you, lot him bo your minister; and whoso- ever will be chief among you, lot him bo your servant." And whereas it is alleged that tho words bishop and presbyter, or older, in tb.6 Now Testament, desígnalo two different ranks and offices, it is evident from tho Aots of tho Apostles that they aro porfce'ly identical, and that there is no difference between thom. For when tho apostle Paul, whon drivea by a riot from tho city of Ephesus, in which ho had for soma time pre- vious been exorcising his ministry, had gono to Miletus, the soaport town of Ephesus, wo aro told that from Miletus bs sent to Ephesus, and callod tho older* or prcsbytors of tho Church. And in bis solemn cliargo to theso elders, ho says-"Take heed unto your solvcs and to nil tho flock, over tho which tho Holy Ghost hath mado you overseors." Now tho word which is boro translated, " oversoers," is in tho original, bishops; hot that turncoat Presbyterian, King JamoB tho First of England, and Sixth of Scotland, whoso folly and tyranny brought his son to tho scaffold, and sent bis grandson on his travels to France, having determined to forco opiscopaoy upon theun willing Scopie of his nativo land, obliged tho translator of tho ¡bia to leava otit the word bishops, and to substituto overseers in its place, that tho people of Scotland might not have their oyes opened to his own iniquitous pro- cedure. It is ovidont, therefore, that tho presbytors cr olders of tho primitive and apostolic church were all I ?bishops. And this is not tho opinion merely of Pres j byterians, you will observe, for one of the ablest scholars of tho Church oE England, tho Uov, Dr. j Hoary Alford, tho present Doon of Canterbury, who j has published eaveral very learned works on tho oriti- I cisnj of tho Now Testament, declares, again and again in thooe works, that tho words presbyter, or oidor, and bishop wera words of preoisoly tho samo meaning, and were applied indiscriminately to tho samo persons in tho primitivo and apostolia church. Wo have a ro- | markable confirmation of tho correctness of this view j of tho Christian ministry in tho primitive ohuroh in I tho history of tho Roman provinco of Africa ¡ri tho j fourth century ef our ora. Tho historian Gibbon, himself an infidel, tells us that tho population of- that province was.then seven millions, 'much tbo same ns I that of Ireland immediately before tho famine of 18J8 ; aud of theso aoven millions only one- half wera Christians, tho rest being heathens or pagans. Now, thora huppencd lo bo a disruption in tho Ohuroh of Africa, which had previously heon a remarkably woll orgauised ohurch of tho primitivo times, about that pcrioJ, just as thoro was in tho Church of Scotland ruoru thau twenty years ago ; and just as happonod in Scotland on that occasion, not fower thou four hundred of thu African bishops, or about ono-half of tho whole number wont out or seceded fram tho rest In short, for a population of throo millions and a half of Chrit» tions in Africa, (hero wore not forcer than eijjht hundred bishops. What oise, then, could theso eight hundred African bishops ba (han Presbyterian ! minis'ors, undor a di flo rent nama ? It U I perfectly e»jy to aocount for tha way in which diocesan opiacopaoy, aa it ia called-that ¡6 tho govern' ment of tho ohuroh by bishops, aa lords over God's horitngo-becamo generally and almost universally pre- valent in tho Christian Ohuroh, notwithstanding the oxpross prohibition of Ohrist and tho very diffttront practice of his apostle* at a time when printing was un- known, and fow even of professed Christians could read When a zealoiiB and apostolic ministot in such circum- stances settled in somo considerable city of th-) Roman ompiro, and was honoured and blessed hy the Spirit of God. to convert a number of its heathen inhabitants to tho Christian faith, tho first thing ho did, after organ- izing a Christian ohuroh in that city was lo select, from among his converts, fit and proper parsons to proaeh tho everlasting gospel in the surrounding towns and villages. Now it was perfectly natural forsuoh persons, who were styled iu tho lauguago of tho day " country bishops," to look up with great de'erence and respect to thair spiritual fathers ia tho neighbouring oity, and to bo uuidod by his counsel and direction in nil that rolatodtotho organization of the Christian Ohoroh. Rut in process of limo when men of a diflbront Btnmp got into tho chief places of tho Christian Church, as they did unfortunatoly at a very early period, that which had boen willingly yielded as a mark of deferenco and respect came to be demanded as a ri«ht by ambitious men ; and hones there were " lords many," in tho form of bishops in overy considerable town or city of tho Roman empire. And when this principio was onco admitted, in allow- ing the loading ministers of tho principal cities or towns to exercise lordship over the surrounding olorgy, the transition to archbishops or metropolitans, and finally to tho Bishop of Rame, tho capitol of tho empire, as universal bishop or Popo, was natural and onay. In tho words of ono of tho oldest of our eccle- siastical historians, tho Christian Church was a puro virgin during the I i vos of tho apostles, and till tho reign of tho Emperor Trajan, about tho end of tho first century ; but after that period all manner of corruptions flowed into it. You aro all doubtless aware that for up- wards of a thousand years, in what aro called "tho dark oges," tho Christian Church experienced a (treat falling away or apostasy from thc truo and primitivo faith ; and the apostle Paul tolls us that " tho mystery of iniquity,'' as he calls it, which was at longth to bo davelopod into this great apostasy, was already working in his own timo. Wow, Presbyterians ore generally, I might almost say, universally, of opinion that this mystery of iniquity, which was already working in tho days of tho apostles, and which was at length developed into that great apostasy, from which a largo portion of tho Christian Church was at length happily delivered at tho ora of our glorious Reformation, was nothing oise than their hierarchical principio, this love of pre- eminence and power on tho part of tho loading clergy - so directly opposed as it was to tba express command of our Redeemer and to the practico of His apostles. Fer Ihero is nothing which the clergy of all communions love more than power.. (Strong expressions of assent.) And to counteract or keep in check this well known propensity of tho clergy, tho Presbyterian Church associates in the'govornment of tho Church, an equal number of tho laity or Christian people to sit and vote with the olergy in all matters of doctrine, discipline, and worship. In confirmation of what I have thus stated in regard to tho primitive an 1 opostolio consti- tution of tho Christian Ohuroh, it is a'remarkable fact that wherever the Reformation got into tho hands and management of kings and princes, as in F.ngland, under Henry tho Eighth, it uniformly took tho hierarchical form, and reestablished the bishops and archbishops of tho old or Papal regime, But wherever tho Refor- mation got imo the hands and management of tho elerey and people, as in i-'cotland, In Franco, in Switzer^ land, in Holland, and Hungary, &a;, it uniformly took the Presbyterian form ; insomuch that although wa Presbyterians are comparatively few in number in this colony, in comparison with the Church of England, tho members of our communion both in Europe and in America sra considerably more numerous than any other section of tho Protestant Ohurch. Besides, in thoso days of suffering and sorrow that succ.cdod the lloformotion, when Protestants wero subjootcd to tine and imprisonment, to confiscation of goods, to exile, to torture and martyrdom, for tho Word of God and the testimony af Jesus, the Presbyterian Church, in tho mother country and on the continent of Europe, can point to a larger number of martyrs in her com- munion than all tho other sections of tba Protestant Church put together. No wonder then that Pres- byterians generally, and more especially Scotch Pres- byterians, should regard with peauliar affection, with peculiar veneration, the hallowed institutions af their mother church and their fatherland. For a hundred years the infamous government of tho Stuarts attempted, out in vain, to fore« the system of diocesan episcopacy upon the people of Scotland ; and one of tho latent and ablest historians of England, Mr. Frond, trices in no small degrco to tho noble strugglo which our Scottish forefathers thus maintained, so long and so success- fully, undor na unprincipled aud persecuting govern- ment, tho civil and religious liberty which, as tho British nation, we now enjoy. How then can wo, Scotsmen and Presbyterians, cease to oberish with tho fondest affection the ohurch of our fathers-that church whoso foundations wero laid in troublous tim with tho blood of so many martyrs Î How eon we fail to say of hor as the Jewish captives in Babylon said af Jerusalem - " If wo forget thee, 0, Jerusalem, let our right hand forgot hor cunning, and our tongue oleavo to tho roof our mouth I'' Mr Mayor, and Christian friends, I cannot hiing tbis address to a closo without 'expressing tho great gratification I havo experienced at witnessing tho rapid and progressive improvement of this promising town and district, under thc auspices and exertions of its municipal corporation. Knowing it personally, os I havo dono, for npwatds of thirty years, I havo always taken a deep interest in its wo)faro and advancement. Considering its vast nnd various resources, especially its inexhaustible mines of coal, I feel confidont that it will ono day, and at no distant day, be tho seat of a numerous population, and a great centrepoint of manufacturing industry for Aus- tralia. Dr, Lang was repeatedly cheered in the course of his address, and resumed bin seat amid the loud and long continued plaudits of his audience. Wo are sorry it is not in our power to rcproduco tho short but appropriate and pithy speeches of tho Rev, Mr. Chaucer, and of 0. T. Smith, Esq., the vcaorablo patriarch of the Illawarra district, who reminded tho meeting that it was ho, and not the Government, os was generally supposed, who had given tba Presbyterians of Wollongong tho sito for their church-a churoh with a steeple, no added, a rare case in Auatrn'ii, Votes of thanks wero then given iucoessively, by acclamation, to tho Worshipful the Mayor who had firesided at tho meeting; to tho quoir who had en ivoned it with various beautiful picots of music, which wero porformod with great taste and ability ; to the ladies who had superintended tho arrangements for tho meeting ; and C. T. Smith, Esq., the patriarch of Illawarra. The meeting, which seemed to have given unrainglcd pleasure to all presont, was thea brought to a closo a littlo beforo 10 o'clock. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.-Joseph Baines, butchor, 147 Campbcll'Btrcet, Surry Hills, attempted to commit suicide on Saturday, about half-past 12 o'clock, by cut- ting his throat, ila has been suffering from typhus fever for somo time, and is undor the caro of Pr. Lander, who, a fortnight ago, ordered that ho should bo closely watched, us ho was in such a stats that ho might at any timo attompt to destroy himself. ASHFIELD SCHOOL BAZAAR.-This bazaar, which is a continuance of tho ono hold at Ashfield recently, with a view to obtain additional support to tho sahool fund ot that delightful district, was held in tho Tem- poránea Hall on Saturday ovening, and will bongaiu open at d o'clock this afternoon. There ie a cheerful hand of music in attendance, and a miscellaneous assortment of fancy goods, wool work, pictures, dolls, and beautiful ornaments for tho parlour or drawing room, nt exceedingly low prices. The fair vendors aro very assiduous ia pointing out to tho visitor a number j of protty nick naoits which conduce so materially to tho ! pleasing comforts of home, and, as the object ia praise- worthy, wo hopo tho promoters of tho bazaar will bo rewarded by an extensive salo of their commodities. The following free selections were taken up at the Albury Land Office on Thursday:—James Seymore, 320 acres at Cumberoona; Alfred Waite, 320 acres at Bowna; Oliver Waite, 207 acres at Bowna; Edwin Jephcott, 160 acres at Ourane; Johanne L. Briese, of Adelaide, 320 acres at Jindera; Christian Graske, of Adelaide, 150 acres at Jindera; Martin Martuschka, of Adelaide,120 acres at Gerogery; Adolph H. F. Kohn, of Adelaide, 200 acres at Huon; Johan C. Mangelsdorf, of Adelaide, 320 acres at Huon; Martin Kloos, of Adelaide, 220 acres at Gerogery; Christian Mangels- dorf, of Adelaide, 320 acres at Jindera; August F . Heppner, of Adelaide, 320 acres at Gerogery. This gives a total of 5838 acres from the 17th instant— Border Post. 