THE PRorosED TUNNEL enoM ENGLAND TO FRA.TOE.-One of the grandest projects of the age isthat for a tunnel to connect Eng land and France. There is no certainty yet that the work will ever be commenced, but it is urged as a practicable and profitablo speoulationby many eminent engineers and financiers. Careful surveys have been made, and plans published, so that whenever capi talists announce themselves ready to sub scribe a sufficient sum the work can be com menced without delay. The project may appear chimerical at first sight; but in a year that has witnessed the success of the Atlantis telegraph, who shall venture to denounce a scheme as impracticable merely because it will require much money and labour for its completion? The English Channel, at the narrowest point, is twenty miles wide. The depth of the water varies from forty to two hundred feet. The shallowest place is on a bank about midway between Eastware and Cape Grinez, the two projected termini. Mr. Thome, a French engineer, who has published a plan for a tunnel, proposes to make a coffer dam at this shallow place, and fill in around it with earth and stone, and thus establish a permanent island in the middle of the strait. At two other points he would make similar islands. Through these he would sink shafts down, for the purpose of working in each direction to hasten the completion of the tunnel, and of giving ventilation to it after completion. The tunnel should be made circular in form, twenty-nine feet in diameter, arched in above and below with stone. A sewer would be built at the bot tom, and then about six feet would be filled in, so as to make a flat floor wide. enough for a double-track railroad. The depth of the tunnel below the surface of the water would be three hundred or four hundred feet. The material to be tunneled through is an indurated clay, which is almost imper vious to water. This is an age that believes in and applauds scientific and industrial miracles. Let us hope that we shall live to applaud the completion of this tunnel. A FEMALE HIGonwAY RonEn.-A short time ago a brutal robbery was committed upon an elderly gentleman named Levi, living at Greenford-road, Dalston. Mr. Levi is a wholesale jeweller, having his place of business in the city. On tihe night in question Mr. Levi came from town by the North London Railway, and had pro ceeded as far as the Graham-road, a secluded spot not far from the station, when some woman came up and spoke to him. He tried all he could to get away from her, but was immediately seized from behind round the neck by a man, and squeezed very tightly. He was then struck and thrown down, and while held upon the ground by the man the woman stole from him a bag containing nine gold wedding-rings, some shirt-studs, and some memoranda, and also his watch-an engine-turned silver double bottomed hunter. They then ran off, and he tried to get home, but he fell on his way from faintness. He has not yet recovered from the shock. On Friday evening, between ten and eleven o'clock, two consta bles brought in a woman charged with a similar robbery from Mr. Christie, of the Kingeland-gate bazaar, a jeweller. He stated that he was taking home some rings which hlie had to repair to a gentleman's house in the Lansdowne-road, near Mr. Levi's, when the woman came up to him, Shaving two men with her, seized hold of him and with much violence stole from his .cichet a bag containing the rings. The police being near at the time, took her, with the rings in her possession, but the men escaped. The instant that Inspector Langdon saw her lie charged her with having robbed Mr. Levi, and she did not deny it. She gave her name as Agnes Morris, of no home. Mr. Levi was then sent for, and three other women were placed near Morris. Mr. Levi's eye at once fell upon her; but he said he should not like to swear to her, as he was so frightened at the time. The police have a full knowledge of her. She forms one of a gang of highway robbers who have committed several rob beries with violence in this neighbourhood. -Atlas. A lunatic stole a locomotive with steam up at Centralia, Illinois, one day last week, and ran it off down the track at a feoarful rate of speed. The fireman and a breaks man were asleep on board the engine when it started, and after a desporate strugglo with the maniac secured him in time to proe vent serious accident.-Boston Advertiser. In Verona, a few yoears back, Zampi, a Guribaldian, and tn Austrian otfficer quar rolled about politics in a cafo ; the Austrian drew his sword, and the Garibaldian, ?eiz ing a piceo of furniture, struck the Austrian a fitchal blow. Several Austrian stoldiers then riushed in, a general fight etted, iZampii nud two innocont plerson woreo killed, and about twenty others wounded, The boiler of a locomotive exploded at the bridge of Kafres-Zaiat, on the Nile, a short time ago, and seven persons were killed and nimany wounded. An English faunily were also drowned from a boat on the Nile in which they were cruising. The body of one at least of the drowned was afterwards shockingly mutilated by the Arabs, for the sake of gold ornaments. At Bathampton, near Bath, the rustics declared that they had repeatedly seen in the churchyard the ghost of their recently deceased pastor. The police were at length set to watch, and arrested-a large white owl. INCIDENT AT THE ]3ATIIs or ATAbrr, JAPrAN.-An amusing incident, strongly illustrative of the Japanese character, took place at those baths a week or two ago. It appears that the French minister had taken up his quarters among the hills, a mile or two from Atami, and was in the habit of having the water brought to him from tho spring, day by day. The villago Yakonins. of course, soon thought they saw a fine opportunity for a " squeeze; " so, as soon as M. Rloehes had fairly established his .menage, they proposed to him the modest sum of thirty boos per diem as compensation for the labour of bringing him his diurnal baths. This was, of course, resisted. His Excellency, knowing very well tIhe price of coolio hire, said that he did not mind three boos a day, which was about twice the pro per tariff, but thirty boos he would not pay. The officials-applying the groat economic law of demand and supply in a novel way viz., holding the supply, thinking that they could demand what they chose-persisted. Then the minister threatened to write to their superiors in Yodo, and bring them to condign punishment, but still they would not give in. Thus stood matters when tihe Magenta passing rather close by, saw the French flag flying, and dropped anchor in the bay. This was a pleasant distraction for an invalid minister, and H. Roches in vited the officers up to his house. Next morning, on his returning their visit on board the corvette, the usual saluto was fired; fired with most unexpected effect Dire was the consternation in Atami-all thought a bombardment had commenced, and that the place was given up to destrue tion-for squeezing a minister. "The fisher left his skiff to rock" wherever it happened to be at the moment, the cabinetmaker dropped his tools, and the Yaconins the abacus on which they were calculating their ill gotten gains. All the able- bodied men in Atami fled up into the hills; the women, children, and household goods, were rapidly thrust into hiding places of safety, and none but bed- ridden cripples were left in Atami when the minister returned to tiffin. In due course the Yaconins presented them solves, it is said, in sackcloth and ashes, pleading hard for their lives, offering ex change for building villa residences, buying horses, &e.;, at five boos for the dollar, and daily hundreds of gallons of highly sul phuretted water considerably below cost price. A convention and tariff were, after due deliberation, arranged; the people wore persuaded with great difficulty to return to their homes, which they found, much to their astonishment, in statc quo, and in about six-and- thirty hours tranquility was restored. And so the bombardment of Atami has become an historical fact.-Japan Times. SroicrNxo STATE OF A DEN OF TINKERS. On Wednesday evening a very sad accident occurred at the South Head. For some years back several tinker families have located themselves in tihe caves at both sides of the bay, and in close proximity to the sea. Two of the lhabituds of the Cove at the South Head, Duncan Maccafie and his wife Rebecca were returning from Wick about half-past ten, and there being a heavy surf rolling along the shore, access to the Covo being obtained by passing a jutting corner near the sea, Rebecca was struck by a huge wave and carried off in an instant. In the moonlight she was seen once; but nothing could be done to save the poor creature, who almost instantly disappeared under the surge. She was within a few days of her confinement. The body has not been found. On proceeding next morning to the Cove the authorities found men and women, fathers and mothers of families, lads, girls and little children living in a con dition defying description. Some of them, even the eldest, were lying on the ground in a state of complete nudity, and seemed to feel no shame in being discovered in that condition. Only one woman appeared to be rather ashamed ; but the others sat up and conversed as if they had been decently clad or covered in their beds. Such a state of things is most appalling. These wretched creatures are actually expending hundreds of pounds every year in drink, which they get at every corner,, and yet neither they nor their children have the benefit of roof, nor can afford, whoen lying in these miserable dens and caves, as much clothing as is even decent, not to say comfortablo.-Northern Ensign. CHunRcC AND STATE.-A curious circum stance recently occurred in Bogota, showing how the church and state clash with eachi other. A person named Antonio Caballero some time since purchased at a government sale a small house belonging to the maneso tnuertos or church property, taken possession of by the government. Soon afterwards Caballero became dangerously ill and sent for the curato to confess him, which the latter refused unless the property were returned to the church. The dying man then complained to tIe archbishop of the conduct of the curate and other clergy who hnad refused him the rights of the church; but tie archbishop only confirmed the act of tie curate, and as Caballero refused to give up the property, it being all he had to leave hits wife and children, le was allowed to die without the benefit of the clergy. 