THE ORANGE SOCIETY. (Fiomthe Chronicle.) The pacific attitude v inch the Orange Society has this year assumed is not less worthy of note than the actions by which it has signalised itself in former seasons. This abstinence from acts of violence is due neither to a marked diminution of vitality in the brotherhood, nor to any pecu liar absence of stimulating causes. If it were owing to either its significance would be lost. Instead of having largely decreased in numbers, the Orange Society has held its ground strongly enough, when we take into consideration the great decrease of the population, even in that province in which alone the bociuty has any strength — the province of Ulster. And far from allowing its spirit to be mitigated, the leaders and patrons of the association appear to have lost no occasion of which they could avail them selves to keep it in a state of irritation and sullen discontent. Those, therefore, who would desire to know why we have peace in the North ol: Ireland this year muBt seek the reason in. other causes. :' On examining the causes which may have sug gested such a csurse in the present year, we shall not only find the reason for the fact itsolt, but in that reason we shall discover a clue to cue persistent vitality of such an' anachronism as this confederation. J he advice to keep .'quiet; has been given because the Tories are' in -powvj.r, and any disturbance on the part oE its members would be calculated to give embarrassment to their influential friends. Were parties otherwise placed in Parliament, there is every reason to doubt whether the counsel, even if formally given to save appearances, would be really and earnestly pressed upon the attention of the sub ject mass. The Orange Society is now, as a matter of fact, a political body, to be reined up and kept harmless when its friends are in office ; but when they are out its leash is slipped, and it is left free to do what service it may. To do it justice it has always shown itself ready for such emergencies, and rarely allowed an oppor tunity to escape of embarrassing the hands of the Irish Government when Whigs or Liberals happened to hold the reins of office. From this point of view it may be regarded as a precursor in the Tory interest of Reform Leagues, but far exceeding any of them in vehemence, and in its choice of weapons preferring those of late adopted by the Trades' Unionists of Sheffield. It has kept the province* singularly free from Liberal contamination in its representaive man, and this against considerable odds. For, al though loose writers occasionally refer to ' Pro testant Ulster,' the fact is that in this province, as in the others, the Catholics are in a majority. However, they are only emerging,' strenuously but slowly, from their position as a vanquished and subject race born to be trampled on. In the struggle for existence and freedom they have had everything against them. The loamy plains and rich valleys were taken from them and given to alien settlers ; but they toiled and saved till they fertilised the mountain glens into which they were driven, and even succeeded in buying back some of their old possessions in the more favoured lowlands. They were first kept out of the towns, and even in recent days non9 would receive their children as apprentices ; bnt they gradually established themselves in the Dut skirts and suburbs, and steadily worked their way up to wealth and influence. Permission to worship God and to educate themselves was re fused them. Nevertheless they offered their illegal devotions in groves and glens, with some peasant sentries posted on the neighbouring heights to give warning of the approach of the officers of the law ; and similar sentinels kept watch and ward over the schools, which they held behing a hedge, under' the direction of out-lawed masters, until now they have their catherals and their colleges. In time they became farmers and manufacturers, and sometimes owners of estates — some of them men of education and members of the learned profession. But in all their struggler they had the compact ranks of an Orange magistracy to confront, and although there has been some change for the better, the landed magistracy remains essentially the same as it was, although leavened by a few stipendary justices. Whilst the Catholics, therefore, are still to a great ex tent in the bunds of landlords and magistrates of hostile principles, they cannot be expected to risk their ruin in voting for Liberal members. Besides, their Tory landlords may act in reality as honestly by them as any legal adventurer desirous of place and promotion might promise to do, if returned in the Liberal interest j and unfortunately the Irish Liberal constituencies have too frequently learned that Ministers con sider it more easy to honour their members than to do justice to their cause. Thus the Catholics have no exceeding reason to become Liberals except what is given them by the existence of the Orange Society and its actious and influence. Considering, on the other hand, that Presbyterian Scotland is politically Liberal, it would be natural to expect that in Ulster the Presbyterians would show themselves thoroughl y disposed to make a fight, if they only had the X^ower. That, however, would be to misjudge them. They number in Ulster over 'half -a- mil-1' Jion, and surpass the members of the Established Church by more than a, hundred thousand ; yet a Presbyterian paper complains that they, have not returned a single member of their creed, ex cept one who votes against .any concession being made to it. The fact ia curious, but it is not unac cou.itable. The belief of the establish meut is regarded by the Dissenter:) who grow wealthy as more respectable and fashionable, and accord ingly they frequently desert their own commu nity fer it. This tends to make them Conserva tives, v however Liberal they may have been before ; for the adherents of the Established Church in Ireland are obliged to remain gene rally of that political party so long as the Irish Establishment endures as it ia. The Orange Society gathers up the democratic remnant, and whenever there is danger of Presbyterians and Catholics leaguing together to return a Wbigpish Presbyterian, they raised the Orange banner, and bringing out fife and drum, stir up the an cient animosities, even to the shedding of blood, so that the new candidate finds himself quickly deserted by a crowd of his own fellow-bolievera Fatalism.— The unwieldy, old-fashioned an chor dropped, with a dull splash, in the oily looking water, and the coils of the rough hair cable disappeared rapidly over the bow. Several pilgrims stood around, and intently gazed, with varied feelings, on the land of their distant adora tion, when my friend Yusutf', lost in contetnpla iiiuu, [jiiiceu. i* iuoii wibuui iiim uuuu, aim was im mediately carried overboard. 'Bistnillah !' c Ivliis raut !' and geveral other ready expressions were shouted out, by the devout followers ot the Prophet, as they leaned over the low bulwarks of the ahip, watching, with unchanged counten ances, the drowning man. ? He must have been a Sheitan ki Bata !' said one ' He is gone to Johannum !' said another. 'Wo shall have cooler weather now ! said a third, provoking an audible grin around him, while the poor man, struggling for a few moments on the surface, sank, with an imploring look, beneath tlio heav ing wave. ' Yusuff ! I Allah !' cried out a strong voice, as at that moment a man rushed amidst the careless throng ; in the next he had plunged headlong into the sea, just as his friend was rising to the surface ; to seize hiui with one hand, and the now quiet cable with the other, was the work of a moment. ' Wall ! wall ! God is groat ! and Mahomed is His prophet. He will be a Hadji yet !— his sins are washed off «' cried out the astonished spectators. A boat coming up, Yusuff was taken into it, wile his friend and preserver, Hassan, climbing up by tha cable, shook out his wet garments on deck, sur rounded by the crowd of pilgrims, some express, ing their admiration at his 'courage, some their astonishment at his venturing to interfere with fate, awd all gathering together their worldly goods, intent on performing their pil«rimao-e to Mecca. — Lost Links iu the Indian Mutiny. ° Rats.— I lived in an eld Court or G ranee, or Mansion house, in the county of Bucks, hari by a place which I will call Stueknpton park. We had a lake in front of our house, which hous» was about six hundred years old— at least there was a legend of its having, been rebuilt by Edward tho Second ; and there were threa different species of rats on -the premises, included in the rent. I was quite a compound house, holder. We had a great hall, beamed with Spanish chestnut, and pannelled with right Eng. lish oak ; and behind this pannelling, and above these beams, there continually raced lesions o£ some huge four-footed creatures, which we were given to understand were rats. 'Ye noise of them,' 1 read in a description of the house in the State of England for 1683, ' is like unto that of a troop of horse, and has oftimes been taken for ghosts.' How these rats had managed to exist for the last six centuries, unless they were fond of a ligneous diet, and devoured splinterg from the inside pannelling, I am sure 1 d.m't know. Every crevice was stopped up, ami not one of these Adullamites was ever seen abroad Perhaps they ate one another, as men do. The second order of rats were the ordinary, merry furtile little gray fellows, picking and stealing for their daily livelihood, but not doing any appreciable harm. Our head cat, Ganger, kept these rogues in pretty good order, and weeded the population in such a manner as would have brought tears of gratitude to the eyes of the late Mr. Malthus. The third tribe of rats were the water ones, who lived in the banks of the lake They were enormous. We lighted on the larder of one of these 'waterside characters,' and what do you think we found in Rogue Rider hood's cupboard? No less than seven young ducks ! There was another freshwater pirate of great age, and with huge white mustajbe/ who was underhung in the jaw like a shark! We used to call him Blucher ; for when lie came out of his mud den, and sat on the branch of a tree overshadowing the water, he irresistibly reminded you of the Prussian cTield-AJarshal surveying London from the top of St. Paul's and murmuring, 'Mein Gott ! vot a city for to sack !' We could do nothing with the Field Marshal. The cats all shunned him, and the dogs too ; and I was afraid, every time we took an airing on the lake, that he would stave in the bottom of our boat with his sharp no3e, and sink U3. I was compelled at last to write my landlord ; and he sent a man with a gun who shot Blucher as he sat upon the branch.— ' Letters from Lilliput' in Belgravia. Injurious Bathing.— 'Sanitas' writing to the Medical Press and Circular refers to the folly of persons plunging into a bath after a full meal, thus risking sudlea death from congestion or some other fatal mischief. Numbers who escape such calamity are sufferers for their imprudent mode of immersion — shiverings head-aches, and other symptons often succeeding, but their true cause rarely suspected. He then suggests that notices should be placed up in appropriate places requesting no person will bathe within two hours of a meal ; and suggesting the desira bility of all persons consulting their medical ad visers before taking a bathe as to the need or benefit of doing so. ? , A Sacred Cow. — If, however, the residence of the Rajah of Mysore is unlike all pre-couceived ideas of a palace outside, it is still less so inside. As we dismounted from the carriages, wa found ourselves in a species of badly-lighted and ill ventilated stable, two small cows being littered down in the entrance hall. Mounting the dark stone steps, avid stumbling as we went a flight of pigeons came flying down from an upper story right in our faues. On the first landing we encountered another cow and more litter, until I almost expected to find the Rajah himself seated on a dunghill for a chair of state. In the antechamber to the reception-room, we saw a cow that I could noc quarrell with, however inappropriate her position appeared to European taste. She was. the R.ijah's sacred cow, and was kept in a kind of dry tank auuk in the middle' of the room for her convenience. She was of the Brahmin breed, milk white, and not larger than a goat. The little wretch had gold bangles half way ud her lega. She was covered with a cloth of gold ; her hoofs were guilt, aftd her horns were tipped with the precious metal. I asked her attendant if she had ever calved ; and, to my surprise, no naia tnac sue naci aone st twice. I had thought she would have been held t'»o sacred ; but they want to preserve the breed. Thn man said that her calves were both alive, and that when born they were no larger than kids. Brahraiuee bulls of. the size of this cow are very common, and are not of much value ; it is a usual'jthing to see them dragging about children's carriages in India, like the goats on Brighton Esplanade ; but so small a cow is a great rarity, and her unblentahed colour added to her worth. — 'Gup,' in '1 ample Bar. To view tho Paris Exhibition it is necessary to devote on aa average five minutes to the gla-« case of each exhibitor. These number, it ii stated 45.000 ; it would; therefore, take 225,000 minutes, making 3,750 hours, or 156 days 6 hours ; that ia 5 mouths 6 daya and 6 hours1,, reckoning 24 hours for each day. But as the interior of the palace can only be visited from ten o'clock in tho morning till aix in the evening there are only 8 hours at the visitor's disposal in stead of 24. One would, therefore, be occupied in the inspection IS months, 20 days, 2 hour3, supposing that ho entered the building- every day at teu o'clock, and did not leave until 6. From this calculation it is obvioua that it is by no means possible to examine the whole of tlift Exhibition, during the period of its duration. 