The Metropolitan Staeo. Deau Bell,— Tho managers of tho Royal seem desirous of emulating tho crab, and going backwards in their work of making tho thcatro not only a paying speculation, but also in bringing out plays to which tho abilities of tho company aro suited. Sinco the production of ' ' The Serf ' each member of tho combined management seems to bo anxious to indulgo in what Mr. Wcller calls hiB ' particklcr wanity,' irrespective of tho aptitude of tho surroundings, and oblivious of tho fact that tho public appetite is aweary of tho old round of pieces with which they havo been glutted for years. I was in hopes, when tho direction of tho Theatre Royal bo came constituted as it is at present, that the melancholy experience of past seasons would havo incited the lessees to striko out a new path for themselves, and abjure imperfect re presentations of great plays, in favour of what is novel, and at tho same timo suitiHn to tho talonts of tho performers. That tbo plays of Shakspcro aro beyond the capabilities of tho company is a stern and stubborn fact, and, therefore, why 'Hamlet' and ' Macboth' should be produced in a fourth or fifth-rate manner, when plenty of new dramas, which have met with tho greatest success in London, aro available, isonoof thoso innumerable enig matical strokes of policy which aro unknown except in this theatre. Miss Cleveland has had her fling at Hamlet Mr. Vincent at Macboth, and Mr. Stewart in tho 'Peep-o'- Day ;' wo only want now Messrs Bellair and Harwood as Othello and Iago, and Mr. Lambert as Shylock, to completo tho list of managerial eccentricities ; and then perhaps tho company will settle down to real legiti mato work, such au will not only add to tho exchequer, but also to tho roputation and TinYiitlrtMf \r nf t-\tfk fi^fiofa titnmaiiluna T to«T1 content myself with expressing a wish that the ghost of Shakspere did not ' roviuit tho glimpses of tho moon' when Macbeth was played on Monday night aud that Locko locked his insubstantial remains in his tomb, rather than listen to what was called his 'celebrated music.' No wonder people flock to tho ' Varieties,' for there they can hear music properly interpreted by competent singers. Not that I contend that tho ' Varie ties ' is so eligible a placo of amusement and instruction as tho 'Royal,' but when at the latter placet a grand work is pel formed in anything but a grand manner, it provokes comparisons with a minor place, m which whatever is dono is dono well. This might oasily bo tho coso at our leading theatre, if tho inordinate vanity of tho principals wero curbed, and their unquestionable talents diverted into a proper channel. The present company as a body aro unequal to tho higher class of dramatic performances, with which tho public havo been familiarised by witness ing far superior representations, and in a limited community like ours the samo people form tho regular audiences at our theatres, and as a matter nf course will not support performances which aro many degrees below' what they have been accustomed to see. To illustrato tho absurd raannor in which 'Mac- beth ' ia produced I need merely mention the banquet scene, in which the guests are represented feasting at two side tables, and the King and Queen are parcood on a^sort^of- dais: in. the centre;, wiicK i» scarccly large enough to accommodato'tho inevitablo two chairs. Hero they.nifc-in solitary grandour, quito isolated from the -rest not partaking of any of tho good choer themselves, but content with looking at tho 'others feeding. What, I ask, can bo more preposterous than this ? and yet tbo mana gera of the Theatre Royal aro men of ordinary common sense, aud I have no doubt, if they were 'amongst the audience, they would bo impressed with the absurdity of such a scene. .On' tho Btage,' howevcr,N common Bcnso seems to bo at a discount an^ tradi tionary usage, whether right or wrong, usurps its place. I was in hopes that tho management had sufficient discernment to avoid hasty and incomplete revivals of this nature, but they seem to be sliding back into the purposeless and indefinite course of action whicn proved so baneful to tho pre ceding lcS3ccship. To-night a spirited effort will bo made to hit tho public taste, by the production of Boucicault's last drama, ' Tho Flying Scud, or a Four- Legged For tune,' which, I hear, has been produced with great care and considerable expense. I hope its success will bo such as to justify the management in laying in a stock of novelties of this class, in preference to unearthing plays unsuited to the company and to the audiences. Tliat there is no lack of such dramas as this, ' a perusal of the London journals every month amply demonstrates ; and why wo should not havo the latest thing in dramas 03 well as in fashions, I am at a lsss to conceive. Depend upon 'it if tho Royal is. to bo kept open, it must bo by a constant stimulation of public curiosity, by the rapid production of a scries of good new plays, instead oE droning out tho old worn out stage libraries. Nothing fresh has transpired at tho Hay market, tho attraction of tho ' ' Green Bushes' being sufficient in itself. Au immense crowd assembled on Satnrday night at tho ' Varieties,' to see Professor Maxwell Brown's Sphinx illusion, which, however, did not seem to striko tho public with wonder. Tho fact is that tho modus operand! being tho samo as that for tho ' basket trick, tho greater portion of the audience saw how it was done, and tho effect waa not electrical. The Princess's has not yet issued its mani festo, and further than that Mr. and Mrs. Heir will bo amongst tho leading members of tho company, I know nothing. As tho Hay market ia advertised to be closed on the conclusion of Celeste's ? engagement, at Easter, tho lessee of the Princess a will have a good opening beforo him. Six monster concerts arc to be given in tho Exhibition-building under Mr. Horaley's direction, for the -benefit of our charitable institutions, which, I have no doubt will reap a substantial benefit therefrom. The gentlemen of tho Press who wero bo commendably desirous of perpetuating tho memory of poor Brooke, have at' length de cided to devoto the amount in hand (about £200) to the foundation of a Dramatic Col lego. Of course such a sum will not go very far in thogood work, but it is to be hoped that tho profession will put their own shoulderB to the wheel, and throw off the indifference which has characterised them throughout tho movement. The Press can certainly lay claim to tho initiation of so excellent an in Btitution, and it behoves thoso who aro most interested in its welfare to carry out what has been bo well begun by the representa tives of the Fourth Estate. CHARLES SURFACE. 