DRAPER MEMORIAL CHURCH. It has long been felt desirable and necessary that there should be a second AVesleyan chapel in South Adelaide, and accordingly it has been determined to erect one in Gilbert-street on the site of the old AVesleyan School, and the proposed building will bear the name of the Kev. D. J. Draper, who lost Jhis life by the foundering of the ship London on her voyage to Australia. It was arranged that the foundation stone of the edifice should be laid on Tuesday, October 15, and accordingly a large number of persons assembled to witness the ceremony. although the weather was rather wet and cold There was a good attendance of ministers of the Wesleyan Church, from the neighboring and country circuits. At 5 o'clock the proceedings commenced by singing a hymn_, after which the Rev. Mr. Flockart engaged iu prayer. A second hymn was then sung, and the Rev. A. Ri£g read the 132nd Psalm. The Rev. J. G. Millard theD stated that the bottla which would be desposited beneath the stone, contained a ^copy of the minutes of the Conference ; a copy of the South Australian Wcdeptai Magazine, with a copy of the Cir cuit plan ; also copies of two daily newspapers, and a parchment bearing the following words : ___^ ' The foundation-stone of this house, intended for the public ?worship of Almighty God after the forms and ceremonies of the AVesleyan Methodist Church, was laid byJohn Colton, Esq., M.P., on the 15th day of October, 1867, being the 30th year of the reign of Her most gracious Ma jesty Queen Victoiia, Sir Dominick Daly being Governor of tho province ; the Rev. H. H. Gaud, President of the Australasian AVesleyan Metho dist Conference ; the Rev. John AVatsford, Chairman of the South Australian District ; Revs. J. G. Millard and A. Rigg, ministers of the Adelaide First Circuit ; John Colton and James Scott, Esqs., Circuit Stewards; James C'Unming, Esq., architect; W. Bundey, Esq., contractor ; and Messrs. J. Col ton, J. Scott, L. Roach, H. Goss, AV. Collins, AV. Johns, AV. G. Coombs, AV. Scott, H. Codd, M. Kingsborough, AV. Richards, J. C. Mann, J. D. Bone, P. Fix, J. Dungey, A. Thompson, R. E. Tapley, F. H. Fauliiing, E. Pearce, J. Langsford, .7. Broad, AV. Thomas, J. D. Hill, J. Lloyd, G. AV. Cotton, AV. Stacey, J, Greer, AV. Pengelly, and A. Dobbie, Trustees and Building Committee. This building is to be designated ' The Draper Memorial Church,' in memory of the Rev. Daniel J. Draper, formerly Chairman of this District, whose useful ministry, genial disposi tion, enlightened attachment to Methodism, and most able management of its affairs, gjeatly endeared him to our people, among whom his name will long bo remembered with love and veneration. On the llth of January, I860, when returning from England to Australia, where he had labored for 30 years, he, with bis excellent wife and upwards of 200 fellowpas sengers, sank into a watery grave by the foundering of the ship London in the Bay of Biscay. — He magnified Christ both in life and death.' Mr. Millard remarked that but for tho coarse ness of the weather the Architect would have exhibited a handsome drawing of the proposed building, but the working drawings might be inspected in the schoolroom. Then addressing Mr. J. Colton, M.P., he said— Mr. Colton. permit me, Sir, in the name of the Trustees and Building Committee of this edifice to present you with this very handsome trowel, and also in the name of Mr. Bundey, with this elegant mallet, and] now to ask you on this very inte resting occasion, to proceed with these two in struments, to lay the foundation stone of the Draper Memorial Church, The trowel was elegantly worked in silver, with an ivory handle, and bore the following inscription : — ' Presented to J. Colton, Esq., M.P., on the occasion of his laying the founda tion-stone of the Draper Memorial Church, Adelaide, 15th October, 1867.' Mr. COLTON, M.P., then proceeded to lay the stone, which having been duly adjusted, Mr, Colton said — ' Having examined this stone, and finding it perfectly level, I now declare it laid, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and may the Trinity, the bloued Trinity, bl«u thU onderUkuw.' Th— mounting tho atone, he delivered an »ilrln-i. ?vlthough speaking under great diMdm Uges, aa rain fell throughout bu speech. He said he was very sorry that Uutt was ?uch an inauapicioua aitemeoo, but he was exceedingly pleased to find ao much nal iuten.-at evinced in thi* undertaking *? waa- ?b.own by the Urge attendance. He could uoV permit tbat opportunity, fraught at it was with so much of interest, to paaa without making a few remark*, although he ninmi—tl them they thould be but few. H« waa grati fied that this in t creating ceremony had fill— to hi* lot, becaune having beoa identified witb the rise and progrew of MeU-odi*m faa this city for more than a quarter of a- century he felt Ut&t; this wu to bin a red letter day, and one which would never to forgotten aa long as he lived. He however fait a special pleasure that he had the honor of laying the foundation-atone, btoaOM ot Vm long and intimate acquaintance with th* honored man whose name this building would commemorate. Many aognstioas had boat made as to what would be th* meat fittiar manner to commemorate that gnat and good man's end— his life and hisaobU daatb — bat if they could draw aside the veil and wan permitted to consult their departed ministeT and friend, the late Eev. D. J. Hncpmf wk» labored in tfiis city nineyears, andhere spent nine years of the very best days of his ministry, he was sure if they were permitted thus to consult him as to the character of the monument to be erected, bis own sentiments would be in accord ance with theirs in the erection of that place of worship. He believed that nothing which they coulil do would be more in harmony with his views and feelings than the erection of tlii* Church to commemorate his labors and his heroic death. If that good man's sainted spirit was now hovering over them he believed the joy which he would feel would be intensified by this additional evidence of the progress of the cause oi xue rteaeemer in tnis city in connees tion with their Church. He therefore repeated that he felt greatly honored in laying the foun dation stone of a building which would commemorate the life and death of one whom all esteemed, and who wa» a great blessing in laj-ing the foundation of their Church in this city fins and sure. He would now just say a word or two before he gave place to Mr. AVatsford, as to the reasons which had led the trustees and friends to commence this erection For many yean their place in Pirie- street had been too strait for them, large and commodious as that was, and this erection had been talked of for many years, but they had not been able to see their way perfectly clear to commence it, as so many other enterprises had been made necessary ia the Church's onward progress. This had had to give way to other movements. AVhen the Chapel Stewards found that Pirie-street did not give sufficient accommodation for the earnest worshippers who wished to meet with them, the thought occurred to them that they should ereot another church, and Kent Town and the place where they were now standing were sug gested. Kent Town, however, was first, and consequently that church had first to be built. It was thought that that church would so re lieve the congregation of Pirie- street that it would not be needful to make further accom modation for a considerable time, but they found out — and they were pleased with tha result— that notwithstanding the Kent Town Church, the Pirie-street Church was soon aa crowded as before, and consequently they had decided to commence this structure, in order that they might again drain the centre of many persons who were anxious to worship with them. He then appealed to them, young and old, to sympathise with the effoits of the stewards and trustees, and assist them by their co-operation, their subscriptions, and their prayers. Already they hart the beginning of a church there, for a nourishing school met there every Sunday, and a Society held its meetings from week to week. The building would be a very beautiful one, worthy of the AVesleyan Church, and worthy of the man whose name it would bear. He asked them to assist in putting up a good and respectable church, and one which would be a credit for years te come to that part of the city. He asked them for their sympathies and their prayers, and last, though not least, for their money also, for thoy could not' get on with out mouey. He asked them all to do what they could, and he appealed to the young people pre sent to lay their gifts upon the stone. He then, addressing Mr. Millard, said he received the trowel and mallet witli great pleasure. T*Bs trowel was a very beautiful one, and he w^i-)ie4. the rev. gentleman to convey to his brother trustees his high appreciation of their gift. He should very highly value ti as long as he lived, and, it should h£ handed down to his family as a heirloom. He had never been engaged in an undertaking of this sort which had been unsuccessful, sjm| therefore he entered upon this one with ib,e, greatest confidence that it would be successful, for he was sure they were doing right, and tha$ they bad the sanction of Heaven to. their work, (Cheers.) The Rev. John AVatsford, Chairman of the District, then mounted the atone and spoke. He said he should not detain them long, for Mr. Millard had Bald they must have a good, collection, and as two showers had gone ovei\ he wanted the collection to he made before tha third came. (Laughter.) He rejoiced in this, work, because he believed they were building a, AVesleyan church where one was very much, needed, and because they were building a beau tiful house, where the great and glorious truths, which they as AVesleyan Methodists loved Uk hear, would be declared. They all knew what ruths would be preached and taught there. Some prrsons thought this a defect it their system, and deplored that their ministers were not left free and unshackled, as they termed it, to advance with the age, receiving fresh light and altering their views. They held, however, that all that was new iu theology touching the fundamental truths of ( -hristianity was falsa. (Hear, hear.) They held that Christianity, like its great Master, was tbe sameyesterday. to-day, and for ever. There was the Trinity and Unity — the one God and three persons, the three persons and one God — the Undivided Three, the mysterious One. Surely no light could be imported to change that great doctrine. There was also original sin. Man — guilty, fallen, and undone. No further light could make it appear that man was not helpless and ruined. Then there was redemption by their Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ — man redeemed by the precious blood of the Lord and Saviour; and no fresh light could ever make it appear that He was not wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities ; that the chas tisement of our peace was not upon that, and that by His stripes we are not healed. There was the witness of the Spirit, and the renewal and sanctification of the souL These truths they held would be the same for ever, and they insisted upon their ministers preaching thesa truths. There was no difficulty in getting a minister out of their pulpits if he did not. If a AVesleyan minister taught these truths they said, 'Come with us and teach;' but if not they said 'Go somewhere else, we cannot bid you come with us unless you hold these great fundamental truths of Christianity.' He need not say that there was no fear of Popery being preached there— (cheers)- or Puseyism, or Ra tionalism — (hear, hear)— or fear of anything being preached there which was contrary to the glorious Gospel of their blessed God. Let a Methodist preacher come from where h» liked, and they came from all quarters — from England, Ireland, Scotland, Canada, the United States, or the colonies — and they knew that he would preach the great truths which tbey had long heard and experienced. He would say a word about the Draper Memorial Church. Let not their young friends think that they were worshipping saints. He was sure they were not erecting this house to worship their dear friend, Mr. Draper. They glorified God in that great and good man — in his holy and successful life, and in his triumphant death, and they presented this building as a thank-offering to God for giving them such a man, and for Affording the grace which sustained him in the dying and the trying hour. No fitter memorial could be raised than a house of prayer where the glorious truths of the Gospel might be proclaimed. No other man in the colonies was more successful in chapel and church building than Mr. Draper, and in building a church to the glory of God, and calling it the Draper Memorial Church, might God grant that many hundreds of per sons might be converted to God thereby. He concluded by appealing to them all for their pecuniary assistance, and requesting them to lay their offerings on the stone. The Rev. Mr. Millard said the contract was taken for £4,200. A few months ago, at a meet ing of pewholders, a sum of £1,050 was pro mised, and he read a list of promises, which he said was equivalent to money placed on the stone, amounting in all to £82 15s. Mr. Colton said he had omitted to thank the contractor, Mr. Bundey, for the beautiful mallet. He should treasure it long as ft memento of that day's proceedings. Offerings to a considerable amount were then placed upon the stone, and after singing and prayer the interesting proceedings terminated. The Church will be built of Glen Osmond stone, with stone dressings. The interior is 83 x 48J feet, and the height from floor to ceiling will be 28 feet. The height of the roof from the ground level is to be 49 feet, and th-; spire in. front of the church will rise to a height of 120 feet. There will be accommodation for 576 adults, exclusive of two small galleries on either side of the spire, for the use of tho Sunday school children. Mr. Jnmes Cumming is the architect, and Mr. AVin. Bundey the contractor, and it is expected the church will bo completed in about 14 months. There are now actually three baronets pro* fessors at Oxford — Sir F. Ouseley, music ; Sir B, Brodie, chemistry; and Sir F. H. Doyle, poetry. «*-*»«« 