MALDON SB IRE COUNCIL. Thursday, February 14tb, 1867. Present .-—The President, (R. J. Lawrence, Esq, J.P.), and Crs Stevenson, Jung, Ellis, and Toliin. 'I he minutes of the previous meeting Were read aud confirmed, and the correspondence despatched by the Secretary approved ot CORRESPONDENCE. Lptters were read from :— 1—From tbe Borough Treasurer, Castlemaine, acknowledging receipt of £11 »s, being portion of toll fund for the months of January and February, 186/. 2—From the chairman of the Maldon United Commons, requesting permission to present from the surplus funds the sum of .£10 to the Bazaar fnud in aid of tbe Hospital and Ladies' Benevolent Society. 3—Secretary of the Loader Downs Farmers' Commons, with statement of receipt and expenditure to the end of the year, and enclosing balance of 12s 9d, and asking if it is necessary that tbe managers should be re-appointed iu consequence of tbe union of tbe Laanecoorie, Woodstock, and Loader Downs Commons. 4—The secretary of the Central Board of Health, stating that complaints had been made to the Board by a number of the residents of Maldon of tbe serious injury to tbe health of the inhabitants, by the practice of quartzburning, and recommending the Local Board to adopt stringent measures to be carried out to prevent tbe same. 5—The secretary of the Tullaroop Shire Council, asking if this Council supplied tbe kerosene for the lamps placed upon the tollgates within the Sbire. 6—Blundell and Ford, declining to make any reduction iu tbe price of printing the statistics. 7—Road6 and Bridges' office, enclosing forms to be filled up relating to statistics concerning tbe working of tbe local Government Act. 8—Roads and Bridges' office, "requesting information as to the various main road works in course of execution ; also, warning the Council against tbe commencement of any such works without tbe authority of the department. 9—John Ramsay, Esq, M.P, on the subject of-Water Works, .stating that the.Maldon works would be among the first that will be executed, in the event of a new. post being granted to Maldon ; asking information by what trains the mails should be carried. <tc. 10.'—Roads and Bridges'Office, pointing out a slight error in the .number of the Sections Act, quoted in .the auditors' certificate to the main road contractor's account. 11—The secretary to the Conference for sbire boards, asking co-oi eration of the Council in obtaining greater powers for road boards. 12, 15 and 19—Applications from James Phillips, C. Talbot, and W. Scbofield, for slaughtering licenses. .13—From the thistle contractor, requesting payment of £15 to clear expenses. 14—Joseph .Watson, with bis resignation as a manager of Baringbup East Common. 16—Charles Talbot, applying for permission to erect a swing gate under Talbut's bridge. 17—From the Co-operative Trading Company, requesting the Council to complete tbe formation of Templeton street 18—Mrs Janet Heron, complaining of a killing house and pigstye near her house. The letters were received and dealt with as follows:— No. 2, postponed till next meeting; 4, to be considered that day fortnight; 6, payment ordered;. 9, tbe secretary was instructed to write, aud name tbe 12 o'clock noon train from Melbourne, as tbe most convenient for Maldon. to bring up tbe mail in the eveut of a second daily delivery being granted ; 12, 15 and 19, granted ; 13, granted ; 14, to stand over till next meeting; 16, granted; 17, request not granted at present, through want of funds; 18, the secretary to inform Mrs Heron of the necessary steps to be taken. PAYMENTS. The following accounts were passed for payment. £ s. d Public Works 14 13 0 W. Padley, sundries 1 5 6 Salaries 16 14 6 Tarrasngower Times, printing ... 5 17 6 Blundell and C»., statistics 6 8 6 Willisun, thistles 15 0 0 Total ... j£59 19 0 REPORTS. The Surveyor's report detailing the damage done by the late fbiod was Tead aud received. Cr JUNG'S motion that defaulting ratepayers be advertised in tbe local newspapers was lost for waut of a seconder. NOTICES OF MOTION. Cr TOBIN gave notice that at next meeting he would move that the Government be requested to proclaim a street at east side of Main-street from Franklin's corner. Tbe Council then went into committee for the purpose of opening tenders. On resnming the tender of Mr Bromfield for the office of Pouudkeeper <fcc., at £95 per annum, was accepted, and Mr Taylor's tender for leasing the tollgate for three months, at the rate of £3,71 per annnm, was also accepted. The Council then adjourned. BAPTISM VIEWED IN ITS RELATION TO IN- FANTS.—We have received a copy of a sermon bearing the above title, preached by the Rev W. A- Quick, President of Horton College, at the request of his brethren in the ministry during tbe lite session of tbe Wesleyan District Meeting. Taking for his text Matthew xxvin, 19 :—" Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them iu tbe name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," the rev. gentleman proceeds to frame an argument from the Scriptures in favour of the practice of baptising infants, and points out that baptism i9 a covenant transaction—an illustration by action and a confirmation of a compact entered ' into by God with his redeemed creatures ; such was circumcision under a former dispensation, and it cannot be denied that the Christian Church succeeded to tbe Jewish. It was to be expected that the covenant remaining God would give to it a sign and seal, a sacramental rite, . and that either circumcision would continue, or a new rite would take its place. Such a lite was baptism, and that its office was analagons to that of circumcision, and that it had succeeded to circumcision, was made plain by St Paul:— " In "whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the .body of tbe sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ; buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through tbe faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the dead." _ Again the author says:— " Baptism is a right initiating into die Church ; all who are accepted and saved are entitled to admission. Our infaut children are accepted and saved ; they are entitled to be admitted by baptism members of the church. To refuse' baptism to infants is worthy of those Christians who believe that only some children are objects of ^redeeming mercy and electing grace—that God bas passed by tbe remainder ; it is worthy of those who believe.it to be an impossible thing for .thegrace.ofGod to be finally forfeited.. I think tbat our practice of formally receiving' infants into the cimrch by baptism harmonises •beautifully with -the declared universal love of God, Lhat redeeming love to all mankind which it is onr-joy to preach." After treating of die subject in its various phases, the benefits arising' from the baptism.nf infants are pointed out inasmuch as it gives to parents and ministers the power ofa Btrongargument when they wonld persuade the young to the service, of CbriBt. The sermon, is one. .which . will, no donbt,_ be .eatteriyread..' .itis neatly iirintedinaoinveiaent form.—/jOunceitonSxamintr. ? ? 