THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES. (Continued. ) Disorder has been permanent ever since tne Revolution commenced in Europe. There has been no solid and lasting peace since the divine order of society was broken. Great standing armies attest the continuance of the state of war in the heart of society. Men can only be truly united by and in union with God, their Creator, Father and Judge, there is no union with God hut bv the true religion which God has revealed to that end ; when that religion is publicly pro scribed, legally excluded from society, men, in their feebleness and presumption have nothing left to them but their own miserable opinions, and disorder is permanent. Man is in all things an instructed being (1), he cannot be taught without competent authority and without proper submision to that authority. In no single thing is he able to emancipate himself from this neces sary instruction without falling into the most lamentable error and disorder. The Revolution is lighting up a fire in which it will be inevitably consumed with its own works. Its deluded victims think they are pre paring life and they are surely preparing their own death. With marvellous unanimity and ardent zeal they are digging a pit into which they must inevitably fall. They are like a mad man, who, in order to destroy his neighbours house built of stone and iron, lights a fire close to his own, which is of wood and straw and filled with combustible material. The house of his neighbour is the indestructible Church of the living God which this madman attempts to de stroy? The fire is the Revolution which has \\*oon Inn? smouldering among the people, fanned and fed by impious publications. Ls the indes tructible work of God to become the prey of these flames, or their own institutions of straw ? It is not neeessavy to be a prophet to answer this question, it is evident that the fire is kind lin', it is evident that the Revolution alone can perish with its perishable works. It has lighted up the fire of the most shameful passions, it will be consumed by them. _ ? 'The recrudency of the diabolical 10. the world is a Sign of the times well worthy of attention although but little heeded. It is, as it were, a prelude to the prodigies of Antichrist. 'Never perhaps has the demon been more pro found or more visible than now. In the very heart of society, in those abysses of darkness and corruption which touch the frontiers of Satan's kingdom, horrible things are committed ? things unknown, thanks to God, to the mass of mankind— which would cause us to despair of the future of the world and would seem to justify those who think that the end of things in at hand, if side by side with these prodigies, good had not also its heroes and its miracles. The worship of Satan is formally constituted and practised in Europe, especially in certain parts of it and in certain cities wheie impiety and athe ism have made the greatest progress. This wor ship recruits its disciples amongst the poor victims of demagogical theories, which teud to nothing less than the ruin of existing things, divine and human : the words of illustrious Gorres are completely confirmed, he said that his work would come at the right time and that a manifestation of the powers of hell was pre paring, such as had never been witnessed since pagan times. .Already a inan wuu seems w possess the genius of absurdity, if such expres sions might be coupled together, has dared to say that God is the principle of evil, that he is the open adversary of the human race and that every effort of man should be strained to escape from his power and to weaken his empire (2). Assuredly the world— even in the very heart of paganism— never heard such an enormity. Jt is the theory of evil and of hell, given- as the basis of human society. Before a man could utter such' blasphemy, the region of evil and of the demon must have been widely spread, for nothing is isolated in history, its tissue is so closely woven that every thread holds its pla.ee, the anomalies, the most striking in appearance, have still the principle and their explanation in that which surrounds them. Thus, in the dregs of society, at our very oors, under our very feet, the mysteries of hell te celebrated. The demon iias his disciples, his riests and his morals. These we know m part -y the carnal and demagogical theories which lave more than once betrayed the secret of those lark associations. Their novices are initiated to his abominable worship in the same manner as ti old, by a solemn compact, in which they for nally renounce God and heaven and acknow edgo themselves the vassals of Satan. Now, is in former times, they sign this sacrilegious Mmpact with their blood and the missionaries who have been charged to evangelise the places where these horrible mysteries are especially practised, have more than once caused these formuhries to be renounced by those whom their exhortations had touched. We have painful re membrance of an account given to us in 1847 by a pious missionary, who was often compelled to see formularies of this kind. His penetrating glance had foreseen the terrible consequences which would result from such a state of things, he Baid to us with a tone of certainty never to he forgotten : Be sure that before long we shall Witness horrible catastrophies (3)'. A Btriking and vivid picture of the approach ?I 'the last idolatry,' has been drawn for us by a celebrated living Author : 11 Meus agitat inolem : A spirit agitates the anti- Christian body. Its members feel it with out yet knowing rightly how to account for it. But Christians know what that revelation of the spirit will be which is to come and unite all hearts (1). They know that the sects will one day blend together in the great unity of nega tion against the only true unity, the unity of faith. Catholicity will nerer disappear. The Church which alone, in her triple state of pri mitive, mosaic and Christian Church, embraces all time notwithstanding the diversity of ages, will alone always appear Catholic, that is to say everywhere the same, notwithstanding the di versities of place, she alone will for ever make the same act of faith in every tongue ; Credo in unura Deum, Patrem, Filium et Spirituin Sanc tum. — Et unam, sanctatn, catholicam et aposto licam Ecclesiam. — Confiteor unum. baptisma in remissionetn peccatorum, et expecto vesurrec tionem mortuorum et vitam venturi sajculi. I believe in one God. Father, Son and Holy Ghost. — And one, holy, catholic and apostolic Church. — 1 confess one bantism for the remis sion of sins, and I expect the resurrection of she dead and the life of the world to come. — But there will one day appear, side by side with ;hat great unity of faith^ hope, and charity, the *reat negative unity of hatred of the living God, uhat great obstacle to harmony, and who, it is said, must be overthrown ! This is the seed of that tree 'which saint Paul saw germinating at the beginning of the Church, it is that very tree whose branches we have seen spreading by the heresies of the early times, by Arianism ; by the Eastern Schism ; by Ma hometanism, which has invaded a part of Asia, Africa and Europe ; by Protestantism, which has divided the North and the New World, in fine by Rationalism which resumes and conse crates every revolt, by divinising the rebel. It cannot be denied that all concur to manifest the possibility, and by the simple aspect of human things to shew us the probability of the division of the world into two camps. Whilst all errors are blending together, nations intermingle and distance vanishes. Truth and falsehood pass from one end of the world to the other with the rapidity of lightning and from henceforth without disguise metaphor. Suppose then a powerful personification of the doctrine in vogue — which has never been wanting to great errors in any age, — and you will learn what this new master will say : To the Jews he will say : God is God and Moses was his prophet ; to the Mahometans ; God is God and Mahomet was his prophet ; to the Indians, the Chinese, the Tartars ; God. is God and Bramha and Buddha were his prophets, and, blasphemously comparing the King of ages to men whom time has vanquished he will say to the Christians : God is God and Jesus was his prophet ! — I bring the good things of peace, but in order to give it to the world, 1 had declared war against those who reject the great unity of which I am the source. 1 am the spirit of christs and prophets ; he who is not for me is against me. Hear you the revealer of lies ? Hear you the false christ, the envoy of the great empty word which he calls God? Doubtless a great and an empty word, since it expresses all the contradictions of the human mind, all the pre tended revelations of divinised egotism, a great and an empty word manifestly, since, like the pantheon of pagan Rome, it receives all the gods, even the living God, if he but place himself on a level with the dead ! Antichrist, the real founder of the last idolatry, will use the name of God only to preach coutempt of God : Ex tolletur contra orane quod dicitur Deus, and re new the great pagan theocracy by the confusion of the two powers, and the apotheosis of man alone : Ostendens se tanquam sit Deus, thus giving to pantheism that powerful, theurgical and popular personification which was still want ing to it. — Behold then antichristianism in its last form. — In Jesus-Christ, says saint Paul, there is no great yea and nay, no contradiction but unity, the great positive unity of truth always the same in all times. In the begin ning was the Word, and the Word was made flesh (2) and he did not come to destroy, but to fulfill (3), and with the great unity of truth, the grsat unity of love, the universal fraternity of the children of God. On the contrary, in Aubichrist there will be the great unity of the negation of all positive faith and the great unity of hatred towards all that believes, adores, loves any other thing than man in revolt against God, any other thing than the human mind, human passions, human power' (4). It is in the name of that deceitful negative unity, and of that false union of hatred, that the chief of the last anti christian empire will everywhere make war against truth, which alone will resist him. Do you not already see on the horizon the coming of this universal persecution of the only universal Church, in the name of pretended universal to leration (5) ? Well then may we say with the Apostle that the mystery of iniquity already worketh (6) and this work is always advancing. But that nothing might now be wanting to convince us of the pos sibility and probability of the return of idolatry, we see joined to the doctrine which divinises man, the mania of superstitious practice. Not withstanding his pride, man feels his own weak ness and, in his revolt, he invokes, as it were instinctively, a rebel more powerfull than him self (7)..' (1) E. Quiney. Lettre a E. Sue. (2) John. t. 1, 14. (3) Matth. V. 17. (4) The beast and the dragon who will have given his power to the beast. (5) Le Libre Examen. (6) 2 Thess., II, 3. 7. (7) Le Christ et les Antechrists, par le R. P. Decamps p. 402 et auiv. Tournai. Casterman. 1858. It is rumoured from Paris that there is again a slight hitch in the Luxemburg question, the difficulty being the relations of the Duchy to the Zollvwein. It appears that the Emperor Napoleon is anxious that it should be united, as regards customs' regula tions, to Belgium, an arrangement which does not meet the views cf German diplomatists. — Echoes from t!ie Clubs. 